sso
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
answered to their names,and the call was proceed-
ed with.
Upon the second call 163 members answered to
their names.
The Clerk proceeded to ca'l the absentees.
Mr. BINNEY'S name being called, Mr. WAT-
MOUGH offered in excuse for the absence of his
colleague, that he was carried to Philadelphia by
business, and moved that he be excused. Agreed to.
Mr BROWN'S name being called, Mr CRA-
MER stated that he was absent on account of the
sickness of his family.
Mi. BROWN was excused for his absence.
Mr. WARD moved to suspend the further pro-
ceeding m the call.
Mr. WILLIAMS opposed the motion, and it
was lost
Mr GARMICHAEL was excused, it being
stated that he was confined at home by illness.
Mr CHOATE and Mr. C. C. CLAY were
excused for similar reasons.
Mr. DICKERSON was excused, it being stated
that he was absent on busme&s.
The following members were excused for various
reasons—Messrs. GRAYSON, HAMER, and
HARD.
Mr. LANE moved that all further proceedings
in the call be suspended, and that the doors be
opened.    Rejected.
The following gentlemen were excused .-Messrs
HENDERSON, HAWES, CHINN, LEWIS,
LAY, McDUFFIE, MILLER, MITCHELL,
MILLIGAN, SUTHERLAND, TOMPKINS,
JACKSON, and WAYNE.
Several other members were excused; when
Mr. MANN moved to suspend all further pro-
ceeding in the call.   Rejected.
After rejecting an excuse offered for theabsence
of Mr. HARDIN, the House again refused to
suspend the call
Mr PLUMMERmoved that the members now
in the Capitol be allowed to enter the Hall
The CHAIR stated the motion was not in order,
according to the 55th rule.
Mr. PLUMMER moved that Messrs. KAVA-
NAGH and DENNY, who were in sight in the
galleiy, be admitted.
The CHAIR stated that the motion was not in
order.
The CHAIR stated that one hundred and sev-
enty membeis were now in attendance, and that
ten or fifteen more were in the Capitol, as he was
informed by the Doorkeeper.
Mr. MARSHALL moved that the doors be
opened for Che purpose of admitting those mem-
bers who were now at the doors of the House,
without being taken into custody under the rule.
Asreed to
Mi BEARDSLEY moved that all further pro-
ceedings in the call be suspended.   Rejected.
The absentees having been again called,
Mi. CONNOR moved that the Sergeant-at-
Arms be directed to bring the absentees before the
House.
Mr. BURGES suggested the expediency of
postponing the motion till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock
Mr. POLK said that h'e recollected one instance
in which the call of the House had proceeded one
step beyond that which it had gone to-day, and
then messengers weie sent to the absentees in-
forming them that the House had called and re-
quested their attendance, without taking them into
custody, and he suggested that this course be now
pursued
Mi. CONNOR .modified his motion according
to the suggestion of Mr. POLK, and it was agreed
to
Mr. VINTON moved that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr HUBBARD called for tellers; and the
question being taken, the motion was lost—veas
74, nays 78
Mr. GÍLLET moved to suspend all further
proceedings on the call, and to open the doors.
Mi WARDWELL asked for the yeas and
nays, which were refused
The motion was agreed to I y a -vote of 90 to
Tf>
So all further proceeding in the call was sus-
pended, and the doors of the House were ordered
to be opened
The question then\ recurred on the motion of
Mi. WISE, of Vnginia, to suspend the mies of
the House for the purpose of enabling him to
offer his resolutions
The question being taken by yeas and nays, the
motion was rejected—yeas 1U3, nays 93, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. John Q. Adams, Heman Al-
| len, Chilton Allan, William Allen, Archer, Ashley,
Banks, Barnnz, Barrmger, Bates, Bavlies.Beale,
Beaty, Jas M. Bell, Bouldm.Bnggs,Bull,Bulges,
Bynum, Cage, Campbell, Chambers, Chilton,
Claiborne, William Claik, Clayton, Ciowney,
Connor, Coiwin, Coulter, Crane, Ciockett, Dar-
lington, Warren R Davis, Amos Davie, Deberry,
! Deiiny, Dickson, Duncan, Ellsworth, Eians, Ed-
ward Everett, Horace Eveiett, Ewn g, Fillmoie,
Foot, Fostei, Philo C Fuller, Fulton, Gamble,
Garland, Gholson, Gilmer, Gordon, Gorham,
Graham, Grennell, Griffin, Hiiand Hall, Hardin,
James Harper, Hszeltwie, Heath, Iiiester, Jabez
W. Hwitington, WriuamC Johnson,King,Lay,
Lewis, Lincoln, Love, Mai tmdale, Marshall, John
Y. Mason, McCarty,McComas,McKennon,Mer-
cer, Moore, Patton, Patterson, Dutee J. Pearce,
Peyton, Pinckney, Potts, Ramsay, Reed, Selden,
Augustine H. Shepperd, William Slade, Sloane, |
Spanglei, Stewart, Stoddert, William P. Taylor, i
Philemon Thomas, Tweedy! Vance, Vinton,Wat- I
mough, Elisha Whittlesey, Wilde,Williams,Wil-
son, Wise, and Young—103.
NAY'S—Messis. John Adams, Anthony, Bean,
Beardsley,   Beaumont,   Blair,   Bockee,   Boon,
Bunch, Cam brelerg, Carr, Casey, Chaney, Sam-
uel Clark, Clay,Coffee, Cramer, Day, Dickinson,
Dunlap, Forester, Fowler, William K. Fuller,
Galbraith.Gillet, Joseph Hall, Thomas H  Hall,
Halsey,Hannegan, Joseph M. Harper,Harrison, '
Hathaway, Hawkins, Howell, Hubbard, Abel !
Huntington, Inge, Jarvis, Richard M. Johnson, I
Noadiah Johnson, Cave Johnson, Seaborn Jones,
Benjamin Jones, Kavanagh, Kinnard, Lane, Lan-
sing, Laporte, Lawrence, Luke Lea, Thomas Lee,
Leavitt,  Loyall,  Lucas,  Lyon, Lytle,   Abijah
Mann, Joel K. Mann, Mardis, Moses Mason,
, Melntire,McKay, McKim,McKmley, McLene,
' McVean.Milhgan,Murphy,Osgood,Page,Parks,
Parker,Franklin Pierce, Pierson.Plummer, Polk,
Pope, Schenck, Schley, Smith, Speight, Standifer,
William Taylor, Thomson, Turnll, Vanderpoel,
I Van Houten, Wagener, Ward, Ward well, Web-
ster, Whallon, and Campbell P. White—93.
!     Mr. WISE gave notice that he should renew the
motion every day during the session.
1     Mr. PEYTON rose and smd- Mr. Speaker, the
honorable gentleman from Virginia has notified
the House that he will offer the resolutions which
j havejust been i ejected, every day dunrg the ses- '
i sion, unless they are received     I voted for the
, suspension of the rule, to enable the gentleman to
bring foward his íesolutions, because I intended
to offer an amendment in lieu of the whole of those
i íesolutions.    I now, sir, notify the House, and
j that gentleman, that I shall offer the resolutions
¡1 which I hold m my hand, as a subs'itute, when-
ever the honorable member from Virginia shall
1 offer his resolutions.    I move, Mr. Speaker, that
' the rule be suspended for the reading of the reso-
lutions which I send to the table
The SPEAKER informed Mr  P. that it was
not in order to offer a substitute for resolutions
I which weie not received by the House
Mi. PEYTON.    Then, Mr  Speaker, I offer
them as original resolutions, and ask iorasuspen-
I sion of the tule.    If we me to have the question, let
us meet it fully
|     The reading of the resolutions was called for,
I and they were read, as follows.
I    Resolved, That the President of the United States,
in the late executive proceedings in relation to the
public revenue, has not assumed " upon himself
authority and power not conferred by the Consti-
tution and laws," but that he has acted in con-
formity to both.
Resolved, That the Senate of the United States,
in a late resolution passed by that body, m the
i words following, to wit: " Resolved, That the
i ' President, in the late executive proceeding in
I ' relation to the public revenue, has assumed upon
| ' himself authority and power not conferred by
' ' the Constitution and laws, but in derogation of
I ' both"—have, by that lesolution, adopted  not
with a view to legislative action, but as a solemn
censure upon the Piesident, infringed upon the
rightful and legitimate powers and prerogatives of
the House of Repieseniatives.
Resolved, That Congress has the power, by law,
to select the places of depositing the public money,
and providing for its sale-keeping.
The SPEAKER was proceeding to a count of
the House, when, at the suggestion of several of
Mr. Peyton's friends, he observed that he would
withdraw his resolutions for the present, pledging
himself to bnrg them forward as a substitute for
the resolutions of the gentleman from Virginia,
whenevei they were presented.
The resolutions having been read—
Mr. PEYTON withdrew, for the present, his
motion, stating that he should renew it when the
resolution of the gentleman from Virginia [Mi.
Wise] should be offered.
On motion of Mr. LANE,
The House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, .iprii 19, 1831.
Mr. R. M.JOHNSON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, presented a íeport with a bill to
piovide for the printing of five thousand copies of
" Cavalry Instructions for the use of theMiiitiaof
the United States;" and
Mr. WILLIAMS, a bill for increasing the sal-
aries of the judges of the United States for the
Teintones ot Arkansas, Michigan, and Florida;
all which bills were read twice and committed, and
ordered to be read a third time.
Mr. CLAYTON asked the unanimous consent
of the House to submit the following:
Resolved, That a special committee be appointed
for the puipose of inquiring into the expediency
of equalizing and reducing the salaries of officers
and ail other expenses of Government in every
department thereof, where the same can be consti-
tutionally done; and, also, to abolish such offices
as may be deemed unnecessary; and that they have
power to report by bill or otherwise.
Some members objecting,
Mr. CLAYTON moved a suspension of the
rule, to enable him to offer it, on which motion the
yeas and nays were ordered; yeas 127, nays 16.
And the lesolution having been submitted—
Mr. JARVIS proposed an amendment, which
he hoped the member from Georgia would accept,
as a modification, viz: to insert after the word
"unnecessary, "and also of increasing the compen-
sation of officers, whose salaries oi emoluments
are inadequate to the services performed by them.
Mr. CLAYTON accepted it.
Mr. EWING demanded the yeas and nays on
the resolution as modified.   Ordered.
Mr. PARKER said, that as he presumed this
amendment was intended as a substitute for that
which was already presented to the House by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vance,] he desired
that it should not be immediately adopted until
membeis should ascertain whether it might not be
made more general. He moved to postpone the
further consideration of the resolution until Mon-
day next.
Mr. BEARDSLEY inquired if the suspension
of the rule entitled the subject to be considered in
preference to other resolutions before the House'
The SPEAKER responded in the affirmative.
Mr. PARKER men said, in compliance with
the wishes of many members, he would withdraw
his motion to postpone
Mr. VANCE said he felt it necessary to state,
m answer to the remarks of the gentleman from
New Jersey, [Mr. Parker,] thatheadhered tohis
amendment, he had no knowledge of, or any un-
derstanding with, the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Cliytov,] and did not know he had even
an intention of presenting such a resolution; but
notwithstanding that this was the first intimation
which he had of it, he would vutefoi it cheerfully.
Mr PARKER, in explanation, said that he was
misconceived by the gentleman from Ohio. lie
had not said that there was any understanding on
the subject between the two gentlemen. The
resolution, it would be observed, would have the
same effect, and only brought the subject up in a
mo:e tangible shape
