334                                   THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                           April 22,
Mr. BLACK then read the views which he
took of the question, and came to the result, that
a Senator might offer any amendment he chose,
but it was competent for the Senate to make what
disposition of it they pleased.
Mr CALHOUN and Mr. BIBB contended that
one-fifth of the Senate could not be permitted to
control the majority, and thus effect an- object
indirectly, which the majority were opposed to.
The CHAIR then decided that the motion of
Mr. FORSYTH was in order; whereupon,
Mr. POINDEXTER appealed fiom the decis-
ion; but before the question was taken,
On motion of Mr  WEBSTER,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Apnl 22, 1834.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, made a report on the petition of Henry
Stoker, accompanied by a bill for his relief. Read
twice and committed
Mr CAMBRELENG rose to ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to present a memorial.
He felt assured that gentlemen would, with one
accord, grant him leave, when he stated that it
was the petition of the Polish exiles
Leave being unanimously granted—
Mr. C. said he took great pleasure in presenting
to the Representatives of a free people, the memo-
rial of the Polish exiles Driven from their native
land, these pilgrims of liberty come to worship at
our altars. The memorialists are but a small por-
tion of some 100,000 Poles, who have been exiled
from their country. Some few found refuge in
Europe; but most of tnem were banished to the
■wilds of Siberia 1 trust, sn, we shall never vio-
late those rules of public law, so necessary to pro-
tect the rights of nations, and to preserve the peace
of the world, which prohibit us from interfering
■with the political affairs of other countries. But I
know of no national obligation to prevent us from
extending to these exiles our hospitality and our
sympathy. Nor can the rigid rules of public law
restrain the fnends of freedom, in every land, from
taking a deep interest in the struggle of patriots,
wherevei they may occur. Though the cause of
unhappy Poland may not be the cause of nations,
it is intimately associated with the cause of man-
kind.                                          *
The SPEAKER stated that it was not in order
to go further into the question, than to state the
ontents and objects of the memorial.
Sir, (said Mi C.,) I am aware that it is not in
order, without the consent of the House, but I
would not, in such a case, insult their patnotism
by deeming it necessary to ask leave to submit a
few brief lemarks, in presenting the memorial I
repeat, sir, the cause of Poland is closely asso-
ciated with the cause of mankind. Liberty mourns
over her fate, and the children of every enlightened
land learn her story, and weep over her calamities.
Public law cannot blind us to the actual condition
of the political world. The social elements of civ-
ilized nations are in commotion—antagonist prin-
ciples are in active and geneial war. The history
of the last twenty years—the fundamental changes
in the Governments of Great Britain, France, and
Spam, prove that a spirit of reform is silently revo-
lutionizing the plan and form of ancient Govern-
ments. Western Europe is animated with this
spirit; and absolute monarchies are giving way to
constitutional and representative governments. It
must be evident that the eastern and western por-
tions of that continent cannot long remain in peace
—the conflict between antagonist pi maples of
government must come on. Yes, sir, the question
must sooner oi later be determined, whether all
who contend for the rights of man shall be ban-
ished to our free land, or whether the white eagle
of Poland is destined to wave triumphantly over
the battlements of Warsaw.
I am sure, Mr Speaker, it is not necessary for
me to lecount the sufferings of the Polish exiles,
to excite the sympathies or to solicit the favor of
the House. There is, there can be, but one sen-
timent from the Canadian to the Mexican frontiei.
The voice of the nation, from the ocean to the wil-
derness, will welcome them to our shores, and pro-
claim then right to demand our hospitality.   The
countrymen of a Kosciusco and of a Pulaski will
find an eloquent advocate in the heart of every
American. A debt of gratitude can never be can-
celled. The claim of the memorialists is also sus
tamed by the laws of hospitality and the usage of
nations. They ask for a grant of land, that they
may end their days in peace and security Let us
grant an asylum to these exiles, and while they
mourn over the fate of the unhappy land of their
nativity, may they be consoled with the reflection
that the brave Pole can never be an exile in a land
of liberty.
It has been usual heretofore to refer memorials
of this character to the Committee on Public
Lands. It was my wish in this case to ask for a
select committee; but I know the members of the
former would contend for the honor of favorably
considering it, and I cannot deprive them of the
opportunity of doing so.
The memorial was lead, ordered to be printed,
and referíed to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr CLAYTON, from the committee appointed
on the 19th instant, offered the following resolu-
tion, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the committee appointed for the
purpose of inquiring into the expediency of equal-
izing and reducing the salaries of officers, and for
other purposes, contained m a resolution passed
by this House on the 19th instant, be authorized
to send for persons and papers in executing the
objects of said resolution.
Mr. JARVÍS moved the suspension of therules,
in order to call up for consideration the following
resolution, with Mr Hardin's amendment, which
he had adopted as a modification, which he offered
last week:
Resolved, That a committee be appointed to in-
vestigate the situation of the Bank of Washington,
the Farmers and Mechanics' Bank of George-
town, the Patriotic Bank, and the Bank of Alex-
andria, situate in the District of Columbia, and
to inquire into the causes which have led to the
recent suspension of specie payments by the afore-
said banks, with power to send for persons and
papers; and that the committee be diiected to re-
port the results of their proceedings to this House.
And Mr. Hardin's amendment to the resolu-
tion, to be added after the last clause:
"And to inquire into the present condition of
* the Bank of the Metropolis; and also what is the
'amount of its debts and obligations, and the
'means it has to pay them, and paiticularly the
' species cf property it possesses, and what amount
' is due to the bank from its officers or any of
' them "
The question being on the adoption of the reso-
lution—
Mr E WING said he was convinced that we had
talked long enough of existing evils, and though
he was in favor oí the inquiry, he thought it time
to look to some definite action on the subject of
the currency. He offered an amendment to the
resolution, raising a committee of twenty-four, to
repoit a plan for a national currency of a uniform
value.
The motion was decided to be out of order.
Mr. BEARDSLEY said he was desirous of
knowing what authority we nad for investigating
the concerns of the banks in the Distnct which had
not suspended specie payment. This authonty
as lespects those banks which had thus suspended
payment was, he learned, derived from their char-
ter. In respect to them he had no doubt as to the
power, but as to one bank named in the resolu-
tion, he would ask gentlemen to put their finger
on the authority for interfering with it in any man-
ner. He made the suggestion that gentlemen who
had given their attention to the subject might in-
form him what was the ground on which we were
pioceedmg. If we tiusted to rumors, he would
say we had some reason to doubt the solvency of
the Bank of the Metropolis But he presumed no
gentleman in the House would hazard the sugges-
tion that that bank was not as solvent as any oiher
in the Union. Now, sir, I have leason to believe
that the Bank of the Metropolis would have no
objection to furnish the information sought for,
and his only difficulty was, as to the authority on
which we proceeded. As to the pretence that be-
cause this is a deposite bank of the Treasury, it is
the right and duty of this House to make an in-
quiry into its concerns, &c , would be out of the
question. Fie would not himself give way to the
prejudice, and to the worse than idle clamor, that
a bank, because it is a selected bank, ¡s not sol-
vent. Nor, because some other banks m the D's-
trict had brokendown, bypre arrangement among
themselves, and, as he believed, by pre-concert
with another bank, by which they were probably
to be inJem"ined, would he minister to the panic,
by putting a solvent bank along with the rotten
banks He was very sorry that the gentleman
fiom Maine had introduced this bank into his in-
quiry, merely because it was a deposite bank He
alluded to the declaration made some days ago by
the gentleman fiom Kentucky, [Mr. Allan,] that
the insolvency of the deposite banks could be
proved, and remaiked that it was a bare assertion,
wholly unsupported by any facts He repeated,
that he would not lend himself to the gratification
of party feelings around this Capitol by counte-
nancing the supposition that the deposite banks
weie insolvent, because they were depositories of
the public money. If the gentleman who moved
the resolution has a fact showing that the Bank of
the Metropolis is of doubtful solvency, let us have
it; but do not let us make the lmpiession that, in
our opinion, the Bank of the Metropolis is just as
solventas the broken banks, and no more. The
effect of such an impression would be to break
the bank by clamoi, if it could not be broken in
any other way. He believed that this bank was
a safe, solvent, and well-conducted institution;
and if it had not been, that excellent and much
abused ofKcei at the head of the Treasury would
not have selected it. Every effort of the public
press and of the party opposed to the Administra-
tion had been made during the last six months to
breakdown the credit of ihe local banks That
had been the ruling motive of the party
Mr LANE regretted, he said, that he was com-
pelled to differ from the gentleman from New York.
No man had more confidence than himself in the
Secretary of the Treasury, but he was in favor of
inquiring into the concerns of any selected bank,
whenever it was desired. He would not inquire
whether the power was derived from the contract
or from the charter. But he Would say, that no
bank should hold the deposites, for one moment,
with his vote, which was not willing, at any time,
to submit to this inquiry He had confidence in
the solvency of the bank referred to, and for that
reason would he be willing to vote for the pro-
posed inquiry. He wished to convince the people
of its solvency, and allay the panic. If the bank
was not prepared to submit to the investigation,it
ought not to be a deposite bank.
Mr. HARDIN said he believed the Bank of the
Metropolis was in that situation, that if the inves-
tigation of its affairs was committed to an unpack-
ed jury, according to the suggestion of his col-
league, it would be proved to be insolvent. He
then went into some statements as to the condition
of the bank, as derived from its last statements,
and inferred that it was solvent, provided its bills
and notes under discount were taken into consider-
ation, but without them, it was insolvent. It so
happened, that these discounts had been made to
gentlemen in this vicinity, who were not able to
pay, very promptly, their debts, and that this fund
could not be very readily converted into specie, in
the present embarrassed state of business. Every
bank in the District was solvent, if this item be
included, and without it, no bank in the District
was solvent. He also stated, that he had heard
that the stock of the Bank of the Metropolis was
worth only sixty-four dollars for a hundred
On motion of Mr. BOON, the House proceeded
to the
ORDERS  OF THE DAY.
Mr POLK, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, made the following report-
The Committee of Ways and Means, m pursu-
ance of the third resolution of then former re-
port upon the subject of the Bank of the United
States and the public deposites, which was
adopted by the House, submit the following
REPORT
The House, by its vote, having decided " that
' the State banks oughtto be continued as the places
' of deposite of the public money, and that it is ex-
' pedient for Congress to make further provision by
