1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
of State to purchase the books and papers of Gen-
eral Washington.   Read twice and commuted.
The following bills weie read a third time, and
passed:
A bill for the relief of Thomas B'anchard.
A bill for the íehef of John S. Flemming.
A bill amendatoiy of the several acts for the
relief of insolvent debtors of the United States.
The House resumed, in Committee of theWhole,
(Mr. Hubbard n the chair,) the consideration of
the bill making appropriations for the diplomatic
and civil expenses of the Government foi the year
1834
Mr. McKAYsaid there was so much confusion
when this  bill was last before the Committee of
the Whole, that he could not draw the attention
of the committee to all the points in the billwhich
he objected to.   He now proposed to go back, and
moved to strike out the following items:
For the salary of a clerk m the Topographical
Bureau, §1,000.
For the salary of a clerk in the Clothing Bureau,
§700.
Mr. POLK explained thattheobject of thefirst
item was to increase the salary of a clerk already
employed, and that the second was not an addi-
tional chaige upon theGovernment,asacleikhad
been discontinued in the purchasing department,
his basiness having been chiefly transferred to the
Clothing Buieau.
Mr. AD AMS, of Massachusetts, wished to know
how long it had been the practice here to make
provision for "bureaus'!" He did not know that
any were authorized in this Government by law.
Mr. POLK remarked, the designation of bureau
was given to the heads of the departments. The
word had been used m former bills.
Mr. ADAMS moved to strike out the word bu-
reau wherever it occurred. If we sanctioned the
division of the department into bureaus, we must
necessarily add to the number of offices, by adding
an appendage of cleiks,&c, to each bureau. He
was not aveise to an mciease of public officers, if
rendered necessary by the increase of business;
but he would have every office constituted and
organized by law He would have the heads of
departments to understand, that if they ieoigan,ze
their departments so as to multiply offices, they
should at least inform us what new organization
they have adopted. He spoke m ignorance of the
matter, not having any means of information be-
fore him.
Mr. CAMBRELENG remarked, that the divis-
ion of duties made in the departments was conve-
nient and economical.
Mr. McKINLEY said, whether the name was
appropriate or not, he did not know; but thedivis-
lon ot duties adopted was indispensable to the con-
venient despatch of business.    The distubution I1
of labor was left by law entirely to the heads of ,|
departments                                                                   I
Mr. HORACE EVERETT said, if the appio- H
piiation bill had been confined to appiopnations
authorized by previous laws, there could have
been no delay of its passage.   As soon as it was
ascertained that an expense was authorized by law,
the appropriation would be allowed as a matter   ¡
of couise.    The framers of the bill having made (,
it the means of the cieation of new offices, must  I
bear the responsibility of the delay occasioned by .1
objections to it     He went on to uige objections j
against  this  mode  of  establishing  offices.    He ||
would like himself to see affixed, in every appro-  ¡
pnation bill, to every item, the law authorizing  i
it.                                                                                    |
Mr. FOOT suggested that there would be no
hesitation in passing the items in the appropriation I
bill, if those which were inserted for new offices or I
for increased amount, were withdrawn.   Other-,
wise, the honorable chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means must not be suiprised at the
opposition, and consequent delay, that should be
given to the bill
Mr. POLK explained.
Mr. McKAY considered that much of the ex-
pense aiose from tbe great numbei of offices, into
which the bmeiu wai divided, and the practice
which prevailed of appointing to them officeis of
the army, who ought lather to be left at their re-
spective posts. He proposed to the member fiom
Tennessee, that he would agree to the increase of
the compensation to be given to the Commissary
General of Purchase to what it was last year, if
he would coi&ent to strike out the item for the
clerk's salary. This would obviate the objection
there was,to bringingtheofficersof theaimyfiom
their posts, and would not militate against a proper
supply being voted for clothing.
The discussion on this item was continued by
Messrs.VANCE, JOHN a. ADAMS, and PAR-
KER.
And the question having been put on the mo-
tion to strike out the appropriation for a salaiy of
a clerk in the Topographical Bureau, the motion
was rejected: Ayes 63, noes 67.
The question then beingput on the second item,
the motion to strike out was rejected: Ayes 61,
noes 63.
The next item being for contingencies in the
office of the Commissioner of Pensions, $7,000.
Mr McKAY was opposed to the number of
extra clerks employed in the office, and desired to
know what cause there was for an increase. Thei e
was another item for salaries of additional clerks,
10,600 dollars. This, he thought, was wrong.
The Executive had Bo right to create additional
offices; it belonged to the legislative department
exclusively, and if this was agreed to, it was
placing this large sum at the disposition of the
President, who might employ as many oras few,
to receive this amount, as he pleased. Was this
right' Unquestionably not. It was contrary to
the spirit of the Constitution, which provided that
the President only had the right "to make ap-
pointments to offices established bylaw "' How
did it happen that, as the Secretary of War had
not asked $5,000 m.his estimates, it was now be-
come necessary'
Mr POLK, in reply, read a letter from the Sec-
retary of War, stating that this sum was deemed
necessary. He would also state that $40,332 were
appropriated last year, whilst only §29,400 were
propo&ed for this year. The appropnation of
$5,000 is to cover arrearages,and is not required for
this yeai, therefore, it wasnotproper to include it
m the others. He read a statement from the
Commissioner of the Pension Office, showing the
amount of duties and the clerks to perform them,
with their increase from 1802 to 1834. Also, one
with respect to the arrearage from the Comptroller
of the Treasury, which explained that the amount
asked for had been adj'usted, and the department
was responsible for it. He intended to move to
reduce the item from §7,000 to §6 500; which he
was led to believe would suffice.
Mr. WILLIAMS said, although it had been
necessary, heretofore, to employ the number of
clerks, it was not now. He wished to know what
number of applicants were now befoie the office
for pensions; for if the number was not large,
there vies no necess'ty for additional clerks
Mr POLK replied, there were thirty thousand
claims yet undecided upon; and read a further
statement, showing the necessity which existed
for the appiopnation
Mr FOOT inquired as to the propriety of the
appropriation foi $5,000 foi additional oi tempo-
rary clerk hire.
Mr. POLK read various statements to sustain
the application for it.
Mr FOOT had thought much of the increased
appropiiations for the Pension Office might have
been owing to the change of the pension agency
from the Bank of the United States—one of the
strongest acts of executive assumption of unau-
thorized power that came within his knowledge.
He desired, therefore, to kiow whether any of the
increase was owing to this'
Mr POLK. Not one dollar has been increased
on that account.
Mr. J. Q, ADAMS desired to know what was
the extraordinary pressuie that had arisen since
the estimates were first made
Mr  POLK replied, that it was impossible to
ascertain, fiom the accumulation of business, what
the precise amount would be when the estimates
were made in October.    The members had, on
coming to Congi ess, broueht with them various
and numerous cla>ms, which the Commissioner ¡
could not have had any knowledge of.    lie con- ,
sideied that the very nature of the bus'ness of the j
office rendered it impossible to tell the precise fence, ,
and it was incumbent on the office not to delay I
payments to those aged and poor pensioners, but
who could not teceive them until additional clerks
were employed to investigate the justice of their
claims.
Mr J Q.. ADAMS concurred, as much as any
member could, in the propriety of attending to
these claims. He was disposed, from the peisonal
attention, the personal knowledge which he had
of the gentleman at the head of the office, to pay
full credit to any and everything he should state.
But his inquiry not being answered, he would
move to strike out the item, m order to give the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
an opportunity of procuring better information aa
to the reason why this necessity was not antici-
pated or discovered before. If the Commissioner of
Pensions, or the Secretary of War, could satisfy
him of the necessity, he would not oppose it; but
it was necessary to have full information whether
the acts of the Executive, as alluded to by the hon-
orable member from Connecticut, [Mr. Foot,] had
any share in producing the incieased expense.
Mr. GRENNELL asked that action on the
items in relation to the office should be suspended,
considering that the information on which Con-
gress were called on to make appropriations was
of too general a character, whilst it should be in
detail. He desired to know how many of these
additional clerks had been employed on account
of depriving the Bank of the United States of the
agency.
Mr. POLK desired to correct a misstatement
which he had made. The expenditure last year
was §45,332, instead of $40,332 The saving this
yeai was $16,000. It was impossible to ascertain
precisely. Some allowance should be made for
those who evinced their desire. The gentleman
from Massachusetts had proposed if he wpuld
agree to stnke out, he would------
Mr ADAMS. No, sir. I said to the House-------
Mr. POLK. The gentleman smells out what I
was about to say-------
Mr. ADAMS The gentleman alludes to the
bargain. I desired not a bargain. I only want
information
Mr POLK. Our situations, although/made
no bargain, and I say it in perfect good humor,
were similar: he says he will do one thing, if I will
do another. So I said the last evening, and such
things may be done withoutanyimproperimputa-
tion upon the motives of any gentleman.
After some further remarks from Messrs. Mc-
COMAS, McKAY, CAMBRELENG, GREN-
NELL, SUTHERLAND, DICKSON, of New-
York, FOOT, and ADAMS,
Mr. WILLIAMS moved that the committee do
now rise' Lost—55 to 89
The debate was continued by Messrs. WIL-
LIAMS and SUTHERLAND; when
Mr WATMOUGH moved that the committee
use: Lost—52 to 94.
The question was then taken on the motion to
strike out the item appropriating g'i.OOO for addi-
tional clerk hire in the Pension Office. It waa
deteimmed in the negative.
Anothei motion was made for the committee to
rise, and ¡ejected.
Some conversation here took place between
Messrs. ADAMS, POLK, and FOSTER, in
regal d to the items making appropriations for con-
tingencies in the Pension Office.
Mr. Polk's \notion to reduce from $7,000 to
$6,500, also some verbal amendments proposed by
Mi. Adíiis to the appropriation for arrearages
and contingencies of the Pension Office, were
agreed to
Mr. BRIGGS moved that the committee do
rise
The motion was rejected—ayes 57, noes 82
The item for additional clerk hire for 1833
($31.731 44) being under consideration-
Mr. HARDIN referred to the gieat increase
which had taken place m the Post Office, as show-
mgan evident tendency on the part of the Admin-
istration to inciease the number of office-holders.
He desired to have some information on the sub-
ject.
After a remark or two between him and Mr.
SUTHERLAND, which excited much merri-
ment,
Mr. POLK rose and presented a statement from
