1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
345
dtotncts in that county. Would the gentleman
tell us near which of these he was born' But the
gentleman had spoken of a restoration of the vio-
lated Con3tituti< n and the laws, and Mr F asked
why did not those having tne power do something
to restore the Constin.iion aid laws' Why
appeal to the m noniy neit' The only measuie
that had been t>ubnnucd i ere for that purpose, was
the bill of the eeniiem in from Ma«s ichusetts, I ut
it sleeps upon your table in b'ier ce and quiet Let
us do our duty, and let 'I e result, if it be a failure,
fall on those who prevent it Ihese appeals to
the people weie unjust ti ! the law's were passed
The gentleman complained 'hat the President did
not retrace his steps Did any one doubt that the
President of the United bta'es was sat.sned that
tne best interests of the couitiy demanded the
couice which he pursued ' ar d did not overyl ody
) now that it was not possib'e fot moital man to
nduce him to do other than what he believed his
duty to ins coun'ry requned him to do'
Mr CLAY said it liad been a loi g time since I
) e was born. He thought that he was neaily as
old t.s theger tlemaiifiomGeorgia,[Mi Forsyth,]
but from a reference made the other day by that
" gentleman to a revolutionary incidei t, in which
General Washington, the father of his country,
was an acto1", I e supposed he was some years hi3
senioi. He was bom l ear the Court House, at
Black Tom Siash, neai the Meiry O iks, ard close ,
to S'. Paul's CnurcL, whtie he wei t to school '
Thegent'eman fiom Georgia had said, bethought
it was not decorous to ammadvert upon the con-
duct of Governors of State , but 1 e would tell that
gentleman that he must be pe' mitted t > ihink fi r
himself of what was decorous The gentleman
supposed that the Govei noi's mesage was a
damper here; but when he chose to shoot his
at rows here foi ptliucal effect, a>"d against h s
f >imer sentiments, h id he rot a light to make his
comments upon them Nupo'to i had £diu t'iat 1 e
was the State, and tne innabupnt ot the Wl ite
House had said that he w¡ sboih the Government
and the State. Mr. C said, what coa'd Vve do for
tne restoration of the laws, when we can have ro
cooperation by o'her depaitmeMs of the Govern-
ment' The gentleman had said the Piesident
would not retrace his steps Who .s he, and
what is he, that he will not rt'race his steps'
Govei nor Wolf had abandoned the tariff, internal
improvements, the bank, and ai'—all bad b-een
taken horn him. it lemn.ded Inm (said Mr C )
of an anecdote which occuired at the Whi'e Sul-
phur Spungs, in Vngi na A gent eniun, aftei he
had letucd to his colinge foi the night and liad
gone to bed, out hid not closed h s eves lot sleep,
saw gl'ue into his loom a tme'", who n aicbed di I
icctly up to his clothe"!, and drhbtiu'ely take fiom
them th  gentleman's ,> íse 1 he itxt m< ming,
when the company ns.d assembled at tne cenei d
rendezvous, (tie sp.ing,) ih  gtiit'emaii íelattd
his loss and the maiinei o1 it S i ne pe'sons asl id
him it he was awake, and would submit thus to be
roboel before his eyts ' He said it was a i tine,
and he had not only appiehe.isiins of losuit, Ins
money and his clothes, uu ica ly íeaied irom the
impudence of the lascal, 'hat lie should even be
lubbed of his shut It n> thus with the Goveinur
< f Pennsylvania He has lost all but Ins shut, and
doubtless he u in expectancy of having thai snip-
ped fiom his back Mi C futthei related ,.n
anecdote of an mteiview wnh a Uentiickian, and a
North Carqlinian,of Buncombeciunty •' W hat's
the news," imjuiied the Can iniaii, "in Ken
tu.ky"' "Oh, no.h tig par'icuhi," rejoined the
o'Lei, " save thai all oi.i peo| le fu.ve íq enieil < f
tin e.io. . f the i «ay. and have uetor.it ithuous
We have had gieat ievi.au>, gieat n |   u gs, and
the devil Las been tíi ven oM)f J.eb.utc " "And
whe.e has he been duven to'"ar vou?!} lnqnned
the Othei " VVhv.to Bunt milt, m Nouh Cno-
lma,"iesponded the Ken t rk.un And 1 s i| nose
the | lotest o. ti i V evident will al>o find leitige
in B m*. imbe, ISouh C no'ina
Mr MvKE\ti «shed foi the lerdmg of 'he
íesolu ion not a'ntued to the Gove.noi of Penn-
sylvania, which tne Seueniv lev. is follows
'■ Rtso'vctl, That while vve il.sipntve thevjcil-
¡ttnig oi tmieservi K pony of t.<e Govemoi ol
Pennsylvania, with ngidd to the P.i kuf'he U n-
Wl Slates, we highly commend the rum-e put sued
to AaiufeUial institution by Dame'Webaeijtiem y
Clay, John C  Calhoun, Horace Binney,and Mr.
McDufHe, and their associates in Congress."
Mr. McKEANsaidhe was awaie that the pub-
lic opinions of public men were public property,
and fair subjects of public animadversion; and if,
in these times of indiscriminate crimination and
recrimination, it became necessary, for political
effect, to include the name of the " unassuming "
Governor of " unaisummg Pennsylvania "with the
other distinguished names in the resolution, even
though the Governor should be charaetemed as
vascillatmg and time-serving, he would not give
himself much uneasiness on thataccount. lrue,
the Senator from Kentucky had enlaiged upon the
expressions in the. resolution, and even with that
1 e was not disposed to find fault It was the gen-
tleman's province to do so The Senator from
Virginia on his right [Mi Leigh] said the other
day, that he would not defend Virginia, for the
very fact cf an attempt to defend implied defectof
character. He was pleased with the maxim, and
would adopt it on this occasion The character
of the present Governoi of Pennsylvania could not
suffer fiom imputations cast upon it by gentlemen
here or elsewhere There was, however, oneallu-
Sion upon which he wished to say a word, it was
said that Governor Wolf held different opinions at
diffeient periods in reference to the Bank of the
United States Mr McK said, at the time first
alluded to, he ■stood in a relation to the Governor
which gave him an oppoitunity of understanding
minutely his Of nnons on the question of rechar-
tenng tne Bank of the United States, and it was
almost the only one upon which they diffeied.
Howcvei, he was at thattjmeopposed tothebank,
and he stated, as a mat'ei of his own knowledge,
thatGoveinoi Wolf vves then, and is now, in favor
of a national bank, and lit be'ieves the fiscal con-
terns i f the Government cannot get alorg without
i' He does think, however, tnat recent develop-
ment in relation to the management ot that ins'i-
tuti in are sufficient to ere-te doubts as to its influ-
ence upon the public morals
Mi. BROSV f-T said, if his Sítame majesty had,
at any ttni", left Kentucky and taken refuge in
Buncombe coun'y, North Carolina, it was certain
he had notalwaysremained mere since, torwhen
gentlemen, who had for s >me y ears past, and until
veiy recen'ly, stood as oppo&ite to each other
politically as the antipodes, bed been grouped
together in one of the icooluuons which had just
been read, (Messis. Ctay, Calhoun, Webstei,
McDuffie, and Binney,) and had by name received
the stioi g appioba'ion of the public meeting
whose p'ocettiinss weie then before the Senate, i
he thought that some supernatural agency must
have been employed to effect so mil aculous a lesull   '
The attack of the honoiablegentieman upon the I
Go/einoi  ot  Pennsylvania was  entirely out of j
piece and  uncalled tor.    The Governor of that
State vvas account ble to those fiom whom he '
dtiived I is cffical aulhonly, and to none others   !
The ¡senator Uom Ken'ucky had made it a serious I
cvu^e of complaint egainst that gentleman that he '
jlii uld coi tmue to sujipoit a Presulei f who had
done   mee i   to  arrest tne internal  impiovement \
&y '"ni, aid vv 1 o had aimed a des'ructive blow
ayimslthe tanfl     Mr  B. was 1 appy to hem jus-
tice do«e to the President on this sa jject     It had
been attempted, here and elsewneie, to depnvethe
Pi evident of the mei.t which the horoiable gen-
ilerran li""' ve y pnjierly ¡warded him, and the j
dec'iraiion which h  had mice on this occasion
shoul I be ler-eivti', r iv t id I eicaf'ci, a-e\ it1 ente
to estidi'ioh the c1; > ns of the present Administra   i
lion  to  the credit ot  1 a ii g done that fr whit h
thev weie ennil"d to the bis'icn commendation
i'bc cine ol  ti o G ivt nc\ of Pennsylvania, in
onpnsii'on  to the bi'ik.hud  done linn immoiul
honoi     T lie s mil vvui-h  the  ot tnolic Sate of
i cnn^vlv.mia 1   J u 1 en, had adued another just
cause of gi.tituie and  damnation  to t.ie niuiiy
otiiei> fun i~it-tl uv I ti hiiiory.fi i ttieü.-i iteiest-
ed an J hoi le ^xoa ,ne vvhrh si.e has set   Elevated
ahwetlit so n e.ce iai vfeeli  gs wh < i but too often
u ti tente Human a", on, Mie vvau oppo&eJ toc'ier-
l-lui g in hei bost in a pioul and conuptmoneyed
nit" opolv,   Winch  applies  to  bru g  the countiy
u> del it   atbitiaiy ton'io'     Phehonoiable gentle-
miii hid an ^taui'a ei his polifcal fuentls on the
tifMofne a.ui idmimstiation pauyin Han-
tvei, a jn.il vouuty ni Vu¿.uia.    Ml. B. said,if
the friends of constitutional liberty were destined
to witness the overthrow of those principles, in
quarters from which they might have expected
a voice animating and cheenng them in the great
contest which was now waging in opposition to
the mighty power of the bank, it was a source of
the highest satisfaction to perceive that the spirit
of the great Democratic party, in our country,
l continued firm and invincible, and that the great
body of the people were on the side of the country
| and against the bank.
,     The honorable gentleman had, m the course of
his remarks,appealed to what he had been pleased
to call the Whig party, ani urged them to exertion
I m the great contest which was now going on be-
1 tween the parties which divide the country.
Mr B would recur for a few moments to the
history of parties in England and in thiscountry,
to show what claim this newfangled and self styled
'i I-T/iig jimii/hadtothe appellation which they were
about to assert an exclusive title to.   In England,
if his memory did not much deceive him as to the
history of paities, the high tory party had gener-
t ally been among the strongest supporters of the
great moneyed monopoly which had so long ex-
| isted in that country, and wh'ch had been a part
1 of that formidable government machinery whose
i power and influence had been so effectually and
I successfully exerted to keep the many in subjection
to the will of the few    In the writings of the lllus-
I tnous Jefferson, published  since his death, he
| expresses the opinion that the Secretary of the
I Treasury, in 1791, favored the introduction of a
, national bank in the United S'ates, with a view of
i placing in the hands of the Government a powerful
engine to subseive party pui poses, and to assimi-
late our Govetnment, in its practical operations on
I the people, ¡still more to the English system of
government.
Mr. B. said that two great epochshad occurred
in our histoiy, between which and the p'resent
period, he thought he could peiceive many points
of resemblance When the people of this country
had solemnly determined to throw off the yoke of
the British Government, there was a party then
who endeavoied to alarm and intimidate them by
depicting the ruin and distress which would ensue
fiom it; but instead of listening to those panic-
makers and alanniüts,they were wil'mgto encoun-
tei any degree of danger and distress rather than
surrender their ngl ts as freemen They perse-
veied, and finally triumphed, when, if they had
listened to those who were continually proclaiming
rum and dalress they would have remained in in-
glorious bondage. In the late war with England;
the same attempts were made by the opposition
paity as now, to overawe the Govei nment aod the
people, by lepresenung the distress which an at-
tempt to vindicate the lights of the countiy would
bring on it  citizens The farmers and plantere
were told by the advocattsof suomission, that they
would be oveiwhe'med in iuin if the Government
went to vvai,butthe Vv h g lepubh^ans of that day,
as in the revolution, i evolved not to bealaimedby
panic-maners. They again perserved, and were
clowned with the most brilliant success. At the
piesent day there was a party in our country
which had endeavored to alaim the people into
suomission to the bank by the same course and
s trie cíes oí distress He had bnefiy endeavored
to nace, tne paiallel between those who had ap-
pealed to t1 > teais of their countrymen by sketch-
ing the mcugioomy pictures of dtstiest. at the two
gieat epoi lis alluded to, a' d the paity which was
now cuf'eHiorinf to accomp! ^h then objects by
like appes's. If jiuty designations vvtre to be
given, he left it to otneis to nk,ke the application
which the points of .tataiblance inditíued by him
vvouiu in a great de«iee justify
Mi B sud he fe't giatified that the condition of
the State oi Noith Caiotioa was such asm a gieat
degiee p'aced her ut./'os above the leach of the
gteit elf rts which ha! been fui eoms months
made to destroy confi Lnce thioughsut the coun-
try, to pioduee general embarrassment, and by
means such as tnesr.to effect a \ ohtical change in
ffvor of the party now out ot power Most of the
infoimalion whicn he had received from that State
confirm  I I im m the opinion that the condition of
hei iiti/tiib, eeneially, in relation to pecuniary
allsus, WtS sound and heal'hful, and that the
piospcuty ot hei independent farmeM and planters
