1884.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
Mi. W. also presented two puvate petitions.
Mr. FOSTER obtained leave to piesent a reso-
lution relative toa post route; which was referred
Mr POPE presented the proceedings of a pub-
lic meeting held in the city of Louisville, in the
State of Kentucky, or. the 3d of April, 1834 He
observed, that the address and lesolutions had
been received by him more than two weeks ago,
that he would take this ocras'on to observe, (so
that it might be known'to his constituents,) tnat
the rules of the House prohibited the presentation
of memorials and petitions on any other day than
Monday, that the two last Mondays had been
occupied with the presentation of memorials fiom
other States, and this was the very fiist oppoitu-
ntty that had offered for the purpose
Mi. P said thaf¡ so far as he could leain, the
persons composing the meeting were gentlemen
of fine practical sense, of character, of substance,
and whose interests were intimately identified with
the growth and prosperity of Lou'sville; that bad
government and unwise legislation would ailect
their interests as soon as it would those of any
other class of men of any other city. He said that
he had understood that the meeting was composed
of at least six hundied peisons, and that they
weie animated with unwonted enthusiasm, and
had adopted with acclamation the address and
lesolutions wh'ch he had the honor to present
They deprecate, in the strongest teims, the course
pursued by the Bank of the United States, piotest
against Us being rechartered; justify the removal
ot the public deposites from its custody, testify to
the sufficiency of the reasons assigned by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury for the act; and deny the
assertions of a late public meeting in that city,
that there was a great i eduction in the price of
pioduce and other articles, and intimate that they
could only have pioceeded from a desire to alaim
and agitate the public mind. Mr. P. concluded
by moving that the. proceedings be read, laid upon
the table, and printed
Mr R M JOHNSON presented two private pe-
titions; also, a memonal from 330 citizens ofGiant
county, in favorof the restoration of the deposites,
and complaining of a general depression of busi-
ness and prices; which was ordered to be punted.
Mr. MARSHALL presented a private petition.
Mr. CHILTON presented a memorial iron  cit-
izens of the town of Brandenbuig, praying the
interposition of Congress foi the relief of the coun-
try from present embarrassments. Laid on th¿
table and ordered to be printed.
Mr DAVIS presented a memorial from citizens
of Lawrence and Gieenup counties, on the sub-
ject of toe Bank of the United States. Laid on
me table and ordeied to be printed.
Mr. THOMSON, of Oh.o, presented the pro-
ceedings of a numerous meeting of the Democratic
Republicans of Salem, and its vicinity, with reso-
lutions expressing then appiobation ot the course
of the Government in legaid to the deposites and
the United States Bank, which wereiead,ordeied
to be printed, and laid on the table.
Mi. MITCHELL piesented the | etition of
'Abranam Boring, which wasrefenedto the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Also, a memorial irotn citizens of the twelfth
congi essional district of Ohio, disapproving of the
r-ieasures of the General Government in removing
the deposites from the Bank of the United States.
Also, a memorial from tljesame d,strict, in favoi
of the late action of the Secretary ot tt e Tieasury
in removing the puohc funds fiomtbe Bank of the
United States, and against its íechartei.
Mr. CASEY piesented the petition of sundiy
citizens of Edgpr countv, Illinois, praying the
establishment of a pc^t route, wnich, on his mo-
tion, was .efeirecl to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Pouds
Mr GODWIN presented a memor.al Irom cit-
izens of Cnnton county, in favor of the resto1 ation
of the deposites.
Mr. VANCE presented memorials from citizens
of Champaign coulty m favo, of tne restoiation
of the deposites
Mr. I.EAV'TT presented a memorial from
citizens ot Haruson coun'y, protest-ngagfinst the
recharter of the bank, and approving of the re-
moval of the depos.tes
All whioh were laid on the table and ordered to
be printed.
Mr WHITE, of Louisiana, presented memo-
nal  from citizens of Louisiana, repiesenting the
existence of much embarrassment and distiess in
that Stale, and duappiovmg of the course of the
Admimstiation in relation to the United States
Bar.k Read, laid on the table, and ordeied tobe
printed.
The SPEAKER presented a memorial from
sundry citizens of Louisiana, pi-aymg grants of
land. Referred to the Committeeon Pub'icLands.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented a petition
Mr EWING moved a suspension of the rules
to permit him to offer a resolution.   Negatived.
Mr. KINNARD presented the petifon of sun-
diy inhabitants of Bartholomew county, Indiana,
for the establishment of a post routefrom Shelby
ville, via Morven, Newhope, and Newbern, to
Geneva poet office, Jennings county
Mr CAGE presented several private petitions
and memorials.
Petitions were presented by Messrs. CASEY
and MARDIS.
Mi MURPHY presented the memonal of sun-
dry citizens of Dallas county, Alabama, praying
Congress to restore the deposites, and charter a
Bank of the United States, m such a manner as to
rendei it acceptable to the nation. Read, laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr ASHLEY presented seveial petitions.
Mr WATMOUGH asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up the joint resolution
from the Senate to direct the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings to water the Pennsylvania avenue.
Oojections having been made—
Mi W. moved a suspension of the rule, to en-
able him to offer it.
The House refused: yeas 80, nays not counted.
Mi. MERCER piesented some papers in rela-
tion to the Potomac budge, which were laid on
the table and ordeied to be punted.
Mr OSGOOD asked leave to present some reso-
lutions passed at a meeting of delegates from seve-
ral towns in his district, and also a memorial
signed by a large nunber of the legal votéis in said
distiict, relating to the piesent situation of the
countiy in regard to the currency, and asmng a
lestoratioji of the deposites to the Bank of the
United States. As these resolutions, and this me-
morial, weie accompanied by a letter of mstiuc-
tions to Mi O , he asked leave of the House to
submit some remarks in presenting them to its
consideration
The question having been taken on Mr. 0 's
motion, the vote stood—ayes 80, noes 23 (No
quorum )
Mr. CONNOR moved an adjournment; which
was rejected, yeas 66, nays 81
On a second motion for leave to permit Mr. OS-
GOOD to explain, the vote stood 81) to 16. (No
quotum )                                                                       |
Mr WARDWELL renewed the motion to I
adjourn, which pievailed, and
The House adjourned.
Public Lands, reported a bill granting an entire
township of land, to be located in the State of Illi-
nois or Territory of Michigan, to be di vided among
the two hundred and thirty-five Polish exiles sent
to tne United States by the Empeior of Austria.
The leport and bill were read, and, together with
the petition, oideVed to be punted, and made the
special order of the day for Thursday week.
RESOLUTIONS.
The foHowirg resolutions were submitted:
By Mr. CHAMBERS.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Tieasury be
directed to inform the Senate whether any other
Treasury drafts, called at the depaitment " trans-
fer drafts," on the United States Bank, have been
drawn since his ¡eport of the 11th December, 1833,
and the pmpose to wh ch the amount.,of such
drafts, if any, have been applied.
By Mr SWIFT:
Raohed, That the Committee on Pensions be
instiucted to inquire into the expediency of ex-
tending to Ebenezer Hart, of Vermont, a revolu-
tionary soldier, the benefits of the act of Congress
of June 7th, 1832, granting pensions to the offi-
cers and soldiers of the revolutionary aimy.
On motion of Mr. W1LKINS, the Senate took
up the memorial piesented some days ago, from
the district of Hanover, York county, in Penn-
sylvania, on the subject of the removal of the
deposites.
Mr. WILKINS spoke at length, in answer to
Mr. Clay's remarks upon the late conduct of
Governor Wolf, in relation to the Bank of the
United States, a full report of which will be given
in a few days.
Mr. W was followed by Mr CLAY and Mr.
MANGUM, in a few incidental remarks.
Mr WEBSTER gave notice that he should
to morrow mo\e the consideration of an appro-
priation bill from the House of Repiesentatives,
which required the immediate action of theSenate.
Mr. WEBSTER, also gave notice that, afler
the transaction of the morning's business, he
should move the Senate to proceed to executive
business.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being Mr. Bibb's amendment
of Mi. Pousdexter's lesolutions on the protest
of the President of the United States.
Mr. GRUNDY rose, and addressed the Senate
until four o'clock, against the amendment and
resolutions; when
Mr. CLAY obtained the floor, and after a few
remarks in reply, moved an adjournment, but
gave way to
Mr. MANGUM, to make an explanation;
When, on motion of Mr. CLAY,
The Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
TLESD«'. J/)ii¡a9, 1834.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a report
from the Secie aiy of the Senate, stating that he
had, m compliance with the lesoiution of the
Senate of the llJi instant, prepaied a list of the
1 signatuieo to memonal >, both for and against
the removal of the deposites f.om the Bank of the
United States
Mr CLAY moved that one thousand copies of
the report of the Secietaiybe printed, but with-
drew his mofon upon the suggestion of Ml For-
síiíi, with an intimation that he would lenew it
to-moiiow.
PETITIONS.
Mr BELL presented a memo'ial, signed by
about 4)0mhahitan s of Somei-worth, «nil anothei
signed by aboat 500 citizens of Dover, in New
Hampshire, praying t!,at the deposites may be
i estored to '! e B ink of the United States, and that
that institution may be iechait ied
After some remaiks by Mr BELL, the memo-
rials v.eie lead, referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance, and ordered, to be punted
REPORTb OF COMMITTEES.
Mr rOINDEXTER, from the Committee on
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tiesday, .¡tpiii29, 1834.
Mr. LINCOLN moved the suspension of the
íules m order to offer a resolution proposing a
series of inquiries in relation to the Post Office
Department; and thereupon he asked the yeas
and nays, which were oidered.
The question being taken, the motion was agreed
to, yeas 1Ü3, nays 50.
The resolution was then submitted, and is as
follows:
Revived, That the Postmaster General be directed
to lay befoiethis Housea statement of thenumber
and names and dates of the appointments respect-
ively of the clerks, sgents, and other officers and
persons employed in his department, (other than"
postmasteis and pei sons employed in the respective
post offices,) and of the distribution and assignment
of the appropriate duties oí each, and especially of
th e character of the services requn ed of the Solicitor
and clerks of the Solicitor's office; and the duties
and official employment of each of the persons who
m the register of the offices and agents of the Gov-
ernment called the "B'ue Book,"aredenominated
clei ks of appoint nent, and that he also inform the
House from what,/w?ií¿ or appropiuihon all the offi-
cers and persons employed m his department have
received their compensation. And that he be *
further directed to state to this House to what
corporations or indiv iduals (if any) the Post Office
