356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MayJ,
changed,but might they not come back' Mr G
did notthmk it stiange that there should be changes
in our huge cities. They wereauffeimg distiess,
and they had been told that the President was the
cause oí it, but when they examined this matter,
they might find out that the cause of it was of a
very different nature. Mr G thought the answer
of the gentleman from Kentucky to his speech was
sufficient, and yet the gentleman from Maryland
eomes in and adds a new codicil to the will, and
the codicil (a thing that is very uncommon) is
longer than the will itself. Mr G. said, he did
not like personal remarks. He knew himself to
be weak, vulnerable, and very imperfect, and
therefore he did not like to be assailed.
Mr. CHAMBERS inquired what he had said
which had gueved the honorable member >
Mr. GRUNDY replied, that he had not been
grieved at anything the honorable member had
said. The burden he had imposed on him was
light, and easy to be borne. But what he said in
his speech had been answered, and he took excep-
tion to having it answered over again. But he
would add nothing more upon these memorials;
but if they came from his State, be would endeavor
to do them justice. These memorialists had taken
up a subject, and decided that, in the absence of
all legislative purposes, where there is no design,
avowed or implied, of legislative action, either
House of Congress has a right to take up the con-
duct of any individual, discuss it, and decide upon
it. If we should adopt this course, we would have
but little time for legitimate legislation. We
should try the President, and condemn him, and
then the Secretary of State, and then take up Gov-
ernor Wolf, if you please, and decide on him; and
so go on and decide upon all other officeis in the
Government against whom we may entertain pre-
judices. Then we should take up the Governor
of South Carolina, and Mr. G. thought he would
be in a \ery bad way; he would probably be hung
by the sentence of this body We should then
proceed to examine all the public men in the coun-
try. Well, this might all be right, but he thought
we should not have full time to make all these ex-
aminations, lie thought we came here to make
láVs, and provide for the public good and geneial
welfare, but if we were to give opinions on all the
public men in the country—it might be a more
pleasant employment, and perhaps, in the opinions
of some gentlemen, redound more to the good of
mankind to censure public men, than make laws—
we should do little else. He would not, there-
fore, subscribe to the doctnne that'we have a right
merely to express an opinion, and especially for
the Senate, because we are the ultimate tneis of
all officers of the General Government; and if we
have a right, beforehand, to enter judgment, im-
peachment is a mere matter of form. He could
not, therefore, concur in the seu/iments expressed
by the citizens of Baltimore.
Mr. CHAMBERS here expatiated at some
length upon the cognomen of Whig, adopted by
the parties in opposition to the Administration
Mr  GRUNDY replied that he yielded lo the
gentleman from Maryland entirely, as a soldiei of
age and experience, for he would not  enter the
ranks with him.   But the gentleman said that he
(Mr G ) had entered into the ranks of the Jack-
son party, and must soon leave the name; for
Jackson must die, and with that event the name
But (Mr. G. remai ked) the Jefferson party did not
expire with his administration or his life.   It has
grown up since into thiee 01 four parties.    Were i
theie not three or four Jeffeison dinneis given
lately '   He (Mr G ) was invited to one of them
in Philadelphia, although ne did not go, and what
wa3 perhaps worse, neglected to send an apology.
But  the gentleman  from  South  Carolina [Mr
Preston] was there; and the gentleman near me
[Mr. Forsyth] was at another of them, the one I
to which he (Mr. G ) had been invited; so that !
he did not know how it might be at the death of
General Jackson     Now, he (Mr. G.) would say |
no more on this occasion—the gentleman from
Maryland did not understand him, and he could I
not make him understand him.   These memoual- '
ists weie Whigs, and Mr. G. would not deny it. ]
But good things were not made exclusively for
any set of men, they were made for all mankind
And when a man was making a monopoly of a
good thing, he did not think he was doing right. I
So, if one man, or party of men, shall, by force,
appropriate the whole territory of a nation to htm-
seli or themselves, and refuse the rights of appro-
piiation to otheis, it would be wiong. No w, Whig
belongs to alt friends of their countiy in common.
The term Chiistian includes a variety of religious
sects; yet, if one sect should set themselves up
and say that we alone are Christians, would it not
look like crowding the otheis out? In the same
sense Mr. G. understood the term Whig, and let
us all stand together as Whigs, and let our partic-
ular or peculiar political tenets be judged of by
our country.
Mr CLAY said the gentleman from Tennessee
had alluded to the change of his opinions in favor
of the bank. That change was made upon the
most mature deliberation and conviction of the
necessity of a bank, and he was willing to leave
it to posterity to judge ot the sufficiency of his
reasons for changing. He was opposed to the
bank id Wlli and in 1816, the experience of the
war resulted in the establishment of the present
Whig bank. No public man had a right to change
but upon long deliberation and good reason, but
Governor Wotf had changed in three days, and
without ary alteiation in the state of the case
Mr GRUNDY replied that he had no doubt of
the smceie honesty which produced the change in
the gentleman fiom Kentucky in reference to the
bank, and he need not look to posterity to do him
justice. Some of his political adversaries already
did him justice, more than others would do Gen-
eral Jackson, it he were brought before us for an
infraction of the Constitution and laws. Governor
Wolf was convinced of the propriety of his course.
He had no acquaintance with Go vernorWolf. He
had heard the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
McKean] say he had acted with him in Congress
for six years, he was the Secretary of the Com-
monwealth while Governor Wolf was the Chief
Magistiate of Pennsylvania, and that he was a
man of great firmness and decision. It did«Rot
always depend on time whether a man should
change his opinions or not, but upon surrounding
circumstances. A state of things might exist which
would teach hisjuJgmentthenecessity of changing
But it was said that he (Mr. G ) had delivered a
speech in favor of nullification. He did not know
how that was, but if he did, he had been severely
punished for it, and if he had now abandoned it,
he stuck closely to State rights. He had been
pressed so hard upon nulh6cation, that he found
it dangerous grou-id to stand on, and he had just
moved a little off to the State rights ground. But
he repented sinceiely, and the citizens of Ten-
nessee generously and magnanimously forgave
him for the tempoiary dereliction, if indeed he was
guilty of any. And now, he was not willing to
call the Nullifiers traitors, because they loved their
countiy. But this Whig bank of 1816—Mr G.
said it was the first time in all his life that he had
heard a bank called a Whig Now, what were
the punciples of the Whigs ot the time of Charles
II, when it was said the party originated ' Why
they were against royal prerogative and against
corporate rights of every kind And if we were
in favor of pierogative we were not in favor of great
moneyed monopolies. If we have prerogative on
one side they have monopolies on the other.
Mr. McKÉAN thought these untimely desultory
discussions had at least produced one beneficial
result. It had, on this occasion, taught us that,
wi en we were laying snares foi oui neighbois,
how liable we were to get caught ourselves. The
two honorable Senatois from Kentucky and Ten-
nessee [Messrs Ciay and Gexndy] had succeeded
cdmirably in fixing on each other the charge of
inconsistency, if an honest change of opinion could
thus be characterized This had grown out of the
introduction of the name of Goveinor Wolf into
the debates upon the presentation of memorials.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky seemed to
think, if a certain degree of inconsistency could be
fixed on him, he might then consent to be asso-
ciated with Governor Wolf. After what has been
exhibited, whether the gentleman would think
that further proof of his qualifications were neces-
sary, he would leave for him to decide, and much
as the Governor and his friends might desire the
association, it would not become them to so'icit
the connection. But it seemed now that the de-
gree of consistency was to be estimated by the
length of time it took to change an opinion. The
gentlemen had both changed on the sub|ect of the
bank, but they had taken more time to do so than
Goveinor Wolf had, as had been alleged But he
denied that there was any positive proof that Gov-
ernor Wolf had changed. He, however, did not
pietend to doubt that Governor Wolf's opinions
of the present bank had undergone some change.
But he (Mr. McK ) had stated on a former occa-
sion as a matter of his own knowledge, and would
now repeat, that Governor Wolf's opinion as to
the utility and necessity of a national bank had
not changed His principal object, however, in
rising, (Mr. McK. said,) was to take notice of an
assertion made the other day by the Senator from
Kentucky, and which he had in substance repeated
to-day, viz: that he [Mr. Clay] could prove in a
court of justice that Governor Wolf, three days
prior to the 26th of February last, promised to
send a message to the Legislature of a directly
opposite character to thatwmchhe communicated
on that day. He did not doubt that the Senator
had been so mfoimed, therefore, what he intended
to say could not be considered as alluding person-
ally to the honorable gentleman, and it was not
probable the gentleman would have an opportu-
nity of adducing his proof in a court of justice: he
would put the question directly at issue, and would
now assert that he questioned the veracity of any
man who would make such a declaration, and
from this point he would not be driven by any-
thing but the testimony itself.
.Mr CLAY said the Senator from Pennsylvania
would, he presumed, do him the justice to say,
that he had not, on this occasion, introduced the
name of the Governor of Pennsylvania. It was
introduced by the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Grundy,] but with regard to the promise of the
Governor, Mr. C said he had it fiom a gentleman
of i espectabihty, whose word would be as readily
believed as Governor Wolf's.
Mr. McKEAN said, then I repeat my assertion
in unequivocal terms, that 1 question the veracity
of any man who has, or may make such a decla-
ration, and I challenge the gentleman to produce
his pi oof
Somefurther remarks were madeby Mr CLAY
and Mr. GRUNDY, when, on motion of
Mr. P0INDEX1ER, the memorial was laid
upon the table.
At half past four o'clock, on motion of
Mr. WEBSTER, the Senate proceeded to the
consideration of executive business, and, after
some time spent therein,
The Senate adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 1, 1834.
Mr. J. Q, ADAMS, agieeably to notice, asked
leave of the House to introduce a bill to piohibu
the Corporations of Georgetown, Alexandna,and
Washington, fi cm issuing pi omissory notes otan y
denorr>ination less than ten dollars. Leave being
granted, the bill was, on motion of Mr Adams,
íefened to the Committee on the Dibtrict of Co-
lumbia.
Mr LINCOLN rose and said he had just seen
in the official paper, published in this cuy, some
aspersions cast upon an honorable colleague of his
and himself. Mr. L. was proceeding to make
some remarks, when he was called to order by the
Chair, who stated that the subject to which he re-
ferred was not before the House
Mr LINCOLN (hen asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up, for consideiation,
a resolution which he submitted on Tuesday last,
makirg sundry inquiries in relation to the admin-
istration of the Post Office Department.
An objection being made, Mi. L moved a sus-
pension of the rule, and thereupon called for the
yeas and nays, which were ordered.
The question being taken, it was determined in
the negative Yeas 93, nays G2, (not two-thirds )
Mr ASHLEY repoited a bill providing forcer-
tain surveys of the public lands, which was read
twice.
Mr. A moved the engrossment of the bill, and
Mr. CONNOR us commitment to the Commit-
tee of the Whole, in the regular roun e.
After  some conversation, on motion of Mr.
