358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
principles under that arrangement, for which we
had been contending for thirty years, and which
ultimately would be of high advantage to the
country
Mr CAMBRELENG rose to speak on the sub-
ject, but calls being made foi the question, he
yielded the floor
Mr. HORACE EVERETT rose to ask whether
the power was claimed by the President to make
appointments during the recess' His object was
to have a disclaimer of this power from the friends
of the Administration He put the question to
the chanman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr ARCHER said it was not for him to say
how others construed the Constitution He con-
strued it for himself, and the gentleman ftom Ver-
mont construed it for himself. But thinking that
the Executive had no right to make appointments
during the recess, he was bound to think that he
would not attempt to exeicise the right He be-
lieved it was the intention of the President, as he
had stated to the House, to make nominations
dunng the session, if nothing occurred to render it
unnecessary, and he couldVnot even imagine the
occurrence of any circumstances which would ren-
der it unnecessary Heexpiessed the hope that
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mi Davis]
would withdraw his amendment We had the
right to íefuse appropriations, but not to annex
conditions to them
Mr DAVIS said, that after the declaration on
the part of the Administration, his amendment
would imply no want of confidence in the Execu-
tive Tne gentleman, he-thought, was mistaken
in supposing that we could not íestnct appropria-
tions. What was the- meaning of specific ap-
propriations ' Was it not appropriations limited to
specific objects ' He had used the language which
was always used to effect Imitations
Mr B1NNEY was sorry, he said, to see the
proposition of the gentleman fiom South Carolina
substituted for thatofthegentleraan from Connecti-
cut It was not customai y to qualify our appropri-
ations. We made no appropi lations foi salaries,
unless upon the supposition that they are to be
made use of for constitutional appointments The
condition proposed could not be introduced, un'ess
we believed that the money would be e^penJedfor
salaries of mimsteis unconstitutionally appointed,
and, if so, the best way would be to sinke out th'e
appiopi lation altogether He should vote against
the amendment, and renew the proposition of the
gentleman fiom Connecticut. He went into some
íemarks mi opposition to the appropriations
Mr BEARDSLEYsaid it was admitted by the
gentlemen fiom Massachusetts and Pennsylvania
that we ought to be represented at the Court of
St James by a minister of the first grade He
did not understand any one on this flooi as con-
troverting this opinion, except the gentleman fiom
South Caiolma, who, in rjis remarks yesterday,
expressed the opinion that we needed no minister
there, but from his íemarks to-day, and his amend-
ment, he inferred that even he was desnous of
having a minister appointed to Great Britain, pro-
vided he should be appointed by the President,
with the advice and consent of the Senate As
fai as he could collect the sentiment of the com-
mittee, it was, that we should have a minister.
What, then, he would ask, was the duty of this
House' Is it not to piovide the salary ' Are we
to look beyond that, and ask whether the Presi-
dent will appoint a proper person, or make the
appointment in a proper manner' Were we to
withhold the appropriation because the President
may appoint a minister in an improper way, or a
way winch we may consider unconstitutional'
This was a ground never taken befoie—not in the
discussion on the Panama mission Mr B thought
that if we performed our own duty—if we deter-
mined that we would have a minister, and made
the proper appropriation, we might well leave it to
the President and the Senate to perform their duty
What had we to do with the appointments ' Noth-
ing. In reference to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, he remarked, that
we might, with equal propriety, ingraft a similar
qualification on all other appropriations—on those
for the heads of departments and then subordi-
nates, and refuse them all anycompensation.unless
they are appointed by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate. Was there any precedent
for such a course' We might say that we would
not pay them, unless they were constitutionally
appointed. But there were two constitutional
ways of making ¡inpointments—one with, and
another without, the consent of the Senate. Whei e
was the precedent for such a limitation' It was
altogether new. As to the annunciation from the
State Department, it appeared to him to be merely
to the effect, that if the President should think the
public interest required that a minister should be
sent to England, he would do his part, by making
the nomination. This was the fair, if not the
strict, construction of the words—words which
were taken down, not by the Secretary of State,
but by the chan man of the Committee on Foreign
Relations. We had, then, the assurance that the
President would act. -
But it was said that we have facts and circum-
stances to show that his design was, to refiam
from performing his duty till the Senate adjourned,
to the end that he might then exert the power of
appointment fiee from the control of the Senate.
'If he did believe this, he would still vote for the
appropriation. He would perform his o«.n duty,
and leave the President to perform his, in good
faith or in bad faith; and if the President per-
formed it in bad faith, he would hold him rebpon-
sible for it to this House. After some further
íemarks, Mi B expressed the hope, that not
only the amendment of the gentleman from South
Carolina would be rejected, but any other wh.ch
contemplated a qualification or refusal of the ap-
propriation, if the House believed that we ought
to have a mission to England
Mi CHILTON lose, amidst loud cal's for the
question, and spoke at some length against the
appropriations for the missions to England and
Russia
Mr LANE said it was not his intention to
detain the committee by making a speech, nor
would he follow the example of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Chilton,] by saying he
would not make a speech, and then speak a half
hour and say nothing about the subject
It was h\-> object to call the attention of the
members of the committee, and particularly those
who had taken part in the debate, to the position
in which they stand The bill contains an appro-
priation for the pay of Mimsteis to England and
Russia. The motion is to amend by striking it
out
Spread the arguments of gentlemen in favor of
this motion upon the canvass, and what (said Mr.
L ) is the picture' It is admitted by all, that such
ministers should be appointed as are called foi by
the honor and tiiebestinterestofthis Government,
and due to the best of these couits. It is also ad-
mitted that before such appointment can be consti-
tutionally made, the appropriation must be granted
by this House To accomplish this object, the
same gentlemen, m the same arguments, and in
the same breath, urge the striking the appiopna-
tion from the bill This (said Mi L ) is the pic-
ture as drawn by gentlemen themselves, and he
would now call upon the committee, and particu-
larly those who had contributed to the draft, to
look upon it, if they can, without a blush
One woid (said Mr L.) for his honorable and
eloquent fnend from Pennsylvania, [Mr Bisr-
\ty ] This honorable gentleman had said he
would vote for the appropriation, provided he
could be assuied that the President would send
the nominations to the Senate during the present
session of Congress.
A letter is read from the Secretary of State by
the honorable  chanman  of Foreign   Relations,
stating it was the intention of the Piesidentof the
United States to make these nominations during
the session   And behold, the gentleman says this
is both satisfactory and conclusive to his mind,
that the President will wait all after the close of
the session, and then make the appointments,
without the advice and consent oitthe Senate
This, to his mini, (said Mr L ,) was a strange
conclusion, even " passing strange "'   It brought
to his recollection (said Mr   L ) the story of a |
young, artless, but credulous girl    A youn? gen-
tleman, for whom, in the sequel of the story it ap-
peared, she had some kind tender thoughts, made '
her a visit     They walked out in the evening, the ,
silence was broken by his saying the moon was '
full and bright. Not the least objection to marry
you, sir, was the ready reply. So fond of her
lovei, so willing to marry, that she took moon fcr
marry. So witn the honorable gentleman. He
is so fond of opposition—so willing to rate at the
appropriation, that when the President says he
intends to nominate dunng the session, he is un-
derstood to say he will not.
Mr. J. REED briefly replied to Mr. Beardsley
and Mr. Adams, expressed the grounds of hia
objection totheamendment moved by Mr. Davis,
who modified his amendment, and made a few
remarks in reply to Mr. Adams
The question was then taken, and negatived,
without a division
Mr. FOOT renewed his motion to strike out the
woids " Great Britain and Russia."
On the call of Mr. COULTER, the question on
striking out was put separately, and negatived.
Yeas 69, nays 101.
The item appropriating $58,500 for salaries of
charges d'affaires to Portugal, Denmark, Sweden,
Holland, Turkey, Belgium, Brazil, Buenos Ayi es,
Chili, Peru, Mexico, Central America, and New
Granada, having been read—
Mr ADAMS, after some remarks, wished to
inquire what information had been communicated
as to the mission to the eight places last named.
Mr. ARCHER rose to reply, but gave way to
Mr PATTON, who moved the committee rise,
which was carried, and
The House adjourned
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 2,1834.
PETITIONS.
Mr. PRENTISS presented the proceedings of
a convention of delegates from the several town3
of Windsor county, Vermont, and also a memo-
rial signed by fifteen hundred and fifty-one inhab-
itants of that county, in favor of the restoration of
the deposites to the Bank of the United States,
and in favor of theiecharterof the said institution;
which were read, referred to the Commute  on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SWIFT presented a memorial, of asimilar
chaiaeter, from inhabitants of Addison county,
Vermont, upon which a like order was taken.
Mr WEBSTER presented a memorial from a
large number of citizens of Boston, on the subject
of the existing state of the coins of the country.
Mr. W said the memorialists complained that the
disparity in the real value of the gold and silver
coins compared with their nominal value, and also
the expiration recently of certain laws making for-
eign coins a legal tender m payment of debts, had
produced considerable inconvenience in the com-
mercial woild. Mr W. moved the reference of
the memorial to the Committee on Finance, and
he would use the occasion to say that the commit-
tee had had abdl under consideration and in prep-
aration for some weeks past, applicable to this
subject, and the same matter was also under con-
I sideration in the other end of the Capitol So
' that the memorialists would perceive that their
wishes had been anticipated m a great measure by
Congress.
The memorial was referred.
Mr EWING presented a memorial, signed by
about seven bundled and fifty inhabitants of Ross
county, Ohio, and another signed by about one
hundred citizens ofVermillion township, Richland
county, Ohio, both in favor of the restoration of
the deposites and the recharter of the Bank of the
United States
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of certain
Choctaw chiefs, and also to be discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of the
Trustees of the Indiana Teachers' Seminary;
which was agreed to.
Mr MOORE, froa  the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill from the House of
Representat'ves, with an amendment, for the re-
lief of the legal representatives of Joseph Torry,
deceased
Also, a bill from the House, with an amend-
