360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
A bill for the relief of Captain Ephraim Whit-
A 'bill for the relief of William Minor; and
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Dr. William
Johonnot.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to executive business, arid after spending
some time therein,
Adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Feidat, May 2, 1834.
Mr. JAR VIS called up the resolution heretofore
presented by him, providing for the appointment
of a committee to inquire into the causes of the
failure of the Bank of Washington and Patriotic
Bank, with the amendment proposed by Mr.
Hardin, extending the inquiry into the state of
the Bank of the Metropolis.
No objection being made the resolution was
read.
Mr. CHILTON, who was entitled to the floor
from a previous day, consumed the hour appro-
priated to morning business,man animated speech
in favor of the amendment, in which he contended
that the Bank of the Metropolis had violated its
charter by issuing notes of a less denomination
than five dollars. Before he had concluded his
remarks,
Mr. BOON called for the orders of the day.
SPECIE TENDER BILL.
The engrossed bill for making certain foreign
silver coins a legal tender in the United States was
read a thud time.
Mr FILLMORE objected to the provisions of
the bill as he understood them. Its object was to
provide that in payment of all sums over one hun-
dred dollars ceitam foreign coins should bea legal
tender, according to their weight and fineness
Now,m practice it would be very inconvenient for
the person making a payment not only to weigh
but assay the coin. He thought it should be pro-
vided that, if the coin bore a certain recognised
stamp, the burden of showing its inferiority to the
standaid of that stamp should be cast upon the
objecting party. Besides,the weighing was veiy
inconvenient. He would much prefer having
foreign coins made a legal tender by tale, as they
were now in the ordinary circulation of the coun-
tiy.
Mr. C. P. WHITE said the making foreign
coins a tender by tale, would entnely defeat the
object of the bill, which was to give such coins
currency in large payments only at their intrinsic
value, keeping the general escalation of the coun-
try supplied with" our own coinage
Mr. BURGES thought the bill provided for
going back into the practice of ancienttimes when
gold and silver was current only by weight. In
modern times metallic currency is stamped and
passes fcom. band to hand by tale. He was totally
opposed to the making of mere bullion a lawful
tender.   This was the practical effect of the bill
Mr CAMBRELENG Ifgentlemen will recur
back a few years, they will perceive the necessity
for this hill Formerly the Spanish milled dollars
formed nearly the whole metallic currency of the
country, and were a legal tender The countries
where these dollars had been coined had thrown
off their dependence on Spain, and now issued the
republican dollar of Mexico and the South Amei-
lcan States, which, with the five frank pieces,
formed a great portion of our metallic currency.
This bill merely proposes to make these coins a
legal tender at their actual value He could per-
ceive no substantia] grounds for objection to this
These coins now circulated by common consent
Most of them were better than our own in point
of business     He hoped the bill would pass.
Mr FILLMORE apprehended his objection
was not understood These coins weie in gen-
eral circulation. He could therefore see no reason
why they should not be made a tender for small
debts as well as large, and by ta.e The stamp
should be puma facte evidence of the fineness of
coins
Mi GORHAM said the inconvenience to be
obviated by this bill was to provide that large
debts might be paid by the foreign coin !, instead
of their being merely pieces of sliver without legal
value. It was not proposed to lessen the circula-
tion of our own coinage. That was still exclu-
sively to be used in small payments. But our
coinage was insufficient to meet all the large com-
mercial transactions. Besides, the Mexican dol-
íais were in fact actually worth about one-half per
cent, more than our own.
Mr. BURGES contended that the public would
never be satisfied with the operation of this bill,
unless it provided that the dollar should pass by
tale.
Mr. WILDE had formerly bestowed some atten-
tion to this subject, at a time when he belonged to
the committee with the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. C. P. White,] and when it had also been his
fortune to introduce a resolution respecting thegold
and silver currency of the counti y. He was fully
satisfied that the present bill ought to pass Tne
coins ot all the South American States and Mexi-
co were still coined in their original weight and
fineness, except Colombia. In fact they weie half
per cent better than our own coins. A person
who carries ninety-nine of these dollars and one
half dollar to the Mint is entitled to receive two
hundied American half dollars. All the expense
he is subjected to is the delay of coinage. It will
be bettei to make these coins a tender at their in-
trinsic value, than to subject the country to the
expense of recoinage.
After a further explanation by Mr. GORHAM,
in reply to Mr BURGES,
Mr. COULTER contended that the subject was
of so much importance, that furthei examination
should be given to it He could not consent to a
law which, to all practical purposes, provided that
a debt of 100 dolíais might be discharged by 99
dollars and a half dollar. This was giving too
much privilege to the banks, who would ledeem
their bills in such coin alone.
Mr. SELDEN observed that considerable hostil-
ity was unexpectedly manifested to this bill, and
it seemed to him without adequate cause. His
attention had been directed to Us provisions more
particularly, in consequence of receiving informa-
tion- from some of his constituents of the necessity
of enlarging the quantity of silver coin which might
be used as a legal tender.
The propriety of adopting the dollars of the re-
publics of South America and Mexico and the five
franc pieces, for the purpose, had been examined
by gentlemen who had a correct knowledge of the
puuty and value of these coins, and the benefit and
necessity of rendering them available in the pay-
ment of debts. They had, with a good deal of
sohcilude, urged the subject upon the attention of
many members of this House
When the immense dispropoition between the
amount of debts to he paid and the medium wheie-
with they can be legally paid is considered, few can
doubt the necessity of some legislation in the mat-
ter. Although it is pretty well asceitamed that
there are upwards of twenty millions of specie in
the United States, yet it is said that not more than
four millions consist of coins which constitute a
legal tender undei our laws, the balance consists
principally of the dolíais and com referred tona
this bill. It is estimated that the contracts to be
fulfilled and paid by and to banks and money cor-
porations alone, amount, in this country, to four
hundred millions of dollar?, which would allow
one dollar of legal currency for one hundred dol-
lars of debt And the immense amount of engage-
ments existing between individual and individual,
and we cannot but perceive the difficulties nowex-
istmg, and the necessity of correcting them so far
as we can
The objections taken to some of the provisions
of the bill, do not appear well founded The fiist,
is that suggested by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. He thinks, as some of these coins are a
half per cent above the actual value of the dollar
of the United States, and as they are to pass by
weight, and not by tale, that an individual who
holds a hundred dollars of bank notes, and pre
sents them for i edemption, will receive only ninety-
nine pieces of these coins and one of our own half
dollars in full, and that, as they are not a leo-al
tender for sums under one hundred dollars, he can-
not pay them out at the rate at which he was com-
pelled to receive them It may be suggested to the
honorable gentleman, that his constituents would
avoid the difficulty entnely by presenting to the
bank less than one hundred dolíais of bills at a
time. Divide the bills into different parcels, less
than $100, and for each of them these coins are
not a legal tender, either by weight or tale Pay-
ment must be made m other coins, dollar for
dollar. This opeiation may render the bill less
extensive in effect than is now anticipated. Yet
it is only intended for large transactions, such as
balances between banks.
Another objection is started, not pressed, by my
colleague, [Mi Cahbreleng ] He knows of no
reason why the tender should not apply to debts
less than $100. The answer seems plain, inas-
much as these coins are to pass by assay and
weight, and not by tale, the difficulty of ascertain-
ing their value renders them unfit to be used as a
legal tender in the minor contracts. The inconve-
nience would be too gieat For small sums, our
own coins will supply the deficiency.
Again, it is asked, why does not the bill provide
for making these coins a tender at once by tale'
The answer is at hand We shall be exposed to
the effect of a depreciation of the value, either by
diminution or adulteration of the coins. In other
words, we would give the Governments of these
countries the power of diminishing the value or
standard of our cnculatmg medium. This will
never do The object of this bill is to increase the
quantity of silver which may be used in payments.
It gives no increased value to these coins beyond
the actual value of silver. The bill selects from
the mats of bullion in circulation in the world a
poi tion of it stamped at cei tain value, prepai ed by
Governments in which we have a general confi-
dence, and with which our commercial relations
are extensive, the bullion, divided up into pieces
of portable, convenient dimensions, thus stamped
and divided, the bill provides that it may be used
in the payment of debts at its actual value, to be
ascertained by weight and purity.
The last objection which he shall notice, is one
stated by another colleague from New York. It
relates to a question of evidence; that is, who,
under this lawfmust make proof that the coins are
of the weight or fineness required: must the indi-
vidual who offers to pay make proof that they are
of the description required, or must the individual
to whom payment is to be made show the con-
tiary' His friend seems to think, under this bill,
the presumption of law will be against the quality
and quantity of silver in the com, the contrary
strikes him as the true construction. By the bill
they aie made current, their assay annually at the
Mint is provided for.
We can scarcely aoprehend much difficulty; few
will refuse to receive those coins, lest they should
be adulterated, in paymentof any debt, the weight
can easily be determined. The objection that those
who have debts due them over one hundred dollars,
and owe debts under that sura, may be compelled
to receive m payment a coin which they cannot
pass away m payment, is an objection, but it is
certainly a very slight one—those thus situated
can always exchange with others having large debts
to pay.
In conclusion, the effect of this bill will be to
increase the quantity of silver in circulation by
enabling the banks to rely upon these foreign coins
as the means for redeeming their bills, and release
the coins of our own country from their vaults.
All agree that an mciease of the precious metals
will prove ben eficial, this bill has a tendency to pi o-
duce such a result
Mr JONES said that though he had objections
to the bill, Loth as to the limitation of time, and
the sums for which these coins might be a tender,
still he considered it so important to have further
metallic legal currency to satisfy the immense debts
which wei e due, that he should feel bound to sup-
port it in its piesent shape The facts stated by
the gentleman from New York [Mr Selden] were
sufficient to convince any one of the absolute neces-
sity for this measure
Mr H KING contended that the effect of the
bill would be to raise the value of foreign coins, as
well as make them a legal tender.
Mr C P WiUTE, in reply, stated thatthebill
expressly avoided interfering with the value of the
coins,exceptaccojdingtotheirwe ghtand fineness.
To illustiate the necessity for this measure, he
stated that ¿ demand of, $50,000 was made upon
the branch bank at New Yoik, having at the time
'-ft
