1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S61
two millions in foreign gold and silver coins in the
vaults Theindividual holding theclaim refused to
acceptfifiy thousand Mexican dollars, which were
ofgreatei intrinsic value than so many of oui own
do! ars The bank was, in consequence, obliged,
with two millions of specie on hand, to send to
another instit uon for means to pay this demand
Unless this bill should pass, the commercial com-
munity would be exposed to great inconvenience.
Mi. DENNY had no objection to the bill as far
as it went, but was anxious to see some further
provision added to it.
Mr WILDE said the subject of coins and cur-
rency was among the most abstruse questions in
the abstruse science of political economy. To give
gentlemen fuither time for consideration, as he was I
anxious tnat the measure shouid be supported by
a strong vote, he moved to postpone the subject i
until Tuesday next, which was agreed to
Mr POLK asked the consent of the House to
proceed to the consideration of the appropriation
bill.
Mr ADAMS, of Massachusetts, wished, he
said, betore the House resumed the subject, to
obtain some information on the item now under
consideration, and objected to the motion.
Mr. POLK moved to suspend the rules, for the
pui pose of proceeding to the consideration of the
bill, and it was agreed to.
The House then went into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hubbard
in the chair,) upon the general appropriation bill,
the following clause being undei consideration:
For the salaries of the charges des affaires to
Portugal, Denmaik, Sweden, Holland, Turkey,
Belgium, Brazil, Buenos Ayies, Chili, Peru,
Mexico, Cential America, and New Granada,
fifty-eight thousand five hundred dollars.
Mr J Q, ADAMS made some remarks upon
the clause, and objected to it that some of the coun-
tries named were too inconsiderable to require the
establishment of permanent diplomatic intercom se
with them The House, he thought, ought to be
informed what aie the relations with those Powers
which render it necessary that we should maintain
permanent missions there There were some other
Powers not named here which were as important,
in reference to then relations with us, as those
which are named. The Republic of Switzerland
was a nation with whom we ought to sympathize
more than with any other nation of Europe, be-
cause, like ourselves, it is republican, but we never
had any mission there, though Switzerland holds
diplomatic intercourse with all the nations of
Europe
There had been times when we held no diplo-
matic intercourse with some larger Powers, Swe-
den, Denmark, and Prussia. With these we had
occasional intercourse, but no permanent missions
had ever been established there The principle of
this Government has been, not to have missions
unless there was a special call for them, and this
principle was founded on economy, which we had
not, he hopead, entirely abandoned. We had
restricted the rumber of our missions heretofore
on the score of economy only, for, in point of
expediency, it might be very well to hold inter-
course with every Power
Pie referred to the proceedings of the Govern-
ment at its first-organization, to show that no dip-
lomatic mission was established, unless there was
special occasion for it. He referred to the mis-
sions to Belgium and Centra! America, as wholly
unnecessaiy. In reference to Buenos Ayres he
wished to know what had become of our quarrel
with that Power, and whether there was any occa-
sion for reestablishing diplomatic relations with it
He addressed these inquines to the chairman of
the Committee on Poieign Relations, because (he
said) he had ascertained that he could not obtain
the information elsewnere.
Mr ARCHER understood the honorable gen-
tleman fiom Massachusetts as making an inquiry
of an extent so large as to go into all the diplo-
matic relations of the country, excepting those
embraced in the clauses of the bill disposed of
yesterday The inquiry which the gentleman
made last night and to-day, went to this extraor-
dinary extent, embracing all the plans and views
of the Administration on the subject of our dip-
lomatic relations.
Mr. A. considered that in relation to a large
portion of these missions, the onus rested upon us
to show that they were unnecessary And why '
Because this is not the department to which the
Constitution has assigned the right and duty of
establishing diplomatic missions. We are not
participants in the responsibility of selecting the
Powers with which we shall have diplomatic
intercourse. The gentleman from Massachusetts,
on the contrary, goes on the ground that, before
any diplomatic mission can be established, it must
be approved by us. Is that the theory of our
Constitution' Suppose a mission has been in
existence for years, are we to say that it has been
improperly established' He trusted that it was
sufficient to say, in relation to all but two of these
missions, that they were established constitution-
ally, that ministers had been appointed and sent
to fill them, and were now in the discharge of their
duties Was the doctrine to prevail that every
year we are to demand proof oí what has already
been sufficiently well proven, that a particular
mission is necessary'
The gentleman admitted that it would be expe-
dient to establish missions elsewhere, and in this
he agreed with him.' He thought himself that it
would be highly proper to establish a diplomatic
intercourse with Austria, one of the most impor-
tant Powers m Europe; a Power with which we
have a commercial treaty, and with one of whose
ports to which we have access we have a valuable
and growing commerce.
It was with unaffected surprise that he found
the honorable gentleman fiom Massachusetts dis
posed tos weep away all our diplomatic intercourse
What was the mam oljectofour diplomatic in-
tercourse ' We were not concerned in the alterca-
tions of all these Powers Our object was solely
to maintain and extend the high and important in
terests of our commerce Under our institutions,
we gave to every man the exclusive fruits of his
industry But ot what use was this, unless we gave
him facilities for making this privilege available'
Unless for this principle, we had very little reason
to sustain any diplomatic leiations at all Shall
we be told that a nation as neh as this—the richest
on the globe except Great Britain—cannot afforu
to protect its commerce with any foreign nation at
the expense of four thousand five hundred dollars
a year' In relation to those Governments where
we have had foi a long time a permanent mission,
and with which we had a valuable commerce, he
trusted that it was unnecessary to say anything
more. The gentleman asks why we have a mis-
sion to Belgium, a new State, and recently con-
nected with Holland' Because (he replied) if the
whole of our commerce with the Netherlands was
worthy of preseivation, one half of it was At
least it was worthy of preservation at the expense
of a few thousand dollars a year. This new and
impoitant state sought the establishment of diplo-
matic relations with us, and he asked what the
gentleman would have said if the President had
íefused, on the score of economy, to reciprocate
the disposition of the Government of Belgium '
With this Power, which possessed one of the most
important ports in Europe, we had a valuable and
a growing trade. If her overture had been refused,
she would have been justified m refusing to us any
commercial facilities whatever, or at least in rais-
ing her tariff to our disadvantage If this conse-
quence had followed the refusal or neglect of the
President to nominate a minister to Belgium, the
gentleman would have pronounced upon the Pres-
ident his unqualified censure.
Mr. A went into a view of our object in estab-
lishing a diplomatic intercourse with the States of
South America. Were we now to abandon those
objects for which, after long and mature delibera-
tion, we established these relations ' And for what
purpose should we abandon them ' To avoid an
expense of §4,500' After all the parade we had
made in relation to the concerns of South Amer-
ica,were we to renounce our connection with them
merely for the sake of a small saving to this rich
country' One of our objects was to establish a
favorable intercourse with these States, and to
guard it from the effects of European rivalry Was
it not impoitant to us to procure our share of tins
vast and rapidly incieasing trade, and must we
sacrifice it to the rivalry of foreign Powers for the
sake of the important sum of $4,500 a year'
Mr A here enteied into a full statistical state
ment in relation to the trade of different States of
South America.
Mi ADAMS here interrupted the gentleman
from Virginia, by asking him how it happened
that, in this appropriation, Colombia was over-
looked' It would seem that, since its important
port was found, the State itself was lost.
Mr. ARCHER replied, that Colombia was now
divided into three Powers: Venezuela, New Gra-
nada, and Ecuador. At New Granada, we had
now a minister, a citizen of Kentucky. We had
an extensive trade with all threeof these countries,
and, in his opinion, we ought to have a minister
in each of them. Pie suggested reasons, in con-
nexion with the unsettled state ofthe Governments
of South America, which rendered it more impor-
tant for us to maintain diplomatic relations with
them than with any European Governments
In lelation to the mission to Buenos Ayres, he
explained that when our relations with that Gov-
ernment were suspended, it wa3 communicated to
us officially that the negotiation would be renewed
here, and that ammistei would be soon sent to ua
for that purpose A short lime back, another
communication was received fiom the Government
of Buenos Ayres, stating that a minister might be
immediately expected by our Government Under
these cncumstances it would not be proper to re-
fuse the Administration the means of reciprocating
the disposition of i he Governmentof Buenos Ayres.
Having made the explanation which the gentle-
man fiom Massachusetts rtq iu<d, he would re-
peat, that when a miasiorl had been established by
the Pies init, with thi nsfceit cf the Senate, this
House muid no*, wi h ,1-opr ety, interpose any
ol jections to it, unle d uouielhiug should come to
oi r eaisshoiv ng l ia' aline acuses ex'sted in re-
lation to it D ku the PiesiJentand Senate had
acted, we migV urd^ubiedly demand the íeasons
foi which rn mo'ey was lequued
Mr POLK sa.d lie piesumed the committee
would betu in mmu that this clause in the bill did
not p'ovije foi any new mission They had all
been esta hshed in the usual constitu'iona! man-
ner He was anxious that the committee might
get thiough with I he bill and report it to the
Ilouse I here a distinct vote could betaken upon
each item tie therefore hoped the bill might be
proceeded in without any unnecessary delay m its
present stage In the House the whole ground
might be gone over.
Mr J Q. ADAMS said, his object in making
the inquiiy which had been responded to by the
chautnan of the Committee on Foreign Relations
[Mi. Archer] was, to obtain information which,
might govern his vote upon this appropriation.
It was but justice to say, that the greatest part of
the explanation of the gentleman was of a satis-
factory cnaracter. Butas to the mission to Buenos
Ayres, to which his inquiries had been specially
directed, the explanation was not satisfactory.
Before he alluded further to that subject, he would
notice the op.mon expressed by the gentleman,
that the onus jirobanii, when negotiations were
made by the Executive, lay upon the members of
the House who objected to them. The gentleman
was the last individual from whom he expected
to hear such a doctrine
It was not consonant to the settled principles of
our Government In the discussions arising out
of the treaty with Great Britain, (commonly called
Jay's treaty,) the íelative rights of this House and
of the President and Senate were brought up under
circumstances which interested the whole country.
When the appropriations necessary to carry the
treaty into effect were called for by President
Washington, this House demanded that the in-
structions under which the negotiation had been
effected should be laid before them, m order that
the propriety of making the appropriation might
be determined President Washington refused to
furnish the House with those instructions. A
resolution was then adopted, declaring that the
House, so far as regarded the appropriation of
money required by a treaty, were not foreclosed
by its ratification by the President and Senate.
The doctrine of this resolution had been adhered
to ever since, and had become a settled principle.
This principle applied with far more force to the
appointment of a minister abroad In the case of
a treaty, a foreign Power was concerned as a
party,and many considerations should have weight,
