1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
863
were they affected ' The returns of former voyages
weie here, and the object of their enterpnse was
at the same price. Was there any difficulty in
making investments, when ihe nmterials were 25
pei cent  less in price than formerly'
But the honorable gentleman had referred to our
predictions, that wnen this agitating question was
settled, rel.ef and tranquillity would be restored to
the country And he told us that it v/as settled by
the other branch of Congress Did tbatgemleman
so consider it' Could he calculate that it was
settled ' What was the object of these memorials,
and the speeches delivered upon them' Why,
that it should be unsettled until it could be settled
in a particulai way If honorable members had
been satisfied with the judgment of the House of
Representatives, and turned then attention to the
adoption of measures for the general good, it
worrld have been settled; but they have entered
into the drama before the people with the Houseof
Representatives, and none with moie foice and
eloquence than the honorable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, that thecountiy must and ".houIJ be
agitated But, as far as it could be settled under
the cucumstances, it had been produced Had
not a manifest change for the bettei, in the money
maiket, taken place' Had not stocks usen '
Had not exchange u en' Weie there complaints
m the city market' No. And this was owing in
part to the fulfilment of the prophecy by us; and
when the people saw that the wishes of-the gentle-
man could not be accomplished, gentlemen would
cease to agitate the public mind, which would not
have been agitated by the measures of the Execu
tive but for the interposi'ion of extraneous causes
Some further remarks were made by Messrs
KNIGHT(PORTER,SILSBEE,CHAMBERS,
EWING, SPRAGUE, FORSYTH, and POIN-
DEXTER, when
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Finance, and erdeied to be printed
Mr. HENDRICKS moved that the special
orders be postponed m oidtr to take up the resolu-
tion submitted by him «some davs a°*o, setting
aside Fridays and Saturdays for the consideration
of private business. The motion was lost—yeas
15, nays 18.
The following resolution was submitted by Ml
HENDRICKS
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fans be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of making an appropnation to pay for blankets
furnished the militia of Michigan in the late wai
against Black Hawk and his followers, which
blankets were not charged on the company muster-
rolls and deducted from the pay of the soldiers
who received the same
This resolution was agreed to.
By Mr POINDEXTER.
Resolved, That until the special order of the day,
on the protest of thePiesidentof the United States,
shal be finally disposed of, the Chair shall an-
nounce the oidei on each day immediately after
the Journal shall have been lead.
By Mr SPRAGUE-
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to the Senate a statement
of the amount of fees accruing in each collection
district in the United States, in each year, since
January 1, 1829, the amount of fees paid at the
Treasui y, in each year, by those collectors whose
fees have amounted to more than the maximum
allowed them by law; the names and number of
clerks and deputies employed by each eollectoi
who has received such excess of fees, the time
when they were employed, and the amount paid
each in each year. Also, a statement of the con-
tingent expenses of each office where such excess
of fees has been received, whether any allowances
have been made to officers of the customs foi trav-
elling expenses, and if so, the names of such offi-
cers, and the times when such expenses were
incurred. And also, a statement of the names of
persons who hold, or have held, several offices in
the customs at the same time, since January 1,
1829, with the date and time of continuance of
their appointment, and the amount of pay which
they have received from each office which they
have so held dunng the period atoiesaid
Mr. BENTON, from the Com lttee on Mili-
tary  Afiairs, asked to be discharged from  the
further consideration of the petition of Dr Boyd
Reilly, m order that the memorialist might have
the benefit of a more suitable reference. Agreed
to
Mr TYLER made an unsuccessful motion to
take up a number of bills fiom the other House;
when,
On motion of Mr. FORSYTH,
The Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE
Monday, May 5, 1834.
A message upon executive business was received
from the Piesident of the United States, by Mi
DoNLLbON, his Private Secietary.
The VICE PRESIDENT piesented a commu-
nication from the Treasury Deoartment, transmit-
ting a report from the Commissionei of the Gen-
eral Land Office, detailing the gross amount of the
sales of public lands, in compliance with the leso-
lution of the Senate of the 28th April
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the report was order-
ed to be printed.
The Senate then took up the íesolution submit-
ted by Mr PoihDrxTrit, requiring all business to
give way to the consideration of the special order,
being the Piesident's protest.
Mi HENDRICKS moved to amend, by insert-
ing "except Fridays and Sa urdays in each and
eveiy week, which days shall be devoted to the
consideration of bills."
The amendment was advocated by Messrs
HENDRICKS, KING of Alabama, KING of
Georgia, KNIGHT and TIPTON, and opposed
by Messrs. CLAY, CLA Yl ON,E W ING,P01N-
DEXTER, SPRAGUE, and WEBSTER, and
was adopted by the following vote:
YEA&—Messrs Brown, Foisylh, Tielinghuy-
sen, Grundy,Hendricks, Hill, Kane, King of Al
abama. King of Georgia, Knight, Linn, MJKean,
Pientios, Shepley, Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton,
White, Wilkins, Wright—20.
NAYS—M s<srs Bell, Benton, Black, Clay,
Clayton, Ewma, Leigh, Mooie, Naudam, Pom-
dexter, Portei, Preston, Robbins, Silsbee, Smith,
Sprague, Tomlmson, Tylei, Webster—19.
Mi POINDEXTER'then proposed to with-
diaw the resolution; but this not_ being in ordei,
he then moved that the resolution and amendment
be laid upon the table, winch was decided in the
affirmative, by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs Bell, Benton, Black, Clay,
Clayton,.Ewing, Frehnghuysen, King of Ala-
bama, King of Georgia, Knight, Leigh, Moore,
Naudam, Pomdextei, Poiter, Preston, Robbins,
Silsbee, Smith, Sprague.Swift, Tomlmson, Tyler,
Waggaman, Webstei, White—2G.
NAYS—Messrs Blown, Forsyth, Grundy,
Hendricks, Hill, Kane, Linn, McKean, Pientibs,
Sbepiey, lallmadge, Tipton, Wilkms, Wiight—
15
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a commu-
nication fiom the War Department, transmitting
the amount of expendituiesin that department for
1833, which,
On motion of Mi. WHITE, was ordered to be
printed.
RESOLUTION! .
The following resolutions weie severally con-
sidered, and adopted*
By Mr TIPTON-
Retailed, That the Committee on the Judicial y
be instructed to mqune into the expediency of
allowing to the heirs of AntoinePehier, deceased,
the amount of their*claim adjusted and allowed by
the State of Virginia, for moneys advanced by ¿said
Peltier to the íegiment of Geneial George Rogers
Claik, in the Illinois country.
By Mr PRESTON.
Resolved, That the laws of the Territory of
Florida be referí ed to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
By Mr. KING, of Alabama:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of author-
izing the Secretaiy of the Treasuiy to credit the
accounts of Unah G Mitchell, recpiver of public
moneys forthe Cahawbaland distuct, ¡n the State
of Alabama, with the sum of one hundied dollars,
which was íeceived by said Mitchell at the land
sales in a counterfeit bill on the Bank of the United
States.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented the petition of
Thomas Harrison, which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr TOMLINSON piesented the petition of
Eh Mitchell, which was referred ttf the same
committee.
Mr. TOMLINSON presented the petition of
Daniel Tomlmson, praying the passage of an act
extending his rights as a patentee of some inven-
tion in the cuuymg knife, which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary
GENERAL   ORDERS.
The resolutions submitted at various periods
for several days past by Messrs CHAMBERS,
PRENTISS, and SOUTHARD, were taken up
and adopted.
SPLCIAL ORDER.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special ordei of the day, being Mr Bibb's
amendment of Mr Poitoextlr's resolutions on
the protest of the President of the United States.
Mi WRIGHT then took the floor, and spoke
in support of the President's protest, and in favor
of receiving and íecoidmg it on the journal; after
which
Mr. CLAY made some explanatory remarks
upon the condemnatory íesolutions, and the several
modifications which were made of them.
Mr CALHOUN then roseand expressed a wish
tobeheaid on the subject, and moved an adjourn-
ment, but withdrew the motion at the request of
Mr POUN DEXTER, whogave notice that, with
a view to bung this discussion to a speedy close,
he would, every day at one o'clock, move to pro-
ceed to the special ordei, and postpone any other
business, even to themteiruption of speaking, and
that lie would, for one, i esist any motion to adjourn
heieafter till five o'clock.
Mi WEBSTER coincided in opinion with Mr.
Poindexier, and said he had several memorials
which he wished to present after the discussion
had terminated.
1 he Senate, on motion of Mr POINDEXTER,
jiroceeded to the consideration of executive bus-
iness, and, after some time spent therein,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Moi.day, May 5, 1834.
This being the day for the presentation of pe-
titions, the memorial presented from citizens of
Georgia, by Mi. Wayne, on Monday last, was
taken up, and, on motion of Mr W , its further
consideiation was postponed till next Monday.
The memorial of a convention held in the third
congressional district of Massachusetts, m favor
of the restoration of the deposites of the public
moneys to the Bank of the United States, which
was presented last Monday, and was not then dis-
posed of, being taken up,
Mr OSGOOD said it was always an unpleasant
task for a Representative to oppose the wishes of
any portion of his consiituents Considering him-
self as the organ of their will, he cannot, without
many painful sensations of regret, find his own
sentiments in opposition to theirs But the diver-
sity of human opinion, while mankind remain con-
stituted as they aie, must often render it necessary
for him to gratify the wishes of one part of his
constituents at the risk of displeasing the lest.
Noi will he always he able to find out what the
wishes of a majority of his constituents really are.
As to the general course of his official duties, if
he has openly avowed his adherence to a political
party, if he has been cnosen with akrow'edgeon
the part of his constituents of his política! jiredi-
leotions, he may safely conclude that a concurrence
with the measures of his party will not be obnox-
ious to those who elected him But a new stato
of things may arise, unexpected events may hap-
pen, unforeseen measures may be proposed, a dif-
ferent course of policy may be instituted, and the
vote that sanr'ioned his adherence to his party at
the time of his election may fail to sustain him
in this new juncture of events, and he will be
