1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
367
renewal of the charter of the Bank of the United
States Read, ordered to be printed, and laid on
the table.
Mr DICKSON presented a memorial from three
or four thousand citizens of Ontario county, New
York, on the subject of the currency and the Uni-
ted States Bank, and intimated an intention to call
up the paper on Monday next, for the purpose of
making some remaiks upon it.
Mr. LAWRENCE presented a memorial from
sundiy young men of the city of New York,
praying the restoration of the constitutional cui-
rency.  Ordered to be printed and ¡aid on the table.
Mr. CLARK, of New York, rose and said:
Mr. President: I am requested to present to
the House the proceedings of a meeting held in
the town of Seneca Falls on the 28th day of March
last. The village m which the meeting was held
is one of the most flourishing in Western New
York. Its extensive milling and manufacturing
establishments necessarily feel the pressure which
the memorialists admit is somewhat severe.
Unlike many of the petitions and memorials
which have been presented here, claiming to be of
a no-party character, this meeting was composed
exclusively of the friends of the Administration.
Numerous resolutious weie reported by a commit-
tee of highly respectable gentlemen, all of whom
I know; and I will embrace the opportunity here
afforded me to say, that from the amount of bus-
iness in which they are engaged, and their general
intelligence, they are well calculated both to feel
the full extent of the pressure and justly to appre-
ciate its cause. One of the gentlemen composing
this committee is the sheriff of the county, another,
Mr. Bayard, who presented the resolutions to the
meeting, is extensively engaged in the manufacture
of flour, an article which, it is said by the friends
of the bank, has suffered most by what thnj are
pleased to call the ruinous measures of the Admin-
istration. The report of the committee Was
unanimously adopted.
In pursuance, Mr Speaker, of the duty enjoined
by the rules of this House, I will very briefly state
the contents of such of the resolutions as apply
most directly to the question which has agitated
Congress and the nation from the commencement
of the session to the present time. They resolve
that the Bank of the United States ought not to
be rechartered;
That the deposite of public moneys ought not
to be made in the Bank of the United States nor
in any of its branches;
That, in their estimation, the State banks are
fully adequate to discharge the duties of fiscal
agents of the Government;
That they have full confidence in the resources
of this country, and believe that its prosperity
does not depend on the existence of any moneyed
institution;
That the firmness and patiiotism of Andrew
Jackson at this crisis deserves the lasting gratitude
of the American people.
They further resolve that the restoration of the
deposites or the recharter of the bank would, in
their opinion, be equivalent to a surrender of na-
tional liberty, and that they believe the patriotic
people of New York will be ready to endure any
pecuniary privation lather than submit to the
dictation of a great moneyed power   ;
That the only currency recognised by the Con-
stitution is the haid-money currency, resting on
the broad basis of the precious metals, and that a
paper cunency, subject as it is, of necessity, to a
peipetual fluctuation, is but the scourge of honest
industry and the pander of a pampered aristocracy;
That the efiorts of partisan leaders and presses
to produce a panic among business men, a scarcity
of money, and geneially to derange the currency,
is a species of political warfare peculiai to the
advocates of a great moneyed monopoly, and
deserving the execration and punishment of a
civilized community;
That the i ecent combined attack upon the safety-
fund banks of that State, while it demonstrated
their title to public confidence was an unwarrant-
able assault, which, though severely felt by the i
people of that State, was chiefly designed to affect
the distinguished statesman under whose «mspices
the safety-fund banks were associated together for
the protection of the public;
That the present pressure and scarcity of money
are not justly attributable to the removal of the I
deposites, and would have been more severe but for
that timely measure, that they have proceeded, in I
some degree, from the tariff act of 1833, but more
especially fiom the course and conduct of the bank
itself; the speeches and efforts of its partisans and
presses, all laboring with the common design of
creating a political and fiscal necessity for the |
renewal of the charter of the bank.
These, sir, are the sentiments of freemen, who
would not violate the integrity of the Constitution |
to prolong the existence of a dangeious moneyed ]
monopoly, and who will not permit pecuniary con-
siderations to control their judgments and actions
on a question involving the prosperity of our free
institutions
Subsequently to the period when these resolu-
tions were adopted, 1 have received information |
on which I can rely with certainty, that confidence
is again in a great measure restored; the different
kinds of produce rapidly using in value, that
wheat, the staple production of that section of
country, was selling at 87¿ cents a bushel, and
that a further advance was warranted by thepnce
of flour jn the city of New York, that the large
amount of business doing on the canals justified
the belief that the toll this season will exceed that
of any former year                                                      I
The citizens of New York having recovered from
the pecuniary embarrassment under which they
labored for a short period, will now have leisure
calmly to examine into the cause of the pressure.
If, upon that examination, they shall become sat-
isfied, as I believe they will, that it was produced
solely for the purpose of effecting a rechaiter of
l the United ¡States Bank, that institution, with its
leading political friends, who have used it for party
purposes, will leceive the unanimous condemna-
tion of an indignant and injured people.
Mr PULLER presented a memorial fiom citi-
zens of Livingston county, New Yoik, praying ¡
Congiess to mteipose for the relief of the country
from its present embarrassments by the restoration !
of the deposites, and the renewal or continuation
for a time of the charter of the Bank of the United
States. Read, laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.                                                                          |
Petitions were presented by Mr. WARD, and
Mi. C. P. WHITE.                                                   i
Mr  WILLIAM TAYLOR presented a memo-
rial from a large and lespectable meeting of the |
I citizens of Onondaga county, New York, appiov- !
mg of the course oí the Government in relation to
the Bank of the United States, introducing it with i
some remarks     Read, ordeied to be printed, and
laid on the table.
Petitions were pi esented by Messrs. MARTIN-
DALE, and SELDEN.
Mr SELDEN presented a memorial, signed by
six thousand inhabitants of the county of One da,
praying the interposition of Congiess for their
íelief from existing embarrassments, occasioned
| by the deiangement of the currency, and recom-
, mending the restoration of the deposites and the
1 recharter of the United States Bank.   Mi   S , !
1 after some remaiks, moved the leference of the j
! memorial to a select committee, with instructions I
11 to repoit a plan, in the form of a bill, for the estab-
lishment of a safe and uniform cunency, which I
|   motion he submitted as a íesolution.                        I
I Mr BEARDSLEY íeplied at length to the
I statements of Mr. Selden, after which, without
I   taking the question,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE
Tuesdiy, Mayii, 1834.
Mr. TYLER presented the petition of the heirs
of Colonel William Campbell, a bngadier-general
in the Army of the Revolution, asking that a law
may be passed allowing to them the pay and emol-
uments due their ancestor The petition was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the petition of Zachariah Cox, asking
indemnity for property of which he was deprived
by certain officers of the United States acting in
their official character. Refened to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
And the petition of Jacob Weaver, praying re
munerauon for certain lands granted by the State
of Georgia, and afterwards sold  by the United
States.   Referred  to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. TIPTON presented the petition of the
chiefs of the Pottawatomie nation; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affaire
Mr KENT presented the petition of the widow
of Richard Waters, of Baltimore; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
The following resolutions were submitted:
By Mr KANE:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of refund-
ing to Pierre Menard and Louis Valle, the amount
of duties wrongfully exacted from them upon
goods imported into New Orleans in the ship
Mars, in the month of July, 1829.
This resolution was agreed to, and, together
with the documents, was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
By Mr EWING:
■ftesoiuei/, That the Secretary of State be directed
to transmit to the Senate copies of his orders to
the Superintendent of the Patent Office of the 17th
of October and the 10th of December last. Also,
a copy of certain charges exhibited to him by
William P. Elliott against said Superintendent for
malconduct in office; with a copy of all the evi-
dence taken by the commissioner appointed to in-
vestigate said charges; a copy of said commission-
er 's report; and a copy of a letter addressed to said
Superintendent, by said Secietary of State, dated
the 28th Maich, 1834, touching said investigation.
By Mr. TIPTON:
Resolved, That the daily hour for the meeting
of the Senate shall be eleven o'clock, till otherwise
ordered.
REPORTS.
Mr. ROBBINS, from the Library Committee,
reported a joint resolution, accepting the colossal
statue of Jefferson, from Lieutenant Uriah P.
Levy, of the United States Navy, and designating
the spot at which it shall be placed. The resolu-
tion was oidered to a second reading.
Mr  ROBBINS, from the same committee, re-
ported a joint resolution in relation to the trans-
mission by mail of the laws of the United States;
which was ordered to a second reading.
GENERAL ORDERS.
The resolution setting aside Fridays and Sat-
urdays in each week for the consideration of pri-
vate bills, the Senate refused to adopt: Yeas 13,
nays 16.
The other resolutions lvmg upon the table,
submitted by Messrs. Webster, Tomlinson,
Sfrague, and Preston, were adopted.
The report of the Committee of Claims, unfa-
vorable to the petition of Archibald W. Hamilton,
was agreed ¡.o.
The report of the same committee, unfavorable
to the petition of Samuel Newell, was agreed to
The report of the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, unfavorable to the petition of Btssell
Phelps, and a similar report upon the petition of
the heirs of Gabriel Green, were agreed to
Mr. NAUDAIN,adverting to the report of the
Committee on Military Affairs which led to their
being dischaiged fiom the further consideration of
the memorial of Doctoi Boyd Reilly, moved that
the petition and documents be refened to a select
committee; which was agreed to. Wheieupon,
the Senate proceeded to ballot for the committee,
when the following gentlemen were elected, viz:
Messis Naudain, Linn, Kent, Robbins, and
Prentiss.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read a frst and second time, and
referred:
A bill adjusting the claims of certain persons
foi the loss of property in the late war with Great
Britain, and the war with Black Hawk and his
Indians,
A bill for the relief of John Wilson;
A bill for the relief of John S Fleming, admin-
ísti&tot de bonis non of John Syme, deceased;
A bill amending the several acts in reference to
1 the insolvent laws;
A bill authorizing the renewal of a patent for the
benefit of Robert Black, and
I        A bill for the relief of Henry Oakes
i      The following bills were read a third time and
II  passed-
