870
.    THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May?,
of Deputies had rejected the bill making appro-
priations for carrying the convention into effect.
The vote was a very nice one, and so far from
rendering this bill unnecessary, it augmented its
necessity. We ought not to present loose and
indefinite claims to the French Government, but
have them ascertained and proved in the most
sat sfactory manner.
Mr. REED supported the bill on the ground
that it was necessary to enable claimants to pro-
cure papers fiom Prance, which were necessary
to the establishment of their claims.
Mr. HUNTINGTON could, he said, speak
with confidence of the assiduity of the commission
in their application to business. Itwas mdispen-
f able to the claimants to be allowed time to procure
documents from Prance.
Mr. McKAY said he could satisfy the House
that the bill was unnecessa. y. We had informa-
tion, by letters fiom New York, that the French
Chamber of Deputies had refused the appiopna-
tion by a vote ot 168 to 17G, and th'at two of the
French Mimstiy hadtheieupon resigned. If this
was true, and theie was no doubt ot it, would it
be proper for us, on our part, togo on and attempt
to prove the claims? It was also ascertained that
a numbei of papéis necessary to the piosecution
of the claims,and which, by the convention, the
French Government was bound to furnish, had
been refused to us Now, if the French Govern-
ment had refused to fulfil two of the most essential
articles of the treaty, it was equivalent to a decla-
ration on then pait, that they would execute no
port of the treaty. He hoped the subject would
be postponed tor ten. days, to see whether our
information was true. If it should be ascertained
lhat the French Government have refuced to ex-
ecute the treaty, there would be no propriety in
continuing the commission.
Mr¡ BURGES said, that one fact was disclosed
by the proceedings in the French Chamber of
Deputies on this subject, and that was, that it was
absolutely necessary to ascertain the amount of
the claims. The ground taken by the opponents
of the appropriation in Prance was, that the sum
of twenty five millions of francs was too large for
our claims It would be found, through the com-
mission, that the amount of claims was three
or four times larger than the sum allowed, even
without interest, and that objection to the appro-
puat'on would be silenced.
Mr BARRINGER concurred entirely, he said,
with his colleague, [Mr. McKay,] in his views of"
the subject We had acted pi ematurely in insti-
tuting a commission befoie we had got possession
of the materials upon which it was to act For
want of materials the commission had not been in
tession half of the time since it was established
If we had first collected the matenals, and then
established thecommission, its business would have
been despatched in twelve momhs,; whereas it hat,
now been two years m existence, and the papéis
were still to be got. He would like to know what
assurance we had that it would be any better two
years hence if we passed this bill' His opinion
was, that we ought to suspend the commission
until Fiance was ready to execute the treaty,and
until the claimants were ready to p'esent their
claims, and then it could be revived, and the busi-
ness completed in from three to six months. He
moved to pos'pone the further consideration of the
subject till Tuesday next, when he hoped the
House would suspend instead of extending the
commission.
Mr WILDE said we might as well take the
question now as nextTuesday; foi nothing in the
interval was likely to transpue which would altei
the opinion of the House,
The motion to postpone was rejected
Mr. WILLIAMS moved to recommit the bill,
with instructions to limit the term of extension to
six months. What assurance had we that the
French Government would give up the papers at
all? Next year we might have the same aigumeñt
for the prolongation of the commission, as now.
It was useless ior us to go on until ¡t was ascer-
tained whetier France would execute the treaty
or not
Mr. WILDE explained that the papei-g referred
to were in possession of the Council of Prizes; and
it was not to be expected that they would give up
theorigmals    But they did not refuse copies   The
whole contest between us and the French Govern-
ment, on this point, was, at whose expense the
copies should be furnished.
Mr. WAYNE said the true question was,
whether we shouid deprive ourselves of one of the
means of coeiemg the payment of these long out-
standing claims. If we suspended our action on
the subject, we would enable the Chamber of
Deputies or the King to say that it was unneces-
sary for them to hasten their action. He was
unwilling to do anything which would give coun-
tenance to the supposition, on the part of France,
that the American Congress had abandoned the
pursuit of these claims. The reason for the rejec-
tion of the appropriation by the Chamber of Dep-
uties had leference, he said, to the state of parties
in that body, the party opposed to the King and
the Ministry naving the majouty.
Mr. ARCHER remaiked, that there was no
difficulty with the executive department of the
French Government on this subject; for it had
manifested eveiy disposition to comply with its
engagements He did not consider that we were
authorized, by a mere rumor that the Chamber had
refused the apptopnation, to suspend our action
in relation to the treaty The íumor was an
additional reason foi passing the bill. It was not
expedient to give the French Government an
opportunity to say that it wat, useless to send the
document, because the board is suspended by our
act.
Mr ADAMS said, the extension of this com-
mission, either for six months or twelve months,
was a small matter compared with the importance
of pursuing the piopei course. The information
which had been given as to the vote of the Cham-
ber of Deputies, furnished strong additional íea-
sons for pursuing this course In the intercourse
between nations, relative to their difficulties; that
nation which has right on its side must always
piesume that justice will be done. Especially it
must be presumed that no nation will violate a
solemn treaty. The proceedings of the Chamber
of Deputies, which had been referred to, were not
a violation of the treaty It was only a lefusal on
the pait of one branch of the French Government
to futmsh the money to pay the indemnity at this
time. Is this a sufficient reason for refusing to
ascertain the extent of the losses of our citizens?
On thecontraiy,itwas a strongaddittonal reason,
because it the French Government shall persevere
in refusing to carry the treaty into effect, it gives
us a i ight to demand indemnity tor the whole losses
of oui citizens, which would probably amount to
a hundred millions of finncs, instead of the twen-
ty five proposed to be paid by the treaty The
course of the Chamber of Deputies, therefore,
affoided the strongest reason for ascertaining the
amount. He would prefai increasing the time to
two years, lather than limiting it to six months.
The difficulties which had arisen with regard to
evidence would, probably, be disposed of, as well
as all the other difficulties arising upon this sub-
ject. In the intercoms between nations, there are
mollia lempo)a fandi, when they aie induced to
extend that justice to each other which at other
times may have been refused. He concluded by
expiessing his hope that the amendment would
not be adopted.
Mr WILLIAMS said,he had hodoubtbutthe
commission ei shad faithfully discharged their duty,
so far as lay in-their power. But it seemed theie
was a difficulty for want of evidence, which the
French Government had refuted to furnish. The
gentleman from Virg.nia [Mr Archle] intimates
that it wa3 no part of the duty of the Chamber of
Deputies to furnish this evidence This was true;
but how was the obligation on the part of the Ex-
ecutive Government of France?
Mr ARCHER said, he was not aware that any
obstacle had been interposed by the Government
of France to the procuring of evidence. A ques-
tion had been raised whether the French Govern-
ment, or our own, should bear the expense of I
transcribing the archives necessary, but nothing
prevented individuals fiom obtaining evidence but j
the experse
Mi. WILLIAMS   IftheGovernmentofFiance
was not to blame, the individual claimants were,
for the delay in   rot furnishing evidence     The
question befoie the House was, whether the time
1 should be piolonged by the bill six months or i
twelve months. His object was not to interpose
any delay, but to carry the whole subject forward
to the next session of Congress, when the facts
will have been fully ascertained. Where the blame
for delay belongs can then be known
Mr. REED said that in the law under which
these commissioners weie appointed as it was
originally reported, the time was fixed atthiee
years. At the solicitation of the claimants, it was
reduced to two years. They had always been
anxious to avoid delay. The truth was, there was
no blame anywhere. It was impossible to tell
until the cases weie stated together, what evidence
would be necessary. Sometimes theie were a
dozen or twenty separate claims arising out of dif-
ferent shipments by the same vessel. Each of
these claimants could not ascertain beforehand
whether the proof of condemnation was sufficient
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr WilliaM3, which was lost without a
count.
The bill then passed without a division.
The bill supplementary to the act for carrying
into effect the conv ention iSetween the United States
and the King of the Two Sicilies, was read a third
time and passed.
Various bills and resolutions upon the Speakei 's
table were postponed; when the House took up
the
APPROPRIATION BILL,
Upon concurrence with the various amendments
which had been made in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment striking out the additional al-
lowance of ^500 pioposed to be given to the Chief
Clerk in the Depuitment of State, was concurred
in without a division.
The item providing for an additional clerkship
in the Depaitmentof State, which had been struck
j out in the committee, was then read
I     Mr JARVIS expressed a hope that the House
would not concur  with  the committee in  this
amendment.
Mr. ADAMS said he had no inclination to re-
sume the debate which had occupied so much time
in committee, but would ask the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The amendment stuking out the item was car-
ried—yeas 90, nays 69.
Various amendments of phraseology were also
concurred in.
The item appropriating $2,600 for supplying
book-cases and fire-bags for placing papers in, in
the Land Office, in a situation to be secured in case
of fire, having been struck out in committee, the
House concurred in the amerdment.
The item appropnatmg $2,500 for additional
clerk hire, to bring up arrears, &c, in the office of
the Attorney General, in Ohio, Indiana, and Mich-
igan, which was struck out in committee, having
been read—
Mr. POLK said the item was struck out on his
motion, but subsequent information had satisfied
him that the appropriation was necessary. He
therefore hoped the House would not concur in
the amendment.
After a few remarks from Messrs. CLAY and
VANCE, the question was taken, and the amend-
ment non-concurred in without a division.
Theitem appropriating $3,000 for compiling and
printing the laws of the Perntory of Arkansas,
which was inserted in committee, having been
read—
Mr HARDIN objected to its adoption, and de-
manded the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
After a few remarks from Messrs DUNCAN,
E WHITTLESEY, JOHN a. ADAMS, and
WHITE, the question was taken, and theamend-
ment concuired m—ayes 126, noes 35.
The amendment made in committee to the item
appropriating §24,400 for expenses of intercourse
v/uh the Barbary Powers, providing " that the
commercial agent at Algiers be paid the same sal-
ary as is now paid to the consuls on the Barbary
coast," was read.
Mr McKAY opposed this allowance.    Algiers
was now a colony of France, and no reason ex-    *
isted foi paying a consul or commercial agent
there.
Mr J Q, ADAMS inquired urder what au-
thority this appointment was made'
Mr. ARCHER said, that by the existing laws,
