1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
371
a consulate was established at Algiers, with a
silary of $4,000 per year. The appointment of
such an officer would b/ive been within the sttict
letter of the law But the condition and govern-
ment of Algiers hiving changed, there was none-
eessity for this officer, and an agent was appointed
under the authority which had always been exer
cised by the Executive. He had been allowed
$1,200 per annum, instead of the *j4,000 provided
tor the consulate by law The agent who was
appointed by the Executive for making the infor-
mal negotiations with the Ottoman Porte, which
resulted m a treaty with that Power, had been
appointed by the same authority.
Mr ADAMS said th's officer not having been
appointed with the advice and consent of the
Senate, wai not constitutionally appointed. The
intention of this proviso is to give this officer a legal
existence. The practice of appointing informal
agents was coexistent with the Government; but
this was not such a case.
Mi CHÍNN advocated the amendment at length
He con'ended that the appointment took place in
the usual course, was necessary, and the proposed
allowance  was  entirely  reasonable in point of
amount.
Mr JARVISconceivedtheob]eetof theamend-
ment was to raise the salary ot an officer, who
now received §1,200 per year, to $2,000. He was
opposed to it in every point of view.
Mr, WISE insisted that the appointment of this
officer was not wan an ted by law, and was in viola-
tion of the Constitution Whatever might have
been the pract'Ce heretofore, this officer could not
be sustained upon principle. He was, therefore,
opposed to the amendment.
Mi BINNEY spoke in opposition to the con
tmuation of this clause in the bill
Mr. ARCHER hoped the House would not
concur with the Committee of the Whole in the
amendment.
Tne question being taken, the committee refused
to concur.
The amendment appropriating $5,000 for an,
additional payment foi the statue of Washington,
was concurred in.
The amendment for the payment of the balance
found to be due on settlement at the Treasury to
the legal representatives of John W. Smith
deceased, being under consideration—
Mr McKAYopposed it, and after explanations
from Mr. POLK, the clause was laid aside for
the present.
The next amendment, reducing tne appropria-
tion for completing the custom-house at New
London, ftom $12,000 to $9,000, was taken up.
Aftersomed!scussion,m whichMessrs HUNT-
INGTON, POLK, McKAY, PEARCE of Rhode
Island, REED,CAMBRELENG,OSGOOD Mc-
KIM, BARBER, EL1SHA WHITTLESEY,
and PARKER, took part,
Mr H EVERETTmovedtoamendtheamend-
ment, by striking out $9,000, and inserting $5,000,
which motion was rejected—73 to 79
The question being then taken on concurnng
with the Committee of the Whole in the amend-
ment, it was decided in the affirmative.
The next amendment, reducing the appropria-
tion for electing a custom-house at New Bedfoid
from $13,000 to $8,000, was concuired in.
The next amendment, reducing the appropria-
tion for erecting a custom-house at Newburyport,
was concurred in
Mr  HIESTER moved an adjournment.  Lost.
The House then concurred in the following
amendments, without debate:
To supply a deficiency in the contingent fund
of the House of Representatives, five thousand
dollars
For completing the compilation of the laws of
the Territory of Florida, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars
For compensation to Robert Mills, one thousand
dollars
For the completion of the marine hospital in
Charleston, one thousand one hundred dollars
Foi compensating the legal repiesentatives of
John W Smth, deceased, nine hunured and ten
dolíais and twen'y-foui cents.
The amendments made in Committee of the
Whole having been gone through with—
Mr. VANCE renewed the amendment, reducing
the compensation of all the civil officeis of the
Government, and of the members of Congress,
which he had offeied in committee, and had been
rejected—
When a motion was made to adjourn, but with-
drawn, to permit
Mr. MERCER to offer a resolution.
Mr M asked the unanimous consent of the
House to offer a resolution that the House adjourn
from Thursday over to Monday, for the puipose
of cleansing the Hall, and substituting matting for
the carpe's.                        "
An objection being made, the motion was not
received.
Mr CONNOR moved an adjournment, which
was agi eed to-—85 to 73.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 8, 1834.
Aftei the Journal had been read—
M'. KANE lose and asked leave to recoid his
vote on the resolutions passed yesterday m relation
to the President's protest Mr. K. said he was
necessarily absent from his seat, not supposing the
question wo"uld have been taken.
JVlr CLAYTON remarked that he would be dis-
posed to accede to the wishes of the gentleman
trom Illinois, but he thought impor'ant and inju-
rious consequences might flow fiomit. The same
request was made last session by a Senator fiom
Vnginia, to record his vote on the force bill, and
was refused.
Mr. MOORE also objected, lie was refused
liberty to recoid his vote on the same bill last ses-
sion
Mr KANE'S íequest, requiring theummmous
consent of the Senate, was refused.
PETITIONS.
Mr BENTON piesented a memorial from the
city of Boston against lecharter.ng the Bark of the
United States, and ugatnsttheiesturation of the de-
posites, and expressing the opinion that the affairs
of the bank might be wound up without necessa-
rily pioducing general embairassment,orany evils
the appiehension of which should prevent the
National Legislature from discharging agreat debt
to the piesent age, and to posterity, by permuting
that institution to expire upon the ¡imitation of its
charter. He said that the memorial was very
numerously signed, the letter wluchjaecompanied it
stating the number at upwards of thiee thousand,
and, from his information and belie1", comprised a
mass of intelligence and respectability which en-
titled the opinions expressed to the highest regard.
Mr. B. said that he fully concurred in all (he sen-
timents expressed by the memorialists, but that
he would only avail himself of the piesent occa-
sion to present some consuleiations in favor of
the concluding sentiment expressed by the memo-
rialists
That sentiment was the expression of a belief
that the affairs of the bank might be wound up,
upon the expnation of its chaiter, without, neces-
sarily, producing any general embaí rassment to the
community. The belief, thus expressed, by a
body of citizens so numerous, so intelligent, so
respectable, inhabiting a great city, and possessing
ample means to judge of the subject, and solemn-
ly addressed to the Na'ional Legislature, was
itself an argument, and a very strong one,m favor
of the truth of their position It was, houevei,
susceptible of being sustained by extrinsic argu-
ments, and of these he wou'd present one or two
to the consideration of the Senate.
The winding up of the affairs of the bank (Mr.
B said) would affect the community at two points,
namely, the collection of debts due the bank, pnd
the retnementof its notes from circulation. He
spoke first of the collection of these debts, and
said, that, in addition to the two years allowed by
the charter for the bank to use its corporate facul-
ties m collecting its debts, and closing its aflaus,
the institution nvghl take as much moie time as it
pleased, by having recouise to the ordinal y aid
well know.i alteinative of all corpoiationi, on the
eve of d ssoiution—that of utating tui'tees, f>nd
putting its affaiis into their hands. All coipora-
tions acted in this way that chose to do so The
first Bank of the United States had done so, and
had not finished the collection of us notes in a
d<zen years after its dissolution. The present bank
might act in the same manner, and was certainly
bound to do so after the extraordinary manner m
! which that institution had inci eased its loans after
it began to have reason to believe that its charter
! might not be renewed.   There could, therefore, be
, no necessity fcr oppressing th.e debtors to the bank
by forcing them to pay up their loans at the expi-
1 ration of the charter. "The available means of the
i bank would enable it to pay up its deposites, and
ledeem its circulation, and the debts would chiefly
I be used for the reimbuisement of capital to  the
stockhrlders, and as these debts, when secured,
would be bunging an interest to the stockholders,
they would have no other inducement than other
1 cieditors have to proceed harshly and ngorously
against its debtors.                                      %
I On the next point—the withdrawal of the notes
j of the bank from circulation—he (Mr. B ) believed
that the community need not to fear any necessary
1 embarrassment fiom that measure The amount
I withdrawn would piobab'y be much less than was
! generally imagined, and the void,if any, mightbe
filled, ought to be filled, and probably would be
filled, with something very preferable to any de-
scription of bank notes whatsoever. The bank
had about seventeen millions of notes m circula-
tion, and it had about eleven millions specie in its
vaults The difference was about six millions; so
that a diminution of six millions was all that the
community had to appiehend, as the eleven mil-
lions of specie now in the bank would all be paid
out, either in refunding deposites, taking up notes,
or returning the capital to the stockholders. A
diminution of six millions is all, then, that will
have to be provided for; and we have the facts in
hand, (said Mr B ,) which authorize us to affirm
that this diminution will be far more than piovided
foi by the importation of foreign specie. These
■mpoitations m the last five months—he might say
Jour months,*br some of the custom-house returns,
especially that of New Orleans, were only to the
fust of Apnl—ti ese importations for that brief
! period amounted to .leai eight millions of dollars.
Upon this point he (Mr. B ) had the satisfaction
to speak wi'h cer'amty and pieiision; for theSee-
retaiy of the Treasury, Mr. Taney, with a view
to ascertain the specie resources of the country,
i had given orders for weekly returns of specie im-
ported ard exported Since the filst of December
last Thesereturnspresertedthegratifymgresult
of about seven millions eight hundred thousand
dollars imported, and less than a quarter of a mil-
lion, to wit, $229,918 exported Here, then, was
the void filled at once, or rather provided for, be-
fore it occurred, and long before the expiration of
the chaiter, the importations of specie and the pro-
duct of our own gold mines, now estimated at two
millions per annum, will n.ake up the deficiency,
not once, but three or four times over. Mr. B.
said that a bnef measure of legislation fiom Con-
gress, if Congress could only fmd time to legislate,
would supply the coumry with an adequate cur-
ren'-y of gold and silvei—he alluded to the palpable
object of raising the standard of gold, and making
foieign coins current at their fa.i mon'y value.
These measures, ihe woik of a few days' legisla-
tion—if we co lid only spare a few days to the
business of the people—would fill the country with
gold and with silver They would increase the
importations, great as the importations now were,
and would retain m the country a great part of
what was imported. They would also detain fo<
circulation the mass of om native gold, the whole
of which was now exported Mr. B. therefore
held that the memorialists fiom Boston were well
justified in expressing the opinion that the dis-
solution of the bank, and the winding up of its
aflaus, would not, nereisaiily, produce any general
embanassment to the people of the United States.
Aftei a few more remarks, to show that the Bank
of the United States had diminished the quantity
of calculating medium, especially in the South and
West, by collecting and carrying off more specie
than she fuTibhed notes, Ml B concluded by
making the usual motion to lead, print, and íefer
the mer""~nal
Mr EWtNG replied to "Sir Benton Mr.
B rejoined, and a conversational debate ensued
between them The substance of Ml. Beaton's
lemaiks was as follows-
