872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8 
Mr. BENTON. He complained of the bank
dealing in coin, first, because it was a breach of
the charter; secondly, because it was a positive
injury to the country, converting the bank into a
great shaving shop for specie, and enabling it, by
its capital and organization, to monopolize that
article, to raise ks price, to convert it into a com-
modity of merchandise, and to export it from the
country. This was what the bank had done. Up
to 1832 it had collected above forty millions of
specie from the States where she had branches,
and sold or exported a large portion of it. It had
collected the greatest part of this sum from the
South and West, say twenty-three millions up to
May, 1832, and several millions since. In place
of this specie carried off from the South and West,
the bank had issued small notes and checks, chiefly
five anjrten dollar notes, and these had fallen into
the current of trade, and flowed to the Northeast:
so that the South and West lost both their specie
and their paper by the operation of this bank. It
may have issued fifteen or' twenty millions of
paper in the South and West, of which very little
now remained in those sections of the Union—per-
haps not more than three or four nrllions—while
the specie taken away certainly amounted to
twenty-three millions two years ago, and probably
amounted to thirty millions now.
Certain it was, that near a million of specie was
taken from New Orleans last winter, which cer-
tainly depressed the money market there, and con-
tributed to that depression in the price of flour and
bacon which the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Ewing]
mentioned a few days ago. Mr. B. did not com-
plain of the specie which went from New Orleans
and the West in the course of trade. What was
incident to commerce must be borne with, and is
not to be counteracted by law. But he complained
of the Bank of the United States for adding its
vast operations to those of commerce, and carry-
ing offtwelve or fifteen millions from New Orleans,
which that city ought itself to use and distribute
through the channels of its own trade. These
twelve or fifteen millions, thus taken off by the
bank, diminished the ability of the city of New
Orleans to purchase western produce, and was
thus an injury to the whole West. It also dimin-
ished the supply of specie at that place, from
which place the western country received those
metals. Mr. B. repeated, it was not of the opera-
tion of commerce that he complained, but of the
operations of the bank, which had engaged in the
specie trade in violation of its charter, and by its
capital and organization had deprived the South
and West of probably thirty millions of specie,
substitutinga large issue of small notes and checks
in place of that specie; these notes and checks had
chiefly gone off to the Northeast; and thus the
South and West, by the operations of the bank,
had suffered an nctual'diminution of more than
twenty millions of their circulating medium.
Mr. CLAYTON moved to reconsider the vote
refusing leave to Mr. Kane to record his vote upon
the resolutions of Mr. Po«npexter, as amended
by Mr. Calhoun.
Upon this motion some conversation occurred
between Messrs. CLAYTON, MOORE, FOR-
SYTH, and EWING, advocating the motion, and
Messrs. PRESTON and CALHOUN opposing it.
Mr. CALHOUN objecting, leave was not
granted.
O.i motion of Mr. HENDRICKS, the special
orders were laid upon the table; and the Senate
took up, in Committee of the Whole, the bill fjr
the improvement and extension of the Cumberland
road.
This bill appropriates $652.000 to effect the ob-
ject contemnljted, and was discussed at length by
'Messrs. SOUTHARD, PRESTON, and HEN-
DRICKS, upon the general principles of the bill.
Mr. SWIFT offered an amendment to the fourth
section " that as soon as the money hereby appro-
' priated shall have been expended, and the road
' put in repair, it shall be surrendered to the seve-
' ral States through which it passes, and the Uni-
' ted States shall not be subject to any further
' expenses for its repair."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then passed as in committee of the
whole, and reported to the Senate, and the ques-
tion being on ordei ¡ng the bill to be engrossed for
a third leading—
Mr. PRESTON asked the yeas and nay's; which
were ordered, and are as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Ewing, Frelinghuy-
sen, Grundy, Hendricks, Kane, Kent, Linn,
McKean, Poindexter, Porter, Prentiss, Robbins,
Silsbee, Smith, Southard, Swift, Tallmadge,Tip-
ton, Tomlinson, Webster—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Black, Brown, Forsyth, Hill,
King of Alabama, King of Georgia, Leigh, Moore,
Naudain, Preston, Shepley, Tyler, White—13.
REPORTS.
Mr. SMITH, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a bill without amendment, for the
rehef of Thomas Blanchaid.
Mr. MOORE moved that the memorial of the
Legislature of Alabama, on the subject of school
lands, be printed; which was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business,
and after spending some time therein,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 8, 1834.
Mr. WATAÍOUGH, from the committee to
which had been referred the subject of equalizing
the pay of the army and navy, moved that the bill,
and report heretofore made, be recommitted to the
same committee; which was agreed to.
Mr. E. WH11TLESEY asked the consent of
the House that several bills which had been sent
from the Senate, and lay upon the Speaker's table,
be read, and relerred to the appropriate commit-
tees; which was agreed to.
The bills were tead and referred accordingly.
Mr. SCHLEY, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill granting a pension to
Samuel Shehnerdine; which was read twice, and
committed.
Mr. C. P. WHITE, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That one thousand additional copies
of the amended Rules and Regulations of the
Navy, communicated by the Piesident of the Uni;
ted States on the 2d May, 1834, be printed for the
use of this House.
Which resolution, by the rules, lies one day on
the table.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the relief
of the suretieáTof Thomas F. Green; which was
read twice and committed.
Mr. ClliNN laid before the House a present-
ment of the Grand Jury of the county of Wash-
ington, relative to the county jail; which was re-
feired to Committee on the District of Columbia.
The resolution, heretofore offered by Mr. Mas-
dis, relative to the deposites of the public money,
with the amend men toi'Mr.CoRwi.M, then came up.
Mr. GALBRAITÍI continued his speech, in
reply to the arguments of his colleague, [Mr. Mc-
Kenman,] until the expiration of the hour appro-
priated to morning business.
THE GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The amendments proposed to this bill by Mr.
Vance, for reducing the salaries of the President,
heads of departments, and clerks in the public
offices, heretofore discussed in Committee of the
Whole, again came up.
Mr. VANCE was not disposed to interfere with
the duties of the committee which had been raised
uoon the resolution of the gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Clayton,] relative to the duties and sal-
aries of public officers. He must state that he did
not expect much from it. He had seen five com-
mittees raised for this purpose, but had not seen
thesalary of a single officer reduced. He believed
the only mode of tffectir.-i; this object was through
the appiopriation bills. This is the only way m
which retrenchment can be effected. In 1822a com-
mittee was raised called the retrenchment commit-
tee. The labors of the committee resulted in nothing.
But at the same session a clause was added to the
appropriation bill by a gentleman from Tennessee,
providing that the salaries of officers indebted to
the Government should not be paid until their ac-
counts were balanced. This additional clause has
had a far more important effect than the labors
of any committee on reform.   The ground upon
which he placed this proposition to reduce the
salaries of officers of the Government was the
increased value of money in consequence of the
interference of the Government with the currency
of the country. Had not this been done he would
have been the last person to have proposed this
reduction. He was satisfied that the amounts
which would be received under the proposed
amendment would be quite as valuable as the
amounts received twelve months ago. Mr. V.
then went into a comparative statement of the ex-
penses of the four years of Mr. Adams's adminis-
tration with those of the present Administration,
and contended that an increase of eighteen mil-
lions had taken place, and that the increase was
going on.
Mr. WARD WELL felt obliged to make a few
remarks when assertions were made so entirely
variant from the facts as they had come under his
observation. If the proposition had been to
reduce the salaries of such officers as now received
too much compensation, as he was satisfied there
were some such, he would most cheerfully sup-
port it. But here an indiscriminate reduction of
all salaries, whether adequate or inadequate, of
from twenty-five to thirty-three per cent, is pro-
posed to be made by a sweeping amendment to
this bill, not because they were too high six months
ago, but that the price of money had been raised.
It has been stated, as the main fact upon which
this proposition is based, that two-thirds of the
amount of a salary is now equal as compensation
to the whole six months ago. Do gentlemen be-
lieve this statement? Can a single article of living
be named which can be purchased cheaper than it
could be six months ago? This ground of the
amendment was not true. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Vance] had compared the expenses of
Government for several years. This had nothing
to do with the amendment. The officers whose
salaries were included in the amendment were paid
no more thai  they had been under the former Ad-
ministration. For himself, he was satisfied that
►though some officers were paid too much, yet on
full examination, he believed there would be found
necessarily rather an increase than a diminution of
the salaries of the public officers here. He hoped
the committee to which the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vance] belonged would thoroughly examine
this subject. He could not, because a few indi-
viduals possibly receive more than they were
entitled to, support a proposition for a generalreduc-
tion of the compensation of officers, someof whom
were not probably sufficiently paid. He believed
the principle upon which the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vance] had proceeded was a mistake. If
that gentleman would inquire into the facts, he
would find that money, instead of being worth
more, was not worth so much as at many former
periods, and that the articles of living were dearer
instead of cheaper.
Mr. LEAVITT said the proposition of his col-
league [Mr. Vance] was one of so much magni-
tude and interest that he could not pass it by in
silence.   The amendment proposed a general and
indiscriminatereductionofsalaries. Heconsidered
this proposition as objectionable both with regard
to the time and circumstances.   This was an ap-
propriation bill for the support of the Government.
Its consideration, for reasons which it was not
necessary to state, had been delayed to this late
period of the session.  The functions of the Gov-
ernment are in danger of being obstructed for the
want of means for carrying them on.  Under such
circumstances a general and indiscriminate reduc-
tion is proposed.    To investigate such a proposi-
tion in a manner which its importance requires,
would occupy weeks, if not months of discussion.
There had been no previous inquiry—no report
¡I from any committee.    However powerful the in-
¡j tellectual endowments of gentlemen, it was impos-
¡l sihle for them to arrive at a coirect decision upon
II such a question, without knowing the facts.    No
11 one could say whether a public officer received too
¡| much salary, without knowing his duties, and the
ji expenses to which he was subjected.   For one, he
[| rejoiced that a committee had been raised for the
purpose of ascertaining the facts.    This committee
were now engaged in their duties.   He would con-
gratulate his colleague [Mr. Vance] m  holding a
place upon this committee.    On this subject, at
least there will be no cause for complaint that his
