] -s34.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8 T o
■views wn! be fully represented. Before he could
lote intelligently upon this pioposition, the report
of this committee was necessaiy But if a leduc-
tion of salaries was to be made upon ageuetel
hypothecs, Wuhout ascertaining toe ficts. why
was it not extended to the )i.dicnry, and the offi-
tei& of the aimyand navy' Why did not hi! 
colleague ca ry out the pi maple' It was not
possible tj go into the deta.ls of tne effect of the
umeadment. He would take the fiist item, pio
posing to i educe the sal i'y of *he President, as
¡iionitsu may beconstiti'tio mily (lone, to §13,000
Tnis salary was fixed at ¡¡>25,0jD in J7S9 Is the
piessuie of the times gieater now than in 1789,
when we had just emerged fiom the wai ot the
Revolution ? ri he sages oí i'.at perioJ of gloom
and depression did not considei g25,0U0 to be too
gie<t an allowance foi the Cnei Magistiate of the
nation Nevei, fiom that pet íod until the present
time had any piopoMuon been mide to reduce it
It such a i eduction was necessary, there had been
limes when this necessity vvas more obvious and
pressing than at tins; lime Fie did not propose
going through the items of the amendment He
hid no doubt but there were instances in which
salaries should be leduced, but without informa-
tion he was not pre^aied to act. It wa3 necessaiy
to avoid paying too much on the one hand and too
little on the other. Gentlemen mignt seek to ac-
qanepopiilantyhyarguments m favor of i educing
b^Iaiieb, but the people will not fail to undeistand
that if salines n'e fixed at too bw a rate, none but
men of foitune can afford to accept thetn Office
would, in th's mode, be thrown into the hands of
trench We had been told,asthegiound of this
rmendment, that an extraordinaiy deprcssir n in
the value of all kinds of property had been caused
by theactof the Administration lie dij not pro-
pose to take issue upon these matters of fact, as he
did not know thesouices ot information possessed
by his colledgue So far as his own knowledge
v.ent, the depiesbion state 1 did not exist
Mr L then went into a detailed leply to the
statements ot Mi. Vance, as to the incieased ev
pendtture of the Government He expressed his
surprise that his colleague, who hid been a mem-
ber of this House for thirteen yeais past, had not,
when his friends were m power, effectually en-
forced his views of reducing the salaries of public
officers." He imputed no unworthy motive to his
colleague. But he could upon former occasions
have introduced the^nncip'es of this amendment
with much greater effect, while ins po'iticat fi tends
composed a majority of the House and the Gov-
ernment
Mr VANCE briefly lephed to his colleague
The reason that he had not extended his pioposi-
tion to the aimy and navy, was, that bills were
already pending for regu'ating their pay, and he
had not extended it to the j ldiciary bee mse the
Constitution did not peí mit us to do it and, more-
over, because he had no wish to do it He inti-
mated an intention, as we undeistood him, to
retire from public life, and declared he had no
desire to be Governor of Ohio, oi to obtain any
other office He wished and intended to devote
the remainder of his Lfe to his occupation as a
farmer
Mr BATES expressed a disposition to continue
to public officers as good a compensation as they
had heretofore received ; but if money had appie-
ciated, as he contended it had, it was propel to
reduce the salaries to the extent of that apprecia-
tion.
Mr MILLERopposed the amend men tat length.
Mi EW1NG spoke, at some length, in support
of the amendment
Mr BYNUM was induced to believe, he said,
that gen'lemen who pioposed this amendment
weie not in earnest, and if they weie, they cer-
tainly presumed much upon the ignorance of the
House The proposition was to curtail the salary
of almost every officer of the Govei nmen t It was
very probab'e that gome salanes were too high,
and it was equally probable that otheis were too
low, but it v/as proposed, at one bliw, to reduce
both those that weie too high and those that were
too low. But he doubted wbethei the gentlemen
weie in earnest, because he had aopomted a com-
mittee to inquire into facts as to each office the
salary of which is pioposed to he reduced The
fact of the ippomtment of that comnwttee, supei-
| seded the necessity of this amendment.   They
( were appointed to mqune what salanes were too
| large, and what were too small, and if any were
I fcundto be either too hrge or too small, he would
cheeifi'lly vote foi their mciease ard íeduction.
But notwithstanding tne appointment of thiscom-
1 mittee,  this  amendment  was  piessed upon us,
before the íesult of its inquiiy was laid before the
House.
Much had been said about the ext.avagance of
this Administration And fiom whom did these
chaigescome > If he was not mistaken, they came
, from one political party, and thtir object was to
l pioduce political effect. When those salanes were
i established, the country was as much depressed
i as it now is, for then we had just emerged from a
long war, and had not recoveied from its depres-
! sion and embarrassments in th<* judgment of the
i whole woild, the country was ntvei more happy
than it is at the piesent t<i"e Gen lemen mast
have moie legaid foi their consistency, if they
w.sh to preserve then inf.uence With i itelhgent
people lleoou'd not assent to thecoiic'i ets of
their position, as to the present state of the eoun-
tiy compared with us former condition But for
the agitations of poh'ienns, we should be the hap-
piest people and least m need of making reductions
in salanes, than any othei in the world Gentle
men told us that one dollar now was worth as
much as two dol lars were la&t year lie could not
believe it was so Had any member here found
any íeduction in his expenses' Were the products
of the country much leduced in pnce? The ai ti-
de of cotton, which was the staple prolnctof his
pait of the country, was as high as Us average
puce for seveial yeirs past. Pork, bacon, and
corn were also as high now, within a cent oi two,
as usual. Much had been said, in íegard to the
increase of the expenditures of the Government.
The increase of population must necssanly in-
crease the expenses of Lhe Government The addi-
tion of forty members to this House showed hpw
i ^pidly the population of the countiy and its pub
lie expenditures must have mcieased Look at
our acquisitions of territory and say whether that
his noi called for increased expenditures. Twenty
thousand miles had been added to the post office
loutes. Was this extravagance 3 Was it not called
for by the necessities of the people, and was it not
ordeied by them, thiough their repiesentatives >
How could gentlemen come forwaid with charges
against the Administration on account of these
expendituies ?
Gentlemen ask on what principles the present
Administration came into power He would tell
gentlemen what were the principles on which it was
supported in his pait of the country, and would
assure them that, in respect to those principles, it
had fully met the expectations of its friends. It
wa3 expected that it would put a stop to the ruin-
ous extravagance of the system of internal im-
provements, and it had done it. It was expected
that it would reduce the tauff, and it had been
done All bad been done m this respect which
could be done, and nice than he had expected
would be done. It was expected to put a stop to
the dangerous usurpations of the United States
Bark, and had it not done it > 1 here were many
who encouiaged the Piesident in hisfiist opposi-
1 tion to the bank, and owed their popularity to it,
who were now backing out These were the prin-
ciples on which the Administration came into
power. Never, m any part of the countiy, did he
heai it objected to the late Admimstiation that the
salaries of pubhc officeis were too high, and never
was it promised, or demanded, that the present
Admimstiotion should i educe them He could
not conceive how gentlemen who had acquired
popularity by lauding the veto, could come here
and denounce 0 e Piesident for the very measuies
which they had approved.
The gentleman from Massachusetts had lugged
in the old cr,y about distress, the wonderful dis-
tress of the countiy Perhaps there might be
more distress in the gentleman's neighborhood
than in hib It beemed that all the minority were
distressed. But if themijonty rf the people were
satisfied with the opentions of the G-ovemmenr,
why should we change them ; It was extraordi-
nary foi the minority to ask the majority to yield
up their opinions and the government of this coun-
try to them    The opponents of the Administra-
tion were alone distressed, and it was their inter-
est to make it appear that the country is distressed.
The subject of the amendment was too important
to be hastily decided upon. Believing that it was
altogether an impropei time to act on the subject,
and that it was íendered unnecessary by the ap-
pointment of a committee to examine the subject,
he should vote against the amendment.
Mi. LINCOLN cons'deied the proposition as
too broad, and he could not vote foi it. He was
ready, however, to reduce such salaries as might
be found to be too I115I1 Foi many reasons it was
Ins opinion that this bill ought to be laid on the
table, to wait for some further legislation. Jf the
bill passed, urder pi esent circumstances, the whole
pecuniary concerns of the Government would be
left at the capuce, not the discretion, of one indi-
vidual in the Government. Until it was ascertained,
by law, wheie the Ticasury is, he was unwilling
to vote for the passage of the bill He would not
consent to reduce the salary of the Vice Presi-
dent, but he would reduce the salaries of the Sec-
retanes to the same sum which the second officer
of the Government receives. If the question must
be whether the amendment, as a whole, shall be
adopted or íejected, he would vote for us i ejection.
Mr. CHILTOiN rose to inquire of the gentle-
man fiom North Carolina, whether he meant to
say that the President of the United States had
made the various pledges which he spoke of to the
country pending his election' He understood the
gentleman to bay that the President had pledged
himself to the South to abolish internal improve-
ment, * 1 íeduce the tanff, and to put down the
Uni'ed States Bank. He Iibtered to the declara-
tion wi*h suipus", because the views of the Presi-
dent on those subjects were veiy differently repre-
sented by Ivs friends in the West. He leferred
paiticularly to General Jackson's letter to Gov-
ernoi Ilea Mr C. proceeded at some length,
and concluded by íemarlnng that he had nothing
to say on the sul ject of the amendment.
Mr. BOON rose to correct the gentleman as to
a mattei of fact The letter to which he refeired
was addressed, not to Governor Rea, but to the
Senate of Indiana.
Mr. BUUD spoke briefly in opposition to the
amendment. He wished to pay the public officers
amply and hbeially. Theie ought not to be a
clerit in the Post Office without a salary of one
thousand dolíais.
Mr. HARPER., of JMew Hampshire, did not
rise to continue the debate. Tne economy and
comfoit of the House required that the question
should be disposed of. He regretted that there
was no way.accoidmg to the rules of the House,
of getting the question on this amendment, with-
out cutting off the subsequent amendments. He
moved the previous question, but subsequently
withdrew the motion.
Mr. McKAY said he v/as in favor of an eco-
nomical administration of the Government, but
he should vote agmst the amendment, because it
v/as inconsistent with other parts of the bill, and
unneeessaiy, inasmuch as a committee of the
House was engaged in inquiries as to the expe-
diency of reducing salaries, and woulrh, ¡n due
time, repct
Mr BARRINGER called for the question on
each sepaiate clause of the amendment. He was
in favor cf some of the items, but would not vote
for the whole indiscriminately. Mi. B. explained
that he hid been misunderstood, as having made,
when he formerly spoke on this subject, the charge
against the (Ierk«, as a body, of inefficiency and
idlene-s He had never made any such charges
against the e'erks, as a body.
Mr. VANCE siid he had no wish to fish for
minnows If he could not get hold of the six and
seven thousand dollai gentlemen, he would with-
diaw the proposition. The question on the first
clause, 1 educing tne compensation of the Vice
President and heads of departments was then
taken, by yeas and nays, and determined in the
negative- Veas 4*3, nays 141
Mr VANCE withdrew that pirt of the amend-
ment relative to clerks; and called for thequestion
on the next clause of his amendment, which pro-
poses to limit the emoluments of the collectors and
other officers of the customs
Mr SUTHEUL4IND said it was m contempla-
tion to equalize the emoluments of the collectors
