882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
his views of the subject at length; but,as the hour
was late, and the Senate thin, he moved to post-
pone the subject, and make it tne special ordei for
to-morrow, which wss agreed to.
The Senate then, on motion of Mr BENTON,
proceeded to the consideiation of executive busi-
ness; and, when the doois were opened,
The Senate adjourned
May 13,
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 13, 1834.
The report from the Committee of Elections, in
the case of the election contested between Thomas
P. Moore and Robert Letcher, waa taken up
as the special order for this day.
Mr JONES said, that as the report of the mi-
nority of the committee was not yet punted, and
as it is desirable that it should be before the House,
he would move the postponement of the subject
till Monday next.   The motion was agreed to.
Mr STEWART, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, repoited, withoutamendment, the bill
from the Senate for continuing the Cumberland
road, which was committed
Mi. ASHLEY reported a bill,granting the pre-
emption right to certain lots of land in the town of
Louisiana, in the State of Missouri, for the use of
schools _ Read twice and committed.
Mr WISE, on leave, presented a memorial from
sundi y inhabitants of Yoik county, Virginia, pray-
ing Congress to can y into effect a resolution passed
m 1781, tor the erection of a monument on the spot
where the British aimy, undei Cornwallis, surren-
dered, and moved us reference to a select commit-
tee of five members The motion was agieed to
Mr. WISE also presented a memorial fiom the
citizens of Gloucester county, Virginia, praying
Congress to take measures to establish a unitotm
currency, and moved Us refeience, with instruc-
tors, to a select committee of seven, giving notice
that he would call up the motion on Monday next
Mr. DEMING reported a bill for the relief of
Josepn Gilbert; which was twice read and com-
mitted
Mi CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, made an unfavorable report on the
petition of Louis Tesson, alias Honore, which
was ordered to lie on the table
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr BOON moved the suspension of the rules m
order to call up for consideration the resolution
heretofore submitted by him for the adjournment
of Congress on the 31st ot May, viz
Reiobcd, That the President of the Senate and
the Speaker of the House of Representatives, close
the present session of Congress by an adjourn
ment of their respective Houses on Saturday, the
31st day of May i ext                                                i
Mi .BOON gave notice, that if the motion pre-'
vailed, he would modify the resolution so as to fix
upon the 16'h day of June as the day of adjourn-
ment     He called for tne yeas and nays on the
motion, and they were oideíed                                  i
The question being taken, it was decided in the
affiima"ve- Yeas 152, nays 12
Mr BOON said, before he proceeded to discuss
the tesolution, he would take leave to repel an
unfounacd attack made upon him in a public pr.nt
)i reference to Ins introduction of the reso'ution
it was contained m the Telegiaph of April last
and puipoited to be an extract Aom a le'ter wi it-
ten Com thib House [Mi B here read theieUei
at length ] The writer of .', he said, was un-
known to mm, but wnoever he might be, h  pio-
nounced it to be a false, base calumny, with malice
a'orechoi'ght written When le first submitted
the resolution, it was suggested to him by j. fiiend
that the House was thin He accordm >Jy with-
di ew it, at the same time distinctly stating that he
would not then rress i' on account of the thinness
of the House, and that ne would take an earlv
opportunity to renew the mofon The idea inti-
mated by the leuer-wruer, that he was " subser-
vient to the kitche i or to an imperial mastei " was
unworthy of rep.y. It was too contempt.ble for
nonce, aid he should not have noticed the writer
at all wre it not to repel tne insinuation that he
vas actuated by an insidious motive m proposal?
the resolution He held hmise'f tesponsibleto no
authouty but that of his onstitucts     He sent '
his proposed modification of the resolution to the
chair.
The resolution as modified was then read as
follows:
Resolved, That the President of the Senate and
the Speaker of the House of Representatives close
the present session of Congiess, by an adjourn-
ment of their respective Houses, on Monday, the
16-h day of June next.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion.
Mr   HARPER moved to stnke out the 16 h,
and mseit the 14th.    He was nogieat stickler for
the Sabbath, but it was evident that if Monday
was fixed, we must sit on Sunday, which, he
thought, ought to be avoided.
The motion was rejected
Mr. WARDWELL moved to strike out Mon-
day and insert Tuesday.    Agreed to
Mr EWING moved to amend the resolution by
adding the following- " Provided the essential
business of the people shall by that time be dis-
posed of "
Mr ANTHONY asked who should determine
the question, we or the people.
Mr. EWING made a remark in reply, which
we did not hear, and called for the yeas and nays
on the motion, which were refused
The mo'ion was then put and rejected.
Mi. DENNY consideied, he said, that it was
our duty to íemain in session till eveí y hope of
relief was extinguished
Mr VINTON inquiied of the honoiable chair
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
whether it was his intention, at the present ses-
sion, to call up the bill for the regulation of the
contracts with the deposite banks
Mr POLK replied that, so far as he was con-
cerned, or those who united with him in reporting
the bill, and indeed so far as he could leam the
sert.ments of those with whom he commonly
acied.he would say that it was intended to call up
that bill for action at the present session He
fuither would state that he would call the bill so
soon as the necessary appropriation bills were
acted upon
Mr ARCHER expiessed the hope that the hon-
orable cha,¡man would give notice to the House
of the time when he would call up that bill.
Mr POLK replied that he would do so, and in
answer to some inquiries fiom those around him
he said there were five appropriation b>lls repoi ted
from the Committee of Ways and Means, which
i  he was desirous to have speed dy acted upon, viz-
j  one miking appropriations for the Indian depart-
|   ment, one foi certain fortifications foi  the year
1834, one for Ind.an annuities, ard other simi'ar
I oojerts, one for continuing the Cumberland load,
in Ohio, Ind ana, and Illinois,and lepaiung said
f   road cast of the Ohio, and continuing certain ter-
I   ritonal i oads, and one making additional appropri-
ations forthe improvement of ceifam haibors and
removing obstiuctions in  the mou hs of certain
nveis    There was a bill m relation to West Point
Academy, and rtheis of importance, fiom other
committees, (said Mr  P ,) yet to be acted upon
I he theitfore hoped that the House would be dis-
[ posed to immediately considei and act promptly
| upon the appropriation bills
,     Mi   VINTON said the bill leferred to by him
was of su-h importance to the country, that the
House would notbejustifiedinadjoumino- until it
I was disposed of     He should vote a a°nst the
reso'ution                                                   °
Mr HARDIN said he had received some time
since ,i memorial from his constituents whi<-h he
had not yet had an opportunity to present it was
highly probable that before the middle of June or
July it would come to his turn to present H In ,t
" waG expressly .equested to oppose any ad-
journment of Congress unul something was done
for the lehef of the count, y, by the establishment
of a bariK or tne renewal of the chaiter of the
present bank
Mr CHILTON remarked Out, as no benefit
couid be expected to íesült from a prot.ae.ed ses
sion, he should vo.e for the lesc'mion
Mr PLÜV1MER called for tne orde.s of the
day   and  the question  being put thereon, u was
de£íeJ„'^h.e "£'watl*e ^ * '°te of 81 to G4
i he SPEAKER commun.ca'ed to the House t
lettei fiom Samuel A. Foot, transa iUmghiSiesl
nation of h>s seat m this House.           S             S
The SPEAKER announced, as the special or-
d*r of the day, " the bill to provide for the settle-
ment of ceitam revolutionary claims "
Mr   CRANE, who was enu led  to the floor
i when the bill was 'ast undei  coiii.ide>-ition, rose
andsuppoited the provisions of the bill m a speech
of an hour and'a half, and was fo'lowed by
Mi H. ALLEN, who expressed himself to be
favorably inclined towaids revolutionary claims,
but pointed out several objections to the provisions
of the bill, which he explained at length.
Mr   TURR1LL r il: Mi. Speaker, if I had
succeeded, as I hau hoped to do, in obtaining the
floor at an earliei day, it was my purpose to have
examined somewhat minutely the several resolu-
tions and statutes which have been   passed by
Congress ¡n relation to the commutation of pay
by the officers of our revolutionary army, together
with the leasons which led to their passage, and
fiom such examination to have demonstrated that
these meritorious  mei   possess   both  legal and
equitable claims against the United States, and that
rigid justice requnes that these claims should be
referred to some competent office for settlement.
But, Mi- Speaker, this whole subject has been so
I fully and so ably discussed by the honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr Cra\e,] who has to day
I addressed the House in favor of the bill, that Í
[ know I should be tiespassing too fai upon the pa-
tience of the House were I to occupy the time by
enteung upon such an examination of this subject
I do not, theieforc, now rise for the purpose of
entering into a full discussion of the men's of this
bill, or with a v.ew of answering the various ob-
jections which have been, oi  which may yet be,
urged «gainst it, but meiely to state, m as brief a
mannei as possible, some of the most prominent
reasons which induced me to egree to the bill in
the committee, and which will now govern my
vote on the question Before the House, in doinf
.  which, Í will detain the House but for a very
• short time
I     It is matter of history, sir, that during the war
I, of the Revolution, this country was suffering under
il great pecuniary  embarrassment.   The  Govern-
r  ment could not piocure the necessary means to
clothe and feed the army, much less to pay the
officers and soldiers     As the war pr. ceeded, the
difficult.esincreased, the country became more and
more embarrassed, and so great and so threaten-
ing were our dangers, that the stoutest hearts be an
, to tremble foi  the íesult, the ft tends of liberty
were engaged in a glorious, bat a most unequal,
struggle     The pecuniary means, which were in-
dispensable to a successful  piosecution of their
great undeitaking, could not be obtained     At this
cusís Congress íesorted to the only expedient m
its power to maintain the cause of ihe country and
keep its army m the field    Full compensation was
piomised to those who should stand by their coun-
try to the end of tl at eventful contest, and pro-
vision was also made for the widows of those who
should die in the seivice.   The resolution passed
in May, 1778, secures to "all military officers
commissioned by Congress," who con'inued in
the sen ice of the United States "dunngthe war "
seven years' half pay     In August, 17e0, Con-
gress declared " that trie lesolution of May 15th,
' 1778, gianung half pay for seven years to the
ofr-cers of the army who should continue in the
service to the end of the war, be extended to the
,    widows of those ofikeis who have died, or shall
hereafter die, in tne se.vice "    In October, 1780,
Congress declared by reso'ution, '' that the officeia
,    wno shall continue in the serv.ee to the end of
1 ' the war, shall also he entitled to half-pay durin 
|   hte,to commence'"romihetimeof thereuuction "
Heie, then, Mr Speaker, was an expiess a^ree-
I  ment, on the pait of the Uiu'ed States, to give to
I those oficeis who should seive to the end of the
i  war half pay duung life   And this solemn national
pleuge was given at the uigent request of Gen-
eral Vasmngton, whose poweiful  and patnotic
mind was deeply impressed with the necessity, as
,| well as tne ,a, ice, of the measuie     It was soon
,1 ül^oveieJ,howeve,,thatthisarrangement,thoa"h
,   manifestly j ,st and expedient, awoke associations
and p ej idires amoig ihe p.op'e, which lenoVefl
¡t vei y unpopular in many of tb S ates, insomuch
that the officers of ihe Revolution, a! hoi °-h they
had fa.thlully perfoi med their pait of the contract,
ana were justly entitled to half pay for life, foi the
