1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
387
ties, salt, implements, &c, from $20,000 to
$SJ9,500-, which, after some debate, in which
Messrs. BATES, POLK, and SEVIER, took
part, was agreed to.
Mr. POLK moved to strike out $8,000,and in-
sert $15,223, for the expenses of locating reserva-
tions and certifying contracts under the Creek
treaty of the 24th March, 1832.   Agreed to.
On motion of Mr. POLK, the clause appro-
priating $500 for compensation to a commissioner
to value the improvements of the Brother-town
Indians, was stricken out.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, a clause was
adopted allowing §2,000 for running a line between
the Sacs and Foxes.
A great number of amendments were adopted
on motion of Mr. POLK and Mr. HUBBARD.
Mr. POLK moved an additional clause appro-
priating $241,000 for the removal of five thousand
Creeks west of the Mississippi, and $27,520 for
furnishing them with blankets, implements, &c,
according to the stipulations of the treaty for their
removal.
Mr. SEVIER proposed to amend the amend-
ment by adding a proviso that the Indians should
be removed under an authorized agent of the
United States.
After some remarks from Messrs. POLK and
MARDIS, Mr. SEVIER withdrew his motion,
and the motion of Mr. POLK was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. POLK, an amendment was
adopted, appropriating §68,325 for the expenses of
the removal of the Cherokees to the west of the
Mississippi.
Mr. VINTON asked whether the Cherokees
were to be removed from Tennessee or Georgia?
Mr. POLK said from Georgia.
Mr. VINTON said so far as the appropriation
related to the Cherokees in Georgia, he should not
object to it. He moved a proviso, confining the
appropriation to the Indians residing in Georgia
and Alabama.
Messrs. WAYNE, POLK,and WILLIAMS,
opposed ihe proviso, and it was supported by
Messrs. VINTON and BATES-, when it was
rejected.
The motion of Mr. POLK was then agreed to.
On motion of Mr. POLK, some further amend-
ments were adopted.
Mr. HA WES moved an amendment, the object
of which was to provide that all payments of
moneys under this bill, should be made to ^he
Indians directly.
Mr. H. EVERETT suggested a modification,
providing that the payments should be made to
the chiefs of the tribe respectively.
Mr. HAWES accepted the amendment.
Mr. MARDIS said that this amendment would
prevent the Creek Indians now living east of the
Mississippi from receiving their annuity till they
go wesl, because their government was dissolved.
Mr. PLUMMER was of the opinion that the
money ought to be paid to the individuals of the
tribe directly. The chiefs and captains now get
all, and the poor and ignorant Indians none.
Mr. H. EVERETT suggested a further modi-
fication of the amendment, adding to it, " or to
such persons as the tribes shall appoint."
Mr. HAWES said his object was to provide
that the poor Indians should receive their share,
and that this Government should not be held
responsible for the money.
Some discussion followed, in which Messrs.
VANCE,SEVIER, FILLMORE,and EW1NG,
took part.
Mr. ASHLEY proposed an amendment to the
amendment, providing that the agent should see
the amount paid to the heads of faJnilies entitled
to the same.
Mr. ASHLEY, in support of this proposition,
remarked that last year forty or fifty thousand dol-
lars was paid to the chiefs on the Mississippi, no
part of which was paid to the Indians, but was
delivered by the xhic-fs to an individual without
opening the boxes, and were placed in one of the
banks at St. Louis.
The amendment was further debated by Messrs.
PARKER, PLUMMER.LANE, and EI. EVER-
ETT.
When the question was taken on Mr. Ashley's
amendment to the amendment, which was adopted
—ayes G8, noes 57.
The question was then taken on the amendment
as amended, which was lost without a count.
Mr. LEWIS moved to amend the bill by adding
an appropriation of $11,600 for certain Creek In-
dians, followers of Mcintosh.
After a brief explanation by Mr. LEWIS, the
amendment was adopted.
The committee then rose, and reported the bills
to the House, with the amendments.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President, enclosing a copy of a
convention with the King of the Two Sicilies;
And another message, enclosing a copy of a
convention with the Emperor of Russia; the rati-
fication of both having been exchanged.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
several communications from the departments, in
reply to resolutions calling for information.
Mr. EIAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the commutation bill was recommitted to
the Committee of the Whole on the stale of the
Union.
Before the question was taken,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 15, 1834.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Donelson, his Private
Secretary, transmitting a copy of a treaty of peace,
amity, and commerce, between the United States
and the Republic of Chili.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a commu-
nication from the Navy Department, relative to
the naval asylum cf Philadelphia.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a commu-
nication from the Treasury Department, transmit-
ting a report from the register and receiver of the
land office at St. Stephens, m the State of Ala-
bama.
The VICE PRESIDENT communicated a let-1
ter from the Secretary of War, enclosing a report j
fiom the Chief Topographical Engineer, in com- I
pliance with the  resolution of the Senate of the
6ih instant, rela'ive to the harbor of Norwalk, !
Connecticut; which, on motion of Mr. TOMLIN-
SON, was ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS.
Mr.NAUDAIN presented the proceedings of a
meeting of inhabitants of Wilmington, Delaware,
censuring the doctrines advanced in the protest of
the President of the United States to the ¡esolu-
tior.s of the Senate of the 17th of April.
Mr. N. said that he viewed these proceedings in
the light of an appeal—a response of the people
to the President's paper.    He said that he should
not detain the Senate many minutes, but he would
take occasion briefly to animadvert upon this re-
markable paper, called the President's protest.   He
viewed itas an encroachment upon the rights of the
Senate, and the liberties of a free and magnanimous
people.   It had no parallel in history.    Represent-j
ative Government might be overturned by execu- ]
live encroachment; and mark it, sir, said Mr. N., j
this very protest is pregnant with such assumptions \
as are utterly repugnant to the genius of the Con- I
stitution.    It seems, sir, that we must meet the '
rebuke of the President, when we call into question ;
his motives.   Mr. N. said that ho had long thought '
that what was done in this and the other House, '■
was not to be called m question, and he thought it I
was time that the people should condemn this en- ¡
croachment upon the privileges of a ccordinate
branch of the Government.  Mr. N. said he should ,
like to know whether an encroachment of this char- ;
acter was not calculated to call down the rebuke of
the people'  Is liberty of speech to be infringed, !
and thus blot out the beams of discussion?  He !
hoped the American people would respond to the
appeal, both far and near.    The second resolution ¡
was worthy of a free people.    It utterly denies i
the right of the President to make the officers of ,
the Government/lis agents, and entirely repudiates j
the idea of a President's claiming to be the Lord j
Protector and Dictator of the Commonwealth, and
to make the officers of the Government obedient to
/us will.
Mr. N. thought the citizens of Delaware had a
right to animadvert upon the paper, as promulga-
ted by the Globe, the official journal.    The paper j
(the protest) was an unwarrantable assumption of Í
the rights of the Senate in its legislative character.
The President claims the^right, in that paper,
to appoint and remove, to and from office, at his
mere will and pleasure. Mr. N. thought this to
be utterly subversive of the rights of the Senate.
What! Shall the President create vacancies when
he pleases, a kind of irresponsible responsibility?
Mr. N. referred to the history of 1629, when the
President first came into power. He removed
many and faithful officers, because he did not
choose to be responsible for their acts. Ele would
instance an honorable member on this floor, [Mr.
Smith,] who had been appointed and confi1med
by the Senate, as district attorney for the State
of Connecticut, and had been unceremoniously
ejected from office. To carry out the inference,
he might nominate to office, the Senate might con-
firm the nomination, and directly they adjourned,
though they should sit until July, the President
revokes the appointment and places anotherincum-
bent to discharge the duties of the office, perhaps
obnoxious to the Senate, the constitutional advisei s
of the President. Mr. N. said he did not wish to
impress the Senate with the belief that he thought
that this abuse had been carried out into actual
practice. He believed that consummation had not
yet arrived.
Mr. N. was satisfied that the Globe spoke from
authority, and he usually gave credence to any
assertion of that paper, comprehending executive
policy, and consequently believed that the Pres-
ident, as suggested by an article in that paper,wouid
shortly send in certain nominations. He was
satisfied that the President, in the doctrines of the
protest, had cast oif all pretensions to limitations
of power. Who, sir, (sail! Mr. N.,) is to control
this man, characterized in the resolution as the
Lord Proieetorand Dictator of the Commonwealth?
Sir, I believe it; I do believe it, that we have
arrived at a most alarming era in our history.
What is there left for us? The President claims all
right; what check remains? He-has placed his
hands upon the public Treasury, he says, upon his
responsibility. What is responsibility > Impeach-
ment? No President, sir, can be impeached. No;
sir; no, sir. Any Executive who may attempt
encroachments, lays bis plans deep and broad. I
mean not to impute any impure motives to the
present Chief Magistrate, but I would ask, sir,
what is_ to forbid him from taking the Treasury of
the people to bribe the people? Think you a mall
who is determined to usurp power is regardful of
checks? The President says to his Secretary of
the Treasury," Mr. Secretary, I takethe respon-
sibility." Mr. Secretary says, " Sir, the respon-
sibility is mine, and I can't ¡surrender the trust."
" Get out of office, then, sir," responds the Ex-
ecutive; and there are men supple and pliant
enough to take his place.
Mr. N. then expatiated upon the cognomen
lately adopted, of Whig; stated that the party had
good reason to adopt that venerable and highly
regarded name; and he was glad that a poilion of
his constituents, the ¡rood people of Wilmington,
had adopted the appellation, and he hoped that the
sentiments they promulgated in their resolutions
would be adopted throughout the country.
Mr. SMITH rose to correct an error in the
remarks of the gentleman from Delaware, [Mr.
Naudain.] In his remarks, just delivered, that
gentleman had appealed to him, (Mr. S.,) as afford-
ing an instance of the exercise of arbitrary power
on the part of the President of the United States.
This was a matter of great surprise to him; for
he had never supposed the act alluded to to be so.
He was not conscious of any injustice having been
done towards him by the President, in the instance
alluded to; nor had he ever before heard friend or
foe making it such. And if the President had not
done many other things in the course of his ad-
ministration much more exceptionable than this,
he would have found him among his supporters.
He objected to the inference made from this fact
by the honorable gentleman from Delaware.
Mr. NAUDAIN said he was not mistaken as
to the facts. He stated them correctly; and he had
a right to draw the inference that the President
had used an unwarrantable stretch of power. He
did not think the gentleman [Mr. Smith] was
aggrieved, but he thought that the nation was, by
an arbitrary disolay of executive prerogative.
Mr. FORSYTH said he would be glad to know
