388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
why gentlemen wished this paper printed. Hedid
not perceive what use«ould be made of it. No le-
gislative action, or reference of it, was proposed.
Mr. NAUDAIN replied that he desired it on
account of the high respectability and intelligence
of the people who sent the memorial here. It was
their response to the appeal of the President, and
he thought it but respectful on the part of the Sen-
ate to print it.
Mr. FORSYTH held the reasons to be entirely
unsatisfactory, that the paper ought to be printed
under the idea that it was respectful to the citizens
who sent it here. We had no authority to expend
the public money in this way. We had a sum of
money placed at our disposal, to be appropriated
to defraying the contingent expenses of the Senate,
not for the purpose of administering to our own
vanity. The protest of the Piesident of the Uni-
ted States wa3 disposed of; it was not before us;
it was not printed; not out of respect to the people
or the President of the United States. Why, then,
encumber our tables with this new matter?
Mr. CHAMBERS said he had presented the
first expression of the people upon the protest
which was laid on the table. The President had
appealed to the people on an issue of his own, and
rumor said that forty thousand copies of them had
been printed and circulated through the country.
The Senate had responded to that paper as it
thought proper, and this was the verdict of the
rjeople coming back to us, and gentlemen wished
to put it on the table to sleep. He asked tbegen-
tleman from Georgia what useful information was
to be derived from printing memorials. The sub-
ject to which they applied was put to rest, and yet
we were daily priming them.
Mr. FORSYTH said the gentleman from Ma-
ryland [Mr. Chambers] would recollect that all
memorials were sent to a committee, and they
were proposed to be the subject for legislation.
The printing of memorials stood upon an entirely
different footing from this: they might be wanted.
But he begged to know who wanted to refer to this
paper,- The gentleman said it was the verdict of
the people upon the protest of the President; and
suppose one hundred thousand of them should
come here, would they make any difference in the
direction of popular opinion in the issue between
the President and the"Senate! It could give the
public no information to print it. If we. were to
multiply the number it might. But it could be
of no utility to print, except to put money into the
hands of our printer. It was right that the paper
should be received, read, and referred to, by hon-
orable Senators who see their own images reflected
in it. It was for the majority, however, who
delighted in such exhibitions, to say whether it
. should be printed or not.
Mr. CHAMBERS replied, that yesterday the
gentleman from Georgia voted against laying the
Ohio memorial on the table, and he (Mr. C.) did
not perceive how he could justify a vote against
printing a paper on the same subject.
Mr. CLAYTON said that this was not only a
protest against the President's protest, but it was
an expression of the sentiments of a portion of the
people on the restoration of the deposites and other
agitating subjects. He wanted to know the senti-
ments of the people of Delaware and to have them
for reference to.
Mr. KANE remarked, if it was just and proper
to print this paper, the motion ought to be amend-
ed, so as to include the printing of the President's
protest. And he appealed to the candor of the
Senate, whether, if this paper was to be printed
and to go among the documents and be preserved,
the protest ought not to be preserved with it.
That paper had existence, but not among the doc-
uments of the Senate. Any one who might here-
after take up the charge of certain individuals,
could not see whether the charge was true or false.
It was very unfair to give an opportunity to indi-
viduals to make this charge, without placing the
instrument by the side of the charge, as its refuta-
tion. He was willing to vote to print, if the anti-
dote could be permitted to go with the poison; he
therefore moved an amendment that the protest be
printed with the memorial.
Mr. CLAY thought the amendment was not in
order. The protest was already pretty well circu-
lated—forty thousand having been distributed from
the Globe office.
The CHAIR decided that the amendment was
in order.
Mr. CHAMBERS appealed from the decision
of the Chair; and after some conversation between
Mr. CLAY, Mr. CLAYTON, and Mr. CHAM-
BERS, he withdrew the appeal.
Mr. FORSYTH said he should vote against the
amendment, on the same ground that he would
vote against) prl nting the paper,not out of disrespect
to the people of Delaware. The paper was deserv-
ing of respect from the number and character of
the signers of it. He opposed the printing, simply
on the ground that it was utterly useless. Honor-
able gentlemen could make themselves masters of
its contents at the clerk's desk. No legislation
was designed to be founded on it. The question
was settled. The protest was no longer a subject
of consideration for us. This memorial belonged
to that large class of papers which were to be
printed out of respect to our constituents; and on
this ground he would vote against both the amend-
ment and the motion to print the paper. It was
no respect to the President of the United States to
put the protest on our printed files. Its only use
was for reference. The gentleman from Kentucky
referred to the uncontradicted story of forty thou-
sand copies of the protest having been printed at
the Globe office; and he thought the silence of the
friends of the Administration was an admission of
the truth of the fact. Now he, Mr. F., denied
the justness of any such inference. But suppose
it were true, he would ask if it had been done
at the people's expense? Our documents were
¡j printed at the public expense; butas to this story,
'' if they were printed, it was at the expense of the
President himself. But he did not believe it was
true. Indeed, he ventured to assert that not a
single cent of the expense incurred for printing the
protest came out of the public Treasury AII the
presses here had printed matter in support of their
own parties.
Mr. KANE remarked that he did not say that
the protest was misquoted, for he did not know
whether it had been or not. All he said was that
the doctrines of the protest were misrepresented.
These .persons had erred in their opinions of what
the protest was. He thought that neither should
be printed; but it was both unfair and improper to
print an attack on the President and not print the
protest itself. The effect which it would have
would be unjust, and if either should be printed,
both should.
Some further remarks were made by Mr. PRES-
TON,Mr.POIND£XTER,and Mr. FORSYTH,
when the amendment was negatived, and the mo-
tion to print was agreed to.
Mr. CLAYTON asked the suspension of the
orders, and called up the bill providing for an
equal representation in the Legislative Council of
the people of the Territory of Florida. The rule
being suspended, the bill was read a third time, and
Mr." POINDEXTER requested the considera-
ion of his resolution for printing the Journals of
the Old Congress; which, being agreed to, the reso-
lution, on his motion, was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CHAMBERS, from the Committee on the
Districtof Columbia, reported a bill to incorporate
the Washington Horticultural Society, with an
amendment.
PENSION AGENCY.
Mr. CLAYTON resumed his argument on the
resolutions of the Judiciary Committee on the
pension agency of the Bank of the United States.
Before he proceeded, he submitted the following
resolutions as an amendment to those reported by
the committee:
Resolved, That the act of Congress for the relief
of certain officers and soldiers of the Revolution,
passed on the 15th of May, 1828, and the act sup-
plementary to that acti passed on the 7th of June,
1832, are properly acts providing for the payment
of military pensions.
Resolved, That no power is conferred by any
law, upon the Department or Secretary of W_ar, to
remove the agency for the payment of pensioners,
under the said act of the 7th June, 1832, and the
funds, books, and papers, connected with that
agency, from the Bank of the United States, and
to appoint other agents to supersede that bank in
the payment of such pensioners.
On concluding his argument,
Mr. KANE took the floor and spoke in reply to
Mr. Clayton, and in opposition to the resolutions,
and after proceeding a short time, gave way to a
motion by Mr. WRIGHT for an adjournment;
which prevailed.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 15, 1834.
Mr. HARPER, of New Hampshire, reported a
bill for the relief of Jdseph W. Greer and others.
Read twice and committed.
Mr. MERCER reported, from the Committee
on Roads and Canals, a resolution for printing a
number of copies of a treatise on roads and canals;
which was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. BOON asked the unanimous consent of the
House to take up for consideration the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the Senate and
the Speaker of the House of Representatives close
the present session of Congress by an adjournment
of their respective Houses on Monday, the 16th.
day of June next.
An objection being made, Mr. BOON moved the
suspension of the rules, and thereon asked theyeaa
and nays; which were ordered.
The question being taken, the motion was agreed
to; yeas 126, nays 23.
Mr. HARDIN moved to strike out the 16th of
June, and insert the 30th day of June.
Mr. H. presumed, he said, that neither the hon-
orable member from Indiana, nor any member of
the House, was more anxious for an early adjourn-
ment than he was. Business, both of a public and
private nature, demanded his return home. But
he was unwilling to fix upon so early a day as the
16th day of June. It would leave but twelve par-
liamentary days for the despatch of the public
business. The two last petition days we occupied
in getting through New York and into Pennsyl-
vania. Another day we might get as far as North
Carolina, and by that time there would be distress
enough at the north to occupy another day. Fri-
days and Saturdays were set apart for local and
private business. Who could believe that we can
leave here on the 16th of next month, and des-
patch the public or private business which is most
pressing ? There were five appropriation bills to
be acted upon, besides the commutation bill, the
bill giving pensions to those who were engaged in
the Indian wars, the Potomac bridge bill, the Ches-
apeake and Ohio Canal bill, the Cumberland rood
bill, the bill regulating the Indian Department, and
the bill for the regulation of the Post Office Depart-
ment. All these bills were of the most urgent
importance. He knew not bow many days the
House were to be engaged in the unpleasant elec-
tion contest which would be taken up next week,
but certainly it could not be disposed of in less
time than three or four days. The Judiciary Com-
mittee, to which he belonged,had reported anum-
ber of bills to the House which require immediate
action, and not one of them had yet been taken up.
It was true that we had been five months in session,
and that owing to the situation of the country and
the state of parties, the time had been unprofitably
spent. Thenext session, it must be recollected,
is restricted in length by the Constitution, and must
terminate on the 3d day of March. It was, there-
fore, the more important that we should despatch
as much business as possible at the presentsession.
It was improper, too, in reference to the business
of the Senate to fix an early day. The body would
have important business to despatch in relation to
nominations, and they have not yet acted upon the
appropriation bills, or upon the bill for the pay-
ment of lost property. In aspirit of liberality, we
oueht not to force, them to take the responsibility
of fixing a day different from that proposed by the
House. He hoped the mover would strike out
the 16th of June, and insert the 30th of June.
Mr. CAMBRELENG rose, he said, to make a
suggestion to the gentleman from Indiana, who
had brought forward this measure. It was evi-
dent that the" House was not prepared to-day to
fix upon the time of adjournment. He hoped we
should agree, on all sides, to pasa some important
