1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
389
measures. The House, he hoped, would not
adjourn till the com billa were acted upon. The
attention of the House would also be necessarily
drawn to the new, extraordinary, and unexpected
attitude assumed by the Bank of the United States.
He hoped the gentleman from Indiana would con-
sent to. the postponement of the further consider-
ation of the resolution till this day fortnight, and
he made that motion
Mr. H. EVERETT did not wish to prolong
the session of Congress, but he was not now ready
to fix the day of adjournment. Some bills relative
to the Indian department, which was well deserv-
ing of the attention of the House, would be re-
ported on Monday next He hoped, therefore,
the resolution would be postponed.
Mr. WILDE said the extraordinary unanimity
with which the motion to suspend the rules of the
House m order to take up this subject, had been
cained, clearly indicated that the House were dis-
posed to act on the subject at once. Whatever
individual feeling he might entertain in favor of an
early adjournment, there were considerations of
a public character which rendered a precipitate
adjournment highly inexpedient But still he was
disposed to be governed by the majority of the
House If we were not to act upon the highly
important subject of the currency, we might dis-
patch all the other business of importance by the
time proposed in the resolution. Whether we
should or should not act definitely on that sub-
ject, rested with the majority of this House. In
the present temper of the two bodies, it was ob-
vious that, whatever time might be spent on the
subject, its fate was certain. If there was no
intention to do anything m reference to the subject
of the currency, there was no necessity foi post-
poning the resolution. After we had passed it,
the Senate could amend or postpone it as they
pleased It was a law of politics, as well as of
nature, that no two great epidemics could prevail
at the same time No matter what subject we
may take up, the currency question must run into
it. If we did not intend to act upon it, we might
as well adjourn
Mr. MERCER, rose to support the motion of
the gentleman from New York The calendar
which he held in his hand contained four hundred
and fifty bills, of which we had not touched more
than fifty. The Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had before it the unprecedented
number of thirty-nine bills, every one of which
was important
Mr. BEARDSJLEY recollected, he said, only
one session which was prolonged beyond the mid-
dle of June, and that was the last long session.
Two subjects of great moment—the bank and the
tariff—were then before Congress. The time of
adjournment was at fust fixed four or five weeks
before the day on which the adjournment finally
took place. He felt satisfied that it was the wish
of his constituents, and of the country at large,
that we should pass a few of the bills of general
interest and go home It was not desired by the
people that we should stay here during the sum-
mer; and every one knew that, after the 1st of
June, we could not continue in session, without
hazarding our health. He would grant that little
business had been done by this Congress, and he
would undertake to say that if we sat three months
longer, we should not pass more than half a dozen
general bills He fully believed that our constitu-
ents wished us to close the session aftei passing
the appropriation bills and a few others of a gen-
eral nature.
Mr BURGES was in favor of the motion to
postpone, but would prefer to postpone the res-
olution to the time when this House should consent
to do something for the relief of the country
Mr FILLMORE hoped that a time would be
fixed for the adjournment, in order that we might
begin to select and act upon the most important
business before the House He did not care what
time was fixed, but he hoped it would be fixed at
once.
Mr. DICKSON moved the previous question,
but withdrew it at the request of
Mr BOON, who wished, he said, to renly to
eomeof the remarks which had been made When
he introduced this resolution, he was of the opin-
ion that, in a time of profound peace, six months
was long enough for the despatch of the business
of Congress, and he thought so now If gentle-
men would act, instead of debating, the business
of the House would soon be despatched. But
nothing could be said or done here which had not
some immediate reference to the United States
Bank; and unless the House would fix the day of
adjournment, this kind of debate might last live or
six months longer. This resolution was intro-
duced in the ordinary way It was not usual for
the House to appoint a committee to report what
business it was necessary to act upon until the day
of adjournment was fixed.
We had been here five months speech-making,
President-making, and Vice-President-makmg, it
had been entirely a political session, and not a
session for business. To continue here was only
to continue the excitement which had been got up
in the country He was sorry that he could not
accept the modification proposed by the gentleman
from Kentucky. There was a difference of opin-
ion among his friends as to the time proper to be-
fixed, some wishing as early a day as the 31st of
May, and others a day as late as the 1st of July,
but he had fixed upon the middle of June, and
now left it to the majority of the House to dispose
of it as they pleased.
Mr LOVE thought (he said) that the minority
in the House acted injudiciously in opposing the
proposition to adjourn. If the country suffers m
consequence of a premature adjournment, the ma-
jority were responsible foi it Upon them, and
not upon us, would fall the resoonsibility of leav-
ing the country in its present condition in regard
to the currency. He was willing to remain here
if anything could be done. lie denied, so fai as
he was concerned, the charge of President or Vice
President making At a former time the charge
might have been true as to the business of tins
House, but at present the House, as well as the
country, was agitated by questions of vast] y greater
importance
Mr It M. JOHNSON said there was time
í enough before the day fixed in the resolution to
transact the whole of the public business of im-
portance, and go away with less confusion than
they have done at any former period except that
when we received our salary of §1,500 That was
the only session m which Congress ever did all its
busmessand adjourned without confusion. If by
prolonging the session for two months all the busi-
ness could be done he would consent to it, but we
could not expect to clear the whole legislative
docket even if we sit to the 4Ji of March next.
By fixing a day now for our adjournment we
should be able to do ten times as mHch business
as we should otherwise do. He considered that
the tendency of this contest now was to decide the
question whether the session of Congress should
be made perpetual or not The argument that all
the business before Congress must be transacted
at every session supposes the necessity of perpetual
sessions He would not be one to hold up the idea
to the people that Congress ought to sit all the
year The Constitution did not contemplate such
sessions Furthei, hewould remark, thata session
longer than the middle of June was inconsistent
with the comfort and health of the members of this
body, and that the pallid countenances of many of
them already indicated the prejudicial effect of
their labois upon their health. He hoped that the
House would fix the day of adjournment now, as
it was evidently it3 temper to do The Senate, as
was usual, would probably take a little more time,
if it was necessary
Mr CHILTON ALLAN had made up his mmd
to vote for an adjournment as soon as he should
become convinced that nothing would be done for
the relief of the people. He was almost con-
vinced, by the recent rejection of the broad and
ltberat proposition of the member from New Yoik,
[Mr Seijden,] that it was determined by the ma
jority not to do anything. It had been suggested
that the bill reported from the Committee of Ways
and Means would occupy some time; but he could
not believe that a proposition to divide the public
money among local banks,to legalize usurpation,
and to repeal the Constitution, would occupy a
moment's time.
The CHAIR called the member to order, for
not confining his remarks to the question
Mi ALLAN said he would vote for the post
ponement, m Older to give the majority time to
reflect upon the responsibility they were about to
assume.
Mr. EWING intended (he said) before he con-
sented to adjourn, to attempt to bring before the
House some of the business which it was its duty
to transact. He was willing to leave here on the
16th of June, or at any time when Congress shall
have done the necessary business of the West and
the country at large. Not n. bill affecting the in-
terests of the West had yet been acted upon. We
had done nothing but to make appropriations for
office-holders
Mr CHILTON was not pnly in favor of an
adjournment, but of an adjournment at the earliest
day which had been named. His zeal to do some-
thing to quiet the agitation of the country was un-.
abated, but he would askgentlemen what desirable
end was to be obtained by continuing the session
dunng the summer' If there was a single gleam
of hope that we shou'd be able to effect anything
for the public benefit, he would consent to prolong
the session. But it was evident that we should be
able to do nothing except to promote and keep up
the excitement which prevails in the country.
The question before the country could never be
settled but by referring it back to the people. His
experience had convinced him that business was
much facilitated by fixing the day of adjourn-
ment. He was well satisfied that the country
would see that the minority had done everything
which was required of them to do, and that the
responsibility rested upon the majority, who were
willing to meet it
Mr. MILLER should vote (he said) against
the proposition to postpone the resolution, for the
reason, that by fixing the day, we should facilitate
the dispatch of business He had come to the
conclusion that it was impracticable for Congress,
at this session, to act on the subject of the cur-
rency, for which opinion he was about to offer
some reasons, when
The CHAIR stated that the member could not
go into that question
Mr. MILLER hoped the day of adjournment
would be fixed, m reference to other subjects than
that of the cuirency, for he believed that the pros-
pect of obtaining the definite action of Congress
on that subject was very remote.
Mr STEWART moved that the House pro-
ceed to the orders of the day.
Mr BRIGGS demanded the yeas and nays on
the question; which were ordered.
Mr STEWART then withdrew his motion,
and demanded the previous question, which was
not sustained.
Mr BELL had no desire to protract this discus-
sion. Hewould, however, suggest that it might
be expedient, in view of various circumstances
which might arise, to prolong the session beyond
the time which might now be fixed. He was not
for putting it out of the power of the House to do
this Within two or three weeks, a disposition to
dispatch business had been manifested. Several
important measures had been acted on. líiere
were many other important measures which re-
quired the action of the House. He would never
consent to put an end to a session of Congress on
the giound that the House was not competent or
willing to decide upon every measure required by
the public interest For some years past, it had
been the fortune of the country that some great
and absorbing question liad seized upon almost
exclusive attention, at each session of Congress,
lie was not willing to oveilookany matter of pub-
lic importance. At this time he was not prepared
to decide when the House would be able to get
through with such business as was necessary to
be done Two weeks hence, an opinion may be
formed It might be that the 16th of June would
then receive his support as the day of adjourn-
ment. But at this time he could not fix upon that
or any other precise day.
Mr MANN said he was in favor of an early
day of adjournment. He had little doubt but the
House would be able to act upon all subjects of
public interest by the 16ih of June. But he was
unable to seethe force of the argument which had
been urged in favor of fixing upon that day at this
time A strong disposition had been manifested
by the House recently to go forward with the
business He hoped such measures as were most
important—particularly those in which his own
