Ic34.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
393
economy and to the safety of our navigation. He
stated that the work would be completed at an ex-
pense within the amount of the original estimate,
which was two millions, one million of which had
been expended
Mr. WARD WELL wished (he said) to see the
report on the íesolution calling for information as
to the manner in which the large sums appropri-
ated for this work had been expended.
Mr. CHILI ON ALLAN would (he said) take
a hint in favor of economy, in application to this
subject, from the gentleman who had just voted
against an appropriation of §25,000 for the west-
ern waters.    The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to amend the following
clause: "For improving the navigation of the
•Ohio, Missouri, and Mississippi rivers, fifty
* thousand dollars," eo as to read as follows:
¡Por improving the navigation of the Ohio, Mil-
soun, and Mississippi rivers, including the im-
piovement of Hie haibor of St Louis, seventy-five
thousand dollars.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HUNTINGTON" moved to add a clause to
the bill appropriating §30,000 for improving the
navigation of the Thames river, between New Lon-
don and Norwich.   Rejected.
Mr. H. also moved to amend, by inserting the
clause following: "For the improvement of the
harbor of Westbrook, in Connecticut, $20,000 "
Lost.
Mr. WHITE, of Louisiana, moved to add
$20,000 to the appropriation of $50,000 for the im-
provement of the navigation of Red nver
Mr. ASHLEY was sorry that the gentleman
had not moved a hundied thousand dollars. The
removal of the raft from the Red river would im-
prove the health of the country, facilitate its settle-
ment, and increase the amount of the sales of the
public lands to millions. One hundred thousand
dollars now appropriated at once, would remove
the obstruction; but if we appropriated a brnallei
sum yearly, it would co^t more. The raft, which
was a collection of trees, &c, extending for a
hundied and fitty miles, was every yearmcieasing.
He moved to increase the appropriation to a hun-
dred thousand dollars.
After some remaiks from Messrs. MERCER,
SEVÍER, BINNEY, HUBBARD, and GAR-
LAND, the amendment was adopted—ayes 63,
noes 66.
Mr. WATMOUGH moved to add $10,000 for
the erection of piers at Delaware city, on the river
Delaware; which was negatived.
Mr. EWING offered an amendment appropri-
ating $10,000 for the survey of White Otter river,
in Indiana.
Mr. E. explained the amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
lost.
Mr. CARR moved an amendment to appropri-
ate $25,000 to improve the Indian Chute through
the tails of the Ohio river.
Mr. CARR explained the object of the amend-
ment, which he regarded as extremely important
to the navigation.
After a few remarks in opposition to it by Mr.
MERCER, the question was taken, and the
amendment was negatived.
The bill was laid aside, and ordered to be re-
ported, with the amendments.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. POLK moved that the committee take up
the bill making appropriations for ceitain fortifi-
cations for the year 1834.
Mr. POLK moved to strike out $34,770 for the
preservation of Castle Island and repair of Port
Independence, and insert $17,594.
Mr. POLK explained that the sum proposed
■was proposed on the ground that the work was
not to be reconstructed, but repaired, and was be-
lieved to be sufficient for that purpose.
Mr. GORHAM opposed the amendment, ex-
plained the condition of Boston harbor, and in-
quired what was proposed to be done as to the
tort on George's Island.
Mr. POLK said that of a former appropriation
of $25,000 only between $1,000 and $2,000 had
been expended for the foitification on George's
Island. As the public interest will not probably
Buffer, he should propose to strike out the appro-
priation in the present bill, in order that the sub-
ject might be taken up at another session.
Messrs. PARKER, GORHAM, and R. M.
JOHNSON, went into a prolonged discussion on
the fortifications of Boston harbor; when
Mr. P. THOMAS moved the committee rise;
which was carried.
The Cumberland road bill and the harbor bill
were reported to the House, with the amend-
ments, and progress upon the fortification bill.
Mr POLK moved the bills reported be printed,
with the amendments; which was agreed to.
Mr. MERCER moved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to effer a resolution for adjourning
over from Thursday next to the ensuing Monday,
in ordei to givean oppoitunity to purify and place
matting on the floor of the House; which was
carried: Ayes 09, noes 35.
Mr. PARKER, was opposed to making prepa-
ration for a summer session
Mr. HA WES supnoited the resolution; which
was adopted: Ayes 95, noes 39.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Movdiy, May 19, 1834.
The VICEPRES! DENT communicated the fol-
lowing documents from the Treasury Department.
1   Traiismitung a statement of the amount of
public deposites in the Bank of Alexandria, at the
time when it suspended specie payments.
2.   A communication m compliance with a reso-
lution of the Senate making inquuy as to a sup-
posed opinion given by the Attorney General to
the Secretary of the4 Treasury in the year 1829,
1830,01 1831.
3.   A report in compliance with the resolution of
the 5th instant, on the subject of transfer diafts
4.  Transmitting the weekly and monthly reports
of the Bank of the United States, and the State
banks selected as the depositories of the public
funds.
These communications were, on motion of Mr
CLAY, referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordeied to be printed.
PETITIONS.
The VICE PRES1 DENT presented a memorial
from inhabitants of Bergen county, New Jersey,
in favoi of the Executive measures in reference to
the Bank of the United States; which was read,
and, on motion of Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN,
was referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRENTISS presented the remonstrance of
certain citizens of Vermont to the bill renewing a
patenUof John Ames, paper-maker;
Mr. SILSBEE presented a similar remonstrance
from inhabitants of Massachusetts; and
Mr. CHAMBERS one from citizens of Mary-
land, all of which were laid upon the table.
Mr TYLER presented the memorial of sundry
ship-owners and others, praying the establishment
of a naval hospital at City Point, Virginia; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of A. D
Ostrander; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. McKE AN presented a memorial from some
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying an alteration in
the patent laws; which was lefeired to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. McKEAN presented a memorial from
inhabitants of Dauphin coun,ty, Pennsylvania,
praying the establishment of a post route; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. MOORE presented the petition of Henry
Smith; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented the petition of John
How; which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. TOMLINSON presented the petition of
Edward Blake; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. EWING presented a memorial from certain
inhabitants of Belmont county, Ohio, praying a
restoration of the deposites to the Bank of the
United States, and a recharter of that institution;
which was read, referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KENT presented the memorial of John
Kurtz, surviving partner of Bowie & Kunz; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr BENTON presented the petition of Mary
McNair; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
REPORTS.
Mr. CHAMBERS, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration of the petitions of Noble
Young and others, and John Thomas Towers;
which was agieed to.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill without amendment
from the House, relative to public lands in Michi-
gan Territory
Mr. POINDEXTER, fiom the same commit-
tee, asked to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petmons of Charles Vandiford,
and Andre Frederick; which was agieed to.
Mr. W1LKINS, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported a bill remitting the duties on a set
of bells, imponed from Fiance for the use of the
Roman Catholic church in St. Louis, Missouri.
Mr BEN ION asked the Senate to take up and
pass the bill at this time, as it had undergone the
examination of the committee, and the passage of
' such bills was generally a matter of course.
'i     The bill was taken up for consideration, when
I        Mr. WILKINS observed that the committee
jihad  examined the subject, and that there were
numerous precedents on the statute book to justify
|| the remission of the duties in this instance.   The
bells were not obtained on speculation, but were
,  presented by a French gentleman to the Roman
II  Catholic church in St. Louis, and it was believed
I by the citizens of that city that they would be
I  found a useful accession to them.
'l     The bill was passed to a thud reading.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, leported a bill for the relief of Carey Clark.
The bill was read, and the report ordered-to be
printed.
Mr. SHEPLEY, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported bills—
For the relief of the heirs of Everard Meade,
with amendments;
For the relief of William Rogers; and
For the relief of General John H. Stone.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill from the House for the
relief of Benedict Alford and others; and stated
that he was instructed by the committee, when the
bill was called up, to move its indefinite postpone-
ment.
The following resolutions were submitted:
By Mr BIBB:
Resolved, Tnat the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into Clie expediency
of giving suitable testimonials to Mejor George
Croghan, (now a colonel in the Army ot the United
States,) and to the officers and soldiers under his
command, for their gallantry and good conduct m
defending Fort Sandusky against the attack by the
combined forces of British and Indians, during the
last war.
By Mr. BIBB:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding for recording the opinions of the Judges of
the Supreme Court of the United States before
they are delivered to the reporter.
The resolutions of Mr. B. were considered and
agreed to
By Mr. LINN:
Resohed, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation for the building and support of a
navy hospital, to be erected in the town of Cape
Girardeau, or city of St. Louis, in the State of
Missouri.
By Mr. LINN:
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making
compensation to the lecorder of land titles at St.
Louis, Missouri, for extra clerk hire, office rent,
fuel for office, and platting instruments, furnished
and paid for by said recorder, between October
13'h, 1830, to the 30th September, 1832.
By Mr. LINN:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
