396                                 . THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.         _______      May 20,
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 20, 1834.
Mr. WILKINS presented the proceedings of a
meeting of certain citizens of Pittsburg, Pennsyl-
vania, the resolutions of which were at variance
with free masonry—the policy of the removal of
the deposites—agamst.the doctrines contained in
the President's protest—and in favor of the princi-
ples avowed in the speech intended to have been
delivered by the Hon. John GL. Adams, of the
House of Representatives. The proceedings were
read, ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. WEBSTER presented the proceedings of a
meeting of citizens of the borough of Columbia,
¿Lancaster county, Pennsylvania, in favor of the
restoration of the deposites and a renewal of the
charter of the Bank of the United States; which
was read, referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. "BROWN presented the proceedings of a
public meeting in Wake county, North Carolina,
sustaining the Administration with regard to its
policy in reference to the Bank of the United States,
averse to a restoration of the deposites, and against
a recharter of that corporation. The proceedings
were read, referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
Upon the presentation of this memorial, a pro-
tracted debate ensued, in which Messrs. WEB-
STER, BROWN, and MANGUM participated.
Mr. MANGUM presented a memorial from a
number of citizens of Raleigh, North Carolina, in
favor of the restoration of the deposites, and the
recharter of the Bank of the United States; which
was read, referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
REPORTS.
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill from the House of
Representatives, for the relief of the heirs of John
Taylor, deceased.
Also, a bill for the relief of the heirs of Francis
Nash, deceased.
Mr. LINN reported a bill for the relief of John
Wilson.
SPECIAL ORDER----PENSION AGENCY.
Mr. KANE having the floor, rose and observed,
that as the hour was late, he moved to postpone
the special order until to-morrow; which was
«greed to.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the memorial of the
principal chiefs of the Cherokee Nation, asking
the interference of Congress in securing to them
the payment of annuities under treaties made by
the United States with the said tribes; which he
moved to refer to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs.
Mr. FORSYTH expressed the hope that the
memorial would not be referred without consider-
ation. These people (he said) represented them- !
selves as an independent Government, and meas- i
ures for redress in such cases must first arise ¡
between ourselves. He wished to know what I
authority the gentleman from Delaware [Mr. I
Clayton] had for representing these people as an l
independent nation.
Mr. CLAYTON replied that the paper had been
handed to him by John Ross, a person who was
known as the principal chief of the Cherokee
Nation, and presenting themselves as persons de- ¡
serving the protection of this nation. They repre-
sented their annuities as being withheld from them,
which was a proper subject for the consideration
of the Committee on Indian Affairs; and if they
were injured, it was the duty of Congress to graBt
them redress.
Mr. FORSYTH said he would raise the ques-
tion he desired to arrive at, by moving that the
paper be not received, because they presented
themselves in a character in which they could not
be heard. As to the authority given by the hon-
orable gentleman, we know that it comes from
John Ross. But Mr. F. would like to know by
what authority this individual was presenting him-
self here, as the head of an independent nation,
complaining against the Government of the United
States. Was it notadeparturefrom the practices
of Congress and parliamentary usage, for the head j
of a sovereign tribe to come here and ask us to j
interfere against an independent branch of the  i
Government ? Suppose any petty chief of a South
American province, or of Africa, should present
himself here, and enter a complaint against the
Government, whatgentleman of the Senate is there
who would not brand it with audacity and pre-
sumption? And yet here is acomplaintpresented
by the chief of the Cherokee nation. If they came
to us as subjects of the United States, they would
have a right to be heard. But they had no right
to present themselves here as a sovereign Power.
Mr. CLAY contended that these people were
not to be considered as a sovereign power, and
that the only ground on which we could refuse to
receive their petition was, that the Executive had
the control of the subject, independentof Congress.
Mr. SPRAGUE thought if we could not do
these Indians justice, we ought, at least, to hear
their petitions. The laws of the State of Georgia
had been extended over them, and their annuities
had been refused payment. It was a subject prop-
erly within the cognizance of Congress.
Mr. FORSYTH replied, that the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Spragde] was mistaken in
point of fact; the laws of Georgia had not been ex-
tended over the tribe. As to the fact that they
were not presenting themselves as a foreign Gov-
ernment, they came here as the Cherokee nation;
and what was a foreign Government, he would in-
quire > This was an independent Government, or
they represented themselves to be so, appealing
against the Executive—they were appealing to
j one branch of the Government against another.
This very subject had been in discussion here for
two. years There was no refusal, and there could
be no refusal to do them justice; and honorable
gentlemen could possess themselves of everything
which could give them information in relation to
this subject, by the usual proceeding of resolution,
calling on the Department of War. He objected
to having an independent member of this Union,
which he had the honor of representing in part,
thus arraigned before the Congress of the United
States by an insolent Cherokee. Attempts like
this had been made twice before. One of which
he (Mr. F.) recollected in the House of Repre-
sentatives, when he was a member of that body.
The House refused to receive the complaint; and
afterwards, when the political character which the
complainants had assumed was dropped, their rep-
resentations were heard, and justice was done to
them, as the nature of their case seemed to require.
This could be done here. He moved that the
paper be not received.
Some further remarks were made by Messrs.
FRELINGHUYSEN,BIBB, CLAYTON, TIP-
TON, WEBSTER, and FORSYTH, who asked
the yeas and nays on his motion; which were
ordered; and are as follows, to wit:
YEAS—Messrs. Bel), Bibb, Brown, Calhoun,
Clay, Clayton, Ewing,Frelinghuy sen, Hendricks,
Hill, Kent, Knight, Leigh, Linn, McKean, Man-
gum, Naudain, Prentiss, Preston, Robbins, Rob-
inson, Shepley, Silsbee, Smith, Sprague, Swift,
Tipton, Tomlmson, Tyler, Webster—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Forsyth, White—3.
Mr. PRESTON presented the petition of Duff
Green, praying remuneration for recording the
opinions of the Supreme Court; which was refer-
red to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. EW1NG gave notice thathe should, on to-
morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill explanatory
of an act for the relief of Payne & Arnold.
Mr. WHITE gave notice that he should, to-
morrow, at as early an hour as practicable, move
the Senate to go into executive business.
Thefollowing resolution was submitted by Mr.
EWING:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of placing the postage on periodical
pamphlets and newspapers on the same footing.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill with an amendment relative to re-
muneration for losses sustained during the late
war with the northwestern Indians.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the adjustment of
land titles in the State of Missouri, providing for
the extension of the provisions of a statute on
the subject for one year, from the 1st of October,
1834.
On motion of Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, at a
quarter before eight o'clock,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 20, 1834.
Mr. E. WHITTLESEY reported a bill for the
relief of Daniel Whittle; which was read twice
and committed.
Also, a bill for the relief of Ann Blodget; which
was read twice and committed.
Mr. FOSTER reported a bill for the relief of
Thomas Cooper; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. POLK reported a bill for the reappropria-
tion of an unexpended balance of a former appro-
priation for the payment of Georgia militia claims;
which was read twice and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union.
Mr. CHINN reported a resolution providing
that Friday and Saturday, the 6th and 7th instant,
be set apart for business relative to the District of
Columbia; which lies on the table.
Mr. H. EVERETT reported the following bills;
which, together with a detailed report accompany-
ing them, were committed to the Committee of the
Whole House on the state of the Union:
A bill to provide for the organization of the De-
partment of Indian Affairs;
A bill to regulate trade and intercourse with the
Indian tribes and to preserve peace on the frontier;
and a bill to provide for the establishment of the
Western Territory, and for the security and pro-
tection of the Indian tribes therein..
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, ten thou-
sand extra copies of the report accompanying
these bills were ordered to be printed.
Mr. HEATH reported a bill for the erection of
a marine hospital in Baltimore; which was read
twice and committed.
KENTUCKY CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee of Elections,
reported a resolution providing that Robert P.
Letcher and Thomas P. Moore, Esquires, be
heard at the bar of the House, in defence of their
respective claims; which resolution was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. JONES, the report of the
majority of the committee, with the following
resolutions accompanying it, were read:
Resolved, That Thomas P. Moore, Esq., is
entitled to the seat in this House, to represent the
5th Congressional District of the State of Ken-
tucky.
Resolved, That Robert P. Letcher, Esq., is
entitled to compensation at the rate of eight dollars
far every twenty miles travelling.
Mr. JONES rose and said, I move, sir, the
adoption of the first resolution.
Mr. BANKS, a member of the Committee of
Elections, moved that the reports of the majority
and of the minority of the committee be referred
to the Committee of the Whole House; upon
which Mr. JONES asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question being taken, it was determined in
the negative—-yeas 84, nays 106.
YEAS—Messrs. John Q,uincy Adams, Heman
Allen, John J. Allen, Chilton Allan, Ashley,
Banks, Barnitz, Barringer, Bates, Beatty, James
M. Bell, Binney, Brisgs, Bull, Burd, Campbell,
Chambers,Chilton, William Clark, Clayton, Cor-
win, Coulter, Crockett, Darlington, Warren R.
Davis, Amos Davis, Davenport, Deberry, Dem-
ing, Denny, Dickson, Ellsworth, Evans, Edward
Everett, Felder, Fillmore, Foster, Philo C. Fuller,
Gamble, Garland, Gilmer, Gordon, Gorham,
Graham, Grennell, Griffin, Hiland Hall, Hard,
Hardin, James Harper, Hazeltine, Heath, Hies-
ter, Jackson, Laporte, Lay, Lewis, Lincoln, Love,
Martindale, McComas, McKennan, Milligan,
Moore, Potts, Ramsay, Reed, Rencher, William
Slade, Sloane, Spangler, William P. Taylor,
Philemon Thomas, Tompkins, Tweedy, Vance
Vinton, Watmough, Edward D. White, Elisha
Whittlesey, Wilde, Williams, Wise, and Young
—84.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, Bean, Beards-
ley, Beaumont, Blair, Bockee, Boon, Bouldin,
Brown, Bunch, Burns, Cambreleng, Carr, Casey,
