1834.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   30?
Chaney, Chinn, Samuel Clark, Clay, Coffee,
Cramer, Day,Dickinson,Duncan, Dunlap, Fores-
ter, Fowler, ffm, K. Fuller, Galbraith,Gholson,
Gillet, Joseph Mall, Thomas H. Hall, Halsey,
Hamer, Joseph M. Harper, Harrison, Hathaway,
Hawkins, Hawes, Henderson, Howell,Hubbard,
Huntington, Inge, Jarvis, Noadiah Johnson,
Cave Johnson, Seaborn Jones, Benjamin Jones,
Kavanagh, Kinnard, Lane, Lansing, Luke Lea,
Thomas Lee,Leavitt,Loyall ,Lyon,Joel K. Mann,
Mardis, Moses Mason, Mclntire, McKay, Mc-
Kim, McKinley, McLene, McVean, Miller,
Mitchell, Muhlenberg, Murphy, Osgood, Page,
Parks, Parker, Pattnn, Patterson, D. J. Pearce,
Peyton, F. Pierce, Pierson, Polk, Pope,Schenck,
Schley, William B. Shepard, A. H. Shepperd,
Shinn, Charles Slade, Smith, Speight, Standifer,
Stoddert, Sutherland, William Taylor, Thomson,
Turner, Turrill, Vanderpoel, Van Houten, Wag-
ener, Ward, Wardwell, Wayne, Webster,C. P.
White, and Wilson—106.
Mr. BANKS offered the following as an amend-
ment to the resolution under consideration. Mr.
B. said that this was the first of a series of prop-
ositions which he should bring before the House.
Mr. STEWART expressed a hope that the
House would proceed to the orders of the day,
and made a motion to that effect; which was neg-
atived.
Mr. DICKSON called for the reading of the
report of the minority of the committee; and on
objection being made, the yeas and nays were
asked on the motion by Mr. VANCE, and ordered.
The objection was then withdrawn, and the re-
port was read.
The question then being on the following amend-
ment offered to the first resolution by Mr. Banks—
After resolved, insert, " that the legal votes
' which were received in Lancaster,(Garrard coun-
'ty,) whilst Moses Grant, Esq., acted as one of
' the judges, on the first morning of the election in
' August last, and those of a like character, given
' on the second day of the election, in the casual
' absence of the sheriff, ought to be estimated in
* ascertaining the results of the election;"
Mr. BANKS rose and addressed the House at
length in its support. He contended that it was
in proof that a majority of votes were given to Mr.
Letcher, and that he was therefore elected, unless
it could be proved that the votes'were ¡ilegal, or
given illegally. The votes were to stand umm-
peached, until they were proved to be bad. Mr.
B. explained the provisions of the laws of Ken-
tucky, and insisted that the votes referred to in his
amendment were properly received, and ought to
be counted. The argument was filled with refer-
ences to the printed evidence, as well as to cases
and statutes which require recourse to the notes of
the Speaker to make up an intelligible report of
this speech, which went over the whole ground,
and occupied a little more than an hour in its
delivery.
Mr. SEABORN JONES followed in opposition
to the amendment, and in support of the original
resolution of the committee.
Mr. J. contended that the whole current of the
decisions upon contested elections in the House
went to establish the position that votes not taken
at the time, in the manner, and at the place, re-
quired by law, could not be counted. That the
right of suffrage was a political and not inherent
right. The qualifications of voters were fixed by
law, and must be exercised according to law. He
then went on to show that the temporary appoint-
ment of a judge of election, to take votes for the
hour preceding the time fixed by law for com-
mencing the election in Lancaster on the first day,
was illegal, and that, agreeably to various prece-
dents which he read, the votes so taken could not
be counted. He also contended that the law of
Kentucky positively requiring the presence of the
sheriff, the votes received in his absence on the
second day, could not be reckoned. Mr. J.
referred to those States which require a property
qualification; and contended that the House,
according to law, as well as the whole current of
authorities, should reject the amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL followed in support of the
amendment, till after four o'clock; when, without
concluding, he gave way to a motion to adjourn;
and, on motion of Mr. CHILTON ALLAN,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 21,1834.
Mr. WEBSTER presented memorials from in-
habitants of Otsego, New York; citizens of Brock-
port, Monroe county, New York; and citizens of
Pittsford, in the same county.
Mr. EWING, who, the other day, presented a
memorial from inhabitants of Athens county, Ohio,,
introduced an additional memorial. Also, a me-
morial from Boon county,Ohio; and anotherfrom
Greene county, Ohio.
Mr. McKEAN, a memorial from Luzerne coun-
ty, Pennsylvania.
Mr. LEIGH, a memorial from Jefferson county,
Virginia.
Mr. CLAY, six memorials from Huntingdon
county, Pennsylvania. Also, one from Doyles-
town, Bucks county, Pennsylvania; and another
from Seneca Falls, New York.
All of which were in favor of the restoration of
the deposites to the Bank of the United States, and
the recharter of that institution.   ¡
Upon the presentation of the last-named memo-
rial, a long and animated debate ensued, in which
Messrs. CLAY, WRIGHT, WEBSTER, FOR-
SYTH, TYLER, BENTON, and LEIGH, par-
ticipated.
The several memorials were referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McKEAN presented a memorial from in-
habitants of Susquehannah county, Pennsylvania,
against the restoration of the deposites and the re-
charter of the Bank of the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
A message upon executive business was received
from the President of the United States, by Mr.
AsBURY DlCKINS.
On motion of Mr. EWING,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 21, 1834.
Kentucky: contested election.
The report of the Committee of Elections upon
the contested election between T. P. Moore and
R. P. Letcher, being the unfinished business of
yesterday, came up immediately after the Journal
was read.
Mr. MARSHALL resumed his speech in op-
position to the report, and in favor of the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Banks, which proposed to
declare that the votes taken at Lancaster, in Gar-
rard county, before the hour for opening the polls,
and in the absenceof the sheriff, shall be counted.
Mr. M. stated the general principles and adjudged
cases, as well as the peculiar facts relative to this
election, and contended at length that the amend-
ment should be adopted. After speaking two
hours, he was followed.by
Mr. CLAYTON, who rose to address the House
on the question, though, he said, he felt discour-
aged in the attempt by the inattention of the House
to those who had preceded him in the discussion.
But, nevertheless, he would attempt to discharge
his duty, believing that he would be heard else-
where, if not here. He supposed that this ques-
tion would occupy more of the time of this House
than any other which had come before it; for it
was a question affecting the right of representation
—a question whether this is a representative Gov-
ernment or not. The Constitution gave to the
States the right to fix the time, place, and manner
of holding elections, and to those particulars was
confined the power-of the States over the subject.
In the case before us, there was no dispute as to
the time or place of the election; and we had only
to inquire whether the manner in which it was
conducted was legal.
Mr. C. went on, at great length, to. argue that
the manner in which the election was held there
was nothing which essentially violated the law of
Kentucky, or which authorized the committee to
set aside the votes taken in Garrard county.
Mr. JONES, of Georgia, made a brief explana-
tion on a point on which his argument had been
misapprehended by his colleague.
Mr. H A RDIN followed in support of the amend-
ment, and in further reply to the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Jones.]
The question being on the motion to amend the
resolution, by striking out all after the word " re-
solved," and inserting the following:
" That the legal votes which were received in
'Lancaster, (Garrard county, )whilstMoses Grant,
'Esq., acted as one of the judges, on the first
' morning of the election in August last, and those
' of a like character, given on the second day of
' the election, in the casual absence of the sheriff,
' ought to be estimated in ascertaining the resulta
' of the election "—
Mr. GILMER called for a division of the ques-
tion on the amendment, so as to take the question
separately on the legality of the votes taken the
first day in Garrard; which was pronounced by
the Chair to be in order.
Mr. BOON wished the question to be first taken
on the motion to strike out; which the Chair pro-
nounced to be out of order.
Mr. GRIFFIN asked the yeas and nays on the
question; which were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Georgia, spoke at considerable
length in rejoinder to the several gentlemen who
had replied to him.
Mr. HAMER took the floor; but yielded it to
a motion to adjourn; and
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 22, 1834.
Mr. SMITH presented a remonstrance of cer-
tain citizens of Connecticut, against the renewal
of the patent of John Ames, paper-maker.
Mr. McKEAN presented the memorial of 662
inhabitants of Cumberland county (.Pennsylvania.
Mr. CLAY, the memorial of inhabitants of
Montgomery county, Pennsylvania, both in favor
of the restoration of the deposites and the rechar-
ter of the Bank of the United States.
The two preceding memorials were referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TYLER presented the petition of Christo-
pher P. Carter; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
A message upon executive business was re-
ceived from the Presidentof the United States, by
Mr. Asbuuy Dickins.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to executive business.
After "spending some time therein, when the
doors were opened, it was
Ordered,Tbat when the Senateadjourns, it would
adjourn until Monday next.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The report of the Committee on the Judiciary
on the pension fund being called up, on
Mr. KANE'S motion, it was laid upon thetable,
and made the special order for Monday next.
GENERAL ORDERS.
Mr. Bibb's resolution, proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States as it
respects the election of President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States, was, on his motion,,
postponed until Monday next.
The following bills were read a third time and
passed:
A bill to revive and amend an act for the relief
of insolvent debtors of the United States;
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Robinson,
daughter of Lieutenant Richard Wilde, of'the
army of the Revolution;
A bill supplementary to an act entitled " Anact
to alter and amend the several acts imposing duties
on imports," approved July 14, 1832; and
A bill relinquishing the duties on a set of bells
imported from France for the use of the Roman
Catholic Church at St. Louis, Missouri.
The resolutions offered during the week, with
the exception of one offered by Mr. Linn,' which
was laid on the table, were taken up and agreed to.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Robinson, was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Engrossed
Bills, when they have examined a bill or resolu-
tion, shall deliver the same to theSecretary of the
Senate, who shall, as heretofore, enter upon the
Journal that the same has been correctly en-
; grossed.
!    A bill for the relief of Samuel Armstrong Bailey
