398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
and others, was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The following bills were considered in Com-
mittee of the Whole, read a second time, and or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading:
A bill for the relief of William Mann, late depu-
ty marshal of the eastern district of Virginia;
A bill for the relief of Colonel A. R. Woolley;
A bill for the relief of the administrators of Bo-
htha Laws, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Henry Waller;
A bill for the relief of Martha Bailey andothers;
A bill for tne relief of the heirs and legal íepre-
sentatives of Prances Bapham, deceased, and her
husband, Fielding Barham;
A bill for the relief of George K  Jackson;
A bill to remove the office of surveyor general
of thepubliclandsmOhio, Indiana,and the Mich-
igan Territory;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Joseph Rowe, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Charles J. Hand;
A bill for the relief of John Yantis;
A bill for the relief of Asa Ilartfield, bis as-
signee, or legal repiesentative;
A bill for the relief of Lieutenant Aichibald S.
Campbell, and
A bill for the relief of Captain "Wolcott Chaun-
cey.
The Senate, at a quarter before five o'clock, on
motion of Mr. SOUTHARD, adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 22, 1834.
The resolution yesterday reported from the
Committee on the District of Columbia, to set
apart Fnday and Saturday, the 6th and 7th days
of June'next, for the consideration of business íel-
ative to the District of Columbia, was taken up
for consideration.
Mr. WILLIAMS moved to amend the resolu-
tion by providing that Thursday the 5 h day ot
June be set apart for the consideration of business
lelativeto the Territories; and when the motion
was put, it was ascertained thataquorum was not
present.
The question being again put, the motion was
agreed to, and the resolution, as amended, was
adopted.
The following resolution, heietofore offered by
Mr. McComas, was taken up and agreed to.
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of subscribing stock to the James River and Ka-
nawha Company, m the State of Vngima
Mr. E. WHIITLESEY, from the Committee
of Claims, reported a bill for the relief of George
Renden; lead twice and committed
Mr. C. C CLAY íeported a bill to authorize
the sale of lots in the town of St Marks, read
twice,and ordered tobe sngrossed for a third lead-
ing.
On motion of Mr. WAYNE, 2,000 extra copies
of the bill, with the accompanying repoit, to fix
the pay of the officers of the Navy, were ordeied
to be punted.
Mr. CONNOR repoi ted a bill to establish certain
post roads and for other purposes; read twice and
commi'ted.
Mr WAYNE submitted a joint resolution, on
leave, for supplying the new members of the pres-
ent Congress with two copies each of the íeturns
of the last census of the United States, which was
read twice and oidered to be engrossed.
Mr STODDERT, from the Committee on the
Pistuct of Columbia, reported, without amend-
ment, the bill from the Senate to authorize the
construciion of a lateral railroad, within the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was committed to the
Committee of the Whole House
Mr. THOMAS submitted,on leave, a resolution
relative to the erection of a light-house on Lake
Ponchartram.
On motion of Mi. LANE, the House suspended
therule to consider the resolution hei etofore offei ed,
for an inquiry mto the expediency of making an
appiopuation of refuse lands m aid of the con-
sti fiction of a raihoad fion Lawiencebarg,on the
Onio, to Jndianapolis, and it was adopted.
Mr. CAMBRELENGr moved a suspension of
the rules, in order to introduce a resolution granting
the use of the Hail of Repiesentatives on Monday
night next for a public meeting in favor of the exiled
Poles; which was agreed to, and the resolution wa¡>
offered and adopted.
KENTUCKY CONTESTED ELECTION.
The question before the House was the resolu-
tion íeported by the Committee of Elections, that
Thomas P. Moore was entitled to the seat in the
House from the Fifth Congressional District, as
proposed to be amended by Mr. Banks, by de-
claring that the votes taken in Garrard county, in
the absence of the judge of elec"on appointed by
the county court on the first day, and in the absence
of the sheriff on the second day, be counted.
Mr. HAMER, who was entitled to the floor
from yesterday, addressed the House at length
against the amendment, m support of the report
of the Committee of Elections, and in reply to the
arguments heretofore urged by Mr Hardin, Mr.
Marshall, and Mr. Clayion. He contended
that an election was the expression of the voice of
a majority of the people m the mode pi escribed by
the Constitution and laws; that both those who
give, and those who receive the votes must possess
the qualifications lequued, that when pnnciples
clearly kid down for the government of such
questions are departed from upon fancied grounds
of equity, or because a hard case is presented, the
consequences could not be foreseen It was
contended in the i eport o^ the minority that, if votes
were received byjudges of election who were mei e
usurpers without any legal authority whatever,
such votes ought to be counted This doctrine he
denied Mr. H. then wentonto establish that the
appointment of Mr Grant by the sheriff to íeceive
votes before the hour at which the polis weie tobe
opened by law, was contrary to law and void On
this point he íeplied to the arguments of Messis.
Hardin and Marshall at length, as well as upon
the other point relative to the vgtes taken on the
second day in the absence of the sheriff After
speaking about an hour, Mr. H finished,and was
followed by
Mr BINNEY, in support of the amendment,
and in opposition to the i eport of the committee.
He contended that the prescuption of time, place,
and manner of election was not intended to re-
strain, but to promote the exercise of the light of
suffrage; that these weie not essential, but circum-
stantial foims, and that the House was bound to
give effect to the voice of the people, whether
these forms were observed or not. Mr B illus-
trated his views by a great variety of analogies
and cases, and contended that upon the facts pie
sented, the votes leferred to in the amendment
ought to be taken into the computation Mr B
also contended that the votes of the theological
students at Danville, rejected by the committee,
oughtto have beenallowed to Mr. Letcher, which,
with those referred to in the amendment, would
give that gentleman a majority of two votes over
Mr Moore. Thesepositions wereargued at length
upon the laws and constitution of Kentucky, which
alone weie, he said, applicable to the case. The
precedents and oses determined by the House
had no bearing, the House being by the Constitu-
tion made judge of the qualifications of the elected,
but not of the electors, which belongs exclusively
to the State.
BANK INVESTIGATION REPORT.
After Mi. B  had concluded,
Mr. THOMAS, of Maiyland, from the select
committee appointed to investigate the concerns
of the Bank of the United States, rose and asked
leave to submit a repoit.
Mi. WATMOÜGH objected to the reception
of the repoit at this time. We had, he said,
subjects enough of excitement before us for the
piesent. He hoped the business of the House
wojld not oe interrupted.
Mr THOMAS was aware, be said, that he
was not at liberty to submit the íepoit without
the leave of the House, and he would, with the
consent of the House, give some íeasons for sub-
mitting the report at the present time.
Mr. WATMOUGH said that to prevent any
debate, he would wuhdraw his objections.
Mi. THOMAS then made the repoit, and moved
that it be punted, postponed to Tuesday week,
and made the special order foi that day.
Mr. SELDEN hoped the motion would be divi-
ded, and taken first on printing. He would not
assent to make it the subject of a special order for
Tuesday week.
Mr. GALBRAITH called for the reading of the
report, which the Chair said was not in order
Mr WATMOUGH was very desirous, he
said, that this subject should be brought before
the House, but there was much business of a
paramount character to be disposed of He moved
to postpone the consideration of the report to
Tuesday two-weeks.
Mr. CLAY remarked, that when the report
came up, if the House was not prepaied to act
upon it, they could postpone it further.
Mr E WHITTLESEY said the majority of
the House could take up the report when they
chose, and, therefore, there was no necessity to
assign any day. He was unwilling to postpone
the appropriation bills in order to take up the bank
question.
Mr. VANCE d,d not, he said, think it worth
while to throw any obstacle in the way of the
report. He hoped it would come before the House
as soon as the House was ready to act upon it.
Mi. WATMOUGH, understanding that the
other business of the House was not to be inter-
fered with, withdrew his motion.
The motion to print and postpone till Tuesday
week was then agreed to.                                   ,
Mr. E EVERETT rose, and begged leave on
thepaitof the minority of the committee, to expi ess
then views in the foim of a minority report.
Leave being given, he moved that the report be
printed, and take the same dnection with the ma-
jouty íeport. which was agreed to.
Mr. CLAYTON moved that the House adjourn,
upon which, at the call of Mr. BEARDSLEY,
the yeas and nays were ordered
The question being taken, the motion to adjourn
was negatived, yeas 87, nays 92
Mr. MILLER moved the suspension of the
mies, in order to move the printing of an extra
number of copies of the bank report and counter
repoit.
The CHAIR pronounced the motion to be out
of order, as a subject was before the House.
Mr. MILLER moved to postpone till Tuesday
next the furthei consideiation of the subject be-,
fore the House.
Mr JONES called for the yeas and nays upon
the motion
Mr. MILLER withdrew the motion to post-
pone, and moved to lay the i evolutions fiom the
Committee of Elections on the table.
Mi McKINLEY moved that the House do
now adjourn, upon which the yeas and nays were
ordeied.
Mr. GHOLSON demanded that the hour (twen-
ty minutes past four) be entered on the Journal.
Mr. CLAY rose to a point of order. It was
not in older, he said, to move an adjournment
again, as no question had intervened.
The CHAIR gave a different opiniGn.
Mr. CLAY appealed
Mr. BR1GGS said the point of order could not
be raibed after the yeas and nays had been ordeied.
Mr. CLAY withdrew his appeal.
The question being taken on the motion to ad-
journ, it was decided in the affirmative; yeas 92,
nays 84.   The House then adjourned.
REPORT
Of the Secretary of the Treasury in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate
Treasury Department,
May 16, 1834.
Sir: In pursuance of the resolution of the Sen-
ate, dated the oth instant, directing the Secretary
of the Treasury " to report to the Senate whether
'any of the banks which have recently failed in
' the DistnctofColumbiahadon deposite, or other-
' wise in their possession, any of the public money,
' and, if any, how much, at the time of their fail-
' ure," I have the honor to state, that the Bank of
Alexandria has been used as the deposite bank for
the revenue collected at the port of Alexandria for
many years past, and at the time it stopped pay-
ment had in possess'on on deposite to the credit of
the Treasury of the United States the sum of twen-
ty-seven thousand five hundied and twenty-eigh*
