1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
405
branches, accoiüing to the sixteenth section of the
Lank charter
Tiie following resolution was submitted by Mr.
PRESTON.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War report to
the Senate a statement showing the names of the
several pensioners who are now or may have been
heietofoie p'aced on the pension lolls, designating
then rank, annual allowance, the sums which they
haveseveially received,the laws under which their
pensions have been granted, the date when placed
upon the roll, their ages, and theStates and coun
ties in whii h they severally reside, also, the names
of the pension agents who have received compen-
pation as such, and the amount oí ¡>uch compensa-
tion, and the act undei which it was allowed, the
names of the clerks who aie, and who have been,
employed in the Pension Office, and the sums
paid them as compensation, with an aggregate
statement of the whole sum disbursed on account
of pensions.
By Mr P01NDEXTER:
Rnolved, That the Secietary of the Treasury
be directed to communicate to the Senate copies
of the several reports made by theagents appointed
to examine into the condition of the land offices
for the «ale of the public lands, and the conduct of
the several registeis and receivers dunng the year
1833, together with the documents and other evi-
dence annexed to said reports.
RHODE ISLAND ELECTION.
On motion of Mr P01NDEXTER, the several
orders of the day were suspended, and the Senate
took up the íeport of the select committee in the
case of the contested election of Messrs. Robeins
and Poiter.
On motion of Mr. P01NDEXTER, tne report
of the majority was read, aftei which the report
of the minority [Mr. WitiGin] was also lead.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the resolution submitted by the majority, to wit
" That Asura Robb'MS is duly and constitution-
' ally elected a Senatoi of the United States, to
' represent the State of Rhode Island foi six yeais
' from the fourth of March last," and deteimined
in the affirmative, by the following vote:
\EAS—Messrs. Bell, Bibb, Calhoun, Cham-
bers, Clay, Clayton, Ewmg, Fiehnghuysen, Hen-
ducks, Kent, Knight, Leigh, McKean,Mangum,
Naudam, Pomdextei, Porter, Preston, Silsbee,
Smith, Southard, Sprague, Swift, Tipton, Tom-
linson, Waggaman,and Webstei—27
NAYS—Messis Benton, Brown, Forsyth,
Grundy, Hill, Kane, King of Alabama, King of
Georgia, Linn, Moms, Robinson, Shepley, Tall-
madge, White, Wilkms, and Wright—16.
ELECTION OF PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESI-
DENT.
The Senate then proceeded to consider the reso-
lution of Mr Bibb, proposing an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States asitiespects
the election of President and Vice Piesident of the
United States
Mr. BIBB then addressed the Senate in expla-
nation of the mode of election which he proposed.
He condemned the present mode by electors, and
supported and advocated an election of the Piesi-
dent immediately by the people He deprecated
an election devolving, in any instance, on the
House of Representatives, and was in favor of
providing, that whenever it should happen that no
candidate for the presidency obtained a majority
of the whole number of votes given, the election
should íeturn to the people, and so tohes quottes
whenever such was the result.
Mr. B., at four o'clock, gave way, without con-
cluding, to Mr MANGUM, on whose motion,
The Senate adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 27, 1834
Mr. E. WHITTLESEY íeportedabill foi the
relief of Nathaniel P. Tatem; read twice and
committed.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, reported the bill to
alter and amend the act for the relief of certain
insolvent debtors of the United States, recommend-
ing the concui rence of the House m the amend-
ments made theieto by the Senate.
Tht House having agreed to take up the bill for
consideration, the amendments of the Senate were
concui red in
Mr BELL also reported the bill from the Sen
ate entitled " An act in addition to an act to pio
vide for the more effectual punishment of certain
crimes against the United States," without amend-
ment, and, on his motion, the further considera-
tion of the bill was postponed till to-morrow.
Mr ELLSWORTH moved that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill
to authonze the issue of writs of error fiom the
courts of the United States in certain cases, rela-
tive to patent rights, so as to bring it into the
House
Mr. BATES opposed the motion, and it wis
negatived
Mi WATMOUGH asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up the bill to regulate
the pay of the Army and Navy of the United
States, which was ob]ected to
Mr BEARDSLEY, fiom the Committee on
the Judiciary, lepoited a bill for the relief of Abel
Wood, lead twice and committed
Mr MILLER moved the suspension of the
rules of the House, in order to enable him to call
up the motion submitted by him yesterday, to
print an extra number of the bank mves igation
íeport, which was agreed to.
The mo'ion being to print thnty thousand copies
of the report of the committee, with the accompa-
nying documents, and also the same number of
copies of the repoit of the minouty of the com-
mittee, with the documents accompanying it,
Mr ERIGGS moved to amend the mourn, by
requiring that the reports of the majority and of
the minority of the committee be attacned to each
other He advocated the motion on thegiound
of economy, and of the expediency of enabling
the public to see both s.des of the question at once
He sa.d that if the two reports are pnnted sepa-
rately, 'he accompanying documents must be twice
printed, wheieas, if the leports were united in one
pamphlet, one set of the documents would answei
tor both.
Mr. LANE said, while he agreed with the hon-
orablegentlemanfrom Massachusetts [Mr Biugcs]
that the object of printing extra numbers of the
reports was to disseminate correct mfoimation
among the people, to make them acquainted with
the action of this House, and to enlighten the pub-
lic mind, he should vote against the amendment
proposing to have the report of the majority and
the appendix, and the report of the minority,
punted and attached, m order that they shall be
placed in the same hands at the same time, as he
did not believe that mode best calculated to produce
that result, that he desned them separate, they
could then be circulated to the best possible advan-
tage The majority report, and the appendix by
which it is sustained, can be forwarded to one
md vidual, the minority íeport to his neighbor
Each would read, and each would be desirous to
see and read the othei, and the ambition of each
would be increased to have the one he had read
seen by his neighbor, in direct proportion to the
excitement of his political feelings, or the desire
he might feel to airive at truth, and have otheis
possess the same advantage. Whereas to place
both in the hands of the same person, he would
have it in his power to suppress the one or the
other at his pleasure, and, therefore, to punt ard
distribute them separate, to his mmd, had the ad-
vantage, as two to one; and this is the more desi-
rable when we take into consideration the fact that
to publish the highest number proposed—thnty
thousand—will furnish to each membei but one
hundred and twenty-seven copies, and those to be
distnbuted among fifty thousand persons.
Mi. L said he had another objection to uniting
the reports. To which would the appendix be
a ffixed, the majority or the minority—to the report
of the committee of the House, or to the bank
report' Prom what we have seen, the evidence
would be affixed to the bank repoit, and withheld
from the other by the printer of this House. For,
said Ml L., on examining it—those printed and
laid upon our tables—that course has been adopt-
ed, foi what reason he knew not He would,
therefore, vote against the motion to amend
Mr ELLSWORTH would hardly believe (he
said) that there was a single member of the House
who was unwilling to send out the views of the
minouty on ine subject. He rose principally to
say, that it was a mistake to suppose that the omis
sion of the publication of the appendix to the
repoit of the majority was the fault of the printer
of this House If he was conectly informed, the
report of the majority could not be found by the
public printer m the Clerk's office, and it did not
reach him until he saw it in the columns of the
Globe. The report of the minority falling into
his hands, was published with theappendix. But
the appendix to the report of the majority was
not puolished in the Globe, and was not consid-
eied by them as an essential part of the report.
He did not know that it was the intention of the
majority to publish the conespondenee The
House would not judge that the public printer
had neglected his duty, and he wished that the
editor ot the Globe had done his He had looked
very anxiously m the Globe this morning foi
the report of the minority, and he did not find it
there It was now recommended to us to pursue
the bame com se, and publish the repon sepa-
rately He protested against this as an ex parte
movement
Mi BARRINGER said his object in rising was
simply to say, that he was casually present when
a note was íeceived by the public printers from
a member of the majority of t'ie committee, m
which it was stated that the appendix was not
considered as a paitof the report, and had no*
been ordered to be printed.
Mi. MUHLENBERG. The note spoke of the
journal of the committee, not of the appendix
Mi. BARRINGER. Peihaps it was so.
. Mr. THOMAS had endeavored (he said) to get
the ilooi before this debate was indulged in, be-
lieving that he could satisfactorily explain this
mattei. As to the question whether the repoits
should be punted separately or united, he was
perfectly indifferent how the House decided it.
He should feel veiy little confidence in the con-
clusions of the majon'y of the committee if he
thought that the report of the minority was of a
chaiactei which could, in the slightest degree,
shake or impaii those conclusions. Not one fact
stated by the majority was contradicted by the
| repoit of the minority As to the inferences from
i these facts, theie might be a difference of opinion
He apprehended no difficulty fiom joining the two
reports It appealed to be supposed that by
uniting the documents some little expense might
be avoided But it was not so. The appendix of
the majority íeport would not suit that of the mi-
nority. It was differently arranged, and contained
diffeient selections from that prepared by the
minority. Whether the reports were published
together or separately, no expense would be saved,
even ¡f that should be considered an important
object.
Again, he was indifferent whether the reports
weie united oi not, because, if any membei should
wish to send one without the other to a constituent,
he would greatly lack in ingenuity if he could not
cut the piece of twine wkich unites them, and then
send them separately Of the piopnety of sepa-
rating or uniting them, each member must judge
for himself, and consult the wishes of his con-
stituents           X
Anothei matter was connected with this which
he was son y to see bi ought into the debate by one
of the gentlemen [Mr. Ellsworth] who wasius
colleague on the committee. We were told that
the public printer could not obtain access to the
report of the majority He had been applied to,
as a member of the committee, foi a copy of the
report for publication in the Globe, in order that it
might be published immediately Being hnrself
inexperienced m regard totheusa^em such cases,
he consulted others, who told him thatit was piooer
and usual to give a copy for publication The
documents, he knew, must soon reach the public
eye, and it did not appear to him that any incon-
venience could anse from granting the request
With the consent of the other four members of the
committee, who had assented to the majority re-
poit, he applied to Mr Burch, one of the clerks of
this House, and requested him to have a copy made
out under his direction, for the Globe, but asked
him to have it done by one of the clerks in his
office, and not to permit the original to be taken
from under his control.   Some of his colleague ,
