1884.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.407
of printing merely—the debate at large on the sub-
ject was postponed until Tuesday.
Mr. P. said he would not pursue the topic at
this time. The grounds taken by the House, in
the adoption of the resolution, ought to be under-
stood. The people should know the flagrant
violation of their rights that had been committed
by the House.
The CHAIR said, no reflections upon the pro-
ceedings of the House were in order.
Mr.'PATTON hoped the gentleman would be
permitted to proceed, and that an opportunity
would be afforded for reply.
The CHAIR, said, that order must be pre-
served.
Mr. PÍNCKNEY wished the doctrines in these
documents to be disseminated universally through-
out the State of Pennsylvania, that her citizens
might determine whether the proceedings of this
House, and the measures proposed by this com-
mittee, do not involve an assumption of power
which it wa3 the duty of that State to resist. If
her citizens should be brought to the bar of the
House, under the resolution reported by the com-
mittee, he could not say which idea would be most
mortifying to him: that the House should have so
far transcended its authority, or that the State of
Pennsylvania should have tamely submitted to
such a usurpation.
Mr. MASON had not seen the report of the
minority of the committee; but had no manner of
objection that it shculd accompany the report or
the majority. He trusted the example of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Pinckney] would
not be followed. He was not disposed to forestall
public opinion as to the merits of either of these
reports. As to his own share in the proceedings,
he was prepared to abide the severest scrutiny to
which his conduct could be subjected. A day had
been assigned for the consideration of this subject;
when that arrived, he hoped a full discussion
would be gone into; al this time, he hoped the
question would be taken, without going into any
further irregular discussion.
Mr. BYNUM said he was sorry that the honor-
ablegentleman from Pennsylvania had consented to
accept of the amendment of the honorable member
irom Massachusetis, as he conceived that amend-
ment to have a partial reflection on a certain party
in this House. He was prepared to vote for the
original motion of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia. He stood on his own responsibility, and
held himself amenable to no earthly power for his
acts, except to that portion of the.peopie whom he
alone directly represented here.
[Mr. B. was about to enter into an argumenton
the merits of the amendment, when the Speaker
stated the amendment had been acted on, and his
remarks in relation to it would be out of order, j   I
Mr. B. then said, his principal object in rising j
had been to reply to the extraordinary remarks of ¡
the honorable member from South Carolina, [Mr. I
Pincksey,] who had just taken his seat, and asked ;
if it would be in order to reply to some remarks
that had just fallen from that honorable member.
The SPEAKER replied it would, and asked
Mr. B. to proceed.
Mr. BYNUM then said, that it was strange that
the gentleman had been guilty of the very thing
that he, and the party with which he acted, had
just complained of. It had been said, that the ob-
ject of the majority of the committee, in.their re-
port, was to forestall public opinion. Now, he
asked, what was the object of the gentleman in
denouncing in advance the report of the majority
of the Bank Committee? What was it done for
by the gentleman, if it were not to prejudice it?
The report of the committee was not now under
consideration. The gentleman must have had an
object in doing what he did, then; if it was a
reasonable object, it ceitainly was to prejudice
beforehand the people of the country against that
report. He considered such a course unfair and
unjustifiable.
The honorable gentleman had called on Penn-
sylvania to wake up, and resist the outrageous
usurpations about to be practised on her citizens.
He had no doubt that the poor, ignorant, benight-
ed Pennsylvanians, would be greatly obliged to
that honorable gentleman for taking charge of their
interest on this floor, and for the great solicitude
that Jie had expressed to have for them—poor,
ignorant creatures, unenlightened, uninformed, as
they were of the course tney ought to pur3ue, as
was thought by the intelligent gentleman from
South Carolina. He asked if a poor farmer had
treated with contempt the mandates of the Rep-
resentatives of this House, if there would be, in
all probability, so many tears shed by gentlemen
when the simple process of arrest was proposed
by this House to be served on him? He doubted
very much if he might not be dragged here, with-
out a single sympathy of honorable gentlemen
who now manifested so much sensibility with
regard to Nicholas Biddle and his bank associates.
it was now evident, and it was unnecessary to
attempt to conceal it longer, that there were only
two great parties in this country—one arrayed in
favor of the government of the bank, and the other
in favor of the government of the people. Gen-
tlemen had shown their cloven foot too plainly to
be misundeistood by any intelligent mind; their
object was to defend the bank, and protect it in
whatever course it might pursue. His object
was the reverse; he was determined to defend and
protect, as far as he was able, the Government
and the people, in defiance of the bank and its
mercenary advocates. He bowed to and recognised
no tyrants nor tyrannical institutions, but to the
tyrant, people; they were the only tyrants to
whom he would bow or obey.
The gentlemanfrom South Carolina had, in his
usual course, denounced the President as a tyrant
and usurper. Indeed, if a stranger wer# present,
and not accurately acquainted with the proceed-
ings of this House, and with the nature of the
subject before it, he would take it for granted that
the President had drawn up the tyrannical report
of the majority of the bank committee. What
had the President to do with that committee or its
report? He really did not see in what manneiUhe
gentleman could reasonably make the President
guilty of the tyranny and usurpation which had
been committed on the bank by the enlightened
and intelligent committee, appointed by an over-
whelming majority of this House, to investigate
its concerns. The gentleman had said, too, that
the President had made war on the Senate. He
denied it. It was the reverse. The Senate had
made war—[here the Speaker said that he called
the gentleman from South Carolina to order, when
he made that remark, and it was out of order to
reply to it.] Mr. B. then said that there was a
desperate, reckless party, that not only in this
House, but in other places had seized every oc-
casion, however irrelevant, to abuse and denounce
the President of the United States as a tyrant and
usurper. It was done to produce a revolution in
public sentiment, with the sole purpose of bringing
into power those reckless persons who were ready
to produce any revolution, in order to turn them-
selves uppermost. Yes, they were willing to see
the fairest and happiest country the world ever
saw* deluged in blood and desolation, to wreak
their vengeance on that venerable old patriot who
now occupied the White House, to their exclusion.
Butfor him they thought their unbridled ambition
might have been long since gratified. He was the
only barrier between them and the great object of
their ambition. Mr. B. said that the President
had been placed there by the people—by a most
overwhelming majority—and he hoped, in spite of
the efforts of such a party, and their bank govern-
ment to aid them, the people would sustain him,
so long as he so nobly adhered to their rights and
interests, in defence of which he was now willing
to sacrifice his all.
He was glad that the gentleman had thought fit
to arraign this House for the exercise of tyranny
and usurpation towards the bank government.
Yes, the Representatives of the whole people liad
also been guilty of usurpation and tyranny towards
the bank. But who were those that had been
guilty of this usurpation? The members of this
House, and many of them the warmest friends of
the bank; for many of them voted to clothe this
very committee with the very power that they had
exercised, and proposed now to exercise. Were
they, then, not as culpable as the committee who
only proposed to execute the powers granted them
by the House? Certainly, he thought that those
who gave the powers to the committee were the
persons guilty of the usurpation, and among them
was, he believed, a majority of the warmest friends
of the bank in the House. But the cry of usur-
pation and tyranny had been set afloat to gull and
impose on the poor ignorant people, no doubt as
gentlemen thought, and he expected next year to
hear that the people themselves had become ths'
tyrants and usurpers of the powers and rights of
this precious monopoly—of this most arrogant
and corrupt institution, that is now bidding defi-
ance to the Government of the whole nation and
its authenty. The gentleman-from South Caro-
lina seemed much alarmed as to the power of the
House to arrest a citizen in Pennsylvania and
bring him here to testify before this body. He
thought there was no more cause for alarm than
there could be in ease the court of the United
States were to issue a subpaena to arrest an indi-
vidual to appear before it in this city. The same
power that had given this right to the court of the
United States had given it to this body, as a col-
lateral branch of the Government. He could not,
then, see why such extraordinary sensibility
should be felt by honorable gentlemen on the pres-
ent occasion, except for the extraordinary interest
taken on behalf of the bark and its officers.
What had we heard? (said Mr. B.) Had not
the gentleman called upon thegood people of Penn-
sylvania to resist the civil authorities of the Gov-
ernment? Had he not here, on this floor, endeav-
ored to excite the good people of that patriotic
State to rebellion?   Yes, sir, to rebellion?
Mr. PINCKNEY rose to explain, and said he
had not called on the people of Pennsylvania to
resist the civil authorities of the Government.
Mr. BYNUM said he was very glad that the
gentleman had disavowed his assertion, as hecer-
tainly understood him to have said whafchehad
stated most distinctly. But he was glad that the
gentleman had now qualified his remarks on that
subject. He hoped no member of this House was
capable of wishing to excite rebellion in this coun-
try, however desperate might be the fortunes of
their political party.
Mr. WATMOUGH rose and called Mr. Bynum
to order.
Mr. LYTLE asked Mr. Watmodgh to state
the exceptionable words.
Mr. WATMOUGH declined.
The SPEAKER decided that Mr. Bynüm was
not out of order.
Mr. B- continued. He should like to know-
why such alarm should be felt at the proposition
of the committee simply to arrest persons at a
distance, and have them brought here to testify,
when almost every judicial tribunal in the coun-
try , o f any conseq uence, had exercised this power,
almost a thousand times over, without the least
alarm or complaint being made in any quarter.
Were the persons connected with this bank to
have superior privileges to any other class of citi-
zens of this country? He hoped not. He hoped
that the freemen of America would never consent
that a few bankers should be more exempt from
arrests, or any other regular process of the laws
of this country than any other plain men of the
community. He saw nothing in the report of the
majority of the committee that had alarmed him
in the least. The powers which it proposed to be
exercised had been exercised by bodies of much
inferior dignity a hundred times over, without
prejudice to the citizen, or material injury to any
one. He thought the charge against the commit-
tee of usurping arbitrary power of the same class
with those that had been so profusely madeagainst
the Executive; both of which were equally, he
thought, unfounded, and coined with the same in-
tent. The people were not so blind, he hoped, as
not to see through the game that ceitain political
jugglers were endeavoring to play on them, here
and elsewhere. It was in vain to try to screen the
conduct of the bank by attempting to draw off
from it the attention of the people, by setting up
a cry of tyranny and usurpation against all who
dare to question the purity of its conduct, and who
will not consent to bow before its golden altar.
The keen-sighted people would never be diverted
from their object by such shifts to avoid a strict
investigation into the conduct of the bank; and
those who expected to succeed by resorting to such
means, his life upon it, would be wofully deceived
when fairly confronted before the mass of the great
body of the American people. The honorable
gentleman and his party deceived themselves, if
