408.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
they thought that they were to succeed by impo-
sing on the honest freemen of this countiy ph.lip-
ics and bitter denunciations of all who presumed
to differ with them, as being the advocates of
tyranny and usurpation. The people werenotso
j<morant as not to require proof of such chaiges,
befoie they proceed to condemn some of the best
and purest of men
He had submitted his views in reply to the hon-
orable gentleman, simply,to let him know that
there were others in this House who entertained
opinions directly at variance with those the hon-
orable gentleman entertained, and who were as
tenacious and as conscientious of them as the hon-
orable member could possibly be of his.
Mr. HAWES said, from appearances, if this
discussion was not stopped, it would occupy the
whole day There was other important business
before the House He therefore move'd that the
motion be laid on the table.
The motion was lost without a count.
, Mr. LYTLE felt an imperative obligation to
make a brief explanation for the satisfaction of the
House, as well as himself. The committee were
unanimously of opinion that both reports should
be printed m the samevolume. Eveiy individual
expressed an entne willingness that the views of
both sides should be presented together. He had
been amazed and confounded at the course of this
debate. The House had been told that the ma-
jority of the committee had desired to "forestall "
public opinion
The CHAIR said no such charge had been made
to the understanding of the Chair.
Mr. LYTLE said such a charge had been made
bythegentlemanfiomRhodeIsland,[Mr Buróes ]
The CHAIR said it only could have been stated
hypothetically, or that gentleman would have been
called to order
Mr. LYTLE said that, between the Speaker and
himself an honest difference of opinion might exist,
but the obvious tendency and design of the remark
of the gentleman from Rhode Island was to make
that charge. If it was not, he could deny the fact.
He threw the charge back with scorn and contempt
from whatever source it might emanate, as a gross
libel upon the motives and conduct of the commit-
tee. So far from any portion of the committee
desiring to "forestall public opinion " by printing
these lepoits separately, it was then unanimous
opinion that they should be printed togethei If
the public printer had printed separately the copies
designed for the use of the membei s,it was a matter
which, so far as he knew, rested entuely between
the clerk and the prmtei He fully agreed with
the gentleman from South Ciuolma [Mi Pinck-
ney] that the laigest numbei proposed should be
. printed. He wished the people of this countiy to
understand the position which had been taken by
the bank A new and distinct issue has been
formed It was no longer a merequebtion of bank
or no bank. It was one of infinitely gieater im-
portance: whether a moneyed corporation was
stronger than the Government which gave it exist-
ence, and whether the representatives of the people
did or did not possess the right of examination,
expressly reserved in the charter. This was the
true issue which had been laised by the directors
of this corporation. Ithad afforded the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. PiNcitNEY]an opportu-
nity of urging upon the minds of the people of
Pennsylvania the odious doctrines of nullification.
It would, no doubt, be exceedingly agreeable to
that gentleman to associate Pennsylvania with
South Carolinam such acase Butif heexpected
to effect this, he had misconceived public opinion.
The effervescence of feeling which had been dis-
played upon a late festive occasion, was limited
and superficial, and can be tiaced to causes alto-
gether distinct fiom political partialities or sympa-
thies on the part of the people of that gi eat State.
The State of Pennsylvania was still sound to the
core. She could not be deluded or seduced fiom
her devotion to the Constitution She was still the
key stone of the Union, bank orno bank He did
not propose to go into a discussion of the report
at this time, but was prepared to defend every inch
of ground taken by the committee. The report
was a naked chronicle of then proceedings, con-
cluding with resolutions, which were intended as
a mere synopsis of what the committee considered
necessary, m order to vindicate themselves and
this House from the insults heaped upon them by
the managers of the bank.
The attempt that had been made soon after the
appointment of the committee to "foiestall" pub-
lic opinion  by the bank oigan in this city, he
should consider to be a proper subject of future
inquiry     The conductois of the National Inlelli
gencer had dared to asperse fie motives and con-
duct of this committee     As the official organs of
the bank, they had, " by authority," (he quotes
fiom memory) announced to this House that it u
' should bepiotected, through the well known purity  i
and elevated character of the President and Direc-  I
tors of the bank, from the unworthy scrutiny and
nefanous designs of the committee of their own
appointment      Thus  it  appeals, that   the  fiist
attempt to "forestoll"pubhcopimon was made by I
the printers to Congress, and we all know that the
same line of conduct has been industriously pur-
sued by the other pensioned presses of the bank
throughout the Union.
He hoped the two reports, in accoidance with
the opinion of the committee, would be printed
together, and that the laigest number would be
printed.
Mr. SUTHERLAND said he felt very thankful
so far as he was concerned, as an humble member
from the State of Pennsylvania, to the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr Pincknet] foi the in-
terest he had expressed for the diffusion of inte'h-
gence among her citizens If that gentleman had
, reflected that the motion to print had come from
the State of Pennsylvania, he might have spared
himself some portion of his sympathy
Mr PINCKNEY wished to explain It was not
Pennsylvania alone which he wished to enlighten,
but the whole United States. He was not befoie
eware that the motion to print haa originated with
a member fiom Pennsylvania.
Mr. SUTHERLAND said it was not m order to
debate the general question He should not have
usen, but from the appeals which had been made '
m behalf of poor Pennsylvania The gentleman
from South Carolina [Mi. Pinckney] would do
well to look at home The people of South Car-
, olma would not suffer from an increase of useful
information.
M r. HAW ES again moved to lay the motion to
print on the table;,which was negatived without a
division.
After some remarks by Mr. COULTER, the
question was statedon filling the blank with the
highest number, 30,000
Mr. PINCKNEY moved to fill the blank with
40,000, which was negatived without a division
The question was then taken on filling the blank  i
with30,000. which was can led—ayes93,noes 89
The motion to prmt30,000 copies of both reports  ¡
was then adopted without a division
REVOLUTIONARY COMMUTATION BILL.
The motion to reconsider the vote by whicn the
commutation bill had been recommitted to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
then came up.
The question was debated by Messrs. GIL-
MER, MARSHALL, VANDERPOEL, MA-
SON, BURGES, and F PIERCE, when the
question was taken, and determined in the nega-
tive—yeas 76, nays 104
The bill to legulate the value of certain foieign
silver coins was taken up, and read a third time
Mr KING, of Pennsylvania, called for the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill, which were
ordeied.
Some discussion arose, in which Messrs.
BURGES, WHITE of New York, DENNY,
GORHAM, McKIM, SELDEN, CLAYTON,
COULTER, KING of Pennsylvania, JONES of
Georgia, BEARDSLEY, CAMBRELENG, and
HARPER of Pennsylvania, took pait
Mi. BOON moved the previous question,but it
was not seconded by the House.
The question was taken by yeas and nays on
the motion of Mr GORHAM, to iecommit the
bill, with instiuctions to strike out all after the
enacting clause, and insert a section nrovidmo- that
the dol'ars of Peiu, Chili, Mexico, and Cential
America, shall be a legal tender, at the late of 100
cents each, when they are not below a certain
j weight and fineness, and that the five franc pieces
I of France shall be a legal tender at ninety-three
cents each, and decided m the affirmative—yead
86, nays 82
On motion of Mr WHITE, of New York, the
House then resolved itself n tos Committee of the
Whole on the state of tne Union, upon the above
bill, to regulate the value of certain foieign silver
coins, (Mr. Briggs in the chair )
The committee rose and reponed the bill, with
the amendment moved by Mr Gorham
The amendment having been concurred in, the
bill, as amenfled, was oidered to be engrossed for
a thud reading     Read a third time and passed.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wi-dnesdVi May 28, 1834.
A message upon executive business was re-
reived fiom the President cf ihe United States, by
Mr   Donelson, his Pnvate Secretaiy.
A rr cesage was received from the House of
Rep-esentatives, by Mi. Franklin, their Cleik,
stating that they had passed a bill regulating the
value of foreign coin, in which they asked the
concurrence of the Senate.
PETITIONS.
Mr CHAMBERS presented a memorial from
sundry citizens of the second election district of
Fredenck county, Maryland, praying for a íesto-
ration ofthe deposites to, and the recharterof,the
Bank of the United States, Avhich was refeired
to the Committee on Finance, and oidered to be
printed
Mr FRELINGHUYSENpresented two memo-
rials from citizens of New Jersey, remonstrating
against the renewal of the patent to John Ames,
paper-maker, which were ordered to be punted.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported a bill modifying the act regulating
imports—repealing so much of it as relates to
the importation of hardware, copper, and brass;
which was read, passed to a second reading, and
ordered, together with the documents, to be
printed
Mr. TOMLINSON, fiom the Committee on
Pensions, asked to be discharged from the furthe 
consideration of the petition ofthe administrator
of Robert Heniy Dyei, which was agreed to.
Mr TOMLINSON, from the same committee,
asked to be discharged fiom the further consider-
ation of the petition of James Smith, which was
concurred in.
RESTORATION OF THE  DEPOSITES.
Mr CLAY, agreeably to notice given yesterday,
asked leave to introduce the following resolutions:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Rejn esentahtes
of the United States of Jlmerwam Congi ess assembled,
That the reasons communicated by the Secretary
of the Treasury, in his repoit to Congress of the
11th day of December, 1833, for the removal of the
deposites ofthe money ofthe United States, from
the Bank of the United States and its branches, are
insufficient and unsafisfactory
Resohed, theiefme, That all deposites of the
money ofthe United States which may accrue or
be received, on and after the 1st day of July, 1834,
¡shall be made with the Bank of the United States
and its branches, in conformity with the provisions
of the act entitled " An act to incorporate the
subscribers to the Bank of the United States,"
approved the 10th April, 1816
Mr. CLAY said, it would be perceived that the
first of these resolutions was a mere reaffirmance
of the resolution passed by the Senate a short time
since That was a separate resolution intended as
the basis of future legislation, if it should be found
necessary, and the adoption of which, by the Sen-
ate, he thought, should have been followed by a
restoration of the deposites to the Bank of the
United States, without any further action on the
subject. To the resolution adopted by the Senate
it was objected that it was a mere abstract resolu-
tion, which could lead tono practical consequences.
Mi. C thought theie was nothing m this objec-
tion, but to prevent any one from being misled,
thought proper to present these resolutions. The
second, it would be perceived, piovided for the
restoration of the deposites to the Bank *f the
