THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED   AND   PUBLISHED   AT   THE   CITY   OF   WASHINGTON,   BY   BLAIR   &   RIVES.
23d Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JUNE 7, 1834.
Vol. 1.....No. 27.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, May 31, 1834.
Mr  WEBSTER gave notice that he should, on
Monday next, move to print an additional number
of copies of the Biennial Register.
On motion of Mr. EWING, the bill settling and
establishing the northern boundary line of the
State of Ohio, was taken up and made the special
Older of the day for Wednesday next.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, on leave obtained,
introduced a bill for the relief of Duncan L.
Clinch; which was read twice and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands
Mr CLAYTON moved that the Senate take up
the bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Moses Sheperd,'deceased. Lost. Yeas 12,
nays 16
Mr CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, introduced a bill for the relief of the
legal representatives of Philip Moore, deceased;
which was read and ordered to a second reading.
On motion of Mr. KING, of Alabama, the bill
for the relief of Mountjoy Bayly was taken up.
Mr. MOORE moved to recommit the bill to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. The prin-
ciple involved was an important one. It was one
oí interest or commutation, which had always been
reported against by the committee.
Mr. BLACK thought the principle of interest
was different from that supposed by the gentleman
fiom Alabama, [Mr Moore ] It was on the
principle of the funding act, which, he thought,
was decided by yeas and nays at the last session
The interest was umveisally allowed, and was not
questioned till this session.
Mr POINDEXTER, Mr. BELL, and Mr.
CHAMBERS, made some remarks against the
recommitment.
Mr MOORE then withdrew his motion, con-
tenting himself to let the principle be settled on
the passage of the bill
Mi. FRELINGUUYSEN opposed the bill on
the principle that «¡urn claims of interest alone
would exhaust the whole Tieasuiy.
Mi BELL denied that the claim was one of
interest it was th's belief which led gentlemen
to the misapprehension The claim was foi fifty
years of halt-pay, a>"d nothing more
Mi   WHITE said, the object of this bill was
to give inteiebt on five yeais' full pay.    He had
looked into this claim, and had come to the con- I
elusion that the applicant was  entit'ed neither to I
the principal nor the inteiest    Ii the year 1S31 he
applied  to Congress for his five yeais' full pay, |
instead of his half-pay for life, which wasgianted
to him on pioducing pioof to satisfy theSecietaiy
of War     And Mi  W. thought that no satisfac-
tory proof had ever been produced of his servmg
to the end of the war   Whether the Senate should
decide  for or against the  principle of allowing
interest in such cases,  he protested against its
being allowed in this case
Some fmther remaiks were made by Messrs
TYLER, BELL, BIBB, CHAMBERS, and
KING of Georgia, in favor of the bill, and by
Messrs LEIGH, WHITE, and SMITH, in
opposition to it.
The question bemg.on the passage of the bill,
Mi BIBB asked the yeas and nays, which were
oideied, and are as follows, to wit-
YEAS—Messis. Bell, Bibb, Bljick, Chambers,
City, Henducks, Kent, King of Alabama, Mc-
Kean, Pomdexter, Poiter, Robbms, Silsbee,
Spra^uc, Tomlmson, Tyler—16
NAYS—Messis Benton, B.iown, Calhoun,
Ewing, Forsyth, Frelmghuysen", Grundy, Hill,
King of Geoigia, Leigh, Linn, Mangum, Mooie,
Moiris, Prentiss, Robinson, Shepley, Smith,
Swift, Tipton, White, Wright—22
The bill granting to Geneial p. Thomas, of
Louisiana, a tract of land m consideration of the
military services rendered by him in taking pos-
session of that portion of West Florida included
in the district of Baton Rouge, was considered as
'27
in Committee of the Whole, and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
On motion of Mr. FORSYTH, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 31, 1834.
Mr. E. WHITTLESEY, from the Committee
of Claims, reported sundry bills from the Senate;
which were  referred to the Committee of the
Whole
Mr. MERCER, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, repotted a bill authorizing examina-
tions, suiveys, and estimates, for the construction
of certain roads, and the improvement of certain
harbors and rivers; which was read twice and
committed
Mr. MERCER, from the same committee,
reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to lay before the House any information in his
department, respecting the cost of constructing
the contemplated embankment across the swamps
and water courses between a point on the Mis-
sissippi, opposite Memphis, in Tennessee, and
the high ground west of St Fiancis river, and to
report whether the road beyond the same, leading
from Memphis to Little Rock, requires a further
sum for its completion,and what amount is deemed
sufficient theiefoi.
Mr. M requested that the House would now
act upon this resolution, as the information sought
was important for the action of the House The
resolution was taken up by unanimous consent
and adoptod
Mr SCHLEY, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reponed a bill for granting a pension
to Thomas Mortoij  which was read twice and
committed
Mi. BELL, from the Judiciary Committee,
reported a bill giving the assent of Congress to an
asieement oi compact entered into between the
States of New York and New Jersey, respecting
the territorial limits andjunsdiction of thoseStates
Mr. B said it was regarded as a matter of great
importance by these States that this bill should be
passed the present session: there being, so far as
he was appnzed.no objecfon from any quarter to
its provisions, he hoped the House would consent
to its being read at length, with a view to move
Us engiosament for a thud reading.
The bill was lead accordingly.
Mr J Q. ADAMS wished this bill wojld take
the ordinary com se. The provisions of this bill
were extremely important; and he presumed they
had been duly considered by the Judiciary Com-
mittee But he wished for time to look into them
foi himself, in order to ascertain if the rights of
the United States were properly guarded. As he
undeistooJ the bill, it appeared to assert that the
two States of New York and New Jersey had i
entirejunsdiction over the waters mentioned m the
agreement. The United States, m his opinion, had
important rights which had not been noticed. He
did not wish to disturb the agreement, so far as
referred to territorial boundaues, but the para-
mount right of the United States ought not to be
conceded
Mr BELL said the committee, in their exami-
nation of the subject, had not perceived that any-
thing was contained in the agreement which could
in any way infringe the rights of the United States
If thegentlemanfiomMassachusetts [Mr Adams]
felt any apprehension in that respect, he was per-
fectly willing to add a proviso saving all the rights
of the United States. This would cure all objec-
tions of that kind If the gentleman desued it,
he had no objection to postpone the question of
engiossment until the bill could be examined
Mr ADAMS hoped the bill would be printed.
Mr. BELL had no objection.
Mr PARKER explained the circumstances
which led to the necessity of settling the bounda-
ries between the two States at length. The agree-
ment had been unanimously entered into between
the commissioners of the two States, and had been
confiimed unanimously by the Legislatures of
both States. It was an agieement between the
States relative to a matter belonging to the States
exclusively.
Mr. BELL moved that the further consideration
of the bill be postponed until Wednesday next,
and that the bill be printed.
Mr GILLET suggested the propriety of making
it a special order for that day; which was agreed to.
Mr. BELL, from the Judiciary Committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the sureties of George
Wheeler, et al , which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. BELL, instructed by the same committee,
moved that the report upon the petition of James
McCally be recommitted to that committee; which
was agreed to.
Mr. DEMING, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Timothy Jordan; which was read twice and com-
muted.                                                                *
Mr. GARLAND, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ;which was adopted :
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land
Claims be instructed to inquire into the expedien-
cy of confirming, by law, all the claims for land in
favor of individuals which were recommended for
confirmation by the registei of the land office at
Opelousas, in the State of Louisiana, in his report
of 1st October, 1825, which are excepted from the
provisions of the act of Congress of 16th May,
1826, entitled " An act to confirm certain claims to
lands in the district of Opelousas, in Louisiana;"
and also, all claims in favor of individuals recom-
mended for confirmation by the register and re-
ceiver of the land district south of Red river, in
Louisiana, in their report ot 1st November, 1824,
upon the land claims situated between the Rio
Honda and the Sabine, which aie excepted fiom
the provisions of the act of Congress of 24th May,
1828, entitled "An act to confirm claims to lands
in the distnct between the Rio Honda and Sabine
river, founded on habitation and cultivation."
KENTUCKY CONTESTED ELECTION.
The report of the Committee of Elections upon
the contested election for the fifth congressional
district then came up.
Mr MOORE addressed the Housein support of
his claim to the seat, and in reply to the argument
urged yesterday by his competitor, Mr Letcher,
which occupied the attention of the House until
nearly three o'clock. When Mr. Moore had con-
cluded—
Mr LEAVITT rose, and after some prelimi-
nary remarks on the state of business before the
House, moved the pievious question.
Mr HARDIN asked if the previous question
would cut oiF the amendments offered by the mi-
nority of the Committee of Elections.
The CHAIR stated that it would cut off all
amendments.
The question being put, the House refused to
second the previous question: Yeas 88, nays 102.
Mr HARDIN took the floor, and spokeatcon-
siderable length in support of the claim of Mr
Lei CHEii to the seat
Mr McKINLEY rose and remarked that he
was unwilling to give his vote on this question
without giving his views in regard to it Hewaa
willing to proceed now, and to remain here till the
question was determined, or to adjourn.
Mr McKINLEY yielded the floor to
Mr. J a. ADAMS, who moved an adjourn-
ment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, it
was detei mined in the negative. Yeas 81, nays 121.
Mr   McKINLEY addressed the House upon
the lesolution and the amendment of Mr Banks,
in a speech of about half an hour, and was followed
Vr C ALLAN, who supported the amend-
ment for a short time, when he gave way to
