418                                  THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. .      _____________June_2,
Mr WILLIAMS, who moved an adjournment;
but the yeas and nays having been ordered, he
wiihdiew the motion.
Mi. ALLAN then proceeded again,for a short
time, wht.n he moved the House adjourn, upon
which tne yeas and nays were ordered.
Motion to adjourn negatived: Yeas 92, nays 106.
Mi. ALLAN then moved a call of the House,
which was ordered' Ayes 96, noes 58.
The roll was called, and 210 men answered to
their names.
Mr DICKSON moved the call be suspended,
upon which Mr. MERCER demanded the yeas
and nays, which were ordered.
Mr. DICKSON then withdrew the motion until
the list of absentees should be called through.
Mr WARD moved that the call be suspended,
which was agreed to.
Mr. BURD moved the House adjourn; which
was negatived without a division.
The CHAIR stated the question as follows:
Resolved, That Thomas P. Moore, Esquire, is
entitled to the seat in litis House, to represent the
fifth congressional district of the State of Ken-
tucky;
Winch was moved by Mr BANKS to be
amended by striking out the whole after the word
" resolved," and inserting instead theieof—
" That all the legal votes which were received in
'Lancaster, Gariard county, whilst Moses Grant,
' Esq., acted as one of the judges, on the first
' morning of the election in August las!, and those
' of a like character, given on the second day of
' the election in the casual absence of the sheriff,
' ought to be estimated m ascertaining the result
' of the election."
The amendment was required to be divided.
A question arose as to the effect of sinking out
and inserting a part of the amendment, when
Mr BEARDSLEY, as a means of obviating
the difficulty, moved the previous question.
Which was negatived: Ayes 89, noes 108
Mr. MOORE proposed to add, after the i esolu-
tion reported by the committee, the first member
of the amendment proposed by Mr. Banks, in-
stead of moving to strike out the resolution, which
was assented to by Mr  Barnes.
Messrs. ADAMS and MARSHALL debated
the effect of this amendment.
The question was then taken, and carried by
the following vote; Yeas 112, nays 102
The question upon the second member of the
amendment, piovitling that the votes taken on the
second day, during the absence of the sheriff,
should be counted, was then taken and cained:
Yeas 131, nays 84
The question was then taken on the nextclause
of the amendment, pioviding that the votes of the
theological students at Danville, by name, should
be counted.
Mr. GILMER moved the question be so divided
as to take the question upon those students who
belonged out of the State of Kentucky separately.
The question was first taken on counting the
votes of all excepting Blackburne Leffler and G.
M. Ormond. This was earned   Yeas 119, nays 96.
The question was then taken on counting the
votes of Blackburne LelTler and G M. Ormond;
and was cained' Yeas 112, nays 103.
The question was then taken on the votes con-
tained in the next clause, containing five voters,
who were originally certified as voting both for
Letcher and Moore.
After an explanation by Messrs. HARDINand
S JONES, it was carried: Yeas 119, nays 95.
The question was taken on the next clause of
the amendment relating to the voters who weie
struck from Letcher's poll, as being unknown.
After some remarks in explanation of the facts
relative to this proposition, from Messrs. HAR-
DIN, GIIOLSON, CHILTON ALLAN.ELLS-
WORTH, POPE, and BANKS,
Mr  MUHLENBERG moved to adjourn
Which was carried; and the House, at mne
o'clock, adjourned accordingly.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June % 1834.
Mr. SILSBEE piesented the memorial of citi-
zens of Massachusetts;
Mr. McKEAN, of citizens of Pennsylvania;
Mr. BELL, of citizens of New Hampshire;
Mr. WRIGHT, of citizens of New York; and
Mr. HENDRICKS, of citizens of Indiana, íe-
mon^traling against the i enew al of the patent right
of John Ames, for an improvement in the manu-
facture of paper, ail of which weie laid upon the
table.
Mr. McKEAN presented the proceedings of a
meeting, styled the Democratic Whig Association
of the Third Ward of the Northern Liberties,
Philadelphia, opposed to an adjournment of Con-
gress, until something should be done to settle the
cuirency of the country. The proceedings were
read, referred to the Committee on Finance, and
orueicJ to be pr" ted.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of Na-
thaniel Niles,late temporary representative of the
United States at Pans; which was referred to the
Committee on Foieign Relations.
Mr. SPRAGUE piesented the memorial of four
hundred and fifty citizens of Augusta, Maine; and
Mr. CLAY, the memorial of citizens of Bour-
bon county, Kentucky—both in favor of the resto-
ration of the deposites, and the recharter of the
Bank of the United States. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
' Mr. SOUTHARD presented the memorial of
citizens of Gloucester county, New Jeisey, in
favor of the course of the Executive with regard to
the United States Bank, and praying that Con-
gress «rill not enact a law rechaitenng that insti-
tution, or directing the public deposites to be
íestored to it. The memorial was referred to the
Committee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SOUTHARD presented the proceedings of
a meeting of democratic citizens of Hunterdon
county, New Jeisey, in favor of the proceedings
of the President with regard to the bank; disap-
proving of the course of the Senate in refusing to
spread upon its Journals the protest of the Presi-
dent against the Senate's passing judgment upon
him without trial, and in*favor ot the doctrines
embodied in that document.
Mr. SOUTHARD also presented the proceed-
ings of the Democratic State Convention, com-
posed of upwards of four hundred delegates, from
every part of New Jersey, similar m character to
that from Hunterdon county.
Mr. S. said he had some difficulty in his own
mind as to the proper course for him to pursue in
regard to these memorials. The one last alluded
to was couched m indecorous language towards
the Senate, and als>o spoke in terms oi reprehen-
sion of himself and colleague He, however,
moved that the resolutions be printed, and take the
usual refeience.
Mr. CLAYTON opposed the printing, on the
gioundofimproperlanguageused towards the Sen-
ate, and moved to lay the proceedings on the table.
Mr. FORSYTH hoped the motion would not be
pressed. A memorial from another New Jeisey
convention was received some time ago fiom the
other party, and this was but a response to that.
This was just like the other. That denounced
the Piesident of the United States, and the mi-
nority of the Senate, though not by name, yet in
effect. He hoped this would meet with the same
disposition which that received
Messrs. CLAYTON, EW1NG, POINDEX-
TER, and FRELINGHÜYSEN, made some
further remarks against printing the proceedings,
and Messis. FORSYTH and CHAMBERS in
favor of the motion.
Mr. CLAY said, in order to have an opportu-
nity of getting up his resolutions for consideration,
he moved to lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr FORSYTH observed, as it seemed to him
that this course would be a final disposition of the
matter, he asked the yeas and nays on the motion,
which were ordered, and are as follow, to wit:
YEAS—Messrs Bell, Bibb, Chambers, Clay,
Clayton, Ewmg, Kent, Knight, Leigh, Moore,
Naudam, Pomdexter, Poiter, Prentiss, Robbms,
Silabee, Smith, Sprague, Swift, Tomhnson, and
Welster—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Forsyth,
Grundy, Hendricks, Hill, Kane, King of Ala-
bama, King of Georgia, Linn, Morns, Preston,
Robinson, Shepley, Tipton, White, Wilkms, and
Wright—18.
So the question was determined in the affirma-
tive.
REPORTS.
Mr WEBSTER, from the Committee on the
Judiciaiy, leported a bill suspending for a tune
the payment of certain revenue bonds executed by
William D  Ross, for duties due upon iron
Mr POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public'Lands, asked to be discharged from the
fuither consideration of the petition of Henry-
Smith; which was agreed to.
Mr. GRUNDY, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was refeired
a resolution of inquiry, reported a bill placing the
postage upon periodical pamphlets upon the same
footing as newspapers; which was read, and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. CHAMBERS,fiom the Committee on the
District of Columbia, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration of the memorials of in-
habitants of the District of Columbia, and State
of Maryland praying Congress to purchase the
Eastern branch bridges, in order to make them
toll free; which was agreed U>.
Mr. CHAMBERS, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of the managers of the
Female Ophan Asylum of Gecigetown, District
of Columbia; which was read, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, reported a bill from the House of Rep-
resentatives, without amendment, for the relief of
James B Folsom, and gave notice that, when the
bill was called up. he was instructed by the com-
mittee to move its rejection.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the same committee,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the petition of Charles King, which was
agreed to.
Mr. BROWN then moved to take up for con-
sideration the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives, fixing a day for the adjournment of
the present session of Congress.
The CHAIR said that the special order had
precedence of other business.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
Mr. Bibb's resolution for an amendment relative
to the election of President and Vice President oi
the United States.
Mr. BIBB then resumed and concluded his re-
marks in favor of his proposed amendments,
when
Mr. BENTON moved to recommit the resolu-
tion to a select committee of five members, which,
not being objected to by Mr. BIBB, was agreed
to.
The Senate then balloted for the committee,
when the following gentlemen were chosen.
Messrs. Bibb, Beaton, Webster, Calhoun,
and Forsyih.
REMOVAL OF THE DEPOSITES.
Mr. CLAY then moved to suspend the orders
of the day and take up the joint resolutions sub-
mitted by him, disapproving of the removal of the
public deposites, and requiring them to be placed,
after the fust of July next, in the Bank of the Uni-
ted States.
Upon this motion, Mr. BROWN asked the
yeas and nays, which were ordered, and are as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Bibb, Calhoun, Cham-
bers, Clay, Clayton, Ewing,Frelmghuysen, Hen-
dricks, Kent, Knight, Naudam, Pomdexter, Pren-
tiss, Robbms, Sllsbee, Smith, Southard, Sprague,
Swift, Tomhnson, Tyler, Webster—24.
NAYS—Messrs Benton, Black, Brown, For-
syth, Grundy, Hill, King of Alabama, King of
Geoigia, Linn, Mangum, Morris, Robinson,
Shepley, Tipton, White, Wilkms—16.
So it was determined to suspend the orders, and
the Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
resolutions of Mf. Clay, which were read.
Mi. BENTON moved that the resolutions be
postponed for the purpose of giving the Senate an
opportunity of considering the following resolu-
tion-
I Resolved, That the Senate will not consider any
proposition to restore the public moneys to the
keeping of the Bank of the United States, or to
renew the charter of that bank, until after it shall
have ¡submitted to a full examination of its affairs
