1S34.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
by a committee of one of the Houses of Congress,
and especially into the part which the bank may
have acted, if any, in producing the late commer-
cial embarrassments and distresses.
Mr. B , in support of his motion, spoke some-
what at large in vindication of the right of Con-
gress to examine into the conduct and affairs of
the" bank, and its duty to do so before it would
entertain any proposition of honor or.confidence
to that institution. The right to make this exami-
nation (he said) rested upon many grounds. A
clause in the charter reserved this right, and re-
served it without limitation or restriction, without
forms or conditions; and it was not to be endured
that this unconditional right,reserved by Congress,
should be defeated and nullified by the interposi-
tion of forms and conditions, restrictions and limi-
tations, prescribed by the bank itself, and which
would put it into the power of that institution to be
examined or not, just as it pleased. Besides this
chartered right to examine the bank, Mr. B. said
that the United States was a partner in the institu-
tion, and possessed the natural and equitable right
of all partners to know how the partnership con-
cerns were managed. Every partner has a right
to examine the books and papers of the concern;
dormant partners possess this right as well as
active partners, and if the members of the concern
who have charge of these books and papers refuse
to submit them to the inspection of the other part-
ners, a court of equity will interfere, upon the
application of the injured party, and place the
books and papers where every partner can have i
free access to them. This is the natural right, and j
equitable law of partnerships; and the people of |
the United States, who are partners to the amount
of seven millions of dollars in this bank, Ifave a
right to see how it has been managed, and their
representatives are the proper persons to exercise
that right. A committee of Congress is the proper
organ to examine fur the people; and if such a ;
committee should be repulsed from the door of the
bank, then the rights of the people, as partners in '
the institution, are resisted and violated.                  ;
A third ground on which Mr. B. bottomed the
right of the (Government to examine the affairs of
the bank, resulted from the nationality of tne insti- ;
tution—from its national character, in contradis-
tinction to its mere banking character—and the
consequent liability which it incurred with ail other
national institutions, to undergo the supervision of
the power which created it. On this point he
quoted General Hamilton, and showed that that
eminent man, when he was first recommending a
Bank of the United Stales m the year 1791, openly
■ asserted the right and the duty of the Government
to examine the institution asoften as it thoughtfit, |
and declared that an objection to such an exami-
nation would imply mismanagement. Here he
read the following paragraph from General Ham- I
ilton's report of 1791:                                                 I
"If the paper of a bank is permitted to insinuate ¡
' itself into all the revenues and receipts of acoun- j
' try; if it is even to be tolerated, as the substitute [
' for gold and silver, in all the transactions of busi- j
' ness,it becomes, in eitherview,(í national conce) n
' the first of magnitude.    As such, the ordinary íules ;
' of prudence require that the Govehnment should
' possess the means of ascertaining, whenever it '
' thinks fit, that so delicate a trust is executed with
-        'fidelity and care.    A right of this nature is not j
' only desirable as it respects the Government, but j
' it ought to be equally so to all those concerned in [
* the institution, asan additional title to public and \
' private confidence, and as a thing which can only be ;
'formidable to practices that imply mismanagement."
All this has happened, said Mr. B. The paper ;
of the Bank of the United S'ate3 has insinuated .
itself into the receipts and revenue of the country; i
it has become a substitute for gold and silver; it
has entered into all the transactions of business
between man and man; and thereby this bank has
become a national concern, and a concern of the
first magnitude. The branch of the Government
immediately representing the people have thought
fit to order an investigation into the affairs of the
bank; and that investigation has been resisted and
defeated by the bank. In the language of General
Hamilton, this resistance implies mismanagement;
and that mismanagement ought to stimulate the
Government to an exertion of all its powers to
enforce the examination to which it is entitled.
A fourth ground upon which Mr. B. placed the
right of the Government to examine the affairs of
the bank related to the restoration of the deposites
and the renewal of the charter. If the bank were
culpable, it would have no claim to the further
keeping of the public moneys, and it ought to
submit to have that question of culpability tried by
the evidence of its own books. If it had abused
the powers granted to it, it can have no claim for
furttier favor or confidence. On this point he took
a decisive stand, independent of the" charter, and
independent of all legal rights, and resting upon the
great principle that the Government had a right
to know how the bank had been managed during
its present existence, before it would renew to it
another term of existence. This was a condition
precedentin the hands of the Government, ft was
a condition which it had a right to prescribe, and
which, under present circumstances, it was emi-
nently its duty to prescribe. It had a right to say
to the bank, we wish to know how you have ex-
ercised the great powers we'have granted to you,
before we renew those powers; we wish to exam-
ine yourown books, to see what your conduct has
been; and until you submit to that examination,
we will not entertain, or consider, any proposition
to renew your extraordinary privileges. This was
what the Government had a right to say. It was
what was done in England in relation to all great
corporations—the East India Company, as well as
the Bank of England. A committee of forty-eight
members had thoroughly investigated the affairs
of the East India Company before its charter was
renewed; a committee of thirty-two members had
al30 thoroughly examined the affansof the Bank
of England before its charter was renewed at the
last session of Parliament. Lord Althorpe, in the
House of Commons, m 1^-31, felt almost as an im-
putation upon him the question put by Sir Henry
Parnell, whether he. meant to ask for a renewal of
the bank charter, befoie a committee of the House
had investigated the affairs of the bank. He de-
clared that there should be full inquiry; and full
inquiry there was, without limitation, restriction,
condition, or formality, on the part of the bank.
Mr. B. said, it was the right, and the duty of
Congress to act in the same way towards the
Bank of the United States.
Even if no misconduct was imputed to it, it
would be right to examine and see if no miscon-
duct had occurred. It should be a preliminary
step of prudence and precaution, before such large
powers should be granted again. But there was
misconduct imputed to it; and dropping all other
imputations, he would point out the one which
stood first on the list of inquiries ordered by the
House of Representatives—which was alluded to
in the resolution which he proposed to submit, if
the postponement took place which he moved for
and which went to ascertain whether the Bank
of the United States was the author of the dis-
tresses which had prevailed in the country during
the past winter. Tiiis he held to be a most vital
inquiry, and one that should never be abandoned
until the true authors of that distress were made
known to the people. An immense number of
memorials presented to Congress charged it upon
the Piesident; a great number of others chatged
it upon the bank. The truth of these charges the
people ought to know; and certainly the bank
ought not to shrink from the evidence of its own
books. A strong presumptive ease of guilt was
made out against it; and that presumption was
ripening into full proof and absolute conviction,
under the conduct of the bank in refusing to sub-
mit to the test of its own books The Government
directors, in their memorial addressed to Congress,
had strongly inculpated the bank, and gone into a
statement of facts to show that the directors re-
fused every proposition to conduct the curtailment
of the ban"k debts on a plan of equality and impar-
tiality, and put the whole business of the curtail-
ment into the hands of a subaltern committee
appointed by the president of the bank alone, and
exempted even from the small restraint of report-
ing to the board of directors, affirming that the
late pressure in the money market had been occa-
sioned by the bank itself; that the curtailment had
been conducted by a secret committee, and had
been partial, unequal, and unnecessary. Mr. B.
went on to read several extracts from the memo-
rial of the Government directois, to prove what-
he said. At page 16 of their memorial, he read a
resolution submitted by the Government directors
to the board, proposing a systematic reduction, to
be gradual iri its operation, and to bear upon all
sections of the country, and all classes of debtors,
in the same degree and proportion. This plan, the
memorialists say, would have prevented an oppres-
sive, sectional, and partial curtailment, and would
have confined the business of curtailment to the
board of directors, and given to every director a
voice in what was done. This plan was rejected.
No, worse than that: the imperious board refused
even to considerit; and forthwith adopted a series
of resolutions for reducing the business of the
institution, and gave authority to the committee
of the offices to modify these resolutions as they
should deem expedient, and peremptorily refused
to require this committee, thus invested with un-
limited power over the great and delicate business
of curtailment, refused to require them even to
report to the board of directors. This Mr. B.
considered to be a flagrant breach of the charter,
which expressly enacts that not less than seven
directors shall constitute a board to transact busi-
ness. The reduction of a debt of sixty-odd mil-
lions was certainly a piece of business. It was the
most important piece of business ever transacted
by the bank; and has been so transacted as to fill
this Hall with cries of ruin and distress from vari-
ous quarters of the country.
The Government directors expressly charge, at
page 17 of their memorial, that " We attribute to
' them the excessive curtailment hi the business of the
' institution, which has been so sudden and oppiessue
' and which iuai not necessaiy either to the extent to
' which it was cairicd, or in the manner in which it
'was made to bear on  the  community.'*    Having
read these extracts, Mr. B. commented upon them
as containing a direct charge, first, of a breach of
the charter in committing the proper business of
i the board to a subaltern committee of three mem-     \
| bers; and, secondly, of a paitial, sectional, unne-
: cessary, and oppressive curtailment of the debts
I of theinstuution. Thesewerethecharges; charges
! made  by the Government directors, and not in
i newspapers, but in a memorial to Congress. True,
i these directors have been rejected by the Senate;
! but, equally true, the House of Representatives
: have ordered an inquiry into the conduct of the
1 bank, and have put this charge of the Govern-
ment directors at the head, and in the very front
of the subjects to be inquired into by their com-
mittee.   True, again, that the charter reserves to
either House of  Congress* the right, through a
committee, to inspect the books, and to examine
the proceedings of the bank, to see whether the
charter has been violated.    Butwhathas happen-
ed .'   The committee of the House, sent to Ehila-
delphia to inspect the  books, and examine the
proceedings of the bank, hpve been resisted and
repulsed!   They return   without   accomplishing
their mission! and a loud cry is set up in one
general chorus, by the bank and all its friends, in
Congress and out of Congress, that the Govern-
ment must go to law with the bank ! lhatthe direct-
ors are not bound to criminate themselves!  that a
scire facias must issue, and then they will answer
in court!    Thus recusing to abide the evidence of
their own books! thus refusing to let a committee
! of Congress  inspect their books, and  examine
their proceedings, to ascertain whether the bank
was innocent or guilty of a wanton oppression of
the community during the past winter.
Mr. B. said that since the distresses of the South
Sea scheme in England, at the commencement of
the last century, there had not been, in any coun-
try, so loud and pervading a cry of distress as haa
been heard in this country duyng four or five
months past. The cries of the English people had
been carried to Parliament, as the cries of the
American people have been brought to Congress.
What did the English Parliament do? Immedi-
ately raised a committee; sent them to examine the
directors of the South Sea Company; received
their report; ordered all the directors to the bar;
interrogated them in the face of all England; con-
victed them of practices which had distressed,
alarmed, and injured the community; and sent
them to jail, loaded with thecurses of an outraged
kingdom. This is what Parliament did in a simi-
lar caseto what has now happened in our America.
Mr. B. would not ask what Congiess had done?
