422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3 
sentiments in this memorial were the sentiments of
a majority of the people of Pennsylvania. The
proofs were both in and oat of the State—her po-
sition in i elation to the great subjects now agitatirg
the country, was a most ínterestmg one, and her
course might be a decisive one. Pennsylvania
was well known as an early and ardent friend of
the present Executive, and our great difficulty was
in making known our condition to the President of
the United States. It was matter of opinion, but
he believed that the bottom of all our present diffi-
culties, in obtaining relief, lay in the quarter he
had mentioned. He could see no reason for su<-h
unyielding adhesion to personal opinion against
urgent solicitation from all. Whatever was said
of distress, was assigned to panic-makers, parti-
sans at bottom. And then trie bank was the mon-
ster that did it all.
Mr. W thought that those who wished to know
the truth had better look to this meeting and its
lesult for their relief. Here was a convention of
two hundred and fifty members of various political
classes A zealous and active party, called the
anti-masonic party, of strong and unyielding pul-
póse, and then those who assumed the name of
"Whig, a name which he hoped they would not
relinquish, were of the number And one third of
the wnole of these persons were among the oi lgmal
friends of the present Chief Magistiate. Who,
then, could, see these men assembled at this busy
season of the year and say that it was the result of
bank partisanship and pamc-malfng' In thechnir
of the convention he perceived the name of Joseph
Lawrence, of Washington county—a man of the
simplest habits—a farmer, a man who tilled his
own soil with hii own hands; a man whom all the
banks in the world could not buy And the next
was,General Fnck; a gentleman, he believed, of
great experience, who had been seveial years in
the State Legislature. He believed the honorable
member fiom Pennsylvania, who had expiessed
himself with great fairness and candor on present-
ing this memorial, knew Mr Puck He belonged
to the ciaes of thousands who had every induce-
ment to be silent; but who, with othei persons, felt
it their duty to partake of the deliberations of this
assembly. The society of Pi lends, too, had step-
ped forward, who, Mr. W. was sorry to say, had
heretofore, he thought, taken too little part in polit-
ical affairs—they undeistood their interest and
rights, and were deteimmed to exercise them.
Tins memorial said, that the markets for the
produce of the ¿country were crippled, and they
gave the instance of Pittsburg, a city of somethnty
thousand inhabitants, that possessed, but a short
time ago, a well employed population. Their
looms and forges were now stopped, and labor was
seeking employment there If these statements
would not satisfy the Senate and the Executive,
what should be proved' But he (Mi. W 1 enter-
tained but faint hopes of relief until the great move-
ments of public opinion should bring it about A
change of agents was the only effectual mode of
effecting a change in the system. He supposed
that no persuasion would change the determination
of those who administeied the Government, and a
change of councils was the only hopeful remedy
for the people, and he believed the people of Penn-
sylvania were awake to the great question He
invoked and implored her to attend to it, to con-
template thefulure, and if she saw the dangei and
felt the evil, to bring to the crisis her power and
her intelligence She was a great manufacturing
State, first and foremost in domestic industry and
Ameucan labor. If she surrendered these interests
who were to uphold them ' He would ask her
farmers and whole population to consider the polit-
ical doctrines of the piesentday, to look and see if
they breathed the spirit of Ameiican liberty. We
weie now approaching the end of the session, and
yet we had done nothing—theQovei nment had pro-
posed nothing for relief What was there which
they intended to try' Should we do nothing' All
depended upon the decision of one man ' Mr. W.
said he did not know where to begin or to end
when speaking of the broken laws of the country.
Pie would fam bring gentlemen to practical meas-
ures which he and they knew would relieve the
country in an hour. But the danger of going
home without dom§ anything, he deeply de-
pleted.
Mr. FORSYTH said there was no doubt that
the distress which had occasioned the speech of
the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts, and
which had pioduced this memorial, would continue
till the remedy which the gentleman had suggested
as the only and proper one, should be applied—
till the men who now administered the Govern-
ment of the United States were changed. The
honorable gentleman refeired to this memorial as
being sufficient to satisfy Congress that it was the
voice of the people of Pennsylvania. How did it
differ from the memorial presented yesterday from
the convention of the people of the State of New
Jersey' Did the honorable gentleman admit that
that memorial expressed the sentiments of the peo-
ple of thatState' it was presented here as coming
from the people of the State of New Jersey in con-
vention, as coming from a political party. And
how was it with regaid to the memorial now be-
fore us ! They tell you that they were obeying
the voice of the people of Pennsylvania. [Here
Mr. P. read a passage from the published proceed-
ings ] Here the impression was made on Con-
gress, and the people of the United States, that the
whole people of the State of Pennsylvania had uni
ted togethei, and appointed delegates to assemble
together and consider the grievances unde- which
they labored. Now, Mr P. would not say that this
was intended, because it was false; and he would
not attribute to those gentlemen a desire to make
a false impression. But how was the fact ' The
statement of the memorial supposed all the people
of the State to be buffering alike They called
¡ themselves a "convention of delegates fiom the
| citizens of Pennsylvania opposed to Executive
usurpation " It was a party convention, aseem-
| bled for the purpose of can ymg out the sentiment
| of the gentleman from Massachusetts—to effect a
change in the public agents. And what was it
worth' As the voice of Pennsylvania, it was
worth nothing—absolutely nothing. It was woi th
nothing except so far as the facts stated were true,
and the deductions from them were logical.
Mr. P. begged leave to call attention to some of
the  sentiments  in  this   memonal     "Nay,  the
' very delegates of the people of the United States
' instructed to bear the President a statement of
' their grievances, have either  been refused ad-
' mission into the pala-e of their Caisar, or, when
'admitted, have been denied the opportunity of
' making known their views "   And, therefore,
they had applied directly to the Legislature, as
they were denied access to the Piesidentof the
United States     When' where' how'   Mr   F
said he had yet to learn that any citizens had united
and sent a memorial to the President of the United
| States.    He knewvciy well that some individuals
came here and presented a memorial to Congress,
and called on the President, not by the authority
or on the lequisition of those who sent them, but
meiely of their own will and pleasure     Well,
they had a conversation with the President, and
went back and reported it to the people of Phila-
delphia, the memorialists, and said they had com-
l plied with their duty, and, out of uspect to the
| President, they called on him to tell him what
| they knew of the disti esses of the country   They
| were individuals who went of their own free will
■ to make representations to the President.    It was
' so with all the rest, and the reports they made of
i conversations held with him were not true, and
greatmjustioehadbeen done the President by their
representa'ions.    When the committee called on
the President, who were said to have been denied
access to him, what did he say'   Gentlemen, as
delegates, as representatives of others, I cannot
receive you     False statements have been madeby
others under similar circumstances, of my conver-
sations with them    As gentlemen, as citizens, I
will receive you with pleasure; and if you have
anything to say from those you represent, I will
receive it in writing, and answer it fully and re-
spectfully     A nd this was the whole foundation of
the íemaiks of these honorable gentlemen of the
convention at Hainsburg     Suppose these hon
orable persons were to apply to us to be heard
at the bar of the Senate in person, to represent
the distress under which they were suffering, and
to give us their views of the Constitution and laws
of the country   They would be lefused.   But we
should say to them, our doors are open to your
memouals in writing And they would then go
back to Harrisburg, and say the Senate and House
of Representatives have refused to hear our rep-
resentations of your distress, and have turned us
away-from their doors. Was there any man here
who would not be shocked at such a proceeding;
who would not be startled at the audacity of those
who would go back to those who sent them,
making such íepresentations of their reception'
And yet here was the very case, only reversing the
persons. They report that the President refuses
to hear their memorials, because they were not in
wilting.
The object of these individuals was very intel-
ligible, and a part of it, undoubtedly, was to remove
the disti ess, and effect a change of the public coun-
cils in the process     The State of Pennsylvania
was a most important power in the operation. She
' was generally very decided in her acts, and what
she did would tell.   He trusted in God that the
State of Pennsylvania would do its duty; he was
sure the people of that State would do what they
thought was light, and he trusted they would do
what was best.   Should he anticipate what that
would be'   He thought he could see the light
ahead, and that the result would be favorable to
the condition of public affairs as administered on
the punciples which had been heietofore approved
by the people of Pennsylvania     It was very true
that it was an importaut question—one of great
magnitude    It was a battle between the Bank of
the United States, the House of Representatives,
¡ the Senate, and the President of the United States,
i and it was for thegood people of Pennsvlvamaand
I others to decide between us.    But (Ml. F. said)
[ he thought he saw in Pennsylvania indication of
the real state of public opinion.   The oomion, as
1 it regarded the recharterof the Bank of the United
States, had changed.    Indications of hostility, not
to be mistaken, against that institution were mani-
fest in Pennsylvania, and he thought the recent
action of the bank, braving public opinion, by
resorting to hollow pretexts to avoid an investiga-
tion of its affaus was not calculated to make it
more popular there.    He could not believe that
the bank would be justified by the people of Penn-
sylvania, when it set up pretensions at variance
with those which it had before supported here.
We had seen the facility of changing ground by
those  who   were supporting the  bank, but  he
thought the people were not so blind as not to see
it.    What a strange spectacle was presented by
the bank'  A complete revolution had taken place
in the United States upon the subject of the in-
stitution.   A half dozen years ago it was thought
the control of the Government was complete over
it    That it possessed power sufficient to detect all
abuses,'to correct any criminality of conduct, and
impurity of purpose, and of laying bare the policy
of its conduct in all branches of its business, as a
means of preventing any excesses of a political or
pecuniary character.    How was it now'    What
power was there which before was admitted to be
retained, which was not now denied, and the jus-
tice of the denial supported and defended by the
bank' Mr F  would tuin attention to a singular
matter, as lllustiative of this position    He alluded
to the lecent attempt to investigate the condition
of the bank    This was resisted on two grounds
First, that no committee had a right to inspect the
conduct of the bank, but with a view to the issuing
of a scaefucias, and that it had a right to the pie-
cise chaige on which the scire facias was to be
founded    Or, in other words, that they were to be
approached with a bill of indictment, containing
a precise specifi* charge     And a long argument
had been entered into by a part of the committee
in defence of this position.    It assumed that the
bank had no right to refuse to submit to an inves-
tigation, unless a distinct specification of abuses
charged was made out.    But a few days before
these were the views held by a portion  of that
committee-
"Whereas this committee is now organized,
and the directors of the bank have made known
that they are prepared to submit their books for
inspection.
" 3 Resolved, That the committee take into con-
sideration the several subjects referred to them,
and that they proceed to inspect the books and
examine the proceedings of the bank, as authorized
