428                                   THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.          ___________June5,
horse. Now, it cannot but be obvious to every
one, that the Josses, under these circumstances,
must have been very many, and without the slight-
est fault or negligence on the part of any one, and
to make proof ot the actual death wholly without
the range of possibility. Where the loss happened
in battle, it is not even in all cases possible to
adduce such proof as is required under the rules
adopted in the examination and allowance of these
claims. Cases are in existence, and such have
been presented and disallowed, where the owner
or rider was killed in battle, hi3 horse wholly lost
and never afterwards hea'rd'of; but no proof is or
can be had of the actual death of the horse. Yet
the injury is as great, and the justness of the claim
no less than if such proof was at hand and actually
made. Under the construction, as given by the
officer charged with the administration of the law
of last session, not one case in twenty of losses
■will be paid forjudging from the few which have
been allowed, and the many which have been re-
jected. Why, sir, in many cases where horses
have been found, since the termination of the cam-
paign, they have been claimed for the United States,
and taken and disposed of as such, and the owner
unable, under any law now in force, to get his just
due. Í hope the necessity of such a law as the
one under consideration, with these explanations,
and the report accompanying the bill, will be so
apparent to all as to secure its speedy passage.
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, the bill was laid
upon the taole, and made the special order of the
day for Friday week.
, The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives, giving the right of way over property
belonging to the United States, at Harper s Ferry,
to the Winchester and Potomac Railroad Com-
pany, was read twice, and referred, on motion of
Mr. CHAMBERS, to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
The resolution to print and circulate, under the
direction of the Joint Library Committee, the
diplomatic correspondence between the years 1783
and 1789, was read twice,and referred, on motion
of Mr. ROBBINS, to the Library Committee.
The bill authorizing the sale of public lots in
the town of St. Marks, by the register of the land
eflice at Tallahassee, Florida, was read twice, and
Inferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. PRESTON, the Senate pro-
eceded to the consideration of the following reso-
lution, submitted by him some days ago:
Resolved, Th^t the Secretary of War report to
the Seriate a statement showing the names of the
several pensioners who are now, or may have been
heretofoie, placed on the pension roll, designating
their rank, annual allowance, the sums which they
have severally received, the laws under which
their pensions have been granted, the date when
placed upon the roll,their ages,and the Statesand
counties in which they severally reside. Also, the
names of the pension agents who have received
compensation, as such, and the amount of such
compensation, and the act under which it was
allowed, ihe names of the clerks who are and have
been employed in the Pension Office, and the sums
paid them as compensation, with an aggregate
statement of the whole sum disbursed on account
of pensions.
Mr. FORSYTH remarked that he bad made
some inquiry at the War Department, on the sub-
ject of this resolution, and was informed that it
could not be answered during the present session.
By the nexteession itcould be done, byan expen-
diture of some $1,000 or §1,500. By a calculation
of the number of pensioners on the roll, it would
be seen that it could not be answered at the pres-
ent session. And he thought that the purpose of
the honorable gentleman in desiring the informa-
tion, was in effect accomplished, inasmuch as no
person could be placed on the pension list under
the late law, but by going into the county where
he resided, and first announcing his claim there.
The necessary expense of the printing would be
too great for the advantages which were expected
to be derived from it. He thought itcould not be
less than six or seven thousand dollars. He would
have no objection to this, if it would result in any-
thing good; and to avoid this expense in the first
instance, he suggested the reference of the resolu-
tion to a Committee to inquire into the subject.
Mr. PRESTON said, he knew no better mode
of ascertaining whathe wished to-arrive at, and he
thought the expense over-estimated. He thought
the whole expense would not cost over $4,000 for
printing 10,000 copies. He therefore adhered tot
his original proposition.
After some furtherconversation between Messrs.
BELL, EWING, FORSYTH, and PRESTON,
Mr. FORSYTH moved to refer the subject to
the Judiciary Committee; which was negatived, on
a division, 17 to 18.
And the resolution was then agreed to.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The bill establishing the northern boundary line
of the State of Ohio was taken up.
Mr. POiNDEXTER moved that the bill be laid
upon the table, and made the special order of the
day for Thursday next. This motion having been
withdrawn—
Mr. CLAYTON, who reported the bill, rose in
explanation of its details.
Mr. EWING spoke at length in favor of the bill.
Mr. TIPTON followed in opposition, and con-
cluded his remarks by moving its indefinite post-
ponement.
Mr. LEIGH argued at considerable length
against the postponement, and in favor of the bill,
contending that it was a question of political ex-
pediency, that this matter should be settled in
favor ot the State of Ohio. .
Some further conversation occurred between
Messrs. TIPTON, LEIGH, and CLAYTON,
when the question was taken by yeas and nays,
and decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.'Benton, Black,Brown, Grun-
dy, Hill, King of Alabama, McKean, Swift, Tip-
ton—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell,Bibb,Calhoun,Chambers,
Clay, Clayton, Ewing,Frelinghuysen, Hendricks,
Kane, Kent,Knight,Leigh, Linn, Mangum, Mor-
ris, JNaudain, Poindexter, Porter, Prentiss, Rob-
bins,Robinson .Shepley .Smith, Southard .Sprague,
Tomlinson, Waggaman, Webster, White—30.
So the Senate refused to indefinitely postpone
the bill.
Mr. TIPTON then offered an amendment,
changing the boundary line between Ohio and
Michigan; which was negatived.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. BIBB, from the Select Committee to whom
was referred the resolutions relative to altering the
Constitution in the manner of choosing the Presi-
dent and Vice President, made a report, being a
| substitute for the resolutions; which was ordered
] to be printed.
!    The following bills were considered in Commit-
| tee of the Whole, reported to the Senate, and
, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading:
|     A bill for the relief of the owners and crew of
; the late privateer Roger, Roger duarles, master;
|     A bill for the relief of John Percival, master
¡ commandant in the United States Navy;
i     A bill further to extend the term of certain pen-
j sions chargeable on the privateer pension fund ¡and
I     A bill supplementary to the act authorizing the
: Territory of Florida to open canals between Chi-
; pola river and St. Andrew's bay, and from Matan-
zas to Halifax river, in said Territory, approved
March 2:1, 1832.
¡     Mr. TIPTON moved to take up the bill, to en-
able the peopleof the eastern division of the Terri-
: tory of Michigan to form a constitution and State,
government, and for the admission of such State'
into the Union on an equal footing with the origi-
i nal States, and for other purposes.
\    Mr- T. subsequently withdrew the motion, and
moved that the Senate adjourn.   Lost: 17 to 17—
the Chair (Mr. King, of Alabama) voting in the
negative.
|    The bill to amend the several laws respecting
the Post Office Department, was, on motion of
: Mr. GRUNDY, laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. SHEPLEY,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 5, 1834.
Mr. E. EVERETT, asked the consent of the
House to read the third time the joint resolution
providing for distributing the Diplomatic Corre-
spondence from 1783 to 1783; which was agreed to.
The resolution was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. CHINN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill for regulating the
rates of toll for crossing the Eastern Branch bridge;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill granting to Henry M.
Shreve the right of preemption to eighteen sections
of land lying on Red river, in the State of Louisi-
ana; read twice and committed.
Mr. DUNCAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill granting a quantity of pub-
lic land in the State of Illinois, to assist in the con-
struction of a roaS from a point on Wabash river,
oppositeto Vincennes, toChicago; which was read
twice and committed.
Mr. McKENNAN.from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported a bill for the relief
of the heirs and legal representatives of Bailey E.
Clarke; which was read twice, and committed.    -
Mr. J. HALL, from the Committee on the Ex-
penditures of the Navy Department, made a re-
port. Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LEAVITT, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill granting the right of pre-
emption of certain lots of public lands in the town
of Perrysburg, in the State of Ohio; which was
read twice and committed.
Mr. J. ADAMS, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for increasing the pension
of Origen Eaton.    Read twice and committed.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, of Florida, the
House, by consent, took up the bill authorizing
j the President to direct the sale of certain public
lots in the town of St. Marks; which was read a
third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. McKIM, the House took up
the joint resolution granting the right of way to
the Winchester and Potomac Railroad Company
at Harper's Ferry.    Read a third time and passed.
The House then proceeded to the special order,
being the.
BILLS CONCERNING THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. WILLIAMS moved the House go into
committee upon the bills embraced in the special
order; which was agreed to, Mr. Wayne in the
chair.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, the bill re-
pealing certain acts of the Legislative Council of
Florida, was taken up.
The bill and report having been read—
Mr. WHITE, of Florida, moved an amend-
ment providing for the election of two additional
members of council; which was agreed to.
After an inquiry by Mr. FILLMORE, and a
reply from Mr. WHITE, on motion of the latter
gentleman, the 3d section of the bill providing
that the amount of the taxes illegally assessed, be
refunded from the Treasury of the United States,
was stricken ou,t.
The bill was then laid aside.
The bill increasing the salaries of judges of the
United States for the Territories of Michigan,
Arkansas, and Florida, was then read.
Mr. WHITE moved an amendment limiting
the increased allowance to those judges of Florida
who do not receive extra allowance for deciding
land claims under the treaty with Spain.
Mr. McKAY moved to include Arkansas in the
amendment; which was agreed to.
The amendment was then adopted, and the bill
laid aside.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the bill to establish
an additional land office in Arkansas, was taken
up and read.
After an amendment relative to the boundaries
of the district, moved by Mr. SEVIER, was
adopted, and some explanation by Messrs. Mc-
KAY, CLAY, and MASON, the bill was laid
aside.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, the bill for the re-
lief of certain inhabitants of East Florida, was
taken up and read.
Mr. McKAY inquired what was the amount of
the claims provided for by this bill?
Mr. WHITE said they would not exceed
#40,000.
Mr. WILLIAMS called for the reading of the
report of the committee, relative to these claims.
Mr. WHITE said he could explain theseclaims
in less time than the reading of the report would
