THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED   AND   PUBLISHED   AT   THE    CITY   OF   WASHINGTON,    BY   BLAIR   &   RIVES*
23d Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JUNE 14, 1831.
Vol. 1....NO. 28.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 7, 1834.
A communication was received from the Treas-
ury Department, transmitting a report from the
commissioners under the treaty concluded by the
Hon. William C. Rives, late Minister to Prance;
which was ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
BILLS.
"The following bills were read * third time and
passed:
A bill for the relief of Aaron Bellamy;
A bill for the relief of Hannah Stone; and
A bill to increase and regulate the pay of the
surgeons and assistant surgeons of the Army.
The following bills were considered in Commit-
tee of the Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading:
A bill for the relief of Francis Barnes;
A bill for the relief of Lucy Loomis;
A bill for the relief of the heirs or legal repre-
sentatives of Dr. John Berrien, deceased;
A bill for the relief of General James Taylor,
late quartermaster general and district paymaster,
of the Army of the United States;
A bill for the relief of the widow and children
of George Ludlum, deceased;
A bill providing for the final settlement of the
claims of States for interest on advances to the
United States during the last war.
[Upon ordering this bill to be engrossed the yeas
and nays were ordered, and are as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Chambers, Clay, Clay-
ton, Ewing, Frelinghuysen, Hendricks, Kent,
Knight, Leigh, McKean, Naudain, Porter, Pres-
ton, Robbins, Shepley, Silsbee, Smith, Sprague,
Toml:nson, Webster, and Wilkins—22.
N A YS—Messrs. Benton, Bibb, Black, Calhoun,
Grundy, Hill, King of Alabama, King of Georgia,
Mangum, Moore, Morris, Preston, Robinson,
Tallmadge, Tipton, White, and Wright—-17.]
A bill for the relief of Andrew Armstrong;
A bill to remunerate Stephen C. Phillips for the
support and transportation of shipwrecked Amer-
ican seamen; and
A bill for the relief of Aaron Fitzgerald.
The following bills were laid upon the table:
A bill for the relief of Thomas J. Mortee;
A bill for the relief of Oliver M. Spencer; and
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Alexander
Boyd, deceased.
0,i motion of Mr. CALHOUN,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 7, 1834.
The following resolution, heretofore offered by
Mr. Bull, was adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to inform the House what part, if any, of the
sum of thirty-nine thousand one hundred dollars
was expended in the year 1832, in improving the
navigation of the Missouri river, and that 0? the
Mississippi above the mouth of the Ohio river.
The following resolution, heretofore offered by
Mr. J. &  Adams, was then taken up:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to lay before this House the names of the
presidents, cashiers, directors, and stockholders,
lawyers, and solicitors, ofail the banks selected by
him as depositories of the public moneys, in the
place of the Bank of the United States and its
branches, together with the amount and stock in
eaid banks, held by each stockholder, and the
amount of debt due by each president, cashier, and
director, of each of the banks, to said bank at the
time when it was selected as a depository, and at
this time.
Mr. CAMBRELENG suggested the propriety
of modifying the resolution so as to call' for in-
formation as to the aggregate amount due from
the officers of each institution, without a detailed
statement of the debts due from each individual,
28
which he thpught,would not promote the public
object professed by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. ADA MS declined making the modification.
In many banks the directors had not, in point of
fact, a dollar of interest. Shares stand in their
names, but they owe the institution the full
amount. He wished to ascertain the actual state
of these banks, and how their officers stand con-
nected with them in point of interest.
Mr. STEWART moved to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out the names of the lawyers and
solicitors of these banks. No public object could
be promoted by this information. Another rea-
son why he wished this part of the resolution to
be struck out was, he was not apprized of the
manner in which the Secretary was to be informed
of the names of every person who might be em- I
ployed by these institutions.
Mr. POLK did not perceive the pfecise object
of the information requested by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams.] That gentle-
man had in view, no doubt, a public object. In
order to act with perfect fairness in the matter,
similar information should be obtained relative to
the Bank of the United States. He did not care
how far examination was made into the condition
of the local banks who were depositories of the
public money, if information was obtained pari
passu from the Bank of the United States. While
the proposition of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Stewart] was pending, it would not be
in order to move the following amendment, which
he would send to the Chair, and wished it might
be read. He should move it as soon as the prop-
osition before the House was disposed of:
" And that he also communicate to this House
' the amount of debts due by the president, cashier,
1 and directors of the Bank of the United States, at
' this time, or at any time within one year last past;
'and, also, the names of the lawyers and solicitors
' of the Bank of the United States and branches,
' and the amount of debt due by each to said bank
' at this time, and at any time within one year last
'past."
Mr. COULTER felt no great solicitude as to
the amendment proposed by his colleague, [Mr.
Stewart,] but should not vote in its favor. /These
State banks had been made fiscal agents, and,
being such, should communicate their condition to
the proper authority as well as the manner of their
management. If this information was not in the
po ¿ver of the Secretary, it ought to bein his power,
as he had made them the agents of the Govern-
ment. He should regret theadoption of the amend-
ment suggested by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Polk,] as the question was now before the
House in another shape.
Mr. EWING said the object of the modification
suggested by himself relative to the lawyers and
solicitors, which had been accepted by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] was to
obtain the names of the individuals who had been
bribed to cry down a sound currency, and to pro-
mote one of mere rags. When illustrious names
are attacked with regard to their connexion with
the Bank of the United States, he was anxious to
see who were connected with institutions which
had been miscalled State banks.
Mr. MILLER trusted the House would adopt
the resolution in the shape in which it was pre-
sented. He had been glad to percewe that no
friend of the Administration had opposed its adop-
tion. He should vote for obtaining this informa-
tion relative to the State banks; and he hoped the
friends of the Bank of the United States would not
object to obtaining the same information relative to
that institution; he therefore hoped that neither the
original resolution, nor the amendment proposed
I by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Polk,]
would meet with opposition.
Mr. GILLET said he hoped the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, to strikeout so
much of the resolution as related to lawyers, soli-
citors, &c, would not prevail.   He wished that
part retained; and hoped to see the proposition of
his friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Polk,] which ex-
tended the inquiry to the United States Bank, as
well as the deposite banks, adopted. It would be
recollected that there was on the Speaker's table
a proposition to restore the public deposites to the
Bank of the United States; and before this House
could act understanding^ upon that proposition,
it ought to be in possession of the information
sought for by the proposed amendment. This
amendment required the same information of the
United States Bank, as the mover of the resolution
desires of the deposite banks. He understood it
to be conceded, if the information asked for by
this resolution should be withheld or denied, or if
the facts disclosed should show the public moneys
to be in unsafe depositories, that then other depos-
itories should be selected. It seemed to him to
be equally important to ascertain the same facta
in relation to the United States Bank, before we
placed the public "money in that institution. The
vote on the deposite question might be materially
influenced by the information asked for. He could
not vote to change the deposites from banks that
invite scrutiny, to one that should avoid it, or re-
fuse to give ua all the information desired. He
desired a!/the facts in relation to the real condition
of both the deposite banks and the United States
Bank. If either used its funds to aid politicians,
and to promote the interestof party, he wished to
know it, that the seal of reprobation might be
affixed upon it.
, Mr. G. said, we had once called for information
I as to these deposite banks, and our call had been
promptly and fully responded to. He believed it
would be so in this instance. We ask the same
information of the United States Bank. The
question is distinctly put to the friends of that
bank, will you give us the same information in
relation to it that you. ask of the deposite banks?
He desired the same information from both. We
have an equal right to ask of both, and it was our
duty to obtain it of both, before we acted on the
question of restoration. The reason for desiring
the information is equally strong in both cases.
We have large sams of money in both, and both
are named as the future depository of the public
treasure.
Mr. G. said, the friends of the United States
Bank had affirmed that the concerns of that insti-
tution had been managed with great ability and
integrity, and that all its transactions were above
reproach ;and they had expressed the contrary opin-
ion of the deposite banks. On the other hand, the
friends of the deposite banks had made equally
confidentassertionsagainsttheUnited States Bank,
and in favor of the selected banks, and had in-
vited the severest scrutiny into their affairs. Here
were issues fairly and distinctly made up, and he
hoped both would be tried at the same time, and
by the same ordeal. Should either refuse the in-
formation sought, he should take that refusal as
evidence against the bank so refusing. He should
esteem every such bank unworthy of public con-
fidence.
Have we not quite as much reason for desiring
information of the United States Bank as the others?
The selected banks had responded to all our calls.
Has the United States bank done so ?
Mr. G. said, members would bear in mind that
the deposites had been removed on charges against
the bank of interfering in political affairs, and
corrupting the press,.&c.    And how stands the
ease as to those charges ?   This House, by a vote
I of 174 to 41, had sent a committee to Philadel-
1 phia to investigate the truth  of these charges.
i And what had been the result? .The committee
j had returned and  reported to us that they had
not been permitted to examine the books of the
i bank; that the officers of the bank refused to tes-
tify; and that they were refused all information
j sought by the resolutions of this House appoint-
ing the committee,    Mr. G. inquired, are we to
'. go on blindly, under such circumstances", a*nd give
1 that institution the custody of the public treasure?
