486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June  10,
pend the uile on the motion of the gentleman from
Tennessee.
The House proceeded to consider the memor'al
of sundiy ei'iz'ms of the county of Gloucester, in
the State of Vnginia, protesting against the re-
moval of the deposites, together with the follow-
ing resolutions, submitted by Mr. WISE:
Resolvía, That the custody and control of the
moneys of the United States, not appropriated by
law, and not disbursed under appioprmtions by
law, aie, by the Constitution, placed under the
order and direction of the Congress of the United
States, which order and dnection must be made by
law in the form of bills 01 joint orders, votes or
resolutions, upon which the President of the Uni-
ted States has simply the power of a negative,
subject to a vote of two-thirds of each House of
Congress
Resohed, That no change of the Constitution of
the United States is necessary to authorize the
Congress of the United States to mtiust the cus-
tody of the public money, not ¿.ppropnt-ted by
law, and not disbursed under app'opnations by
law, whenever or nowsoever obtained, to other
agency than that of the Executive Depaitment,
and that the custoJy of the public money must not
be necessaiiiy, under the Constitution, ín'iusted
to the Exeeufve Department.
Resohed, That Congre"! can take out of the
hands of the Executive Department the custody
of the public pioperty or mon«y, without an as-
sumption of Executive power, or a subversion of
the first principles of the Conotittition.
And that said committee be fuither instructed to
report such measures as it may deem necessaiy
and pioper to providefoi the future safe-keeping,
control, and disposition of the public property and
moneys, and to assert, maintain, and ptctectthe
constitutional powers of Congress over the public
property and public purse
Mr. WISE proceeded ¡o address the House for
about two houis and a half upon the general pnn-
ciples asserted in the íesolutions. When he had
concluded—
Mr. PEYTON replied atlength to several of the
positions talten by Mr. Wise in his speech, and
concluded by moving the amendment heietofore
offered by him, as follows.
llesohed, That the President of the United States,
in the late executive pioceedmgs in íelation to the
public revenue, has not assumed " upon himself
authority and power not conferred by the Consti-
tution and laws," but that he has acted id con-
formity to Loth.
Resolved, That the Senate of the United States,
in a late resolution passed by that body, in the
words following to wit: " Resol, ed, ifiat the
'Pies'dent in the late executive pioceedmgs in
' relation to the public levenue, has assumed upon
" himself authonty and power notconfened bythe
' Constitution and laws, but in deiogation of both''
—have, by that i esolution, adopted, not with a \ lew
to legislative action, but as a solemn censure upon
the Piesident, infringed upon the uglitful and le-
gitimate powers and prerogatives of the House of
Rep. esentatives.
Iltsolved, That Congress has t'.e power, by law,
to select the places of depositing ¡he public monev,
and providing for its sale-keeping.
Mr. MILLER moved to ¡ay the whole subject
on the table.
Mr. Vv'I-E moied a call of the House, which
wai oidered.
After the call had been so.re time proceeded
n—
Mr. E. WHITTLESEY moved a suspension of
the call; upon whiei
Mr. CLAY aoked the yeas and nays; which
were ordeied.
Mr. E. WHITTLESEY withdrew his motion
to suspend the call.
The Clerk then proceeded a second time to call
the i'affie, of the absentees.
Mr. WiLDE moved a suspension of the call,
upon v.iiieh the yeas and nays were oi-deicd.
Ail. V7 sa,d, as I.13 object was to save the time
of the House, and not to waste it, he would witn-
draw the notion.
The ta'l was again pioceeded ¡n.
Mi. MANx\T, of Pennsylvania, noved to sus-
pend tne call, upon which the yeas and nays were
ordered.
Mr. M. withdrew the motion, and the call was
proceeded in.
Mr. WILDE renewed the motion to suspend
the call; upon whicdi,
Mr. MANN, of New York, demanded the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
The question being taken, it was determined in
the affirmative—yeas 117, nays 63.
So the call of the House was suspended.
Mr. BEARDSLEY meed that the House do
now adjourn; upon which the yeas and nays were
ordered.
The motion was lost—yeas 79, nays 115.
The question being on Mi, Miller's motion to
lay the resolution, with the amendment, on the
table, it was taken by yeas and nays,and determ-
ined in the affirmative—yeas 105, nays 97
On motion of Mr. WHITE, of New York,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE
TxjLsr>\Y, Jane 10, 1S3 Í.
Mr SOUTHARD presented a memoiial fiom
inhabitants of Hunterdon county, New Jersey, in
favor of a jeatoraüon of the deposites to the Bank
of the United States, and the recharter of that cor-
poration
Mr. WEBSTER presented a memorial from
Mercer county, Pennsylvania, of similar import;
both of which were referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BL-VCK piesented a memorial from the
members of the Mississippi bai, piaymg that the
district courtof íheUmteü States may beiemoved
from Natchtz to Jackson, which was refened to
the Committee on the Judicial y.
Mr. S1LSBEE, from the Committee on Com-
meice, reported a bill extending the hmits, as a
poit of entry, of the Northern Liberties of Phila-
delphia; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. EWING presented amemouai from the
county ot Hamilton, Ohio, stating that the Senate,
agreeably to the Constitution, possessed appoint-
ing poweis as well as the Executive. The me-
morial was ordered to be printed, and laid on the
table.
Mi. BIBB, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported aguniot the resolution foriemovmg
the Onued States court from Natchez to Jackson,
Mississippi; which was laid upon the table.
Mr BIBB, from the same committee, made an
unfavorable íepoit upon the petition of Silence
Elliott; which was agieed to.
Also an unfavorable íeport in the case of New-
ton Hayes,assignee, piaying scrip for land.
Also, a similai íeport in the caseof Nicholson,
executoi of Abner L. Durcan.
Anda like report upon the petition of the repre-
sentatives of John Donnell.
Mr. BIBB, iiom the same committee, reported
a bill 1,1 favor of James and Samuel Smith; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Military
Allaire, asked to be dischaiged from the further
consideration of the memorials of officers of the
army asking compensation of land for serv.ces
tendered during the late war; w'hich was agreed
to.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, asked to be discharged from the resolution
of Mi. W right, compensating Mr. Poticr, who
wa3 returned a member of the Senate by the Leg,s-
lature of Rhode Island, but refused a seat. The
committee were discharged.
Mr. WRIGHT offered the following 1 esolution:
Whereas the Hon. Elisha R. Potter did, at the
commencement of the present session of Congress,
cause to be laid before the Senate a commission
fiom the Governor of the State of Rhode island,
duly authenticated, and constituung the regular
prima jacie evidence to enable him to a seat in the
¡senate; and whereas tne contest for tne seat ob-
tameu by Mi. Potter was not untilv deemed by
the Semite until tne 27th of May, now last past,
when the said sea was awaided to the Hon. Asher
P„obl>ins:                                                                    " I
Therefore, lle.oherl, That the said Elisha R.
Potter is e    iJed to the compensate" of mileage
allowed by law to rr.embera of Congress, for hts
travel fiom his place of residence, in the State of i
Rhode Islandj to the capita!, and returning, and >
also to the per diem allowance of a member of
Congress foi the time he actually attended at the
city of Washington during the contest pending
before the Senate, in relation to the seat claimed
by him and occupied by the Hon. Mr. Robbms.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Claims,
asked to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petition of Archibald W.Hamilton;
whicn was agreed to.
Mr. CHAMBERS, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, rcpoited a. bill for the relief
of Georgetown and Alexandria, giving each of
those cities $15,000 annually, tor three years;
which was read twice.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, íeported a hill granting the
light of way to the Winchester and Potomac
Railroad Company through the public property at
Harper's Ferry.    Read twice.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Noah
Miller.
Mr. ROBBINS, from the Committee on the
Library, i-eported a bill providing for the erection
of the statue of Jefferson, presented to his counti y-
men by Lieutenant Levy, of the Navy, in the
public square, east of the Capitol.
The bill for the relief of Oliver M. Spencer
being under consideration, a debate of some length
ensued.
The principle 111 this bill was to refund a sum
of money paid by Oliver M. Spencer for a tract of
land bought of the Government, which fell short
of the quantity about fifty acres; the survey bythe
Government officer being admitted to have been
erroneous.
The bill was opposed on the ground that the
rule of caveat emptor should apply in full force;
and that to relax the rule would open the door to
endless applications of disappointed purchasers for
redress.
On the other cide, the bill was supported on the
ground that the injury done to Spencer was en-
i tirely the íesult of mistake on the part of the officer
j of Government, and the person having purchased
and paid his money on the representation of the
I Government, and the deficiency not being at the
I time known, eveiy principle of law and equity
¡ required that he should be refunded the excess oí
purchase money.
Messrs. POII, DEXTER, MOORE, and PREN-
TISS, spoke in favor of the bill, and Messis.
BLACK, FORSYTH, BIBB, CLAY, EWING,
KING, of Alabama, PRESTON, and CHAM-
BERS, in opposition to the bill.
After some immaterial amendments, the ques-
t,on being on the engrossment of-the bill for a
third reading—
Mr. MOORE asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and are as follows, to wit:
YEAS—Messis. Benton, Clayto , Ewmg, Fre-
hr.ghuysen, Giundy, Henducks, Kane, King of
Alabama, Knight, Linn, Moore, Poindexter, Pien-
tiss,Robinson,Southard,Tyler, Waggaman—17
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Bibb, Black, Brown,
Calhoun, Chambers, Clay, Forsyth, Hill, King of
Georgia, Leigh, Mangum, Morris, Naudam, Pres-
ton, Robbms, Shepley, Smith, Sorague, Swift,
Tallmadge, Tipton, Tomhnson, White, Wilkms
—2 
So the question was determined in the negative,
and the bill was rejected.
The special oiders being postponed, the Senate
resumed the consideiation of the motion made
yesterday by Mi. SOUTHARD, to print Unity
thousand extra eop.es of the leports of the Post
Office Committee.
Me^rs SOUTHARD,EWING,CLAYTON,
and-WEBSTER, spoke at length in support of
the motion and the report of the majority of the
committee, who were followed by
Mr. GRUNDY, chairman of the committee, m
support of the views of the minority, expiessing
his will.ngness to vote for six thousand extia
copies of the reports, that being the highest num-
bei pf any other íeport foi which he had voted."
And the pin,ting of thirty thousand extra copies
he thought use'ess and extravagant
_ Mr. FORSYTH rejoined in opposition to print-
ing so large and useless a number, which he esti-
mated would cost $17,500. Mr. F. did not justify
the borrowing of money by the department with-
