1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
437
out authority of law, but contended that it was !
not without precedent in the history of the Gove-n- ,
nient   That two instances of thesortHad occuned,
which made two Presidents of the United States,
lleulluded to a sum of |}2o0,000 bonowed by Mr.
Monroe, when Secretaiy ot War, on the respon-
sib lay of that department, and reiirtted it to Gen
eral Jackson at New Orlesrs, at that important   '
cue's which   resulted  in   the vie* "i-y of New Or-   !
leal s     lie contended, however, that in both 1.1-
s'ances, the loans were for the use «f the respective
dt.,ia' tments—but that a íeportof the sums bor-  !
rowed should have been trade to Congress.
Defoie any question was taien on the motion to  j
pi ¡nt—
O i motion of Mr PP.ESTON, at five o'clock,
Xi.e Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENT <YTPTES.
Tuesday, June JO, 1834.
11 e '"o'lowmg iesolu>;on,o<Fe ed by Mr  GAR- ii
LAND, by consent, was adopted.                            '
Rtsolied, That the Committee on the Post Ofíce
and Post Roads be mstiucted to lnq^ne into the I
expediency of establishing a post route from Ope- ..
lousas, in the State of Louisiana, by the Bayou !
Rouge, and the Atchafalaya, to connect with the |j
principal mail route from New Oi leans to Natchtz, |
at such point as raa^ be deemed most convenient
by the Postmaster General.                                       I
Toe following resolution, also presen ed by Mr. Í
G \ RLAND. was adopted ■
Reiohed, '1 hat the Committee on Commeicebe
d leued to i iquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation foi the purpose of leplacmg lhe
buoys that were placed on the coast of Louisiana,
to ivar't out the cnannel from the v,cinity of the
light house on Point au Fei into Atchafalaya bay,
which have been sunk or dtstioyed                          |
ADJOTjR\PrENT OT CONGRESS.               '
Mr    HUBBARD  moved  that the resolution
fW'ng the day ot adjournment, set.rned   by the I
¡S nate, wi'h an amendment, be taken up
Mi   WILDE objected
* Mr  HUBBARD moved the suspension of the
rules for the puipose.
Mi. SPEIGHT suggested that there was no
necessity for suspending the lules, as the resolu-
tion wonid soon come up in cder
Mr HUBBAPiD persisted in his notion, which
was agreed to
The amende,ent of the Sena'e, winch was sub-
stituting the woid " instant," instead of'1 rex',"
in connexion with the 30ih of Jure, the day des-
ignated as that on which lhe two louses snoi Id
adj jurn, was then concuiied in without a dm ,
si m
Mr ASHLEY mo\ed that the Committee of
the Whole bed scharged from the consideia'ion of
the bill to establ'sh an additnnal land office in
Missouri, and that it be bioujht into the House,
which was agreed to.                     ■
Mr JlcINTIRC/rom'heComnt'e-orClaims.
reported a bill for the relief of Dime! Homars,
winch was read twi"e and commi ted                        j
Mr. POLK, fiom the Committee of Ways and
Means, teported a bill from the S  ate far the re-
lief of the Roman Catholic Ciurch a' St Louis,
Missouri, with a re^omrnendauon that the same
be rejected. The oill wt-s referred ^o the Com-
mittee of tne Wl ole
Mi   C  P WHITE, <Vom the Committee on
Nevdl Affairs, leporied a bill to provide for the I
construction of three steam ba'teues, which vvao I
read mice and   < «roitted                                           j
Mr. PARKER, fi ■•¡n fie s-Tie cemm Hee, re-
ported a bill establish!"^ ti e rahon for th« Navy,
v hich was read tw«ce an 1 co~m tted
Mi MERCER, from the Committee on Reds
and Canals, repone"1 the followng i so'utions-
Itevoh'd, That the Committee of the Whole,
to which was referred the bill authorizing a sub-
scription to the stock of the Chesapealteand Ohio
Canal, be discharged from the furtner considera-
fon thereof, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Resohed, That the lepoit and estimate of the
cost of improving the chute through the Great
rVls of the Ohu , be referred to the Copamittec
on RoeJs and Cana's, and be punted                       I
Mr MERCER obtained permission to lay the
following additional rule on the table:
" When any motion is depending before the
' House, whether of the natui e of an original reso-
' lution, a bill, or an amendment thereof, it shall
' be in Older foi any member entitled to the floor
'to move ' that the deba'e on such motion shall
' cease,' and if this motion be seconded by a ma-
' jonty of the House, it shall be pu  without fur-
' ther debate, and if adopted by the House, the
' motion depending shall be put without further
' delay, provided that a call of the House may be
' moved prior to the anal vote thereon "
Mr HEATH moved to suspend tne ru'es, in
ordei that the joint lesolution authorizing a sub-
scription to Barney'.] Chatt of Bills of Exchange
be taken up
The motion was negatived without a div-ision    I
Mr R M JOHNSON moved tint the bill ex-I
tending the tim  for locuirg  land warrants for
mibtaijr services during the late war be taken up   i
The House having assented, the bill was lead   |
After a verbal amendment, rraue on sugges'ion
of Mr. E WHITTLESEY, the bul was ordered
to be ei grossed
Mr VINTON presented an amendment, pro-
viding foi the suppiepsion of lottery offi es in the
city of Washington, which he proposed to move
when the bill piohibiung the issuing of small
notes within the District shall come up, which he
moved be laid on the table, and printed
KENTUCKY CONTESTED ELECTION.
The ordei of the day bemg the contested elec-
tion, it was then taken up.
The question was upon the amendment moved
by Mr Bamks to the resolution itportel by the
Committee of Elections, as proposed to be amend-
ed by Mr  Pops., as follows
Ucsolicd, That thevolesofA Kavenaugh,Geo
E'liott, jr , Moses Bryant, John Shipmai,,'Shelton
Harris, John Floyd, Jeremiah Anderson, Gamt
Voius.JohnD Stone, M B Moseley, William
Wooley, Cornelius Na' es, James Mootman,
Robert FigJC, John Cornett, and George Catlettr
be stiicken fiom Mi Le'ciiei'si oil, ithavmgbeen
proved that they were minors at the time of the
election.
Jlesohcd, That the votes rf Wm O.umn,john
I McCoy, and William Wnght, who voted mGai-
i rard and Lincoln counties, and of Gieenbury Pey-
ton and William Welsh, who voted in Jecsamine
county, and Elijah Carlton, who voted in Meicer
county, be stricken fiom Mr Letcher's poll, i'
having been proved that they were not citizens of
Kentucky at the time of the election
Resohed, That the vote of Rowland Shields
ought to be counted for Mr Moore on tne Lincoln
poll book, it having been wiongfully stricken off
by the judges of the election
Resolved, That the vo e of John Brady be taken
from Mi Letch ei's poll, and cou lie 1 on that of
Mr Mooie, on the ground that he had, in the
first instance, bona fide, and without mistake,
voted for Mi   Mocre
Mr POPE proposed to modify his amendment
by an ling several names to those whom he pro-
posed, by the amendment, to strike from the poll
of Mr  Letcher
Mi B \NK3, who was entitled to the floor
when this subject was last under consideration,
rep'ied, m detail, to the arejment heretofore made
by Mr  Porr in support of hi- amendment.
Mr P. DICKERSON said ¡VU Speake-, I ■
nuotaslc the indulgence of the House for but a
few minutes, whilst S express my view; of the
subject no v underdi«"ussiori It is now proposed
further to amerd the original .esolution by striking
out o<"the list of voters the names of some persons
who aie a'leged to have been mnoríatihetimeof
the clect.on. 1 shall vote aga.nst this amendment
for the same reasors that 1 have heretofore voted
against all the amendments wmch have been pro-
posed
The object of the p-esent inquiry and discussion
is to ascertain the pe.son entitled to represent the
fifth coi gressional district of Kentucky upon this
floor   The result of that mqan y should be a reso-
! lution   declaring the person entitled to the seat.
I The committee have leported such resolution, de-
| daring tha* Thomas P  Moore is entitled to the
seat.   And I contend that, according to theconect
course of proceeding, and to all precedents, no
proper amendment can be proposed to that resolu-
tion, except to strikeout the name of Mr Moore,
and insert that of Mr Letcher. I, therefore, have
voted against all the amendments which havehith-
eito been pioposed, and shall continue to vote
against all of a similar character that may be here-
aftei proposed.
Befoie I can vote for an amendment to any res-
olution, I must be first satisfied, not only that the
principle contained in the proposed amendment 13
correct, but that it is proper to add it, by way of
amendment, to the original resolution. The term
amendment implies that the proposition pioposed
to be amended is imperfect, eithei ¡n form or sub-
stance It cannot be pretended that the present
resolution is defective in foiin, and if it be wiong
in substance, it is m lespect to the person named
therein,and nototl erwise. I,therefore,insisf that
no sufficient reason can be shown why the several
amendments which have already been adopted, or
that which linow projiosed,should be attached to
the original íesolution reported by the committee
in this case
Permit me to call the attention of the House to
the form which their resolution, with the amend-
ments, will present, when completed according to
tne present plan. The original íesolution declares,
that one of the candidates is entitled to his seat.
i This settles the question fully and definitively, and
concludes the whole subject We shall then have,
by way of amendment, a numbei of propositions
| containing the very matter which should be the
basts of the arguments in support of the original
lesolutions, but which to my view appear entirely
misnlaced when used as amendments to that res-
olnt'on
i As to precedent, I have examined the Journals
of the pioceedirgs of this House, from the form-
I ation of our Government to this time, and 1 believe
¡ that no precedent con be found to justify the pres-
I ent couise of proceeding In similar cases the
reso'utions areaimost all reported,and adopted in
the simplest foim, declaring who is entitled to the
seat.
1 find, however, two cases in which efforts were
made to attach to the resolution some qualification
of a similar character to those now proposed In
the case of the contested election in 1807, between
Wi'liam MeCieery and Joshua Barney of Mary-
land, the Committee of Elections made a report in
these words1
" Resolved, That Willian McCreery, havms the
'greatest number-oj votes, and bang duly qualified,
' agtceably to the Constitution of the United States, is
' entitled to his seat in this House."
The Committee of the Whole House, after
argument, struck out the words, "having the
greatest number of votes, and being duly qual-
ified agreeably to the Constitution of the United
Siates," by a vote of 70 to 37 A motion was
tnen made to insert the words, " by having the
qualifications pi escribed by the laws of Mary-
land," aftei the words William McCreery, but it
was negatived by a vote of 92 to 8, and the resolu-
tion, m its simple form, was adopted by a vote of
88 to 18 In this case, the matter which was pro-
posed by way of amendment, must have been
true, and yet the House decided, and I think cor-
l ectl y, that it should rot form a pal t of the resolu-
tion, nor be inserted by way of amendment to the
san °
A similar course was pursued m the case of
Philip B Key, of Maryland, vvhoee election was
contested by some of his electors in 1808 In that
case the íesolution reported was, "That Philip
B   Key, having the greatest number of votes and
I being qualified agreeably to theCorstitution of the
United States, is entitled to his seat in this House."
The House stiuck out the words "having lliegreat-
est numbei of votes,'' &u , by a vote of 79 to 28,
leaving the resolution in its most simple form,
which wasodopted by avoteofonly57to52 These
two cases show the practice in this House, and I
think establish the true ru'e: that the resolution
in such cases should eXDress only the result of the
investigation, and not the groands or argumenta
which have led to that result These are my views
upon the subject, and such as have governed
my votes upon this occasion. But as it appears
that a majo, lty of tne House are disposed to adopt
a difter-nt course, and m faa to argue this ques-
