488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, i 1,
Hon by taking the ayes and noes, I certainly do
not feel disposed to interfere with their views.
But I would respectfully submit, that a due respect
to former precedents, and to the form of your ies-
olution, would require, that after the House shall
have finished the discussion l>y taking the ayes and
noes upon the several proposed amendments, they
will restore the resolution reported by the com-
mittee to its original'simplicity of form, ei'her by
the operation ot the previous question, or by such
othei course as may better suit the feelings of the
House.
Mr. HARDIN opposed the amendment by a
few remarks.
Mr POPE made a further explanation of his
views in offering the amendment. The House
having, by its former votes, gone behind the doings
of the committee in favor of one party, should give
similar benefit to the other For himself, he was
ouginally opposed to the course But it having
been adopted, the principle ought to be impartially
applied Mi P. went into an explanation relative
to the names contained m his piopositton, by re-
ferring, m detail, to tl e printed testimony Mi P
concluded by modifying his amendment, by stri-
king off three names contained in his amendment,
as originally offered.
Mr. MARSHALL, after some lemarks, moved
to amend the amendment by stukmg off ceitain
names from the poll of Mr. Moore.
Mr MOORE, of Virginia, suggested that the
question had bettei betaken fiist on the proposition
of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Pope ]
After some conversation between Messrs POPE,
HARDIN, MARSHALL, and C. ALLAN, as
to the mode of pioceeding,
Mr. MARSHALL wuhdiew his amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Georgia, made some statements
and explanations relative to the names of voters in
the amendment.
Mr MOORE mentioned certain votes upon
■which he wished the question to be taken sepa-
rately.
Mr SUTHERLAND, after adverting to the late
period of the session, the press of impoitant busi-
ness, and the impossibility of arnvmgatany result
this session, if we went on in this way, strongly
uiged the House to meet the question at once,and
decide, from the facts before them, which of the
claimants is entitled to the seat
Mr. BURGES suggested that if the previous
question was íesorted to, we should have to decide,
without further investigation, whether Mr. Letcher
was elected by a majority ot twelve votes or not
The gentleman from Pennsylvania did not piob-
ably intend to invite the House to vote Mr Letcher
in, and it would be still moie extraoidinary if he
wished them to vote foi Mr Moore
Mr. FOSTER wished, he said, to decide the
question to-day, and he would sit here, vith a
majority of the House, till midrmghtfor that pur-
pose Lit us, said he, appoint two tellers, and take
the question on each individual vote. In this way
we could asceitain who was elected We could
notvoteupon all the names in mass. That would
be to guess at a result
Mr SUTHERLAND made a few remarks in
support of his pievious suggestions.
Mi MARSHALL submitted a substitute for
the pioposition of Mr Pope, including in the sub-
stitute the several names proposed to be excepted
by himself and by his colleague, [Mr. Pope ]
Mr FILLMORE suggested that the readiest
mode of anivmg at a correct result woi'ld be to
take the quesaon upon each name sepaiately
Mr LANE said, it wis perfectly apparent tnat
we might go on ti'l the end of the session with this
discussion, without obtaining a decision of the
quest on As few gentlemen appeared now to be
prep sred to act on tins subject, he moved the post-
ponement of >ts further consideiation till to-morrow
week
Mi LY TLE "¡aid, the discussion had gone to
i.n extent a inch must satisfy any one tnat the
House, hiving left the principles of the committee,
will tuke at least three months befoie they arrive
ata concluso!) Believing that the House was as
vjp 1 j íepared now as it would cer be to decide
trie quesnon, he called foi the previous question
Mr WlLDL asked what would Le the effect of
the pievi ms q i s'|on.
I tie CHAIR stated that the effect would Le to
obtain the question on the original resolution
reported from the committee, as amended by the
House.
Mr. HUBBARD made spme remarks on the
point of order.
Mr. MANN, of New York, asked whether the
Chair had deeded that the previous question
would not cut off the amendments which had been
adopted.
The Chair had so decided.
Mr. MANN hoped, then, that the motion for
the previous question would be withdrawn.
Mr LYTLE said he would withdraw it for the
piesent
Mr LANE withdrew the motion to postponed.
1     The question then being on the substitute of-
i fered by Mr  Marshall,
Mr. MARSHALL said he would withdraw it,
and offer it in paragraphs, as amendments to the
proposition of his colleague, [Mr Pope ]
The question being then on Mr. Pope's amend-
rrent, it was taken separately on each name.
The question on striking off the name of A
Kavenaugh from the poll of Mr Letcher was
taken by yeas and nays, and decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 151, nays 50.
The names of Geoige Elliott, jr , Moses Bryant,
John Shipman.andL Harris, were also severally
stncken off.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
on striking off the name of John Floyd, it was
determined in the negative—yeas 48, nays 143.
The question was then taken on striking off the
name ot Jeremiah Anderson
After some observations by Messrs HARDIN,
FILLMORE, LANE, S JONES, MERCER, J.
HARPER, VINTON, McKINLEY, and GIL-
MER,
Mr. LYTLE moved the previous question.
Mr. HUBBARD inquired what was the mam
question, and whether it was divisible.
The CHAIR stated the mam question to be
, upon the adoption of the resolutions reported by
j the Committee of Elections, as amended by the
House, and explained how far it was divisible.
j     The previous question was not seconded—yeas
100, nays 102
j     Mr. BURGES moved the House adjourn, but,
I on the yeas and nays being ordered, he withdrew
, the motion
I    Mr. AN THONYrenewed the motion to adjourn,
[ on which the yeas and nays were ordered.
I     The motion was lost—yeas CG, nays 145.
Mr. S JONES demanded the yeas and nays on
stnking out the name of Anderson, which were
ordered.
The motion to strike out was negatived—yeas
I 92, nays 103.
, The pievious question was again demanded by
' Mr  LYTLE
I     Mi    McKENNAN  inquired whether, if the
previous question was sustained, it would be in
' ordei to substitute the name of R P. Letcher for
that of T. P  Moore in the íesolution.
i     The CHAIR explained that, if the House neg-
atived the resolution declaring M. Moore entitled
to the seat, it would be competent to offer another
declaring Mr. Letcher entitled to it.
1     The call for the oievious question was sustained
—yeas 105, nays 96.
Mi   MARSHALL moved a call of the House.
Mr. HARDIN demanded the yeas and nays on
that question
i    The call was ordered—yeas 119, nays 85.
1     Two hundied and sixteen members answered to
their names
Mi. WARD moved the suspension of the call
Mi. HARDIN demanded the yeas and nays.
I     Mr. WARD then withdrew his motion.
j     The call then proceeded
After various members had been excused,
Mi   MANN moved the call be suspended, on
winch
!     Mr.  HARDIN called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered
The suspension of the call was cained—yeas
129, yeas 85
The question, " Shall the mam question be now
put'" was propounded
Mr HARDIN rmv.ed that the House adjourn,
am! de. landed the yeas and nays, which were
oiuered
The motion to adjourn was negatived Yeas 59,
nays 152.
Mr MERCER moved to reconsidei the vote
he had given to strike out sundiy -votes from the
poll of Mr  Letcher
The CHAIR decided the motion was not in
order, the House having sustained the pievious
question, which was a higher order of privileged
questions
Mr MERCER appealed from the decision of
the Cha'r, and supnoited Ins appeal at length.
Mr. W. R. DAVIS inquired whether the vote,
the reconsideration of which was moved,had been
given before or after the pievious question was
moved.
The CHAIR said, the vote was given before the
previous question was moved.
Mr E. EVERETT asked for the reading of the
41st rule, which was done accordmgly
Mr CLAY suppoited t*>e decision of the Chair,
and called for the reading of the 35th rule of the
House; which was read.
Mi LYTLE made some remarks, which were
replied to by Mr. MERCER.
The question was further debated by Messrs.
WILDE, THOMAS, VINTON, SPEIGHT,
FOSTER, LYTLE, and McKENNAN, when
Mr. MERCER withdiew the motion to recon-
sider and his appeal.
Mr McKENNAN asked if it was in older to
call the attention of the House to the fact that,
according to the amendments adopted by the
House, Robert P Letcher had a majority of the
votes, and was therefore elected.
The CHAIR pionounced that it was not in
order.
The reading of the resolutions as amended was
called for, and they were reed.
Mr MARSHALL asked that the statements
of the deductions from votes, &c, should be lead
from the report of the Committee of Elections..
[Loud cries of order ]
The CHAIR decided that it was not in order,
as it was in the nature of an argument
Mr. MARSHALL appealed from the decision
of the Chair
The question being taken on the appeal, the
decision of the Chair was sustained
The question then being, " Shall the mam ques-
tion be now put'" it was taken by yeas and nays,
and determined in the negative—yeas 108, nays
112
Mr. HARDIN moved the House adjourn,
which was carried.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 11, 1834
Mr. EWING presented the petition of Ralph
Vanhorn, of Indiana, a mail contiactor, complain-
ing that the department has not paid him the sum
due for carrying the mail; which was referred to
the Committee on the PostOfficeand PostR.oads.
Mi. McKEAN presented the proceedings of a
public meeting held in Crawford county, Pennsyl-
vania, recommending a restoration ot the depos-
ites to the Bank of the United States, lepudiaung
the right of the President to send a protest to the
Senate, complaining of the Execut.ve's renomina-
ting bank diiectors who had been rejected, re-
monstrating against the withholding nominations;
condemning the courseof the Presiuentm refusing
to hold intei views with committees of the people;
and finding fault that no ¡egiUative course of ac-
tion to settle the currency has been proposed.
The proceedings were referí ed to the Committee
on Finance, and oidered to be printed.
Mi PRESTON piesented the petition of Han-
nah Grubbs, which was laid upon the table
Mr. PRESTON presented resolutions adopted
at a meeting of citizens of Chester District, South
Carolina, lecommendmg a restoration of the de-
posites to the Bank oí the United States, and
disappioving of the protest of the President lately
sent to the Senate. The resolutions were referred
to the Committee on Finance, and ordeied to be
printed
REPORTS.
Mr KANE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill, withoutamendment,
