440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
Mr. MITCHELL, on leave given, presented
additional evidence in suppoit of the claim of
Adam Smith, for work and labor done on the
Cumberland road, west of the Muskingum river;
and on motion, had the original papers recommit-
ted to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. WATMOUGÍI obtained the consent of the
House to submit a resolution setting apart FilJay
and Saturday next for the consideration of tne
naval pry b'll
Mr. VANCE thought, hesaid, we should scarce-
ly have time at this session to attend to the appro-
priation bills; but, if we should pass the bill regu-
lating the pay of the navy, to the exclusion of all
other business, there would not be time for the
Senate to act upon it.
Mr. G-ILLET objected to the motion.
Mr. LOVE moved to amend the resolution, by
adding, "and the bill to reoigamze the Maune
Corps."
demotion of Mr.MARDIS, the resolution was
laid on the table.
Mr WAYNE moved a suspension of the i ule,
in order to take up the íesolution for distubuimg
copies of the census of 1830 among trios'" men-
bers who have not received them, which was
agreed to.
The íesolution refeired to was taken up and
agreed to.
On motion of ¡Mr SMITH, the resolution re-
cently submitted by him, caili"gfoi certain infor-
mation from the War Department, was taken up
and agreed to.
The Houseproceeded,by consent, to theconeid-
eration of the resolution moved by Mr. LYON,
on the 10th of Apnl, calling for in ormation rela-
tive to the longitude and latitude of several places
in the vicinity of the northern boundary of the
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois; and the said
resolution being lead, was agreed to.
The bills from the Senate, lying on the Speaker's
table, were severally read and referred.
The bill from the Senate, to fix the northern
boundary line of Ohio, had its first reading.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, moved to postpone the
consideration of the bill till Thursday next, and to
make it the special order of the day fvr that day.
Mr. LYON, of Michigan, objected to this mo-
tion, and hoped the bill would take the regular
coui se. He moved its reference to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, opposed at length the
reference to the committee, as unnecessary, and
hazaiding the passage of the bill at this session, to
the great injury of the interests of Omo.
Mr. LYON lose to reply, but ins remarks weie
ovei ruled by the Chair, who announced the spe-
cial order of the day, the
KENTUCKY CONTESTED ELECTION.
The House resumed the consideration of the le-
port from the Committee of Elections on theelec-
tion contested between Robert P. Letcher and
Thomas P. Moore. The quesfon being on the
amendment moved by Mr. Pope to the resolution
reported fiom the committee.
Mr. McKlNLEYsaidn was out of the question
that the whole of this session should be given up
to this subject, however important it might be to
the State and the individual*! concerned. We must
take up the subject wi'h a determination io get
through with it, in order to attend to some other
business. If it was not finished to-day, lie should
move the postponement of its fui trier consideration
to Wednesday next.
Mi HARÚ1N moved to amend the amendment
of Mi. Pope, by sinking off ceitam names from
the poll of Mi. Mooie, and inserting the names
previous to those in Mr. Pope's amendment.
The CHAIR decided that the proposition was
not in order, as it was not in effect so much an
amendmentto the pending amendment, a3 a motion
to exclude the balance of the amendment from
consideiation.
After some remarks from Mr. POSTER,
Mr. HARDIN withdrew his motion.
The question being on striking from Mr. Letch-
er's poll the name of Gernt Vorns, it was taken
and determined in the affirmative.
The question was tatien on striking off the
rame of Jcha D Sioi e, and d*-uded in the nega-
tue.
The question was taken on stiiking off the
name of William Wooley, and decided in the
negative.
The question being on striking off the name of
James Moorman, it was decided in the nega-
tive.
The question being on stiiking off the 'ast name
(R.obert Pigg) in the first resolution of Mr. Pope's
amendment—
Mr. MARSHALL moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking off several names f>om the poll
of Mr. Moore, they being, as he contended, proved
to be minors.
The question then being taken on striking off
the name of Robert Figg, it was agreed to.
Mr. G1LLET, with a view, he said, to save
time and bring the subject to a close, moved a
substitute for the resolution and amendments,
striking out the resolution and amendments and
inseiting, that ----------, of the fifth congressional
district of Kentucky, is elected to a seat in this
Hon«e
Tne CHAIR decided that the motion was not
in oider
Mr G1LLET appealed from the decision of the
Chair
Mr SPEIGHT supported the decision of the
Chan.
Mr G1LLET withdrew the appeal, intimating
that when the amendments under consideration
were disposed of, be should renew his motion
Tne question then being on s nkmg fiom the
poll of Mr Moore certain names embraced in the
amendment of Mr Marshall, the following
names were severally stricken off: Richmond
West, Aichibald Go.don, Anthony Long, and
Joseph Henley.
The question was taken upon sinking out the
name of David B. Hughes, after considerable dis-
cussion, and was determined m the negative. Yea3
72, nays 105.
Mi. WISE had taken no part in the contest,
and had become sick of the delay which it had
occasioned     Por the purpose of putting an end
, to the difficulty in which the House was involved,
he offered a íesolution declaring the election for
the fifth congressional district of Kentucky to be
void, foi irregulaiity and uncertainty, and direct-
ing a new election to be held
i     The CHAIR  (occupied  temporarily by  Mr
' Speight) decided the resolution to be not in or-
I der
I Mr. MILLER inquired whether it would be in
1 order to postpone the íesolution and amendments
l now before the House, and take up this resolu-
I tion.
I     The CEIAlPi decided it would not be in order.
j     Mr. WISE inquired whether a motion to lay
I the resolution and amendments on the table would
be in crdei
i     The CHAIR replied in the affirmative.
Mi   WISE made that motion
Mr MARSHALL moved a call of the House.
|     Mr. WISE then withdrew his motion
The question was then taken on striking off the
1 name ci II. N. Honne, which was carried—yeas
116, nay* 38.
Of Joshua Grimes; which was negatived, with-
11 out a division
i| Of II il Thurman, which, after a long discus-
i sion, >vas negatived—62 to 67.
I The questnn then lecuired upon the second
i branch of Mr. Pope's amendment, striking off the
, i names of ceitain voters from the poll of Mr.
'' Letchei, on account of non-residence
The nrst name, (that of William Q,umn,) after
the reading of the testimony, the House refused
to stnke cff.
The House also refused to strike off the name
of John McCoy
The question was then on striking off the name
of Greenbury Peyton, which was agreed to; and
of William Welsh, which was negatived.
Mr. MARSHALL then moved to amend the
above part of Mr. Pope's amendment, by adding
certain names to be stricken from Mr. Moore's  poll,
for non-residence.
Mr. McKAY rose and said it was evident that
it was now time to bring this subject to a close, as
we had spent a long time upon it. and still seemed
to have no piospect of at living at a result. For
sevetot days past we had been engaged in the
examination of individual votes. Were membets
bound by these votes' He thought rot. lie
voted against the admission of the students; ihe
House voted otherwise. Must he be bound to
vote for Letcher because the House had made
that decision ? Ceitainly not. Each member was
bound to decide upon the case according to his
view of the whole. He moved to commit the
report of the committee, with all the amendments,
to the Committee of the Whole House, with
instiuctions to report a resolution declanng that
the election of representative to Congress, in the
fifth congressional district of Kentucky, in Au-
gust, 1833, is void, from uncertainty and irregu-
larity, and that neither of the claimants is entitled
to a seat.
Mr. E. EVERETT made some objection to the
reception of ihe motion, on a point of order.
The CHAIR decided that the motion was in
order.
Mr. HARDIN wished the question on the mo-
tion to be taken in a full House; and he therefore
moved a call of the House; which was ordered.
After the call had been proceeded in for some
time,
The Sergeant-at-Arms was directed to notify
the absentees.
Mr DAVENPORT moved to suspend all
further pioceedings in the call, in order to admit
the absentees at the door; which was agreed to
Mr WILDE moved that all further proceeding
in the call be suspended; which was agreed to.
The auection recumng upon the motion of Mr.
McKAY, it was modified by the mover so as to
commit the subject to the Committee of the Whole
House, with instiuctions to report a resolution
requiring a new election to be held in the fifth
congiessional district of Kentucky, it being im-
possible for the House to determine who was
elected at the election held in August last
Mr GILMER opposed the motion. Hedidnot
conceive that there was any difficulty m ascertain-
ing which of the claimants received a majority of
qualified votes. He was at a loss to discover the
uncertainty, in this case, which was talked of.
Mr. Letcher came here with forty-nine more vote3
than Mr. Moore, and there could be ño uncer-
tainty until forty-nine votes were stricken from Mr.
Letcher's poll. There was informality, no doubt,
in the manner in which some of the votes wert
taken, but not such informality as justified us in
excluding the votes. According to his calculation,
Mr. Letcher had a majority of thirty votes, aftei
excluding the nineteen votes taken on the second
day in Garrard county, and two s'udents who
weie not ci'izens of Kentucky.
Mr WISE said he should vote for the proposi-
tion. The irregularity and informality of the pro-
ceedings, during the election, couM only be equalled
by the irregularity and informality of the course
which had been adopted by the House. We wert
now precisely where the case had originally start
ed, excepting that the House had decided that  
few votes should, and a few others should not, b«
counted for the respective candidates. One of th
candidates alleges that there are no poll-books
before the House, and thegentleman from Georgia
[Mr Gilmer] alleges that by the poll-books, Mr.
Letcher has a prima facie majority of forty-nine
Has the House been willing to receive the prima
facie evidence on either side? The case has been
sent to a committee of the House, who had report-
ed the result of a most laborious examination
The House had neither ratified nor confirmed that
result. If the principles adopted by the committee
were carried out, with all deductions which seemed
to be reasonable, Mr. Mooie has a majority of
twelve or thirteen votes. On the other hand,
taking the copies of the books produced by Mr.
Letcher, and making the necessary deductions,
there was about a similar majority for that candi
date For himself, he felt perfectly indifferent
upon the question. He had entered into no party
feelings on the subject. Prom the commencement
he had been of opinion that the election should be
sent back, and he would take upon him to say,
that any moment, when the friends of either can-
didate thought he was in danger, they would have
been ready to have given their support to this
proposition.   .
Mr. CLAYTON opposed the motion to commit.
Had the Sheriff of Lincoln county done his duty,
