442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
that the House should be made an instrument in
promoting the design.
Mr. McKAY, after a few remarks, expressed
a willingness to modify his proposition by striking
out the reason assigned in the resolution.
The yeas and nays having been ordered—
The question was taken on the motion to com-
mit to the Committee of the Whole, with instruc-
tions, and carried—yeas 113, nays 109.
Mr. FILLMORE moved an adjournment;
which was negatived—yea3 100, nays 103.
Mr. McKAY moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MARSHALL opposed the motion. The
subject was not before the House—it had been
committed, and there were many orders standing
in Committee of the Whole before this.
Mr. EVANS also contended, that being com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole, it must
take its rank among the orders of the day. It
was not now in the power of the House to reach it.
Mr. CLAYTON, Mr. MERCER, and Mr.
WAYNE also expressed their opinion on the
question of order.
Mr. WAYNE moved an adjournment.
Mr. JONES, of Georgia, and Mr. WISE sub-
mitted that the motion to adjourn was not in or-
der.
The CHAIR overruled the objection.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 15, 1834.
A message  upon executive  business was re-
ceived from the President of the United States, by
Mr. Donelson, his Private Secretary.
TETiTIONS.
Mr. TOML1NSON presented the memorial of
citizens of the town of Lynn, New London coun-
ty, Connecticut, in favor of the restoration of the
deposites and the recharter of the Bank of the
United States, which was referred to the Coram*
tee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WEBSTER presented asimilar memorial,
signed-by 937 citizens of the county of Tompkins,
New York; which took the same course as to
reference and printing.
Mr. McKEAN presented a remonstrance of cit-
izens of Chambersburg, Pennsylvania, against the
renewal of the patent of John Ames, paper-maker.
REPORTS.
Mr. TALLMADGE, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a joint resolution for the
relief of John S. Stiles; which was read and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. SOUTHARD, from the same committee,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the memorial of John Whitehead, and
recommending the reference of the same to the
Navy Department; which'was agreed to.
Mr. SOUTHARD, from the same committee,
reponed a bill for the regulation of vessels pro-
pelled, in whole or in part, by steam; which was
read.
Mr. NAUDAIN, from the select committee,
reported a bill granting to Boyd Reilly $3,000, for
the use of his patent for tbtappiicatien of sulphur
and other irrespirable vapors to the human body;
which was ordered to a second readme.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported the general appropriation bill with
amendments; which, with the documents and
amendments, were ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHAMBERS, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported a bill appropriating
$70,000 annually, for thiee years, to the city of
Washington, to be appl.ed to the payment of the
interest of the corporation debts.
The resolution compensating the Hon. Mr.
Potter for his attendance and mileage wast post-
poned until to-morrow.
The resolution for the distribution of the Diplo-
matic Code, offered by Mr. Wii.kins, was read a
first and second time.
Mr. TIPTON called up his resolution changing
the hour of the meeting of the Senate from twelve
to eleven o'clock, until otheiwise ordered; which
was agreed lo—yeas 18, nays 12.
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill from the House,
without amendment, for the relief John Emerson,
and moved its indefinite postponement; which was
concurred in.
The following bills were read a third time and
passed:
A bill for the relief of Francis Barnes;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Alexander
Boyd.
On motion of Mr. WILKINS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to executive business; when the doors were
opened, it adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 12, 1834.
Mr. E. WHITTLESEY, from the Committee
of Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Wash-
ington Sewall; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
The question of referring the bill settling the
boundaries between Ohio and Michigan to the
Judiciary Committee, which was arrested by the
expiration of the hour appropriated to morning
business yesterday, again came up.
Mr. LYON, who made the motion to refer, sup-
ported it at length in reply to the arguments urged
yesterday by Mr. Allen, of Ohio. The contro-
versy had arisen in 1802 or '3, when Ohio was
admitted into the Union. It had frequently come
before the House and its committees, and the pre-
tensions of Ohio had been uniformly disregarded.
During the present session the subject had come
before the Committee on Territories, who had re-
ported against the claim of Ohio. It was impos-
sible for the House to make the necessary investi-
gation; but it should be referred to one of the
standingcommittees, for their report upon the law
and facts.
Mr. VINTON said the argumenta on the part
both of Ohio and Michigan, had been reported by
the Committee on Territories three months ago.
It was highly important that the subject be dis-
posed of during this session. The situation of the
Judiciary Committee of the House was such as
rendered it exceedingly improbable that it would
report immediately. The location of a part of the
line of canals now in progress by Ohio, depends
upon the settlement of this controversy. Mr. .V.
related the course of the bill before the Senate, in
reply to the reasons stated by Mr. Lyon, and in-
sisted that the commitmenlof the bill, under exist-
ing circumstances, was equivalent to a rejection of
the bill for the present session.
Mr. EWING advocated the motion to commit,
at length.
Mr. WILLIAMS contended that the House
should postpone the bill to a day certain, and make
it the special order agreeably to the motion here-
tofore made by Mr. Allen. A decision of the
controversy was important, which would not prob-
ably be done during the present session, if the bill
was referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. VANCE would propose the reference of the
controversy to a select committee, composed of a
member from each State. It was exceedingly im-
portant that the question be settled before Michigan
was admitted.
Mr. LANE said, the internal improvements in
the States of Indiana and Ohio, rendered the im-
mediate settlement of this controversy necessary.
Mr. LYON had no objection to the reference
proposed by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Vance.] The committee would be rather large,
and Ohio would have the advantage, as one of her
members v/ould be on the committee.
Mr. VANCE said Ohio might be omitted.
Mr. GAMBLE advocated the reference of the
bill to a select committee, as it involved questions i
of very considerable intricacy and importance.
Mr. G. explained the action of the Committee on
Territories on this subject, and stated various facts
to show the propriety of referring the bill.              !
Mr  BOON called for the order of the day—      |
On which the CHAIR called up the unfinished |
business of yesterday—                                              j
THE KENTUCKY CONTESTED  ELECTION.     j
The CEI AIR stated that the House having com- ¡
mitted the subject to the Committee of the Whole, I
with instructions, it was competent to fix the time, j
when it should be made the order of the day.          i
Mr. SUTHERLAND moved that the subject
be made the order of to-day.
Mr. STEWART moved that it be made the
order for Monday next.
The latter question being the first in .order, was
taken and negatived.
The motion of. Mr. SUTHERLAND was
carried without a division.
The House then, on motion of Mr. SUTHER-
LAND, went into committee in execution of the
order, (Mr. Hubbard in the chair.)
Mr. McKAY moved two resolutions, declaring
that neither candidate was entitled to the seat, and
that the Executive of the State be notified, in order
that a new election be made.
Mr. WILDE contended that the resolutions
were not in order, inasmuch as they varied from
the instructions given by the House to the com-
mittee.
Mr. McKAY contended that the resolutions
were a substantial compliance with the instruc-
tions. If any gentleman could present the resolu-
tions in a foi m more accordant with the instruc-
tions, he would accede to the proposition.
Mr. SUTHERLAND proposed a resolution, in
the words of the instructions, as follows:
Resolved, That there be a new election for a
member of thii House from the fifth congressional
district in Kentucky—it being impracticable for
this House to determine with any certainty who is
the rightful representative of said district.
Mr. McKAY withdrew his resolutions.
Mr. WILDE inquired whether the resolution
was in the same terms with the instructions.
The CHAIRMAN said it was substantially so.
Mr. WILDE said it must be literally so.
The instructions and resolutions were then read.
Mr. SUTHERLAND moved that the commit-
tee rise, and report the resolution to the House;
which was agreed to.
The committee rose and reported the resolution
accordingly.
The SPEAKER resumed the chair, and the res-
olution having been read—
Mr. CLAYTON moved a preamble to the reso-
lution, which (he said) contained a naked state-
ment of the facts relative to the votes sanctioned
by the House, which showed that Letcher had a
clear majority of eleven votes, and that various
other votes being in controversy which were given
to T. P. Moore: Therefore,
Resolved, That there be a new election, &c.
Mr. MARDIS could regard the proposition in
no other light than an insult to a majority of the
House. If in order, he would move to lay the
proposition on the table.
Mr CLAYTON said it was the first time he
ever heard that the truth could be regarded as an
inEult. The proposition contained nothing but the
truth.
The CHAIR decided the motion to lay a part
of the subject on the table was not in order.
Mr. WILDE suggested to his colleague the
propriety of withdrawing his proposition and sub-
stituting .a modification of the resolution before
the House, declaring that R. P. Letcher was duly
elected, and entitled "to a seat in this House, from
the fifth congressional district of Kentucky.
Mr. CLAYTON assented, and moved the fore-
going as an amendment.
Mr. SUTHERLAND raised a question of order.
No distinct subject could be introduced under color
of amendment.
The CHAIR decided the amendment to be in
order.
Mr. HARDIN then went into a general argu-
ment upon the case, which was replied to bv Mr.
POPE.                                                                r
Mr. MOORE moved a call of the House, in
order that this question might be settled, and the
House proceed to other business.
The call was ordered without a division, and
was proceeded in for some time, when it was
found there were twelve absentees.
Mr. BOON moved to suspend all further pro-
ceedings in the call, upon which
Mr. HARDIN demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. BOON withdrew the motion.
Mr. J. K. MANN moved the suspension of the
call; upon which
Mr. McKENNAN demanded the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
