444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
State) issued to him a eert.ficate of the debt, for
which the United States became liable. Thia claim
was for principal ard interest ]
Messrs. WHITE, MOORE, SMITH, POR-
TER, LEIGH, eOU TH ARD, CLAY, and FRE-
LINGHUYSDN, supported the bill; Messrs.
FORSYTH and KING of Georgia made some
lemaiks in opposition to the bill.
Mi. SPRAGUE moved to strike out the allow-
ance of scrip for land, and to insert in lieu of it a
grant of eighteen thousand and fifty-one dollars
and thirty one cents, which was agreed to
The debite was further continued by Messrs
SHEPLEY and WHITE.
A bill for the repair of the Mars Hill military
load, in the State of Maine, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The Senate took up the bill for the satisfaction
of claims due to certain citi7ens for spoliations
committed on their commerce prior to the 30th of
September, 1800
Mr FORSYTH said, that as there; could be but
Utile expectation of the passage of this bill the
present session, with a view to test the sense of
the Senate, he moved to postpone it to the second
Monday in December next
Mr CHAMBERS objected to the postpone-
ment, if it was ever intended to act on the bill It
lad ahead y been seven years in Congress, and
was a subject of great importance.
Aitersomefuither observations betweei Miosis
FORSYTH, WCBSTER.and CHAMBEIS,
Mr P01NDEXTER suggested a postponement
to some day next week
Mi. FORSY1II asked the yeas and nays on
hm motion, which were ordered, and aie as fol-
lows, to wit:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Bibb, Black, Biown,
Cilhoun, Forsyth, Grundy, Hendricks, Hill,
Kane, King of Alabama, ling of Georgia, Tall-
madge, Tyler, White, anil Wright—16
NAYS—Messrs Bell, Chambers, Clay, Clay-
ton, F.ehnghuysen, Kent, Knight, Leigh, Linn,
McKean, Moore, Naudam, Pomdexter, Prentiss,
Preston, Robbins, Robinson, Shepley, Silsbee,
Smith, Southard, Sprague, Swift, Tomlinson,
Webster, and Wilkins—20.
Mr POINDEXTER then moved the postpone
mentof the bill to next Tuesday.    Agieed to.
The bill granting pensions to <-ertam peisons
therein named was, on motion of Mr. CLAY-
TON, laid upon the table.
Mr TOMLINSON gave notice that he should
move, to morrow morning, to take up the bill, as
theie was several very meutorious cases compie-
htnded in it
The bill to amend an act for the payment of
horses and arms lost in the military service of the
United S'atea against the Indians, on the frontiers
of Illinois and the Michigan Territory", pasted the
19Ji of Febiuary, 1833, came up next in oider
Mr KING, of Alabama, moved to strike out
(he first nine seetionsof the bill, when, after some
conversation between Messrs TIPTON,ROBIN-
SON, CLAYTON, POINDEXTER, and KING
of Alabama
Mr ROBINSON moved to postpone the bill all
to morrow, which was agreed to
On motion of Mr. PORTER, the Senate then
pioceeded to the consideiation of executive busi
liess, and when the doors v.cie opened,
The Senate adjourned
HOUbE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
ritiim, June 13, 1834
The CHAIR communicated to the House alet-
ter from the Secretary of War, transmitting an
answer to a resolution of the House on the subject
of the navigation of the Mississippi and Missouri
livers; which was laid on the table.
Mr. II. EVERETT ga.e notice tnat immedi-
ately after the appropriation bills were disposed
of, he should call up the b.lls m relation to the
Indian department, in the hope thpt one of them,
ot least, would be acted upon before the close of
the session
The Houseiesumed the consideration of the fol-
lowing resolution, offered by Mr. John Q,. Adams:
Ilesohed, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to lay before the House the names of the
presidents, cashiers, dnectois, and stockholders,
lawyers and solicitors, of all the banks selected by
him as depositories of the pubhc moneys, m the
place oí the Bank of the United States and its
branches, together with the amount and stock in
said banks, held by each stockholder, and the
amount of debt due by each president, cashier, and
director of each of the banks, to said bank, at the
time when it was selected as a depository, and at
this time.
To which the followingamerdment was offered
on a former day by Mr. Poi k:
" And that he alsocom-nun „ate to thiaJHouse
' the amount of debts due by the President, cash-
' íers, and directors of the Bank of the United
'States at this time, or at any time within one
' year lastpast, and also, the names of the lawyers
' and solicitors of the Bank of the United States
' and branches, and the amount of debt due by
' each to said bank at this time, and at any time
' within one year last past."
And the following amendment to the amend-
ment, by Mi   Beatty"
" Be itfurtliei íesohed, That the Secretary also
' inform the House whether the Piesident of the
' United States, heads of depaitment,and tieasurer,
'have beenm the habit of keeping then piivateac-
' counts in the Branch Bank of the United States
' in the city of Washington, and at what t.me did
' they, or either of them, cease to keep their ac-
• counts in sa d branch bank "
Mr BEATTY withdrew his amendment
The quesuon recurrmgon the amendment offer- l|
ed by Mr Polk, Mr J Q, ADAMS expressed |
the hope that the gentleman from Tennessee would
withdiaw it, without it, the House would, he be-
lieved, adopt the motion without debate. It was
in the gentleman's power to obtain his object by
a separate proposition. Let the condition of the
United States Bank be what it might, it had no
íeference to the question before us The imme-
diate question was, whether the selected banks
weie safe depositouesof the public money' The
matter intioduced by thegentleman from Tennes-
see was extianeous, and calculated to embanass
the resolution. He objected also to the amend-
ment, that it proposed a more extensive inquiry
than was proposed bv the resolution, and demand-
ed information which the House had no right to
demand The House hfd once ordered this m- i
quiry into the condition of the United States Bank,
and the bank had, in defiance of the House, íe-
fused to submit to the investigation The House
had labored a long time under this con'empt, with-
out exhibiting any disposition to tvaintau its as-
sumed aothonty He alluded to the demand made
by the Committee of Investigation upon the Bank
of the United States, of its correspondence with
members of Congress, the objectof which, he in-
timated, was to piove the assertion of the Presi-
dent, that if the last Congiess, at its first session,
had sat three weeks longer, it would have been
bribed to recharter the bank by a vote of two-
thirds The inquiry ordered by the House (he
contended) exceeded Us powers, and was legally
resisted by the bank Ble hoped, therefore, that
the gentleman from Tennessee would cease his
mquisitiveness, and that he would suffer the reso-
lution to pass without the proposed mcumbiance.
Mr POLK replied that he had no expectation,
when he came to the House this morning, of being
drawn into a discussion of this subject. The gen-
tleman had commenced and ended his remarks
with an expression of a wish that he would with-
draw his motion to amend the resolution, and in
the interval, had chosen to make some observa-
tions which it might be proper for him to answer
He should do it in a few words, premising that he
should not comply with the gentlenan's request I
by withdrawing the amendment Thegentleman
avowed his object in calling for the information to
be to ascertain lvhether the public money was safe
m its present places of deposite I, said Mr P.,
proposed a similar inquiry in regard to the United
States Bank, where the Government has two or
three millions in deposites, and seven millions of
stock. It was more important to require the pro-
posed information from the Bank of the United
States than from the loca! deposite banks, for the
reason that the Government was a stockholder, aa
well as a depositor in the United States Bank, and
was more peculiarly proper to require it from the
United States Bank, because that bank had set
itself up in antagonist position to the Government,
had denounced the Executive as a tyrant, usurper,
and despot, and more recently, had denounced and
insulted the lepresentatives of the people, because
they sustained him in his measures. But, accord-
ing to the gentleman, this immaculate and inoffen-
sive Bank of the United States must not be looked
into, though the affa'rs of the State banks must be
thoroughly probed. Again, he thought it more
peculiarly proper to cairy the inquiry lntothecon-
cerns of the United States Bank, because a commit-
tee of the House, appointed to investí its affairs,
by a vote of one hundred and seve members,
had gone to Philadelphia with the very inquineí
which were now proposed to be made into the
State banks, and had been insultingly repulsed
The bank was requested, by resolution of the
committee, " to furnish the particular items, and
' the aggregate of all fees and compensation paid
' during each year to attorneys, counsellors, or
•lawyers, since the establishment of the bank;
' stating the amount paid to each person employed,
' togethei with the residence, the times when the
1 payments were made, and the particular services
' rendered for each charge paid, also, whether the
' same has been paid at the parent bank or branches,
' and at which, designating them, also, of all sums
' paid as a general or annual fee or salary to coun-
' eellors for the bank, specifying the names of such
' persors, the amounts, and times, and places of
'payment; and, also, whether such sums were
' paid by the order, in each case, of the board of
1 directois,oi how otherwise paid ¡designating such
' sums as have been paid in cash, and such as may
1 have been passed to the credit of such persons or
'others, in payment of any debt or debts due to
' said bank "
To the senes of lesolutions of which this was
one, the board of directors replied, by a resolution,
unanimously adopted:
" That the board do not feel themselves at liberty
' to comply with the íequirement of the resolutions
' of the Committee of Investigation of the 29th
' ultimo, and 1st instant, and do not think they are
' bound to do so, inasmuch as,m respect to a part
' of the papers called for, the eftect would be the
' same as the surrendei of their books and papers
' to a secret and ex parle examination, which they
' have already refused to consent to "
I do not conceive, then, said Mr. P , that the
amendment is improper orinexpedient. The gen-
tleman's request he could not comply with It
would be more reasor able that he should ask the
gentleman to modify his own resolution by ex-
tending his inquiries to the United States Bank
Mr P. then adverted in terms of great seventy,
to a semi-ofictal expose of the bank, published in
the National Gazette, as a reply to the report of
the Committee of Investigation.
The bank, he said, in this paper, which was evi-
dently prepared under its own directions, defied
and insulted the House of Representatives. After
setting itself up in opposition to the Government,
assumn g to construe the powers of the Executive,
and to dispute what authority he should and should
not exercise, it now abuses and denounces this
House
Mr J a ADAMS. Will the gentleman give
us proof that what he is about to read came from
the bank>
Mr. POLK The paper furnishes intrinsic evi-
dence of its authorship, for it contains a letter from
a member of the committee which could not have
been procured but from the bank Yes, sir, the
bank, which was so scrupulousin regard to priva e
correspondence, has not hes'tated to avail itself of
a private letter, witn a view to assail members of
this House. Mr. P. then read some paragraphs
from the paper, as follows:
" The House of Representatives, it cannot be
'dissembled, has lost much of the confidence of
1 the country, and has lost it by inattention to its
' own character. They have been much too ser-
1 vile—have permitted themselves to be the dupes
' of political jugglers. It ¡s a fact perfectly noto-
' nous, that a very large portion of the House,
'outside of the bar, acknowledge the improper-
'conduct of the Executive—yet step forward a few
' feet, and vote to support the very measures they
' disapprove. The House ought to be ashamed of
'such conduct.    There aie really many honest
