1834.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                  445
' and well-meaning men in that body, and they
' ou"ht to revolt at the humiliation to which th,j
' Kitchen Cabinet subjects them The present
' feeling of the country towards the House is one
< of surprise and pity—surpuse, that a popular
' body should be so indifferent to popular rights;
' and pity, that it should suffer thecontrolof these
' political jugglers. Jf, therefore, that body should
' be despised, it will only be because it has made
' itself despicable. If it be treated with contempt,
' it will be because it is contemptible "
Mr. J a. ADAMS. Will the gentleman read
the letter of which he spoke'
Mr POLK. The gentleman can read the letter
himself, if he pleases. I am not bound toread for
the gentleman's edification oramusement I choose
to proceed with my remarks, in proper temper, I
hope, having lead enough of this bank bulletin.
Plight or wrong, sir, (continued Mr. P ,) whatever
the bank does, the board of directors assert the
legal right to do what has been done As an
answer to my objection to the course of the bank,
it is said that the board of directors approve it.
He did not wish to evade the investigation into
the concerns of the local banks, but he wished also
to carry ltmto the affairs of the Bank of the United
States—an institution which some regard as the
sole agent of the Government. The bank issues
its bulletin,and declares that you have no power;
that they stand above your reach; and you are
now requested modestly to decline asking the bank
any more questions. He shrunk from no scrutiny
into the affairs of the local banks, and had no
objection to the object of the resolution of the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. WAYNE objected, he said, to the passage
of the resolution of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, and also of the amendment of the gentle-
man from Tennessee, and he believed he could
convince the House that we had no power to pass
either, and that it would be impolitic to exert the ,
power if we had it     What coercive power had I
we m case the information should be refused'    If
we attempted to coerce the local banks by with-
drawing the deposites from them, we put it into
the power of the Secretary of the Tieasury to
exercise an undue influence through the means of
these institutions.   We assumed in the resolution
that we had a right to investigate the condition of
the local banks generally, a power which, he con-
tended, belonged to the íespective States alone.
We had sufficient security for our interests in the
weekly statements of the selected banks and then
standing in the commercial world     He was op-
posed to the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee, as unnecessary, because themeasuies
of the Government in íelation to the Bank of the
United S'ates would not  be changed—certainly
not With his vote, and as illegal, because the powers
reserved to either House ot Congress, under the
twenty-third section of the charter, could not be
delegated to any functionary of the Government.
If we were to asseit the power, he would do it in I
away in which it would Le effective.    Would that j
information be given to an officer of the Govern-
ment, which had been denied to a committee of
this House;    He was aware that anothei refusal
of the bank to give the infoimation, would be
deemed anothermstance of contumacy on the part |
of the institution, but he asked no such aid as this.
He was willing to leave the question where it was   j
We had put the bankm the wrong, and he wished ,
to keep her there.                                                         j
The CHAIR here arrested the remarks of Mr
WAYNE—the hour assigned to theconsideiation ¡
of resolutions having expired.
The House proceeded to the orders of the day i
The bill establishing the northern boundnry line
of the State of Oa-o, which laid over from yester- I
day, came up, upon the respective motions of Mr. ■ |
Allen, of Ohio, to postnone to Thuisday next,
and make it the special order of that day, and of |l
Mi   Vvscf, to lefer to a select committee                ,
Mi   LTiON expressed Lis concurrence in the  j
pioposition to reter to a sel'Ct committee     The
interests of Michigan requued important informa-   |
tion to be consideied, wmcli.in so laige a bod/rs
the House, it would be difficult to communicate in |
detail.    lie had heretofore laid before one of me i
standing committees some views upon the legal
principles involved,  but the  question  of expe-
diency, which was of the most vital consequence to I
the Territory of Michigan, had not been gone into.
He wished for an opportunity to do this before a
committee.
Mr ALLEN, of Ohio, begged the House to
bear in mmd that the reference of this bill to a
committee amounted, in effect, to its rejection.
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone, being the first in order, which was
negatived—ayes 63, noes 68.
The motion to refer to a -select committee was
then agreed to without a division.
Mr. VANCE moved that the committee con-
sist of seven members; which was ordered accord-
ingly.
Mr. LYON inquired whether the gentleman
from Ohio, who made the motion, would be of the
committee'
Mr. VANCE hoped he would be excused from
serving.
REMOVAL OP THE DEPOSITES.
The joint resolution of the Senate, disapproving
of the removal of the deposites from the Bank of
the United States, came up on its first reading.
Mi POLK moved to lay the resolution on the
table
Mr. E. WHITTLESEY suggested that proba-
bly no objection would be made to laying the res-
olution aside for the present, until the other bills
on the table were disposed of, and hoped the
motion to lay on the table would be withdrawn.
Mr. POLK declined.
Mr. CROCKETT moved a call of the House;
which was ordered.
After the call had proceeded for some time,
Mr. R. M. JOHNSON moved all further pro-
ceedings on theca'l be suspended
The yeas and nays having been ordered on this
motion, it was withdrawn.
The CHAIR having stated, in answer to an
inquiry, that 211 members had answered,
Mi ANTHONY renewed the motion to sus-
pend the call
Mr. H1ESTER demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
The question on suspending the call was carried
—yeas 107, nays 76
The resolution having been read, on motion of
Mr  Chilton,
Mi W. R DAVIS wished to inquire of the
gentleman who moved to lay the resolution on
the table, whether this course was intended for a
final disposition of the question, or merely tem-
porary.
Mr. POLK said it was in the power of the
House only to answer that question.
Similar inquiries having been made by Messrs.
CHILTON and DENNY,
The CHAIR stated that the question, by the
rules of the House, was not debatable     That it
would be compe'ent, whenever the motion was in
oider, for a majority of the House to take up the j
resolution.
On motion of Mr BURGES, the resolution was
again lead, when the motion to lay on the table
was earned by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. John Adams, William Allen,
Anthony, Bean, Beardsley, Beaumont, Blan,
Bockee, Bodle, Boon, Bouldm, Brown, Bunch,
Burns, Bynum, Cambreleng, Carmichael, Carr,
Casey, Chaney, Chinn, Samuel Clark, Clay, Cof-
fee, Connor, Cramei, Day, Dickerson, Dickinson,
Dunlap, Torester, Fowler, WilliamK. Fuller,Gil-
let, Gilmer, Joseph Hail.Halsey, Hamei, Joseph
M Harper, Harrison, Hathaway, Hawkins,
Haweb, Henderson, Howell. Hubbard, A Hunt-
ington, Inge, Jarvis.RichatdM Johnson, Noadiah
Johnson, Cave Johnson, Seaborn Jones, Benja-
min Jones, Kavanagh, Kinnard, Lane, Lansing,
Laporte, L Lea, T. Lee, Leavitt, Loyall, Lyon,
Lytle,Abi|dh Mann, Joel K Mann.Mardis.Moses,
Mason, Mclntire. McKay, McKim, McKmley,
McLene, McVean, Miller, Henry Mitchell, Rob-
ert Mitchell, Muhlenbeig, Murphy,Osgood,Page,
Parks, Parker, Patton, Patterson, Dutee J Pearce,
Prankliii P erre, Pierson, Plummer, Polk, Pope,
SJienck, Schley, Shinn.C Slade, Smith, Speight,
Stoddert, Sutherland, William Taylor, Fiancis
Thomas, Thomson, Turrill, Vanderpoel, Van
Houten, Wagenei, Ward, Wardwell, Wayne,
Webster, Whalion, and C. P White—114
NAYS—Messrs John duincy Adams, Heman
Allen, John J. Allen, C. Allan, Archer, Ashley,
Banks, Barber,Barnitz,Barrioger,Baylies,Beatty,
Bell, Binney, Bnggs, Bull, Burd, Burges, Cage-,
Campbell, Chambers, Chilton, Choate, William
Clark, Clayton, Clowney,Corwin,Coulter,Croclc-
ett, Darlington, W R. Davis, Deberry, Deming,
Denny, Dickson, Duncan, Evans, E Everett, H.
Everett, Ewmg, Felder, Fillmore, Foster, Philo
C. Fuller, Fulton, Gamble, Garland, Gholson,
Gordon, Gorham, Graham, Grayson, Grennel!,
Griffin, Hiland Hall, Hard, Hardin, James Har-
per, Hazeltine, Heath, Hiester, Jabez W. Hunt-
ington, Jackson, William Cost Johnson, Lay,
Lewis, Lincoln, Love, Martindale, Marshall, Mc-
Carty, McComas, McKennan, Mercer, Milligan,
Moore.Pinckney, Potts, Ramsay,Reed, Rencher,
Selden, Augustine H Shepperd, William Slade,
Sloane, Spangler.Steele, Stewart,PhilemonThom~
as, Tompkins, Turner, Tweedy, Vance, Vinton,
Edwaid D. White, Frederick Whittlesey, Ehsha
Whittlesey, Williams, Wise, and Young—101.
The joint resolution of the Senate directing the
deposites of the public money to be made in the
Bank of the United States and its blanches, was
read the first time.
Mr. POLK moved to lay this resolution on the
table.
Mr CHILTON demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. MARTINDALE called for the reading of
the resolution, when the question was taken to
lay it on the table; which was carried, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs John Adams, William Allen,
Anthony, Bean, Beardsley, Beaumont, Blair,
Bockee, Bodle, Boon, Bouldin, Brown, Bunch,
Burns, Bynum, Cambreleng, Carmichael, Carr,
Casey, Chaney, Chinn, Samuel Clark, Clay,
Coffee, Connor, Coulter, Cramer, Day, Diclter-
son,Dickinson, Dunlap, Felder, Forester, Fowler,
William K. Fuller, Gillett, Joseph Hell, Halsey,
Hamer, Joseph M Harper, Harrison, Hathaway,
Hawkins, Hawes,Henderson,Howell, Hubbard,
A Huntington,Inge, Jarvis,Richard M.Johnson
Noadiah Johnson, Cave Johnson, Seaborn Jones,
Benjamin J ones, Kavanagh, Kinnard, Lane, Lan-
sing, Laporte, Luke Lea, Thomas Lee, Leavitt,
Loyall, Lyon, Lytle, A. Mann, Joel K Mann,
Mardis, Moses Mason, Mclntire, McKay, Mc-
Kim, McKinley, McLene, McVean, Miller, II.
Mitchell, Robert Mitchell, Muhlenberg, Murphy,
Osgood, Page, Paiks, Parker, Patton, Patterson,
D. J. Pearce, Peyton, F. Pierce, Pierson, Plum-
mer, Polk, Pope, Schenck, Schley, Shinn, Charles
Slade, Smith, Speight.Standifer, Stoddert, Suther-
land, William Taylor, F. Thomas, Turrill, Van-
derpoel, Van Houten, Wagener, JVard, Ward-
well, Wayne, Webster, Whalion, and Campbell
P. White—118
NAYS—Messrs J. a. Adams, H Allen, John
J. Allen, C. Allan, Archer,Ashley .Banks,Barber,
Barnitz, Barnnger, Baylies, Beatty, James M.
Bell, Binney, Bnggs, Bull, Burd, Burges, Cage,
Campbell, Chambers, Chilton, Choate, William
Clark, Clayton, Clowney, Corvwn, Crane, Crock-
ett, Darlington, W R. Davis, Deberry, Denny,
Dickson, Duncan, Evans, E Everett, H Everett,
Ewmg, Fillmore, Foster, Philo C Fuller, Fulton,
Gamble, Gailand, Gordon, Goiham, Graham,
Grayson, Grennell, Griffin, Hiland Hall, Hard,
Hardm, James Harper, Hazeltine,Heath,Hieeter,
J.W Huntington, Jackson,W C Johnson,King,
Lay,Lewis, Lincoln, Love, Martindale, Marshall,
McCarty, McComas, McKennan, Mercer, Milli-
gan, Moore, Pmckney, Potts, Ramsay, Reed,
Rencher, Selden, A. H. Shepperd, Wm. Slade,
Sloane, Spangler, Steele, Stewart, P Thomas,
Tompkins, Turner, Tweedy, Vance, Vinton, E.
Ü. White, F. Whittlesey, E. Whittlesey, Wil-
liams, Wise, and Young—98.
The bill from the Senate to revive the act enti-
tled "An act to grant preemption rights to settlers
on public lands," approved 29Ui May, 1830, was
' taken up on its passage
1     After the reading of a letter from Mr- Graham,
I  former Commissioner of the Land Office, at the
1! clerk's table—
II       Mr VINTON opposed the passage of the bill
I at length The system undei which the public
i lands aie sold íequires that after they are surveyed
they shall be first exposed to public auction. The
reason is, that in every tiact of country there are
I sections which have advantages of water power,
