446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
or of a position in reference to commercial advan-
tages, which are worth more than the minimum
Government price. This bill proposes that indi-
viduals who may have gone upon such tracts con-
trary to existing law, however valuable they may
be, shaM be entitled to such lands at $1 25 per
acre. The law which it was proposed to revive,
•was passed at midnight on the last day of the ses
sion, on the ground that it was essential for the
piotection of the poor who had settled upon, and
should receive, at the Government price, a little
pittance of land Some such cases have undoubt-
edly arisen; but he was satisfied that the great
majority of those who had availed themselves of
the former law were capitalists and speculators.
A large sum had been appropnated for removing
the rait of the Red river, which would lay open a
large tract of the finest cotton lands in the United
States. The increased value of these lands would
amply repay the amount expended in these im-
provements. But if this bill passes, instead of
bringing ten or fifteen dollars an acre, not a single
section of this land will bung more than $1 25 per
acre
Mr. V. called for the reading of a letter pub-
lished in the printed documents, relative to the
outrages committed in Alabama by settlers on the
public lands, to prevent bidding at the public sales,
which being done, Mr V illustrated his position
by the facts shown by these documents, and con-
tended that it was contrary to every principle of
public policy to encourage such conduct. Mr. V.
alluded to the lead mines on the Mississippi, and
the effect of this law upon these lands, which had
been ordered to be sold. The individuals who
had intruded themselves into these lands against
law had caused two Indian wars, which had cost
fiom one to two millions of dollars. This was
substantially a bill to benefit speculators
Mr CLAY replied at length to the arguments
of Mr Vinton. Unless this measu-e was adopt-
ed, the hardy individuals who had opened the
way into the forest would have their houses sold
over their heads, being out bid at the public sales
by speculators, and would, be obliged to purchase
their homes by paying these capitalists a profit of
fiom fifty to one hundred percent. Mr. C. went
into an extended explanation of the effect of the
law which it was pioposed to revive, and con-
tended that the auction sales made befoie the pas-
sage of it very little exceeded the minimum price
The sales of cotton lands in Mississispi averaged
only two cents and a fiaction above the minimum
price. Deducted from these must be the increased
expense of sales by auction, and the result is that
the actual receipt was not greater than the Gov-
ernment priceT
Mr. WHITE, of Florida, also combatteJ the
arguments of Mr. Virion There was no law
which prohibits settlements upon the public lands.
There had. been a law passed, on the recommend-
ation of Mr Jefferson, prohibiting persons enter-
ing into possession of land in Louisiana under pre-
tended Fiench and Spanish titles. This law did
not reach to settlements without claim of title.
The object of the bill is to enable those who had
made improvements to purchase the land of the
Government without paying speculators for not
bidding against them at the public sales.
Mr. McCARTY supported the provisions of
the bill in reply to Mr. Vivton. To obviate the
objections which had been suggested, he proposed
. to add a proviso, lequiung the person claiming to
enter land under a preemption right, to make oath
to certain facts which would place his right within
the intent of this lav/
Mr LEWIS also supported the bill. It was
necessary to protect the honest settler against the
speculator, under the auction system It was a
mistake to say that the bill now proposed to be
revived had been passed at midnight; it was op-
posed at every stage of its progress by the gentle-
man from Ohio, and was finally passed in broad
daylight. The person whose letter had been i ead
relative to" the proceedings in Alabama, was a
speculator, who was anxious to preseive the for-
mer system, and who felt that the passage of the
bill would destroy his profits. He was sensible
that too much discussion would defeat the bill.
He hoped its friends would confine themselves to
explanation
Mr. POLK was in hopes that this bill, introdu-
cing no new piinciple, simply reviving an existing
law------
Mi. VINTON said.it not only íevved the
former law, but provided that those rejected under
the foimer law should be allowed
Mi. POLK said, no person could obtain any
lands, unless by paying for them at $1 25 centt.
The State from which he came was not interested
in the question, but his observation of the evils of
the former system had convinced him of the neces-
sity of this bill. Nothing pi evented him fiom
discharging his duty in moving that the appropria-
tion bills which were undisposed of, be taken up,
but a strong reluctance to interfere with the only
measure which had come up during the session foi
the general benefit of the people of the western
country.
Aftei a brief explanation from Mr CLAY—
Mr  II   EVERETT opposed the provisions of
the bill     The necessity for this law, which had
been referred to,had arisen out of oui pnoi legis-
lation    Thereshould be some permanent piinciple
I adopted instead ot passing these temporary laws
¡ If the country was prepared to take the bioad
' ground of pel nutting settlers to enter lands at the
1 minimum price, as soon as they go upon them,
he should not oppose it     But unless such a meas-
1 ure should be adopted as a principle of general
policy, he could not suppoit it
1     Mr DUNCAN had often advocated the position
i suggested by the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr
II. Everett ]    He had long been convinced that
it was the tiue poln y of the Government
I     Mr  PLUMMER advocated the piovisions of
the bill.   There was aclause in the Choctaw treaty
prohibiting settlements until after the íemoval of
I the Indians.    Cut the   Indians  themselves, the
[ surveyors, and all parties interested, petitioned in
favoi of permitting settlers to go upon these lands.
Sales and surveys could rot otherwise be made
These pioneers  were necessary to furnish with
provisions the surveyors and other persons who
wish to examine the lands.
Mr  LANE supported the bill, m reply to the
objections of Mr Vinton     There was no compe-
tition at a public sale where there was a thousand
tracts for each puichaser.   The sales, therefoie,
raiely exceeded the minimum price.   The public
Treasury had lost nothing fiom the original lav/,
and would lose nothing from this extension of it.
Mr. CLAYTON resided in a State which had
no public lands in it, but, onacaieful investigation
of the subject, he was satisfied that the inteiests of
1 the Government would be promoted  by the pas-
j sage of this bill     If Government did not giv e this
privilege of preemption, speculates wou'd sell it.
I He thought the Government should take the ciedit
. to itself.
1     Mr. EWING obtained the floor, but gave way
i to
Mr VINTON, who thought it extraordinary
that his íemarks, which weietonsidered as having
no force, should call out a dozen answers, and
gentlemen weie not satisfied.
Mr ASHLEY made some íemarks in support
of the bill
Mr. STEWART moved the previous question.
Mr  WILLIAMS hoped the gentleman from
Pennsylvania would withdiaw hi& motion, if not,
he should be under the necessity of moving a call
of the House
Mr. STEWART withdrew the motion for the
previous question
After some discussion, in which Messrs Mc-
KAY and PEYTON took part-
Mi. PEYTON moved to recommit the bid,
with instiuctions to repoit a resolution, prov ding
that all the lands lemaming unsold in the State of
Tennessee, be sold at twenty five cents an acre
Mi SPEIGHT moved the pievious question;
which was seconded, by a vote of 91 to 54.
The main question, being the passage of the
bill, wrs then oidered to be put.
Mr. BEARDSLEY suggested the expediency
of adopting, by consent, the amendment moved
by the gentleman fiom Indiana
To which Mi VINTON objected.
The quest.on being taken on the passage of the
bill, it was decided in the affirmative—yeas 124,
nays 53
So the bill was passed.                        ,
Mi POLK asked the House to take up the bill
making appiopnations for the payment of Indian
annuities, which would not, he inought, take up
twenty m.nutes
Mr WILLIAMS moved an aJjournmeut
which was nega lveJ
The bill v/us then token up for cons der?non
Mr. POLK moved that the House non concur
m certain amendments, made in the Coir mi tee of
the Whole, making acuitional appropn¡*iions foi
blacksmiths, in several tribes, which was agreed
to
Mi POLK moved to strike out <-,27,G25 for
rifles, and insert £,28,875; which was agieed to
On motion of Mi POLK, the amendments made
in the Committee of the Whole were seveially
concurred in, with the ex"eption of the amend-
ment authorizing the use of the Seneca fund for
the payment of annuities, on which some remaiks
were made by Messrs J a AD \MS, POL.K,
FILLMORE, and PARKER, when
Mi EINNCV moved to add a proviso declaring
that the light of the Seneca Indians to the amount
of that fund shall net be impaired
Messrs PARKER, J Q. ADAMS, and LIN-
COLN, opposed the amendment with the pio-
viso, and Mi B1NNEY made an explanation of
his views, when the proviso was agieed to
The amendment as amended was then carried.
The amendment moved in committee by Mr.
Hawes, pioviding that the annuities paid under
this act shall be madeto thechiefs of the tribes,or
to buch persons as the tubes shall appoint, was
negatived.
The bill was crdeied to be engrossed and read
a third time to monow
The House then adjourned
REPORT
Of the Commutec of the House of Re;  esentahves,
appointed to investigate the affmsoj the Bank of the
United States, ptesented ty Mi Thomas, of Mai y-
land, May 22, 1«34.
The committee appointed m pursuance of a res-
olution of the House of Representatives, passed on
the 4 h day of April, by which it was
Resolved, That foi the put pose of ascertaining,
as far as practicable, the cause of the commercial
embarrassment and distress complained of by nu-
merous citizens of the United States, in sundry
memonals which have been presented to Congress
atthepresentse-sion, and ofmquinng whether the
charter of the Bank of the United States has been
violated, and also what conuptions and abuses
have existed in its management, whether it has
used its corporate power or money to control the
press, to interfere m politics, or influence elections;
and whether it has had any agency, through its
management or money, in producing the existing
pressure, a select committee be appointed to inspect
the books and examine into the proceedings of the
said bank, who shall report whethei the piovisions
of the charter have been violated or not, and, also,
what abuses, coiruptions, or malpractices, have
existeu in the management of sa'd bank, and that
the said committee be authorized to send for per-
sons and papers, and to summon and examine
witnesses on oath, and to examine into the affairs
of the said bank and branches And they aie fur-
ther authorized to visit the principal bank, or any
of its blanches, for the purpose of inspecting the
books, conespondence,accounts and other papers
connected with its management or business, end
that the said committee be requned to report the
result of such investigation, together with the evi-
dence they may take, at as early a day as practi-
cable—
Respectfully submit the following repdrt, in
part, of their proceedings, so far as they have
found it practicable to discharge the duties de-
volved on them
Charged, particularly, to examine into the con-
duct and condition of the Bank of the United States,
they have endeavored most anxiously to asceitam
correctly the true chaiacter of that highly lespon-
sible and delicate trust
To judge rightly of the proceedings of the Hpuse
of Representatives, and of its committee, towards
the bank, it must be borne constantly in mind that
that corporation diffeis essentially from an ordi-
nary banking company, incorporated for private
