1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
her Executive was by both her leghslatuie and her
judicially. But on the principle of this bill, her
claim will be better treated in the end than that of
any other State. If she had obtained the money
years ago, she would not have had it in her power
to invest it at par in Government six per cent,
stock; and of course it is better that until this time
Bhe has never been paid, if she shall get her whole
claim in the end.
I cannot consent, Mr. President, to pay Massa-,
chusetta the enormous amount which this bill will
give her. The amendment proposed byaSenator
from that State [Mr. Silsbee] contemplates inter-
est not only on what she has obtained, but on all
she shall obtain hereafter.
The bill which passed the Senate two years ago,
and was vetoed by the Presidentas, I believe, sim-
ilar to the bill now under consideration. Had that
bill become a law, not only would millions have
been drawn from the Treasury to pay the interest
on the principal sums which had already been
allowed, but the States would have pressed the
several items of account that had been justly disal-
lowed. The Siate of Massachusetts, having seized
with greedy eagerness on her half million for in-
terest on that part already allowed, would have
further pressed her great claim, long held back,
for the purpose of taking principal and interest on
that also.
I am myself a native of Massachusetts, and
never in my life did I converse with a sensible,
honest Democrat and friend to his country, belong-
ing to that State, on the subject, who did not con-
fess that the Government would be right never to
allow a dollar of her claim. The friends of the late
Administration dared not to urge this claim when
a citizen of Massachusetts was at the head of the
Government; but the same party were very adroit
to throw the allowance of half a million of that
justly repudiated claim on the Administration of
General Jackson, and they now as adroitly attempt
to impose on his Administration the payment of
interest, equal to, if not exceeding in amount, the
original allowance.
I must confess that the calls which have been
made on theTreasury since the commencement of
the present Administration have been most extrav-
agant.    By no means the least extravagant will be
the amount directly allowed by this bill.    Is it the
system of the opposition who make up the majority
ot this body, to support every extravagant expen-
diture, that the Treasury may become bankrupt?
Does  this  opposition wish to see the tax on tea |
and coffee, on salt and other necessaries and con- |
veniences of life which have been taken off, again j
put on,  that " American industry" may be en- ¡
couraged?    If, at a time when, accoidmg to the ¡
stones which have daily dinned our ears for the j
last six months, business of every kind is prostra- j
ted and the country is ruined—it, at such a time, ;
the great manufacturers at Lowell can divide, as j
they lately have divided, at the rate of twelve per '
cent, per annum profit on their capital, do we want
lurther taxes on the people for the protection of
manufactures?
I ask gentlemen if the estimates of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, which anticipated that the
receipts might equal the expenditures during the
present year, included the items of nearly a full
million of dollars for the Cumberland road—three
hundred and fifty thousand dollars for the Balti-
more railroad company—a million ot dollars addi-
tional subscription to the Chesapeake and Ohio
canal company—an annual half million of dollars
for the benefit and relief o( the District of Colum-
bia, besides some three hundred thousand dollars
paid, in this year, principally for extra publica-
tions, to pet opposition printers within the Dis-
trict—an unlimited amount of money for French
claims, prior to the year 1800—and now two or
three millions of dollars, as the first fruits of this
interest bill? If these items, and others of a kin-
dred character, have not been anticipated by the
head of the Treasury, what can we expect but
bankiuptcy in that department befoie another
year shall come round ?
Taking up the National Intelligencer of this
morning,! observe the following paragraph, com-
in entingon the very decisivedisposition,m another
place, of certain resolutions relating^ to the depos-
ites, that not long since passed the Senate:
" The public money, therefore, will remain in
' the local banks, where it is now, or wherever
1 else it may be, until the next session of Congress
' at least, unless it should be the pleasure of the
' President of the united States, in the plenitude
' of his omnipotential  authority, to  transfer its
' custody elsewhere.    We shall be agreeaby dis-
' appointed if, by the time Congress gets together
' again, there will be much of the public treasure ac-
' cessible to deposite or to transfer anywhere."
I     Very complacent, to be sure!    Can anything
i exceed the insolence of these bloated parasites and
j I panders of a corrupt monopoly, who are not only
I   feasting on the fruits of their corruption, but who
:' have thrown themselves upon theTreasury, in op-
| j position to the will of the people, and are actually
S, receiving between one and two hundred thousand
¡I dollars of the public money in the very year in
¡j which they anticipate a bankrupt treasury ? Is it
¡I for contemning the people that these men are fed
\ from the public crib? They anticipate thaW/iete
■J roillnot be notch of the public treasure accessible after
|; the present year!   Well indeed would it have been
II  for the people if there had been no surplus money
!¡ in the Treasury to pay them for extra jobs, sur-
jj reptitiously authorized   by lesolutions 'smuggled
through one or the other branch of Congress, as
a mere matter of favor to them. If there be no
other advantage in an empty treasury, that of
preventing the waste of hundreds of thousands on
opposition printers will be some consolation to an
abused people.
Taunted as we are by the printers of the bank,
and by others in Congress, with the prospect of
an empty Treasury, I trust (hat neither this bill,
nor some others of a like character, will be suffered
to pass both branches of Congress at the present
session.
The debate was continued by Messis. PRES-
TON and BIBB, in opposition, and by Mr.
CHAMBERS in support of the bill, and was, mi
motion of Mr. PRESTON, recommitted by the
following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Bibb, Black, Brown,
Calhoun, Forsyth, Grundy, Hill, Kane, King of
Alabama.Kingof Georgia, Leigh, Linn.Mangum,
Moore, Morris, Preston, Robinson, Shepley,Ta!l-
madge, Tipton, Tyler, Waggaman, White, and
Wright—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Chambers, Clay, Clayton,
Ewing, Frelingliuysen, Hendricks, Kent, Knight,
McKean, Naudain, Poindexter, Porter, Prentiss,
Silsbee, Smith, Sprague, Swift, Tomlinson, and
Webster—19.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read twice, the first referred to the
Committee on Finance, and the last to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands:
A bill providing for the payment of Indian an-
nuities for the year 1834;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Leonard Holley.
The following bills were read a third time and
passed:
A bill to remunerate Stephen G. Phillips, for the
support and transportation of shipwrecked Amer-
ican seamen;
A bill for the relief of General James Taylor,
late quartermaster general and district paymaster
in the Army of the United States;
A bill for the relief of Aaron Fitzgerald;
A bill confirming certain land claims in the dis-
trict of St. Stephens, Alabama;
A bill for the relief of Andrew Armstrong;
A bill to create two additional land districts in
the State of Illinois, and two new land districts
north of said State, in the Territory now attached
to Michigan, which lies between Lake Michigan
and the Mississippi river;
The bill for the relief of James Fife, a Creek
Indian.
[Upon a proposition made by Mr. POINDEX-
TER to iiideliniiely postpone this bill, a debate
upon its merits occurred, in which Messrs. TIP-
TON, WHITE, MOORE, and FRRL IN GHUY-
SEN, advocated the bill; and Messrs. PRESTON,
POINDEXTER, and KING of Georgia, opposed
it.
The question on indefinite postponement was
negatived by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Black, Brown, Calhoun,
Hill, King of Alabama, King of Georgia, Leigh,
Mangum, Poindexter, Preston, Robbins, Wright
—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Bibb,Chambers,C!ay,
Frelinghuysen,Grundy,Hendricks,Kent,Knight,
Linn, McKean, Moore, Naudain, Porter, Pren-
tiss, Robinson, Shepley, Silsbee, Smith, South-
ard, Swift,Tallmadge, Tipton, Tomlinson, Wag-
gaman, White—26.]
The bill for the relief of the Mars Hill military-
road, in the State of Maine;
The bill for the relief of William Duer, John
Duer, and Beverly Robinson, trustees of the estate
of Sarah Alexander, deceased.
On motion of Mr. POINDEXTER, the Senate
proceeded to executive business; and, after re-
maining some time therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 14, 1834.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported a bill to carry into effect the con-
vention between the Government of the United
States and Spain; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. ARCHER, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of David Leslie; which
was read twice and committed.
Mr. LYON presented the following resolution;
which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House cause to
be prepared and printed as early as practicable, a
correct map of the northern boundary line of the
State of Ohio, as surveyed, marked, and designa-
ted under the act of Congress of the 30th May,
1832, together with so much of the northern part
ot that State and the State of Indiana, and also so
much of the southern portion of the Territory of
Michigan as may be necessary fully to understand
the question of boundary line now existing be-
tween Ohio and Michigan.
On motion of Mr. CONNOR, the Committee of
the Whole was discharged from the consideration
of a bill for the relief of the heirs of Leonard Hol-
ley, a soldier of the late war; which was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time to-day.
On motion of Mr. POLK, the Indian annuity
bill was, by consent, read a third time.
Mr. WILLIAMS remarked that he had in-
quired, while this bill was in Committee of the
Whole, with regard to the expenditure of $500,000
by the Indian bill of 1830, and was answered by
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means that it would be found in.
Mr. POLK said that he had been informed by
the Secretary of War that the whole of that sum
had been disbursed agreeably to law. Soon after
the inquiry was made, he found, by recurrence to
the printed documents, that the sum had been
accounted for, and at that time could have proba-
bly satisfied the gentleman by pointing out the
evidence on that subject; butat this time the books
were not at hand.
Mr. WILLIAMS said he would have been bet-
ter satisfied had the details of the disbursements
been shown.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. POLK moved lhat the Jlouse, by consent,
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, upon the remaining appropriation
bills.
Mr. W. R. DAVIS could not consent to make
any appropriation while the public moneys re-
mained in the illegal custody in which they were
now placed He would inquire of the chairman
of the committee whether any provision by law
was contemplated upon that subject?
Mr. POLK said hepioposed to go into commit-
tee generally. After the appropriation bill had
been gorre through with, he should propose to take
up the bill regulating the public deposites, now in
that committee.
The House then went into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Ghulson
in the chair.)
The bill making appropriations for fortifications
for 1834 was taken up on motion of Mr. POLK.
Mr. P. gave notice that, in the House, he should
move to reduce or strike out the appropriations for
