1834,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
46S
fai suspended as to peimit the bill regulating the
deposites to come up after two o'clock
1VI1 DENNY opposed the motion, and asked a
division oí the question, but wit! drew it.
Mi D caU^d for the yeas and nays, which
wcie oideied*
Mr E WHITTLESEY calledforadmsionof
the qu  tion
Mi J CI A t>\ MS mov<>d to amend the notion
so as to fix five o'clock instead of two o'clock.
He would be willing to sit till midnight upon the
deposite bill, but he thought, as this was the last
pennon day of the session, it was due to the
people to devote a part of it to the reception of
petitions
The amendment was lejectel without a diusion.
The quest'oo being then taken on thf mouon to
suspend the ru'es,it was determined intheaffnm
alive—yeas 127, nays Gl
The qaes ion being on the second branch of the
motion, o tike up the deposite bill at two o'clock,
Mr DENNY moved to amerd the motion by
substituting fe the deposite bill the bills relative
to harbors and fortifications.
Alter some discussion on the question of order,
Mr  DENNY withdrew the motion
The question being then taken on the motion to
take up the deposite bill at two o'clock, it was,
determined in the negative-—yeas 124, nays 65,
not two thuds
Mi MITCHELL.fromtheComnmteeonRev-
olutionary Pensions, reported a hill for the relief
of Joseph Swariwood.   Pead twice and referred.
Mi ¡SUTHERLAND moved to suspend the
íules, in ordei to lay on the table a memonal,
which was negatived.
Mr FILLMORE moved the suspension of the
mies, in older to move to postpone 'neconsidera-
tion of the memorials lying on the table, until after
the memorials weie irebented
The CIIAIPv decided that the motion was not
in order, the gentleman fiom Rhode Is'and [Mr
Peírce] being entuled to the floor on the last
petuion df<y
The resolutions heretofore presented by M1
BURGE3, from the lowei   hou„e of the Rhode
island Assembly, having come up in o der—
Mr PEARCE, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the House at length in reply to the
observations made by Mr. Buróes last week
Mi. EURGES addressed the House in anowei
to his colleague, and concluded by moving that the
lesolutions be lefeired to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, with instructions
to report a resolution declaring the -easons of the
Secretary of the Tieasuiy foriemoving the depos-
ites to be insufficient
Mr PEARCE ie]omed at le 'gO1, and after some
conlictine remarks between the two gentlemen—
Mi DCNNY moved to lay the pipers on the
table, which was agreed to
The resolutions heietofore presented by Mi.
YOUNG were, on his motion, laid on the table,
and oidered to be printed
The prior unfinished business (the harbor bill)
then came up.
The question was upon the aneodment moved
by Mi Mfrcer, investing 4-29,000 foi the ex-
penses of suiveys, the vote rejecting which was
reconsidered last week.
Mr SMITH opposed the amendment. It was
intended to provide by A tor $17,01)0, which had
already been expended
Mi POLK said the statement which had been
made on that sub|ect was incorrect, the correct
amount of airearages was {,7,003
After some debate, the question being taken by
yeas and nays on the motion to add $-29,000 for
surveys, it was decided in the affiimative—yeas
103, nays 87
Mr. M AR.SHALL withdrew the mot'on to lay
the billon the table, which had been cained some
days ago and reconsidered
Mr BEATTY movtd to amend, by appropri-
ating §25,000 for the improvement of the naviga-
tion oí Cumberland liver to the highest point of
steamboat navigation.
The question beina taken by yeas and nays,
was negatived—yeas So, nays 95
Mr ASHLEY moved to amend, by ipseitirg pn
appropriation of ¿100,000 foi improving the harooi
oí St Louis, in Missouri.
After some remarks from Messis POLK and
ASHLEY, the question was taken on the amend
ment, by yeas and nays, and decided in the nega-
tive: Yeas 72, nays 96
Mr. IiAWES moved to amend by inserting a
clause for the impiovement of the navigation of
Green river, and Big Beaver river, in the State of
Kentucky, ¿,25,000, whereupon he asked the yeas
and nays, which weie ordered
After some íemarks from Messrs. POLK,
HARDIN.CHILTON.TOMPKINS, and MER-
CER, the question was taken, and the amendment
was negatived.
Mr. DENNY moved to amend the bill by
inserting $25,000 for the improvement of the nav-
igation ot the Ohio r>ver between Louisvil'e and
Pittsbuig, to be commenced this year, under the
dnection of the Secretary of Wai.    Negatived
Mi EWING moved to insert an appropiiation
forimprov ng toe navigation of the Wabash river,
$20,000
Messrs KINNARD and EW1NG supported
the proposition; which was negatived—ayes 43
Mr CARR moved an amendment for improving
the navigation in the Indian Chute, through the
b alls of the Ohio, $20,000.
This amendment was negatived.
Mi CROCKETT moved to amend the bill by
inserting $30 000 foi lmpiovmg the navigation of
Hatchee, Foiked Deei, and Ooion rivers, to be
distributed equally to eaca, which was negatived
The amendment for improving the navigation
of Deep creek, near the Dismal Swamp canal,
^29,000, as amended by the addit.on of Mr Mer-
cei's amendment, appiopriatmg ^^jOOO for sur-
veys.
Mr HA WES demanded the yeas and nays,
which weie ordered
Messrs HUBB VRD, BEATTY, MERCER,
MAbON, SUTHERLAND, WISE, HA WES,
and FILLMORE, di&cussed this amendment at
length, when the question was taken and it was
earned—yeas 92, nays 82
Mr SfVIFR moved to amend the bill by
appropriating §30,000 for completing the naviga-
tion ot Aikansas nvei,  vvlneh was negviveu
Mi WATMOUGII moved an appiopnation of
¿10,000 for the eiecfon of piers m Delaware river,
which was negatived without a division
Mr WISE moved to lay the bill on the table;
on which he asked the yers and nays
The motion to lay on the table was lost—yeas
C6, nay"! 109
Mr SUTHERLAND now moved that the bill
be engrossed, which was canted
Tne bill hav mg been orde-ed to be read a third
time,
Mr P 'IRKS moved a call of the House, which
was negatived
Mr HA WES moved the House adjiurn, which
was negatived
The bill h ivin; baen lead a thud time,
Mr POLK called forthe yeas and nays, which
were ordeicd
The bill wis pacsed—yeas 107, nays 48
After various oilis fiom the Senate wereiead
the fiist and second tune, and referred to the
appropriate committees, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE
Tuesday, June 24, 1834
A message was received fiom the President of
the United States upon executive business, by Mr.
Do\elso\', his Private Secretary.
Mr MORRIS presented memonals from the
counties of HarHten, Wprren, Muskingum, Bel-
mont, and Columbiana, Ohio, approving of the
course of the Administration, and opposed to the
recharter of the Bank of the United States or the
restoiat on of the deposites to that institution
The memouals we-e refeired to the Committee
on Finance, and oideied to be printed.
Mr TOML1NSON piesented the petit.on of
sixteen hundred citizens of Windham.county,
Connecticut, in favoi of a restoration of the de
posites,and tbeiechart°rof the Bank of the United
States, which obtained the same reference and
older
Mr TOMLINSONalso presented the proceed-
ings of a meeting of the same county, of a simi'ar
chaiacter.
Mr. HILL moved that the Senate take up for
consideiation the resolutions from New Hamp-
shire, which weie laid on the table yesterday.
After some íemarks upon a point of order, in
which Messrs. BENTON, CLAY, CLAYTON,
HILL, and EW1NG, participated,
Mr HILL asked the yeas and nays upon taking
up the resolutions, which wereordered,and areas
follows, to wit-
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Forsyth,
Grundy, Hendricks, Hill, Kane, King of Ala-
bama, King of Georgia, Leigh, Linn, Morns,
Robinson, Shepley, Tallmadge, White, Wilkms,
Wright—18
NAYS—Messrs Bibb, Calhoun, Chambers,
Clay, Clayton, Ewmg, Frehnghuysen, Kent,
Knight, Mangum, Moore, Naudam, Pomdexter,
Poller,Premiss,Preston, Robbins,SiIsbee,Smith,
Southard, Spiague, Swift, Tomhnson, Tyler,
Waggaman, Webster—26
Mi BROWN, from the Committee on Claims,
wished to be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition of William Duncan, which
was agreed to
Mr HILL, from the Committee on Revolution-
aiy Claims, made a íeport upon the petition of
Pizarro Herbeit, and others, favorable to the me-
moimlists.
Mr CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judicialy, repoited a bill from the House without
amendment, repealing certain acts of the Legisla-
tive Council of Florida.
Mi POINDEXTER'S resolution, authorizing
the Committee on Public Lands to pursue their
investigation into alleged frauds, was taken up and
considered, when
Mr. WRIGHT offered an amendment, the sub-
stance of which was, that the persons implicated
should have due and timely notice, so as to enable
them to cornadict and rebut the charges made
against them.
The resolut.on and amendment were then or-
dered to be printed
Mr SILSBEE submitted the following resolu-
tion .
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to repoit to the Sena'e, at the commence-
ment of the next session of Congress, the amount
of revenue collected, and the amount of tonnage
entered, at each of the custom-houses of the Uní1
ted States, the amount and rate of commissions
charged by each of the collectors on the revenue
collected by him, and the amount of fees received
at each of the custom-houses for each of the two
last yeais. Also, the number of officers of every
description employed at each of the custom-houses;
the amount of emoluments of every kind received
by each of those officers, and the expenses inci-
dent to their respective offices, for each of the two
last yeais, stating whether such emoluments arise
fiom commissions, salaues, or fees, and how
much from each of those sources, and stating,
also, whether any, and, if any, such of these
offices, or officers, as may be dispensed with
without injury to the public service.
The following íesolution, submitted by Mr.
SOD THARD, was agreed to.
Resolved, That, for the balance of the session,
the Senate will convene at ten o'clock, and take a
recess from two to four o'clock.
Seve'al private bills were received from the
House, and referred to the appropriate commit-
tees, when
Mr WILKINS moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideiation of executive business, which
was agreed to
After some time spent with closed doors,
The Senate ad.ourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 24, 1834
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Clerk of the House, stating that the digest
of the returns of State banks, required by a reso-
'ution of the House, had b en prepared, so far as
the means had come into his possession.
Mi   WILDE sa>d, he had examined the work
I! m  the course of its progress, and was satisfied
I that a contained information of the greatest im-
i poi mice relative to the institutions to which it
i  i eferred
