472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year 1834
On motion of Mr. FORSYTH, the memorial of
certain Cherokee Indian chiefs was ordered to be
printed.
A message upon executive business was re-
ceived from the President of the United States, by
Mr. Donelson, his Private Secretary.
Mi. WRIGHT moved that the Senate adjourn,
which was agreed to.
The Senate, at eight o'c'ock, adjourned
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 25, 1834
On motion of Mr. E WHITTLESEY.it was
ordered that, foi the remainder of the session, the
House meet at ten o'clock, a. m , and take a
recess from two to four o'clock.
Messrs VANCE, CHILTON, and PARKS
obtained leave to present petitions
The SPEAKER laid before the House the com-
munications fiom the Secietary of the Treasury,
covering documents relative to the Mint, and in
reply to a resolution of the House, showing the
amount of proceeds of sales of lands included in"
the Louisiana purchase, which were laid on the
table and ordered to be punted.
Mr E EVERETT, from the Joint Committee
on the Library, reported a bill making provision
for the purchase of the fac simile of Washington's
accounts, read twice and committed
Mr THOMAS, of Maryland, submitted a res-
olution setting apart Friday next and each succeed-
ing day of the session thereafter, till the subject
was concluded, for the consideration of the report
of the committee appointed to investigate the
affairs of the Bank of the United States
Mr WATMOUGH demanded the question on
the consideration of the resolution
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the consideration of the resolution, it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 95, nays 65.
Mr WIDLE proposed that, if the question
should be taken up, the House should go into the
Committee of the Whole upon it, m order that a
full discussion might be had.
Mr ELLSWORTH was opposed (he said) to
the resolution, if it was intended, after a partial
discussion, to arrive at a conclusion by means of
the previous question
Mi. MILLER moved the orders of the day.
Mr H EVERETT moved that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the special order of
the day—the Indian bills
Mr TITO VÍAS requested the gentleman to sus-
pend his motion, as it was highly important that
the House should know whether the subject was
to come up oi not.
Mr. EVERETT felt bound (he said) to persist
in his motion
Mr CLAYTON asked permission of the House
to make a report from the Committee on Retrench-
ment.
Leave being granted, Mr. C reported a resolu-
tion granting leave to three of the members of the
committee to continue their investigations during
the recess, and report to the House at the next
session.
The resolution and report were ordered to be
printed.
On motion of Mr. H EVERETT, the House
then resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wilde in
the chair,) and took up for consideration the bill
to provide for the organization of the Indian de-
partment
Tne bill having been read by sections, and
amended m some unimportant particulars, was
laid aside to be reported.
The House then proceeded to consider the bill
to regulate trade and intercourse with the Indian
tribes, and to preserve peace on the frontiers.
The bill having been read by sections—
Mr. GARLAND moved to strike out the words
"Indian agent or sub-agent," in the second sec-
tion, so that the Superintendent of Indian Affairs
shall alone be authorized to issue licenses to per-
sons to trade with the Indians.
After a few words from Messis EVERETT
and ASHLEY, the amendment was agreed to       !
Various amendments were proposed to the bill
by Mi. EVERETT, which were adopted, and the
bill was laid aside
The comm.ttee then took up the bill to provide
for the estabhsnment of the Western Territory,
and for the security and protection of the emigrant
and other Indian tribes therein.
After the bill had been gone through with, and
various minor amendments made,
Mr J. Q, ADAMS said, this was a very extra-
ordinary bill. We often had constitutional objec
tions raised to bills, but ne had never seen a bill
winch would give occasion to a grea'er "number
He would be glad to leain where the committee
propose to find power to authorize Congiess to
erecta government of Indians, and give them the
privilege of sending a delegate to this House.
Mr H EVERETT said, the objections sug-
gested had not escaped tne attention of the com-
mittee He did not propose going into the discus-
sion here, but would defer it till the bill came into
the House The express power given to regulate
intercourse with the Indian tribes, and to manage
the public lands, was believed by the committee
to cover the whole provision1! of this bill
On motion of Mi EVERETT, the committee
rose and leported the three bills to the House
The amendments of the b.U providing for the
organization of the Department of Indian Affairs
weie concurred in, and the bill ordered to be en-
grossed.
The amendments to thebill to regulate trade and
intercourse with the Indian tribes, and to preserve
peace on the frontiers, were all concurred in, ex
ceptmg that sinking out "agentorsub agent,"in
connexion with the power of granting licenses to
trade with the Indians, which was so amended, on
motion of Mr. GILMER, as to leave "agents"
in the bill.
Mr ASHLEY moved that the twenty ninth
section, providing for the appointment of com-
missioners to make treaties with the Indians, be
stricken out.
Mr. A. contended that the Indian agents were
the most suitable persons to negotiate treaties,
and the appointment of commissioners was totally
unnecessaiy
Mr H EVERETT said the argument would
have been forcible, were it not the fact that we
had no treaties or agents with several tribes with
whom it might become expedient to open intei-
course.
After a few remarks of Mr. ASHLEY,
Mi. WAYNE thought that experience had
shown the propriety of continuing this section m
the bill. The piesence of the Indian agent has
sometimes been an obstacle to a treaty He wna
willing to adopt any provision, to prevent this
contingent power fiom being a souice of conupt
or impropei patronage, but unless the section was
letamed, occasions would undoubtedly arise where
it would be necessary to give the power in each
particult.1 case
Mr WILLIAMS supported the proposition to
strike out If it was necessary to ask for an
appiopnation to hold a treaty, power could be
given to appoint commiss'oners
Mr WAYNE said it sometimes happened that
the negotiations were, of rectssity, in advance of
the appropriation
Mr EVERETT would not insist on retaining
the section in the bill
The secnon was struck out without a division
After a modification at the instance of Mr FILL-
MORE, the bill was ordered to be engrossed
Ihe bill providing for the establishment of the
Western Territory, &c , came up on the amend-
ments reported from the committee, which were
concurred in
Mr WILLIAMS moved that the House take
a recess till half past four o'clock A quoium
not having voted,
Mr DAVENPORT moved a call of the House,
which was negatived
The motion for a íecess was then earned
EVENING SESSION
The bill piovidmg for the establishment of the
Western Territory, &e , being before the House,
on the question of engrossment,
Mi H EVERETT said, he perhaps attached
more importance to the bill than other members,
but he regarded it as of the highest consequence.
The object of the committee had been to provide
ample protection for the Indians, and the commit-
tee supposed it had been done m a manner satis-
factory to the Indians themselves, and in the only
efficient manner. Mr. E went into a detailed
explanation of the several provisions of the bill in
leply to the remarks of Mr Viniuv. Mi E also
expressed his opinion upon the constitutionality of
the provisionsof the bill in íeply to the doubt sug-
gested by Mr. J. Q.. Adams in Committee of the
Whole
Mr ADAMS thought the consideration of the
bill should be postponed till the next session It
was one of the most lmpouant measures which
had been brought up duimg the present session.
He would acknowledge that his attention had been
so much devoted to subjects of ¡ess moment, that
he had neither read the bill oi report until to day.
It was not only proposed to place our relations
with the Indians upon an entirely new footing, but
it looked forward to admitting tins Terntoiy into
the Union
He believed Congress had no power to pass a
bill containing such provisions as aie found in this
bill It stood on giounds entirely distinct from
our laws i elating to Territones ¡No authonty
cou'd be found foi admittmga Terntoiy containing
an Indian population exclusively into the Union.
Another important consideration was, that the
whole bill proposes to divest Congress of all power
ovei the regulation of this Tei utor}J,and to lians-
fer it to the President of the United States Mr
A went into a detailed commentary upon thesev-
eial provisions of the bill Mi A conciudea by
moving to lay the bill on the table, but immedi-
ately withdrew it
Mr GILMER believed, from the course of the
argumentadopted by the gentleman, [Mi Adams,]
that he had entirely misunderstood the provisions
of the bill. He contended theie was nothing
in the bill which referred to the admission of a
Territory, inhabited by an Indian population, into
the Union. The expressions n the bill only went
to secure to the Indians their title to then lands.
Mr G went into an explanation of the other pro-
visions contained in the bill oojected to by Mr.
Adams
Mi. ARCHER considered the bill as one of
such momentous character that it ought not to be
' hasuly acted upon He did not think that, at thi3
| late sta^e of the session, the bill ought to have
been taken up He opposed the bill, not, he said,
because it establisied an «dependent Indian gov-
ernment in the Te.iitorj of the United States, but
because it established a military despotism, under
the authority of the United Siaies, within the tern-
toiy which we guaranty to the indnns At the
very time that we propose to piotect them and
respect their rights, we subject them to a procon-
s liar government The bill professes to call the
government a territorial government of the U nted
States Had it not, then, at a proper time, tnd
under proper circumstances, a right to demand
admission irto the Uinon'
Mr  TiLLMORl, suggested peveral oljections
to the bill     But he hoped it would be amended so
as to iendei it less objectionable     Heantiupated
¡ no  difficulty fiom seeing a Repiesentative from
that Territory on mis floor.
Mr WILLIAMS perceivirg, he said, that this
bill would occasion mucn debate, moved to lay it
on the table, which was agieed to
On motion of Mr H EVERETT, the House
resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole (Mr
Casey in the chair) on the bill to cirry into effect
the 4th art cle of the treaty of 1821 between the
United States and the Creek Indians
The bill was reported, without amendment, and
the question being on l's engiossment,
Mr WILDE explained the provisions of the
bill The object of it was to indemnify citizens
of Georgia for Indian depredations committed
upon them
Mr J a  ADAMS asked the gentleman from
Georgia, who last add íessed the House, how many-
times these claims had been paid for.
Mr  WILDE.    Never
Mi ADAMS said he was not entirely satisfied
with that answer He wished to know how often
the Government has, after a full examination, set-
tled these claims    They were old acquaintances
