•474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
Mr. SHEPLEY proposed an amendment stri-
king out an appropriation for the costs expended
by Mr. Ringgold in a suit in the Supreme Court of
the United States; upon which the yeas and nays
were ordered, and are as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bibb, Black, Ewing, Forsyth,
Grundy, Hendricks, Hill, King of Alabama, King
of Georgia, Leigh, Mangum, Morris, Preston,
Robinson, Shepley, Swift, Tallmadge, Tomlin-
son, Tyler, Webster, White, and Wright—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Chambers, Clay, Clayton,
Kent, Knight, Poindexter, Porter, Robbings,
Southard, and Tipton—10.-*
The bill, a8"~amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
Mr. BLACK made an unsuccessful motion to
adjourn.
On motion of Mr. HENDRICKS, the Senate
took up the bill to enable the people of the eastern
division of the Territory of Michigan to form a
constitution and State government, and for the
admission of such State into the Union on an
equal footing with the original States.
But, without making any progress therein,
On motion of Mr. CLAY, at 8'oclock,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 26, 1834.
The SPEAKER laid, before the House a com-
munication from the First Comptroller of the
Treasury, with a list of balances, m conformity to
law.
Mr. F. THOMAS, by consent, «presented va-
rious petitions and memorials; which were re-
ferred.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee of Ways and
Mean!, reported the general appropriation bill, as
amended by the Senate, with a recommendation
that the House concur in all amendments except-
ing some two or three which were specified. The
bill, as amended, was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on Manu-
factures, reported, in relation to the resolution of
the Legislature of Vermont, that the subject be
postponed to the next session.
On motion of Mr. ELLSWORTH, the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary was discharged from all
subjects before them, which had not been acted on.
Mr. CLAY moved that the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands be discharged from all the subjects be-
fore them which had not been reported on; which
was agreed to.
Mr. CONNOR, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported the following res-
olution; which was adopted:
Resolved, That a committee be appointed to ex-
amine the condition and proceedings of the Post
Office Department, with power to send for persons
and papers, and to take the depositions of wit-
nesses either by personal examination, or on com-
mission, with permission to sit in the recess of
Congress, and to report at the next session.
The question was taken upon the number seven
for the committee; which was negatived.
It was then ordered that the select committee
consist of five persons.
Mr. CHINN moved to suspend the rules, in
order that several bills relating to the District of
Columbia be taken up.
Mr. POLK hoped the House would first take
up the appropriation bills, which remained undis-
. posed of, which must, by the rules, be sent to the
Senate to-day.
The question being stated on Mr. Ciunn's mo-
tion—
Mr. MERCER moved so to amend it as to in-
clude the bill relative to the construction of the
Washington bridge.
Mr. MERCER'S amendment was adopted.
The question was then taken on Mr. Chinn's
motion as amended, and it was negatived.
Mr. POLK moved to suspend the rules, in or-
der to proceed directly to take up the appropria-
tion bills.
Mr. C. P. WHITE moved to amend the mo-
tion by adding the bill reported by the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
The question was then taken on Mr. Polk's
motion; which was carried.
The House then, on motion of Mr. POLK,
went into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of taking up the bill
making appropriation for Indian annuities, and
the general appropriation bill, (Mr. Speight in
the chair.)
The Indian annuity bill was read in committee.
Mr. POLK explained the provisions of the bill.
Its object was to carry into effect sundry treaties
which had been ratified by the Senate during the
present session. The items were made in accord-
ance with the treaties which he had in his posses-
sion, and if any objection was made, he would
refer to the provisions. An estimate had been made
for certain objects not embraced in the present
bill, but were included in one before the Senate,
which, for the purpose of facilitating a decision
upon it, he now moved as an amendment to this
bill.
The various items of this amendment were read.
Mr. POLK went into an explanation of some
of the items, particularly that of $139,000 for the
Cherokee improvement, abandoned under treaty,
which had been recently valued in pursuance of
its provisions. He did not propose to detain the
House, unless explanation in detail was desired
by any gentleman.
Mr. E.WHITTLESEY desired an explanation
of the last item in the amendment, being $450 to
pay certain counsel fees in the case of Brunette
against Street and Kearny,
Which was given by Mr. POLK.
The question was taken on striking out the
item; which was agreed to without a division.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Polk was
then adopted.
Mr. McKlNLEY moved an amendment, pro-
viding for the expense of holding certain treaties,
&c, with Indians. After a brief explanation by
Mr. McK.,
Mr. WILLIAMS called for a division of the
question.
The various items were adopted, excepting that
appropiiating |3,400 for the expenses of a treaty
with eight delegates from the Cherokee nation in
June, 1834
Mr. WILLIAMS contended that it was irreg-
ular to call forappropriation for a treaty not before
the House. He wished to learn with which of
the delegations th* treaty had been made.
Mr. McKlNLEY said there were two delega-
tions from the Cherokees—one from the east, and
the other west of the Mississippi. A treaty had
been made with those from east of the Mississippi.
It was not proposed to appropriate money to carry
the treaty into effect, but simply to pay the dele-
gates, in conformity with the invariable practice
of the Government for their expenses.
Mr. WILLI AM S did not wish to be understood
as opposing any Indian treaty; but being of opin-
ion thut the delegates werenot authorized to make
the treaty, he should not vote in favor of appro-
priation for that object.
Mr. McKlNLEY said the Government were
bound to pay the delegates. The questions arising
upon the treaty were not before the House.
The amendments were then adopted.
Mr. WHITTLESEY said that since the item
relative to the counsel fees in the case of Brunette
and Kearny and Street had been struck out, he
had examined the report of the Committee of
Claims more fully, and found that a bill was re-
ported to indemnify them for the judgment, but it
did not appear that counsel fees were provided for.
He proposed to refer that subject to the Secretary
of War, and proposed an amendment to that effect;
which was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside.
On motion of Mr. POLK, the committee then
took up for consideration the bill making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
Government for the year 1834.
The amendments of the Senate were read and
agreed to, with the exception of the amendment
in relation to the compensation of the judges in
Florida; which was disagreed to.
On motion of Mr. POLK, ¡he bill was amended
so as to add §35,000 to the appropriation for the
contingent fund of the House.
The bills were then reported to the House with
the amendments.
The House took up " the bill making appropria-
tions for carrying into effect certain Indian trea-
ties and for other purposes;"and, the amendments
being concurred in, the bill was passed.
The House then took up the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill; and the question being
on concurring in the amendment relative to the
emoluments of the collectors, &c, some discussion
took place; after which the amendment was con-
curred in.
The amendment relative to the publication of the
Diplomatic Correspondence was concurred in.
The amendment providing that no bank notes
should be received under this bill, except those
which are of par value at the place where they are
paid, was objected to by Mr. McKlNLEY, and
supported by Mr. DENNY, when it was con-
curred in.
The amendment authorizing the payment to E.
R. Potter of mileage and pay as a member, for
each day's actual attendance, preceding the decis-
ion of the Senate on the election contested by him,
was opposed by Mr. McKlNLEY, and supported
by Messrs. PEARCE of Rhode Island, ADAMS
of Massachusetts, and BURGES, when the ques-
tion being taken by yeas and nays, the amend-
ment was concurred in—yeas 88, nays 56*.
The amendment increasing the contingent fund
of the House was concurred in.
All the other amendments were concurred in.
The House then took a recess till four o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
Several bills from the Senate were referred to the
appropriate committees.
The House then went into Committee of the
Whole on various bills, which having been gone
through with, were reported to the House.
Various bills from the Senate were read twice,
and referred to the appropriate committees.
The bill to provide for the organization of the
department of Indian affairs was read a third time
and passed.
The bill to regulate trade and intercourse with
Indian tribes, and to preserve peace on the fron-
tier, was read a third time and'passed.
The bill providing for the payment of certain
claims of citizens of Georgia against the Creek
Indians, was read a third time.
Mr. J. a. ADAMS wished to make a few
remarks; but it was so late, and the House so
thin, it seemed to him most proper to adjourn.
The motion was negatived.
Mr. ADAMS said the allowance of interest in
this bill was precisely the principle which was
vetoed by the President, in the bill giving interest
to the States for advances during the war. If the
bill passed both Houses, it could not receive the
signature of the President. He wished to make
some observations on the bill,and moved its post-
ponement till to-morrow; on which the question
Was taken; but no quorum voting,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 27, 1834.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a commu-
nication from the Department of State, in com-
pliance with the resolution of the Senate of the
26th February, 1833, in reference to the classifica-
tion of the inhabitants of the United States, show-
ing the proportion of whites to blacks, and also a
response in part to the resolution of the 28th of
March, 1834, of a similar chaiacter.
On motion of Mr. BIBB, three thousand copies
were ordered to be printed.
Mr. KNIGHT presented a resolution allowing
extra compensation to some of the ofHeers of the
Senate; which was considered and adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the memo-
rial of Mountjoy Bayly.    Read and referred.
Mr. NAUDAlN.from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of John E. Plies.
Mr. NAUDAIN, from the same committee,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of business referred to them, and not acted
upon; which was agreed to.
The bill from the House granting pensions to
the representatives of the French sailors, killed
at Toulon, was amended, passed, and sent to the
House for concurrence.
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, the orders were
