476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
The bill, on motion of Mr. WEBSTER, re-
ceived its several readings, and was passed.
The following bills were read a third time, and
passed:
A bill for the relief of Terence Le Blanc;
A bill for the relief of William Weedon;
A bill for the relief of Jeremiah Worsham;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of John Thompson, jr , late of Louisiana,
A bill for the relief of Samuel Gibbs's heirs;
A bill granting pensions to certain persons
therein named,
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Arnold Henry
Dohrman,
A bill foi the relief of Elijah Lincoln;
A bill for the íeliefof Marguerite Baron, widow
of J  P Ledoux,
A bill for the relief of George Douglass and
others;
A bill further to provide for the location of cer-
tain land claims in the Territory of Arkansas,
A bill for the lehef of Asel Wilkinson,
A bill in reference to preemption rights in the
southeastern district of Louisiana;
A bill for the relief of the íepresentaUves of B.
Bird and G Pomeroy;
A bill for the relief of B Jacobs and S. Bayard,
surviving executors of John Bayard, deceased, and
of the executors of Joseph Falconei, deceased;
A bill confirming the title of Samuel Vail in a
certain tract of land in the parish of East Baton
Rouge;
A bill for the relief of John Allen,
A bill for the relief of John Winslett,
A bill for the telief of Frederick Raymer;
A bill for the relief of George Elliot; and
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Walter Livingston, deceased.
GOLD BILL.
On motion of Mr WEBSTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill regulating
the value of the gold coins of the United States
After some debate the question was taken on
ordering the bill to be engiossed for a third read-
ing, and determined in the aifirmative by the fol-
lowing vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Bibb, Black, Brown,
Calhoun, Ewing, Frehnghuysen, Grundy, Hen-
dricks, Hill, Kane, Kent, King of Alabama,
King of Geoigia, Leigh, Linn, Mangum, Morris,
Poindexter, Prentiss, Preston, Robbms, Robin-
son, Shepley, Smith, Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton,
Tomltnson, Tyler, Waggaman, Webster, White,
Wilkins, Wught—35.      .
NAYS —Messrs. Chambers, Clay, Knight,
Porter, Silsbee, Southard, Sprague—7.
The bill was then read a third time and passed.
The Senate took up for consideration the bill
regulating the value of certain foreign gold coins
within the United States. The bill, after under-
going some immaterial amendments, was ordered
to be engrossed; and was then read a third time
and passed.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate having assembled, after the recess,
and the VICE PRESIDENT having left the
chair,
Mr. WEBSTER moved that the Senate proceed
to the choice of a President pro tern
The motion was agreed to; and on the third
ballot, Mr Poindexter, having received a ma-
jouty of the whole number of votes given, was
declared duly elected President pro tan , and
having been accompanied to the chair by Mr.
Chambers, made his acknowledgment for the
honor conferred upon him.
A message was then received from the Presi-
dent of the United States by Mr. Donelson, his
Private Secretary
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, from the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, reported the bill from the
House, to preserve peace on the frontiers, and to
regulate intercourse with the Indian tribes, with
two amendments
_   Also, the bill from the House, to provide for a
department of Indian affairs, with an amendment.
Mr WILKÍNS, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, reported the bill authorizing the
Secretary of State to purchase the books and pa-
pers of General Washington; which, on his motion,
was taken up, considered, ordered to be engrossed,
and then read a third time and passed
The amendments of the House to the bill repeal-
ing the duties upon certain articles of hardware,
were concurred in.
Mr. CHAMBERS, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported a bill from the
House making appropriation for the public build-
ings and grounds, and for other purposes, with
amendments, and, on his motion, the Senate
adopted the amendments; when the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The following bills were considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and ordered to a third read-
ing, and having been so read, were passed.
A bill granting pensions to certain persons
therein named,
A bill for the relief of Horatio N, Crabb;
A bill for the relief of John G  Reynolds;
A bill making certain allowances and granting
certain arrearages to the captains and subalterns of
the United States corps of Marines;
A bill for the íehef of Robert Reynolds;
A bill for the telief of Henry Sewall and Robert
Sewall,       ■*
A bill granting pensions to persons therein
named, [Francis Jacobs and others,]
A bill for the relief of George Bowen,
A bill for the relief of Henry Whitney;
A bill for the relief of Jonathan Walton and
John J  De Graff;
A bill for the relief of Alexander J  Robinson;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of James Brown,
A bill for the relief of Antoine Cruzat;
A bill for the benefit of the heirs-at-law of the
representatives of William G. Christopher, de-
ceased ;
A bill for the relief of William Enos, of Arkansas,
A bill for the relief of William K. Paulhng,
A bill for the relief of William Haslett,
A bill for the relief of Margaret Riker;
A bill for the relief of sundry citizens of the
United States, who have lost property by the dep-
redations of certain Indian tribes, and
A bill for the relief of Buller Claiborne, de-
ceased.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, the Senate took
up for consideration the bill makingappropriations
for certain fortifications within the United States
for the year 1834.
Mr BENTON, in pursuance of the instructions
of the Military Committee, submitted an amend-
ment, appropriating $107,040 for finishing towers,
barracks, and storehouses, at New Orleans, for
the use of the United States troops; which was
agreed to; after which the bill was ordered to be
engrossed. It was then read a third time and
passed.
The following bills were read a third time-and
passed:
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Thomas Wal-
lace, deceased
A bill for the relief of John C  Naylor;
A bill for the relief of Judith Thomas and Dan-
iel Palmer;
A bill for the relief of Samuel D Walker;
A bill for the relief of Stephen Kingston,
A bill for the relief of the widows of William B.
Dohber and other owners, and the heirs of the
crew of the schooner Mary and Hannah,
A bill for the relief of Francois Suzone,
A bill making appropriations for certain fortifi-
cations for the year 1834,
A bill for the relief of Thomas Minor;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
George Hurlbut, deceased;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Joseph Torry, deceased;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Everaid Meade, deceased;
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of John Taylor, deceased, and
A bill for the relief of Lieutenant Robert Wil-
mot.
Mr CHAMBERS,from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported the bill to construct
a bridge over the river Potomac at the city of
Washington, and to repeal all other acts in rela-
tion thereto, which he moved that the Senate pro-
ceed forthwith to considei     Agreed to.
After an amendment offered by Mr. Wright,
providing for the adjustment of the expenditures
of Mr Dibble, a contractor under the law of last
session, the bill was passed on its third reading.
Mr. WILKINS, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, reported the bill to carry into effect
the convention between the United States and
Spain, with amendments, which he moved that
the Senate consider forthwith.    Agreed to.
Mr. WHITE moved to lay the bill on the table
till the next session, which was agreed to.
Mi. CLAY moved to reconsider the vote indefi-
nitely postponing the bill making appropriations
to light-houses, beacons, &c ; which was agreed
to The biU was then recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Commerce
The bill from the House concerning tonnage
duty on Spanish vessels was read a first time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce, on mo-
tion of Mr PRESTON.
The following bills were read a third time, and
passed:
A bill for the relief of Ephraim Crane,
A bill for the relief of Ann Mortimer Barron;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of John M  Gregory,
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Hannah
Douglass, and others,
A bill for the relief of John Emerson; and
A bill for the relief of Ephraim Whitaker, an
officer of the Revolution, and a subaltern of Bar-
ton at the capture of General Prescott.
On motion of Mr. SWIFT, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill to establish the department of
Indian affairs, as in Committee of the Whole
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a thud
reading, and, by unanimous consent, was read a
third time and passed
A bill for the relief of John Bruce W8S consid-
ered, ordered to be engrossed, and read a thud
time and passed.
Several bills were received, from the House with
slight amendments; which were agreed to.
A bill for the relief of the Polish exiles, with an
amendment by the House, taking away the gratu-
ity in the Senate's bill, was disagreed to on that
account.
The Senate, at eleven o'clock, proceeded to the
consideration of executive business, and after re-
maining some time therein,
Adjourned until mneo'cloek, Monday morning.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Jwne 28, 1834
Mr. POLK moved to suspend the rules, to en-
able him to offer a joint resolution suspending the
operation of the 16th joint rule of the two Houses,
which prohibits the sending bills from one to the
other during the three last days of the session, so
far as to permit the sending of those bills which
had already been passed by the House.
The suspension was agreed to; and after some
remarks fiom Messrs. SELDEN, POLK, E.
WHITTLESEY.J Q, ADAMS,andHAWES,
the resolution was adopted.
Mr. R. M. JOHNSON asked the consent of
the House to submit a vote of thanks to the late
Speaker Stevenson.
Mr. CROCKETT objected.
Mr. JOHNSON moved the suspension of the
rules, to enable the resolution to be submitted
Mr. BURGES called foi the yeas and nays;
which were ordered
The motion to suspend was lost—yeas 89, naya
49, (not two-thirds )
The joint resolution of the House relative to the
suspension of the joint rules respecting sending
bills between the two Houses, as amended by the
Senate, came up for concurrence and was agreed to.
The bill relinquishing the right of the United
States to certain reservations, was read a third time
and passed.
The bill authorizing the heirs and representa-
tives of James Latham, deceased, to withdraw and
relocate a land warrant, was read a third time
and passed
The bill to authorize a suit of error in certain
cases relating to patent rights, to the Supreme
Court of the United States, was read a third time.
