
strength, move on Winchester over a road that presents no very strong defensive positions.

If this place is to be held by us, our true policy, in my opinion, is to attack the enemy in his present position before he receives additional re-enforcements, and especially never to permit a junction of their forces at or near Martinsburg.

There is reason to believe that the recent break in Dam Numbers 5 will destroy any vestiges of hope that might have been entertained of applying Washington with Cumberland coal by the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal, and consequently their only prospect of procuring that coal must be the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and for this purpose near 25 miles of track west of Harper's Ferry must first be railed, and this can be done under a much smaller protecting force stationed at Winchester than would be required if distributed along the railroad, and consequently I must anticipate an attempted occupation of this place by the enemy. My present force of 7,500 volunteers, 2,234 militia, and 664 (McDonald's) cavalry is insufficient for defending my position.

General Loring has arrived. He states that the Secretary of War left it optional with him whether to bring his troops from the Montrey line or not, and he has decided not to bring any more of these troops here..

I have given the subject much thought, and as the enemy appears to be continually receiving accessions, and as I may receive no more, it appears to me that my best plan is to attack him at he earliest practicable moment, and accordingly, as soon as the inspection of General Loring's shall be finished and the necessary munitions of war procured, I except to march on the enemy, unless I receive orders to the contrary..

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General, Commanding Valley District.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT, Winchester, Va., December 24, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter of December 21 I have to state that on inquiry I learn from General Loring that there is no company of Colonel Moore's regiment in Colonel Gilham's regiment. The regiments now here from Western Virginia are: The Twenty-third Virginia, aggregate 517; Thirty-seventh Virginia, aggregate 846; First Georgia, aggregate 918; Third Arkansas, aggregate 756.

I do not know the names and strength of the other regiments ordered here. As soon as I learn them I will report to you.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT, Winchester, Va., December 24, 1861.

Major THOMAS G. RHETT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Department of Northern Virginia:

MAJOR: Brigadier General W. W. Loring informs me that, in his opinion, the Secretary of War designs his command to continue to be known as

