
the command of Colonel Johnson, should be immediately sent direct to Moorefield, so as to form a junction with his troops when desired. The enemy is doing a great deal of mischief in Hampshire County, and should be driven out as soon as possible, or captured, if convenient. Jackson mentioned that he had written a letter directed to the Adjutant-General, requesting these troops on the Alleghany to be sent to Moorefield on the 23rd instant, in which his wishes are fully set out. Having called frequently at your department on business, and observed with pleasure your promptness in attending to all calls, I, with the approbation of General Jackson, write to you to request that you will look at General Jackson's letter of the 23rd, and, if advisable, adopt his recommendations. Here at Romney the enemy is concentrating all his forces from Western Virginia, leaving, as I am informed, very few troops on Cheat Mountain. Let us without delay meet them with our western forces..

I hope the deep interest I feel in this matter will be sufficient apology form my writing this letter.

With much respect, I am, yours, &amp;c.,

T. S. HAYMOND.

RICHMOND, VA., December 26, 1861.

General JOHN B. FLOYD, Dublin Station, Va.:

Captain R. G. Banks, quartermaster, left here yesterday with funds to pay off your command.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

ABINGDON, VA., December 27, 1861.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant-General C. S. Army:

DEAR SIR: I stopped a train to start the regiment of cavalry, which will leave the moment transportation can be gotten. I find a regiment of Virginia volunteers (the Fifty-sixth, Colonel Stuart) encamped near here, under orders, as I hear, for Pound Gap, awaiting transportation, which is slow and difficult to procure. It occurred to me that if the condition of things as represent here was know to the Department the Secretary might order this regiment probably to Bowling Green. If General Marshall is at Paintville, near Prestonburg, Ky., with his command, no force of any consequence can march upon Pound Gap without leaving General Marshall in its rear. A small force holding the gap would be amply sufficient against any band of marauders likely to advance in that direction. This regiment would be a good and efficient one, I judge, for service at Bowling Green. My command is moving well on, and with all possible speed we will be with General Johnston..

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[Indorsement.]

DECEMBER 30, 1861.

Respectfully submitted to Secretary of War. Colonel Deas left here this morning for Abingdon, to inspect and hasten forward this regiment

64 R R-VOL V

