
(Fifty-sixth Virginia) and that of Colonel Moore to General Marshall's command, whither they were ordered some time since.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, December 27, 1861.

Mr. Macfarland had the honor to call at the office of Honorable Mr. Benjamin to submit to him the inclosed letter from Mr. Price, a leading citizen of Greenbrier. From information from other sources there is no doubt the people of the country are apprehensive of another inroad, which is inevitable except it be prevented.

Mr. Macfarland will be obliged to Honorable Mr. Benjamin to be enabled to say to Mr. Price that due provision is made for the defense of the country.

[Inclosure.]

LEWISBURG, December 21, 1861.

WM. H. MACFARLAND, Esq.:

MY DEAR SIR: When I was in Richmond I called on the Secretary of War, and remonstrated against the withdrawal of all the troops from the Greenbrier country. The Secretary regarded the idea of an invasion by the Federal Army during the winter as absurd, upon the ground that it could not travel here on account of the badness of the roads, nor subsist if even it could reach here. He, hoverer, said that he would "leave," "keep," or "send" here-I do not know which word he used-a sufficient mounted force to keep off raids if attempted by a force of from 20 to 100 persons. When I returned home I hound the troops all leaving, and they finally all went away, not leaving a single man. You may under this state of circumstances imagine our intense concern-an army of several thousand at Gauley Bridge and 1,000 at Nicholas Court-House able and ready to approach us, without the means on our part of the slightest resistance. The secretary had failed to "leave" or "send" a single man here, thereby making the impression upon the minds of many of our people that we were intentionally given up to the tender mercies of the enemy, but wherefore no one could tell. On Tuesday evening last the enemy accordingly made his appearance in our county on your farm in force, varying, from information, from 150 to 300 strong. The first account we had of him was that Mr. Valk's house had been surrounded during the night and the inmates captured,not, however, including Mr. Valk or his family. He was, and I believe they were, away. Next, that they had encamped on your farm, and were still there committing depredations. A remnant of a cavalry company from Henrico, commanded by Captain Magruder, numbering about 30, which had recently passed on east, was sent for, and overtaken at or near the White Sulphur Springs. It returned here on Wednesday night, and Captain Morris' company of infantry, numbering about the same, also came back. On Thursday morning they, with such other volunteers as could be hastily collected and were willing to, go, started in pursuit of the enemy. They found he had left your farm about the time the troops left Lewisburg on his way back to Nicholas. Some of the mounted men pursued him and overtook him, but for the want of an adequate force or something else he escaped them. It grieves me to think of it.

