
brigade, I am left here with the following troops as a repelling force near the batteries:

Twenty-second North Carolina Regiment: To-day, privates present for duty, including a company in the battery, 471.

Thirty-second Georgia Regiment: To-day, privates present for duty, 259. Arkansas battalion: To-day, privates present for duty, 42.

This is the infantry force here to do the labor on the batteries and to furnish the guard at night, which should be half a regiment.

To guard the river between the Chopawansie and Aquia Creek I have one fine regiment,the Second Tennessee (and a very weak one), the Forty-seventh Virginia, one battery of artillery, and one company of cavalry.

Two regiments, as stated, are withdrawn from my force here at hand in rear of the batteries, and I be that other regiments be sent to me here to replace them. I ask it for this reason: The batteries as yet are entirely open in rear, except a weak picket-fence around part of Numbers 1 Battery, and in front, an extent of a mile between the Quantico and the Chopawansic, there is no obstacle, natural or artificial, that can obstruct a landing except the guards. An enemy landing here or near here would rush immediately to the accomplishment of his object-the capture of the guns-and must be met instantly. Hence the force must be at hand. Landing at any other point, no such immediate object to accomplish, he would wait an attack, and it would be but the gradual meeting of opposite forces. My situation is different, requiring an immediate repelling force to act instantly.

You will further perceive that for the labor to be performed in strengthening the works by shelters and ditches, and the large guards at night required on the river front, the force is inadequate, and, considering the constant annoyance day and night from the enemy, no troops in this Confederacy are as unpleasantly situated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. FRENCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Night before last a steamer shelled the Cockpit battery; also this morning before daylight, this forenoon, and again this evening, assuming a position that the guns mounted could not reach him, and which point is to be defended by the Tredegar gun, just arrived.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS, Brooke's Station, December 31, 1861.

General JOHNSTON, Commanding Department:

The Fourteenth Alabama Regiment, ordered to Richmond by the War Department from Evansport, belonged to General Whiting's command, and I have requested him to replace it with another. If he cannot do so conveniently, General French should recall one of the regiments under for the service there. If the enemy should appear at any point below Aquia, every soldier in this vicinity would be required to prevent his landing.

Respectfully forwarded.

TH. H. HOLMES,Major-General.

