
generals, or other officers assigned for that purpose, to verify the rolls, and muster into service for said additional term that are fitted for service. One of the rolls thus verified, and certified by the inspecting officers, will be sent to the adjutant and inspector general. The order will be given to the company commander, from which to make out further muster rolls.

III. Whenever the number of men in a company who re-enlist shall suffice to form a new company according to the number required by law, the men thus re-enlisted shall have the right immediately to reorganize themselves into a company and elect their company officers, remaining attached to the regiment or battalion to which they belong until the expiration of the twelve months of the original enlistment.

IV. If the number of men re-enlisted in any company be insufficient to form a new company, their original organization will be preserved until within twenty days of the expiration of their term, at which date all the twelve-month's men who have re-enlisted will proceed to organize themselves afresh into new companies and elect their company officers..

V. Whenever all the companies now forming a battalion or regiment shall have reorganized themselves into new companies, they shall have the right of reorganizing themselves at once into a new battalion or regiment, as the case may be, electing their field officers, as allowed by law. But if any one company of any battalion of regiment declines to reorganize itself, the present organization will remain until within twenty reorganize itself, the present organization will remain until within twenty days of the expiration of the present term, at which time all re-enlisted companies will proceed immediately to organize themselves into new regiments and elect their field officers, as provided by law.

VI. All re-enlisted companies which may fail within the last twenty days of their present term to reorganize themselves into regiments or battalions will be considered as independent companies re-enlist for the war, and will be organized into battalion or regiments by the President, and their field officers appointed by him in the same manner as is provided by law for all other independent companies.

VII. The furlough allowed by law, and directed to be regulated according to the distance of each volunteer from his home, is established as follows, viz: To each volunteer there will be allowed a furlough of full thirty days at home, to which will be added by the commanding officer of the army a number of days estimated to be sufficient to allow the volunteer to travel home and back. But in no case will the furlough exceed sixty days, even for those most distant from their homes..

VIII. Commanding officers are directed to cammence as soon as possible granting the furloughs allowed as above in such number as may be deemed compatible with the safety of their commands, giving preference, as far as practicable, to the men in the order of their re-enlistment.

IX. The bounty of 850 will be paid to each man when he receives his furlough, at which time his transportation also will be furnished.

X. Each man entitled to furlough may receive instead thereof the communication value of his transportation in addition to the bounty $50 provided by law.*

By order of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

---------------

* This order inserted here because of correspondence resulting therefrom between General Johnston and the Richmond authorities. (See Johnston to Benjamin, January 18, Benjamin to Johnston, January 25; and Johnston to Benjamin February 1; and to Cooper, February 3; Benjamin to Johnston, February 3; and General Johnston's order of February 4, post.)

---------------

