
batteries on the Potomac, which have so much inconvenienced him at Washington. The after movements of the enemy will probably be as supposed when you were here. If so, we still hope for a brilliant success, although so much inferior to him in numbers and equipments; but we will have to make up in rapidity of movement and concentration of forces for our inferiority in other respects.

It would be well to keep your command on the alert, and ready to move,if necessary, as already instructed. But if the works you are constructing could hold in cheek a large part of Banks' command until part of your forces and the militia of Loudoun County. The guns you called for have been asked and promised, I am informed, but I am unable to state when you will get them..

Hopping that our efforts will again meet with success, I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, January 3, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

The following telegram is just received from Norfolk, Va.:

In Hampton Roads are fourteen steam gunboats; four steam ferry-boats, four guns each; three small tugs, one gun each; one large and one small sloop of war; four large barges, two with one gun each; eight large steam transports; twenty-six schooners, two brigs, and one bark. All the steamers have steam up.

S. COOPER,.

Adjutant and Inspector General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., January 5, 1862.

Major-General HOLMES, Aquia Creek, Virginia:

SIR: The Thirty-fifth Georgia Regiment is represented to me to be in almost as bad a condition as the Alabama regiment of Colonel Judge, which I was compelled to order here in order to give them a chance of recruiting their strength, after going through the usual camp deceases. I cannot further weaken your command, but humanity requires that I should try some way to prevent suffering and mortality among these troops just called from a southern clime and weakened by disease. Without, therefore, wishing in any way to interfere with any of the details of your command, I beg you will try, as far as you possibly can, to relieve this regiment from exposure and picket duty till the men have well recovered from the effects of the measled and other camp maladies.

Yours, respectfully,

J. P. BENJAMIN,.

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., January 5, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Centreville, Va.:

SIR: Yours latters of the 30th ultimo and 1st instant have been received..

1st. The President, to whom I submitted the latter, declines making any change in his former order relative to Major Whiting.

