HEADQUARTERS FORTY-FIFTH VIRGINIA REGIMENT,Camp Thorn Spring, near Dublin Depot, January 7, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War, C. S. A.:

SIR: As you were advised in a dispatch from this place a few days since, I sent two scouts, with instructions to proceed to Pack's Ferry, where it was reported the enemy in some force were crossing. They have returned, and report that a few of the enemy had crossed at that point and proceeded some distance (probably 10 or 12 miles) on the road to Peterstown. They were, however, driven back a number of the citizens of Giles and Monroe.

The information which will be communicated to your excellency through the letter which I have the honor to forward you is confirmed by reports of refugees from the county of Raleigh. The strength of the enemy at Fayetteville and Raleigh County is given by intelligent persons from that section at 3,000. The forward movement of the enemy to Raleigh Court-House i any forces is very receipt, and I feel confident that they have in contemplation an advance upon this road..

Deeming it proper to give you the above information, I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM E. PETERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Commanding Forty-fifth Virginia Regiment.

[Inclosures.]

DUBLIN, January 6, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel PETERS:

DEAR SIR: Inclosed I send you a letter I have just received from Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Caldwell, of Raleigh County, giving information of the movements of the enemy.

Respectfully,

WM. H. HOWE.

MERCER COURT-HOUSE, VA., January 3, 1862.

Mr. WM. H. HOWE:

DEAR SIR: I am a citizen of the county of Raleigh, receding near the Court-House, and have been driven from home with a good many other citizens of the county. Having just arrived here from that county, the citizens of this village think it proper that the fact of the invasion of that county by the Federal troops should be made down, so that the citizens of the counties between that place and the railroad may adopt some policy to repel their intended raid upon the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad. Hence I am troubling you whit this note, that the people may time to organize for their own protection.

After repeated visits by the enemy in small forces, and committing depredation wherever they went by stealing property (cattle, horses, &amp;c.) and arresting citizens pursuing their usual avocations, forcing them to take the oath or taking them to Fayetteville and holding them in confinement, on last Monday, the 30th day of December last, our village was taken possession of by at least 1,000 Federal troops, arresting the citizens that were remaining and compelling them to take the oath, or holding them prisoners. They are robbing the citizens of all their property, grain, provender, &c., leaving the families of those that have had to flee from their persecutions entirely dependent and helps. Holding a commission as lieutenant-colonel of the militia (the colonel being a prisoner in their hands), I have issued orders to call out the militia of Raleigh County to meet to-morrow in edge of this county, but the prin-

