
cipal portion of the county being in possession of the Federals, the number to assemble is very small, but we will assist with all our power in resisting any further advances of the enemy, hoping to have the aid of the counties interested with ourselves; and perhaps, if the facts were properly represented to our authorities, they would dispatch a regiment of volunteer forces to our assistance, for they openly avow that their destination is ultimately the railroad.

Asking pardon for troubling you (being a stranger), and hoping that you will use your influence in procuring aid, I am, very respectfully,

JOSEPH CALDWELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel of the One hundred and eighty-fourth Regiment.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GEN'S OFFICE,Numbers 5 Richmond, January 7, 1862.

* * * * * * * * *

XIX. Brigadier General H. C. Wayne, Provisional Army, will forthwith proceed to Manassas, Va., and report for duty to General Joseph E. Johnston, commanding.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Camp Quit Vive, January 9, 1862.

[General HILL:]

DEAR GENERAL: I thank you for your favor received some time since, and I assure you I am very grateful to you for the suggestions it contained.

I was desirous of sending the whole of Radford's regiment to Leesburg, but the commanding general was unwilling to spare so much cavalry. Colonel Radford, with two companies, to join the four already with you, are now en route, making your available cavalry amount to six companies. The picket now in sight of Dranesville is merely to notify me of any movement on Leesburg from that direction. I regret very much that you have lost the services of Colonel Jenifer, whose thorough acquaintance with the whole Potomac region must have made him invaluable as a cavalry commander..

I will require of Colonel Redford a monthly return of his regiment, and I hope you will concert with me some point of junction by pickets or patrols, so we can keep up a more rigid non-intercourse, a s well as more direct communication with each other. A system of signals similar to those in use by the cavalry here is, I think, indispensable to safety from injury by friends as well as imposition by enemies. I hope to hear cheering news from Stonewall Jackson soon..

The Potomac Burnside fleet has not yet developed itself, but we are all anxiously expectant. McClellan's illness delays its operations doubtless..

Most respectfully, your obedient servant and true friend,

J. E. B. STUART,.

Brigadier-General.

65 R R-VOL V

