
We have constructed one most excellent fort and have two others in process of construction. These, when finished, could be held by a single regiment, and Loudoun County, the richest in the State, would be safe. If this regiment was sent from Richmond my whole available force could move to Centreville on the decisive day.

The object of my communication, then, is to ask for at least one additional regiment, for guns to be placed in the batteries and for artillerists to work them. The guns have men trained and drilled in the re-enforcing regiment.

As "the Army of the Potomac is the rebellion," in the emphatic language of McClellan, I trust that I may be excused for troubling you on a matter materially connected with its efficiency.

With great respect,

D. H. HILL,

Brigadier-General, P. A. C. S..

[Memorandum.]

Write General Hill that one unarmed regiment can be furnished, if desired, but we have no arms.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Centreville, January 14, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have had the honor to receive your letter of the 7th instant, and transmit herewith the statement required of the organization of the troops of the Potomac District, with partial ones of those of Aquia and the valley. These are incomplete, because the officers commanding those districts have not yet furnished the statements (similar) asked for by me some time since.

I regret to find from your last letter that the President is dissatisfied with the manner in which I have exercised the discretion with which he invested me as to the execution of Orders 15 and 18. I have assured him that there has been no time since those were given when did not believe it to be utterly unsafe to attempt such reorganization, and no time when I was not, as now, anxious to carry out his wishes.

I have hitherto regarded these changes as impracticable because unsafe, and shall so regard them until the destination of the Burnside expedition is known..

Could the President see the condition of the country at this season, and that of our means of transportation, I am sure that be would regard these changes as physically impracticable now. The teams are all in constant employment, either to supply the troops with provision and fuel or themselves and the cavalry horses with food..

Since the supply in the neighborhood was exhausted the Quartermaster's Department has been unable to furnish full forage. Hay and fodder are rarely to be had, consequently our horses are in wretched condition.

I have twice asked by telegraph for an officer to take General Whiting's command, but have received no reply. No competent officer can be spared from any other part of this army.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

