
Not brigaded.

Fortieth Virginia Regiment, Northern Neck.

Lewis' company of cavalry, Northern Neck.

Tayloe's company of cavalry, Northern Neck.

Two companies of local volunteers, Northern Neck.

Fifty-fifth Virginia Regiment, near Tappahannock, for the defense of Fort Lowery.

Essex Cavalry, near Tappahannock, for the defense of Fort Lowry.
HEADQUARTERS, Evansport, January 14, 1862.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: On the morning of the 12th instant, between the hours of 4 and 5 o'clock, a vessel was discovered floating down under cover of the darkness of the night. She was then a little above the battery known as Numbers 1. The sentinel reported it to the corporal of the guard in the battery. He waited to see her, and then went to summon the guard for the guns always in the battery, but before they manned the huns she was so far past the battery that all the guns could not be brought to bear on her. From two guns, the new guns, and battery Numbers 2, a fire was opened, and it is certain she was struck several times. After she was discovered here a shot was fired from Cockpit. Had that battery seen her pass it and fired sooner, our men could have been at their guns in time; or had the corporal at once summoned the crees many more shots could have been fired.

The men were slow in getting to the guns until the first gun opened. As soon as fired at she put on all steam and, with the assistance of a tug, passed rapidly down. Every precaution was taken by me and by Captain Chatard, C. S. Navy.

At 9 p. m. I saw a light in an unusual place, and sent a courier down to the battery to report to Captain Peatross to observe unusual vigilance and have everything ready in case the Pensacola should attempt to run past. These instructions were given, and the men in some of the companies removed none of their clothing; these instructions were also given to the officer of the day, the officer of the guard, and the guard in the battery.

Again I directed the officer of the guard of the infantry force which gauds the river at night and which acts as a supporting force against surprise to instruct the pickets, in case of anything being seen on the river, to first warn the batteries and then their main guard. This duty they performed. Between 11 and 12 o'clock at night Captain Collins and I went with our glasses and made a long and careful survey of the river up and down, but could discern nothing. But notwithstanding my taking all these precautions, the vessel was not discovered until nearly abreast of Battery Numbers 1. She passed Cockpit undisturbed, and I presume unobserved, and whether the darkness did completely conceal her until the moment she was reported I cannot tell. One thing is certain, the corporal should not have waited to see her before he summoned the men. I mention all this, because I am very much dissatisfied that, with the unusual precautions for the night, the men were not more prompt, and that she escaped many shots that should have been fired at her. It was the third time the men had to man the guns during the night, but that is not uncommon..

As regards the blockade of the river, not a sail has passed for weeks.

