
The river would be lifeless and desolate except for the eight or ten steamers always in sight above and below.

The plan of the Pensacola seems to have been, with the assistance of a tug, to float silently in the darkness by the batteries. She did not return a shot. I presume she left Alexandria and came directly down.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. FRENCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,Bloomery Gap. Hampshire County, Virginia, January 14, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

SIR: Through the blessing of Good I regard this district as essentially in our possession. There is reason to believe that there are medical and other stores in Cumberland, which would, if in our possession, be of great value to our Government. If you desire to be secured, in addition to other advantages resulting from the occupation of Cumberland and the dispersion or capture of their army near there, please send me at once 4,000 infantry and 350 cavalry. An engineer officer is much needed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General, P. A. C. S., Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Centreville, January 14, 1862.

Brigadier General D. H. HILL,

Commanding C. S. Forces, Leesburg, Va.:

GENERAL: Under the supposition that a considerable part of the Federal General Bank's forces have been diverted either to Hancock or elsewhere, and that circumstances may favor a sudden effective blew at your immediate adversary, General Stone, some clear night, when the passage of the river on the ice shall seem to you practicable and safe, I am instructed to advise you that such are the wishes of the general commanding this army corps, sanctioned by the general commanding the department.

But preliminary to so grave and important an operation I am directed to say it is essential that the utmost secrecy and circumspection should to observed in all your preparations. Several reliable and trust worthy guides must be secured, and in the mean time no means should be spared to acquire exact information of the position of General Stone's forces, his strength, and whether or not his supports have actually been diminished by diversions such as is suspected, whether to towards Washington or Hancock. Nor should there be any doubt as to the soundness and strength of the ice, including its durability for the time needful for such an expedition.

In the conduct of such an expedition the general has all confidence in your discretion and military ability, but desires me to suggest that you should provide colored lights-lanterns-for signals of recognition. This can be made, you know, with flannel wrappings.

Your forces should be kept well in hand and close together; thoroughly informed, once across the river, of the aims of the expedition. Your men.

