
should be inspired with a determination to succeed and to deserve success by coolness and precaution against the casualty of mistaking and slaying friends for enemies. It may be judicious to make a slight detour to take that enemy in reverse, and your point of recrossing must be well guarded and covered by your artillery..

The ice should be littered with straw, sand, or ashes by a pioneer party. Finally, ice two inches thick will bear infantry in open order. The utmost care should be taken to prevent crowding, especially on the return.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Centreville, Va., January 16, 1862.

Brigadier General D. H. HILL, Commanding at Leesburg, Va.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 15th instant has just been received. The movement you were ordered to make against General Stone's forces is based upon the supposition that they are not too strong in numbers and position to be attacked by you with all the probabilities of success, and that they cannot be supported in time by General Banks. We should by all means avoid undertaking any aggressive movement not likely to meet with entire success.

Very, respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT, Romney, Va., January 16, 1862.

Major THOMAS G. RHETT,Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Dept. of Northern Virginia:

MAJOR: In consequence of the weather and bad condition of the roads none of General Loring;s command has yet arrived here, though last night the head of the column encamped only 8 miles distant. Garnett's brigade arrived yesterday. At last accounts the enemy were crossing the Potomac into Maryland on the railroad bridge below Cumberland. Their force in and about Cumberland is from information about 11,000; at Hancock, 2,000; at Hagerstown, 2,000; at Fredericktown, 8,000. I have not succeeded in obtaining definite information as to the number in Williamsport.

Unless otherwise directed, I will proceed to construct winter quarters, and will station General Loring's troops and General Boggs' militia brigade in the South Branch Valley; General Garnett's brigade at Winchester; General Carson's brigade at Bath, and General Meem's brigade at Martinsburg. The cavalry will be distributed along the northern frontier at various points.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General, P. A. C. S., Commanding.

