
port and Aquia are part of the Evansport command, not more than 2 or 3 miles from the batteries, and General French can move them to the batteries at his discretion.

I am, general, yours, very faithfully,

TH. H. HOLMES.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,Romney, Va., January 17, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Department of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 16th* is at hand, and I hasten to reply that I have not enough troops for the proper defense of this district, as from the most reliable information that I have recently received the enemy's force in about Cumberland is near 12,000-in Hancock 2,000, in Hagerstown 2,000, and in Fredericton 8,000. Of the force in Williamsport I am not so well informed, but there is reason to believe that it is langer than in Hancock.

General Loring's command has not all arrived here from Morgan, but so soon as it does I hope to be able to leave him with his command to occupy the valley of the South Branch, while Garnett' brigade will return to Winchester and near Centreville, should you so direct; but in my opinion it should not go farther than Winchester, if the enemy are to be kept our of this district. Since leaving Winchester General Loring's command has become very much demoralized.

I have taken special pains to obtain information respecting. General Banks, but I have not been informed of his having hone east. I will see what can be effected through the Cantolic priests in Martinsburg.

I am establishing lines of couriers through this district. From Winchester I can send dispatches to Leesburg in three hours. I have thought that if you had a line of couriers between Leesburg and Manassas no additional one for carrying dispatches between Manassas and Winchester would be necessary; but should you desire an additional line, please indicate the route and I will have it established immediately.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., January 18, 1862.

General D. H. HILL, Leesburg, Va.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of January 13 I can only promise to send you an unalarmed regiment, if you desire it; but we have no armed reenforcements or arms to spare.

Respectfully,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Centreville, January 18, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

SIR: A colonel of a Mississippi regiment has just informed me that you had refereed him to me for information in relation to the recent act.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

