
CENTREVILLE, January 18, 1862.

[The following] respectfully transmitted for the information of the War Department, by instructions from General Beauregard.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 28, 1861.

DEAR GENERAL: i wrote you yesterday, giving you some information additional to that contained in my dispatch the day before. I omitted to say yesterday that I inclosed a dispatch from our friend Mrs. Greenhow, which I hope reached you to-day. I also inclosed one from our friend in B. To-day it in my power to say that Kelley is to advance on Winchester. Stone and Banks are to cross and go to Leesburg. Burnside's fleet is to engage the batteries on the Potomac, and McClellan &amp; Co. will move on Centreville and Manassas. This move will be made next week. This information comes from one of McClelan's aides, and from Fox, of the Navy Department. As I remarked yesterday, be prepared for them on every hand and at every moment. Mason and Slidell have been given up, and the Hall clique are furious. Look out for a smash-up. I send you the papers containing Seward's letter, &c.

Now, my dear general, look out for a large army, and tell your men (God bless them!) to cut and slay until the last man is destroyed. Do not allow one to come back to tell the sad tale. No living man ever made such a desperate effort as McClellan will make. Nevertheless I believe he is a coward, and is afraid to meet you. If some excuse is not hatched up you may certainly expect an attack next week. My God! general, give them the most awful whipping that any army ever received. McClellan's army will certainly number 180,000 or 185,000 men-perhaps more. Let our next greeting be in Washington. You shall have a warm reception. U write in some haste.

From Mrs. Greenhow.

DECEMBER 26.

In a day or two 1,200 cavalry, supported by four batteries of artillery, will cross the river above to get behind Manassas and cut off railroad and other communications with our army whilst an attack is made in front. For God's sake heed this. It is positive. They are obliged to released in a few days, without condition, but to go South. A confidential member of McClellan's staff came to see me and tell that my case should form an exception, and I only want to gain time. All my plans are nearly completed.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GEN'S OFFICE,Numbers 22. Richmond, January 18, 1862.

* * * * * * * * *

XXI. Brigadier General H. Heth, Provisional Army, will immediately proceed to Lewisburg, Va., and assume command of all the troops in that district.

* * * * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

