
stationed at this place. A portion of General Loring's command comprises the force here. This part of the army, during the last summer and fall, passed through a campaign in Northwestern Virginia, the character of which in point of suffering, toil exposure, and deprivations has no parallel in this war, and scarcely can be equaled in any war. After all huts, a call was made upon them to march some 150 miles to Winchester. This march was made about the 1st of December, in very inclement weather, but with a cheerfulness and alacrity that has seldom been witnessed under similar circumstances. After arriving at Winchester an expedition was ordered to Morgan County and to this place. This was also cheerfully undertaken by the men, as will as the officers, with the expectation on every side that after the object of the expedition was accomplished, this force, which had passed through eight months of incessant toil, would be permitted to retire to some convenient point and enjoy a short respite, preparatory to the spring campaign, rendered the more necessary by the terrible exposure since leaving Winchester, which has emaciated the force to almost a skeleton, compared to what it was on marching from that place.

Now we are ordered to remain here during the remainder of the winter. A more unfavorable spot could not be selected. We are willing to endure all that men can bear when our cause requires it; but where there is a discretion, that discretion should be exercised in favor of men who have seen such hard and continued service. This place is of no importance in a strategical point of view; the country around it has been exhausted by the enemy, and its proximity to the enemy and the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad will us away (already greatly reduced) by heavy picket and guard duty. Besides this, there is no suitable ground and not sufficient wood here upon and by which men can be made comfortable. We have not been in as uncomfortable a places since we entered the service.

By going to Winchester we could be much better situated and save a vast expense in the transportation of supplies or we could go to Moorefield, in Hardy County, where there is the greatest abundance of forage, and where the Government has a large number of fat cattle. At the latter point we can effect every military object that we can effect here. We the must be impressed with the great importance of raising an army for the next summer. With the benefit of a short furlough for the men, I am satisfied that at Winchester I could have enlisted 500 of my regiment for the war. With the present prospect before them, I do not know that I could get a single man. Still, if the men could yet be placed in a position where spirits could be revived, many of them would re-enlist for the war..

This is a public consideration that ought not to be overlooked. All of the officers of this army take the same view of the case that I have above presented, and all are endeavoring to effect the same object that I am.

I will ask you, in view of these facts, to see the Adjutant-General, the Secretary of War, and the President, if necessary, and impress these considerations upon them, and by doing so you will perform a public service as well as confer a favor upon a meritorious army..

I would say more, but deem it unnecessary. I have written to Honorable

Walter Preston upon the same subject.

Yours, respectfully,

SAML. V. FULKERSON,

[Colonel Thirty-seventh Virginia Infantry.]

66 R R-VOL V

