
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BRIGADE NORTHWESTERN ARMY,.

Camp near Romney, January 23, 1862.

MY DEAR STAPLES: Fulkerson has shown me the letter he has written you, and ask me to take it to town to mail for him.

I take the liberty with an old friend, which I know you will pardon, to state that every word and every idea conveyed by Colonel F. in his letter to you is strictly and most unfortunately true. The best army I ever saw of its strength has been destroyed by bad marches and bad management. It is ridiculous to hold this place; it can do no good, and will subject our troops to great annoyance and exposed or picket duty, which will destroy them. Not one will re-enlist, not one of the whole army. It will be suicidal in the Government to keep this command here..

For Heave's sake urge the withdrawal of the troops, or we will not [have] a man of this army for the spring campaign.

Very truly, your friend,WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS, Lewisburg, Va., January 23, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War, C. S. A.:

SIR: Having a day or two since information of the doings and movements of the enemy in the Kanawha Valley, by means of some friends of our cause who have succeeded in getting through their lines, I hasten to submit them by them by the first mail first mail for your consideration.

These men state that the enemy are actively engaged in shipping immense quantities of military stores to the Kanawha Valley; that at Point Pleasant they have three large sheds nearly 200 yards long filled; that at Charleston every store-house and deserted building has been occupied by them, presides having erected numerous sheds; that at Gauley Bridge they have also extensive sheds filled with stores, and a large number of new transportation wagons and pack mules..

These gentlemen say all along the Ohio and Kanawha Rivers the utmost activity prevails for an early and energetic campaign. I have also ascertained that the enemy have erected a new wire suspension bridge over the Gauley River, which would be completed by the 25th instant.

This information comes from men who are intelligent and known to be trust worthy, and entirely devoted to the Southern cause. From them I learn that there are between 3,000 and 4,000 of the enemy in the Kanawha Valley, besides those stationed at Sutton, Fayetteville, and Raleigh Court-House.

This activity on the part of the enemy bespeaks, in my humble opinion, an early movement.

It is a fact well worthy of being borne in mind that after a freeze in this country the roads in a very short time become smooth and transportation can be had over them very successfully. From these facts I would respectfully submit to the Department the propriety of immediately establishing depots at Jackson's River, White Sulphur Springs, and at Peterstown, or some other suitable point in that section. If it is.

