
the intention of the Government to make an early spring campaign in Western Virginia, the operations cannot be carried into effect too soon. The mild open winter is inviting, and I am fearful that unless something is not speedily done the enemy will be able to anticipate us in making the first move, which I think will be very unfortunate in a country like this. There is another matter that I wish to bring to your consideration. It is this: That while the enemy have a regular chin of posts and scouts from the Maryland to the Kentucky line (which it is almost impossible for our friends to get through), we have but a very few troops stationed at two or three points, with little or no cavalry. By this means the enemy have a great advantage over us, as it enables them to intercept nearly all our spies and cut off all information of their doings and flood our whole Confederacy with theirs. In fact, i think that it has been through this source that they have derived the most of their information of the transactions of our Government. In my opinion the interest of the service requires that we should have a similar chain of posts and scouts to enable us to intercept all persons going out.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. REYNOLDS,

Colonel, Commanding.

RICHMOND, January 24, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Centreville:

The President directs that you send here as promptly as possible 6,000 stands of arms out of the number reported by General Cooper as not being now in use in your army. This is very urgent.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,Winchester, January 24, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

SIR: I returned to this place yesterday, still leaving the enemy in possession of our from Patterson's Creek Depot westward; our operations against the Federal forces were pressed as far as in my opinion circumstances would justify.

The important valley of the South Branch of the Potomac is, with but a slight exception, in our possession, and it is very desirable that we should continue to hold it; but as the enemy are in force 7 miles below Cumberland and also are at New Creek, the former being 20 miles and the latter 18 from Romney, I am apprehensive that an attempt may be made to surprise General Loring's command at Romney; and to prevent this, I trust that you will, if practicable, send me 300 cavalry, to be stationed nearly Romney. An abundance of corn can be procured at 50 cents per bushel, whereas in this county it cannot be had for less than about 80 cents per bushel, and east of the Blue Ridge it is probably still dearer. I mention this comparative cost of forage for the purpose of showing how economically cavalry might be supported in Hampshire County. With a proper mounted force the enemy can, in my opinion, be deterred from advancing so near General Loring's position as to attempt a surprise..

My command is going into winter quarters as rapidly as practicable.

