
[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHWEST,Romney, Va., January 26, 1862.

As this a respectful communication, and presents for the consideration of the honorable Secretary of War the true condition of this army, and coming from so high a source, expressing the united feeling of the army, I deem it proper to respectfully forward it for his information. I am most anxious unto re-enlist this fine army, equal to any I ever saw, and am satisfied if something is not done to relieve it, it will be found impossible to induce the army to do so, but with regard for its comfort, a large portion, if not the whole, may be prevailed upon.

At the earliest possible moment I shall write more fully.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT, Winchester, February 4, 1862

Respectfully forwarded, but disapproved.

T. J. JACKSON,Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., January 26, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Centreville, Va.:

SIR: Inclosed you will find an order detaching General Beauregard from the army under your command and assigning him to do duty at Columbus, Ky., which you are requested to forward to him at once. Regretting that the exigencies of the public service force us to deprive you of the aid of this valuable officer, I still entertain undiminished confidence in you capacity, with the aid of the able generals who still surround you, to maintain the position which have thus far successfully defended.

I am, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Manassas, Va.:

SIR: Colonel Pryor has reported to the President, as the resulted of his interview with you, that you would cheerfully accept the command of the defenses at Columbus, Ky., and that your from the Army of the Potomac would not seriously impair its efficiency. He therefore desires that you proceed at once to report to General A. S. Johnston, at Bowling Green, Ky., and thence proceed, as promptly as possible, to assume your new command at Columbus, which is threatened by a powerful force, and the successful defense of which is of vital importance. You are authorized to take with you your present staff or such members of its as you wish to accompany you.

I am, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

