
the place, at present furnished with pumps, and as many more may readily be sunk as the necessities of the buildings may require. These lots will afford room for about one-fourth of the proposed buildings. We have a lease of 100 acres at Kalorama. This land is similarly circumstanced with that of Mr. Stone as to its general features and the water supply. It will afford room for 20 buildings. We shall want about 250 acres more for the remaining buildings. There is plenty of unoccupied land upon the heights about Washington that might be procured for this purpose. I apprehend the Quartermaster's Department will find little difficulty in effecting leases of as much as will be required.

There will thus be some three or four large hospital town at some distance form each other. Each assemblage of buildings or hospital section will require one experienced, active, and energetic surgeon of the Army as superintendent; one assistant commissary of subsistence, and one assistant quartermaster at least will be required, and perhaps more. The guards can be furnished by the troops occupying this military position. They should be required to enforce the orders of the chief surgeon.

There being no fund within the control of the Medical Department from which suitable hospital clothing can be furnished for the inmates of this establishment, we must rely for a time upon the contributions of the Sanitary Commission for that purpose, and I am happy to say they are now taking measures to meet this demand. But it is reasonable to suppose that the time during which they will be called upon to supply this want will be limited; for the hospital fund, well managed, ought to be sufficient in the course of two moths to provide all necessary comforts for the sick.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

CHAS. S. TRIPLER,

Surgeon and Medical Director Army of the Potomac.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

[Appendix I.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Medical Director's Office, October 29, 1861.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to the orders of Major-General McClellan, I proceeded to Annapolis, Baltimore, Philadelphia, and New York for the purpose of making arrangements for the sick of the Army of the Potomac. I wished, if possible, to evacuate all the hospitals upon the Potomac, at Annapolis, and Baltimore upon philadelphia and New York, and also to ascertain how much hospital accommodation could be depended upon at Annapolis and Baltimore. At Annapolis a portion only of the public buildings is at present occupied for hospital purposes. I would recommenced that all the buildings at that point should be fitted up as hospitals, and the establishment could then accommodate 1,200 patients. At Baltimore there are tow hotels and three dwelling-houses now occupied. These buildings can receive in cold weather, when windows and doers are to be kept closed, but 310 patients. The rents paid for them amount to $12,900. At such an extravagant rate I did not think it advisable to negotiate for any extension of hospital accommodation in Baltimore. .

I then proceeded to Philadelphia and made inquiries for buildings suitable for our purposes Several large and small buildings were

