
HEADQUARTERS,.

Romney, Va., January 31, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:.

SIR: I inclose the report of Colonel Barton, who acted as engineer, by order of General Jackson, in examining the defenses, &amp;c., of Romney, and the copy of a letter inclosing it, which I sent General Jackson. I beg to call your attention to them, particularly the fact of the enemy, in force at their railroad, making it their base of operations, with Cumberland as their center, secured by Patterson's Creek Depot and the month of the South Branch and its bridge on the one side, and New Creek Depot and its bridge on the other, and also the large number of roads leading to our rear from various points on their railroad..

I deem it my duty to report that this command is now forced, in the depth of winter, from the requirements of our position, to a degree of service which is telling with fearful effect upon their health. In the short time since its departure from Winchester a number of our best officers and men have died, the result of exposure; and the medical men of the army tell me that the constant exposure during the recent summer in the mountains, followed by the unremitting duty in the winter, is filling the hospitals with hundreds of our sick..

It is a fine army, and should be, if possible, re-enlisted for the war. I am satisfied that unless it is given relief it will be found impossible to effect it. With some attention to their comfort most, if not al, may be induced to enter again..

It is proper for me to say that we came cheerfully to co-operate with the forces of General Jackson in the campaign, the reports of which have been sent you. All movements have some time since ceased, and General Jackson has gone to Winchester with his brigade. I now most respectfully ask, in justice to this command and myself, that it be ordered to the line to which I had the honor to be assigned. Numerous places may be selected where it can be reorganized; or, if this should not be deemed advisable, to some point where it can have the stimulant of active service..

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,.

W. W. LORING,.

Brigadier-General, Commanding..

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE NORTHWEST,.

Romney, January 28, 1862.

Major General T. J. JACKSON, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I send a report of Colonel Barton of the means of defense and of the approaches to Romney, the position this force is ordered to hold. After a careful and thorough examination of the mountain passes, I am of the opinion that he has given a correct estimate of their strength. With the aid of the best guides of this country i have made observation of its roads, and fully concur with him in the facility with which an enemy with a large command can flank and turn our positions. He has also given a correct statement of the numerous approaches of the enemy from the railroad to our rear..

So far as our best information enables us to judge, they have at this time, near the mouth of Patterson's Creek-a railroad depot 18 miles distant-about 6,000 men; at Green Springs Depot, 19 miles, about 1,500; New Creek Depot, 18 miles, 3,000 men; Cumberland, reported.

