
Ford, of South Branch, at mouth of Hanging Rock, on Springfield grade, 4 miles. The road through this pass is at the base of a precipice on the right and on the bank of a deep stream on the left, straight 800 yards in length, and enfiladed by our guns; the mountain in our possession commands all neighboring heights. This pass can also be turned; 1st, by a ford 1 mile down stream; 2nd, by another ford three-quarters of a mile far their down-these by foot troops only; 3rd, by the Chain Bridge 2 1/2 miles on Springfield grade; and 4th, by farm roads at thee base of Jersey Mountain. There is also a road on the ridge of this mountain chain which falls into the Northwest turnpike 2 1/2 miles in rear of Romney. Seven or eight roads lead from the railroad to the Winchester road in our rear. To secure our flanks and rear a large number of scouting parties and pickets are required. For a small force this point is indefeasible. For a large one (say 20,000), it could be made a strong position. .

Respectfully submitted..

S. M. BARTON,.

Chief Engineer..

HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,.

February 1, 1862.

Major THOMAS G. RHETT,.

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters D. N. V.:

.

MAJOR: The Secretary of War stated, in the order requiring General Loring's command to fall back to this place immediately, that he had been informed that the command was in danger of being cut off. Such danger I am well satisfied does not exist, nor did it, in my opinion, exist at the time the order wa s given; and I therefore respectfully recommend that the order be countermanded, and that General L. be required to return with his command to the vicinity of Romney. .

Respectfully, your obedient servant,.

T. J. JACKSON,.

Major-General, P. A. C. S., Commanding..

[Indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS, Centreville, February 6, 1862.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War, whose orders I cannot countermand..

J. E. JOHNSTON,.

General..

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,.

February 1, 1862.

Brigadier General M. L. BONHAM, Commanding Division:

Brigadier General R. S. EWELL, Commanding Division:.

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that hereafter you will command your division, reporting directly to him. All your official communication will therefore be addressed to this office..

Respect fully, your obedient servant,.

A. P. MASON,.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General..

