
suggest that men to fill those regiments, say 20 or 30 per company, be sent to us as soon as possible..

The Secretary of War proposed to send unarmed regiments to supply the places of the men furloughed. Such regiments would be of little value for some time, but the men composing them, if distributed among our present troops and mixed with them in companies, would be valuable at once, and soon equal to the old soldiers..

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

J. E. JOHNSTON,.

General..

WAR DEPARTMENT,.

Richmond, Va., February 3, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:.

SIR: * * * I have your letter about the command in the valley. I telegraphed General Jackson, at the President's instance, to order Loring's command back to Winchester at once, as we had news of a contemplated movement to McClellan to cut off Loring's command. I inclose you a memorandum received from the President for your consideration and reflection.* I fear with you (as shown by your correspondence forwarded to the Department) that General Jackson has scattered his forced quite too far apart for safety, and do not think Moorefield would be as advantageous a point for Loring as Winchester. I think the valley army ought, as far as possible, to be kept within reach of a co-operation with your left wing, which would be impossible if Loring's winter quarters were established at Moorefield. But these are mere suggestions, the decision being left ot yourself. .

I have heard nothing more from you on the re-enlistment question. I feel sure that you will find your true policy to be to take some risk of reducing your force now, in order to secure your trained soldiers for the rest of the war. The men in many cases really will not go home. A number of them who came here with their bounty and furloughs are going back to you at once. They came here, and a frolic with their bounty money, spent it all, and have agreed to go straight back to camp, receiving their commutation for transportation instead of furlough..

I am calling on the different States for additional troops, and will be able to re-enforce you considerably before the enemy can move through the mud..

Your obedient servant,.

J. P. BENJAMIN,.

Secretary of War..

CENTREVILLE, VA., February 3, 1862.

Major-General JACKSON:.

MY DEAR FRIEND: I have just read, and with profound regret, your letter [of January 31] to the Secretary of War, asking to be relieved from your present command either by an order to the Virginia Military Institute or the acceptance of your resignation. Let me beg you to reconsider this matter. Under ordinary circumstances a due sense of one's own dignity, as well as care for professional character and official rights, would demand such a course as yours, but the character of this war, the great energy exhibited by the Government .

---------------

*Not found..

---------------

