
to leave the service, and if, upon the receipt of this note, your opinion remains unchanged, you are authorized to withdraw my resignation, unless the Secretary of War desires that it should be accepted. My reasons for resigning were set froth in my letter of the 31st ultimo and my views remain unchanged, and if the Secretary persists in the ruinous policy complained of, I feel that no officer can serve his country better than by making his strongest possible protest against it, which, in my opinion, is done by tendering his resignation, rather than be a will full instrument in prosecuting the war upon a ruinous principle..

I am much obliged to you for requesting that I should be ordered to the Institute.

Very truly, your friend,.

T. J. JACKSON..

[Indorsement.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, February 10, 1862.

I have just received this letter from General Jackson, which I send for your perusal, and with the request that his resignation be sent to me..

Be kind enough to return this letter..

JOHN LETCHER..

RICHMOND, February 6, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge yours of the 3rd instant, with its inclosures..

Notwithstanding the threatening position of the enemy I infer from your account of the roads and streams that his active operations must be for some time delayed, and thus I am permitted to hope that you will be able to mobilize your army be the removal of your heavy ordnance and such stores as are not required for active operations, so that whenever you are required to move it may be without public loss and without impediment to celerity. I was fully impressed with the difficulties which you presented when discussing the subject of a change of position to preserve the efficiency of your army. You will, of course, avoid all needless exposure, and when your army has been relieved of every useless incumbrance, you can have no occasion to move it whilst the roads and the weather are such as would involve serious suffering, because the same reasons must restrain the operations of the enemy. In the mean time, as I have heretofore advised you, I am making diligent effort to re-enforce your columns. It may still be that you will have the power to meet and repel the enemy, a course of action more acceptable certainly to both of us, but it is not to be disguised that your defective position and proximity to the enemy's base of operations do not permit us to be sanguine in that result..

It is therefore necessary to make all due preparations for the opposite course of events. You will be assured that in my instructions to you I did not intend to diminish the discretionary power which is essential to successful operations in the field, and that I fully rely upon your zeal and capacity to do all which is practicable. I will make inquiry, and, if it be possible to do so, will increase the amount of your railroad transportation. The letter of General Hill painfully impresses me with that which has heretofore been indicated-a want of vigilance and intelligent observation on the part of General Stuart. The officers commanding.

