
his pickets should be notified of all roads in their neighborhood, and sleepless watchfulness should be required of them. The failure to secure either of these two things renders them worse than useless to the commands which rely upon them for timely notice of the approach of an enemy..

Please keep me fully and frequently advised of your condition and give me early information if there by anything in which I can aid your operations..

Very respectfully, yours,.

JEFFERSON DAVIS..

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,.

Centreville, Va., February 6, 1862.

Major General T. J. JACKSON, Commanding Valley District:.

SIR: I respectfully inclose herewith a letter containing the location and names of the proprietors of distilleries in your district. The War Department has directed the impressment of grain for military use when it cannot be purchased at fair prices. Let me suggest that whenever impressment becomes necessary the grain at the distilleries be taken first, because they generally control the grain market and less real oppression of individuals will be produced..

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,.

J. E. JOHNSTON,.

General..

RICHMOND, February 7, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON and other commanding officers, &amp;c.:

SIR: In view of the existing exigencies in the service it is desired to keep the armory in this city at work day and night. For this purpose the Chief of Ordnance has applied for the detail of 200 gunsmiths and machinists from the army, as the only practicable means of effecting the object in view..

By direction of the Secretary of War you are therefore requested, immediately on the receipt of this letter, to ascertain what number of such workmen, gunsmiths, and machinists may be in your command, and report their names, companies, and regiments to this office for the information of the Secretary of War..

It is desirable that this examination and report should be made without delay, and that as far as practicable those who are best qualified for the work in view should be designated.]

Very respectfully, &c.,.

S. COOPER,.

Adjutant and Inspector General..

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,.

Centreville, February 7, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

SIR: I had the honor to receive your letter of the 3rd instant by the last mail. On the 2nd instant I sent Lieutenant-Colonel Harrison, Virginia cavalry, with a proposition to Major-General McClellan for an exchange of prisoners of war. That officer was stopped by the enemy's.

