
and cared for on the evening of the 1st of January, 1862, near Pughtown, Va..

Specification 2. In this, that when the command of Brigadier General W. W. Loring was met be a party of the enemy in the vicinity of Bath, Va., on the evening of the 3rd of January, 1862, he neglected to attack and press forward with requisite promptness..

Specification 3. In this, that Brigadier General W. W. Loring, P. A. C. S., having the advance in moving on the enemy at Bath, Va., on the 4th January, 1862, did permit the head of his column, without sufficient cause, repeatedly to halt and lose so much time as to induce Major General T. J. Jackson, P. A. C. S., to order forward other troops of General Loring's command for the purpose of at least securing the town of Bath before night..

Specification 4. In this, that Brigadier General W. W. Loring, P. A. C. S., permitted part of his command to become so demoralized as not to be in a condition for active service at Romney, Va., on the 18th of January, 1862, and thus, though the troops of other commanders were in a condition for active service, it was necessary to abandon an important expedition against the enemy in consequence of such inefficiency in Brigadier General W. W. Loring's command preventing his efficient co-operation..

Specification 5. In this, that Brigadier General W. W. Loring, P. A. C. S., did permit officers of his command, in violation of the Army Regulations, to unite in a petition against their commands being required to pass the winter in the vicinity of Romney, notwithstanding the commanding general of Valley District had directed that Brigadier General W. W. Loring's command should go into winter quarters in that vicinity. All this at or near Romney, Va., on or about the 17th of January, 1862.

CHARGE II. Conduct subversive of good order and military discipline..

Specification 1. In this, that when, on the 3rd of January, 1862, a staff officer delivered a message from Major General T. J. Jackson to Brigadier General W. W. Loring, near Unger's Store, Va., he did state in the hearing of said staff officer, "By God, sir, this is the damnedest outrage ever perpetrated in the annals of history, keeping me men out here in the cold without food," or words to that effect..

Specification 2. In this, that Brigadier General W. W. Loring, P. A. C. S., did forward to the War Department, without disapproval, a petition which was united in by a number of officers of his command, notwithstanding said petition was in violation of the Army Regulations and subversive of good order and military discipline. All this at or near Romney, Va., on or about the 26th of January, 1862.*

T. J. JACKSON,.

Major-General, P. A. C. S..

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,.

Richmond, Va., February 9, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Centreville, Va.:

SIR: The threatening aspect of our affairs in the West has determined the President to spare no effort to check the advance of the enemy in that quarter, while the abandonment by General Jackson of the winter campaign projected by him and his retirement into winter quarters, combined with the unhappy discordance between his command.

---------------

*See Loring to Benjamin, February 12, p. 1070.

---------------

