
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. General 'S OFFICE,.

Numbers 33. Richmond, February 10, 1862.

* * * * *

IV. The following regiment will proceed without delay to Knoxville, Tenn., and report for duty to General A. S. Johnston, commanding Department Numbers 2:.

Colonel Maney's First Regiment Tennessee Volunteers..

Colonel Vaughn's Third Regiment Tennessee Volunteers..

First Regiment Georgia Volunteers..

V. The following regiments will proceed at once to Fredericksburg, Va., and report for duty to Major-General Holmes, commanding Aquia District:.

Seventh Regiment Tennessee Volunteers..

Fourteenth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers..

Third Regiment Arkansas Volunteers..

VI. All the remainder of the command of Brigadier-General Loring will proceed without delay to Manassas, Va., and report for duty to General Joseph E. Johnston, commanding..

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War..

JNO. WITHERS,.

Assistant Adjutant-General..

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,.

Centreville, February 11, 1862.

General S. COOOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:.

SIR: An order from the War Department removed two artillery companies which manned four of the heavy batteries at Manassas. I cannot supply their places without taking for the purpose excellent infantry, who are ignorant of artillery service..

I therefore respectfully ask that two companies may be sent to Manassas, to man the batteries in question, without delay; they might be sent without small-arms..

Let me again urge the importance of sending to this army the proper number of general officers. The great number of sick field officers makes the want of them felt the more..

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,.

J. E. JOHNSTON,.

General..

WINCHESTER, VA., February 12, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,.

Commanding Department of Northern Virginia:.

GENERAL: From official information the enemy have burst several houses in Harper's Ferry near the Potomac, the Wager House being among the number..

Since the evacuation of Romney by our troops the Federal forces have returned there, and from information received this morning from Colonel Harness, the commanding officer at Moorefield, the enemy 3,000 strong, were advancing on Moorefield..

