
Colonel Edward H. McDonald, after General Loring left Romney, burned the South Branch Bridge, on the Northwestern turnpike..

I have authorized furloughs to be granted to re-enlisted men at the rate of one-third of the rank and file present and for duty. In Garnett's brigade the men are re-enlisting encouragingly, and yesterday it was more encouraging in the Army of the Northwest. The Twenty-third Regiment, Colonel Fulkerson's, had about 20 re-enlistments..

Respectfully, your obedient servant,.

T. J. JACKSON,.

Major-General..
HEADQUARTERS,.

Centreville, February 12, 1862.

General HILL:.

GENERAL: The Legislature of Virginia has just passed a law prescribing the mode of raising the State quota of troops for the war. It will, I suppose, supersede the Confederate law on that subject as far as Virginias are concerned. I have therefore directed here that for the present no more furloughs be given to the members of Virginia regiments until the decision of the two Governments in the case. You will oblige me by doing so in Colonel Radford's regiment..

To prevent the people living near and within the enemy's [lines] from coming within our lines, I have ordered our outposts not to permit the country people to pass. You will oblige me by giving no passes to market people or others who have not really military business here..

Very respectfully, yours, truly,J. E. JOHNSTON..

HEADQUARTERS,.

Centreville, February 12, 1862.

[General WHITING:]

MY DEAR GENERAL: I have just received your note of yesterday.* I think I have told you to keep down the furloughs as much below 20 per cent. as you please..

It will not do the send your arms to Richmond. You'll never see them again if you do..

As to what Burnside may or can do, it depends so much upon the preparations our Government has made, of which we know nothing, that I can't guess. Our people ought to be able to drive them away from the Roanoke if they attempt to enter it. I am glad (keep this to yourself) that B. didn't come up the Potomac..

In the event of invasion you would, of course, command the troops beyond the Occoquan. They may, therefore, now be considered as under your command, except Holmes'..

Jasper has just come in, and desires me to say that he has received a letter from your mother, which he left with his wife. All [well?]. The date January 5..

I can't comprehend how or why that expedition up the Tennessee has been permitted..

Very truly, yours,.

J. E. JOHNSTON..

---------------

*Not found..

---------------

