
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,.

Centreville, February 16, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge your letter of the 11th instant, in relation to Captain Rhett, and that of Captain Dyerle to you, dated February 8, referred to me..

I think that you were mistaken in regarding General Beauregard as the commander of these troops. I have been so considered here and so styled by yourself..

More furloughs have already been granted than the condition of the army will justify. I hope, therefore, that you will not require a rule published to the army to be broken in the case of Captain Rhett's company. The army is so much weakened by loss of officers from sickness and soldiers on furlough, that I am compelled to use every man in the way in which he can serve best. It is essential that this authority should not be taken from me. Captain Dyerle's company is serving as infantry, as it engaged to do for a year. It would be useless as artillery..

The granting authority to raise artillery companies from our present force of infantry has interfered very much with the object of your order Numbers 1. Besides the persons having such authority, many other have been induced by their success to attempt to form such companies, and have thereby injured the reorganization of our infantry. The infantry which has been converted into artillery is excellent as such, but entirely ignorant of artillery. We therefore lose decidedly by the change..

The rules of military correspondence require that letters addressed to you by members of this army should pass through my office. Let me ask, for the sake of discipline, that you have this rule enforced. It will save much time and trouble, and create the belief in the army that I am its commander, and, moreover, will enable you to see both sides of every case (the military and personal at once)..

I have just received information from General Whiting that the enemy's forces near Evansport have just been considerably increased both on land and water, and from General Jackson that from Moorefield the enemy has a graded road to Strasburg, passing a good deal to the south of Winchester..

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,.

J. E. JOHNSTON,.

General..

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEP'T OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,.

Numbers 49. February 16, 1862.

Brigadier General D. R. Jones is ordered to report to Major General G. W. Smith, commanding First Division, for duty with the brigade recently commanded by Brigadier General S. Jones..

By command of General Johnston:.

A. P. MASON,.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General..

HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,.

Winchester, Va., February 17, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,.

Commanding Department of Northern Virginia:.

GENERAL: Your letter of the 14th instant, respecting the disposition of General Loring's command, has been received..

