
for him, but if you desire additional fortifications constructed for the defense of Winchester, please state what shall be their character, and I will put him at work immediately after his arrival. The subject of fortifying is of such importance as to induce me to consult you before moving in the matter. If you think that this place will be adequately re-enforce if attacked, then it appears to me that it should be strongly fortified. I have reason to believe that the enemy design advancing on this place in large force. The Seventh and Fourteenth Tennessee Regiment left, via Snicker's Gap, for Manassas on the 22nd. The remaining part of General Loring's command can move at any time, but I deem it prudent to retain them until other troops arrive, or until something further is heard from you respecting their marching. The Third Arkansas Regiment left here on the 22nd for the purpose of taking the cars at 7 a. m. this morning, at Strasburg, en route for Fredericksburg. General Holmes requested that the Seventh and Fourteenth Tennessee Regiments should move to Manassas, where they should halt until they should receive orders to go to Evansport..

I am making arrangements to construct, if practicable, a raft bridge at Castleman's, so the troops at Leesburg and this place can co-operate with the least loss of time. If the two places were connected by telegraph several hours would be saved. From last advices 3,000 of the troops that were at Patterson's Creek had gone west, and i suppose that their destination was Kentucky. I have understood that a large force is being sent to that region from the Federal Army of the Potomac. My opinion is that Lander relies on Banks for re-enforcements since the completion of the railroad to Hancock, and that the boats of which I recently spoke to you answer the double purpose of receiving re-enforcements and also of retreating to the north side of the Potomac in case of a reverse..

From last advices there were about 600 of the enemy at New Creek and Piedmont; only guards at Cumberland, Patterson's Creek, and North Branch Railroad Bridge below Cumberland; about 400 are near the mouth of the South Branch recruiting, moving from farm to farm as they consume the forage..

Respectfully, your obedient servant,.

T. J. JACKSON,.

Major-General..

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,.

Richmond, Va., February 25, 1862.

To the PRESIDENT:.

SIR: In responded to the resolution of the House of Representatives of the 19th instant, asking that the President communicate the report of Major General Thomas J. Jackson respecting the recent operations of the division under his command in the Valley District of Virginia; also report of Colonel George Lay, inspector-general of the Department of Northern Virginia, as to the condition of the Valley District, I have the honor to report:.

1st. That Major-General Jackson has made no such report to this Department as is above called for..

2nd. That the report of Colonel Lay, made without actual inspection on his part of any portion of the army under General Loring's command, and composed in a great degree of ex-parte statements of other officers,.

