
is not of such nature as can be communicated to the House without detriment to the public service..

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

J. P. BENJAMIN,.

Secretary of War..

CENTREVILLE, VA., February 25, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:.

The following dispatch just received from General Huger, at Norfolk, viz:.

NORFOLK, February 25, 1862.

General S. COOPER:.

I have just learned through a reliable person who has just arrived by flag of truce that large means of transportation have been sent from Baltimore and Hagerstown, Md., for the purpose of carrying troops to Hancock, and from thence to be thrown across the river to attack Winchester, Va., which they expect to have in a few days..

BENJ. HUGER..

You are authorized by the Department to withdraw the troops from the Valley District should you deem proper..

S. COOPER..

HEADQUARTERS,.

Centreville, February 25, 1862.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:.

I respectfully inclose a copy of a report by Major-General Jackson.*

Brigadier-General Whiting informs me that Brigadier-General French and Captain Chatard think it impracticable to make the desired movement by water. I submit General French's letter on the subject.+ The land transportation would, it seems to me, require too much time and labor, even were the roads tolerable. They are not now practicable for our field artillery with their teams of four horses..

The army is crippled and its discipline greatly impaired by the want of general officers. The four regiments observing the fords of the Lower Occouquan are commanded by a lieutenant-colonel; and, besides, a division of five brigades is without generals; and at least half the field officers are absent-generally sick..

The accumulation of subsistence stores at Manassas is now a great evil. The Commissary-General was requested more than once to suspend those supplies. A very extensive meat-packing establishment at Thoroughfare is also a great incumbrance. The great quantities of personal property in our camps is a still greater one. Much of both kinds of property must be sacrificed in the contemplated movements..

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,.

J. E. JOHNSTON,.

General..

ENGINEER BUREAU,.

Richmond, February 25, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,.

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:.

GENERAL: I have exerted myself to supply you promptly with competent engineers, but have only partially succeeded. The greatest diffi-

---------------

*Probably that of February 21, of operations since November 4 in the Valley District. See p.l 389.

+Not found..

---------------

