
culty I have not been able to overcome-that of sending you a suitable chief to direct them. After much thought I most respectfully make the following suggestion: In a matter of such importance, could not a brigadier-general be temporarily assigned to duty as your chief engineer? General Whiting, major of Engineers, C. S. A., would doubtless render great service in that capacity. Should it be too inconvenient to detail him temporarily, General R. E. Rodes is most admirably fitted for the position by talent, education, and experience. He is an engineer of great attainments, accustomed to organizing and directing engineering enterprises, and I fell perfectly certain, from personal knowledge, just such a man as you need in this crisis. He can also probably suggest to you the names of several capable engineers on other duty under your command,l and thus augment the list of available officer given on the next page..

With great respect, your obedient servant,.

A. L. RIVES,.

Acting Chief Engineer Bureau..

HEADQUARTERS,.

Centreville, February 27, 1862.

[General W. H. C. WHITING:]

MY DEAR GENERAL: Yours of yesterday was received last [night]..

Your picture is dark. I have others to look at which are so likewise; none, however, so much so as yours..

I don't know why you seem to suppose a change of intention in speaking of not putting Hood in command ont he Occoquan. It seems to me during Colonel Hampton's illness that it is especially important, connected with necessary preparations. You know the matter which you came up to have explained is a measure of the Government, which I can't change, although I wish most heartily that Mc. would. If we could beat him, we might move at our leisure. In the other event all embarrassments of transportation would be removed and the way to the rear passed over expeditiously..

I am trying to get additional transportation, but the quantity must be very small. The want of an efficient staff is now more seriously felt than ever..

The time must depend upon the rate of preparation, which has, so far, been even slower than I expected. Three days absolutely lost, and enormous supplies to remove. You must prepare as well as you can. I will send you such help as I can, by hope to be able to afford little only.;.

In case of advance, look that we are not separated. If the enemy's army is divided, the distance between ought not be so great as from this turnpike to the Telegraph road. The two portions would have one first object-to defeat our army. The batteries are taken thereby. Remember I have always urged the importance of your watching that they do not get between us by Wolf Run and Bacon Race. It is all-important..

In regard to the march of the Occoquan troops, if it can be expedited by taking the course you suggest, I am willing. It is a question of roads, which I cannot answer. The farther west they can strike the railroad the better..

The orders here, given by division commanders, are to put the troops.

