
Recent disasters have depressed the weak and are depriving us of the aid of the wavering; traitors show the tendencies heretofore concealed, and the selfish grow clamorous for local and personal interests. At such an hour the wisdom of the trained and the steadiness of the brave possess a double value..

The military paradox, that impossibilities must be rendered possible, had never better occasion for its application..

The engineers for whom you asked have been ordered to report to you, and further additions will be made to your list of brigadier-generals..

Let me hear from you often and fully..

Very truly and respectfully, yours,.

JEFFERSON DAVIS..

CENTREVILLE, February 28, 1862.

General WHITING:.

MY DEAR GENERAL: Yours of yesterday was received this afternoon. I inclose your statement in Major Humphrey's case; it had been mislaid..

The passage you quote from my letter of yesterday refers only to the case of our being attacked in our present position; not to what might happen on a march. I mean by "this turnpike" that through Fairfax Court-House..

Publish nothing about the move until we are all ready. We may indeed have to start before we are ready. General Hill reports that the enemy has crossed the Potomac at Harper's Ferry on a pontoon bridge, and yesterday occupied Charlestown. His scout reported the size of the train of the latter troops seventy-two wagons. He is also occupying the Loudoun Heights. If he drives Jackson out of Winchester we shall be compelled to fall back at once. I have some apprehension that he may attempt the turning operation through Loudoun by crossing the Shenandoah and taking the road at the end of the mountain..

Your order of march is good and your arrangements judicious; only don't publish anything until it is necessary. Make no unnecessary confidences..

I propose to let G. W. [Smith] and Longstreet follow his turnpike, and the remaining troops the railroad and country road near it, using the cars to some extent for baggage wagons.

Yours, truly,.

J. E. JOHNSTON,.

General..

Since writing the above I have received a note from Stuart's man Burke, whom I sent up as a scout, written in Berryville yesterday. He says that the bridge at Harper's Ferry is of canal-boats; that the enemy's pickets are 3 miles out; that a large party of their cavalry had on the 27th come within 3 miles of Charlestown, sending a party of 25 into the town, who carried off 3 prisoners..

Hurry Archie Cole. We have a few horses to distribute after his inspection..

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEP'T OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,.

Numbers 63. February 28, 1862.

I. Brigadier General George E. Pickett, P. A. C. S., is assigned to duty with.

