
tion, is the practice of giving authority to officers or soldiers to raise companies in the different one-year regiments, usually, frequently at least, to be converted into artillery. In this way the reorganization of our excellent infantry is interfered with, and artillery companies organized, which will be no better than if formed of new volunteers. This is in violation, too, of the law "granting furloughs," &amp;c., which distinctly limits the period for reorganization to the expiration of the term of the present enlistment. The terms of service of some of these regiments do not expire until July and August..

This practice is also in direct opposition to the regulation of the War Department on this subject of re-enlistments, which I am required to carry into effect. This system absolutely cultivates discontent and dissatisfaction among the men. It has been my aim, so far as practicable and the laws permitted, to preserve the present organization. The reason for this it is unnecessary to present to you, a trained soldier. But this object cannot be even approximately attained if the present practices at the War Department are continued..

The object of the Provisional Congress in authorizing persons to raise troops and giving contingent commissions was, as I understood it, to procure additional troops, new levies, and was not designed to interfere with the present organization of the army..

My object in writing to your excellency on this subject is to invoke your protection of the discipline and organization of this army. My position makes me responsible for the former, but the corresponding authority has been taken from me. Let me urge its restoration. The course of the Secretary of War has not only impaired discipline, but deprived me of the influence in the army, without which there can be little hope of success. I have respectfully remonstrated with the honorable Secretary, but without securing his notice..

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,.

J. E. JOHNSTON,.

General..

WINCHESTER, VA., March 3, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,.

Commanding Department of Virginia:.

DEAR GENERAL: This morning I received your letter of the 1st instant.* I do not believe that the enemy will occupy Millwood so long as we are in possession of Winchester. Should I have to leave this place and fall back beyond the line of Strasburg and Front Royal, I will, if the condition of the roads will admit of it, follow the Sourth Branch of the Shenandoah; if not, I will, unless otherwise directed, move along the Valley turnpike. Upon reaching New Market, which is 8 miles beyond Mount Jackson, I will have a choice of good roads, one leading to Luray, which is on the east side of the Sourth Branch of the Shenandoah. Luray is 36 miles, I understand, from Culpeper Court-House, and the two points connected by a good road. After leaving New Market another good road can, if necessary, be followed, so as to strike the Sourth Branch a little higher up, and passes through Madison Court-House, and so on to Gordonsville..

My position at New Market would also enable me to move on towards Staunton, if the enemy should move in that direction. My principal.

---------------

*Not found..

---------------

