
HEADQUARTERS,.

Richmond, Va., March 5, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,.

Commanding, &amp;c., Army of Northern Virginia:.

GENERAL: It has been reported that some of the enemy's gunboats have reached West Point. The President is apprehensive that they may ascend the Pamunkey before the obstructions in that river are completed, and thus get possession of the grain, &c., in that valley. He thinks if you could send a good light battery, supported by infantry, to a favorable point on the Pamunkey, it would have the effect of delaying the advance of the enemy, if not of preventing him. Not knowing your position or movements, I do not know whether this is practicable. He is also anxious to receive a reply to his dispatch to you of the 1st instant. As it may not have reached you, I inclose a copy.*

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,.

R. E. LEE,.

General..

HEADQUARTERS,.

Centreville, March 5, 1862.

His EXCELLENCY:.

Mr. PRESIDENT: In connection with one of the subjects of my letter of the 1st instant, I respectfully submit herewith a handbill said to be circulating in our camps. Several such recruiting advertisements have been pointed out to me in newspapers. It is said that such cases are common; that many officers profess to have letters from the honorable Secretary of War authorizing them to raise troops, endowed with special privileges, which would render them worthless as soldiers should their generals be weak enough to respect such privileges..

It is easy to perceive how ruinous to the reorganization of our excellent infantry such a system must be, and how it is calculated to produce present discontent and future mutiny..

I have just directed that a citizen should be excluded from the camps who professes to have the privilege granted by the War Department of raising troops in this army for local service in "the valley."

I beg you not to think me importunate for again addressing you on this subject. I feel simply the interest of a true citizen of the Confederacy in this army, and am conscious of no other motive..

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,.

J. E. JOHNSTON,.

General..

HEADQUARTERS,.

Centreville, March 5, 1862.

General WHITING:.

MY DEAR GENERAL: The embarrassments you mention are great. I hope that Major Barbour gave you relief which may serve until a change of situation, which will be (between us alone) in two or three days. It ought to have been four or five days ago, but the enemy being still and the country in such condition, I didn't like to sacrifice anything. If I telegraph "It is time," give your orders, and move. Hampton should.

---------------

*Not found..

---------------

