
have a start of some hours. How would it do for him to start after dark, leaving pickets, and march to the road leading from Bacon Race to your camp, bivouac, and march at your hour next morning?

I will write again to-morrow..

J. E. JOHNSTON..

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEP'T OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,.

Numbers 70. March 5, 1862.

I. The reserve artillery corps under command of Colonel W. N. Pendleton is temporarily assigned to duty with the First Division, Army of the Potomac, and will report directly to Major General G. W. Smith, commanding division..

II. The battalion of Washington Artillery under command of Captain B. F. Eshleman, is temporarily assigned to duty with the Second Division, Army of the Potomac, and will report directly to Major General J. Longstreet, commanding division..

By command of General Johnston:.

A. P. MASON,.

Assistant Adjutant-General..

HEADQUARTERS,.

Centreville, March 6, 1862.

Brigadier-General HILL:.

GENERAL: I have your note of yesterday. You are right to take the armed militia with you. The unarmed, however, it seems to me, would be an incumbrance. I'd leave them..

The only purpose the militia placed in the forts could serve would be to employ, or rather delay, the enemy for a few hours. Should you not have that to do, it is best to take them with you..

Unless you can burn extensively enough to harm the enemy, I should think little good would result..

I will order three days' provisions for 3,200 men to be sent to the Plains Station for you..

In crossing the railroad, destroy the bridges within reach on both sides of you. Your cavalry can do it..

Yours, truly,.

J. E. JOHNSTON,.

General..

HEADQUARTERS,.

Centreville, March 6, 1862.

General WHITING:.

MY DEAR GENERAL: I ordered forage to you, which was reported sent yesterday morning. I cannot learn from you by telegraph, as I have tried to do, if you have received it..

Cole writes that your officers are to get horses this morning. I wish that you had asked directly for what was necessary..

I have fixed upon Saturday morning for the move. Mention it ot no once until necessary. To-morrow give Hampton his instructions, and confer with French, who must move about the time you do. I send a letter to him, which need not be delivered until to-morrow..

