
Should you fail to receive a dispatch from me every day, please let me know. I received none from General Hill yesterday, and I fear that the enemy is the cause of it, as he writes to me with great regularity..

My stores and sick have been removed from here, except a few sick, who cannot be moved with safety. I am establishing a hospital of 150 beds in Woodstock. I see in the Whig of yesterday that the Washington news of the 3rd states that Lander is dead and that Shields is his successor..

Respectfully, your obedient servant,.

T. J. JACKSON,.

Major-General..

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,.

Richmond, March 7, 1862.

To the PRESIDENT:.

I have the honor to report that I have read General J. E. Johnston's letter of March 3 to you, with your indorsement, directing me to report if any increase can be made to the number of cars and engines at Manassas. All the cars belonging to the Virginia Central Railroad in running order are on the Orange road. All the engines which are acceptable, exception, are on that road; that one is kept to run the mail train between Richmond and Gordonsville. From report of conductors sent from the Central road to Manassas, I am inclined to think that there are too many trains now on that road; they are not able to pas each other on the turnouts. Some engines have been thirty-six hours making the trip from manassas to Gordonsville. Some cars sent on Sunday night last were at Gordonville on Thursday morning. A letter from the superintendent of the Orange road to the president of Virginia Central Railroad states that he excepts to have all the stores away from Manassas this (Friday) evening..

Some pork on the Manassas road would require four or five days more for removal..

The cars and engines of the Manassas Gap road and Orange road and Virginia Central road are all, I believe, in use at Manassas. No further increase can be made..

I respectfully return General Johnston's letter, and am, your most obedient servant,.

A. C. MYERS,.

Quartermaster-General..

HEADQUARTERS CAMP FISHER, March 7, 1862.

Colonel WADE HAMPTON:.

MY DEAR COLONEL: I have just received notice from General Johnston, in which he tells me he has decided on Saturday morning (to-morrow) for the move. You will therefore act accordingly. For your information I send you a copy of the order I have prepared for my own brigade and which will be issued to them this evening.* In your place I would get my wagons off by all means during the night, or, what would be perhaps better, this evening, bivouacking where you are and being all ready to make your march in the morning. The movement of the wagons would not then be heard on the frozen ground, and would only be taken, if discovered, for the usual supply trains..

Let me know when your troops start from all points and keep me advised. When I am satisfied that you are well on your way, and not.

---------------

*See p. 531.

---------------

