
till then, I will move mine. I shall endeavor to get my baggage off, of course, according to the programme which you see..

General Johnston thinks the Occoquan is not fordable. If we are not attacked, try and pass the Chopawamsic on your march. let your pickets remain as long as they can, all day and night, if the enemy will let them. They can escape-those mounted. The infantry picket may follow a few hours after you..

Very truly, yours,.

W. H. C. WHITING,.

Brigadier-General, Commanding..

HEADQUARTERS, CAMP FISHER, March 7, 1862.

Colonel HAMPTON:.

MY DEAR COLONEL: All the baggage trains, caissons, &amp;c., you can get off this evening, even if it is only to make a start, will be an immense gain. Pack and send off all you can to-day. We will have to bivouac for one or two days any way, and may as well begin to-night..

Send word to Lee. Your march will commence as soon after your wagons are gone as to give them a fair start. If you can get off the wagons to-night you can march early in the morning..

Yours,.

W. H. C. WHITING,.

Brigadier-General..

HEADQUARTERS, CAMP FISHER, March 7, 1862.

Colonel WADE HAMPTON:.

MY DEAR COLONEL: I will telegraph to Major Barbour to let you have some wagons if he can. Whether my order will get them I know not..

Your infantry pickets ought to let you get a good start, while the cavalry pickets, each one provide with a feed or two of corn, ought to remain as long as the enemy will let them and then make their escape. Your cavalry should in any event abandon the country very slowly, because it is of the utmost importance that we should have some here after we leave, to give us information of the enemy's movements. Almost all the citizens are, as you know, disaffected. Select a good officer for your picket service. When the time comes I will send you over an order I have prepared, but not yet published, for my own brigade..

As to march, starting, &c., don't you think the enemy may discover the movement of your wagons over the hills near Occoquan unless they were moved under darkness?

I shall hear from General Johnston very shortly..

Very truly, yours,.

W. H. C. WHITING,.

Brigadier-General..

HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,.

Winchester, March 8, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,.

Commanding Department of Northern Virginia:.

GENERAL: I greatly desire to hold this place so far as may be consistent with your views and plans, and am making arrangements, by con-

