
We were detained at Manassas until Sunday evening, late. The performance of the Winchester Railroad was pleasant to witness, compared with that of the Orange and Alexandria on this recent occasion. We destroyed nearly four days' rations for men and about as many for horses-of grain, that is to say. The depot had been filled far beyond me wishes, and some 10,000 bushels of corn were sent up just before we left..

Four brigades following the railroad crossed the river day before yesterday here; G. W.'s division on the same day be the Warrenton road. Longstreet is looking for better roads farther west, or perhaps a smaller stream. Two brigades coming by Brentsville crossed here yesterday; about the same time G. W. encamped near Culpeper Court-House. Stuart is at Warrenton, his line running down to the Brentsville road and some 10 miles in our front. A reserve depot was established at Culpeper Court-house last fall. We shall remain here to empty it, then cross the Rapidan, and communicate with you by the plank road..

D. H. Hill, with the Leesburg garrison, is with Longstreet; G. B. Anderson, with that of Manassas, is here. What is become of the Page? You should not be near Fredericksburg..

Yours, truly,.

J. E. JOHNSTON..

You have read Commodore Buchanan's exploits. May it not retard enterprise of the enemy by water?

RAPPAHANNOCK BRIDGE, March 13, 1862.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:.

GENERAL: I have just been informed by Major-General Jackson, whose letter was written yesterday morning, that he had left Winchester and was falling back to the neighborhood of Strasburg. He expected to encamp last night near Cedar Creek..

General Jackson abandoned Winchester because threatened be greatly superior forces..

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,.

J. E. JOHNSTON,.

General..

RICHMOND, VA., March 13, 1862.

Brigadier General H. HETH, Commanding, &amp;c., Lewisburg, Va.;

GENERAL: As far as I can ascertain from the records in the Adjutant-General's Office, the force under your command consists of the Twenty-second and Forty-fifth Virginia Regiments and the Eighth Regiment Virginia Cavalry. Please inform me of your actual force and whether you cannot increase it from the adjoining counties. Under the proclamation of the governor the present regiments must be filled up to the number designated before additional regiments can be received. I inclose authority from the governor to call our the militia in case of necessity, and you are desired to report what may be the prospect of recruiting your army in the Kanawha Valley and the counties west of the Alleghany..

I am, &c.,.

R. E. LEE,.

General, Commanding..

