
P. S.- Should the militia be called out, you will take measures not to interfere with the counties in which General H. Marshall is operating..

Official:.

W. H. TAYLOR,.

Assistant Adjutant-General..

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. General 'S OFFICE,.

Numbers 14. Richmond, March 13, 1862.

General Robert E. Lee is assigned to duty at the seat of government; and, under the direction of the President, is charged with the conduct of military operations in the armies of the Confederaty ..

By command of the Secretary of War:.

S. COOPER,.

Adjutant and Inspector General..

RICHMOND, VA., March 14, 1862.

Major General T. H. HOLMES, Commanding, &amp;c., Fredericksburg, Va.:

GENERAL: At the time the position of Fort Lowry was selected it was supposed to be the lowest point at which the river could be defended with the guns then available. I do not know what may be its present strength, or whether there may not be other points above better calculated to arrest the ascent of the Rappahannock by the enemy's boats. I request, shoul dyou not already have done so, that you will cause examinations to be made as to the best point that can be taken for this purpose. All other thinkgs being equal, the lowest the batteries that may be erected, a barrier should be placed in the bed of the river below, and close under their guns. The locality should therefore be chosen with this view. Please advise me of the condition of affairs on the river and what, in your opinion, can be done to close its navigation to the enemy..

I am, &c.,.

R. E. LEE,.

General, Commanding..

RICHMOND, VA., March 14, 1862.

Major General T. H. HOLMES, Commanding, &c., Fredericksburg, Va.;

GENERAL: The retirement of your defensive line to the Rappahannock River causes me to call your attention to the propriety of securing all provisions, &c., in your front, and partucularly that exposed in the Northern Neck of Virginia. I think it probable that you have already made arrangements for that purpose; but as I have experienced how difficult it is for the farmers to procure the necessary transportation to effect this object, at a time when it becomes necessary to forward their families and property to places of security, I thought it might be necessary for you to render them every facility in your power. Should it be determined to rest your right at Fort Lowry, supplies of provisions could be accumulated there for the troops in that direction, and a depot.

