
rick, about 46 of my own company, I proceeded towards Accotink, interrogating all pedestrians and examining all houses and outbuildings on our way thither, until we reached Accotink, where we learned that a number of cavalry of the enemy were this morning at Pohick Church, whither we immediately proceeded. Our advanced pickets, upon nearing the church, thought they discovered a whole army, and immediately retreated, communicating directly with the men instead of me, thereby causing a stampede. After a little delay I succeeded in rallying our men together, and immediately retraced our steps. The road being narrow, we were unable to proceed to much advantage. Being in advance myself, upon getting up to the main road I was suddenly brought face to face with the enemy, whom I should judge to have been about 20 strong. The enemy were the first to challenge, and were evidently prepared to meet us, as they were in line at the side of the road (they being apprised of our coming by our advanced pickets, who had been previously challenged). After the usual war salutations I gave the order to charge, and our men shouted, cheered, and charged.

Immediately beyond the church are cross-roads. The enemy separated on the three roads, and our men divided and followed in hot pursuit. One party pursued within a short distance of Occoquan, both parties shooting as they road. At the cross-roads were three men in ambush, and it is believed that these were the men who fired on us. Our loss is one killed (Jacob Erwen, sho through the body), and two missing (Williams and Lancaster), who were thrown from their horses. We cannot say whether the enemy lost any or not, but it is said one of the enemy was short in the arm, and another fell on his horse's neck, and seemed to be unable to manage his horse. The enemy were well mounted, had very superior horses, and were enabled to outfought us, and thus make their escape. It is my opinion that had we some infantry with us we would have been able to outflank them and taken some prisoners. Our dead we brought home with us.

I desire to make honorable mention of our guide, Lieutenant Gibson, Second Dragoons, U. S. Army.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

WM. H. BOYD,

Captain Company C, Lincoln Cavalry.

Brigadier-General FRAKLIN.

AUGUST 23, 1861.-Engagement between Confederate Batteries at mouth of Potomac Creek, Virginia, and U. S. Steamers Yankee and Release.

Report of Colonel R. M. Cary, Thirtieth Virginia Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS, MALBOROUGH POINT,August 23, 1861.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that this afternoon at about 4.30 o'clock the enemy's steamer Yankee and a tug were seen standing in the mouth of Potomac Creek. I ordered down to the point the siege rifled gun (Betty Holmes) and a section (rifle) of Walker's battery.

The enemy fired the first shot, not aimed at this point, however, Smith's battery replied. As soon as our field opened the U. S. steamer Release (ice-boat) stood in and engaged us..

