
Further, from a secure position like Dogwood Gap comparatively rapid marches may be made within striking distance with the efficiency of double the number of men without this stronghold to fall back upon, because, leaving the baggage and provision in security, such marches may be made with what the men carry in their haversacks, or with one wagon, with picked team, per regiment, instead of with a number of under-horsed wagons, requiring the expedition force to guard them and delaying their advance. Hence with a secure possession of the gap, 400 or 500 men, and in a few days a much larger number, may be detached with impunity and efficiency, either to operate on the Sunday Road, or up to carnifix Ferry, or toward the Fayetteville road and New River. This, if the force be divided, by detachment (beyond reach) of even one regiment, would become impossible. Without a nucleus to fall back upon nothing, in my opinion, can be effected-and it is little more than a nucleus now, although a valuable one. Dividing at this time would be like breaking up an army into isolated files. Not only the future efficiency and the present usefulness but the actual safety of the Legion would be unwarrantable imperiled under present circumstances by any but a very prudent course, and I must respectfully put on record my protest against the execution of certain orders which you have mentioned, and which, I am sure, could only have been conceived under erroneous impressing as to the strength and condition of the corps.

I am, general, respectfully, yours,

C. F. HENNINGSEN.

Brigadier General H. A. WISE, Commanding Wise's Legion.

AUGUST 26, 1861.-Action at Cross-Lanes, near Summersville, W. Va.

Reports of Brigadier General William S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army.

CLARSBURG, August 28, 1861.

General Cox reports, under date 27th, Seventh Ohio, under Tyler, advanced regiment at Cross-Lanes, below Summersville, was surprised by Floyd while eating his breakfast, and dispersed. Baggage trains saved and half the regiment come in. Other half continued to straggle in. Floyed, with five regiments and three guns, at Cross-Lanes, 5 miles below Summersville. Wise, with about the same force, on New River. General reports give Lee and Loring 10,000 men at Huntersville. Troops sickly. Reynolds endeavoring to get close information to-day. News not in yet. I have twenty-two companies infantry, one of cavalry, two guns at Sutton, and Mack's battery; one regiment of ten companies at Bulltown to-night; ten companies more and mountain-howitzer battery will probably reach there to-morrow; eight companies of infantry to-morrow night; fifteen companies now on rail for this place, to go down as soon as possible; total, sixty-five infantry. They will be down there by Saturday evening. This will be all I can spare, unless news from Cheat Mountain indicates the possibility of using some of the eight regiments there.

ROSECRANS.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND.

AUGUST 298, 1861.

Dispatch from General Cox says "that Seventh Ohio, 5 miles below Summersville, on Gualey road, was overpowered by superior numbers .

