
I learned their force was three companies regularly posted, and 1,000 lately advanced to re-enforce them, making in all about 1,250 infantry, 75 troopers, and several pieces of artillery, entrenched on the west side of Big Creek. The road these passes down a hill nearly north to the bridge, on the east side of Big Creek, crosses and passes up on the west side, nearly to its forks, through deep gorges, and then cuts at an acute angle, sharp and sudden, around a terrapin-backed mountain, very steep, and runs quite back to New River, making the position very strong, and suddenly bringing my advancing column exposed to a full sweep of artillery. On the north terminus of the mountain we found the advance of the enemy posted. My force was three regiments of infantry, reduced to six companies each (by forces left at Dogwood), and these companies, reduced by measles to about 50 each, effective men, making 900 infantry, and three pieces of artillery (a howitzer, a rifle, and smooth bore 6 pounder), and about 300 effective horse, of no use in the attack.

Moreover, I reduced my force to tow regiments by sending Colonel Anderson, with the Second, back to Turkey Creek, to take a trace-road, leading from Turkey Creek to the mountain ridge, and thence around head of Big Creek, to fall on the enemy's left flank. To contest the bridge and the angle of the road there I had but 600 infantry and 3 pieces of artillery. I tried the enemy by passing a few men over unmolested, and thereby I knew he meant to entrap us. Determined to feel his very pulse, I passed three companies straight across Big Creek to the opposite side of a teen mountain, and drove him up the over. they fled incontinency, dropping guns, hats, canteens, &amp;c., and my men gained the summit, and blocked down into their very camps, keeping upon them an irregular skirmish fire. They were studiously hid on the other side, but we saw their tents, cannon, and baggage train in close gun-shot. I then shelled the mountain side, and drove them from the point of the road next to me, and they answered my howitzer with a rifled gun. Clearing the mountain side, we paused for Anderson. Unfortunately he lost his way, and returned, effecting nothing. I then fell back and encamped so as to cover Miller's Ferry and Liken's Mill, near the Hawk's Nest, and here I am determined to incubate a brood of results in that eyre, if I can, in co-operation with Generals Chapman and Beckley. I have sent Caskie (of cavalry) already down Loop Creek, below the Falls of Kanawha, to strike a blow, and on salute their camp at Gauley Bridge, where they are said to have eighteen pieces of all calibers. I omitted to say, while waiting for Anderson, that the enemy were re-enforced by six companies and several pieces of artillery from Gauley. When Aderson came up we would have had to attack 1,800 or 2,000 (double our number), and, having gained my point, I fell back. I shall cross New River with part of my forces, and I repeat my request to be defended from these vexatious orders of General Floyd. Let me get out of the way of these, and I will enter the Kanawha Valley near Charleston.

I beg you to order me south of New River. Now that General Floyd has tow regiments added to his command from Georgia and North Carolina, he will have near 4,000 troops without me, and can deed this turnpike and Carnifix, too, without my Legion; and he will not be without it either, for my movement on Charleston will weaken the enemy at Gauley in every way more than anything else can. Please take command of me. I had rather have your censure then than your compliments now, acting under and not co-operating with General Floyd. .

.

