
plan. By this time it became dusk, the men were exhausted, the brush thick and tangled, the strength and condition of the rebels, as well as the extent of their works, very imperfectly known. At the same time came a report from Colonel W. S. Smith, stating that it would be impossible for his command to make their way through the brush and attack from the position which they occupied, as shown on the plan, owing to the darkness; a like report came to me from Lieutenant-Colonel Sondershoff, commanding the Ninth, who, while avowing himself ready to obey orders, stated that he did not believe the men in their present state of exhaustion would be able to make the assault.

Under these circumstances I deemed it prudent to withdraw our forces from the woods to the open field in rear of the entrenched camp. (See bottom of the plan.) To cover this withdrawal, the batteries which had discontinued firing were ordered into position, and directed, in a tone of voice intended to be heard by the enemy, to give them "Hail Columbia," and with the same intention the Ninth was called for and ordered to ambush them well. The regimental commanders were then ordered to lead their men quietly out by the flank, while the Ninth and the Third Brigade, including Mack's battery,w ere directed from their position, as shown in the plan, to dispose themselves to cover the movement and prevent the mischief which might have been done by a vigorous sortie. Captain Harstsuff directed the columns as they withdrew through the narrow roads and amidst the darkness and separated the commands in the field in rear of the Third Brigade; after which, all my staff being worn-out, I arranged the troops in order of battle on ground still farther to the rear, looked after the train which remained at the point of our halt, and at 2 o'clock retired to an oat loft to sleep, leaving Colonel Ewing in command of the advanced guard posted in the woods.

The wounded were conveyed to a barn and house immediately in rear of the troops, with the exception of a few who fell near the rebels' works and were not found till the next day. More exhausted troops I never saw then ours. Early the next morning one of our sentries brought a runaway negro, who reported that the enemy had abandoned their camp during the night, crossed the Gauley, and destroyed their boats. I ordered Colonel Ewing with his troops to verify the truth of the statement, which he soon did, returning with a stand of colors. Having taken possession of the camp and a few sick prisoners, I proceeded to the extremity of the camp, and saw that the ferry was gone, foot-bridge destroyed, and the enemy's column out of sight, with the exception of a few wagons. The Gauley here runs through a deep gorge, a continuous fall for 12 or 15 miles, with here and there a small pool. The descent to the ferry from this side is by a narrow wagon track, winding around a rocky hill-side. The ascent from the other side is by a road passing up the Meadow River, which is in a deep rocky gorge, the bottom being little wider than the bed of the river and the side ascending precipitously to the height of nearly 300 feet. For 2 miles the road gradually ascends until it reaches the top of the hill, when the country becomes high, rolling, and partially cultivated.

Finding we had no means whatever of crossing the ferry, which is here 370 feet wide, pursuit was impossible, though much desired. The rebels, aware of this, left a body of skirmishers to occupy the cliffs along Meadow River down to the ferry to prevent small parties from crossing. Orders were therefore given to go into camp, that the troops might rest. Camp Gauley, the captured camp, was occupied, and the captured property taken care of, a return of which is herewith inclosed. Orders .

