
were given to Colonel McCook to drive the rebels from the others side of the river, take possession of the heights with two or three companies, and Brigadier-General Benham was directed to repair the road and ferry. General Cox had been instructed, on hearing the fire of our cannon, to operate a diversion with all his disposable troops in this direction. In expectation that our cannon would be heard, it was anticipated that he would open communication with us at least by the evening of the 11th, when, not hearing from him messengers were dispatched towards Gauley, but had such difficulty in passing his pickets that it was not until the morning of the 12th that the defeat of Floyd and his escape from us reached him. Dispatches directed him to advance with all his available force on the Lewisburg road, but cautiously, until he should find whether the rebels were in retreat or in force.

Papers found in camp showed that Floyd's force consisted of at least five regiments, two batteries, and a battalion of cavalry, and that a Georgia and a North Carolina regiment were waiting him on the Lewisburg road, and had expected to join him within a day. Wise's force not having been put at less than 2,000, I feared they might fall on and crush Cox before we could cross. I was speedily relieved from these fears by a report from him from the mouth of Sunday road, saying that the rebels were in full retreat, and he had been within two hours of their rear guard. By this time one of the small ferry-boats had ben got up, and Colonel McCook's brigade was passed over to re-enforce Cox; since which you have been advised of our movements by telegraph.

I cannot close this reports without bearing testimony to the patience, perseverance, and indomitable energy of the troops, both officers and men, under my command in this column, most of whom had been in motion over rugged mountains and rough roads for the last two months, sleeping in heavy dew and cold rains, not infrequently without tents, and several of whom had averaged 20 miles a day from the last two weeks previous to the commencement of this march. That on the day of battle they should have marched 17 1/2 miles and then fought a battle of three hours, struggling through dense forests covered wit under-growth,is a most convincing proof of these virtue, which I doubt not will excite the admiration of the Commander-in-Chief:

I beg leave also to signalize Colonel W. H. Lytle for the gallantry with which he led his troops into action; Colonel W. S. Smith for the great energy and perseverance with which he pushed the reconnaissance on the enemy's left and or his coolness and courage unloading his column to the attack, and Captain G. L. Hartsuff, Assistant Adjutant-General, who, by his presence at the head of the column and the energy and promptitude with which he directed messengers and conveyed orders, as well as the good judgment evinced in giving directions during my absence while I was reconnoitering and in separating and placing the troops as they emerged from the woods, deserves especial mention.

For details I refer you to the reports of Brigadier-General Benham, First Brigade; Colonel R. L. McCook, Second Brigade; Colonel E. P. Scammon, Third Brigade; to which, respectively, are appended the lists of the killed and wounded, amounting in the aggregate to 16 killed and 100 wounded.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.

---------------

*See report Numbers 14, p. 146.

---------------

