
The personal gallantry and chivalrous daring of Colonel Lytle are attested by his wound and the exposed position in which he received it; and the soldierly conduct and bravery of his lieutenant-colonel (Korff) and his major (Burke) I myself personally witnessed many times during the action.

In Colonel W. S. Smith, of the Thirteenth Ohio Regiment, I have found one of the most valuable and efficient officers I have ever known His great intelligence, knowledge of his profession, skill and caution, coolness and excellent judgment on all occasions, both previous to and during the action, merit my highest praise. His lieutenant-colonel (Mason), wounded during the attack upon their right flank, I saw bravely ready to guide the way to the second attack, and the major (Hawkins), both in this action and on all other occasions since my connection with this regiment, has shown himself a most courageous and valuable officer; and Lieutenant-Colonel White, of the Twelfth, I found during the action earnestly seeking the opportunity to advance against the lines of the enemy, which he soon found in joining Colonel Smith with this three companies of the Thirteenth, where he rendered most efficient service.

Of Captain Schneider, commanding the two rifled pieces of the Thirteenth Ohio Regiment, and of Captain McMullin, commanding the mountain-howitzer battery, I can speak in the highest terms for their courage and soldierly skill in the conduct of their batteries, which repeatedly silenced the artillery fire of the enemy and forced it to change positions.

And of my staff officers, but recently connected with me on such duty, I have the most satisfactory report to make. Lieutenant James O. Stanage, Thirteenth Ohio, as acting assistant adjutant-general, has constantly rendered most valuable services in the performance of his proper duties, and, together with my aide, Lieutenant S. B. Warren, Twenty-third Ohio, were constantly by my side through the hottest of the fire, while not bearing orders to the different parts of the field; and Mr. W. L. Mallory, the acting commissary and quartermaster of the brigade, rendered during the early part of the day most valuable service in arranging the advance of the column, and in accompanying the skirmishers, a duty fully as exposed and dangerous as that upon this battle-field. In coming upon the first deserted camp of the enemy, some half a mile short of the battle-field, I regretted to have to leave him in charge of the property captured there, by which during the action I lost his services, which from my knowledge of him I know would have been most useful to me.

The cavalry companies of Captains West and Gilmore, being held in reserve for emergencies, were thus prevented from having their share in the action.

I have the honor to inclose herewith the reports of Colonel Smith, Thirteenth Ohio; Lieutenant-Colonel Korff,* now commanding Tenth Ohio; Lieutenant-Colonel White, now commanding Twelfth Ohio Regiment, ad of Captain McMullin, * of the howitzer battery, the reports of the killed and wounded in each command having been previously forwarded.+

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Brigade O. V. M.

Captain GEORGE L. HARTSUFF, Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

+Embodied in report Numbers 14, p. 146.

---------------

