
command held its position, in face of a terrific fire, until every round of ammunition was expended and the companies relieved by artillery when it rejoined the right wing, already in position in front of the enemy's battery, the men dragging our guns through the woods in their progress and helping to place them in position.

For me for the first time under fire the conduct of the regiment was highly creditable. Having been disabled in the early part of the action I was necessarily separated from a greater portion of the command, but among those who came under my own notice I would especially mention Captain S. J. McGroarty, commanding the color company; Lieutenant Jno S. Mulroy, Company D; Lieutenant Fanning, Company A. Both Lieutenant Fanning and Captain McGroarty were severely wounded, the latter while rallying his men around his colors and the former in leading his men to the attack. Captains Steele and Tiernon are also worthy of special mention for their gallantry. I would also mention the name of Corporal Sullivan, Company E, who in the midst of a galling fire went across the front of the enemy's batteries and returned with water for the wounded.

Of the portion of the regiment under Major Burke that officer makes highly honorable mention of the names of Captain Ward, Company I; Captain Robinson, Company K; Captain Hudson and Lieutenant Hickey, Company C; Captain Moore, Company D; Sergeant-Major Knox, for their gallantry and intrepidity under a most destructive fire, and also of the chaplain, Rev. W. T. O'Higgins, who remained on the field during the action in performance of his sacred duties..

I beg leave to inclose a list of killed and wounded of the command.*

All of which is respectfully submitted.

WM. H. LYTLE,

Colonel Tenth Ohio Regiment, U. S. V. I.

Brigadier-General BENHAM, U. S. A.,

Commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Carr B. White, Twelfth Ohio Infantry.

CAMP SCOTT, VA., September 11, 1861.

SIR: On the 10th instant, 2 miles from the enemy's entrenchments at Carnifix Ferry, Va., the Twelfth Regiment Ohio Volunteers were detached from the column of advance, by order of General Rosecrans, to skirmish the wood to the left of the road, and after completing the work and returning to the road the regiment had not advanced more than half a mile when the firing from the advance on the enemy's lines commenced. The regiment moved at a double-quick to the enemy's encampment in a field on the left, where General Rosecrans' staff were stationed, when it was diverted to the left from the main road through the field and wood in direction of the enemy's fire. Advancing some 200 yards, it was deployed as skirmishers, facing by the rear rank, with the order from the assistant adjutant-general (George L. Hartsuff) to draw on the fire, close in, and charge the enemy's lines. the under-brush was so thick it was impossible to maintain a line, and it being im-

---------------

*Empbodied in report Numbers 14, p. 146. .

---------------

