
growth and thorns. After half an hour's climbing, Captain Schache, Colonel Smith, and myself, with about thirty of the best climbers of Company a, reached the top, when the adjutant came up and informed us that the whole command could not be brought up before 2 o'clock.

It was now pitch dark in the thicket. The men had been on their legs since 3 o'clock in the morning, without a drop of water in their canteens, and, although willing, utterly exhausted. Colonel Smith and myself concluded to descent again, fall back into the ravine, and make the assault at daybreak. The column was cautioned to face about and descent with as little noise as possible, and continued to do so for about ten minutes, when, after peculiar kind of whistling, firing suddenly commenced from the direction of the rebels, striking down many of my men. Instantly the whole extended line of my command was one sheet of fire, which lasted for some time, when, after finding the firing opposite us to cease, I, assisted by Lieutenant-Colonel Becker and Adjutant Bohlender, succeeded in collecting and forming our men again the ravine, where I found to my surprise detachments of the Thirteenth and Twenty-third Regiments on my left flank instead of on the extreme left of the column, as directed, which disregard of dispositions made three-fourths of an hour before might have brought on an indiscriminate slaughter among troops of the same army. I, with Lieutenant-Colonel Becker, became disabled by tumbling down some steep cliff, when I turned over the command to Captain Weselowski, who marched the regiment to the camp ground. Annexed you will find a list of the killed and wounded.*

I am, most respectfully, your most obedient servant,.

A. MOOR,

Colonel Twenty-eighth Ohio Regiment U. S. Infantry.

Colonel ROBERT L. McCOOK,

Ninth Reg't Ohio Vols., Commanding 2nd Brigade A. O. W. Va.

Numbers 10. Report of Colonel Frederick Poschner, Forty-seventh Ohio Infantry.

CAMP COX, September 19, 1861.

The Forty-seventh Regiment formed in line of battle with the Second Brigade, Colonel R. L. McCook commanding. Marched afterwards with the brigade near the fortifications. Formed with the Ninth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, the storming column, and retired with the same at night. None killed, wounded, or missing.+

F. POSCHNER,

Colonel, Commanding..

Numbers 11. Report of Captain Schambeck, Chicago Dragoons.

While on the march to the battle-field the company was sent ahead to destroy a ferry. While there some of the enemy, having crossed the river by way of the ferry, fired on the company, and they returned the fire.

---------------

*Embodied in report Numbers 14, p. 146.

+Force engaged foots up 18 officers and 367 enlisted men. .

---------------

