
One man, Herrman Reichert, form Chicago, a private, was wounded in the leg. When the troops were formed in line of battle the company was placed in the rear of the Second Brigade, and afterward advanced with the same into woods, but were ordered back, and took no more part in the action, except some of the men, who were employed as carriers of dispatches.

F. SCHAMBECK, Captain.

Numbers 12. Report of Colonel Eliakin P. Scammon, Twenty-third Ohio Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, A. O. W. VA.,Camp Scott, September 13, 1861.

SIR: In reference to the operations of the 10th instant I have to report that the Third Brigade, acting as a reserve corps, was not actively engaged. About 4 o'clock p. m. the brigade was ordered to form in line of battle on a hill fronting the right of the enemy's position. It was formed in two lines, the Twenty-third Regiment in front, and a detachment of the Thirtieth, under Colonel Ewing, in rear; Mack's battery of howitzers a little in advance of the infantry. Shortly after taking position, in obedience to orders from the commanding general, Major Hayes and four companies of the Twenty-third Regiment moved to the right of the enemy's entrenchments, taking position in a dense thicket, and advanced toward the enemy's works. Two of his men were wounded at this point. Their names are given below. About dark the brigade was ordered to advance along the road leading to the front of the enemy's works and await orders. The movement was executed immediately, and after waiting an hour and a half for orders to advance, it having become quite dark, orders were received to withdraw the column. We bivouacked on the hill now occupied by our camp. The names of the wounded are: Richmond Shaw, Company K, Twenty-third Regiment Ohio Volunteers, severe wound in the right leg; Timothy C. Wood, Company K, Twenty-third Regiment Ohio Volunteers, slightly wounded in the shoulder.

For a report of the subsequent service performed by Colonel Ewing's detachments of the Thirtieth Regiment, I refer you to his report, herewith inclosed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

E. P. SCAMMON,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

Captain GEORGE L. HARTSUFF, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 13. Report of Colonel Hugh Ewing, Thirteenth Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTIETH REGIMENT, O. V.,Camp Scott.

SIR: On the 10th instant three of the four companies of the Thirtieth Regiment attached to the advancing army were ordered from the rear,

10 R R-VOL V .

