
where they were under my command guarding the train, to join the Third Brigade, at that time (4 p. m.) forming the reserve of the army in its attack on the enemy's entrenchments at Eagle's Nest. I marched my men at quick-step from the rear, and took the position assigned me by Colonel E. P. Scammon, commanding the brigade, where we remained until near dark, when, with the remainder of the reserve, we moved to a position in the woods opposite the enemy's center, and remained there an hour and a half, and were ordered back to near our former position, then becoming the camp of the army. My companies, with two of the Twenty-third, formed the guard of the camp, which was placed under my direction.

At daylight on the 11th a fugitive slave from the enemy's entrenchments report the flight of the rebels, when the general commanding directed me to verify the report. I entered the entrenchments with one of my companies, finding them deserted save a few stragglers, whom I sent to the rear. I place a guard over the abandoned property, took down the flag of the enemy and placed ours in its stead, and reported to the general commanding. On the morning of the 12th I handed in a list of the prisoners, thus turning them over to the charge of the officer of the guard. My men were not under fire.

Respectfully submitted.

HUGH EWING,.

Colonel Thirtieth Regiment.

Colonel E. P. SCAMMON, Commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 14. Statement of the killed and wounded at the battle of Carnifix Ferry, September 10, 1861.

[By Asst. Surg. Horace R. Wirtz, U. S. A., acting medical director during the action.]

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.

Ninth Ohio	 1	 8

Volunteers

Tenth Ohio	 9	 50

Volunteers

Twelfth Ohio	 1	 1

Volunteers

Thirteenth Ohio	 1	 12

Volunteers

Twenty-eighth Ohio	 2	 29

Volunteers

Ohio artillery	 ...................	 4

(McMullin's)

Ohio cavalry	 3	 37

Total	 17	 141

Numbers 15. Report of Brigadier General John B. Floyd, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,Camp on the Road, September 12, 1861.

SIR: Information had reached me for some number of days that a heavy force was advancing towards my position from the direction of Clarksburg, in the northwestern part of the State. As these rumors became a certainty I made an effort to strengthen myself, first by re-enforcement, and secondly by entrenchments sufficient to withstand the very large force of the enemy. My orders to General Wise I send you copied of, and also copied of his replied.*

---------------

*See Floyd to Wise, September 9 (2); Wise to Floyd, September 9, 4 p. m.,; Floyd to Wise, September 10; Wise to Floyd, September 10, 6.30 a. m. and 12.30 p. m., in "Correspondence, etc." post..

---------------

