
I failed in procuring re-enforcement, but succeeded somewhat better in the constructions of a temporary breastwork. At 3 o'clock in the evening of the 10th of September the enemy, under command of General Rosecrans, as we learned through prisoners, of whose advance I was fully aware, at the head of ten regiments, made his appearance before entrenchments, when the battle instantly commenced. The assault was made with spirit and determination with small-arms, grape, and round shot from howitzers and rifled cannon. There was scarcely an intermission in the conflict until night put an end to the firing. The enemy's force is estimated certainly between 8,000 and 9,000 men, whilst our force engaged was less than 2,000. Upon the close of the contest of the night I discovered that it was only a question of time when we should be compelled to yield to the superiority of numbers. I therefore determined at once to recross the Gauley River and take position upon the left bank, which I accomplished without the loss of a gun or any accident whatever. Our loss, strange to say, after a continued firing upon us by cannon and small-arms for nearly four hours, was only 20 men wounded. The loss of the enemy we had no means of accurately estimating, but ware satisfied, from report of prisoners and other sources of information, it was very heavy. We repulsed them in five distinct and successive assaults, and at nightfall had crippled them to such an extent that they were in no condition whatever to molest us in our passage across the river.

I will only say that our men, without distinction, behaved with the greatest coolness, determination, and presence of mind, and while it is impossible to give praise to one portion of the force engaged over another, it is but proper to say that the artillery behaved with the greatest bravery and efficiency; that under the command of Captain Guy, who had reached me only two days before and were for the first time under fire, behaved themselves in a manner worthy of all praise.

I am very confident that I could have beaten the enemy and have marched directly to the valley of Kanawha if the re-enforcements from General Wise's column had come up when ordered and the regiments from North Carolina and Georgia could have reached me before the close of the second day's conflict. I cannot express the regret which I feel at the necessity, over which I had no control, which required that I should recross the river. I am confident that if I could have commanded the services of 5,000 men instead of 1,800, which I had, I could have opened the road directly int to the valley of the Kanawha. It would seem now as if the object to nearly-accomplished can only be attained by an advance upon the enemy by the left bank of the Kanawha River with a sufficient force at any time to give him battle. This force, if possible, ought to be collected from Tennessee and Kentucky. Their close correpondence shows distinctly enough the urgent necessity of so shaping the command in the valley of Kanawha as to insure in the future that unity of action upon which alone can rest any hope of success in military matters.

I have not thought proper to take any other notice of these transactions than to bring them to the notice of the President and Secretary of War of the Confederate States. The reasons which have induced me to take this course I am sure will not be misunderstood by either.

I apprehend the course the enemy proposes to pursue is to carry out the plans indicated by General Rosecrans to General Tyler for the invasion of the interior of the State and the seizure of Lewisburg, set forth .

