
in an intercepted letter of the latter a mouth ago. To prevent this I am in command of an actual force of 4,200 men. This force will be required to oppose the advance of General Cox and General Rosecrans, if their forces, as they undoubtedly will, number at least 12,000 men. This disparity in numbers in too great, although I will certainly give battle to the invading army at some such strong point in the mountain passes as I may hope will equalize to some extent our numbers. This may occur within the next three days, but should it be deferred for any length of time, I hope the Department will find itself able to strengthen and repulse the enemy at Rich Mountain, I will hold myself in position to fall upon his flank or rear, as circumstances may allow or my force authorize.

I have the honor to be, with the highest respect, your obedient servant,.

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Army of Kanawha.

By WILLIAM E. PETERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General Floyd Brigade.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War.

This is signed by Adjutant Peters, because an injury prevents my holding a pen.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, September 20, 1861.

Brigadier General JOHN B. FLOYD:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 12th instant, containing report of the repulse by the troops under your command of the attack made by the army of General Rosecrans with greatly superior forces. I take great pleasure in communicating to you the congratulations of the President, as well as my own, on this brilliant affair, in which the good conduct and steady valor of your whole command were so conspicuously displayed. I regret that the attack should have occurred before the arrival of any of the four regiments that were on their way to re-enforce you, and that you were thus deprived of the ability to reap the fruits of your successful repulse of the attack made on you. This Department is making efforts to send you still further re-enforcements as speedily as possible.

I inclose copy of an order issued by the President's instructions to General Wise, by virtue of which his whole command is turned over to you.

Your obedient servant,.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, September 20, 1861.

Brigadier General HENRY A. WISE,

Gauley River, via Lewisburg, Va.:

SIR: You are instructed to turn over all the troops heretofore immediately under command to General Floyd, and report yourself in .

