
left camp at 1 o'clock a. m., and proceeded tot he place designated through various by-paths, without disturbing the enemy's pickets,a nd arrived there at daybreak. The command was divided into two wings, to guard the approach of the enemy. Soon after the men had been posted firing was heard in the direction of Lewinsville, and a body of cavalry came from the direction of Falls Church, and when eneavoring to pass where we were posted our men were ordered to fire, which they did, causing the enemy to retreat. Previous to their retreating, which was caused by a well-directed fire form the left wing, under command of Captain John Falconer, the enemy fired on us, killing one private, John Dowee, of the eighth company. At the same time the right wing captured a prisoner who was wounded, and who had on, when captured, a major's shoulder-straps. His name is Hobbs, of colonel Stuart's regiment of cavalry.

Having successfully accomplished the mission we were ordered on, viz, preventing the pickets at Lewinsville being re-enforced and the enemy having retreated and the alarm being sounded in all the enemy's camps in the neighborhood, we left our position and arrived in camp by way of Langley at 10.30 o'clock a. m. The lowest estimate of the enemy's loss is four killed, two wounded, and one prisoner. Much of the success of this expedition is owing to the exertions of our guide, Mr. Sage. Lieutenant Alexander Graham, of the eight company, was conspicuous for his coolness and bravery during the engagement. mr. Hazard Stevens (volunteer) distinguished himself in this expedition by his usefulness and bravery during engagement, and with these remarks I beg to submit the above report..

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID IRELAND,

Captain, Seventy-ninth Regiment.

Colonel ISSAC I. STEVENS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General Smith's Brigade.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain Elisha C. Hibbard, Fifth Wisconsin Infantry.

CAMP ADVANCE, September 10, 1861.

SIR: The detachment from the First Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, consisting of Company B, Lieutenant Oliver commanding, Company C, Captain Berees, and Company G, Captain Bugh, ordered to proceed to Lewinsville,a nd there capture or break up a body of the enemy known to be there, left camp precisely at 11 o'clock, under the guidance of Captain Mott. After having passed our advanced picket this side of Langley, I ordered a sergeant and 8 men to advance 100 yards ahead, divided each side of the road. Taking the orad to the right of Langley, we pressed forward in perfect silence and order through Commodore Jones' property into a field beyond, where we lay until daylight. About 4.30 o'clock in the morning we left the field, passing through an open plot of ground into a corn field which lay just in rear of Lewinsville. The scout was sent forward, and on his return reported a portion of the enemy, consisting of cavalry, picketed there.

I took 50 men of Company B, and passing across the road running south, tried to gain the west road; btu while so doing the alarm was given by two of the pickets. I immediately ordered the company back into the road, and ordered them to fire and charge. Company C, Captain

