
on the new road to Vienna and the intervening country. A third gun was placed on the road leading directly to Falls Church, and the fourth was held in reserve. The approaches on the two roads from Vienna and the road form Falls church were covered by skirmishers form the Vermont third and one company of the Indiana Nineteenth, besides which a heavy body of skirmishers was placed in the wood between the road to Falls Church and the New road to Vienna, as ell as in the road eastward to our rear and northward to the road running north. In fact, the whole position for more than a mile was thoroughly enveloped and watched by skirmishers, who were well thrown out tot he number of some 500 men. The two companies of the Vermont Second were specially healed as a central reserve to Griffin's battery. The Chasseurs and Highlanders were halted about one-third of a mile, and a heavy body of the latter were thrown out as skirmishers to cover the country towards Falls Church, and they were actually extended to the road leading directly from Lewinsville to Falls Church, and made a perfect connection with the pickets in that quarter..

These dispositions were early made, and the reconnaissance of the position went on entirely uninterrupted. I was most vigilant in seeing that the approaches were well watched, and was ably seconded by all the commanders. Single individuals and small bodies of men were seen to be observing us at safe distances. A picket of 50 cavalry was driven in by Lieutenant McLean, of the regular cavalry. All the information possible was gained as to the position of the enemy. The reconnaissance was completed about 2.15 o'clock. The skirmishers were now recalled, and the order was given to form the column for a return to Camp Advance.

It will be well here to mention that early notice was given to each body of skirmishers, through a commissioned officer, that they must be ready to obey promptly the recall which would be given when the reconnaissance was finished. The skirmishers, however,thrown out from the regiment of Highlanders towards Falls Church were not recalled till time enough had elapsed to collect and bring in the skirmishers covering the approach on the other roads. They were considered by me to occupy the critical point of the position,a nd I had give great attention to impress vigilance upon the skirmishers in that quarter. Considerable delay occurred in collecting the skirmishers thrown forward in the new road to Vienna and advanced into the wood between that road and the road to Falls Church. Indeed, skirmishers from the Indiana regiment,seeing the approach of the enemy's infantry, allowed themselves to be drawn forward to fire at them, and forgot their office of sending back information of the approach of the enemy. Three men of this body-Lieutenant Hancock, Sergeant Goodwin, and Private Hubbell-were surrounded and cut off..

Some forty minutes elapsed between sounding the recall and getting together those skirmishers. In the mean time some progress was made in withdrawing the skirmishers covering the approach through the open glade extending from the Falls Church road to our rear, when the enemy's skirmishers crept up, fired upon the pickets of the Highlanders, still near Gilbert's house, planted a battery, and opened its fire upon our rear. Simultaneously another body of their skirmishers advanced from the new Vienna road through the woods, which we had watched all day, and fired upon our withdrawing skirmishers in the watched all day, and fired upon our withdrawing skirmishers in the village. At this juncture all the commands were formed, nearly all the skirmishers had fallen in, and each command was about taking its place in column.

