
Griffin and Lieutenant Borrowe. the latter acted as my aide throughout the day, made the reconnaissance of the village before I advanced the troops, and placed in position the skirmishers on the south and west of the village. I call particular attention to his report, herewith submitted. Lieutenant-Colonel cameroon and Lieutenant Poe, of the Engineers, afforded me most valuable assistance.

Appended to this are the reports by commanders, &amp;c.,

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

ISAAC I. STEVENS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier-General SMITH,

Commanding Brigade, Camp Advance.

Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant Orlando M. Poe, U. S. Topographical Engineers.

CAMP ADVANCE, September 12, 1861.

SIR: By your direction I was, a few minutes after the enemy commenced firing upon our flank, placed in command of the rear guard of the column led by yourself. I formed the battalion of the Nineteenth Indiana Regiment in rear of the section of 12-pounders, and immediately changed that disposition by allowing it to pass them, my object being ot use the guns against the cavalry of the enemy should they attempt to charge us. No such attempt was made. After passing the section of rifled guns the 12-pounders were put in position, but not by myself, as, General Smith having arrived upon the ground, I was detached for duty under his immediate direction.

The conduct of our troops was good, there appearing no disposition to fall into confusion.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ORLANDO M. POE,

First Lieutenant, Topographical Engineers.

Colonel ISAAC I. STEVENS.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel Solomon Meredith, Nineteenth Indiana Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS, Camp Advance, September 12, 1861.

SIR: In pursuance of your order, received this morning, I herewith submit a report of the part taken by my command in the reconnoitering expedition of the 11th:

Five companies of my command, viz, Company A, Captain May; Company D, Captain Jacobs; Company F, Captain Lindley; company H, Captain Kelly,a nd Company I, Lieutenant Baird, formed a part of the expedition which left this place at 7.30 a. m. Nothing special occurred to may command till we reached Lewinsville, 5 miles form camp.

One company (Captain Kelly's) was then left in reserve, while three companies under my immediate charge were sent on the road running north towards the Leadingsburg [Leesburg] turnpike to support a section

