
stationed at the house, I proceeded to post the remainder. The right extended to the cavalry picket on the Falls Church road, and the left extended considerably beyond the rear of the column. The men, whenever practicable, were placed under cover, and Lieutenant Lusk and myself kept moving along the line to see that they were on the alert. Up to the time when they sounded the recall nothing occurred to attract our attention, although the people of the house told us that the enemy's cavalry picket had left heir gate just as our column appeared beyond the corn field.

Just as the bugle was sounding an officer rode up and ordered me to move the picket parallel with the column at the same distance out and preserving the same intervals, so as to protect the flank from surprise. I immediately started for the guide to aid me in carrying out the order, but before I could find him another order came to recall the picket, and in his over-eagerness attempted to call in both platoons, which caused him to be late with his own wing.

As soon as the men stationed by the Falls Church road began to come in, I observed a number of men without uniforms emerge from the wood at the side of that road and creep on their hands and knees along the fence to the gate where the cavalry had been stationed; they then trailed into the wood on the right of Gilbert's house. Forming the men as quickly as I could, I made a signal for the left wing, under Lieutenant Lusk, to retreat through the corn field, as they were cutting us off, and started with what remainder of my command down the lane to rejoin our regiment, our pace being somewhat to the rear of the house. We had not moved fifty paces form the house when a volley of musketry was directed obliquely at us from the left, and at almost the same instant the gun opened fire on the right. Looking back, I saw Lieutenant Lusk, who had not understood my signal, returning with the last of his men into the very yard where the enemy's skirmishers were. By this time nothing would have been easier than to have taken them prisoners, instead of which the skirmishers, apparently thinking themselves surprised, in turn fired at hem and retreated by the side of the house. Lieutenant Lusk, with considerable adroitness, leaped the fence, followed by his two sergeants, and retreated and cover of the corn of the corn field in safety to his regiment. The men throughout behaved admirably; even after it became certain that those crouching forms were the enemy's advance they showed less trepidation than perhaps I might have wished for the sake of celerity.

Very respectfully,

SAML. R. ELLIOTT,

Lieutenant, Company K.

Captain IRELAND, Commanding Highlanders.

Numbers 9. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George J. Stannard, Second Vermont Infantry.

CAMP ADVANCE, VA., NEAR CHAIN BRIDGE, September 12, 1861.

SIR: On the 11th instant I went to Lewinsville, agreeably to orders received the evening previous, with Companies A and F, of the Second

