
Vermont Regiment. The position assigned us was to act as guard or reserve to protect the artillery, which they did well. The command obeyed all orders promptly, and kept the ranks closed during the march on the way back to camp while under the rake of the fire of the enemy. While at a halt, in range of the enemy's fire, a shell burst near them and tore the clothes of several but wounded none. They remained cool, showing no desire to leave the position until proper orders were received. As for myself, I have only to say that I was at or near my command during the whole time to receive and communicate orders and see that they were properly executed, and aimed to do my duty.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. J. STANNARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Vermont Regiment.

Colonel STEVENS.

Numbers 10. Report of Colonel Breed N. Hyde, Third Vermont Infantry.

CAMP ADVANCE, CHAIN BRIDGE, VA., Headquarters Third Regiment V. V., September 12, 1861.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that while your command, of which my regiment formed a part, was advancing to Lewinsville yesterday I threw out several companies as skirmishers and in advance of the column on the right and left. The skirmishers on the left, about three-fourths of a mile from Lewinsville, discovered several mounted men, evidently the enemy's pickets, who fled precipitately at heir approach. At a point 1 1\2 miles beyond Lewinsville they me the enemy's infantry pickets and drove them in after a few moments' skirmish, in which 1 of our men was slightly wounded. In the afternoon, having received your order to march back camp, my battalion commanidng the road and nearly enfilading it, we were soon in the line of its fire. We received no serious damage till my left had arrived t the point most exposed, when a shell exploded nearly in the center of Company C, Captain Orbin's, killing and wounding several men, a list of whom is given below.*

It is with much pride that I refer to the steady, soldier-like bearing of my regiment under their first fire. I beg leave to speak of the good behavior of the Seventy-ninth Regiment New York Highlanders, immediately preceding my own. In passing up and down the regiments I saw nothing but good order, steadiness,a nd even cheerfulness under the trying fire of the enemy.

Respectfully submitted.

B. N. HYDE,

Colonel Third Regiment V. V.

Colonel ISAAC I. STEVENS,

Commanding Expedition.

---------------

*The list shows 1 killed and 8 wounded.

12 R R-VOL V

---------------

