
a ridge about a quarter of a mile from Lewinsville to the left, and where we commanded the valley looking towards Vienna as well as a portion of the turnpike road form Falls Church and crossing the road to Vienna in our front and right. The men did their duty entirely to my satisfaction, being entirely concealed,a nd where all that passed before them could be seen. At the time it was reported that some 50 of their cavalry were seen advancing over the hill, and Lieutenant McLean, with some 12 of his cavalry, were ordered up to support us until others could be sent forward, should they be needed. In the mean time one of or cavalry pickets had ridden into the field and towards them within sufficient distance to discharge his carbine, but with what effect we could not tell. They turned at this and galloped off to the left and towards Falls Church, and, as I afterwards learned from a woman at a house beyond our lines, to give information to the enemy at that place of our being in force at Lewinsville.

The men approaching to us before we saw them made me uneasy for the woods to our left, and which were but slightly guarded, and I posted, with your permission, one company form the Nineteenth Indiana through them, covering us, so that no approach could be made in that direction for more than a mile without being discovered. At 2 o'clock, according to orders, the skirmishers were called in, and I waited fifteen minutes for some stragglers who had hundred off, and, not finding them, marched the men to their commands. At this moment the enemy opened his fire on us with one gun, soon increased to four, and a body of infantry advanced up the road from Falls Church and fired at our men form the road and woods. At this point 1 man of the Nineteenth Indiana was killed, being shot through the head. Fearing an advance of their cavalry, which we had seen in considerable numbers, I placed one of the guns form Lieutenant Hasbrouck's section in the rear, supported by one company of the Nineteenth Indiana and the regular cavalry, and in this order advanced on the road, and though much exposed to their fire for the instance of a half a mile, fortunately nomen were lost but 2 of the Third Vermont, who were killed by the explosion of a shell. General Smith coming up at this point, I resignated the orders to his aides.

I must, in conclusion, speak of the splendid behavior of the Third Vermont, who toed the fire with the greatest coolness, as well as the Nineteenth Indiana, obedient all orders with a promptness that was extraordinary..

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. BORROWE,

Acting Aide, Second Lieutenant, Griffin's Battery.

Numbers 15. Report of General Joseph E. Johnston, C. S. Army, with congratulatory orders.

HEADQUARTERS NEAR FAIRFAX CROSS-ROADS, Near Fairfax Station, September 14, 1861.

SIR: Herewith I inclose two reports (of Brigadier-General Longstreet and of Colonel Stuart) of the affair of Lewinsville [Nos. 16 and 17.] I am much gratified at having this opportunity of putting before

