
ing courage, sagacity, zeal, and activity qualify him admirably for the command of our three regiments of cavalry, by which the outpost duty of the Army is performed. The Government would gain greatly by promoting him.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding First Corps, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 17. Report of Colonel James E. B. Stuart, First Virginia Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS, MUNSON'S HILL, September 11, 1861.

GENERAL: I started about 12 o'clock with the Thirteenth Virginia Volunteers, commanded by Major Terrill (305 men), one section of Rosser's battery, Washington Artillery, and a detachment of the First Cavalry, under Captain Patrick, for lewinsville, where I learned form my cavalry pickets the enemy were posted with some force. My intention was to surprise them, and I succeeded entirely, approaching Lewinsville by the enemy's left and rear, taking care to keep my small force an entire secret form heir observation. I at the same time carefully provided against the disaster to myself which I was striving to inflict upon the enemy, and left sure that, if necessary, I could fall back successfully before any force the enemy might have, for the country was favorable to retreat and ambuscade.

At a point nicely screened by the woods from Lewinsville, and a few hundred yards from the place, I sent forward, under Major Terrill, apportion of his command stealthily to reach the woods at a turn of the road and reconnoiter beyond. This was admirably done, and the major soon reported ot me that the enemy had a piece of artillery in position in the road just at Lewinsville, commanding our road. I directed him immediately to spot his riflemen so as to render it impossible for the cannoneers to serve the piece, and, if possible, capture it. During subsequent operations the cannoneers thrived ineffectually to serve the piece, and finally, after one was shot through the head, the piece was taken off.

While this was going on a few shots form Rosser's section at a cluster of the enemy a quarter of a mile off put the entire force of the enemy in full retreat, exposing their entire column to flank fire form our piece. Some wagons and a large body of cavalry first passed in hasty flight, the rifled piece and howitzer firing as theory passed. Then came flying a battery, eight pieces of artillery (Griffin's), which soon took position about 600 yards to our front and right, and rained shot and shell upon us during the entire engagement, but with harmless effect, although quick, receiving in succession as they passed Rosser's unerring salutation, his shells bursting directly over their heads, and creating the greatest havoc and confusion in their ranks. The last infantry regiment was followed by a column of cavalry, which at one time rode over the rear of the infantry in great confusion. The field, general, and staff officers were seen exerting every effort ot restore order in their broken ranks, and my cavalry vedettes, observing their flight, reported that they finally rallied a mile and a half below and took position there, firing round after roudn of artillery from that position up the road where they supposed our columns would be pursuing them.

