
Captain Rosser, having no enemy left to contend with,at his own request was permitted to view the ground of the enemy's flight, and found the road plowed up by his solid shot and strewn with fragments of shells; 2 men left dead in the road, 1 mortally wounded, and 1 not hurt taken prisoner. The prisoners said the havoc in their ranks was fearful, justifying what I saw myself of the confusion. Major Terrill's sharpshooters were by no means idle, firing wherever a straggling Yankee showed his head, and capturing a lieutenant (captured by Major Terrill himself), 1 sergeant, and 1 private, all belonging to the Nineteenth Indiana, Colonel Meredith. The prisoners reported to me that General McClellan himself was present, and the enemy gave it out publicly that the occupancy of Lewinsville was to be permanent. Alas for human expectations!

The officers and men behaved in a manner worthy the general's highest commendation,a nd the firing done by the section under direction of Captain Rosser and Lieutenant Slocomb, all the time under fire form he enemy's battery, certainly for accuracy and effect challenges comparison with any ever made. Valuable assistance was rancored me by Chaplain Ball, as usual, and Messrs. Hairston and Burks, citizens attached to my staff, were conspicuous in daring. Corporal Hagan and Bugler Freed are entitled to special mention for good conduct and valuable service.

Our loss was not a scratch ot man or house. We have no means of knowing the enemy's, except it must have been heavy, from the effects of the shots. We found in all 4 dead or mortally wounded, and captured 4. Of course they carried off all they could.

Your attention is especially called tot he inclosed, which was delivered to me at Lewinsville, and to my indorsement.* I send a sketch also.* Please forward this report to General Johnston. I returned here with my command after re-establishing my line of pickets through Lewinsville..

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Colonel., Commanding.

General JAMES LONGSTREET.

SEPTEMBER 11-17, 1861-Operations in Cheat Mountain, West Virginia, including actions and skirmishers at Cheat Mountain Pass, Cheat Summit, Point Mountain Turnpike, and Elk Water.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Joseph J. Reynolds, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Nathan KIimball, Fourteenth Indiana Infantry.

Numbers 3.-Colonel George D. Wagner, Fifteenth Indiana Infantry.

Numbers 4.-Lieutenant Colonel Richard Owen, Fifteenth Indiana Infantry.

Numbers 5.-Captain David J. Higgins, Twenty-fought Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 6.-Colonel Albert Rust, Third Arkansas Infantry.

Numbers 7.-General Lee's orders.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Joseph J. Reynolds, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, A. O. W. VA., Elk Water, September 17, 1861.

GENERAL: The operations of this brigade for the past few days may be summed up as follows: On the 12th instant the enemy, 9,000 strong,
---------------

*Not found.

---------------

