
force of the enemy take to heir heels, throwing aside guns, clothing, and everything that impeded their progress. In the mean time I had detailed a guard of 90 men to be sent forward to relieve Captain Coons, of the Fourteenth Indiana, who had been stationed as a picket on the path between Elk Water Camp and my own. This detail was from the Fourteenth Indiana, Twenty-fought Ohio,a nd Twenty-fifth Ohio, under Captain Higgins, Lieutenants Green and Wood. They had proceeded about 2 miles from the point of first attack when they met the Tennessee brigade, gave them battle, and drove them back. Captain coons, of the Fourteenth Indiana, had met this same force earlier in the morning and undertook to resist them, and did so until driven back. He then came in their rear whilst they were engaged with the command under Captain Higgins, Company C, Twenty-fought Ohio, Lieutenant Green, of the Fourteenth Indiana, and Lieutenant Wood, of the Twenty-fifth Ohio.

At this juncture I was informed that the enemy was moving in my front above the hill east of my camp, where we have usually had a picket station, which point was occupied by Lieutenant Juno, Company E, Fourteenth Indiana. The enemy surrounded Juno's command, consisting of 35 men, with a force 500 strong,and killed Lieutenant Juno and 1 private. The others have all come into camp. I soon found that Captains Brooks and Williamson were driving the enemy to my right flank. I then dispatched two companies, one form he Fourteenth Indiana, Company A, Captain Foote, and one from the Twenty-fourth Ohio, Captain----, up Cheat river, to cut off the enemy's retreat. My captains met the enemy 2 miles above the bridge, scattering them wagoners taken early in the morning. The enemy's force on my right flank consisted of the Twenty-fifth Virginia, Colonel Heck, Twenty-third, Thirty-first, and Thirsty-seventh, and also one battalion of Virginians, under command of Colonel Taliaffero. the force which met Captain Higgins and Lieutenants Green and Wood consisted of the First Tennessee, Colonel George Maney; the Seventh Tennessee, Colonel R. Hatton; the Fourteenth Tennessee, Colonel Forbes, mustering in all 3,000, commanded by General Anderson. The aggregate of the enemy's force was near 5,500; ours, which engaged and repulsed them, was less than 300. We killed near 100 of the enemy, and wounded a greater number, and have 13 prisoners. We recaptured all our teamsters and others whom the enemy had captured in the morning. We have lost a few nobel fellows killed among whom is Lieutenant Juno, Company E, Fourteenth Indiana. I append a list of killed, wounded, and missing of my command.*

General, I think my men have done wonders, and ask God to bless them.

The woods are literally covered with the baggage, coats, and haversacks, &amp;c., of the enemy. Though almost naked, my command are ready to move forward.

Your obedient servant,

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Colonel Fourteenth Indiana Volunteers, Commanding Post.

Brigadier General JOSEPH J. REYNOLDS, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

