
at noon, out of camp, under the guidance of Dr. Singer, a Union Virginian, who, having formerly practiced in this and adjoining counties, was thoroughly acquainted with all the localities. The infantry consisted of portions of Company B, Captain wing, Third Ohio; Company A, Captain Rice; Company C, Captain McCutchen, and Company H, under Lieutenant Warren, all of the Fifteenth Indiana Volunteers. Lieutenant Driscoll, of the Third Ohio, volunteered to lead a scouting party consisting of 10 Ohio and 10 Indiana riflemen. Lieutenant Bedford, acting captain of our scouts, volunteered to accompany the expedition. The cavalry was taken from Captain Bracken's Indiana company.

Sleeping the first night on our arms, with half the command awake at a time, with no fires and perfect silence, after picketing wherever the cross-roads pointed out by Dr. Singer seemed to demand it, we proceeded at 4 a. m. on the 9th instant towards the Confederate camp at Marshall's store, carefully scouting the laurel bushes. Immediately after the main body, with Captain Wing in the advance guard, emerged from ad dense thicket which lined each side of the road, our scouts commenced firing, having come so close tot he enemy and so suddenly that a hand-to=hand scuffle ensued between Private Edwards, of the Fifteenth Indiana, and a North Carolina secessionist, while another Fifteenth Indiana scout, Private J. F. Morris, surprised for dragoons at heir breakfast in a house which proved to be on the farm of Henry Thomas, about three-quarters of a mile north of their camp. In accordance with instructions previously give to my command, I ordered them to fire by section,a nd countermarch to reform and load in the rear. This was carried out in good order, and with such executing that, as prisoners afterwards taken by Colonel Sullivan, of the thirteenth Indiana, informed him, we killed 15 and wounded about as many more. An officer, who preved to be Major Murray, of the virginia troops, was shot, it is believed by Lieutenant Bedford, with an Enfield rifle.

Knowing that, although there were but three full companies in sight, the enemy was in strong force at a short distance, I considered it prudent, in accordance with your instructions, to retire the command after all firing on the part of the enemy had ceased, forming for some time as before, faced to the front, but afterwards marching in common time to our camp 11 1\4 miles, delaying long enough on the route to dress the wounds of one of our men, Private Frank Conner, of Company G, Third Ohio, who was wounded in two places, besides receiving a ball through his haversack, but is now doing well.

The force represented by the prisoners as being in camp near Marshall's store amounted ot 8,000 men, and they also report that two pieces of artillery and two regiments of infantry were ordered doubt in pursuit, doubtless the same a portion of which next day attacked the two companies of your regiment occupying the outposts on that road, viz, Company D, Captain Templeton, and Company F, under Lieutenant Dean, who so successfully and creditably sustained themselves.

The above brief report of our skirmish is submitted with the hope that we carried out your instructions in the manner you designed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD OWEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fifteenth Indiana Volunteers.

Colonel G. D. WAGNER,

Commanding Fifteenth Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

