
pared and will whip them if they come. I see from the postscript that he requests his note to me to be inclosed to you. I can only say that all human power could do towards success in my expedition failed of success. The taking of the picket looked like a providential interposition. I took the first one myself, being at the head of the column when I got to the road..

In great haste, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. RUST,

Colonel, &amp;c.

General LORING, Commanding, &c.

[Inclosure.]

DEAR COLONEL: Return into camp with your command. So soon as you arrive address a letter to General Loring, explaining the failure and the reasons of it. Show this to Captain Niell, quartermaster,and let him at once furnish an express ready to take your letter by the near route. If possible, get the postmaster, mr. Abagast, to go, and go rapidly, and at once. Say in your letter that I am in possession of first summit of Cheat Mountain,and am in hopes of something going on in Tygart's Valley, and shall retain command of it until I received orders from headquarters. It may bring on an engagement, but I am prepared, and shall whip them if they come.

Very truly,

H. R. JACKSON.

P. S.-I cannot write here. Inclose this scrawl in your own letter. You had better return yourself at once to camp, leaving your command to follow. We had several skirmishers yesterday and killed several of the enemy.

Numbers 7. General Lee's orders.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES,Numbers --. Valley Mountain, W. Va., September 9, 1861.

The forward movement announced to the Army of the Northwest in Special Orders, Numbers 28, from its headquarters, of this date, gives the general commanding the opportunity of exhorting the troops to keep steadily in view the great principles for which they counted and to manifest to the world their determination to maintain them. The eyes of the country are upon you. The safety of your homes and the lives of all you hold dear depend upon your courage and exertions. let each man resolve to be victorious, and that the right of self-government, liberty, and peace shall in him find a defender. The progress of this army must be forward.

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,No.---. Camp on Valley River, Va., September 14, 1861.

The forced reconnaissance of the enemy's positions, both at Cheat Mountain Pass and on Valley River, having been completed, and the character of the natural approaches and the nature of the artificial

