
deferred till to-morrow night. I will detain the steamer, so that they can be taken directly on board. No effort or precaution will be spared to carry your order into execution promptly and effectually.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 3. Letter from General Dix to Major General John E. Wool.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA, Baltimore, Md., September 13, 1861.

GENERAL: Lieutenant W. M. Wilson, of the Fourth Cavalry, will leave these headquarters this evening with the following gentleman, who have been taken in custody by order of the Government: George william Brown, mayor of the city of Baltimore; members-elect of the legislature, S. Teakle Wallis, Henry m. Warfield, Charles H. Pitts, T. Parkin Scott, Lawrence Sangston, Ross Winans, John Hanson Thomas, William G. Harrison, Leonard G. Quinlan, and Robert M. Denison; Henry may, member of Congress; F. Key Howard, Andrew A. Lynch, and Thomas W. Hall, citizens of Baltimore. The direction of the Secretary of War is to keep them in close custody, suffering no one to communicate with them, and ot convey them at once to Fort Monroe, there to remain in close custody until they shall be forwarded to their ultimate destination. The prisoners are in charge of Lieutenant Wilson, who will return with the detachment of the Third Regiment New York Volunteers, sent as a guard to the prisoners, to these headquarters by the first steamer.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL,

Commanding Department of Virginia.

Numbers 4. Reports of Major-General Banks of arrests at Frederick, Md.

DARNESTOWN, MD., September 18, 1861.

To Governor SEWARD:

But four present at opening yesterday. Eighteen s

------

only in town. Twelve secured up to 5 p. m. Probably all last night.

N. P. BANKS.

HEADQUARTERS, CAMP NEAR DARNESTOWN, September 20, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report, in obedience to the order of the Secretary of War, and the general commanding the Army of the Potomac, transmitted to me by letter of the 12th instant,* that all the members of the Maryland Legislature assembled at Frederick City on the 17th in-

---------------

*These instructions cannot be found.

---------------

