
stant known or suspected to be disloyal in their relations to the Government have been arrested.

The opening of the section was attended chiefly by Union men, and after rigid examination but nine secession members were found in the city. These were arrested, with the clerk of the senate, and sent to Annapolis, according ot my orders, on the 18th instant, under guard, and safely lodged on board a Government steamer in waiting for them. Of their destination thence I had no direction. The names of the parties thus destination thence i had no direction. The names of the parties thus arrested and disposed of were as follows, viz: B. H. Salmon, Frederick; R. C. McCubbin, Annapolis; William R. Miller, Cecil Country; Thomas Claggett, Frederick; Josiah H. Gordon, Alleghany County; Clark J. Durant, Saint Mary's County; J. Lawrence Jones, Talbot County; Andrew Kessler, jr., Frederick; Bernard mills, Carroll Coutny; J. W. Brecolt, chief clerk of the senate.

No meeting of the senate occurred; but three senators were in town, and those were Union men. Three subordinate officers of the senate, the chief clerk and printer of the house, and one or two others were also arrested, but released after the departure of the members for Annapolis upon taking the oath of allegiance..

Milton Kidd, clerk of the house, is in the last stages of consumption, beyond the power of ding harm, and was released upon taking the oath and making a solemn declaration to act no further with the legislature under any circumstances whatever. This course was adopted upon the urgent solicitation of the Union members present. The same parties desired the release of R. C. McCubbin, of annapolis, upon the same condition. I telegraphed to the commander of the steamer that he might be left at Annapolis under sufficient guard until the order of the Government could be ascertained.

Colonel Ruger, Third Wisconsin Regiment; Lieutenant Copeland, my aide-de-camp, and a detachment of police rendered efficient aid.

Sufficient information was obtained as to preparations for board, &amp;c., to lead to the belief that the attendance of members would have been large had not the arrest of some of the attendance of members would have been large had not the arrest of some of the leaders been made at Baltimore on Saturday and Monday before the day of meeting.

I regret the attempt at Frederick was not more successful.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

Colonel R. B. MARCY, Chief of Staff, &c.:

Numbers 5. Report of Mr. Allen Pinkerton of arrests at Baltimore, Md..

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 23, 1861.

SIR: On the 11th instant, in pursuance of the orders of the Honorable Simon Cameron, Secretary of War, and Major-General McClellan, I went to Baltimore, accompanied by a sufficient number of my detective force, and Lieutenant W. M. Wilson, of the fourth United States Cavalry. On arriving in Baltimore I proceeded to Fort McHenry, and delivered to Major-General Dix an order from the War Department for the arrest of T. Parkin Scott, S. Teakle Wallis, Frank Key Howard, T. H. Hall, Henry may,and H. M. Warfield. The said order mentioned to General Dix that I was instructed to conduct the arrests, also to search for and seize the correspondence of the above-named parties.

On consultation with General Dix it was deemed advisable, as it was.

