
now about midnight, to postpone the attempt to arrest until the following night, as it was impossible to tell if the parties to be arrested were in town or at their respective houses. General Dix directed me to call on Provost-Marshal Dodge and Assistant Provost-Marshal McPhail, of Baltimore, who would furnish me all the police force necessary to make the arrests. On the morning of the 12th instant I called on Messrs. Dodge and McPhail. I found them ot be highly intelligent and able men for their respective positions, and arrangements were at once entered into between us for procuring the necessary information in relation to the probable whereabouts of the parties named to be arrested, and the hour of midnight was fixed upon as the time to make the descent, Mr. McPhail detailing a sufficient police force to accompany my own force to each house. At about 9.30 p. m., while at the provost-marshal's office, an order was received from Major-General Dix, addressed to Provost-Marshal Dodge, directing the arrest of George W. Brown, W. G. Harrison, Lawrence Sangston, Ross Winans, J. Hanson Thomas, andrew A. Lynch, C. H. Pitts, L. G. Quinlan, and Robert M. Denison. Arrangements were at once made for the arrest of the above-named parties, which was accomplished during the night, and early on the following day (13th) they were all committed to Fort McHenry.

At about midnight the several divisions moved simultaneously upon the places where we had discovered Scott, Wallis, F. Key Howard, Hall, May, and Warifield, and at that time all the above named were arrested within fifteen minutes, their clothing thoroughly searched, and immediately thereafter they were forwarded to Fort McHerny in separate carriages. My force made diligent search for all correspondence on the premises of each of the parties, all of which was seized..

Frank Key Howard being one of the editors of the Baltimore Exchange newspaper and T. W. Hall editor of The South, I construed the order to search for and seize correspondence of a treasonable nature in the possession of the parties arrested a sufficient warrant for me to enter and search the editorial and press rooms of the Exchange and South, which I did, seized the correspondence found therein.

all the correspondence found I brought with me to Washington, and now beg leave respectfully to submit to you briefs of the same, which I have had carefully prepared, retaining the originals in my possession subject to your order.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALLEN PINKERTON,

Honorable WM. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 6. Letter from General Wool to Commanding Officer Fort Lafayette, N. Y.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, Fort Monroe, September 24, 1861.

SIR: By direction of Lieutenant-General Scott, I forward ot you for custody and safe-keeping at Fort Lafayette the following political prisoners, arrested in Baltimore, 14 in number, viz:+

* * * * *

---------------

*Not furnished from the State Department.

+List omitted, embraces all the names given in Numbers 3, 194, except that of Ross Winans.

---------------

