
I presume you will receive instructions in regard to them form the proper quarters. In the mean time, according to the recommendation of the Secretary of State to me, "they will be allowed decent fare and the privileges of air and exercise compatible with their safe-keeping," not going out of the fort. They must be watched during their confinement, and allowed to receive no visitors not authorized by the authorities in Washington, and when visited a commissioned officer must be present.

You will acknowledge the receipt of this communication and of the prisoners named in it. Such acknowledgment, in writing, will be handed to Captain Coster, the bearer of this letter, who will deliver the prisoners into your own custody.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

To the COMMANDING OFFICER,

Fort lafayette, New York Harbor.

Numbers 7. Letter from Governor Hicks to General Banks.

STATE OF MARYLAND, EXECUTIVE CHAMBER, Annapolis, September 20, 1861.

DEAR SIR: We have some of the product of your order here in the persons of some eight or ten members of the State Legislature, soon, I learn, to depart for healthy quarters. We see the good fruit already produced by the arrests.

We can no longer mince matters with these desperate people. I concur in all you have done.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

THO. H. HICKS.

SEPTEMBER 15, 1861-Skirmish at Pritchard's Mill, Va., near Antietam Ford, Md.

Report of Colonel John W. Geary, Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.

POINT OF ROCKS, MARYLAND, September 17, 1861.

SIR: On the night of the 13th instant I received reliable information that about 2,200 rebels were stationed in na offensive attitude between the Shenandoah and Shepherdstown, on the Virginia shore of the Potomac. This force was composed of infantry (the greater portion of them being in the neighborhood of the Old Furnace and Pritchard's Mill. The number of them actually engaged is variously estimated at from 500 to 600, while they had a reserve of 1,500 within a short distance behind the hills and along the railroad in the direction of Martinsburg), cavalry, and artillery, with four pieces of cannon. Their object seemed to be to attack the right of my command, resting about 3 miles

