
been removed by order of Major Funsten, is ordered to secure it against the excepted attack at Churchville, it was deceived by a council, composed of the captains of the cavalry commanded by Major Funsten and myself, to encamp the cavalry regiment at Frenchtown. Early the next morning I directed the whole force under my command to prepare to return to Romney preparations were being made for the march. At about 8.30 o'clock a. m. a courier arrived from Romney, bringing the intelligence that the enemy had returned to Romney and were then in possession of the town. I immediately gave orders directing Major Funsten to take the mounted men under his command, together with the howitzer and rifled gun under charge of Lieutenant Liongerger, and attack the enemy. I sent orders to Colonel Monroe to move as rapidly as possible the forces under his command to the church, an there await further orders, holding in reserve the 4-pounder, the gunner of which was directed to follow on which it, to be put in position as events might decide to be best. During the time that the enemy were in town I understand that they were fired upon by Private Blue, of the Seventy-seventh Regiment, and by Private Picket, of the cavalry regiment, killing one man wounding others; by a company of the Seventy-seventh Regiment, under Captain Inskeep, and also that the some of One hundred and fourteenth Regiment fired upon some of their cavalry that were drawn about three firths of a mile from town in pursuit of some horsemen. This firing resulted in some loss to the enemy, killing 1 of the cavalry and wounding others. A short time after the cavalry had been fired into, the enemy commenced to retreat from town, where a halt had been called, and some of them were obtaining to eat whilst preparations were being made for carrying off all the stock-horses, cattle, &amp;c.-convenient to the road.

Whilst thus engaged an immense cloud of dust rising from the Cemetery hill announced the rapid approach of the mounted men of the command, gallantry led by Major Funsten. Immediately the enemy, startled by apparent numbers, commanded a rapid retreat. Their rear had not proceeded more then 200 yards from the brigade when the column headed by Major Funsten fearlessly and impetuously charged upon them under a heavy fire their cannon and musketry. Our column coming up within short-gun range, successively delivered their fire with telling effect. The rear of our column, as they crossed the river, filing to the left, commenced a raking fire upon the left flank of the enemy as they passed along there road. Lieutenant Lionberger at this time came up which the howitzer, and putting it in position so as to command their left flank, did effective work.

Fearing lest the enemy might have occupied Mechanicsburg Pass, the pursuit of the enemy, stampeded by the charge, was not pressed within it, Lieutenant Lionberger was ordered by Major Funsten to shell it with the rifled 6-pounder. After this had been done, the companies of Captain Sheetz and Winfield were sent forward as an advance to reconnoiter. At this time I reached the head of the column, and learned of the sending forward of the companies of Captains Sheetz and Winfield. From one-half to three-quarters of an hour was gained by the enemy in the necessary delay at the pass. The pursuit was now renewed, and at about 6 miles from town the enemy made another short stand, but were immediately put to flight again upon being fired into by the companies of Captains Sheetz and Winfield, and with the loss of several of their number. Such, however, was the character of the country through which the road, lay, that the progress of the pursuing column was necessarily cautious, the deep defiles and thick under-

