
use of, especially so when they are opposed to an enemy well equipped in all these particulars, and whom if they meet in a hand to-hand conflict they must oppose with clubbed rifles and shot-guns against revolvers and sabers.

The force under my command was upon the 24th about 300 mounted men and about 250 infantry-the militia of the country and unmounted men of my regiment. On the 25th the infantry was increased by accessions to the militia to about 350. The strength of the enemy on the two day's fight could not have fallen short of 1,500, in which are included about 75 cavalry.

Before concluding I am obliged to make acknowledgments of the efficient services rendered by Mr. Crane and Robert A. Tilden, connected with the quartermaster's department; Mr. James V. Clark, volunteer, and Lieutenant Angus W. McDonald, my aide, in bearing orders with promptitude to the many distant points at which detachments of my command were during the 24th and 25th September. Mr. Tilden, bravely joining in the charge of the cavalry on the 25th, was severally wounded, having his arm broken by a Minie ball, from which he is yet in danger of losing his limb, perhaps his life.

Of all the force engaged the statements made in my report sufficiently attacked the gallantry and effective conduct of those to whom they pertain.

I have the honor ot be, respectfully, your to command,

AGUS W. McDONALD,.

Colonel, Commanding Brigade, &amp;c.

General S. COOPER.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel E. H. McDonald, Seventy-seventh Virginia Militia.

CAMP BUFFALO, October 3, 1861.

SIR: In compliance with your written order of the 2nd instant I report the operations of the forces under my command on the 24th and 25th ultimo.

On the morning of the 24th, at 12.30 o'clock, I received your order to hold my command under marching orders. At 1 o'clock I received your order to occupy the lower pass with my available force and cooperate with Captain Myers in its defense. Arriving there at 2 o'clock with 27 infantry and 7 mounted men, I found Captain Myers posted under the rocks. I then took my position with my infantry on the top of the rocks which overhand the road and almost the river, and sent my mounted men to picket a road which ran in the rear of the rocks, known as the Old Ferry Road.

At 4 o'clock a. m. I heard the enemy crossing the ford about onehalf mile below, and from the length of time occupied in crossing I supposed them to number 700 infantry and 200 cavalry. As soon as their advance guard had crossed the river Captain Myers' pickets fired upon them. They returned the fire by a volley, and advanced, shorting. Captain Myers then fell back beyond my position. When the enemy had advanced up under we were posted, they commenced to fire upon us, as I suppose, to draw our fire, as it was impossible, owing to the fog which then prevailed to see us.

I could restrain my men no larder, and we commanded our attack upon them, some discharging their pieces, others rolling stones down on them. This we kept up, under a heavy fire of musketry, until my

