
pickets reported that the enemy were flanking us upon our right. I then ordered my men to fall back to a position upon the mountain.

Owing to the heavy fog, we were not aware the we had driven them back across the ford. I hastened to join you at Romney. Arriving there at 12., we ascertain tare enemy were renewing their attack in the direction of the brigade. We then took our position on the hill in rear of the howitzer, and remained there until the enemy retired. Returning to Romney at 6 o'clock p. m. I received your to join you at Church Hill, but ny men were so much fatigued that I found it necessary to encamp for the night with a portion of Colonel Monroe's command upon the outskirts of Romney. During our engagement with the enemy at the rocks our showers of ball and stone threw them into the utmost confusion, their own cavalry riding over their infantry, crowding them into the river, thus drowning many of them-how many we have not been able to ascertain, but we have recovered 5 dead bodies, and learned from our citizens whom they made prisoners that they carried off with them dead and 11 wounded, while on our side no on was hurt. We obtained 5 blankets and 2 muskets, with they threw away on their retreat.

On the morning of the 25th ultimo, about 8 o'clock, the enemy was reported approaching Romney in considerable force. We then fell back to a position east of the town, and exchanged shots with them whenever they ventured within reach of our guns. This position we maintained until the enemy was charged upon by Major Funsten with the cavalry, when we followed as far Sheetz's Mill, but were unable to come up with them afterward.

The troops spoken of above were commanded by Captain Robertson and Lieutenant Blue, and behaved in a manner which reflected great credit upon themselves and their officers. Lieutenant Blue deserves a special notice for his coolness and bravery. One company of my command, under the charge of Captain J. V. Inskeep, was stationed at Frankfort, upon special service, whom I could not reach with orders, but as soon as they heard their were needed, started by a circuitous route for the scene of action. Arriving at Romney on the morning of the 25th, they met the enemy approaching the town. Retiring upon the hills east of them, they fired their advance, and thus opened the engagement of that day. They deserve great praise for the promptness and zeal with which they came unbidden to the scene of action..

For the report of that portion of my command detailed to work the artillery I refer you to the report of Lieutenant Lionberger, under whose command they were placed.

Respectfully submitted.

E. H. McDONALD,

Colonel Seventy-seventh Regiment Virginia Infantry.

Colonel ANGUS W. McDONALD, Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel A. Monroe, One hundred and fourteenth Virginia Militia.

ROMNEY, VA., September 28, 1861.

SIR: After a delay that I hope you will excuse, I have the honor to submit the following report:

At 3 o'clock on the morning of the 24th instant, in obedience to your

