
order, I left my camp at the Branch Mountain, with all the men then there under my command, which, after leaving a small guard at the encampment, mounted about 145 men, but the number was increased during the day to 200. When I reached Romney I heard firing at the Hanging Rock, to which point we started on double-quick. On arriving at the curve in the road south of Colonel Parsons' I learned from a messenger that the enemy had passed the gap, and that the cavalry was advancing up the road very rapidly, and would meet me but a short distance below Parson's. I then left the road, passing through his upland fields in a direct line, crossing a deep ravine, and took position ion the crest of the bluff facing the bottom, my left wing opposite Parson's house and within fifty yards of the road, through the fog then was so dense we could scarcely see it.

When the fog had disappeared I discovered that our cavalry had fallen back and were drawn up in line of battle south of the stone house. I also discovered that I could occupy a much more advantageous position a little in advance of the cavalry opposite the house. I then marched my regiment back and took position there. After remaining there a short time I was informed by one of your officers that a large column of the enemy's infantry was on the ridge between Parsons' house and Inskeep's, and moving rapidly towards the mountain. I then divided my cavalry into four detachments, assigning Lieutenant-Colonel Lupton to the command of one, Major Gineven to another Major Diaver to another, an taking the command of the fourth myself on foot, order that all should be deployed as skirmishers as rapidly as possible towards the top of the mountain, following the top of Black's Ridge. The enemy kept in our sight for about a mile and a half up the mountain, through not within rifle shot. A soon as they discovered we had outflanked them they changed their course toward the branch, falling behind the ridge, and I saw no more of them. On learining that they had retreated the gap, I returned with my detachment to Romney about 4 o'clock, where I remained till after 10 o'clock p. m. expecting Colonel E. H. McDonald to bring on a re-enforcement from Frenchburg.

Having been told that you desired me to meet you at Frenchburg I left my men under the command of Colonel Isaac Parsons and reached Frenchburg about midnight, where I found Messrs. Lypton, Gineven, and Diaver with their respective commands, together with about 100 additional troops, belonging to my regiment, on their way to join me. On the morning of the 25th I received orders from you to return with my regiment to the top of the Branch Mountain, and remain there until further ordered, but before reaching said point I was met by a runner, who informed me that the enemy was in Romney. Forgetting your order entirely, which I hope you will pardon, I advanced as fast as possible to meet them, and just as my advance reached Kercheval's field I saw the enemy's cavalry advancing up the road then retreating. I then dismounted, formed my men on the hill-side in a line parallel with the road and about 30 yards from it, all hands hoping that "Mr. Yankee" would just come on. We had 4 men on horseback, who were maneuvering to induce their cavalry to pursue them far enough to come within proper range of all guns.

At about 9 a. m. the enemy made a charge, but when they had come within about 400 yards of my advance companies they parted and commenced firing on some of the boys who were so extremely eager to get a shot at them that they would keep constantly exposed to full view Believing that they would not advance any farther, my men opened a

