
directed by Major Funsten to withdraw the howitzer from the pass and take position upon the Cemetery Hill, there to await further orders. Upon arriving at the Cemetery Hill I found me rifled 6-pounder in position upon the hill so as to command the bridge and the ford and the road leading from these points to Romney. By your order my howitzer was sent, under charge of Captain Bowen, to the hill opposite the bridge, so as additionally to command the bridge and the ford, while the 4-pounder, through your order (as I have understood), was sent and placed in position by the gunner upon an eminence north of the town, commanding the road leading from the Hanging Rock Pass to Romney.

About 4.30 o'clock I received your order to retire with the guns in my charge, in company with the whole command, by the Winchester road, which I did, and encamped with the command at Frenchburg.

Early in the morning of the 24th I received your order to prepare to return to Romney with all of the guns under my charge. About 8.30 o'clock I received your order to repair at once to Romney with the howitzer and the rifled 6-pounder, leaving behind the 4-pounder. Without any delay I proceeded to execute this order. Arriving in Romney we learned that the enemy was at the bridge. Whilst passing through the town one of the wheels of the 6-pounder came off. Without waiting for it to be put again, I proceeded as rapidly as possible to the bridge with the howitzer. Arriving at the bridge I discovered that the enemy had made a stand beyond it. Getting the howitzer into position on the island to do effective service, I was prevented from firing by the charge of our own cavalry.

Changing the position of the gun to a field opposite the enemy and within 300 yards of them, I opened fire. The first shot was too high; the second broke their lines, and produced the greatest confusion, which was soon followed by a retreat. I immediately crossed the river, when I was informed by Major Funsten that he had sent the rifled gun to a hill opposite the mounth of the Mechanicsburg Pass, and directing me to take charge of it and shell the pass, selecting a position which commanded a view of the whole pass, and from which I could see the enemy's line of battle across the upper and of the pass. Before the gun could be used, however, the canister with which it was charged had to be withdrawn and a shell inserted.

In the mean time the enemy had broken line and were in retreat, but again formed higher up the pass. Having fired at them with a shell, which, exploding amongst them, again broke their line and scattered them in great confusion, I continued to shell them from this point until they had passed, as I thought, entirely out of range, when I hastened with the gun to join Major Funsten, changing horses at the mill a mile east of the pass. I afterwards joined the column in the pass. At Patterson's Creek we again came in sight of the enemy, and turning by your order into a field on the right, fired one shot at them, when I received your ordered to change the position of the gun (the rifled) to one about three-fourths of a mile in advance upon a hill. Here the gun was aimed by you in the direction of the road over which the enemy were retreating, and several shots were fired, and, as I have since learned, with great effect.

Continuing the pursuit, about 3 miles from this point we were fired upon by our own men from the woods by the road-side. Supposing it to be the enemy, I at once ordered my men to unlimber and get ready for action, which order was quickly and responded to; but before firing, the mistake was discovered, but not too soon to show the

