
200 of the enemy, supported by about 400 secreted in the woods. The attack was made by musketry, from the opposite side of the river, in the vicinity of the ruins of the brigade at Point of Rocks. They fired about 200 shots, nearly all of which fell short and without injury. We answered promptly with shell and rifles and silenced them in a few minutes; what loss on their side I cannot say positively.

I detached four brave fellows, under cover of artillery, to the opposite side, to burn two vacant houses and a stable, the constant resort of the enemy. They did their work effectually, and, though fired at by several of the concealed enemy, returned in safety.

The enemy being nowhere discoverable, a detachment went across to the Virginia side, but discovered no traces of them, they having either entirely withdrawn or secreted themselves, as usual.

I have just returned, calling in all except the pickets. All is quiet and no appearance of the enemy.

I may conclude by saying that in my opinion there is no position along the line of the Potomac more eligible for artillery firing than the Virginia side of the Point of Rocks.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOHN W. GEARY,

Colonel Twenty-eight Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain ROBERT WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEPTEMBER 25, 1861.-Engagement at Frestone Point, Virginia.

Report of Colonel Louis T. Wigfall, First Texas Infantry.

DUMFRIES,

September 25, 1861.

President JEFFERSON DAVIS:

The fleet lying in this portion of the river sent an armed tug to feel our batteries. She fired ten shots into the point occupied by Hampton's battery before they were returned. The battery then drove her off. The war steamers then opened. We fired thirty shots, the enemy twenty-two. General Whiting order the firing to continue after they ceased, to show them we could drive them. The fleet is now divided-part above Powell's Run and part below. When Stevens' batteries are ready they will stop the lower detachment of the fleet. The infantry sup[port are active and ready. If the enemy land, our knowledge of the ground will make us equal to ten times our numbers. All are cheerful, and the army will send you its congratulations if a serious action results.

Your fried,

LOUIS T. WIGFALL.

SEPTEMBER 25, 1861.-Reconnaissance to Lewinsville, Va., and skirmish near that place.

HEADQUARTERS, CAMP ADVANCE, VA., September 27, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that at 9 o'clock on Wednesday morning, September 25, I moved towards Lewinsville, the right wing under Colonel Taylor, leaving on the hill commanding Langley, on the Leesburg turnpike, one section of Captain Mott's battery, support by there companies of the Nineteenth Indiana; advancing on

