
ticularly notice Lieutenant Hazlett, in command of the section, who proved himself a most accomplished artillerist in pointing his guns, his shells bursting apparently among them. The conduct of the troops was all that I could desire, standing with perfect coolness when their shot was falling, as it did at one time, all about them, one shell bursting over the California regiment and wounding one man slightly in the arm, and their cheers must have been heard by the enemy every time our shell seemed to reach their mark.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. F. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding at Cain Bridge.

Colonel R. B. Marcy, Chief of Staff.

SEPTEMBER 28, 1861.-Affair near Vanderburgh's house, Munson's Hill, Virginia.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel Edward D. Baker, Seventy-first Pennsylvania Infantry.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Dennis O'Kane, Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry.

Numbers 3.-Lieutenant Colonel Isaac J. Wistar, Seventy-first Pennsylvania Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Edward D. Baker, Seventy-first Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS BAKER'S BRIGADE,Near Monocacy, October 6, 1861.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose the reports of the officers commanding two regiments in the brigade under my command. It is only necessary for the commanding general to peruse them to be satisfied that the casualties which occurred on the night of the 28th ultimo were inevitable results of cause over which the troops themselves had no control. The circumstances were peculiarly trying, and the confusion, through great, did not impair the courage or steadiness of most of the officers and men.

As the California regiment was most exposed, I deem it proper to speak in terms of high commendation of Lieutenant-Colonel Wistar, commanding, who evinced peculiar coolness and intrepidity.

The command is under great obligations to Captain Harvey, assistant adjutant-general of the brigade, for his excellent conduct on the occasion, and the adjutant of the California regiment, Lieutenant Newlin deserves the praise bestowed on him by his commanding officer.

The field officers of the other regiments of the brigade also evinced high personal bravery, and I have no reason to doubt, from the conduct of officers and men generally, that the losses they sustained are not to be attributed to any want of soldierly qualities, and will in nowise diminish their confidence either in their officers or themselves. Having been absent on duty at the time the events in question took place, I from these opinions after a careful examination, and am confident of their general correctness.

I have the honor to be, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. BAKER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

The ADJUTANT-GENERAL, Army of Potomac, Washington.

