
and untoward events, fate seeming at times to home decreed a terrible antithesis-the misery and absurdity here, the sympathy and the glory elsewhere.

As you must be aware, this command is mainly composed of the wrecks of General Ganrett's, and the annals of warfare might be searched in vain to find a more pitiable picture of suffering, destitution, and demoralization than they presented at the close of their memorable retreat. It has required the untiring efforts of the most energetic officers and all the encouragement which could be brought to bear upon them to restore the troops to anything like the efficiency of which they were originally capable.

In the battle to which you have been pleased to refer in compliment are terms the disparity of numbers between our force and that of the enemy was greater than has been assumed. I did not think it advisable to expose our real condition of weakness. The strongest of our regiments (Colonel Fulkerson's) had been previously withdrawn to protect Colonel Gilham flank. The reports of the morning proceeding the 3rd did n ot show more than 1,800 men for duty, and the pickets and guards which our position requires us to keep up in all direction had taken many of these from the line. Considerably more than trebling us in numbers, doubling us in artillery of superior character, and confident of success, the enemy was repulsed simply by the happy disposition of our forces, the boldness of our movements, and the cool determination of officers and men. What would have been the results of our defeat who can fully estimate? And yet, because it was comparatively bloodless, for the achievement of the victory who will ever give us full credit?

You will discern in what I have now said some reason for the detail character of my report and for the mention by me of so many names. It was necessary as well as proper, and if it be deemed of any importance to foster the spirit of this division of the Army some appreciation of meritorious service must be exhibited.

I would remark, in the same connection, that I delayed acknowledging the receipt of your letter because I contemplated a course of action in reference to certain newspaper publications which I knew would fail to meet your approval. Such publications may be disregarded by the statesman of the soldier of established reputation, but they can do much to wound the officers and men of a young corps like the one I command, who have endured the sufferings without being adjudged the laurels of veterans. Fully sensible, however, of the impropriety of complicating public position with personal feuds, I delayed writing you for the purpose of asking permission to retire from the Army so soon as the winter should withdraw this brink branch of it from the field. Circumstances of which it is unnecessary to speak have intervened to toward my indentation for the present.

Begging to return my thanks to the President and to yourself for your king expressions toward ny command and toward me, I have the honor to remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. R. JACKSON.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Acting Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, October 12, 1861.

SIR: I have received through the Adjutant-General your report of the action of 3rd instant at Greenbrier River. I congratulate both yourself

