
upon them just as they began [to] retreat from the house under a heavy fire from Captain Bertram; then advanced, and my line connected with Captain Bertram, as we gainers possession of the brick house. The enemy opened a heavy cross-fire upon us as we advanced upon the house from our right and front, their skirmishers being deployed along and behind a ridge northward of Bolivar. Our musketry not having effect upon the enemy from the cover of the brick house, we deployed to the left, and advanced along the turnpike toward the enemy. Advancing, observed their gun placed ahead of us in the road and watched by artillerists; charged upon it, in concert with Captain Bertram, which the enemy perceiving, endeavored in haste ho haul off their gun. In so doing the axle-tree was broken, and they were forced to leave after spiking.

As we drew near the gun,t eh enemy being strongly entrenched to our right upon the ridge, opened upon us a terrible fire of musketry and rifle, under which we were forced to seek shelter of trees and hillocks and to lie upon our faces. Not being supported, and the right flank not closing in to dislodge [the] enemy, we fell back of the fire. As we commenced retreat, the enemy's cavalry dashed upon us, almost surrounding a portion of our small force. I saw their danger, and ordered [the] foremost in retreat to rally to repel cavalry and cover [the] flight of our men. They did so gallantry, and poured a volley into the cavalry that threw into confusion and drove them from the field, several saddles empty. We then retreated into Bolivar upon main body, and held our ground under cannonade from enemy from Loudoun Heights and from high ridge beyond the town. We waited the arrival of artillery, which camp to our assistance. We then advanced in skirmish line toward enemy by Colonel Geary's command. The enemy fled back under the fire of our artillery, and we advanced rapidly upon their position, they falling behind the ridge. In our advance we passed the gun the enemy could not remove, and occupied the position on the ridge. The enemy fell back upon Halltown, and were out of sight.

In our advance upon the brick house, Private Steward E. Mosher, Company c, was killed; and in the charge upon the gun, Private Henry, Raymond, Company C, was killed, and Corporal George Gray and Corporal William H. Foster, of Company C, were each wounded in the leg and Private Edgar Ross, of Company C, was wounded and taken prisoner, and Private Thomas Hader, Company C, slightly wounded ion the leg, which comprise the whole loss of my command.

I was the only commissioned officer in the company. My men behaved gallantly, evincing great bravery and coolness under galling fire.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MOSES O'BRIEN,

First Lieutenant of Company C, Third Wisconsin Volunteers.

Colonel JOHN W. GEARY, &amp;c.

Numbers 7. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Turner Ashby, C. S. Army.

CAMP EVANS, NEAR HALLTOWN, VA., October 17, 1861.

MY DEAR SIR: I herewith submit the result of an engagement had with the enemy on yesterday (the 16th) at Bolivar Hill. The enemy occupying that position have for several days been committing depredations in the vicinity of their camp. Having at my disposal only 300 militia, armed with flint-lock muskets, and two companies of cavalry

