
[Inclosure Numbers 7.]

NOVEMBER 4, 1861.

Can you get ready to move by to-morrow night? If so, McMullin's battery, or a part of it, will be sent down to-night. What report have you from the scouts sent out by you?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM, Camp Huddleston.

[Inclosure Numbers 8.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT WESTERN VIRGINIA,Camp Gauley Mountain, November 4, 1861.

I fear your scouting parties will alarm the enemy; they are so large. However, let them go. We have had scouting party up Look Creek. The upper end of it is well picketed by the rebels. Have you all your preparations made? Push everything, and let me know how soon you can get ready. I think cavalry would be in your way. For artillery I cannot decide until I hear your report about the road. Presume two mountain howitzers, possibly McMullin's battery entire, if the rifled artillery comes up this way. It leaves Camp Enyart this morning.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

[Inclosure Numbers 9.]

NOVEMBER 5, 1861.

The general desires to know about the route as to practicability of sending artillery. He thinks the number of rebels reported to be nearer from 4,000 to 6,000. Glad to hear that McMullin can pass. The general desires to know something of road that leads to Laurel Creek to left of Loop. The commanding general wishes to know if you are over the river..

JOSEPH DARR, JR.,

Major, First Virginia Cavalry, A. A. A. G.

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM, Camp Huddleston.

[Inclosure Numbers 10.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT WESTERN VIRGINIA,Camp Gauley Mountain, November 5, 1861.

It was intended that you should have gone over to-day, and that all would be snug there. Keep the Victor and the scow in the vicinity for service. Final orders will be given you in due time. A sketch map will be sent you, embodying such information as we possess. I wish you to be very careful in your inquiries about the bature of road up Loop. You will find that when you get up to a certain point it forks left over the ridge on the Big Mill Creek, coming in front of their position, right going around and coming into Fayette. You will be able to find guides and get posted by to-morrow. Every other man have coffee in canteens. Some whisky and quinine bitters should be provided if it could be so carried as to be safe. Some nurses must be detailed to go with the surgeons. Don't fear numbers. I shall not send you without strong co-operation.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army..

.

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM, Camp Huddleston...

.

