
[Inclosure Numbers 15.]

NOVEMBER 6, 1861.

Nos. 3, 4, 5, 6, and received. Make the men comfortable. Have five days' rations. Send your pioneer party up Loop. Carry out instructions so far to know the road from Taylor's over to Laurel without alarming the enemy. McMullin, with two of his howitzers, will be down to-night. Your directions to Schneider are good. When you leave you will have to leave a small camp guard, which will be able to secure the fayette road up the bank of the river. Must probably hold the road Taylor's. It may prove best to close the Taylor road and follow up the Kincaid route. Endeavor by scouts an others to ascertain this. We shall have further communication before final orders for the combined movement are given. Study well the map and memoir. Be cautions in whose presence you speak, otherwise it will leak out among the soldiers right away. Favorable news came in to-night.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM, Camp Huddleston.

[Inclosure Numbers 16.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT WESTERN VIRGINIA,Camp Gauley Mountain, November 6, 1861.

We must have Loop Creek up beyond Taylor's and the ridge between it and the valley of the Fayette road. Secure this with as little discomfort to the men as is consistent with the firm execution of the purpose. Will send such sketch and information of it as we possess. See that everything is held with a form hand; that you have plenty of everything needful..

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM, Camp Huddleston.

[Inclosure Numbers 17.]

NOVEMBER 7, 1861.

The commanding general is waiting to hear the result of your scouts to-day. Is your way clear, and which appear best routes?

JOSEPH DARR, JR.,

Major, and A. A. A. G.

Brigadier-General BENHAM, Camp Huddleston.

[Inclosure Numbers 18.]

NOVEMBER 8, 1861.

Yours received. You appear to be doing well, but it seems to me the place where paths lead out into Fayette road ought not to bring us out at Huddleston's. If so, what are we to gain over going up the river?

You must try and know that route by Laurel spoken of in the memoir. Send me the corrected distances and positions. Where did the scouts see the enemy's camp? Refer to map and name corrections.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

Brigadier-General BENHAM, Camp, Loop Creek Mouth.

