
rebels have retreated or are standing. You will also send a signal flag to some point opposite my camp to let me know. If they stand, the flag will be raised twice; if they run, only once. Major Leiper has orders to send you word if his scouts report a retreat to-night. Plauf's dragoons will report to you too. You will, on learning what the rebels do, make such disposition of your force on the Fayette road and give such orders to those at Cassidy's Mill as circumstances may require.

Brigadier-General BENHAM, Camp, Loop Creek Mouth.

[Inclosure Numbers 34.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT WESTERN VIRGINIA,Camp Gauley Mountain, November 12, 1861.

Your dispatches Nos. 27 and 28 - latter 5 a. m. - received. You say you did not receive my orders until 11. Your dispatch acknowledge receipt was dated 7 p. m. I understand the guard at Taylor's to be 100 men. The only other detachments from your forces is that which occupies Cassidy's Mill. When you get to the top of Cotton Hill, and ascertain where the rebels are and what they are doing, you will be able to take necessary precautions. The objects of our movements have been fully set forth by previous dispatches.

Brigadier-General BENHAM, Camp, Loop, Creek.

[Inclosure Numbers 35.]

The commanding general has had no advises from you since this morning. Desires you to report your itinerary, present condition, and position of your forces and those which have been directed to report to you, with all information of the position and movements of the rebels. He also informs you that New River rose last night so as to prevent the stretching of the rope across Townsend's Ferry, which appears to be still unwatched. From your position movements have been seen at Dickerson's farm, but if you occupy Cotton Hill to-night you will be able to know all about the enemy's position and movements, which I understand can be seen from it. Report at your earliest convenience in reply and give the hour. Send for your tents.

[Inclosure Numbers 36.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT WESTERN VIRGINIA,Camp Gauley Mountain, November 12, 1861 - 9 p. m..

Your Numbers 29 received; also Lieutenant William H. Mill's verbal report. I am much gratified to hear of your progress and the position you have taken; also that you have sent to communicate at once with Cassidy's Mill. I trust you will find no great loss from the skirmish. Send for your tents and provisions. Get accurate information of the route from your position to Cassidy's Mill, and thence to Raleigh pike in rear of Fayette. Our best information shows that the road from Cassidy's is practicable, not exceeding 3 or 4 miles long, and intersects the Raleigh pike 2 miles in rear of Fayette. The rebels were fortifying on Dickerson's farm at the junction of Miller's Ferry and Fayette roads this afternoon, evidently designing to cover themselves against attack from the Miller's Ferry roads. If they will only hold that position our success will be captain. You hold now the key of that country. Their camp is within range of rifle if not Parrott guns. You have probably force enough to whip them now if it could be transferred

