
guard and outpost duties, and take every practicable means of increasing the efficiency and certainly with which the troops can act.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM, Camp Huddleston.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel Carr B. White, Twelfth Ohio Infantry, of skirmish on Laurel Creek, November 12.

CAMP HUDDLESTON, VA., November 18, 1861.

SIR: At the skirmish on Laurel Creek at the crossing of the Kanawha and fayetteville road, Company H. Twelfth Regiment, which was detached from my command in the morning as an advance guard, under command of Colonel W. S. Smith, with Company A, Thirteenth, had 3 men wounded severely, 1 of whom has since died, viz: Corporal Samuel Burke, since dead; Private John S. Kirk and Private George S. Reed. In a scout on the 10th instant, conducted by Lieutenant-Colonel Hines, of the Twelfth, and Captain Atkinson, of your staff, care Johnson, Company B, was severely wounded.

C. B. WHITE.

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM.

Numbers 6. Report of Colonel William S. Smith, Thirteenth Ohio Infantry, of skirmishes (November 12) on Laurel Creek and (November 14) near McCoy's Mill.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH REGIMENT O. V. I.,Camp Huddleston, Va., November 18, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiments in the recent rout and pursuit of Floyd's forces:

On the 6th instant, at 4.30 o'clock p. m., we crossed the Kanawha River, together with the remaining portion of the First Provisional Brigade, under command of Brigadier-General Benham, and encamped near the mouth of Loop Creek, where we remained until the morning of the 12th instant. We then marched up the left bank of the Kanawha River to Montgomery's Ferry, and thence by the Fayete road over Cotton Hill to a point near the crossing of Layrel Creek, my regiment leading the column.

While the command was yet upon the astern declivity of Cotton Hill a halt was ordered by General Benham, and Captain Care's company of the Twelfth Ohio and Captain Beach's company of the Thirteenth Ohio were ordered to make a reconnaissance of the laurel Creek ravine just in advance of us and through which our road lay for the distance of about half a mile. These companies had but fairly entered the ravine when they came upon a strong outpost of the enemy lying in ambush the fire of the enemy, which was poured in upon them at short range. Both officers and men behaved with great coolness.

