
Correspondence relative to the flag of truce sent for the benefit of the wounded at Leesburg.
HEADQUARTERS CORPS OF OBSERVATION,Poolesville, November 7, 1861.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward herewith papers marked 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, concerning a flag of truce sent for the recovery of the body of the late Captain Alden, Tammany regiment, and for the benefit of our wounded at Leesburg. The following money and supplies were sent, viz: $100 in coin, 24 blankets, 24 flannel shirts, 24 pairs socks, and a supply of tea, sugar, and salt.

Hoping that the action taken in this matter will meet the approval of the Major-General Commanding-in-Chief, I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. Army Potomac, Washington, D. C.

[Inclosure No. 1.]
HEADQUARTERS,Poolesville, October 30, 1861.

Brigadier-General Stone presents his compliments to the general commanding the forces in the vicinity of Leesburg, Va., and begs to know if the body of an officer buried on the field of the late action action of October 21 can be disinterred and brought away by his friends and whether letters and supplies can be transmitted under flag of truce to prisoners captured in the same action. Should it meet the views of the general commanding the forces at Leesburg, General Stone would be happy to dispatch an officer of rank to Edwards Ferry, to confer with one who may be designated on the other part.

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

LEESBURG, VA., October 30, 1861.

Brigadier-General Evans presents his regards to General Stone, and reports that the subject-matter of his letter will be forwarded for the consideration of the general commanding the Army of the Potomac. General Evans would, however, assume General Stone that the prisoners of the U. S. Army now here are properly cared for.

N. G. EVANS,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[Inclosure No. 3.]

EDWARDS FERRY, November 4, 1861.

Memorandum made this 4th day of November, 1861, at 4.45 p. m., by the bearer of a flag to the Virginia shore, opposite Edwards Ferry, immediately upon the return of the flag.

The flag was received by Lieutenant-Colonel Jenifer, attended by Captain Rogers, of General Evans' staff, Lieutenant Clark, and an escort of cavalry. Five inclosures for General Stone, or to his care,

20 R R-VOL V

