
began to send them over, expecting every minute to be discovered by the enemy. In an hour they were all over, and I crossed with Lieutenant Abbott, of my company, and Captain Tremlett, of Company A, Twentieth. I report with the men at the hospital on the island. They got across to this side during the night. they were obliged to stop at the ferry, and sleep out, many without overcoats or blankets, until morning.

Out of 22 officers that were with us in the engagement 13 are killed, wounded, or missing. Of 318 men, 146 are killed, wounded, or missing.* The colonel (Lee) I learned at the island had not crossed, but I have since learned that he and his companions went farther up the river, found the boat which I afterwards used, through it impracticable, and went on. The were, by the report of one or two men who have since come in, taken prisoners. Colonel Lee, Major Revere, Adjutant Pierson, Dr. Revere, and Lieutenant Perry are supposed to have been together..

I supposed it was my duty to make this report of that part of the regiment engaged, as senior officer of those saved.

Very respectfully,

WM. F. BARTLETT,

Captain Company I, Twentieth Regiment.

General STONE,

Commanding Corps of Observation.

No. 8. Report of Colonel Milton Cogswell, Forty-second New York Infantry.

NEW YORK, September 22, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action at Ball's Bluff:

On Sunday, the 20th October, 1861, at about noon, I received verbal orders at the camp of the Tammany regiment from your headquarters to march with my regiment to the vicinity of Conrad's Ferry, and there await further orders. At this time four companies of my regiment were on picket duty along the Potomac between Conrad's Ferry and the Monocacy. With the six companies then in camp I moved to the point directed, and with four companies re-enforced the pickets, retaining two companies with me in bivouac through the night. At about 2 o'clock p. m. on the following day (21st October) I received orders to cross the Potomac at Harrison's Island, taking with me the battery of artillery, which was posted at the same point with myself. Arrived at the landing opposite Harrison's Island, I found the greatest confusion existing. No one seemed to be in charge, nor any one superintending the passage or the troops, and no order was maintained in their crossing. The eight companies of my regiment on picket were rapidly concentrated at the crossing, and I moved with one companies of my regiment and two pieces of artillery, belonging to the Sixth New York Battery, to the island, leaving verbal orders with Major Bowe, who remained in charge, to push the remainder of my regiment on as soon as possible. I immediately crossed the island to make the passage of the second branch of the river, and there found still greater confusion existing than at the the first landing. The California regiment had already gained the Virginia shore, and just as I arrived Lieutenant-Colonel Wistar, its commander,

---------------

*See report No. 3.

---------------

