
which was entirely beyond the control of those engaged, and for which they cannot in the slightest be held responsible, has had the effect of inspiring the men with renewed determination, instead of producing discontent and disorganization, which too often follow upon the heels of such lamentable disasters.

It would be unjust to close this report without paying tribute to the exertions of Major Peter Bowe and Lieutenant Thomas Abbott in superintending the transportation of troops to the Virginia shore and bringing back to the island the dead, dying, wounded, and discomfited soldiers. The task was a severe one, but they performed it with fidelity and promptitude. Their assiduous attention to the duties devolving upon them deserves the highest and most honorable mention.

Respectfully,

JAMES J. MOONEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Tammany Regiment N. Y. S. V.

His Excellency EDWIN D. MORGAN,

Governor of the State of New York.

No. 10. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Isaac J. Wistar, Seventy-first Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CALIFORNIA REGIMENT,Near Poolesville, Md., October 22, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to send for the examination of the general commanding a rebel officer captured yesterday by Captain John Markoe in one of the enemy's charges upon our position at Conrad's Ferry. Captain Markoe was afterward captured himself by the enemy.

Having been severely wounded myself near the close of the action, I am unable to make a detailed report of my losses on the occasion, further than my killed, wounded, and missing amount to more than onehalf those engaged. Most of those who escaped swam the river, consequently my loss in muskets is very great; but comparatively few fell into the hands of the enemy, they mostly having been destroyed in the river to prevent it.

I went into action with about 600 men,being the first battalion of my regiment, yesterday afternoon about 2 p. m.

The action continued until dark, with a heavy loss on both sides, the firing on both sides being very spirited and effective.

Out of the whole force I can parade this afternoon about 270 men, the officers having suffered disproportional great.

My own wounds are severe and painful but not fatal, witch ordinary good fortune, as I understand, and I hope to make a detailed report shortly..

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

ISAAC J. WISTAR,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding California Regiment,

Per JNO. L. WINKHON,

(Colonel Wistar being unable to write.)

Captain STEWART,.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

