
Received headquarters Corps of Observation, Poolesville, October 31, 1861.

This extraordinary production of a fertile imagination is respectfully forwarded. I have no time to notice its misstatements, but would simply call attention to the last clause in the communication, which I am informed is true: "There was not regulatory or order in the movement of the boats." Had there been, there would have been no disaster, and Mr. Young, the author of the within, was Colonel Baker's quartermaster.

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

No. 12. Report of Brigadier General Charles P. Stone, U. S. Army, of operations opposite Edwards Ferry, Maryland.
HEADQUARTERS CORPS OF OBSERVATION,Poolesville, November 2, 1861.

GENERAL: On the 23rd October, at about 10.30 o'clock a. m., I received the special order of which the inclosed is a copy at the hands of Colonel A. V. Colburn, assistant adjutant-general. In obedience thereto I immediately crossed the river at Edwards Ferry and assumed command of the troops then on the Virginia side, which I found to be as follows, viz: General Abercrombie's brigade, of General Banks' division; General Gorman's brigade, of my division; 130 Van Alen Cavalry [Third New York], under Majors Mix and Lewis; 7 companies Seventh Michigan Volunteers, Colonel Grosvenor; 2 companies Twelfth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, under Lieutenant-Colonel Palfrey' the Andrew Sharpshooters;* the rifle company of Boston Tiger Zouaves, Captain Wass, and a section of Rickett's battery (howitzers), under Sergt. Hart..

I immediately placed General Gorman i charge of the operations at the ferry, the Seventh Michigan Volunteers being detailed to guard the landing and man the boats.

Having seen the landing place properly guarded, I dispatched Lieutenant Pierce, Van. Alen Cavalry, with a small party, to scout up Goose Creek to the bridge and across that along the Georgetown road to the vicinity of Franklin, causing him to be cautiously followed by a party of 15 marksmen from the picket at the bridge, and while awaiting his report made a rapid visit to each separate command, and to the right, front, and left of the positions held by our troops. I caused the right of the line, the Monroe house, to be strengthened by 2 companies, and pointed out to the command officer (Captain Wass) the best method of quickly strengthening his position by slight entrenchments, extended the line of pickets to the river bank, and then proceeded far enough to the left and front to get a view of Leesburg from the Tuscarora Valley, without seeing anything of the enemy.

While engaged in this examination I was suddenly informed that the enemy were advancing in force on the right. Although this information was delivered in a confused manner, I deemed it but prudent to prepare for action, and immediately ordered the troops to form, having the artillery

---------------

*Or first company Massachusetts sharpshooters, attacked to Fifteenth Massachusetts Infantry.

---------------

