
reserve. Our forces met the attack with equal firmness, and for a short time the firing was rapid, when the two pieces of artillery opened upon the enemy a well-directed fire, doing fearful execution, causing them to give way in confusion and make a hasty return within their breastworks near Leesburg, suffering a loss of 60 killed and wounded, as ascertained from their wounded and from citizens in the vicinity. The loss in my brigade is one killed and one severely wounded, both belonging to Company I, First Minnesota Volunteers.

On the 23rd, by the general's orders, I directed further entrenchments around the White house near the enemy's works. I also had the fences, yard, and lane barricaded, and strengthened with logs, rails, old plows, wagons, and lumber. On the night of the 23rd, about 7 o'clock, the general ordered me again to proceed to the Maryland side, and take charge of the crossing of artillery and more troops. On arriving I started across four more pieces of artillery. A storm of wind which had been prevailing nearly all day seemed to forbid the possibility of further re-enforcements from this side. Provisions were getting short;' the artillery on the Virginia shore were short of ammunition; the wind was setting strongly from the Virginia shore were short of ammunition; the wind was setting strongly from the Virginia shore; the means of transportation were heavy scows and clumsy canal-boats, managed by poles, when at 8 o'clock p. m. I received notice from Major-General banks that General McClellan had ordered the withdrawal of the whole force from the Virginia to the Maryland side, and orders to proceed quietly, but with all energy, to make the arrangements necessary on the Maryland side, and directed me to call to this work the boatmen and lumbermen of the First Minnesota Volunteers, as it was evident that everything depended on the energy, courage, and muscles of the boatmen to contend against the adverse wind-storm. This detail was made, to which was added 100 men from the Thirty-fourth New York Volunteers, and 150 from the Seventh Michigan Regiment. The plan being matured, the seemingly impossible enterprise was entered upon with a spirit and energy that knew "no such word as fail," and between 9 o'clock p. m. of the 23rd and 5 o'clock a. m. of the 24th every man, horse, and piece of artillery was safely withdrawn from the Virginia shore, and landed on this side again without an accident or the loss of a man or a horse, except the casualty of the fight. The fortitude, endurance, and energy displayed by the men detailed to perform this work deserve the highest commendation. The Minnesota lumbermen performed their part with such skill as to merit special notice. The courage and coolness of the officers and men of my brigade, in most part, as exhibited in their crossing the river, engaging the enemy, and their orderly withdrawal across again, give reliable assurance of their efficiency.

It may not be improper here to state that the result of this movement as a reconnaissance must prove highly beneficial to any future movement in that direction. Each order was strictly followed, and the desired result accomplished.

Trusting that I have performed satisfactorily the somewhat difficult and responsible duty to which General Stone and General Banks assigned me, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. GORMAN,

Brigadier-General.

Captain CHARLES STEWART,

Asst. Adjt. General, Brigadier General, Stone's Division.

