
to retire, which we did leisurely, examining the ground to the right and left and leaving vedettes at the most commanding positions.

The enemy did not follow us beyond the edge of the woods in the front of Monroe's house. Lieutenant Pierce and Sergeant Chesbrough were left here to observe his movements, while the remainder of the party proceeded to the left. A scout belonging to the Fourth Virginia Cavalry, Ball's company, was then captured. He had been reconnoitering and had fallen in with our party unexpectedly. Having examined the country to the left and front without discovering anything of further importance, we fell back on our line of skirmishers, leaving the open country and the Monroe house occupied by our vedettes.

Thus closed our movements as a reconnoitering party, but at their own request Captain Murphy, Lieutenant Pierce, and Sergeant Chesbrough remain and gathered much important information during the day and chased several parties who ventured out of the woods back into them. Upon one of these occasions they captured a wooden canteen and saddle-bags which scout drooped in his hurried retreat.

In conclusion, sir, I cannot but commend in the highest terms the conduct of both officers and men under my command. Their coolness and prompt obedience speak well for their future reputation.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. MIX,

Major, Commanding.

Captain CHARLES STEWART,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Corps of Observation.

No. 15. Report of Brigadier General John J. Abercrombie, U. S. Army, of operations opposite Edwards Ferry, Md.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE VOLUNTEERS,Seneca Mills, Md., ---, 1861.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report: In obedience to your order of the 21st instant a portion of my brigade, consisting of the Sixteenth Indiana and Thirtieth Pennsylvania Regiments, marched from Dawsonville at 8 p. m. on that day to Seneca Mills, when further orders were received from you to continue the march to Edwards Ferry, where the brigade arrived, after a fatiguing night's march, about 4 a. m. of the 22nd.

Immediately on our arrival further instructions were received to cross to the Virginia side of the Potomac. Accordingly, hungry and wet as the troops were, they proceeded, and without a murmur, commenced crossing, the Sixteenth Indiana leading, and fast as the limited means of transportation at hand would admit; the Thirtieth Pennsylvania followed, and, by great exertions, effected a landing about 2 p. m. Encamped near the ferry I found the First Minnesota Regiment, Colonel Dana; Second New York, Colonel Tompkins; the Thirty-fourth New York, Colonel La Dew, and Seventh Michigan, on the crest of the hill, 400 or 500 yards beyond it; one company of the Nineteenth Massachusetts Tiger Zouaves, Captain Wass, occupying a farm house to the right; a company of telescopic rifle sharpshooters, Captain ---, in

