
were a few instances where the officers exhibited less zeal than their men; some of whom having absented themselves and wee found on the Maryland side when their regiments were recalled. As it is possible they may be able to justify their conduct, I forbear to mention their names.

As far as I have been enabled to learn, 1 man was killed by the enemy, 1 shot by mistake, and 1 of the enemy wounded and taken prisoner.

General Lander, whom I presume came as a volunteer on the occasion, received a flesh wound in the leg. These are all the casualties I know of.

It is much to be regretted that circumstances, over which the commanding general could have no control, prevented the troops assembled on the Maryland side from crossing in time to re-enforce those already over, as I am fully impressed with the belief, from information received through various sources, and where there could be no collusion, the enemy's forces at the time my brigade crossed did not exceed 4,400 at or near Leesburg. If so, in six hours after we reached Virginia the division under your command might have been in possession of it.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Brigade Volunteers.

Major-General BANKS, Commanding Division.

No. 16. Report of Major General Nathaniel P. Banks, U. S. Army, of march to re-enforce General Stone.
HEADQUARTERS,Edwards Ferry, October 22, 1861.

SIR: I received the order of the commanding general to send General Hamilton's brigade to Poolesville at 4 o'clock yesterday evening, and at 5.30 an order to march to Seneca Mills will the remaining brigades of my division. At 8 o'clock all the troops were in motion except the sick and those left in charge of the camps. General Hamilton reached Poolesville at 10 o'clock, and was placed in position to cover Harrison's Island by General stone, which position he still holds with his brigade. Harrison's Island is nearly opposite Poolesville, and is important chiefly as it facilitates the passage of the river from either side. The Virginia shore opposite the island is abrupt and rocky, in possession of the enemy, who seem to posses it in some force. The deficiency of materials for forcing a passage has rendered it impossible to do more than protect the troops who occupied it, and who brought to the island the wounded and dead of yesterday. It is, however, less tenable than I represented in my dispatch of this morning . The enemy can shell it from the prominent shore they occupy, and dislodge our men, unless it be strongly fortified and defended. This may be done.

The two brigades en route for Seneca Mills reached their destination at 10 o'clock. at 12 o'clock midnight they received an order from the commanding general to march at once to Poolesville, and taking the river road the head of the column reached Edwards Ferry between 3 and 4 o'clock marching during the night about 18 miles. The exigency which first required their presence here was probably over miles. The exigency which first required their presence here was probably over before they had received the order to march. The morning presented a different

