
POINT OF ROCKS, October 28, 1861.

GENERAL: I beg you to send this report to Colonel Marcy. I am deeply grieved at General Stone's disaster. It was only ten days ago, a day or two before it happened, that General McClellan had positive information from me, via Fort Monroe, that there were 11,000 men still at Leesburg. It would therefore seem he (Stone) must have acted without proper information.

They have been waiting there for no other purpose than to catch a small party at a disadvantage.

I am, general, your most obedient servant,

FRANCIS L. BUXTON.

Major-General BANKS.

No. 18. Brigadier General Charles P. Stone's letter to Honorable Benjamin F. Wade, chairman of Joint Committee on the Conduct of the War.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 6, 1863.

SIR: During my recent examination (27th ultimo) you asked me the question, "Who arrested you?" My answer was long, and referred to a number of papers which I had not with me. As my answer indicated, I am yet in doubt as to whom the responsibility of the arrest attaches; but I inclose copies of such papers (ten in number) as are now in my possession, and respectfully place them at the disposition of the honorable the committee.

Very respectfully, I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosures.]

ORDER, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Numbers -. Washington City, D. C., January 28, 1862.

Ordered, That the general commanding be, and is hereby, directed to relieve Brigadier General C. P. Stone from command of his division in the Army of the Potomac forthwith, and that he be places in arrest and kept in close custody until further orders.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, February 8, 1862.

GENERAL: You will please at once arrest Brigadier General Charles P. Stone, U. S. volunteers, and retain him in close custody, sending him under suitable escort by the first train to Fort Laffayette, where he will be places in charge of the commanding officer. See that he has no communication with any one form the time of his arrest.

Very respectfully, yours,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

Brigadier General ANDREW PORTER, Provost-Marshal.

