
WASHINGTON, D. C., September 25, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following for the consideration of the General-in-Chief:

On the 8th February, 1862, about the hour of midnight, I was arrested by an armed guard, commanded by Brigadier General George Sykes, and placed in close confinement, under, in the quarters of the officers of the provost-marshal's guard.

At the time of the arrest I asked of General Sykes the cause, but was informed that he was perfectly ignorant of it.

Early on the morning of the 9th February I addressed the following letter to the headquarters of the Army of the Potomac, viz:

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 9, 1862.

GENERAL: This morning, about 1 o'clock, I was arrested by Brigadier-General Sykes, commanding City Guard, and made a close prisoner, by order, as I was informed, of the Major-General Commanding-in-Chief.

Conscious of being and having been at all times a faithful soldier of the United States, I most respectfully request that I my be furnished, at as nearly a moment as practicable, wit a copy of whatever charges may have been preferred against me, and the opportunity of promptly meeting them.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General Volunteers.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Army of the Potomac.

The above letter was carried by General Sykes to General Williams early in the morning of the 9th February. No answer has ever been received by me.

During the night of February 9 I was conveyed, in charge of a lieutenant and two police officers, to Fort Hamilton, New York Harbor, and turned over to the custody of Lieutenant Colonel Martin Burke, Third Artillery, who immediately sent me in charge of a guard to Fort Lafayette, where I was delivered to Lieutenant Wood, Ninth Infantry.

At Fort Lafayette the money was taken from my pockets, and I was placed in solitary confinement in a room ordinarily used as enlisted men's quarters, where I was kept forty-nine days, no letter being allowed to reach or to leave me without inspection.

During this confinement I applied at different times, through the proper channels, for speedy trial, for charges, for change of locality, and access to the records of my office and headquarters to enable me to prepare for trial, &amp;c., but never received any response to any of my communications.

After forty-nine days I was transferred to Fort Hamilton, and allowed opportunities of obtaining air and exercise, but the same restrictions were continued on my correspondence.

I applied for a copy of the order placing me in confinement, but could no obtain it.

I applied to my custodian to learn what crime was alleged against me, and he informed me that he knew nothing of it.

After thus awaiting charges more than two months, I applied for suspension of arrest and opportunity to serve before Yorktown, but received no reply.

Again, on the occasion of the retreat of our forces from the Shenandoah Valley, I applied for suspension of arrest and opportunity to serve, but received no reply.

On the 4th of July I again applied, but received no reply.

