
The name of the refugee he does not recollect, and the last time he recollects seeing the statement was at the War Department, immediately previous to your arrest. If he has a copy, it is among his official papers, which papers are en route for New York, and will be examined on his return, and if the paper referred to be found among them, he will furnish you with a copy.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. SWEITZER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE, U. S. Volunteers.

[NOTE.] - The statement referred to within has not up to this date been furnished me.

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General.

MARCH 6, 1863.

No. 19. Reply of the Secretary of War to resolution of House of Representatives.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 12, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a resolution of the House of Representatives calling for certain information with regard to the disastrous movement of our troops at Ball's Bluff, and to transit to you a report of the Adjutant-General of the U. S. Army, from which you will perceive that a compliance with the resolution at this time would, in the opinion of the General-in-Chief, be injurious to the public service.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMEROON,

Secretary of War.

Honorable G. A. GROW, Speaker House of Representatives.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, December 11, 1861.

SIR: In compliance with you instructions I have the honor to report, in reference to the resolution of the honorable the House of Representatives, received the 3rd instant, "That the Secretary of War be requested, whether any, and if any, what measures have been taken to ascertain who is responsible for the disastrous movement of our troops at Ball's Bluff," that the General-in-chief of the Army is of opinion an inquiry on the subject of the resolution would at this time be injurious to the public service.

The resolution is herewith respectfully returned.

Respectfully submitted.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR, Washington.

