
No. 20. Report of General G. T. Beauregard, C. S. Army, with congratulatory orders.
HDQRS. FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Centreville, December 6, 1861.

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit with this the report of Brigadier-General Evans of the battle fought by the troops of his command, near Leesburg, Va., on the 21st of October, 1861. I shall also inclose herewith lists of the killed and wounded* and the reports of the separate regimental and battalion commanders.

I have also to forward for the information of the War Department, and as a part of the history of the operations resulting in that battle, my letter of instructions to Brigadier-General Evans, dated October 17, 1861. A map prepared by General Evans will be forwarded by hand.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Centreville, October 17, 1861.

COLONEL: Your note of this date has been laid before the general, who wishes to the informed of the reasons that influenced you to take up your present position, as you omit to inform him. The point you occupy is understood to be very strong, and the general hopes you will be able to maintain it against odds should the enemy press across the river nd move in this direction. To prevent such a movement and junction of Banks' forces with McClellan's is of the utmost military importance, and you will be expected to made a desperate stand, falling back only in the face of an overwhelming enemy. In case, unfortunately, you should be obliged to retire, march on this point and effect a junction with his corps.

If you still deem it best to remain at Carter's Mill, the general desires you to maintain possession of Leesburg as an outpost by a regiment without baggage or tents, and to be relieved every three or four days.

As you may be aware, this army has taken up a line of triangular shape, with Centreville as the salient, one side running to Union Mills, the other to Stone Bridge, with outposts of regiments 3 or 4 miles in advance in all directions and cavalry pickets yet in advance as far as Fairfax Court-House.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Colonel N. G. EVANS, Commanding at Leesburg, Va.

---------------

*A tabular statement, compiled form those lists, appears as report No. 22, p.353.

---------------

