
his company, and Captain W. A. P. Jones, of the Seventeenth Regiment Mississippi Volunteers, and a detachment of cavalry, the whole under the command of Captain Singleton, who conducted 529 prisoners nearly 25 miles after the great fatigue of the battle.

Accompanying this report I inclose an accurate map of the field of battle,* and the reports of the immediate commanders; to the latter I would respectfully refer for individual acts of gallantry and patriotism. I also forward the report of the field officer of the day, Lieutenant-Colonel McGuirk, of the Seventeenth Regiment Mississippi Volunteers, to whom I am much indebted for information of the flank movements of the enemy. Lieutenant Sheffield Duval, here on duty as Topographical Engineer, and Sergt. William R. Chambliss, of the Eighteenth Regiment Mississippi Volunteers, my private secretary rendered material service, the former by fighting on foot with his musket as a private, the latter by conveying my orders on the field of battle under heavy fire.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. G. EVANS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Seventh Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel THOMAS JORDAN,

A. A. G., 1st Corps, Army of the Potomac, near Centreville.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT, S. C.,Adams Run, S. C., March 7, 1862

SIR: As I see by the newspapers that a resolution has passed the Confederate Congress calling of the report of Colonel W. H. Jenifer's cavalry force of the battle of Leesburg, I deem it but justice to the troops under my command at Leesburg, on October 21st and 22nd, to state that Colonel Jenifer was never placed in command of any other troops but the five companies first engaged. I sent for Colonel Jenifer and placed him in command of these companies and of none others; neither was Colonel Jenifer acquainted with the plan of the attack, as is shown by the reports of the regimental commanders engaged. I would also state that I sent fort Colonel Jenifer and called his attention to the contradictory statements in his report. I also communicated the facts of his report to Colonels Barksdale, Featherston, Hunton, and Griffin, who expressed their surprise, as they received no orders from Colonel Jenifer..

I make this statement to explain the contradictory reports. By reference to the reports of the colonels commanding a true history of the battle will be found.

Should Colonel W. H. Jenifer's report be published, I respectfully request that this statement be also published.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. G. EVANS,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR, Richmond, Va.

[Indorsements.]

MARCH 12, 1862.

If Colonel Jenifer's report was transmitted through General Evans, he had then the opportunity to make the proper indorsement on it and cannot now add other remarks, and thus irregularly change the record after the parties have separated. If the report was not transmitted by General Evans, he has now the right to annex to it the within statement.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

