
to go over into the field and drive them from it and the house. My order was promptly obeyed by every man except two, who had been wounded. In a very short time we succeeded in driving them from their hiding place and put them to flight, killing and wounding 7 or 8 of their number. Having succeeded in clearing that locality of the enemy, I had done all that I had been ordered to do. After a few moments' delay I advanced my company across the field in the direction the enemy had taken, but found none of them.

Here I received an order to place my company on the left of the Eighth Virginia Regiment, which was said to be passing through the woods in the direction of the main body of the enemy to give them battle. This I attempted to do, but failed to find the Eighth Virginia, but soon a general engagement commenced between the Virginias and the enemy on my right. As soon as I could procure a reliable guide who knew the positions occupied by the contending forces I started to the Eighth Virginia Regiment to assist them. Upon my arrival my company was thrown forward into the field side by side with the Eighth Virginia Regiment and a part of the Eighteenth Mississippi Regiment, who had come up also, under command of Major E. G. Henry. Then it was that quite a spirited and hot contest ensued, in which my company acted a conspicuous part. The enemy having a position near a battery of howitzers, and order was given to charge the battery, which was responded to instantly by my company and the Virginians, and I think a portion of the Eighteenth Mississippi. The charge was successful, the guns were taken, several of my men being among the first to reach the guns and take part in their removal. In this charge I suffered no loss except one man (James E. Ballon), who fell mortally wounded, having been shot through the breast while making his way to the guns. At the time he fell he was among those farthest in advance.

Notwithstanding my line had become broken and my men, as well as all others who were here engaged, had become scattered, still none were seen to falter. I continued in the engagement until its close, when I returned with my company to the regiment near Fort Evans.

My loss during the day was 1 killed, 4 wounded; 2 very slightly by pieces of bombs while on our way to join the Eighth Virginia; the other 2 are not seriously hurt.

It affords me pleasure to be able truly to state that every man in my company both officers and privates, did his whole duty nobly, willingly and gallantly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. D. FLETCHER,

Captain Co. D, Minute-men of Attala, Thirteenth Miss. Reg't.

Colonel WILLIAM BARKSDALE,

Colonel Commanding Thirteenth Mississippi Regiment.

Numbers 26. Report of Colonel W. S. Featherston, Seventeenth Mississippi Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH REGIMENT MISS. VOLS.,Camp near Leesburg, October 25, 1861.

SIR: In obedience to your order I beg leave to submit the following report of the action of this regiment in the battle of the 21st instant upon the banks of the Potomac, near Leesburg:

