
Burt, with his regiment, in the road between Kephart's Mill and Daily's house. By your directions I told the colonel to move his command forward to Daily's house, and send forward two companies with me to the ferry. When I arrived at the road leading to the ferry I met the cavalry picket, who stated positively that the enemy had driven him in leveling their guns at him, they having crossed two regiments before he left. I instructed this picket to report to you at once; took 10 picked men and a lieutenant, together with your Mr. Alexander. I went to the mouth of Goose Creek, and found no enemy. There were signs of a boat having touched the bank. I reported the fact to you about 11 o'clock on the 20th October. I also told you that I left a picket of our men at the burnt warehouse, and that I informed Lieutenant-Colonel Jenifer of the fact. You then instructed me to inform the colonel that he might, with his command, go to bed; and your ordered me to go at once to White's Ford, visiting Captain Duff's pickets up the river to the head of Mason's Island, and report after daybreak. i reached the pickets at White's Ford, and shortly after I was on the heights above Mrs. Orrison's house, watching a brigade (four regiments) drawn up in line of battle, apparently awaiting marching orders. As this was the only demonstration I witnessed in my my travels, I watched the movements of this brigade, and as I waited one of the pickets at White's Ford came up and told me he heard firing of small-arms down the river. I left him to watch, and started as the brigade filed down the river towards the point at which the firing was reported.

When I reached White's Ford I was informed that there was fighting towards Leesburg, in the direction of Conrad's Ferry. I hastened on and met a courier near Henry Ball's house, who informed me that I was cut off, as the enemy was between me and the town engaging our forces. I hastened forward and arrived at the entrenchments a little after 4 p.m, and informed you of the approaching forces to sustain the enemy, and asked permission to join my regiment, which you granted. I found on my entrance upon the battle-field a detachment of the brave Eighth Virginia Regiment resting upon their arms, being forced to retire (as I learned) from exhaustion and the want of ammunition. I also found a company of the Eighteenth Mississippi Regiment, which I put in line upon the left of my regiment (the Seventeenth Mississippi). I then reported to Colonel W. S. Featherston, who assigned me my position upon the right of my regiment, and informed me that Colonel E. R. Burt, Eighteenth Mississippi Regiment, had been carried from the field wounded. I found the Eighteenth Regiment, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Griffin, formed on the right of the Seventeenth Mississippi Regiment. These forces were under command of Colonel W. S. Featherston, who had drawn them into line and was advancing firing. He ordered the right and left wings up, thus forming a crescent line, which enabled us with raking fire to cut down the advancing enemy. The men manifested confidence under the coolness of their officers. They seemed fighting a sham battle, when above the roar of musketry was heard the command of Colonel Featherston,"Charge, Mississippians, charge! Drive them into the Potomac or into eternity!" The sound of his voice seemed to echo rom the vales of Maryland. The line arose as one man from a kneeling posture, discharged a deadly volley, advanced the crescent line, and thus encircled the invaders, who in terror called for quarter and surrendered.

Upon the surrender of Colonel Cogswell (to whom, being wounded, I loaned my horse) I was left with two companies of the Eighteenth Regi-

