
forces engaged on the 21st were composed of the following regiments and detachments; Detachments of three companies Virginia cavalry, numbering about 70; the Eighth Virginia Regiment, 375; the Eighteenth Mississippi Regiment, 500; the Seventeenth Mississippi Regiment, 600; one company Thirteenth Mississippi, 60. Total, 1,605. Our loss in killed, 35; wounded, 115. No officer was killed in the action. Colonel Burt mortally wounded.

The enemy's force engaged in the action was as near as I can estimate it, about four or five regiments, with three pieces of artillery on the Virginia shore, and several pieces on the opposite side of the river. From the report of prisoners taken in the battle the enemy numbered 4,000. Independent of this force engaged there were three or four regiments of infantry and one or two squadrons of cavalry on his extreme left, about 2 miles distant, at Edwards Ferry. This command was as I have previously stated, held in check by Colonel Barksdale, Thirteenth Mississippi Regiment. I think I can safely estimate the force of the enemy's infantry and cavalry on this side of the river at seven or eight regiments of infantry and one or two squadrons of cavalry. The number of pieces of artillery, except those captured, is not known. The prisoners taken in the action reported the companies of infantry to average 100 men.

The following regiments were represented in the battle, prisoners having been taken from all of them; First California Regiment, Forty-Second New York (Tammany) Regiment, Fourth, Fifteenth, Nineteenth, and Twentieth Massachusetts Regiments, New York Zouaves, and artillery. Two or three regiments of infantry, with cavalry and artillery, at Edwards Ferry, as previously mentioned.

The following is the loss of the enemy as near as can be ascertained, including two colonels and one major prisoners, and General Baker killed; In killed, 200; wounded, 500; drowned, 300; prisoners--- privates, 692; officers 24. Total, 1,716. The number of killed is from a report of a Federal officer, and is no doubt greater than stated. The number of arms taken from the enemy about 1,500, besides a large number of cartridge boxes and clothing of different kinds. The number of prisoners taken by each regiment will be stated in the regimental reports. The cavalry captured about 85 prisoners on the 22nd, and brought them into Leesburg.

Before closing my report I would respectfully call the attention of the commanding general to the gallant conduct of the officers, non-commissioned officers, privates, and citizens who were with me during the day. Too much praise cannot be given to Colonel Hunton and Captain Ball for the manner in which they managed their respective commands. Lieutenant Baxter, of Loudoun Cavalry, deserves praise for the gallant manner in which he made a charge with 10 men on two companies of the enemy's infantry early in the morning. While assisting Captain Duff, Mr. White, of Colonel Ashby's cavalry, volunteered his services during the day. I never witnessed more coolness and courage than this young gentleman displayed, being exposed to the heaviest fire of the enemy. He rode in front of a part of the Seventeenth Mississippi, cheering and encouraging the men. Lieutenant Charles B. Wildman deserves particular notice for his courage and gallant conduct during the day. Sergeant Strother, Madison Cavalry, Acting Sergeant-Major Baugh, Chesterfield Cavalry, and Private Toler, of Loudoun Cavalry, rendered good service in carrying orders. I have also to report that on the evening of the 22nd, after I had executed your order to receive

