
26 miles. This force consisted of a portion of the Seventh, one company each of the Third and Fourth Virginia Infantry, nine companies of the Eighth Ohio, and Ordnance Sergeant Nixon and 10 men, who had gallantly volunteered for the occasion, with a 6-pounder gun. These troops left New Creek Station at 12 o'clock at night of Friday, the 25th instant, and were joined by nine companies of the Fourth Ohio Infantry, from Camp Pendleton, Md., with a detachment of infantry who had volunteered to man two guns-one at 12, the other a 6-pounder. The whole force was concentrated near the junction of the New Creek and Northwestern roads on the morning of Saturday, the 26th, and moved forward over the Northwestern road towards this point in the following order, viz; The Ringgold Cavalry, under Captain Keys, proceed the column, for the purpose of watching the movements of the enemy. The Fourth Ohio Infantry under command of Colonel Mason, Lieutenant-Colonel Cantwell, and Major Godman, took the right of the column. Lieutenant-Colonel Cantwell, having a day or two before resigned his commission, gallantly volunteered to accompany the expedition.

The Seventh and two companies of the Third and Fourth Virginia Infantry followed the Fourth Ohio, under command of Lieutenant Colonel J. G. Kelley, and Major C. E. SwearinJanuary The Eighth Ohio, under command of Colonel Depuy and assistant adjutant-general, Benjamin F. Hawkes. Then followed the artillery, under command of Lieutenant Jenks and Ordnance Sergeant Nixon, Captain McGee's cavalry bringing up the rear.

Colonel Johns' regiment, of the Maryland Brigade, was ordered to move from the mouth of Patterson's Creek, on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, at 12 o'clock at night, by way of Frankfort and Springfield, and enter the town on its eastern border, and occupy the Winchester road at 3 o'clock p.m., the hour at which I was to attack them in front. The object of this movement was to prevent their retreat on Winchester. I am sorry to say that this portion of my plan was, unfortunately, not carried out, Colonel Johns having been repulsed at the Wire Bridge, 7 miles below this point, and was therefore unable to get into position..

At Patterson's Creek, 14 miles west of this point, the troops were halted, took dinner, and rested. At 12 o'clock m. we resumed our march in the same order. At 2.15 p.m. when within 6 miles of Romney, the enemy opened fire upon the head of our column, when our artillery was ordered forward and replied. We then continued our march, with the artillery in front, to the mouth of Mechanicsburg Gap, distant 3 miles from Romney, a position the natural strength of which is unsurpassed by any other in the country. Skirmishers having been thrown out on the right and left, the column was moved through the gap, without, however, receiving a shot. When the head of the column emerged from the pass, it was found that the artillery of the enemy was strongly posted on the east side of the river, in a cemetery lot, on an eminence commanding the entire western approaches to the town, and the infantry and dismounted cavalry occupied entrenchments on the heights, commanding the bridge and the ford. Our artillery was then ordered to open fire upon them, which was promptly replied to by the rebels, and for about an hour a severe cannonade took place between the artillery. Lieutenant Jenks, of Daum's battery, commanding displayed commendable courage and gallantry, and evinced consummate skill in the handing of his guns.

Finding we could not silence their guns, the order was given for the whole column of infantry to move forward and charge through the bridge and to attack the enemy in their entrenchments. At the same

