
time the cavalry, under Captains Keys and McGee, were ordered to charge through the ford and under the bridge, which was most gallantly executed. The enemy, after firing a few rounds, now gave way and fled from their works; the infantry throwing down their arms and fleeing to the woods and mountains and dispersing. The cavalry and artillery retreated through the town towards Winchester, pursued by our cavalry. They attempted to rally and make a stand at the east end of the town, but the impetuous charge of the cavalry and the approach of the infantry on "double-quick" caused them to retreat, without firing a gun up the Winchester road and through a mountain gap similar to the one west of town, where they were pursued by the cavalry, and all their artillery and baggage trains captured. The enemy were so hard pressed that they had not time to discharge or spike their pieces, which fell into our hands all loaded. About 300 stand of small arms, a large quantity of ammunition, their camp equipage, entire baggage train, with about 100 horses and mules, fell into our hands.

The officers and men of my command all displayed great coolness and courage under fire. Where all behaved so well it would seem invidious to make particular mention of individual cases. I must be pardoned, however in calling the attention of the country to the brilliant charges of the cavalry under Captains Keys and McGee. I venture to say they are unsurpassed by any other in the annals of American warfare. As a compliment to Captain Keys, the senior officer, for his gallant conduct, I have named my camp at this point Camp Keys.

The staff officers all discharged their duty with bravery and coolness; and I return my sincere thanks to my assistant adjutant-general, Benjamin F. Hawkes, for his untiring energy and watchfulness during the march, and for his gallant conduct in the action. Our loss was only 1 killed and about 20 wounded. It seems to be almost a miracle that our loss should be so small, considering that we had to advance across a causeway and over a bridge in the face of the enemy's entrenchments. Among the wounded was Dr. Benjamin Tappan, surgeon of the Eighth Ohio, who was struck by a piece of a shell.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant General WINFIELD SCOTT, Washington. D. C.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY,Washington, October 30, 1861.

Brigadier-General KELLEY, U. S. A. Romney, Va.:

You late movement upon and signal victory at Romney do you great honor in the opinion of the President and of Lieutenant-General Scott. You shall be re-enforced as soon as practicable. In the mean time, if necessary,call for any troops at Cumberland of New Creek.

By command:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

