
passage, had arranged covers for his riflemen on an eminence immediately fronting the bridge. Captain Alexander Shaw, of Company
A, who led the advance of the column to this point, was with his company directed to lead the way across the bridge at a double-quick step, supported by the remainder of the regiment. Captain Shaw promptly moved his company as directed and when about half way across the bridge discovered that a portion of the plank flooring on the farther side had been removed. The enemy, on discovering the movement, opened fire by volley, killing 1 and wounding 6 of my men, causing the company to seek shelter behind the parapets of the bridge.

After skirmishing some time from the parapets of the bridge, and an eminence on our left, and not hearing the firing of General Kelley's column for the previous hour, I concluded he had carried Romney, and the object of my march -to create a diversion in his favor-being accomplished, I determined to retire, which we did in good order, to Old Town, in Maryland, arriving there about 9 o'clock p.m., after a march of 25 miles.

It is with pleasure I speak of the good behavior of all my officers and men, and would call your attention particularly to the gallant charge led by Captain Alexander Shaw. Captain Firey, of dragoons, with his company rendered very efficient service by drawing the fire of the enemy from my regiment at the bridge. I was much gratified at and indebted to Mr. Grehan, who volunteered to march with me, for his prompt and cheerful assistance. Mr. Grehan was frequently exposed to severe fire of the enemy.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JOHNS,

Colonel Second Regiment, Potomac Home Brigade.

Brigadier General C. M. THRUSTON,

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel A. Monroe, One hundred and fourteenth Virginia Militia.
HDQRS. ONE HUNDRED AND FOURTEENTH REG'T VA. M.,Hanging Rock, November 22, 1861.

SIR: After a delay which I hope under existing circumstances you will pardon I beg leave to submit the following report, to wit:

On Saturday, the 26th day of October last, at 1 o'clock p.m., information was brought to me at my camp that a large force of the enemy had advanced in the direction of Romney as far as Springfield, a small village 9 miles north of the former place. My camp was on the Old Ferry road, about three-eighths of a mile from the main road, three-quarters of mile from the suspension bridge, which is 1 1/2 miles from Springfield on the main road to Romney.

On receiving the above intelligence I ordered all the men there under my command to repair to the bridge as fast as possible, all our way being through fields, with the exception of a skirt of wood-land surrounding our camp about 20 poles in width.

When we had reached the cleared land I saw that the advance of the enemy had reached Cain's Hill, south of Springfield and deeming it best to send a part of my command to the ford, which is below the bridge some 300 yards, I accordingly ordered Company F, commanded by Lieutenant Jacob Baker and Company K, commanded by Lieutenant Wilbert, consisting

