
OCTOBER 28, 1861. - Skirmish near Budd's Ferry, Maryland.

Report of Brigadier General Joseph Hooker, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS HOOKER'S DIVISION,Six Miles from Budd's Ferry, Md., October 28, 1861.

GENERAL: The most important event of this day was the attempt of a steamer to ascend the river, when three new batteries from the rebel side opened to dispute her passage, numbering not less than fourteen or fifteen guns. These batteries are located from a quarter to half of a mile below the batteries of which you are already advised, and which had hitherto escaped our attention. These guns, as well as those of the batteries before known to us, appear to be field guns, though it is reported that there is one large gun among them. The steamer was so remote we could not determine whether or not she was struck, nor is it known what vessel she is. I am informed that she delivered the first fire. I shall probably know to-morrow.

This occurrence took place about 3 o'clock p.m. I was not present, but when reported to me I sent instructions for the light batteries to be put in readiness to open on the rebel steamer Page, in case the steamer had been disabled and an attempt made to make a prize of her. While the firing was going on, masses of infantry in the woods behind the batteries were descried from the glittering bayonets-in what numbers I have no means of determining. In this regard the opposite side of the river remains a sealed book to me. I have not been able to find any one able or willing to furnish me with any satisfactory information as to the number of the rebel force opposed to me. Of one fact, however, I am almost confident, and it is this; that they expect an assault more than they do of delivering one. Up to this time I have not been able to make a personal inspection of the opposite bank of the river, but will do so as soon as my arrangements are a little better perfected in my own command, which will be either to-morrow or next day.

Another event requires mention. About 10 o'clock a.m. to-day a boat bearing a white flag was seen making for our shore, and a party of 10 or 12 men proceeded to the bank of the river to receive it. The boat stood on her course until within about one-third of the width of the river of our shore, when they threw overboard a barrel and retired as rapidly as they could pull. The boat was near enough to have been emptied with my sharpshooters in case they had delivered their fire. The barrel remains apparently anchored. Whether it was thrown over to mark out the channel, or is one of their infernal machines, as my men call it is still an enigma. In only recur to it to inform you to what base uses the most sacred emblem of all Christian countries is applied by the rebels.

My pickets continue to patrol the shore to my satisfaction. The enemy appear to be as busy with their hammers night and day as ever. It is now 10 o'clock p.m. Captain Williamson has just come in from an examination of Indian Point. His report will reach me in season to forward to-morrow morning. He had an interview with Captain Craven, who stated among other matters that the enemy had three depots of boats in this vicinity, containing not less than 100 in each. He has had a much better opportunity to be informed on this subject than myself, but if it be a fact, the enemy doubtless intends to slip up the river with them instead of crossing it. Such is my opinion. The examination of the Posey case is not yet concluded, therefore I cannot furnish you at this time the evidence elicited. I have been notified by

