
instructions to make his headquarters at Upper Marlborough; to send two companies to Nottingham and vicinity, one to Piscataway, and one to Queen Anne, with permission to make such other distribution of his force as he should deem necessary to carry out the instructions I gave him (a copy of which is marked A).* With the rest of the command I proceeded Monday, the 4th instant, to the vicinity of Lower Marlborough, making a march of 27 miles.

The next day (Tuesday, the 5th) I detached Major Wetherell, of the cavalry, with 100 of his own command and 50 picked men from the Forty-fifth Pennsylvania, and sent him to Saint Leonard's. I sent Colonel Welch, with the balance of the Forty-fifth Pennsylvania, to Prince Frederick. I also sent the Fourth Rhode Island to encamp close by the village of Lower Marlborough, retaining the eight companies of the New Hampshire men at my headquarters, at the Honorable Mr. T. J. Graham's farm, some 2 1/2 miles from the town. The instructions give to Colonel Miller of the Thirty-sixth Pennsylvania, were in substance given to each detached commander. (See copy marked A.) * Colonel Miller, of the Thirty-sixth Pennsylvania, was the only one who departed from the letter of his instructions. I told him to consult with gentlemen in the district as to the best distribution of his force, and as to the best means of preventing an obstruction of the polls by badly-disposed men. This he did, and, as will be seen by his report, he caused the oath of allegiance to be administered at two of his precincts. He assures me that at one precinct the deputy marshal sent by Major General Dix's authority caused the same oath to be administered to every voter.

Throughout Calvert County I found very warm receptions from Union men and others. At Prince Frederick alone was there any open attempt of violence directed towards Union men. The following persons were arrested: Honorable Augustus R. Sollers, Ex-M. C. He used the most violent and treasonable language, drew a large knife, and cut to the right and left. He was secured and brought in by Colonel Welch to Lower Marlborough, where he was taken so ill with gout that I could not bring him, but left him on his parole to report at Washington as soon as he is able to move. Mervin B. Hance, Walter Hellen, William D. Williams, and John Broome were arrested, charged with treasonable language and with carrying weapons. They also were brought to Lower Marlborough. I released them under oath of fealty and that they had not borne arms against our forces.

At Lower Marlborough Colonel Rodman made several arrests, but subsequently released the individuals. They had been disorderly while under the influence of strong drink.

At Saint Leonard's all went off very quietly without any arrest. (See report marked E.)*

Thursday morning all the detached forces were drawn, in and last night all were in this camp except the Forty-fifth Pennsylvania, which had one day's march more than the rest. This regiment is now here.

I must speak with special praise of the conduct of every colonel and of the commander of the cavalry. Our troops were new, the roads bad, without an experienced quartermaster or commissary. I think we have been particularly fortunate in the march. We were the hardest pushed to get forage, as there is scarcely any hay after crossing the Patuxent.

The different reports of the detached commanders are annexed, and

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

