
Numbers 4. - Captain Samuel S. Linton, Thirty-ninth Illinois Infantry, of skirmish near Bath, W. Va.

Numbers 5. - Captain James H. Hooker, Thirty-ninth Illinois Infantry, of skirmish at Sir John's Run, W. Va.

Numbers 6. - Brigadier General Benjamin F. Kelley, U. S. Army, of skirmish at Hanging Rock Pass, W. Va.

Numbers 7. - Colonel Samuel H. Dunning, Fifth Ohio Infantry, of skirmish at Hanging Rock Pass, W. Va.

Numbers 8. - Brigadier General Frederick W. Lander, U. S. Army, of affair at Bloomery Gap, W. Va.

Numbers 9. - Colonel J. Sencendiver, Virginia Militia of affair at Bloomery Gap, W. Va.

Numbers 1. Reports of Major General Thomas J. Jackson, C. S. Army, of operations from November 4, 1861, to February 21, 1862.*
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,Winchester, Va., February 21, 1862.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders from the War Department, I arrived here on November 4 last and assumed command of the Valley District. As Romney had but recently fallen into the hands of the enemy, and Federal forces were at various points north of the Potomac, and might at any time move upon Winchester by good roads from Romney, Williamsport, and Harper's Ferry, and the only forces in the field at my disposal consisted of parts of Generals Bogg's, Carson's, and Meem's brigades of militia, McDonald's cavalry, and Captain Henderson's mounted company, I at once issued an order calling out the remaining parts of the brigades above named. The call was responded to with a promptness that reflects credit upon the militia of the district.

Near the middle of November McLaughlin's battery and Colonel J. F. Preston's (now Brigadier General R. B. Garnett's) brigade, composed of the Second, Fourth, Fifth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Regiments Virginia Volunteers, arrived here.

Early in December Colonel William B. Taliaferro's brigade, consisting of the First Georgia, Third Arkansas, Twenty-third and Thirty-seventh Virginia Volunteers, of the Army of the Northwest, reached Winchester.

Near the close of December the last re-enforcements arrived here from the same army under Brigadier General W. W. Loring, consisting of the brigades of Colonel William Gilham and Brigadier General S. R. Anderson, with Shumaker's and Marye's batteries. The former of these two brigades comprised the Twenty-first, Forty-second, and Forty-eighth Regiments Virginia Volunteers, and the First Battalion Virginia Regulars, and Captain Marye's battery; the latter, the First, Seventh, and Fourteenth Tennessee Volunteers and Captain Shumaker's battery. The quartermaster's, commissary and medical departments, under their respective chiefs-Majors John A. Harman and W. J. Hawks, and Dr. Hunter H. McGuire, officers admirably qualified for their duties-were being rapidly organized for active service. Major D. Truehart, jr., chief of artillery was alike successful in the work assigned to him.

The governor of Virginia, alive to the importance of driving the enemy from the district not only sent 1,550 percussion muskets to replace the flint locks the in the hands of the militia, but also fur-

---------------

*See also "Correspondence, etc.," for this period, post.

---------------

