
nished a field battery of five pieces, with equipments and harness complete.

The Chesapeake and Ohio Canal having been repaired to such an extent as to render it boatable and of great service to the Federal Army at Washington, I determined, if practicable, to cut off western supplies by breaking Dam Numbers 5. For this purpose an expedition was undertaken in the early part of December, but, in consequence of the enemy's resistance and for want of adequate means, the object was not accomplished. A few days subsequently Captain R. T. Colston, Company E, Second Regiment Virginia Volunteers, who was well acquainted with the locality of the dam and its structure, volunteered to take charge of the working party to accomplish the desired object. As there was reason to believe that General Banks could soon concentrate a large force there, I moved, with Garnett's brigade, part of the cavalry under Lieutenant-Colonel Ashby, and part of Carson's brigade to the neighborhood of the dam. General Carson made a demonstration towards Falling Waters and Williamsport, while the remaining troops took such a positions as to support the working party.

The work was commenced on the night of December 17, and by the morning of the 21st a breach, supposed to be sufficiently large for the object in view, was effected. Though Federal re-enforcements of artillery and infantry were ordered up and opened their fire upon us, our loss was only 1 man killed.

On the 1st day of the present year Garnett's brigade, with McLaughlin's, Carpenter's and Waters' batteries, Loring's command, consisting of Anderson's, Gilham's and Taliaferro's brigades, Shumaker's and Marye's batteries, and Meem's command, moved from their various encampments near Winchester in the direction of Bath.

On the evening of the second day's march General Carson, with part of his brigade and parts of two companies of cavalry, under Captain Harper, joined the main body, thus swelling the command to about 8,500 in the aggregate.

On January 3 the march was resumed, and when within about 10 miles of Bath the militia, under Generals Carson and Meem, inclined to the left and crossed the Warm Springs Mountain for the purpose of attacking Bath from the west, while the main body, General Loring's command leading, continued to advance via the Frederick and Morgan turnpike. When nearly 3 miles from Bath we were met by a party of the enemy, consisting of probably 30 infantry and as many horse.

After some skirmishing the enemy were driven back, 8 of them being taken prisoners. Another of the party was captured on the following morning.

Our loss was 4 wounded, 1 lieutenant and 3 privates.

Darkness coming on the command encamped for the night. The militia on the west of the mountain also drove in the enemy's advance and encamped a few miles from the town.

The next morning (January 4) the march was resumed, General Loring still in front, and continued without further interruption until within a mile or two of the town, when General Loring, without sufficient cause, permitted the head of the column repeatedly to halt, and thus lost so much time as to make me apprehensive that unless I threw forward other troops I would have to remain out of Bath another night. Accordingly he was directed to order a regiment to advance on our left along the mountain which commanded the town. He directed Colonel Maney to execute the order, and it was undertaken with a patriotic enthusiasm which entitles the First Tennessee Regiment and its com-

