
this brigade as a reserve would enable it promptly to move towards any threatened point as circumstances might require, and I am well assured that had an order been issued for its march, even through the depth of winter and in any direction, it would have sustained its reputation, well earned during the past campaign; for, though it was not under fire during the recent expedition, yet the alacrity with which it responded to the call of duty and overcame obstacles showed that it was still animated by the same spirit that characterized it at Manassas. Thus far all had been accomplished that I could reasonably have expected.

On January 2 there was not, from the information I could gather, a single loyal man of Morgan County who could remain at home with safety. Within less than four days the enemy had been defeated, their baggage captured, and by teaching the Federal authorities a lesson that a town claiming allegiance to the United States lay under our guns, Shepherdstown protected, which had repeatedly before, though not since, been shelled; the railroad communication of Hancock with the west broken; all that portion of the country east of the Big Cacapon recovered; Romney and a large portion of Hampshire County evacuated by the enemy without the firing of a gun; the enemy had fled from the western part of Hardy; had been forced from the offensive to the defensive-under these circumstances, judge what must have been my astonishment at receiving from the Secretary of War the following dispatch:

Our news indicates that a movement is being made to cut off General Loring's command. Order him back to Winchester immediately.

I promptly complied with the order, but in doing so forwarded to the Secretary of War my conditional resignation. Up to that time God, who has so wonderfully blessed us during this war, had given great success to the efforts for protecting loyal citizens in their rights and recovering and holding territory in this district which had been overrun by the enemy. It is true that our success caused much exposure and suffering to the command. Several nights the troops had to bivouac, notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather, their tents not coming up on account of the bad condition of the roads, yet every command, except part of General Loring's, bore up under these hardships with the fortitude becoming patriotic soldiers.

Lieutenant Colonel J. T. L. Preston, assistant adjutant-general, rendered very valuable service, not only during the expedition, but preparatory to it..

Lieutenant Colonel William S. H. Baylor, inspector-general, in addition to his duties as a staff officer, gallantly led the cavalry charge at Bath.

Major John A. Harman, chief quartermaster, was, much to my regret, unable on account of a serious attack of sickness to accompany the expedition. His duties devolved successively upon Captain T. R. Sharp and Lieutenant Colonel M. G. Harman, both of whom discharged their duties faithfully and efficiently.

Dr. Hunter H. McGuire, medical director, and Major W. J. Hawks, chief commissary,were untiring in the zealous discharge of their respective duties.

Lieutenant Colonel S. M. Barton, acting chief engineer of this district, deserves special mention.

Major A. H. Jackson, assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant George G. Junkin, aide-de-camp; First A. S. Pendleton, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant J. M. Garnett, chief of ordnance, rendered valuable service..

General Loring's evacuation of Romney and returning to the vicinity of Winchester was the beginning of disasters. The enemy, who up to that time had been acting on the defensive, suddenly changed to the

