
FREDERICK, December 20, 1861-8.30 p.m.

All quiet on the line of the river at Harper's Ferry, and also at Williamsport and above. Slight skirmishing at Little Georgetown. No artillery to-day. Six guns concentrated at Williamsport; ample protection for the dams. Fifth Connecticut at Hancock. No news there from General Kelley. One prisoner taken last night. Two deserters from rebels are in custody; they report Jackson's force 15,000. Enemy appears to have withdrawn.

General Hamilton goes up to-morrow.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

General WILLIAMS.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,Frederick, Md., December 20, 1861.

SIR: I received to-night your dispatch of 5 p.m. and the several telegrams and reports* made since the enemy appeared on the river, and am very much gratified with all that has been done and the results thus far accomplished. So far as I know of events transpiring under your command, your course has entire approval. With reference to possible ulterior movements I have directed General Hamilton to visit Williamsport and other points on the river. He will consult with you, and, if necessary to his purpose, assume command while on the river. You will please aid him in his movements as far as in your power, and oblige, yours, very truly,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

Colonel S. H. LEONARD,

Commanding at Williamsport and Upper Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS BANKS' DIVISION,December 22, 1861.

SIR: Telegram from Colonel Leonard states as follows;

WILLIAMSPORT, 21ST.

Canal-boats running to-day both ways. Two guns were brought to Little Georgetown and some infantry appeared this morning. A few shots been exchanged. The Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania have moved to Dam 4. I hear no rebels have been there yet. From Falling Waters the rebels have moved up towards Dam 5, but a few pickets left there (F. W.). Captain Best has gone to Dam 5.

Respectfully submitted.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General R. B. MARCY.

Extract from "Record of Events" return of Banks' Division, Army of the Potomac, for December, 1861.

* * * * *

On the 18th, having received information that General Jackson threatened Walliamsport, the Fifth Connecticut Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Kingsbury commanding; the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Vol-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

