
in ordering a second retreat across the river. I have since learned this very move-going up the hill-proved a providential saving of our forces, as the enemy, had they not seen us taking those positions, would have followed and occupied the same, cutting the companies of the Thirty-ninth to pieces as they waded the river.

The Thirteenth Indiana loaded into the train which was standing on the railroad track and started for Great Cacapon. Sergt. L. Ripple, John Harvath, and myself, with the assistance of a few citizens, kept at work getting over the sick and company baggage till the rebel skirmishers came into Sir John's Run, which was after dusk. Sergeant Ripple then came to me and said," Captain, we will have to leave now; they are upon us." We loaded the things into the boat and pushed off, John Harvath having been taken prisoner. When we reached the Maryland shore we found all our regiment had gone to Hancock with Major Mann, except 12 men. I then said to them any company was stationed there to guard the railroad, and with their assistance would perform that duty still. The first move was to station a guard at the river to prevent their stealing the march on us, and then we moved our baggage to a safe place.

It was about 8 o'clock in the evening before the main body came into Sir John's Run. The guard then came to me and said they were breaking the ice. I went down to the water's edge and found, instead of breaking the ice, they were at work at the railroad track. We leveled our pieces and blazed away as though we had thousands of backing. They dropped their bars and picks, returned the fire with a volley which made the hill look like lightning-bugs, and rained the balls around us in showers. Our guards exchanged shots with them for several rounds, whereupon they left the railroad, which they did not venture to disturb again, being on the bank of the river in good range of our excellent guns. We then proceeded to stop the culvert under the canal to prevent their crossing with cavalry and select positions for our men, stationing them in the rifle-pits built of stone, so as to be ready for an attack in the morning.

As the day broke we, conscious of being few in numbers, rather withheld firing, but finally opened fire, keeping it up all day on every man that made their appearance, killing 8 of them and preventing their doing any damage to the railroad, losing but 1 man, John Harvath, who was taken prisoner.

All of the men acted nobly, especially Sergt. John L. Ripple, who staid with me on the other side helping over the sick till all had crossed, and securing everything of value to the company.

J. H. HOOKER,

Captain Company E, Thirty-ninth Regiment Illinois Volunteers.

Numbers 6. Report of Brigadier General Benjamin F. Kelley, U. S. Army, of skirmish at Hanging Rock Pass, West Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS,Cumberland, Md., January 17, 1862.

GENERAL: I herewith inclose you Colonel Dunning's report of the expedition to Blue's Gap on the 8th [7th] instant.

I am happy to say that the expedition was an entire success. The

