
prisoners were taken and 7 dead bodies were found on the field. Not one of my men were either killed or wounded.

I take pleasure in stating to you that our officers and men seemed to vie with each other in the promptness with which they obeyed orders, and all advanced with the bravery of veteran soldiers.

I desire to return my sincere thanks to Lieutenant C. W. Smith, acting adjutant Fifth Ohio, and Adjutant Green, of the Fourth Ohio, for the assistance rendered me on the occasion; also to Lieutenant William B. Kelley and Assistant Adjutant-General Hawkes, of General Kelley's staff, for the efficient manner in which they discharged their duties as volunteer aids in this enterprise.

Finding the mill and hotel in the gap were used for soldiers' quarters, I ordered them to be burned, which was done; but I am sorry to say that some straggling soldiers burned other unoccupied houses on their return march.

The force of the rebels was stated by negroes and citizens at from 800 to 1,000, but their papers show that rations were drawn for 1,800 men.

We marched to the gap, fought the battle, and returned to camp within 15 hours, bringing with us prisoners, cannon, and other captured articles.

Respectfully submitted.

S. H. DUNNING,

Colonel Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post of Romney.

Brigadier-General KELLEY.

Numbers 8. Report of Brigadier General Frederick W. Lander, U. S. Army, of affair at Bloomery Gap, West Virginia.

PAW PAW, February 14, 1862-8 p.m.

The railroad was opened to Hancock this morning. Telegraph the same. Had an important forced reconnaissance last night completed to-day. Broke up the rebel nest at Bloomery Gap. Ran down and caught 17 commissioned officers, among them colonels, lieutenant-colonels, captains, &amp;C. Will forward a descriptive list. Engaged them with 400 cavalry. Infantry not near enough to support, and enemy retiring. In all, 65 prisoners; killed 13. Lost 2 men and 6 horses at their first fire. Led the charge in person. It was a complete surprise. Colonel Carroll, commanding Fifth or Eighth Ohio, made a very daring and successful reconnaissance immediately afterwards to Unger's Store.

Major Frothingham is entitled to credit for building, under my direction, in 4 horses, in the dead of night, a complete bridge of wagons across the Great Cacapon, at an unfrequented road. Two columns of 2,000 men each marched 32, one column 43, miles since 4 p.m. yesterday, besides bridging the river. Papers taken and my own reconnaissance south prove the country clear and Jackson and Loring in Winchester. Made the move and occupied Bloomery Gap and Point's Mill east on belief by deserters that General Carson's brigade was there.

General Dunning has just arrived at New Creek from Moorefield, 40 miles south of Romney. Captured 225 beef cattle and broke up the guerrilla haunt there. Two of his men badly wounded. Killed several of the rebels.

