
I cannot close this report without again referring to the valuable and important services rendered by Master Harris, of the Island Belle, and Master Street, of the Dana. Both gentlemen exerted themselves to the utmost to render the expedition a complete success, and all that their vessels afforded, whether in men or arms, was cheerfully placed at my disposal. The bravery of Master Harris in boldly advancing as he did upon the rebel pickets cannot be too highly spoken of. Master Street personally supervised the embarkation and landing, and the orderly manner in which it was accomplished is chiefly due to him.

Of the officers and men of my regiment concerned I cannot speak in too high terms. Not the slightest trepidation was evinced by any, and all vied with each other in striving for the posts of danger. Had we met the enemy in force, the coolness and bravery of the little force with me would, I doubt not, have been still more manifest. I need not particularize the officers when all did so well. It might, however, be stated that to Captain A. Wilkinson, Company I, much of the credit of arranging the general plans of the expedition is due. Quartermaster O'Kell and Lieutenant Charles W. Squier accompanied me as aides, also Mr. John McMillan, master's mate of the Island Belle.

The successful expedition by so small a force, and upon so important a point, cannot fail to have inspired the enemy with fear for the large portion of unprotected coast along the Potomac, and will not fail, I think, to cause them to scatter their forces along the exposed points, and thus prevent them concentrating a large force at any one position..

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

CHARLES K. GRAHAM,

Colonel.

Brigadier General DANIEL E. SICKLES,

Headquarters Excelsior Brigade.

NOVEMBER 10, 1861.-Affair at Guyandotte, W. Va.

Report of Adjt. J. C. Wheeler, Ninth Virginia Infantry, U. S. Army.

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA,

Adjutant-General's Office, Wheeling, November 13, 1861.

The undersigned, adjutant of the Ninth Virginia Regiment, a new regiment just forming at Guyandotte, Va., would beg leave respectfully to report that on Sunday evening, the 10th instant, just after 7 o'clock the said regiment, consisting of only 150 men yet in camp, was completely surprised by 700 cavalry, under command of Jenkins, [Clarkson], the guerrilla chief, and cut to pieces and captured, with the loss also of about 30 horses, a small stock of Government stores, and 200 Enfield rifles. The dead and wounded on either side could not be clearly ascertained, but supposed to be 10 or 12 killed and 20 or 30 wounded. The enemy captured 70 prisoners and their loss in killed and wounded was equal to if not greater than ours. They left one of their captains dead on the street. His name was Hubbell, or a name similar in sound. Three other dead bodies were found in the street, and they were seen to throw several from the Suspension Bridge into the Guyandotte River, killed by our men while they were crossing the bridge; besides, a

