
I am much gratified with the spirit, zeal, and activity displayed by the troops. We were five hours at Pohick Church. The main body marched 22 miles, and the regiments which were pushed forward to the Occoquan about 30. All were back to their camps by 9 p.m.

Colonel Berry's regiment of General Sedgwick's brigade, with Captain Todd's company of Lincoln Cavalry, marched at 4 a.m. on the Old Fairfax road to hald at the Accotink, and push forward a reconnaissance as far as the Pohick. (Colonel Berry, I think, has mistaken Fairfax Station for either Springfield or Burke's Station; the latter is the more probable. On the second page of his report he says he took the road toward Pohick Church. He should have followed the Old Fairfax road as far as the Pohick.)

By taking the road towards Pohick Church his scouts came in sight of our troops in advance of the church, and mistook them for the enemy drilling. Our skirmishers saw them, and reported the rebel cavalry and infantry on that road. I advanced a force to meet them, but after sending forward no one could be discovered, and the troops were withdrawn.

Of the Lincoln Cavalry, Sergeant O'Brien is killed; Bugler Denton mortally wounded, since dead; Private Miller wounded, missing; Private Mitchell wounded, slightly; Captain Todd missing; Private Johnson missing, and 7 horses missing.

This loss was sustained from the negligence of the officers of this cavalry in permitting their men to straggle in the presence of the enemy and to plunder.

The rebels evidently occupy several points on the railroad in force; have a cavalry station at or near Elzey's and Sangster's Cross-Roads, and a force at Wolf Run Shoals.

I was accompanied and assisted by Captain Moses and Lieutenant Hunt of my staff, and Lieutenant-Colonel Schickfuss and Captain Otto, of the Lincoln Cavalry.

The reports of the different commanders are inclosed.

I have the honor to be, general, your very obedient servant,

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Israel B. Richardson, U. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS RICHARDSON'S BRIGADE,Camp near Fort Lyon, November 13, 1861.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in pursuance of your orders I left this camp at 3 o'clock a.m. yesterday, the 12th of November, with my brigade, consisting of the Second, Third, and Fifth Michigan Regiments, and the Thirty-seventh New York Regiment, for the purpose of advancing to Pohick Church, and of dislodging the enemy, who were reported to be at that place in force. The brigade was accompanied by two batteries of field artillery, commanded by Captain Thompson, U. S. Army; also a squadron of the Lincoln Cavalry.

