
return in the evening, and upon your make your report to these headquarters. You will be accompanied or followed by a company of the Lincoln Cavalry.

By order of Brigadier-General Sedgwick:

WM. D. SEDGWICK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Colonel BERRY, Fourth Maine.

Numbers 7. Report of Captain Henry B. Todd, First New York Cavalry.

RICHMOND, VA., November 21, 1861.

DEAR SIR: Noticing in a Richmond paper of this date an extract from a Washington paper, in which the reconnaissance made by the troops under your command of November 12 is mentioned, and feeling that injustice is done me in said report, I wish to state to you the facts, so that I may be exonerated from blame or want of proper caution. I with my company of cavalry accompanied Colonel Berry's command. After crossing Accotink Run, at Colonel Berry's request I threw out my company as vedettes, 100 feet apart, in advance of infantry. I soon joined the advanced vedettes, and proceeded cautiously until we came in sight of a body of cavalry and infantry about 1 mile in advance and a little on our left. I then halted my men, who were hid from observation by some woods, and ordered them to remain as they were, under a lieutenant, until I communicated with Colonel Berry. I proceeded immediately to him and reported, when we both started to make a more thorough reconnaissance, but before reaching the spot where I had left my advance we met the lieutenant and men galloping in, and saying that the skirmishers of the enemy were close upon them, but had not yet seen them. Colonel Berry then showed me his written instructions, and I coincided with him that we should fully carry them out by retiring, which we immediately did, across Accotink Run, where we rested. When forming to start for camp I found 7 of my men absent (my advanced vedettes), who had not received notice to come in from the lieutenant. Humanity forbade me to go and leave them, and with Colonel Berry's consent I returned for them, and in returning with them we were fired on from an ambush nearer camp than the place from which I parted with Colonel Berry. I earnestly request you will consult Colonel Berry, and I am confident he will confirm my statement as far as it relates to him. My men had not straggled at all, and were perfectly obedient to orders. Please to do me justice in this matter, and my imprisonment, &amp;c., will be much lightened. Sergeant O'Brien is nod dead, but a prisoner, as are also Privates Miller, Johnson, and Trowbridge.

With great respect, I am, sir, your obedient servant,

HENRY B. TODD,

Captain Company B, Lincoln Cavalry.

General HEINTZELMAN.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,Fort Lyon, December 9, 1861.

I have seen Colonel Berry, Fourth Maine Regiment. On the return of the troops to the Accotink 7 of the cavalry were absent. Captain

