
Todd then started to bring them in; after waiting more than an hour 3 of the missing men came in, 1 mortally wounded, and all with plunder on their horses. All the evidence goes to show that these men were fired upon by the persons whom they had plundered, as the country had been thoroughly examined and no enemy seen. The 4 men taken prisoners make up the 7 that were missing.

Respectfully forwarded.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Numbers 8. Report of Lieutenant John Ennis, First New York Cavalry.

CAMP SCHICKFUSS, VA., November 13, 1861.

Yesterday a reconnaissance was made in the vicinity of Occoquan Creek. Captain Todd's company (B), of the Second Division, Lincoln Cavalry, was detached to accompany Colonel Berry, of the Fourth Regiment Maine Volunteers, being under instructions from General Heintzelman's command, the extent of which only was to ascertain the proximity and position of the Confederate forces, to avoid a collision with them if possible and yet not allow themselves to be cut off. Then troops formed early in the morning, and proceeded in the direction of the creek and Burke's Station, the infantry at the same time making vigilant skirmish the whole way. On reaching the creek the column halted to reconnoiter, and having satisfied themselves of the absence of rebels, crossed the creek and marched 3 miles, when Captain Todd obtained permission to lead with a detachment from his company of 14 men to skirmish, leaving the remainder in command of First Lieutenant Ennis, who followed up with his men in single file, each at some distance apart, the infantry meanwhile skirmishing through the woods.

On attaining an open space at what appeared to be the extremity of the woods the column was signaled to halt, in consequence of a body of cavalry being seen on the adjacent fields and about a mile and a half from us. These appeared to number about 400 men. Captain Todd, having taken as much observation as was necessary to know their being rebels, hastened to report to the colonel commanding, leaving his detachment there to watch their movements, Lieutenant Ennis taking his place at the head of the company in the absence of the captain while reporting. On going forward he met the guide, reporting to have seen 24 infantrymen crossing the fields below, they evidently moving in a direction to cut our troops, and having assured himself on observation such to be the case, hastened to consult the colonel and Captain Todd, when it was decided to retreat to the creek, then make a stand. The captain meanwhile left his detachment on their guard until further orders, while the remainder of his company retreated with the infantry to the creek, when they halted, reconnoitered a while, until it was satisfactory that there were no rebels this side in that neighborhood, and therefore the column was ordered to march home. Captain Todd in the mean time having sent a man to relieve those left behind, but neither of them returning, repaired thither himself. The colonel commanding, finding that the captain and his men had not returned, halted to await him for an hour and a half, placing the cavalry on the several turns of the road so as to communicate in case the enemy should

