
requesting that a tug might be dispatched to her relief; but the schooner was removed before the dispatch could have been delivered.

In view of Liverpool Point becoming the landing point of my supplies, I have given directions for some scows lying at Maryland Point to be seized, and have requested the commanding officer of the Second Division of the flotilla to have them taken in tow and delivered to my pickets at Liverpool Point. I have experienced some difficulty and more delay in discharging freight, from my omission to take this precaution in Mattawoman Creek. I request that six wagons may be sent to Lieutenant-Colonel Getty for the use of his three batteries. It is impossible for the teams now with him to haul his forage and provisions. I also request that a box of signal rockets may be forwarded for the pickets at Sandy Point, that I may, in case the Page should attempt to escape at night, convey the information to the flotilla below.

The enemy appear to be increasing in numbers immediately in my front. It may be the affair of the schooner caused more of them to show themselves.

The weather is unfavorable for the ascension of the balloon. It is now in the vicinity of the Posey house.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Brigadier General S, WILLIAMS,

Adjutant-General Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George D. Wells, First Massachusetts Infantry.
HDQRS. FIRST REG'T MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,Camp Hooker, Maryland, November 14, 1861.

SIR: This morning, at 8 o'clock, three guns opened from the other shore, about a mile above Shipping Point, on a schooner lying off Stump Neck, apparently becalmed or at anchor. At his own sugugestion,, Lieutenant Candler, with 2 men, was sent by me to ascertain the result of the firing and the position of the batteries. He found the schooner, deserted by her crew, at anchor within full range of the batteries and without any protection against capture from the other shore. She had been hit three times, but was not damaged. He sent a report of these facts to me, and I directed Lieutenant Roberts, of Company H, to cross the creek with 20 men and proceed by land for her protection. He had hardly embarked when word was brought from the lookout on the hill that a small boat with 12 men had left the opposite shore and a large barge full of men was preparing to start. Uncertain by which route she could be reached first, I sent Captain Smith, with Company B, over the neck, and Captain Baldwin, with Company E, and Captain Wild, with a part of Company A, with directions to cross the creek and then divide, one to land at the point and hurry to the vessel, the other to go around the point by water. I also notified Colonel Getty, who immediately dispatched two 10-pounder Parrotts to the scene. The small boat reached the schooner, boarded her, set fire to her, and left. Lieutenant Roberts came up and met Lieutenant Candler just as the enemy were boarding.

They were soon joined by Captain Baldwin and Captain Adams with

