
opposite shore by the time of our arrival. The fire was soon extinguished by members of a Massachusetts regiment, and the vessel towed into the creek. We came into battery at once, and opened fire. The first shot aimed at the boat struck the water near her. It was a line shot, but owing to the mist and rain that began to fall I could not tell with certainty on which side of her it fell; I thought the near, others who were present the farther side. The next shot aimed at the rebel battery struck in the ground in their midst. They were seen to run in opposite directions, and the battery which had been firing up to this time ceased firing at once, and was not again heard from Other shot were fired at a house near the battery, but their effect could not be ascertained, the increasing rain rendering the opposite shore indistinct. It is my opinion that the last, like the first, went directly to the point intended.

It was calculated that the rebels fired over a hundred shots at the schooner above referred to, two or three only striking her, and those doing little or no damage. The projectiles used by them were cylindrical, with ovoidal points covered with soft metal, and were thrown from rifled guns. One of the two kinds of projectiles weighed about twelve or fifteen pounds, the other about six, and were used in guns with eight grooves. No injury was done by their firing, which was far from bein accurate.

It is my opinion that the rebels have no permanent works at the place where their guns were located while firing at the vessel. In fact, an officer observing them with a glass says he distinctly saw them limber up their pieces and retire after the fall of our shot among them. We saw no signs of works of any kind near them.

The guns used by us were the 10-pounder Parrott.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

ADELBERT AMES,

First Lieutenant, Fifth Artillery, Commanding Battery A.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE W. GETTY,

Commanding Artillery Division.

NOVEMBER 14-22, 1861.-Expedition through Accomac and Northampton Counties, Virginia.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.-Instructions to Brigadier General Henry H. Lockwood, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Reports of Major General John A. Dix, U. S. Army.

Numbers 3.-Reports of Brigadier General Henry H. Lockwood, U. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Instructions to Brigadier General Henry H. Lockwood, U. S. Army.

BALTIMORE, November 11, 1861.

GENERAL: You will proceed with the forces under your command into the counties of Accomac and Northampton, Virginia, and carry out the assurances given in the proclamation to be issued by me on the 13th instant. One of the objects in view, though not stated in the proclamation, is to bring these counties back to their allegiance to the United States and reunite them to the Union on the footing of West Virginia. The first step in the accomplishment of this object is to disarm and disperse the military corps encamped within them. If these corps are in

