
about 1,000 men under arms in the different encampments in Accomac and Northampton, and from 1,500 to 2,000 militia, which they may call out. In the former county there are many Union men; in the latter very few. The camps can be easily broken up, and by judicious management with little if any bloodshed. The information sent to me by General McClellan through Captain Allen will be very useful. It accords with all I have gathered and gives many valuable details which I had not. The people are (if what Governor Wise is reported to have said of them be true) as a general rule very ignorant, and are under the grossest misapprehensions in regard to the intentions of the Government. They think if we go among them it will be to steal and emancipate their negroes. When these apprehensions are corrected the reaction in our favor must be very great. It has occurred to me that we might avail ourselves of this feeling and other influences to effect a political as well as a military revolution in this part of Virginia, which was Governor Wise's Congressional district. Trade is almost entirely cut off with Baltimore, on which the people have always a depended for supplies. They have an unusually abundant crop of oats, which can be purchased at 20 cents a bushel, besides other agricultural products. The reopening of trade with Maryland and the expenditure of some money for the purchases of forage, which we need, might, with a correction of prevailing errors in regard to our intentions, change the whole political character of this district and give us loyal member of Congress, placing it on the footing of Western Virginia. I am not yet at all acquainted with he personnel of this district, and in order to effect such a revolution there must be one or two strong and fearless men to lead off.

The population of these two counties is curiously mixed. There are 13,659 slaves, and 7,290 free colored; or 13,659 whites and 12,759 blacks; total, 26,418. The proportion in which these elements combine is favorable to the object in view. The importance of controlling this district of country,a nd of changing its political character if possible, arises from its locality and its geographical relation to the Eastern Shore of Maryland and the State of Delaware. As long as it is in the hands of a disloyal population, it will be a medium of illicit trade and correspondence with the Confederate Government and Army in Virginia, and contribute to disturb and demoralize the adjoining counties in Maryland.

In order to overawe opposition, I propose to send a force of 3,500 men. The troops sent from here on Monday and General Lockwood's command will amount to about that number. If I find the latter too raw, I can send 500 of the Zouave Regiment from Federal Hill and an equal number from some other regiment here, so as to have a well-trained force of 2,500 men with the expedition. They can be spared for ten days or a fortnight, and as they have been in camp several months, a little service in the field will be useful to them.

Another very important public object to be accomplished by the expedition is to re-establish the light on Cape Charles, the extinction of which has been very disastrous to the commercial community.

It was General Lockwood's intention to put his command at Snow Hill for the winter. I think that it would be better that it should winter at Drummondtown and Eastville, if the expedition is successful.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General R. B. MARCY, Chief of Staff.

