
of my command. The detachments of 500 men from four of my regiments are each organized into six companies, and two are commanded by their colonels, who are regular officers, Amory and Warren. No effort has been spared to make the movement effective.

I am, dear General, truly, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

Major-General McCLELLAN.
HEADQUARTERS,Baltimore, November 18, 1861.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose copies of a dispatch from Brigadier General H. H. Lockwood, in command of the expedition to the Eastern Shore, and of a letter to him from Captain Knight, his assistant adjutant-general, communicating the gratifying intelligence that the rebel organizations nearest to the Virginia line in Accomac are broken up [Numbers 3]. They may rally in Northampton, but I hope not. No effort will be spared to bring those counties back into the Union without bloodshed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN, Commanding the Army.

Numbers 3. Reports of Brigadier General Henry H. Lockwood, U. S. A.
HEADQUARTERS,Newtown, Md., November 16, 1861.

GENERAL: I this morning sent Captain Knight with a flag of truce to the headquarters of the rebel force below. I inclose his letter from Temperanceville, a place 10 miles below the line. From this you will see that the enemy has probably dispersed, certainly fallen back to Eastville. I am the more confirmed in the former opinion from the statement of a Mr. Dickinson, whom I sent down yesterday to distribute proclamations, and who returned an hour ago from the battery 4 miles below New Church. He is vouched for by Dr. McMartins, who also vouches for those in Virginia whom he gives as authority. He says that all agree in saying that the military has all dispersed and gone home, and that the general sentiment is to return to the Union. I deem the news of sufficient importance to justify the expense of an extra train. I have therefore requested Lieutenant Dix to go to Baltimore as bearer of this gratifying intelligence, which I have no doubt will make glad your heart, as it must that of every true patriot.

I shall send two regiments and the battery and cavalry as far as New Church to-morrow at an early hour. I would move down at once with the whole command if the wagons had arrived. New Church is 8 or 10 miles below. If Captain Knight's news is confirmed, on his return I will move them as far as Drummondtown. I am decidedly of the opinion that this dispersion of the enemy should not deter or prevent us from marching our whole force through the territory as far as Eastville.

28 R R-VOL V

