
I, however, await your orders in this respect. Troops may be sent to Baltimore more conveniently from Drummondtown than from this place.

I am, general, very truly, your obedient servant,

HENRY H. LOCKWOOD,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General DIX,

Commanding Department of Pennsylvania, Baltimore, Md.

[Inclosure.]

TEMPERANCEVILLE, VA., November 16, 1861.

GENERAL: We have thus far had a triumphant welcome and uninterrupted march. Having passed our pickets and gone about 1 1/2 miles, I came to the place (Beaver Dam Bridge) where the enemy's pickets had been stationed for the past two or three weeks; so the owner of the farm on which their principal outpost was stationed [informed me]. There we saw the foot-prints of a great many horses, being the cavalry of Virginians, as I learned afterwards, but we met none of their forces. I inquired of a farmer who lived on the farm above mentioned what had become of their pickets, and he told me they had all fallen back last night some time in the night. We went on with our white flag flying, and soon we were stopped short by felled trees in the road. We then took a road through the woods, and going by that, guided by the farmer above referred to for about 10 miles, we again struck the main road, and galloped along without meeting with any of their forces until we came to New Church, where we met several men and boys, who told us that the forces had all fallen back, but they knew not when, and could not tell me where I could find Colonel Smith. I moved on about a mile, and their large breastwork presented itself a quarter of a mile ahead, on a slight elevation we were on, and found that it was intended to mount three guns. The breastwork, if it had been thrown up all around, would have been pentagonal. As it was, it gave three sides of a pentagon, and looking north. We inquired there where the forces were, but none knew. All said that they went away some time in the night, but did not know where. We went on and soon began to meet horsemen, whom we halted, and inquired for Colonel Smith. They told us they had been in the cavalry force of the Confederates, but last night they were all disbanded, and were returning to their homes. I commended the act. After asking them many questions about their forces, arms, &amp;c., they told me that about 3,500 of them were disbanded last night. A inquired for their cannon, but could get no clew to their whereabouts.

I went on, and met numbers of horsemen and footmen with and without arms. Many took to the woods and others threw away their arms, while others moved on with them. The militia cavalry had shot-guns, and I learned most had swords, old sabers, and pistols. I met one boy with a flint-lock rifle and a Confederate uniform. He acknowledged to have been in the Confederate service, but that last night they all dispersed. I could see them running in every direction, hiding their arms, &c. I took the liberty when I got to this place to distribute some of those proclamations, as I found that Colonel Smith was at Eastville.

The people here all-and I have seen many-express entire satisfaction at the proclamation of General Dix, and have concluded to submit. I shall go on to Drummondtown, the headquarters of the Confederates, immediately, and inquire for Colonel Smith. If I fail to find him

