
there, I shall get all the information I can and return in haste. I do not want this to be considered a report.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. KNIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Brigadier-General LOCKWOOD.

Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS PENINSULAR BRIGADE,

Drummondtown, Va., November 22, 1861.

GENERAL: I beg leave to inform you that the major portion of this command is now in camp at this place, and that an advance party, consisting of the Fifth New York, Twenty-first Indiana, one section of Nims' battery, and 70 troops of horse, are now well on their way to Eastville. Purnell's Legion was left at Oak Hall, 20 miles north of this. Early next week I purpose joining the advance party at Eastville, with the remainder of my forces, the Legion and Second Delaware excepted.

Finding the landing on the Chesconnessex and the access to the same extremely bad, I have caused all the vessels containing commissary and quartermaster's stores to be brought around to the head of the Onancock, which is 4 or 5 miles from this place. I shall establish a coal depot on the Pungoteague, which is more accessible than any other inlet on the coast, the Cherrystone, perhaps, excepted.

I have ascertained that an inlet from the Atlantic side will bring vessels of 15 feet within 2 or 3 miles of this place. If this be as I am informed it is, the stores for winter supplies of our troops should come by sea from New York, rather than from Baltimore.

I am happy to inform you that I have succeeded in securing and bringing to this place seven 6-pounder iron guns, mounted, together with their limbers and a small supply of ammunition. They are now in park opposite my headquarters. This artillery is entirely new, and of its kind may be regarded as first class. Two iron guns, without carriages, were taken near Oak Hall, as I informed you in a previous letter. I have likewise secured a limited number of small-arms, which are, however, of little value. I have secured the persons of two captains and one lieutenant of the Confederate Army, and am using active efforts to find Smith, Winder, Finney, and other leading spirits of the late rebel forces on this peninsula. I take it for granted that these will be sent to Fort McHenry, but as they claim benefit of your proclamation I have thought best to consult you before doing so. Please advise me in this regard at your earliest convenience.

I am happy to inform you that the discipline of the troops now here, under the rigid system of police established by me, is now good. None of those disorders which marked their first entrance into Virginia, and which both annoyed and surprised me, have occurred.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY H. LOCKWOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major-General DIX,

Commanding Department of Pennsylvania.

