
respectfully beg that all the advantages in the power of the Government may be speedily given them, that this once-deluded people may be again happy under our beneficent Government. On Monday's meeting of the citizens is to be held to advise together in regard to the means of restoration of civil authority. I hope you will give them the advantage of your better judgment and large experience.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY H. LOCKWOOD,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General DIX, Commanding, Baltimore, Md.

NOVEMBER 16, 1861.-Capture of Union foraging party at Doolan's Farm, Virginia.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General James S. Wadsworth, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Timothy Sullivan, Twenty-fourth New York Infantry.

Numbers 3.-Captain John Murray, Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.

Numbers 4.-General Joseph E. Johnston, C. S. Army.

Numbers 5.-Major William T. Martin, Second Mississippi Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General James. S. Wadsworth, U. S. Army.

UPTON'S, November 16, 1861.

You will have heard that a company of the enemy's cavalry captured a captain, lieutenant, and 35 privates of the Thirtieth, and five teams loaded with corn. It was the result of gross carelessness on the part of our men. This party was sent out contrary to my advice and without my knowledge.

JAS. S. WADSWORTH.

General McCLELLAN.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Timothy Sullivan, Twenty-fourth New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS GENERAL KEYES' BRIGADE,Upton's Hill, Va., November 16, 1861.

It has just been reported that a foraging party sent out from this brigade this morning has been cut off. The facts are as follows: This morning about 7 o'clock a train of six wagons, with teamsters and 18 extra men for loading wagons, under an escort of 50 men and 1 lieutenant, commanded by Captain Laning, of Company B, all of the Thirtieth Regiment New York Volunteers, proceeded to the front towards and past Birch's house, taking the road leading to the southwest from a point between Taylor's Corner and Falls Church. Passing Birch's house about amile and a half the party arrived at Doolan's farm and commenced loading wagons. A guard of outposts and scouts were posted round and through the woods, but the main road appears to

