
say that they acted as the First Cavalry always have done, obeyed orders, coolly riding up and shooting the deluded men with their pistols, regard only being paid to carrying out instructions and not to their own lives..

The enemy were a portion of the Fourteenth New York State Militia of Brooklyn, and fought with much more bravery than the Federal troops usually exhibit. It is the same regiment that so thickly dotted the field of Manassas upon the 21st with red.

When the action ceased it was so late in the day I deemed it inexpedient to carry out the object first in view, encumbered as I was with prisoners and wounded men, and returned slowly to camp. The fight took place a little over a mile this side of Falls Church, upon the road leading to Fairfax Court-House.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FITZ. LEE,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Virginia Cavalry, Commanding.

Captain L. S. BRIEN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Camp Qui Vive, November 20, 1861.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the commanding general Army of the Potomac. This gallant and successful affair of Lieutenant-Colonel Lee and his detachment of First Virginia Cavalry against the enemy's best troops in chosen position receives my unqualified praise and commendation.* The loss of the gallant Chichester is a severe one to me, as his service were invaluable.

J. E. B. STUART,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NOVEMBER 26, 1861-Skirmish near Vienna, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Captain Charles A. Bell, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Robert Ransom, jr., First North Carolina Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Captain Charles A. Bell, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HDQRS. COMPANY F, THIRD PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,Camp Marcy, November 26, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to submit to you the following report in full detail of the tour made by Companies F and M (strength 4 officers and 109 enlisted men; taking out 15 men, orderlies and pickets, left 94) of the above regiment, composing the squadron under my command, together with the incidents and occurrences of the day:

After having received your orders and left Camp Marcy this morning at or near 9 o'clock. I proceeded with my command to General Porter's headquarters to report and received further orders. I saw General Porter, and he gave me orders to the effect that I would march via Vienna

---------------

*See report Numbers 4, under "Capture of Union foraging party," &amp;c., November 16, p. 439.

---------------

