
co-operate with us, did not come up, owing, I believe, to the impossibleness of the blockade in the dark, and were several hundred yards to our left.

Soon after the dawn of day the scouts reported the approach of the enemy in strong force on the extreme right. Determining to feel the enemy with a view to test his strength and temper, I immediately advanced the battalion to meet him, and approached within 150 yards of where he was forming in line of battle a force at least ten times as numerous as mine. I sent a messenger to hurry up the Thirty-first, which was then not in sight, and then ordered the battalion to fire and fall back to meet the Thirty-first. The fire was delivered with coolness, and it is thought with considerable effect. Upon us falling back the enemy poured a volley of Minie balls, which, however, flew harmlessly over our heads.

Meeting the gallant Thirty-first advancing in fine spirits, my men rallied and returned vigorously to the charge. Their advance was retarded, not hindered, by the logs and brush of the blockade. The fight here was almost hand to hand, the roar of musketry was incessant and deafening, but above the roar rang the shouts of officers and men. It must be admitted that not much order was observed. The men fought on their own hook, each loading and firing as fast as possible. The Thirty-first and my battalion were mingled almost indiscriminately. No praise applied to the conduct of officers or men here engaged in battle can be justly deemed excessive. Where all behaved so well it may appear invidious to name any, but I cannot forbear to mention that the calm, the ardent courage and soldierly demeanor of Adjt. C. S. Morgan and the dauntless conduct of the noble Captain William H. Mollohan commanded the applause of every beholder. Lieutenants Robinson and Haymond, Sergeants Jarvis and Roder, and Privates Collins, Musgrave, Green, and scores of others deserve honorable mention.

Of my own personal knowledge I can say but little more, for here in this first charge, whilst descending from a log on which I had been standing for a moment urging the men forward to the charge, I was prostrated by a pistol ball, which entered my right thigh. In this condition I was borne off the field. The enemy was then recoiling before our fire. Their final discomfiture and retreat, after various vicissitudes, are known to you. Victory has once more been awarded to the defenders of the right, but we have to mourn many casualties. That gallant patriot and soldier Captain Mollohan sealed his devotion to the cause with his life's blood. Lieutenant Haymond was severely wounded. Our entire loss as 4 killed, 13 wounded [1 mortally and several severely], and 5 missing.

Respectfully,

G. W. HANSBROUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Battalion.

Colonel EDWARD JOHNSON,.

Commanding, &amp;c.

No. 8. Report of Major A. G. Reger, Twenty-fifth Virginia Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIFTH VIRGINIA REGIMENT, Camp Alleghany, December 16, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that on the morning of the 13th instant orders came to me that the enemy were approaching in

