
force on the Greenbrier road, and to report the men under my command at once to you at the blacksmith shop, near the forks of the road, which was done in the shortest possible time, and after remaining there some time we were ordered to proceed down the Greenbrier road, which was done in good order in double-quick time. When some 200 yards down the road we were ordered up the hill by the right flank through a thick blockade. The hill being very steep and difficult to ascend, the men became very much scattered. When near the top of the hill I received directions as coming from you to occupy the point of the hill on the south side of the turnpike road, as the enemy were reported advancing up the turnpike, which I did with a portion of the men, whilst a portion of the Augusta Lee Rifles, under command of Captain R. D. Lilley; a portion of the Rockbridge Guards, under command of Lieutenant J. J. Whitmore; a portion of the Franklin Guards, under command of Sergt. E. W. Boggs, and a portion of the Upshur Greys, numbering in all about 60 men, went to the support of our forces on the right flank, out of which number 1 was killed and 11 wounded-none supposed to be very dangerous.

The officers and men who went to the right flank are reported to have acted bravely. Dr. Thomas Opie, assistant surgeon of my regiment, has been unremitting in his care and attention to our wounded soldiers, not only of this regiment, but in Colonel Hansbrough's battalion and others.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. REGER,

Major, Commanding Twenty-fifth Regiment Virginia Volunteers.

Colonel EDWARD JOHNSON,

Commanding Forces on the Summit of Alleghany.

No. 9. Report of Lieutenant C. E. Dabney, C. S. Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CAMP, Alleghany Summit, December 15, 1861.

SIR: I beg leave to report that on the morning of the 13th instant I caused my command to turn out immediately I received intelligence of the enemy's having driven in our pickets and held it in readiness for orders.

After remaining in this position for nearly two hours the enemy suddenly appeared on the crust of the hill on which the Thirty-first Virginia Regiment was encamped, and commenced a rapid fire of musketry. My position was in full range and my men very much exposed to the fire. I immediately road to headquarters to get orders, but found Colonel Johnson absent, and was unable to ascertain in what part of the field he was. Under these circumstances I considered it my duty to carry my command where it could render some service, and would not be compelled to stand exposed to a heavy fire from the enemy without a chance of returning it. I accordingly marched it up to the entrenchments on the hill to the left of the turnpike, and made the men dismount and stand to their horses.

After the lapse of some time the enemy appeared in force on our left flank and commenced a heavy fire, which raked the hill. Not being

