
opened more or less fire on us from small rifled guns in position on the Maryland shore.

On Sunday last 2 men were severely wounded by a shell, and to-day 2 more were slightly wounded. Eighty-three shells were thrown at the battery to-day. Under this fire teams cannot safely cross the plain to the batteries, and much labor has to be done at night. We could easily silence their fire, but have not ammunition to spare. A battery of light rifled pieces could be advantageously used in replying to them, if necessary. One change of a heavy gun would make ten or twelve for the latter, and spare powder to a great extent. I am nearly destitute of transportation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. FRENCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.

DECEMBER 15-21, 1861.-Expedition to Meadow Bluff, West Virginia.

Extract from "Record of Events," return of the Department of Western Virginia, for the month of December, 1861.

On the 15th, Colonel George Crook, Thirty-sixth Ohio, detached Major E. B. Andrews, same regiment, who, with 150 men, proceeded by the Wilderness road to Meadow Bluff; found the rebel encampment there deserted; burned 110 well-built log huts, some tents, &amp;c.; captured two noted guerrillas, 21 rifles and guns, and 21 mules and horses, 95 cattle, and 200 sheep, and returned on the 21st, having had a brush with some rebel cavalry, which fled, in which 2 of our privates were wounded. Major Andrews deserves credit for the conduct of the expedition and the map of the route.

DECEMBER 18, 1861.-Reconnaissance to Pohick Church, Virginia.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Colonel Amor A. McKnight, One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Infantry.

No. 2.-Captain John P. Fowler, First New Jersey Cavalry.

No. 1. Report of Colonel Amor A. McKnight, One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTH PA. VOLS, Camp Jameson, Va., December 19, 1861.

SIR: In obedience to your orders I left this camp at 9 p.m. of the 18th instant with a force consisting of the regiment under my command, a squadron of the New Jersey Cavalry, under Captain Jones, and two sections of artillery, under Lieutenant Monroe, New Jersey Volunteers, and arrived at Potter's house within half a mile of the extreme outposts of our pickets on the right near 11.30 p.m. I found that the pickets

