
had been undisturbed, and immediately proceeded to distribute my force as would best support the pickets and preserve the force itself, should we be attacked. No demonstrations was made by the enemy during the night. I left Potter's house for Pohick Church about three-quarters of an hour after daybreak, having been detained that long in developing a movement to capture some of the enemy, but which proved abortive.

We arrived at Pohick about 9 a.m.; was informed that the previous day the enemy had there a force of 200 cavalry, and also a regiment of infantry concealed in the woods to the west of the village. Remained at Pohick about two hours; sent a party down the Telegraph road and discovered, about a mile distant, a rebel picket 6 or 8 strong; fired at them and they fled, but did not pursue, as my instructions did not allow me to proceed beyond this point. Left Pohick Church between 11 and 12 am. and returned to camp at 3.30 p.m. Came by the village of Accotink, and was there informed that no rebel forces had been in the village for over a month.

Respectfully submitted.

A. A. McKNIGHT,

Colonel One hundred and fifth Regiment Pa. Vols.

General S. P. HEINTZELMAN.

DECEMBER 20, 1861-9 a.m.

I have at this moment learned from one of my command, who penetrated about a mile and a half beyond Pohick Church along the Colchester road, that he was informed by Mrs. Murray [a farmer's wife residing on the road] that about 10 o'clock a.m. of the 18th instant a force of the enemy numbering near 500 cavalry and a regiment of infantry had passed along the road towards Pohick Church, and that about 6 p.m. of the same day another force of the rebel cavalry, 200 strong, had passed forward in the same direction. She did not see the party return, and the information I have from other sources induces me to believe they went back on the Telegraph road. The advanced enemy's pickets on this road are stationed on a run [name unknown] a few rods west of Mr. Lee's house and about one and three-fourths miles from Pohick Church.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. A. McKNIGHT,

Colonel One hundred and fifth Regiment Pa. Vols.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION, Fort Lyon, December 20, 1861.

This expedition was conducted by Colonel McKnight with much judgment.

Respectfully forwarded.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

No. 2. Report of Captain John P. Fowler, First New Jersey Cavalry.

CAMP CUSTIS, VA., December 18, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report, according to instructions I left with my squadron this morning on a reconnaissance in the neighborhood of

