
the Bone Mill, but finding everything quiet in that direction I proceeded to unite my squadron in the neighborhood of Pohick Church [on my way thither meeting and dispersing some rebel infantry], where Lieutenant Sackett with my second company, consisting of 51 men, was in command, who on arriving there found a number of rebel vedettes, whom he succeeded in driving from their posts after the first fire. On following up their retreat the advance guard of the rebels was discovered. They immediately opened fire on us, but with no result. We returned fire and emptied 4 of their saddles. They retreated on their main body, and with little delay on their part they returned towards us with a large body both of infantry and cavalry and again fired on us. On again returning their fire we succeeded in emptying a few more saddles of their riders. Their large force coming up at this moment compelled us to retire some three-quarters of a mile, where we formed in line of battle. At this time I sent forward the advance guard of both companies, who again met the rebel guard. The rebels immediately turned and fled, we firing on them in their retreat. Their superior force compelled me to act cautiously, and I succeeded in bringing back in safety my entire squadron.

I have the honor, sir, to subscribe myself yours, very respectfully,

JOHN P. FOWLER,

Commanding Squadron.

Brigadier-General HEINTZELMAN,.

Commanding Division.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION, Fort Lyon, December 20, 1861.

This detachment of the New Jersey cavalry behaved very well in this attack upon them. The officer is, however, mistaken as to the injury done the enemy. He severely wounded 1 man and disabled 1 horse.

Respectfully forwarded.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DECEMBER 19, 1861.-Skirmish at Point of Rocks, Maryland.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Gabriel De Korponay, Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTY-EIGHTH REGIMENT PA. VOLS., Point of Rocks, Md., December 19, 1861.

GENERAL: At 10 o'clock this morning the rebels opened a battery of two pieces [guns, brass mounted] from a point near summit of Catoctin Mountain, opposite here, upon our encampment. They were supported with from 150 to 200 infantry. They threw about 20 fuse and percussion shells and solid shot into our midst with great precision in rapidly succeeding shots. The six companies of my command in camp were deployed in places of security, and the section of our battery stationed here opened upon the enemy from an elevation on the margin of the camp with great accuracy of aim. The first shot disabled one of their guns, and the succeeding ones fell so rapidity in their midst that they ceased firing in twenty minutes and retreated precipitately under our

