
Commonwealth as yourself and the troops engaged in that brilliant affair, I cannot refrain from expressing to you my admiration of the gallant conduct displayed by both officers and men in this their first contest with the enemy. Nearly all of your command upon that occasion are either my personal friends or sons of those with whom for long years I have been more or less intimately associated. I feel that I have just cause to be proud that, animated by no other motive than patriotism, they are among the first to revive the glory shed upon our country by the men of the Revolution and the soldiers of the war of 1812. It is one of the bright spots that give assurance of the success of coming events, and its effect must be to inspire confidence in the belief that hereafter, as heretofore, the cause of our country will triumph. I am especially gratified that a Pennsylvania artillery corps, commanded by officers who have necessarily had but limited systematic instruction, have won not only the commendation of their friends, but an unwilling compliment from the enemy for the wonderful rapidity and accuracy of their fire. I wish I could designate all the men who, nobly discharging their duty to the country, have added to the glory of our great Commonwealth. Other portions of the Army will be stimulated by their brave deeds, and men will be proud to say that at Dranesville they served under McCall and Ord.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,.

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 63. Washington, December 28, 1861.

The Commanding General express his thanks to Brigadier-General Ord and the brave troops of his brigade, who so gallantly repelled an attack of an equal force of the enemy on the 20th instant. The General takes pleasure in observing the readiness of the remaining troops of McCall's division, and the able dispositions of their commander to repel the enemy in case of the advance of re-enforcements.

The General would also acknowledge the distinguished services of Colonel McCalmont, Tenth Infantry Pennsylvania Volunteer Reserve Corps; Colonel Jackson, Ninth Infantry Pennsylvania Volunteer Reserve Corps: Lieutenant-Colonel Kane, Rifle Regiment Volunteer Reserve Corps; and Captain Easton, of Easton's battery, which contributed in a large degree to the success of the day.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 2. Report of Brigadier General E. O. C. Ord, U. S. Army.

CAMP PEIRPOINT, VA., December 21, 1861.

SIR: I have to report that, in obedience to the inclosed order, I at 6 a.m. yesterday started towards Dickey's and Henderson's about 3 miles this side of Dranesville, on the Leesburg pike, with my brigade, the First Rifles, Lieutenant-Colonel Kane; Easton's battery, and two squadrons of cavalry. I likewise heard that it was probable there was a respectable

