
place to mention the courage of Captain Ent during the brief period when you were good enough to place the Sixth under my command. I cannot consider it out of place, either, for me to bear my own testimony to the admirable conduct of Captain Easton and the brave artillerists with him, who served the guns of Battery A, from the regiment of the gallant Charles T. Campbell.

I inclose a copy of the report of Dr. S. D. Freeman, regimental surgeon, showing a list of 3 killed and 27 wounded.* I trust the lief of Captain Niles will be spared to his friends and his country. He led the flankers on the left yesterday, and though his tall figure made him a conspicuous mark for the enemy's rifles, he did not cease exposing himself to cheer on his men until he fell. This was but little before the enemy retired.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS L. KANE.

Brigadier General E. O. C. ORD.

No. 4. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William M. Penrose, Sixth Pennsylvania Reserve Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTH REGIMENT INFANTRY, PA. R. V. C., Camp Peirpoint, December 21, 1861.

SIR: I herewith transmit you list of the killed and wounded of my command at the battle of Dranesville yesterday, December 20.* The conduct of the troops under my command was all that could be desired, officers and men generally behaving with great coolness and bravery. I would particularly mention as deserving of much praise Lieutenant Bonawitz, of Company K, and Adjutant McKean, for their gallant and soldierly bearing; also Surgeon Bower, who was in the first fire of the enemy, and provided efficient means for bringing in the wounded, not only of our own but other regiments, and rendering them timely assistance.

Very respectfully,W. M. PENROSE,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Brigadier General E. O. C. ORD.

No. 5. Report of Colonel Conrad F. Jackson, Ninth Pennsylvania Reserve Infantry.

HDQRS. NINTH REG'T PENNSYLVANIA RESERVE CORPS, December 21, 1861.

SIR: In accordance with your order of this date, to make out an official report of the conduct of my command in the engagement at Dranesville, I would respectfully state that in obedience to orders I marched my regiment into the wood or copse, formed in line of battle, and advanced as directed, with difficulty restraining the men from

---------------

*See report No. 10, p.489.

---------------

