
may be turned. If the enemy get in our rear intelligence from us may be cut off; so you must look to your own expresses for intelligence from us. The enemy may attack here and at Huntersville. Should we be besieged, re-enforcements may be hurried out. You must keep yourself advised in this matter. I have sent for Scott and Goode to come up.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

WINCHESTER, VA., January 4, 1862.

General W. W. LORING,

Commanding Army of the Northwest:

GENERAL: I inclose you a letter from General Edward Johnson, which I received just as I was leaving Staunton. I immediately telegraphed General Cooper, advising that two regiments be sent up to re-enforce him, if it was possible to do so, as the enemy might get to his rear by the Huntersville road and cut off his supplies. I write by this express to General Jackson, inclosing a copy of General Johnson's letter, thinking you might not be near him.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. G. HARMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &c.

No. 3. Report of Brigadier General Edward Johnson, C. S. Army.

HEADQUARTERS MONTEREY LINE, Camp Alleghany, Va., January 4, 1862.

SIR: Intelligence has just been received that the enemy have entered Huntersville, and that the small force left there by General Loring, some 250 men, had fallen back towards Monterey. I have no authentic information as to the number of the enemy, but it is reported at from 4,000 to 5,000.

I received a communication a day or two since from the commanding officer at Huntersville, stating that he apprehended an attack from the direction of Elk Water. Since the withdrawal of troops from that line it has been at the mercy of the enemy. Colonel Goode, with his regiment, heretofore stationed at Forks of Waters, I ordered to Monterey; Colonel Scott, with his regiment, the Forty-fourth, is at Crab Bottom, some 6 miles from Monterey, in third direction. Both of these regiments are weak-together not exceeding 600 or 700 men. Here I have not in all 1,200 effective men. If it is intended to hold this line it is important that troops should be sent on the Huntersville line or to Monterey. The troops at Monterey, permanently stationed there, are some two or three companies of cavalry. I have sent scouts to ascertain the strength of the enemy at Huntersville. The stores there fell into the hands of the enemy. I got my intelligence from the commanding officer at Monterey, whose report I herewith transmit.

I have directed the commanding officer at Monterey to report directly

