
soldier if I did not say that I consider our success due chiefly to the example of daring set by Captain Wilson, and I shall not soon forget the manner in which Corporals Daley and Grier, of his company, led the assault, on Peck's house.

I may add that after Captain Wilson was shot, Lieutenant Morris, who succeeded to the company, rendered me valuable assistance.

I would also wish to thank Captain Robert D'Orleans, aide-de-camp to the Major-General Commanding the Army, for his coolness, assistance, and advice on this somewhat trying occasion.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

L. D. H. CURRIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Brigadier General W. F. SMITH, Commanding Division.

No. 2. Report of Major Joseph L. Moss, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Griffin, Va., February 8, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit for the consideration of the commanding general of the division the following report of the operations of the Cameron Dragoons on the 7th instant:

At 4 o'clock on the morning of the 7th the Cameron Dragoons left their camp in pursuance of Special Orders, No. 147, of that date, and proceeded as far as Freedom Hill, when our regiment was divided off in the following manner:

Captain Wilson, commanding Company F, and Captain J. O'Farrell, commanding Company I, forming one squadron, under the command of Captain Currie, assistant adjutant-general, proceeded on the road through Vienna towards Flint Hill for the purpose of driving in the enemy's pickets. When arriving there the squadron was divided, Captain Wilson's company being ordered to charge to the left and Captain O'Farrell to the right, for the purpose of getting in the rear of the enemy's pickets; but before they succeeded in doing this they were discovered by the pickets, who immediately fled in the direction of Germantown, hotly pursued by Captain Wilson's company to within 1 1/2 miles of the town. Not overtaking them they returned to Flint Hill, and, pursuant to orders, set fire to an old barn which has for a long time afforded the pickets protection, and then taking the road to the left, leading to Hunter's Mill, they soon discovered a portion of the enemy's reserve secreted in Mrs. Peck's house. The order was then immediately given by Captain Currie to charge upon the house and surround it, but when within 50 yards of it the enemy opened a brisk fire from within with Colt's repeating rifles as well as from the neighborhood hills and woods. Notwithstanding this the men boldly charged to the doors and windows of the house, Captain Wilson at their head (two in doing this received a serious and very painful wound from a rifle-ball, which entered the ear, glanced around the skull bone, and came out at the back of the head), dismounted, entered the house, killing 1 man and succeeded in capturing 4 prisoners (of the First North Carolina Cavalry), 3 horses, and 5

