
revolving rifles. A number of the company, with their prisoners, were then ordered to fall back to Freedom Hill.

In the mean time Captain J. O'Farrell, having discovered another portion of the reserve in an old log house, immediately charged upon and surrounded it, the enemy, as before, opening a brisk fire upon them from within, which lasted for several minutes. On reaching the house Captain J. O'Farrell with a few men immediately dismounted and captured 6 prisoners, with horse equipments and arms. The prisoners were then sent back to Freedom Hill under charge of a guard. In doing this Sergeant Moore, who acted through the whole affair in the most determined and courageous manner, received a fatal wound, which terminated his life at 10.30 in the evening.

Major Boleter, in command of the fifth squadron, was ordered to proceed to Vienna, with instructions that in case he heard firing to immediately advance in the direction of it. Upon hearing the firing he immediately started in the direction of Flint Hill, but when reaching this point the pickets had been driven in and the prisoners captured. He then with his command, together with the balance of Captain J. O'Farrell's company, proceeded on the road to the right, leading to Hunter's Mill, for the purpose of joining my command, which consisted of Companies D and C and H and a small detachment of Company A. This command left Freedom Hill simultaneously with that of Captain Currie and took the road to the right, leading directly to Hunter's Mill. Here we succeeded in driving back the enemy's pickets some 2 or 3 miles, but in consequence of the ruggedness of the country in this direction and the pickets having discovered us whilst approaching we did no succeed in capturing them. We then halted at Mrs. Brooks', pursuant to previous arrangements, until Major Boteler with his command had joined us; after which the whole command returned to Flint Hill, and from there started in the direction of Fairfax Court-House. When within a mile of this place pickets to the number of 15 or 20 again made their appearance about a half mile in our advance. Immediately upon seeing them I ordered Captain Brown with 10 or 15 men in one direction, and Lieutenant Cromelien with the same number of men in another, to capture them if possible. They pursued them to within a mile of Germantown, wounding 2 and capturing 3 of them, together with a valuable four-horse team, which was used for hauling forage to the rebel troops.

In the mean time I ordered Lieutenant Hart with 20 men to make a charge through Fairfax Court-House, having first reconnoitered to the right and left of the village and satisfied myself that there were put few, if any, troops there. I then advanced with the whole force into the village; remained there about half an hour, and took the road to the left, leading through Falls Church, thinking I might still get in the rear of their pickets; but they had all fled, leaving their fires burning, leading me to suppose they had left in hot haste for parts unknown.

The village of Fairfax appears to have been (with one or two exceptions) entirely deserted, and has a very dilapidated look. I did not think it expedient to have the houses searched, as the enemy could in a very short time get a strong force down the pike from the neighborhood of Centrecille. The enemy have dug 3 or 4 extensive rifle-pits to the right of the road leading from Flint Hill to the Court-House and immediately in front of the same.

I take much pleasure in expressing my general satisfaction at the good conduct of the officers, non-commissioned officers, and men during

