
FEBRUARY 8, 1862.-Skirmish at the mouth of the Blue Stone, West Virginia.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William E. Peters, Forty-fifth Virginia Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FORTY-FIFTH VIRGINIA REGIMENT,CAMP AT MOUTH OF BLUE STONE,

Mercer County, West Virginia, February 10, 1862.

DEAR SIR: As instructed by Colonel Jenifer, I took three companies of my regiment to the Jumping Branches day before yesterday (8th). I reached that point at 6 p.m. At 10 p.m. of the same date the cavalry pickets were driven in, stating that the enemy were advancing in some force. I sent out Lieutenant Samuels, of the Border Rangers, to ascertain the truthfulness of the alarm. He confirmed the report, and stated that they were advancing in superior force and with several pieces of artillery. Under the circumstances I concluded to fall back to this point, 5 miles distant from the Jumping Branches, a point that could not be defended against a superior force of any kind, and entirely indefensible against artillery when the opposing force had none. I fell back to this point and selected a point upon which to fight them should they advance. They did advance, attacked us with 450 men and three pieces of artillery (two portable howitzers and one 6-pounder rifle piece), and were signally repulsed. I selected such a position that they could not use their artillery against us with effect. I had not more than 225 men, cavalry included. I did not lose a man. How many of the enemy were killed I am not able to say. My men were in no condition to pursue them. They had worked the day and night before. I hope it may be in the power of the Government to send re-enforcements to this portion of the State. The people-a large number of them-are true, and ready to fight if assisted. There is not force enough here to meet the enemy at all of his approaches.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM E. PETERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Forty-fifth Virginia Regiment.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General C. S. Army.

FEBRUARY 22, 1862.-Expedition to Vienna and Flint Hill, Va.

Report of Colonel Max Friedman, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry .
HEADQUARTERS CAMERON DRAGOONS,Camp Griffin, Va., February 22, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in accordance with your orders I left camp at 3.30 o'clock this morning, and proceeded with the whole of my regiment, in company with the Forty-third New York Infantry (Colonel Vinton), as far as Vienna. We left said regiment at that place and proceeded to Flint Hill on double-quick time. I detailed the first squadron, commanded by Captain Rosenthal, as the advance to Flint Hill, at the same time having kept a close chain of communication with the main body (about 300 yards apart). On arriving at Flint Hill the advance took two of the enemy's pickets (mounted), one of whom we wounded, but not seriously. I then detailed the same squadron as the

