
advance on the road to the right, leading to Fox's Mill, I remaining a few moments at Flint Hill. Just about daylight I noticed some 40 of the enemy's cavalry forming on a field about half a mile to my right. I at once intended to charge upon them, but perceiving to my left some artillery of the enemy, I thought it prudent to desist, and left one squadron at Flint Hill to cover my rear and keep the chain of communication open with headquarters. I then followed with the balance of the regiment the advance, and on reaching Fox's Mill learned from a negro that about half a mile on the road in our advance, at one Jacob Fox's, there were some of the enemy's mounted pickets. We proceeded on double-quick time and reached them, and succeeded in capturing 5 of them, with horses, equipments, and arms; also two citizens, one by the name of Jacob Fox and one other in their company. From there we scoured the country to Hawkhurst's Mill and to Hunter's Mill, but no more of the enemy were to be seen. I have noticed on that road some picket fires, but deserted, and part of their breakfast had been left. At Hunter's Mill I met the Sixth Maine Regiment of Infantry (Colonel Burnham), as my reserve. We then took the Johnson's Hill road back to Freedom Hill, Colonel Burnham's infantry regiment following us in our rear. Before starting from Hunter's Mill I detailed an orderly to bring in the squadron left at Flint Hill.

I take great pleasure in informing you that the officers and men under my command behaved in a very soldierly and courageous manner. I am also much indebted to the assistant adjutant-general (Captain L. D. H. Currie) for his valuable services rendered, who was most of the time in the advance. It is impossible for me to particularize any one, but if I should do so I should award it to Captain Rosenthal for his conduct. The reconnaissance was carried out in every particular according to instructions received, without any mishap on our side.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. FRIEDMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Cameron Dragoons.

General W. F. SMITH, Commanding Division.

[Indorsement.]

Forwarded for the information of the Commanding General, with a decided difference of opinion with reference to artillery being seen near Fairfax Court-House. Captain Read, assistant adjutant-general to General Brooks, took a prisoner; Lieutenant Crane, acting ordnance officer, took one in a personal conflict; and Lieutenant Carey, my aide, took two by himself. Captain Currie, as usual, was everywhere to direct and make successful the expedition.

WM. F. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

FEBRUARY 24, 1862.-Affair at Lewis' Chapel, near Pohick Church, Virginia.

Report of Brigadier General Samuel P. Heintzelman, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,Camp Lyon, February 24, 1862-2 p.m.

GENERAL: This morning an attack was made on our pickets about a mile beyond Pohick Church, at Lewis' Chapel, with what force not stated, but the enemy's drums were heard all along the line. There

