
2nd. Cockpit battery, commanded by Captain Frobel. By his energy and activity all the tents and baggage of the Fifth Alabama, cooking utensils, together with all the ammunition, material, and equipments, of the battery, even to the powder emptied from the loaded shells, were brought safely off and are now here. The shell and shot were buried in secure concealment. The only ammunition expended was 25 cartridges, which the rear guard had so stationed to fire on the enemy in case he attempted to cross during the movement. Captain Frobel conveyed his property in a scow on the river into Chopawamsic.

3rd. The cavalry. Tents and camp equipage brought off complete; some private property destroyed or concealed.

4th. Imboden's battery. Nothing left behind; tents, ammunition, camp equipage, and battery complete, though the guns and caissons had to be brought out of Dumfries one at a time, twelve horses being required to each.

5th. Reilly's battery complete and in as perfect order as when first equipped. Fifteen barrels of breadstuff were reported by the First Tennessee Regiment as left, not possible to carry them. Most of this was taken by the men of the other regiments in their haversacks. The entire ammunition, stores, and property were brought off. So much for the Third Brigade.

The report of Colonel Archer, commanding the Texas brigade, is herewith submitted [No. 7.]. It is due to Colonel Archer to state that the route by which he had to retire was the worst of all-the old stage road. Teams in first-rate condition could barely haul 1,000 pounds over it, and all transportation had been very much weakened by the exhausting labor of the winter and the want of long forage.

It must be stated also, in justice to the entire command, that immediately after the furloughs were granted orders were issued from headquarters Army of the Potomac making each company commander responsible for the arms of the furloughed men, and requiring them to be kept with the regiments. I had applied, to be allowed to send them to Richmond until the expiration of the furloughs, on the very ground that, if required to move in any direction, I could not carry them-my camp equipage and the ammunition-but for satisfactory reasons the permission was denied.

The report of Colonel Hampton, commanding the advance brigade, is herewith submitted [No. 6], together with that of Major Stephen D. Lee, commanding battalion of artillery [No. 8]. Colonel Hampton being in general charge of an extended line, and having no officer available of rank to whom I could intrust the delicate maneuver of withdrawing from Wolf Run Shoals, the key of our position, in the face of the enemy, I had to assign Major Lee, as chief of the brigade staff, with the immediate direction of the movement. He executed it in a masterly manner.

The difficulties surrounding Colonel Hampton were indeed great. An extended line, insufficient transportation, an active superior enemy in his front, incessant skirmishing all along his outposts; his army was watched from the enemy's fleet. Ballons had been up every day for some days previous on both sides of the Potomac, and from the activity of the enemy and the fact that the country people and negroes had got suspicion of the move it was considered certain that the enemy would attack at once.

It is to that distinguished, active, and vigilant officer to say that here, as everywhere, he conducted his brigade with consummate judgment, precision, and skill. His loss of property, except private, accounts to nothing.

