
Packing will be commenced at once. Commissioned officers will see that the wagons are not overloaded, and they will be held responsible for this.

If here is any forage to be had, each team will carry a small supply. Quartermasters and wagon-masters will see to this. Quartermasters and wagon-masters will also see that wagons are not overloaded, and report all violations of this order to the colonel.

During the night two or three days' provisions will be cooked and distributed to the men, after which such of the cooking utensils as are to be carried will be put on the wagons.

During the night guards are required to maintain perfect order, silence, and discipline. Commanding officers of regiments will be held responsible for their own commands.

At daylight in the morning the trains will start, the brigade train leading, all accompanied by the train guards, and the sick, if here are any, under charge of a commissioned or non-commissioned officer.

Ammunition wagons will accompany their respective regiments and remain with them.

On march all officers are emphatically ordered to preserve the formation of rank and prevent the men from straggling. Colonels will frequently allow their regiments, to the file past, them, to see that they are well closed, and will direct the field and staff to give their whole attention to the march . Brigade commanders will direct the halts. Troops will move left in front. They will remain in position until notified. The colors will be carried displayed.

W. H. C. WHIPTING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Colonel HAMPTON.

[Inclosure B.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS AQUIA DISTRICT, VA.,

No. 27. March 17, 1862.

The major-general commanding the Aquia District desires to congratulate his own and the division of General Whiting on the admirable discipline and zeal for the service they have ever shown. The regularity and order of their march from Occoquan, Dumfries, and Evansport, made under circumstances of much difficulty, and their perfect subordination in this city, are speaking acts in evidence that have given him greatest satisfaction. Let us all remember that we are now at the threshold of those great events which must decide the fate of our beloved country. Each soldier in such a cause should be a hero. Let every man now in arms for the glory and independence of his home resolve to continue in that obedience and patience which equally with courage constitute the true soldier. Thus shall we be prepared to meet, and with God's blessing to defeat, the advancing columns of our enemies.

By command of Major General T. H. Thomas:

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

