
No. 8. Report of Major Stephen D. Lee, C. S. Army.

CAMP BARTOW,

Near Fredericksburg, Va., March 21, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with instructions in circular of this date I have the honor to submit the following report with reference to the amount of transportation, baggage brought, and baggage destroyed in the recent retrograde movement from the Occoquan to this point:

First, under my immediate command I had three batteries of artillery, leaving out two pieces with the Legion at Colchester (twelve guns and carriages). These guns were at Bacon Race Church, Wolf Run, and Davis' Fords, on the Occoquan. There were seven transportation and two ammunition wagons. With these wagons all the tents and equipage were brought to this point, excepting five tents belonging to one company, and six boxes of 12-pounder ammunition (seventy-two rounds), which I ordered destroyed on the road, it being impossible, with the indifferent teams, to transport them.

Several days before the retrograde movement I was appointed chief of staff to the brigade, and charged by Colonel Hampton with the withdrawal of the two regiments at Wolf Run Shoals and Davis' Ford, on the Occoquan (Sixteenth North Carolina Regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Love, and Fourteenth Georgia Regiment, Colonel Price) as also with the disposition of the public stores at Bacon Race Church, which was the depot for the troops on the Occoquan. The North Carolina regiment had about ten wagons, and brought all their tents and equipage which was of any value. The Fourteenth Georgia had nine wagons, and brought only their cooking utensils. Colonel Price reported he had to destroy his tents for want of transportation. He was instructed load his wagons only with equipage. The tents he destroyed were of little value.

At Bacon Race Church, at the time I took charge, several days before the movement, I found about 400 stands of arms, a quantity of ammunition, medical and quartermaster's stores; also about fifteen old wagons and harness (unserviceable). I succeeded in sending to Manassas, and in transporting to this point with twelve wagons, which were put at my disposal the night before the movement and in the return transportation trains to Manassas, all the arms, ammunition, and stores of value. All that was destroyed were the old wagons and harness (which were unserviceable), a quantity of loose cartridges, amounting to several boxes, and a quantity of private baggage. I should also state that a small amount of commissary stores were issued to the poor people in the vicinity by my order, there being no transportation for them.

I regret not being able to be more explicit; but being placed in charge but a few days before the movement I could not give a correct inventory, but can state generally that nothing of any value was destroyed all the valuable stores being sent to Manassas or brought in the twelve wagons to this point. Considering the dreadful state of the roads, I consider that all the property that was of any value was saved.

Respectfully submitted.

STEPHEN D. LEE,

Major, Provisional Army Confederate States,

Commanding Artillery Battalion, Occoquan, Va.

Lieutenant T. G. BARKER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General of Brigade, Occoquan, Va.

