
No. 1. Reports of Brigadier General Philip Kearny, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,Three miles from Bull Run, March 9, 1862-2.30 p.m.

SIR: On information of my scouts, &amp;c., I felt justified in making this day a reconnaissance to Sangster's Station. We have done this with caution and forced in the enemy's pickets, which were in some force at Sangster's.

Colonel Taylor commanded the advance. Colonel Simpson, with uncommon judgment, echeloned our supports and guarded us from attacks from our right.

A cavalry charge, unrivaled in brilliancy, headed by Lieutenant Hidden, Lincoln, Horse, broke, captured, and annihilated them, but was paid for by his life. A lieutenant and many foot-men are in our hands.

The Lincoln Horse has distinguished itself also in our patrols, which report the Ox road and farther country safe. The Third Regiment New Jersey Volunteers has been so far in the advance, the Second supporting it; Colonel Simpson holding Fairfax Station, and intermediate company (First Regiment) at Burke's. The country has been safely covered at all points. The enemy evidently is disheartened and retiring. Their cars are continually running to Manasssas.

I await further orders, my original ones being to remain at Burke's.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. KEARNY,

Brigadier-General.

Captain PURDY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-The lieutenant taken was Lieutenant Stewart, late of West Point. The general has sent Colonel Simpson on the Fairfax Court-House.

FIRST BRIGADE, FRANKLIN'S DIVISION,

Centerville, March 10, 1862-10.30 p.m.

SIR: As I informed you yesterday, I was led to drive back the enemy's pickets from information that seemed somewhat reliable. At night I occupied Burke's Station carefully, and Fairfax Court-House, Fairfax Station, and the intermediate line, as well as Sangster's Station, with regiments or strong detachments. This morning I occupied, at 12.30 p.m., Centerville with a detachment of the First Infantry, the regiment following, entering Centerville by the old Braddock road.

The last detachment of the enemy left late last night, blowing up the bridge on Cub and Bull Run.

I have also this day occupied Sangster's Station with the Third New Jersey Volunteers, pushing heavy detachments to the front. I was without orders, but necessarily found myself occupying the country in advance of all the columns as a necessary precaution for my own flanks, even securing Burke's Station and all that railroad most perfectly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. KEARNY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain PURDY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.- I have to state that at Fairfax Court-House, as at Centerville, the column found my troops previously in occupation.

