
No. 2. Report of Colonel Alfred T. A. Torbert, First New Jersey Infantry.
HDQRS. FIRST REGT'S, FIRST Brigadier, FRANKLIN'S DIV.,Camp Seminary, Va., March 17, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the inclosed reports concerning the First Regiment, First Brigade, Franklin's division, under the immediate command of Lieutenant-Colonel McAllister, being myself at the time unable to ride on horseback on account of rheumatism, but was in the field during the time, making myself as useful as possible under the circumstances.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Colonel First Regiment New Jersey Volunteers.

Captain JAMES M. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

No. 3. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Robert McAllister, First New Jersey Infantry.

FIRST REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,

Camp Seminary, Va., March 17, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with your request I herewith transmit to you a report of the movement of our regiment.

After leaving this place for Burke's Station, on Friday, March 7, we left our brigade drill ground and marched across to the Little River turnpike. On this side of Annandale I was ordered to send forward our two flank companies, leaving us seven companies (one company being on picket). We reached Burke's Station at about 1 o'clock a.m. on the 8th. Our regiment was then stationed along the edge of the woods near Burke's house.

After General Howard's brigade left we were ordered to take a position along the woods north of the railroad, which order I executed immediately. I then examined all the roads leading to the camp grounds, placed pickets, and rested for the night. On the morning of the 9th I received an order to send three companies to Burke's house. We started at once. The came another order to send two companies, under the command of Major Hatfield, to the old Braddock road. I detailed Companies B and E. They started without delay, leaving me but two companies. After 2 p.m. I received an order to bring in the three companies at Burke's house, and march up the railroad to support Colonel Simpson at the church near Fairfax Station. On reaching that I did not see Colonel Simpson, but met General Kearny, who ordered me to march up to Farr's Cross-Roads, leaving one company (Company K) at Payne's Church. With the remaining four companies I arrived at Farr's Cross-Roads about 5 p.m., and formed line of battle, and remained in that position until our general arrived from Fairfax Court-House, when he told me to encamp there for the night; to be on the alert; that it was an important point; that the enemy were in the neighborhood and if attacked to hold it until re-enforcements came to my aid. I put out

