
and full of enthusiasm by the movements of this brigade during its absence from camp.

A single casualty occurred during our absence. Captain Duffy's company was detailed by Colonel Taylor, commanding the post at Fairfax Station, on Monday, the 10th instant, as a guard for the erection of the telegraph from the Station to the Court-House. A private of this company (Thomas W. Spriggs) was accidentally shot through the head while removing his musket from the stack, and expired in a few moments.

Yours obedient servant,

I. M. TUCKER,

Colonel Second Regiment New Jersey Volunteers.

Captain JAMES M. WILSON, Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 7. Report of Colonel George W. Taylor, Third New Jersey Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FORT WORTH, VA., March 16, 1862.

SIR: In pursuance of order, this moment received, I have the honor to report the following as an account of the movements of the Third Regiment New Jersey Volunteers during the march of the last week towards Manassas:

Left Camp Fort Worth Friday, March 7, 1862, about 4 p.m., with the First Brigade (General Kearny's). That night marched to Burke's, 12 miles and bivouacked. On the 8th the Third Regiment marched to camp near the railroad, one mile east of Fairfax Station, and relieved the picket of the Sixty-fourth New York State Volunteers. Left camp the 9th on a reconnaissance, with 20 cavalry of the First New York Regiment, towards Occoquan. Returned to Fairfax Station about noon. Soon after received order from yourself in person to take some five companies, or parts thereof (the balance of our regiment being picketed to guard our left flank and Fairfax), and proceed by railroad and march upon Sangster's Station, 3 miles east of Bull Run. About half a mile this side of Sangster's the enemy appeared in reconnoitering parties of cavalry and some infantry on the right and left of the railroad. They fell back as hour flankers advanced. The regiment marched steadily until the advance reached Sangster's. There, in your presence and by your orders, they occupied a commanding position in line of battle on the crest of a hill to the right of railroad. I had under my orders of the First New York Cavalry 16 men and one corporal, under First Lieutenant Hidden. Just before leaving the railroad I ordered this officer to advance in the open fields and reconnoiter, and if the force was not greatly superior to his own he might charge them. He went off at a brisk trot, nor did he check his stores until he charged into the midst of their pickets, the enemy being greatly superior in numbers, and having the advantage of cover of pines. He lost his life in the gallant charge, but drove the enemy into a rapid retreat, leaving arms and many knapsacks and blankets. Thirteen prisoners were taken, with a lieutenant and non-commissioned officer. They proved to be the First Maryland Regiment.

Very soon after the Second Regiment of Kearny's brigade came up and joined us. They occupied the ground of the enemy's picketing regiment until night, when a small company was left to guard Sangster's

