
Station until next day. That day, the 10th instant, by your orders, eight companies of the Third Regiment marched upon Union Mills late in the day and bivouacked the same night beyond Sangster's Station. At 4 a.m., 11th instant, continued the march, arrived at Bull Run, and found the bridge partially burned. It took about one hour to repair it. Crossed, and continued a rapid march to Manassas Junction. Arrived at 9.30 a.m., previously having deployed into line of battle, and sent Captain Gibson, with a flank company of skirmishers, into the place. We found it deserted except by a few citizens with or three wagons, loading the spoils left by the rebels. The flag of the Union was instantly hoisted upon the flag staff of one of the enemy's works, about which time you joined our regiment, upon which, by our order, had been conferred the honor and great satisfaction of hoisting the American ensign upon the notorious hold of the rebels. The regiment, by your orders, marched the same day to Centerville, where they arrived at sunset. The following morning, the 12 instant, returned to Fairfax Station and the same day to Fairfax Court-House. Remained at Fairfax Court-House until the 14th instant at 6 o'clock p.m., at which time the regiment marched with the brigade, under your orders, to our present camp at Fort Worth, arriving at 1.30 a.m., 15th instant, having been detained nearly one hour in crossing Cameroon Run. The regiment stood the march remarkably well .

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

GEO. W. TAYLOR,

Colonel Third New Jersey Volunteers.

Brigadier General PHILIP KEARNY,

Company First Brigade, Franklin's Division.

No. 8. Report of Colonel James H. Simpson, Fourth New Jersey Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,Camp Seminary, Va., March 16, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of the movements of the Fourth Regiment New Jersey Volunteers since the 7th instant:

On that day it received orders to march with the other regiments of the brigade to Burke's Station, on the Alexandria and Orange Railroad, 14 miles from this camp. The regiment left at 3 p.m., and in consequence of its being the rear guard of the whole brigade, including the wagons, and the very bad state of the cross road from Annandale, it did not reach its destination till 4 o'clock the next morning, everything, however, having been brought up in good order. The regiment was immediately put in position by your orders as a movable force to attack the enemy at any point he might present himself, the three other regiments occupying eligible positions on the approaches to the Station from the south, west, and north.

In the afternoon, by your direction, I accompanied you in a reconnaissance of their country about the place for several miles, the object being to become thoroughly acquainted with the roads, so as to be ready to meet the enemy at any point, and in parting with me you gave me my orders for the night.

