
MARCH 14-16, 1862.-Reconnaissance to Cedar Run, Virginia.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Brigadier General George Stoneman, U. S. Army.

No. 2.-Colonel Samuel K. Zook, Fifty-seventh New York Infantry.

No. 1. Report of Brigadier General George Stoneman, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Washington, March 16, 1862.

SIR: I inclose copy of a report just received from General Stoneman. I am confident that the force seen near Warrenton Junction did not come from Aquia, but that it is the rear guard of the troops who left Manassas. Captain D'Orleans reports the roads very bad on their return march, and that they had great difficulty in getting back. Bridges on the railroad all burned up to Cedar Run, inclusive.

In haste, very respectfully,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCE,Union Mills, Va., March 16, 1862.

We arrived here last evening about dark. We got corn for horses; no provisions for men. Bull Run too high to cross. Had we staid an hour longer we should not have got here to-day, owing to high water in the streams. Felt the enemy cautiously, and found him in force at Warrenton Station. Saw two regiments of cavalry and three bodies of infantry on the other side of Cedar Run. Had we crossed, should not have been able to get back for high water. Had three men of Fifth Cavalry hit driving in enemy's pickets, one slightly wounded in the head; two men of Pennsylvania cavalry shot through the foot by their own carbines; one man (infantry) wounded by his own bayonet. Enemy acted confidently, and followed us some way back on the road, but did not molest us in any way.

Enemy's force consisted of Stuart's and Ewell's cavalry, a battery of artillery, and some infantry. Railroad bridges all burned down up to Warrenton Junction; still entire beyond, but all in readiness to burn at a movement's warning, having dry wood piled upon them. Heard cars running during night before last; probably bringing up troops from Rappahannock. Heard of two regiments of infantry at Warrenton engaged in impressing the militia and securing forage. Heard of a large of infantry this side of Rappahannock River, having come up to Warrenton Junction from Aquia Creek day before yesterday. Bridges all destroyed this side of Broad Run. The Duke and Count, who take this, will give you further particulars.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEO. STONEMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel COLBURN.

