
them. Whole regiments are mustered into the service and sent upon active duty without a single officer who knows thoroughly company drill, much less the organization or drill of a regiment. I am convinced that the detail of a second lieutenant from the Military Academy to act as major even would in six weeks increase the military power of a regiment at least one-third. If, then, the volunteers will this year cost the Government $300,000,000, this would produce the same amount of military at $100,000,000 less. This seems enormous, but I have no doubt of the truth of it. Can nothing be done? Appears there will be no difficulty in effecting this arrangement with all the regiments now forming. Are there not plenty officers in California that could be brought here? Please present this matter to General Scott.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.

CLARKSBURG, VA., August 6, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington:

Tell General Scott his dispatch is received. I have ordered the Seventeenth Indiana to Beverly, seven of the Fourth and nine of the Tenth to Buckhannon, [and] a vigorous prosecution of the work in Cheat Mountain, on the Huntsville road. Cox moved a body of his forces to Summerville to join Tyler and from thence to threaten Huntersville. Sent Lieutenant Wagner to fortify at mouth of Gauley. Appointed Benham acting inspector-general. Sent him also to thoroughly examine troops of the Kanawha Brigade, supervise the defenses, and select a provision depot for 30,000 to 40,000 men, to be stationed near the had of steamboat navigation on the Kanawha. Will have a packing train ready in twenty days for 4,000 men-ten days' rations. Ask the General, for Heaven's sake, to make some such provision as I have suggested for the military instruction of the reorganized and new regiments, which by this means may soon be put to service. Could not the Academy term be made to open, say, in November, and the cadets detailed, one for each regiment, as instructors of tactics or drill-masters? But my choice is to have at least majors from the young officers of the Army.

Please let me know also whether I am to have a brigade of regulars and a major-general over me.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION OF THE POTOMAC,Washington, August 7, 1861.

Brigadier General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Ohio, Clarksburg, Va.:

General Dix telegraphs that he is reliable informed that Lee and Johnston are actually on their march to crush you in Western Virginia. It is probable that they will move either on Huttonsville or Gauley. Complete as rapidly as possible the entrenchments near those places. Get your artillery in position, drawing, if necessary, on Allegheny Arsenal for heavy guns. These entrenchments must be as strong as the locality and the means at your hands will permit. They cannot be too strong. Place eight regiments near the Gauley Pass, one at Summersville,

