
One has been shut up in the fort and the other is to be scattered as a guard to the railroad bridges between Baltimore and Havere de Grace.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 8, 1861.

Brigadier-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Western Virginia Department, Granfton, Va.:

SIR: The governor of Virginia having applies to the Department for the arms, ammunition, and camp equipage recently captured int he operations in Western Virginia, for the purpose of the arming and equipping the Union men in that section of the country, you will, if it can be done without injury or inconvenience to the public interest, please cause the property referred to to be delivered to Governor Peirpoint, at Wheeling, Va., and take his receipt therefore.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Memorandum.

WASHINGTON, August 9, 1861.

At Potomac Creek, just below Aquia, they have a camp with four field pieces below the creek, and above the creek there is every appearance of a heavy battery, although it has not been fired to our knowledge. At Aquia Creek it has been reported that they have taken over flat-boats and scows from the Rappahannock. The steamer Page is there ready for service when she can get out.

For the past few days there have been very few persons seen about there. The flags on the batteries have been hauled down. From these circumstances, and from the apparent quiet on the river, I have augured that some operation is going on.

At Mathias point, from the best information I can obtain, which is through the blacks, there are 300 or 400 men about 2 miles back from the point. A picket is said to be kept on this point, although they have never been seen in the daytime, but have several times been heard talking and laughing. It is said that they are throwing up breastworks on the point, through as yet they have no batteries.

There are several other points on the river where their troops are stationed, and, in my opinion, in all the inlets and creeks that enemy are collecting flat-boats and several boats of all kinds, which should be destroyed.

R. H. WYMAN,

Lieutenant-Commander, Commanding Steamer Yankee.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION OF THE POTOMAC,Washington, August 11, 1861.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I have to request that you will proceed with the force placed under your command to the vicinity of Poolesville, and there

