HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,August 13, 1861.

Major-General BANKS, U. S. A.,

Commanding, &amp;c., Sandy Hook, Md.:

You are authorized to withdraw your batteries and troops from Maryland Heights and Harper's Ferry, leaving a guard to observe the enemy, and to take such position with your army as you deem best, between Frederick and the Potomac and on either side the Monocacy, to observe the enemy across the Potomac and protect the canal. If involved in or threatened with active operations you may absorb the upper part of Stone's command or, in an extreme case, the whole of it within your reach.

WINFIELD SCOTT.
HEADQUARTERS CORPS OF OBSERVATION,Rockville, August 13, 1861.

Major S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Division of Potomac:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that i arrived here yesterday morning with Battery I, First U. S. Artillery. Found here the Tammany [Forty-second New York] Regiment and Second New York State Militia [Eighty-second New York Volunteers].

The streams re swollen by the heavy rains and the roads are heavy and badly cut up.

Inexperienced management of the trains has caused delay in the arrival of a large portion of the wagons of the Tammany Regiment, and it cannot advance until some of the delayed wagons arrive.

I go to-day to Seneca, and shall, if practicable, move the artillery and one regiment of infantry to Darnestown.

The Second New York Regiment is weak in numbers and greatly disorganized. No dependence can be placed in it for some time to come.

Very respectfully, I am, major, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 14, 1861.

Major ALBERT J. MYER, Signal Officer:

SIR: You will at once and with the utmost expedition establish a system of signals along the line of the Potomac through Maryland, connecting the column under Major-General Banks with those under Brigadier-Generals Stone and McCall and the forces in and about this city. Should you find it necessary, you are authorized to purchase a small telegraphic train, to aid you to communicate with those points which cannot be reached by signals, to be paid for out of the telegraphic fund. Major-General McClellan will be directed to give you the necessary aid by details of officers and men from the respective columns and also Major-General Banks.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

