
The Huntersville force and Wise and Floyd's force are all moving on us by the way of Mingo Flats, and we are without any guard or fortifications to that pass.

JOHN S. CARLILE.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SHENANDOAH,August 15, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In obedience to instructions by telegram of the 13th and by order of the 14th instant, both of which were duly received, I have made preparations to change the position of this column to a point between Frederick and the Potomac River, leaving at this post a corps of observation, and providing for the protection of the canal and river as directed. A portion of our force (Colonel Geary's regiment) was sent to Point of Rocks on Tuesday evening. The movement of the main part of the column will be speedily completed. Everything is quiet at that point now. A few rebels have shown themselves opposite Sharpsburg, were a regiment (Thirteenth Massachusetts, Colonel Leonard) is stationed. I send an intercepted letter from Richmond,* which represents the opinion of a portion of the people there.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, August 16, 1861.

Major-General BANKS, Commanding, &amp;c., Sandy Hook, Md.:

In approximating your forces to this lower down the Potomac, I thinks it best to cross the Monocacy, in order to have that river as a line of defense.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

WASHINGTON, August 16, 1861.

General BANKS, Commanding, Sandry Hook:

From information received this evening it is deemed important that the change of position ordered by General-in-Chief should be made without delay. What party of your command has been moved?

SIMON CAMERON,Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,

Baltimore, Md., August 16, 1861.

EDWARD MCK. HUDSON, Aide-de-Camp:

SIR: I am directed by Major-General Dix to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 15th instant, addressed to Brigadier-General Dix, commanding Department of Baltimore, and inclosing paragraphs from newspapers published in this city.*

He requests me to say that he is the major-general commanding the Department of Pennsylvania, composed of the States of Pennsylvania,

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

