
ANNAPOLIS.

The First Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, headquarters at annapolis, has six companies there and four at Annapolis Junction, with detachments from both stations guarding the intermediate bridges and cross roads.

Contraband goods are carried across this line to the lower counties on the Western Shore of Maryland bordering on the Potomac, and sent into Virginia at Mathias Point and other places.

To watch it effectively five more companies are need; a regiment would be better.

THE RELAY HOUSE.

The Fourth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers is stationed at the Realy House, 9 miles from Baltimore, at the junction of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and the Washington Branch. It has one company between the Relay House and the Annapolis Junction, and has detachments on both roads, all within the range of 9 miles from the headquarters of the regiment.

PHILADELPHIA, WILMINGTON AND BALTIMORE RAILROAD.

The Fourth Regiment New York Volunteers, with its headquarters at Havre de Grace, is guarding the Baltimore, Wilmington and Philadelphia Railroad. It is disposed as follows:

At Perryville, ont he east side of Susquehanna, one company.

at Havre de Grace, on the west side of Susquehanna, three companies.

At Perrymansville, 9 miles from Susquehanna, one company.

At Bush River, 12 miles from Susquehanna, two companies.

At Gunpowder River, 24 miles from Susquehanna, two companies.

At Back River, 7 miles from Baltimore, one company.

NORTHERN CENTRAL RAILROAD.

The Twentieth Regiment Indiana Volunteers is guarding the Northern Central Railroad and the Pikesville Arsenal. Its headquarters are near Cockeysville, 15 miles from Baltimore, where there are three companies. There is one company at the Pikesville Arsenal, 8 miles from Baltimore, and the other six are scattered along the line of the railroad in detachments, guarding some 65 bridges and culverts in Maryland and a few across the Pennsylvania line. The position and strength of all the other regiments and corps in Maryland are shown by the inclosed copy of my letter of the 17th instant to Colonel Cullu, aide-de-camp, intended as a memoir for the information of the Genera-in-Chief.* They are all in and around Baltimore. The New York Third and the Indiana Twenty-first, outside of Fort McHenry, are subject to heavy details for detached service. One company of the former is guarding a powder-house three-quarters of a mile from the fort. Two companies of the latter are under instruction int he fort as artillerists, and two others are guarding steamers engaged in the transportation of supplies between Baltimore and Washington. The charters of these steamers are about to expire..

There are less than 200 artillerists in Fort McHenry to man 72 guns.

---------------

*See p. 565.

---------------

