
My cavalry force is so weak, that I cannot make the use I desire to of that arm without breaking down both horses and men.

Very respectfully, I am, major, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SHENANDOAH,Near Buckeystown, Md., August 20, 1861.

General GEORGE B. MCCLELLAN, Washington, D. C.:

I have near here 10,860 infantry, 549 artillerymen, 333 cavalry, and fourteen pieces light artillery. At Frederick the First Maryland Regiment, nearly 750, and the Fourth Connecticut Regiment, nearly 750. At Sharpsburg nearly 1,000. Detailed report will be sent by mail No news here this evening.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SHENANDOAH,August 20, 1861.

Colonel GEARY, Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Regiment:

SIR: The General Commanding directs that you station detachments from your regiment at the different fords on the Potomac River from Harper's Ferry to the Monocacy Aqueduct. These will relieve Colonels Donnelly's and Gordon's regiments. You will at once send the four pieces of the Rhode Island Battery, now at Point of Rocks, to rejoin its brigade at this place. On being relieved by your detachments, Colonels Donnelly's and Gordon's regiments with he two guns of the Rhode Island Battery, now at Berlin, will rejoin their respective brigades.

The General Wishes you as far as possible to put a stop to all intercourse with the State of Virginia in the vicinity of your posts. Should you be forced to retire by largely superior forces of the enemy, you will endeavor to concentrate your regiment as much as you can in retreating and retire upon Hyattstown, where your brigade will be for the present. You will at once send off all your baggage, except that which is absolutely necessary. In case you are forced to retreat, you will destroy the railroad and telegraph as far as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION OF THE POTOMAC,August 20, 1861.

Brigadier General ANDREW PORTER, U. S. A.,

Provost-Marshal, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Major-General McClellan directs that throughout the day to-morrow you hold in readiness to march at a minute's warning a light battery, two companies of cavalry, and as many companies of infantry as you may deem necessary, to put down a mutiny in Colonel Baker's California Regiment.

