
or shoot sentries, I shall be obliged to hold the neighborhood in which these outrages are committed responsible; and uncles they raise the hue and cry and pursue the offenders, deal with them as accessaries to the crime.

Unarmed and peaceful citizens shall be protected, the rights of private property respected, and only those who are found enemies of the Government of the United States and peace of Western Virginia will be disturbed. Of those I shall require absolute certainty that they will do no mischief.

Put a stop to needless arrests and the spread of malicious reports. Let each town and district choose five of its most reliable and energetic citizens a committee of public safety, to act in concert with the civic and military authorities and be responsible for the preservation of peace and good order.

Citizens of Western Virginia, your fate is mainly in your won hands.

If you allow yourselves to be trampled under foot by hordes of disturbers, plunderers, and murderers your land will become a desolation. If you stand firm for law and order and maintain your rights, you may dwell together peacefully and happily as in former days.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Baltimore, Md., August 21, 1861.

Captain EDWARD MCK. HUDSON, Aide-de-Camp:

SIR: The Secretary of the Navy is in error in supporting that I have the means of effectually blockading the Patuxent. I have but two revenue cutters at my disposal, both sailing vessels, the Forward and the Hope. The former belongs tot he revenue service, but is in bad order and ought to be hauled up for repairs. The latter is a yacht, which her owner, who commands her, offered for gratuitous service. She lies opposite Fort McHenry, and has been very useful and efficient. She is entirely unsuited to the service which would be required of her in the lower part of the bay. Armed steamers are indispensable. The Secretary of the Treasury promised me four steamers of from three to four hundred tons. With these I thought the whole commerce of the Chesapeake north of the Potomac could be effectually controlled. I inclose a copy of a letter to him of the 8th instant,* explaining the necessity for such a force. My opinion still is that nothing short of it will suffice o break up the illicit commercial intercourse carried on between the Eastern Shore of Maryland with Virginia through the Patuxent and Potomac.

I have twice called the attention of the Government to the fact that there is a rebel camp in Northampton County, on the Eastern Shore of on the Eastern Shore of Maryland up to Delaware line. It is very important that it should be broken up. Two regiments, with a discreet commander, could march through this important district and put down all opposition.

I am, respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Printed in Series III, Vol. I.

---------------

37 R R-VOL V

