
These men can be readily furnished by details from the volunteer foot regiments assigned as garrisons for the works.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM F. BARRY,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Baltimore, Md., August 23, 1861.

Major General GEORGE B. MCCLELLAN:

GENERAL: The inclosed letter, which I think of sufficient importance to be submitted to you, only conveys intelligence which I am very day receiving from numbers sources. The secessionists are active and confident throughout the counties on the Eastern Shore of Maryland and Virginia, and the friends of the Government discontented and to some extent depressed. They ask for arms, and in some cases for he presence of Fedora troops. I am satisfied there are from 1,000 to 1,500 rebels embodied at Eastville, Northampton County, Virginia, and at other points. Two regiments marched from Salisbury, the terminus of the railroad from Wilimington, down to the southern extremity of the Eastern Shore would break up an immense traffic in contraband, disperse the rebels and give courage to the friends of the Union.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

NEWTOWN, August 12, 1861.

General JOHN A. DIX, Commanding Department of Annapolis:

DEAR SIR: I have given my friend C. C. Adreon, esq., a complete statement of affair sin this region. I have endeavored to show to him the necessity for troops to protect our citizens int heir persons and rights. They have become most insulting and threatening towards us, and are actually driving men suspected of holding Union sentiment from the State, Virginia, and some of the a Dr. Stickeny and family, are here in Newton now for protection. There is a secession flag at this time waving in sigh of me whilst I write. I have been informed that some of our Union men here bout the practicability of sending troops to the line at and below this place, but I know these men to have personal considerations at the bottom of their prudence. Mr. Sharpe passed through here last week, having in his possession several rifles; was showing them at the hotel of Mr. Dryden, where he amused his disunion friends by showing them the facility by which they were loaded and discharged. They were Ashapr's and Merrill's patents, and numbered eight or ten. Mr. Adreon can give you his experience among the Virginians and all other particulars you may require. They have at their command about eight good, serviceable cannon, and about 800 men in a camp, armed with good muskets and rifles. The balance of the men in the camp (about 1,500) are armed with shot-guns and fowling pieces without bayonets. They have also several other pieces of cannon they can mount in battery. Those eight pieces are nice brass guns and mounted. They are beginning to thrown up earthen forfitications along the shore of their different rivers, and the sooner troops are sent, in my judgment, the better it will be. For further information I refer you to Mr. Adreon.

Your humble servant,

GEO. S. MERRILL.

