
breastwork and the pickets have been increased, but this is perhaps on account of some encroachments by our troops on the Virginia side. Above Point of Rocks there is no increase of rebel forces. the cavalry seems to be chiefly of local character. Last night we were informed that the troops at Leesburg were moving westward, which would take them toward slovettsville, but his is not well authenticated.

Our force is about 14,000 men. Of this Geary's regiment is at Point of Rocks; Leonard's (Thirteenth) at Harper's Ferry; Kenly's (First Maryland) at Williamsport. They guard the river from the mouth of the Mocacy to the country above Williamsport.

We are much in want of clothing, shoes, &amp;c. We have now but eight pieces of artillery, and are deficient in staff officers, upon which I have addressed you a note.

The news of the capture of the forts in North Carolina has given to our troops the greatest satisfaction and spirit. I congratulate you upon this evidence of a turning tide in the affairs of the country.

Nearly all our insurgent men are returning to duty. The division is in excellent health.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Washington, D. C., September 4, 1861.

Colonel EDWARD D. BAKER:

You will march with your brigade immediately and report to General Smith at his position, in advance of the Chain Bridge. You will bring with you two days' cooked rations. You will have the men bring their overcoats or blankets, leaving as small a guard as necessary to guard your camp and baggage left at your present position.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Washington, D. C., September 4, 1861.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE, Commanding, &c., Poolesville, Md.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 1st instant. The Commanding General directs en to invite your particular attention to the importance of keeping a careful watch upon the Potomac in front of your position. It is believed, from still entertains the design of crossing the river in force at some point above Washington.

There being now no separate military department within the district of country occupied by the Army of the Potomac, the Commanding General is the only person who, under the sixty-fifth article of war, is competent to a point general courts-martial for this army. Should you find it necessary to make application for a general court-martial, and are requested to furnish at the same time a suitable detail for the court, including the judge-advocate.

The commanding general will at an early day request the War Department to appoint a board to examine into the qualifications of officers.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

