
will call into the service a class of men who would not otherwise enter the Army.

You will readily perceive that the object of this force is to follow up, along the coast and up the inlets and rivers, the movements of the main army when it advances.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, September 7, 1861.

General MCCLELLAN:

DEAR SIR: A dispatch from our master of transportation, Mr. William P. Smith, received last evening, says:

Have just heard that Confederates have taken up about 9 miles of the iron on our track above Martinsburg for repairs of their roads toward Richmond, and have also removed a considerable portion of our telegraph wires for transfer in the same direction. All this is in additional to five locomotives and some $40,000 worth of valuable machinists' tools and materials for railroad rapiers, &amp;c., lately taken from our Martinsburg shops, and of which they stated they were greatly in need at the South. The engines were hauled by turnpike through Winchester to Strasburg or some other point on Manassas road. They will require heavy repairs however, before use.

With the wear and tear upon the Southern roads, caused to an extraordinary extent by military transportation, and with the blockade preventing their obtainment of materials and machinery for repairs, it will not require much calculation to determine the to them almost inestimable value of this property of which they have just robbed our company. Thus the great capabilities of our road to aid the Government int he suppression of the rebellion, if our line were connected through, are used in part to facilitate the operations of the rebels. I know that you will appreciate the bearings of this late outrage more readily than probably any other person,a nd that as soon as you have the means place din your hands you will remedy the matter, or rather prevent its repetition.

It may be desirable for you know that at Piedmont we have about as much of a stock of materials and machinists' tools as was taken from Martinsburg, and probably half as much at Cumberland also. The great value of such things to the Confederate at this time, irrespective of other considerations, may tempt them to make raids in that direction also.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. SULLIVAN,

General Transportation Agent Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Washington, September 8, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War:

SIR: Your note of yesterday* is received. I concur in your views as to the exigency of the present occasion. I appreciate and cordially thank you for your offers of support, and will avail myself o them to the fullest extent demanded by the interests of the country. The force

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

