
I understood from the major-general commanding that eight regiments were to be ordered here as soon as that number of troops could be spared, and in such case General Gorman might perhaps have command of a brigade within this command. This I throw out merely as a suggestion, should there be no more important pressing duty for him. I shall be somewhat uneasy about the condition of the First Minnesota Regiment should General Gorman be immediately detached.

Very respectfully, I am, colonel, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS GENERAL BANKS' DIVISION,Near Derestown, Md., September 12, 1861.

Colonel GEARY,

Twenty-eighth Regiment Pa. Vols., Point of Rocks, Md.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of this date.* I have submitted it to Major-General Banks, who instructs me to say that he has requested General Stone to send you two pieces of cannon, if they can be spared.

I send you 10,000 caps for Major Gould. The general instruct me to say that you will at once, send to these headquarters the reasons why you have kept Major Gould's command this long without reporting the deficiency.

The general instructs me to say that, having selected you to fill a very difficult and exceedingly important position, on account of qualities he believed you possessed, he is surprised at the feeling you evince at the first approach of an enemy in any force. He directs me to say that, in case you are attacked by a greatly superior force, you will defend the crossings over which you have command as long as it is possible for you to do so without endangering the safety of your whole command. General Stone, at Poolesville, and for this purpose will keep yourself in daily communication with him. Should you be unable to unite with General Stone by the intervention of an enemy in sufficient numbers to oppose you progress, you will retire upon Monocacy Junction, breaking up the railroads and cutting the telegraph wires as you retire.

The general instructs me to say that he expects you to make good your position along the line of your pickets against any force not exceeding 3,000 men. Your wagons will be sent you as soon as arrangements can be made for them to leave. He instructs me to say that you will communicate with these headquarters daily the state of your command along the river, and for this reason are authorized to employ two reliable messengers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

POINT OF ROCKS, MD., September 12, 1861.

Captain ROBERT WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have to report that the enemy still continues to threaten my lines at Harper's Ferry and above and below that place for 2 or 3 miles

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

38 R R-VOL V

