
devised for the purpose of small divisions of an army (not exceeding in the whole 12,000 men) be adapted to the necessities of an army of 100,000 actively operating upon a great theater of war. To meet their wants, there must be a medical system commensurate with the army, and the nature of its operations so organized as to b in harmonious action with every other branch of service and under the same military command. The humane and disinterested services of the Sanitary Commission have enabled them to make several judicious suggestions, and their labors entitle them to the gratitude of the Army and of the country.

The following suggestions by them are worthy of approval and immediate adoption:

1st. The appointment of a medical director of the Army of the Potomac by its commanding general, with such powers as he may deem proper from time to time to commit to such director.

2nd. the immediate organization of an ambulance corps, to act under the medical director's command.

3rd. The employment of an adequate corps of male and female nurses by the medical director, to act under his supervision.

4th. That "the relations of the Sanitary Commission and the Medical Bureau be placed on a basis of entire confidence and co-operation; that their disinterested counsel be received without jealousy."

These suggestions of the Commission merit and receive the cordial sanction of the Commanding General. He concurs with them in their judgment "that they have earned the right to the confidence of the Department which originally, with generous reliance, called them into being and does not doubt that they still enjoy this confidence"; and he agrees with hem in the wish "to see it extended fully from the Medical Bureau."

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. ARMY OF OCCUPATION OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Camp Scott, near Cross-Lanes, Va., September 14, 1861.

Brigadier-General COX:

SIR: Colonel McCook, commanding a provisional brigade to cross the Gauley this morning and open communications with your forces, reported to be on the Lewisburg road, and at the same time to reconnoiter Wise's position, reported at Dogwood Gap. Should he be found there we shall prepare to attack him as soon as we have thoroughly reconnoitered; sooner, if there be signs of retreat. Dispose your command to follow up the movement if we deem it advisable. To this end have your provision and ammunition trains inspected and numbered, arranging for the ammunition to give, with what they have in cartridge-boxes, 100 rounds to each man.

Leave a regiment to hold the mouth of the Gauley and protect the provision and ammunition trains below. Report your opinion and the facts on which it is based with respect to the present rebel force west of the Kanawha. We shall start our provision trains to draw supplies from your lines of transportation. Send Wagner forward to reconnoiter and report ont he topographical and military features of the road to Lewisburg, the report to be sent through to me if possible.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS.

