
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 18. Washington, September 30, 1861.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

XI. The works in the vicinity of Washington are named as follows:

The work south of Hunting Creek, Fort Lyon.

That on Shooter's Hill, Fort Ellsworth.

That to the left of the Seminary, Fort Worth.

That in front of Blenker's brigade, Fort Blenker.

That in front of Lee's house, Fort Ward.

That near the mouth of Four Mile Creek, Fort Scott.

That on Richardson's Hill, Fort Richardson.

That now known as Fort Albany, Fort Albany.

That near the end of Long Brigade, Fort Runyon.

The work next on the right of Fort Albany, Fort Craig.

The next on the right of Fort Craig, Fort Tillinghast.

The next on the right of Fort Tillinghast, Fort Ramsay.

The work next on the right of Fort Ramsay, Fort Woodbury.

That next on the right of Fort Woodbury, Fort De Kalb.

The work in rear of Fort Corcoran and near canal, Fort Haggerty.

That now known as Fort Corcoran, Fort Corcoran.

That to the north of Fort Corcoran, Fort Bennett.

That south of Chain Bridge, on height, Fort Ethan Allen.

That near the Chain Bridge, on Leesburg road, Fort Marcy.

That on the cliff north of Chain Bridge, Battery Martin Scott.

That on height near reservior, Battery Vermont.

That near Georgetown, Battery Cameron.

That on the left of Tennallytown, Fort Gaines.

That at Tennallytown, Fort Pennsylvania.

That at Emory's Chapel, Fort Massachusetts.

That near camp of Second Rhode Island Regiment, Fort Slocum.

That on Prospect Hill, near Bladensburg, Fort Lincoln.

That next on the left of Fort Lincoln, Fort Saratoga.

That next on the left of Fort Saratoga, Fort Bunker Hill.

That on the right of General Sickles' camp, Fort Stanton.

That on the right of Fort Stanton, Fort Carroll.

That on the left towards Bladensburg, Fort Greble.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 19. Washington, October 1, 1861.

The attention of the General Commanding has recently been directed to depredations of an atrocious character that have been committed upon the persons and property of citizens in Virginia by the troops under his command. The property of inoffensive people has been lawlessly and violently taken from them; their houses broken open, and in some instances burned to the ground.

The General is perfectly aware of the fact that these outrages are perpetrated by a few bad men, and do not receive the sanction of the mass of the army. He feels confident, therefore, that all officers and soldiers who have the interest of the service at heart will cordially unite their efforts with his in endeavoring to suppress practices which disgrace the name of a soldier.

