
been placed under my control. The only two vessels I have here are the Hope and the Jackson, both revenue cutters, sailing craft, and drawing over 10 feet. If there is a different class of vessels at Washington it would be very well, in case they can be spared, to order two or three of them here. I can send one to General Lockwood and employ the others to a very great advantage. If there are none, it is very important to secure a few by purchase or otherwise.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

POOLESVILLE, October 8, 1861-10 p.m.

Major-General McCLELLAN,

Commanding Army of Potomac:

The enemy have evidently been excited by our occupation of Seldon's Island, and some of the troops which marched from Leesburg yesterday afternoon have appeared in front of it. I think they re-enforced that point by about a regiment.

The island is commanded by the Virginia shore, and the channel between that and the island is only 60 to 80 feet wide and knee-deep. It is hardly safe to occupy so long a space unless in very large force and with considerable entrenching, as well as artillery protection of good proportions. I had a party of 20 on it, all our boats could carry at once, but they are off to-night, as they could be easily captured. The river on this side is from 250 to 300 feet wide and breast-deep. The enemy cannot cross there.

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General.

MOUNTAIN COVE, VA., October 8, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND:

Withdrawn our forces, 5,200 men, from top of Big Sewell on Sunday. Came to Camp Lookout, 20 miles above Gauley and 14 in rear of Camp Sewell, without accident. We failed to draw the rebels out. Our reasons for this movement were want of transportation, want of force, roads almost impassable. We can reoccupy this ground whenever we require. Our troops will fall back nearer to the Gauley and get their pay and clothing. Hold a threatening position, and cut off all assault. The troops you send me will be brigaded, and ready as soon as arrived.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.

WHEELING, October 8, [1861.]

General ROSECRANS:

I learn that the rebel in Calhoun and Wirth have assembled 200 strong, and have killed 7 Union men last week, and are burning property daily. They call for help. Colonel Lighburn's regiment is full; has four companies at Roane Court-House. He was at Point Pleasant. Can you not order his whole regiment in that direction? They are armed and equipped. Let them quarter and feed on the enemy.

F. H. PEIRPOINT.

