
I inclose copies of letters which have passed between Major-General McClellan, Governor Hicks, and myself in regard to the disarming of military companies.* The one at Westminster has been already disarmed by a force sent from this city. All those on the Eastern Shore of Maryland are left to you, and I consider any company drilling in avowed hostility to the Government as coming within the authority given to me by Major-General McClellan and sanctioned by Governor Hicks, though not specifically named in the letter of the latter. The authority conferred on me is hereby delegated to you, not doubting that it will be firmly and discreetly exercised. It will be advisable to consult with our leading friends in the counties in which you adopt these stringent and delicate measures.

You will please report to me the result of every such movement with all convenient dispatch. Should you deem the co-operation of a police force advisable in any case, please notify me, and is shall be provided.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 15, 1861.

Major-General McCLELLAN,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

SIR: Yours of the 14th instant, relative to the construction of bridge trains, has been duly received. Upon inquiry at the Engineer Office I find that one train is now ready for use, and you will consider yourself authorized to give directions to the Engineer Department for the construction of such others as the wants of the service may require. You have full authority to detail the whole or parts of volunteer regiments for engineer service, and will exercise your own discretion in relation thereto. For such service the Department will recommend that Congress give such increased pay as you may determine to be right and proper.

Respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, October 16, 1861.

Brigadier-General NEGLEY,

Pittsburgh, Pa.:

Embark your regiments for the Kanawha to-day. Do not delay for artillery and cavalry; they can follow. We are much disappointed that you did not move on Monday, as expected.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

POOLESVILLE, October 17, 1861-8.20 p.m.

Major-General McCLELLAN,

Commanding Army of Potomac:

A large body of the enemy seems to have suddenly left the vicinity of Leesburg. They took advantage of the thick weather this morning, and their absence was not perceived until this evening.

My impression is that they have marched in the direction of Fairfax, but they may have got off by the Waterford and Hillsborough road.

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*No inclosures found.

---------------

