HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, October 22, 1861.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY,

Grafton, W. Va.:

Proceed with your command to Romney and assume command of the Department of Harper's Ferry and Cumberland until the arrival of Brigadier-General Lander.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

WASHINGTON, October 23, 1861.

Brigadier-General ROSECRANS, U. S. A.,

Camp Tompkins, W. Va.:

Your telegram of 18th received and is satisfactory.* Report of Carnifix also received. All your operations meet entire approval of the General. Subject of Ohio not yet decided. General Kelley's command has been ordered to Romney, in a new department.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR BUDD'S FERRY, October 23, 1861.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit to you a few lines the evening. I went this morning to Stump Neck (directly opposite Cockpit Point), from which point I could see Freestone Point, Shipping Point, and intermediate places.

At Freestone and Cockpit Points are embankments on side hills, the former perhaps 100 and the other 50 feet above the water, but there are no guns or men visible. Midway between Cockpit and Shipping Points is a heavy mortar, mounted on a side hill. The three batteries mentioned in a former report are farther down the river than the mortar. From that point of view I could see guns pointing up the river from Eastport, which were hidden from my view when at Budd's Ferry.

While at Stump Neck there arrived a steamer with a rebel flag flying, and known to be the Geo. Page, which was kept at the mouth of Aquia Creek by the vessels of our fleet. The arrival of this vessels affords the rebels the means of landing troops and artillery across the river to this or a higher point. If large forces are sent across above Mattawoman Creek, or even to Stump Neck, this detachment may be entirely cut off. Colonel commanding the troops here has thus decided to move to near Mattawoman, where the road crossed it. In the mean time a strong cavalry outpost is to remain here to watch the rebels, and I shall prosecute my work of ascertaining the width of the river, &amp;c., as if the command were to remain here, unless interrupted by the enemy crossing.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. WILLIAMSON,

Captain, U. S. Topographical Engineers.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

40 R R-VOL V

