
destroyed from this shore except by the use of mortars. If the Major-General Commanding should determine on having mortars forwarded, be pleased to advise me as early as convenient, that the beds may be in readiness to receive them on their arrival.

The work at Indian Head will be prosecuted at once.

Very respectfully,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Baltimore, Md., November 4, 1861.

Colonel H. E. PAINE,

Commanding Fourth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers:

COLONEL: You will embark this afternoon with your regiment, Captain Nims' company Massachusetts light artillery, and Captain Richards' company of cavalry, with rations for fifteen days, proceed to the Wicomico River, on the Eastern Shore of Maryland, and land at White Haven, in Somerset County, as early as possible on Tuesday morning. You will immediately take up your line of march to Princess Anne, in the same county, and thence to Snow Hill, in Worcester County, so as to reach there by Tuesday night and encamp. Should it be deemed advisable, on consulting with the principal Union men of Princess Anne and Snow Hill, you will march at the earliest hour possible on Wednesday morning to Newtown, on the sough side of Pocomoke River, if you can reach there by 11 o'clock, or if on consultation with the leading Union men at Princess Anne it is thought advisable that you should march to Shelltown or Newtown on Tuesday in preference to Snow Hill, you may do so; but you will in either case have your whole force at Snow Hill on Thursday, and there await my further orders.

The object of the expedition is to give protection to the Union men of Somerset and Worcester Counties, and to prevent the migration or importation of voters from Accomac and Northampton Counties, in Virginia, or elsewhere, with a view to carry the election of the 6th instant by spurious votes. A further object is to aid the United States marshal and his deputies in putting down any open demonstration of hostility to the Government or resistance to its authority. While you will in every proper mode employ the force under your command in effecting these objects, you will see that loyal and peaceable citizens are not molested or interfered with in any manner whatever. Your force is intended for their protection. You will see that it is not perforce is intended for their protection. You will see that it is not perverted by the misconduct of any one under your command to their annoyance. By the fifty-second article of the rules and articles of war any officer or soldier who quits his post to plunder or pillage subjects himself to the penalty of death. If any man under your command so far forgets what is due to himself, his comrades, or his country as to commit any outrage on the person or property of any citizen, you will put him in irons and send him back to these headquarters, that he may be punished, and no longer dishonor his associates and the profession of arms by his presence among you.

In your intercourse with the inhabitants you will do all in your power to correct misapprehension in regard to the intentions of the Government in the war which has been forced on it. Multitudes are laboring under delusions, the fruit of misrepresentations and falsehood, which

41 R R-VOL V

