
you may do much to dispel. Our mission is to uphold the Government against treasonable attempts to subvert it. We wage no war with individuals who are pursuing their peaceable occupations, but with those who are in arms against the United States and those two encourage or aid them in their treason. If any such persons come within your reach you will take them into custody, and send them by the earliest opportunity to Fort McHenry. You will also take into custody in like manner any person who may have come from Virginia or elsewhere beyond the limits of Maryland, and who may be shown to you to have voted or attempted to vote in Somerset or Worcester Counties.

You will take especial care not to interfere in any manner with persons held to servitude, and in order that there may be no cause for misrepresentation or cavil, you will not receive or allow any negro to come within your lines.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS HOOKER'S DIVISION,Camp Baker, Lower Potomac, Maryland, November 4, 1861.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

The rebels have been busy at work to-day on the steamer Page. From this circumstance it is inferred that she suffered some injury from our shot, though that is not conclusive. Additional troops are constantly arriving, so that now in point of numbers they exceed my own. I can see no indications that warrant me in supposing that they will attempt to cross the Potomac. I regret their policy, for I shall be in much better condition to engage them on my own ground than on theirs. Up to this time I have not been able to discover their batteries south of Sandy Point. All is quiet on both sides of the river.

I have concluded to move to a point nearer to the shore of the Potomac, where my presence is most required, which will render it necessary to run the telegraph wire about 5 miles farther than I had at first proposed. It will probably be completed to-morrow.

Very respectfully,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS HOOKER'S DIVISION,Camp Baker, Lower Potomac, Maryland, November 5, 1861.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Intelligence has been received by me that the force sent out to search for concealed arms in the vicinity of Charlotte Hall, under the guidance of Captain Dennis, has been unsuccessful. They extended their search far beyond my instructions, and to-night are at Port Tobacco on their return. As no available cavalry remained in camp for that purpose, I have directed the company to proceed to Allen Fresh, a precinct of some importance, and to remain there until after the polls

