
is skilled in this exercise is equal to seven who are not. I deem it of great importance to impress on our soldiers this feeling of superiority at all times, and particularly when the remembrance of our reverses at Bull Run and Bull's Bluff are so vividly before them. They only consider the result, without reflecting whether those unfortunate fields proceeded from the absence of generalship on the field or the character and conduct of those engaged. The answer returned to my requests has been that the work would be furnished me as soon as printed. This was eight weeks since.

The steamer arrived at noon to-day, and will be discharged as soon as possible.

Who will be assigned as operator at this end of the wires?

Have received your communication of the 5th instant, authorizing me to employ a person conditionally to collect information.

Very respectfully,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

P. S.-I am just informed that my pickets were in error in regard to the departure of the steamer Page. She is still at her moorings in quantico Creek.
HEADQUARTERS HOOKER'S DIVISION,Camp Baker, Lower Potomac, Maryland, November 8, 1861.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

This has been another day of uninterrupted quiet on both sides of the river. All appearances indicate that the rebel force has been considerably reduced within the last few days. They appear to be apprehensive of our crossing the river. For two nights in succession we have heard the long-roll about midnight. Last night it was occasional by the seizure of some boats along the shore of the Potomac by the First Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, and the removal of them to the Mattawoman Creek, where they could be used in discharging the steamer.

I have not been able to complete my arrangements to ascertain in what force the rebels are, but hope to be able to accomplish it soon.

All my cavalry have returned from the posts to which they were assigned on election day, and complied with their instructions to my satisfaction. The company ordered to Leonardtown did not reach their destination in time to be present while the polls were open, in consequence of having been lost, but did good service in making rapid and orderly marches through the settled districts of the Peninsula. This cavalry corps, with good arms and a little training, might be of great service, for it is filled with excellent men. I felt a little apprehension in dispatching them in troops, beyond supporting distance, with no arms of any account but their sabers, and they not skilled in the use of those. They had no disturbance with any one, and their presence at the polls seemed to have given satisfaction to the citizens everywhere.

Perry Davis, the secession candidate for the legislature, was arrested at Port Tobacco and brought in to me for making treasonable speeches during the canvass, but on his assuring me that he made them while running for office in a secession district, and that in case of election, which was probable, he should vote against the ordinance for secession

