
if an opportunity presented itself, I deemed it politic to give him his liberty. Besides, the election was over.

The First Brigade has established its hospitals, which will be able to accommodate all of our sick; and I have given directions for the hospital at Camp Union to be broken up. It has been a source of some annoyance to have my command so much scattered. Shall expect to be able to make a like disposition of Good Hope in a day or two. These remote establishments are alleged as a reason for unusual absence of both my officers and men.

Captain Williamson has returned.

The Second Brigade are gradually concentrating in the vicinity of Sandy Point. In addition to the reason assigned for this disposition yesterday, I may state that discipline is so lax in some of the regiments of that brigade that it is necessary for me to see them oftener than I have heretofore been able to do, and, further, the roads are becoming so muddy that it is necessary for me to reduce the hauling as much as practicable to spare the teams.

Very respectfully,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

CAMP GAULEY MOUNT, November 8, 1861.

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM:

The following came to me in cipher to-day:

WASHINGTON, November 7, 1861.

Brigadier-General ROSECRANS, for BENHAM:

It was order of Scott for you to join Kelley at Romney with the two regiments named by you. Shumard not ordered. I think I was then to be put in charge of opening the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. Am now wounded, and have no idea of my future destination. The report as to my promotion was a send shell. Probably resign soon. The order is on its way.

F. W. LANDER.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,

No. 97. Adjt. General 's Office, Washington, November 9, 1861.

The following departments are formed from the present Departments of the West, Cumberland, and Ohio:

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

5. The Department of Western Virginia, to consist of that portion of Virginia included in the old Department of the Ohio,* to be commanded by Brigadier General W. S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army.

By order:

JULIUS P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Which was so much of the State as lay north of the Great Kanawha, north and west of the Greenbier, and west of a line thence northward to the southwest corner of Maryland, &amp;c. G. O. No. 19, War Department, May 9, 1861. See Vol. II, p.633, of this series, and G. O. No. 80, p.604, this volume.

---------------

