HDQRS. FIRST REG'T MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,November 10, 1861-9 p.m.

GEORGE H. JOHNSTON,.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I make a report of the present condition of things on the other bank, mostly gained from the report of Lieutenant Candler, who has been down the river in a boat to-day. The upper battery, on the bluff above the anchorage of the Page, is growing each day, and men are seen constantly at work upon it. No guns are mounted. On the creeks near the water's edge are small breastworks, some apparently of sand bags. The siege guns of the point battery have been apparently removed. The two guns mounted en barbette, looking up the river, are still there. One of them is very heavy. It has been fired but once, and from the report and its general appearance it is judged to be a 10-inch columbiad. The battery is strongly palisades in the rear and on the flanks. The middle battery is fast approaching completion, and is a formidable work. It mounts five guns at present. It is being finished with sand bags. The lower battery seems not to be entrenched. Four very heavy guns are there mounted en barbette.

Ten distinct lines of camp fires were seen to-night between Quantico Creek and Chopawamsic Creek. The plateau stretching out into the Potomac between the two points seems to be their main position, and their camps lie back from it in the wood between the two creeks.

Below the Chopawamsic, in a distance of 3 miles, are two regiments. Lieutenant Candler went near enough to-day to hail the lowest of them, and learned that it was the Fourth Alabama. He describes the colonel as being a fine-looking man, handsomely uniformed, and mounted on a large, black horse. He saw many cattle on the other shore opposite our position. Just about Quantico Creek is a camp on the other side of the hill, probably of light artillery or cavalry, judging from the number of horses which feed over the hill and the appearance of the men who watch them. Day before yesterday I saw there both gray and blue uniforms. We find many boats on the shore, some of them quite large. My orders are to bring away all that can easily be made serviceable and destroy the remainder. I would also mention that all along the front of the plateau between the two creeks the earth is freshly broken in several places-perhaps for rifle-pits, to resist an attempted landing. Upon the hill back of the lower battery is an earthwork for one gun. No gun mounted.

Yours, respectfully,

GEO. D. WELLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS HOOKER'S DIVISION,Camp Baker, Lower Potomac, Maryland, November 11, 1861.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

Between 9 and 11 o'clock a.m. some of the rebel batteries were in active operation. Three schooners passed up the river under a six-knot breeze without the slightest injury, although thirty-seven heavy guns were discharged to dispute their passage. The crews seemed to entertain a just appreciation of the batteries, for they sailed along with as much unconcern as they would to enter New York Harbor. They do fire wretchedly. Whether it is owing to the projectiles or to the guns I am

