
enemy in that part of Virginia opposite to his post. According to the information given him the aggregate would reach the number of 66,000. I cannot but regard it as a most exaggerated estimate of their forces. Yet I thought it proper to forward it as one of the reports of the day. If correct, it would imply an intention towards aggressive movements, as we have no corresponding forces in that locality. The other suggestion may be of importance..

A few days' fine weather and a change in the location of few regimental camps has greatly improved the condition of this division as to health, as the morning report will show..

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,.

N. P. BANKS,.

Major-General, Commanding Division..

[Inclosure.]

HDQRS. THIRTEENTH MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,.

Williamsport, November 8, 1861.

Major-General BANKS, U. S. A., Commanding Division:.

SIR: I have the honor to report that since my letter inclosed I received the following information:.

At Martinsburg there is 350 militia, and 30 of them mounted. Ashby's command is at Jefferson, 800 strong, some of which are at Duffield's Depot and some at a place called Flowing Spring, this side of Charlestown. There is a large force in the vicinity of Winchester, reported to be five full brigades, of 5,000 men each, under command of General Jackson. General Johnston's command is in their re ar, and said to number 40,000. A reported conversation between two rebel officers at Martinsburg in as follows: To draw General Kelley from Romney over a bridge on the South Branch of the Potomac, and then destroy the bridge and attack him and his forces in the rear. The latter information was conveyed to me by a loyal lady, in a direct manner, from Martinsburg..

I have the honor to be, you obedient servant,.

S. H. LEONARD,.

Colonel..

HDQRS. DIVISION, NEAR SENECA CREEK, MARYLAND,.

November 14, 1861.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,.

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:.

GENERAL: Referring to my orders from the Secretary of War and the Commanding General in reference to the protection of Union men at the polls during the late election, I have the honor to report that I sent detachments of troops, cavalry or infantry, to the following places in Maryland: From Colonel Leonard's command at Williamsport, to Hagerstown and Funkstown; from Colonel Geary's regiment to Sandy Hook, Petersvillee, Jefferson, Urbana, New Market, Bukceystown, and Frederick City; and from the division here, under direction of Major Stone, provost-marshal, to Woodsborough, Myersville, Wolfsville, Emmittsburg, Mechanicstown, Wolf's Tavern, Rockville, and a few other election precincts. No armed [men] went near the polls, and no serious disturbance occurred in this part of the State. At three or four places preparations had been undoubtedly made by disloyal men for an interference.

