
within a week that the rebels have established the camp at its base farthest from the Potomac..

Nearly in rear of Cockpit Point is another infantry encampment. The enemy, I presume, are encamped by regiments, and if the troops resemble other Southern regiments with which I have served, they are small in comparison with our own..

On a reconnaissance from the balloon no doubt I shall be able to furnish you with more specific and satisfactory information..

Nothing has occurred deserving of mention since my report of yesterday..

Lieutenant-Colonel Getty has submitted to me a requisition for lumber to shelter his horses, which I have approved, for the reason that I am in ignorance of the intentions of the Major-

General Commanding as it regards the disposition to be made of this command. If it is to remain here any length of time I would advise the issue, for if this weather continues the loss in horses in a few nights will exceed the cost of the lumber..

In view of Liverpool Point being made the landing place of our supplies, I have seized fourteen boats to serve as lighters, and they are now in charge of the picket at that point..

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

JOSEPH HOOKER,.

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division..

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,.

Numbers 45. Washington, November 16, 1864.

I. No change will be made in the armament established by the chief engineer and chief of artillery for the field works occupied by this army, or any diversion permitted from the original location of the implements, equipments, or ammunition pertaining to the guns of the field works, without the express sanction of the Commanding General..

II. The fort on Upton's Hill will hereafter be known as Fort Ramsay, and that herefore called Fort Ramsay as Fort Cass..

By command of Major-General McClellan:.

S. WILLIAMS,.

Assistant Adjutant-General..

HEADQUARTERS,.

Baltimore, Md., November 19, 1861.

General S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General:.

GENERAL: The letter of Major Van Buren, my assistant adjutant-general, of the 11th instant,* has explained the reason why your communication of the 6th,* in regard to the absorption of the Department of Pennsylvania into others, has not been sooner answered. A brief reference to the others concerning its organization and limits will show why I considered it in existence until your communications were received. Since they came to hand my orders and letters have been dated at headquarters, Baltimore, omitting Department of Pennsylvania. The Department was created by General Orders, Numbers 47, from the War Department, on the 25th of July last. It was composed of a.

---------------

*Not found..

---------------

