
quo, they will be better prepared to appreciate the friends who have done it..

General Thomas ordered General Cox to send the three Ohio regiments longest in Western Virginia to Covington, Ky., and General Reynolds to send five regiments from his line, without even notice to me of it. When I telegraphed, asking his meaning, he replied it was a mistake. Now I have a telegram saying copies of those were forwarded to be my mail, and that eight regiments will go from my command. I have telegraphed to know if I am to have the selection. When I receive the reply I will be able to say how many troops are to be brigaded..

As to plans, they are to hold Kanawha Valley and the Gauley Pass, with its outlets towards Raleigh and Sewell; to hold Cheat Mountain Pass on both roads; to hold Romney and the Red-House Pass; guard the railroads; put the Mud River and Guyandotte Vallyes in order, and recruits and discipline the regiments that have been worn down and thinned out by casualties and discharges for disability. The first necessity will be to apply the examination provided for by law, and get rid of the lazy, cowardly, slothful, and worthless officers who infest our army. This will require you os end me a few more regular officers. Should any opportunity officer, my intention was to take all my spare regiments on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad for winter questers, but if they are to be required elsewhere, well..

My dear general, this is addressed directly to you, because I thought it possible such might have been your intention for short time. You will assist me very greatly in preparing my troops for the coming season if you will let me knox what brigadiers you can assign me..

You must observe that Colonel McCook does not want to be acting. General Benham will never to when there is any great or dangerous enterprise. I have tried him sufficiently, and will never trust him more. General Schenck has gone home dangerously ill. General Cox is the only reliable man here, and General Reynolds and General Kelley are in the eastern end of the department. There should be one more brigadier-general here and one on the other line. The portion of Ohio contiguous to Virginia ought to belong to this department. Please let me know what troops are to be taken from the command and who is to select them..

Send me one or two brigades, an aide-de-camp, and an order giving so much of Ohio to this department as may enable me to have such points as Cincinnati for hospital and headquarters of staff; Gallipolis, Marietta, and Bellaire for the use of depots, hospitals, &amp;c. I did not know but you might wish to give me Kentucky, but see you have a better man..

Very truly and respectfully, your obedient servant,.

W. S. ROSECRANS,.

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army..

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,.

MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE,.

November 20, 1861.

General S. WILLIAMS,.

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to your instructions of November 12, I directed Surg. C. C. Kentucky to repair to.

42 R R-VOL V.

