
As above seen, these grounds present superior advantages over all others. First, in a sanitary point of view, their locality would present a smaller sick report; would add more to the comforts of the sick, as all bad cases could be treated in the city of Frederick, and, if need be, could easily be conveyed to Baltimore or Washington by railway; and all supplies can be easily, quickly, and at all times procured from the cities of Baltimore and Washington..

CHAS. C. KEENEY,.

Surgeon, U. S. Army..

HEADQUARTERS,.

Baltimore, Md., November 20, 1861.

Honorable S. P. CHASE, Secretary of the Treasury:.

SIR: The people of Accomac County have submitted to the authority of the United States. The people of Northampton will, I am confident, follow the good example of their neighbors, and I hope to see a loyal member of Congress from this part of Wise's district in his seat next winter. Our troops have been thus far well received. In Northampton there may be a rally on the part of the Confederates, but I think not. I look for a peaceable submission..

Will you give orders to the Light-House Board to re-establish the light on Cape Charles? Our troops will be there this week. There are two other lights which have been extinguished. Your immediate attention to this matter is earnestly requested, as I am anxious to see the old order of thinks resorted as soon as possible..

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

JOHN A. DIX,.

Major-General..

HEADQUARTERS,.

Baltimore, November 20, 1861.

Honorable M. BLAIR, Postmaster-General:.

SIR: The people of Accomac County have submitted to the authority of the United States. I have no doubt the people of Northampton County will do likewise. Can you not authorize the mail to be carried from Snow Hill to Eastville? Our troops a re in all probability in the latter place to-day. I am anxious that the old order of thinks should be promptly re-established, and that a loyal member of Congress from this part of Wise's district should be returned in December. The postmasters of Salisbury and Show Hill can easily arrange the matter of the mail if authorized by you..

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

JOHN A. DIX,.

Major-General..

SENECA CREEK, MD., November 21, 1861.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS, Army of the Potomac:.

SIR: In communicating to you, for the information of the Commanding General, Colonel Leonard's report of the rebel forces in Northern.

