
Virginia, near Winchester, I remarked that I had sent Mr. Strother, is the employ of the Topographical Department, to make further inquiries. His report I have the honor to inclose. It gives a correct view of affairs there I think, and nothing would delight this division more than to make the expedition to Winchester which is suggested by him and which I believe to be entirely feasible..

I have the honor to be, with mush respect, your obedient servant,.

N. P. BANKS,.

Major-General, Commanding Division..

[Inclosure.]

HANCOCK, MD., November 18, 1861.

Major General N. P. BANKS:

SIR: I have received the following intelligence from Virginia, which I believe to be entirely reliable. It is the statement of an intelligent and loyal gentleman who has returned from Richmond through Winchester, where he was in pursuance of some private business..

When Romney was taken the citizens of Winchester, apprehending the occupation of their town, sent to General Johnston for a force to protect them. He positively declined sending any. Influential citizens of Winchester then applied to the Secretary of War at Richmond, who granted their request to the extent of ordering Jackson with his brigade to their assistance..

My information said the brigade near Winchester numbered, according to his estimate, 4,000 men. This is the highest estimate I have heard of this force, and it is probably overstated..

On arriving at Winchester, General Jackson immediately called out the militia en masse; all were between the ages of sixteen an sixty. This call has been very feebly responded to, and the force thus collected is thought to be utterly worthless except for show. In face of an enemy it would be rather a disadvantage then an assistance. With his force Jackson is making a demonstration in the direction of Romney, probably as far as Hanging Rock, on the Cacapon River..

General Jackson is reported to have said that the militia of the district ought to be able to defend it. This with Johnston's refusal to send the regular troops from Manassas seems to indicate that there would be no effort to hold, much less to retake, Winchester if assailed or occupied by any considerable force of United States troops..

My farther is confident that the advanced of 5,000 men, with cavalry and artillery, from Harper's Ferry would sweep the valley, occupy Winchester, and, if made with secrecy and celerity, might cut off Jackson's whole force..

My informant also says the Union sentiment, hitherto suppressed in and about Winchester, is against becoming clamorous and restive..

The officer in command here tells me that he has had a letter from General Kelley, at Romney, stating his force at 11,000 men..

The conduct of the militia at Harper's Ferry and at Romney justify fully the opinion above expressed of their of 1,500 or 2,000 fled before Kelley's advance of 130 cavalry, firing only a few scattering shots and making no serious resistance, leaving everything-arms, baggage, and artillery-in the hands of the Union troops..

It is supposed here at Kelley will take Winchester within ten days. This of course is mere supposition. He is advancing his outposts 15 or 20 miles on the line of the river and railroad, repairing the railway as he advances. He has also, according to reports, advanced on the Winchester road to same distance..

