
I have heard nothing further of the force reported to have moved from Leesburg toward Winchester, but suppose it may occupy some strategic point, ready to act on either point (Leesburg or Winchester) that circumstances might indicate-Snickersville, possibly..

I have no doubt myself that if a strong demonstration was made on Winchester Jackson would either retire or be taken, and the position remain in our hands without further dispute..

This intelligence of the Confederate forces in the valley is the most recent, and I have full reliance on its general accuracy..

I submit the above with respect..

Yours, &amp;c.,.

DAVID H. STROTHER,.

Assistant Topographical Engineer, U. S. Army..
HEADQUARTERS,.

Baltimore, November 21, 1861.

Honorable S. P. CHASE, Secretary of the Treasury:.

SIR: I wrote to you yesterday in regard to the re-establishment of the light on Cape Charles. I write now to ask whether vessels may not go from this city under the usual custom-house restrictions to Accomac County and to Northampton as soon as the authority of the Government is re-established there. The inhabitants are in want of many of the necessaries of life, and by bringing about open intercourse with Maryland and other loyal States the object we have in view will bee promoted..

Asking an early reply, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

JOHN A. DIX,.

Major-General..

CAMP GAULEY MOUNTAIN, VA.,November 21, 1861.

Major-General McCLELLAN:.

Since Numbers 14 Captain Raynolds in with flag of truce. Found rebels on Piney, 5 miles south of Raleigh. Union man from Richmond by Meadow Bluff reports only 600 effective there. Defenses 4 miles nearer Lewisburg. Greatest defense impassable roads. The pack-mule train would be extremely serviceable for enterprise. I could put some afoot very soon. The two wants for this region are the shelter-knapsacks and pack-mile train. If nothing prevents will have them..

W. S. ROSECRANS,.

Brigadier-General..

NOVEMBER 22, 1861.

Brigadier General J. J. REYNOLDS, Huttonsville, W. Va.:

The order you received from General Thomas has been superseded by an apology and an order directing six Ohio and two Indiana regiments to be taken this department, effective, at my discretion. Designate the two Indiana and one Ohio you would recommend being sent from your command, and say how soon you can conveniently spare them. I learn you stampeded the rebels at the Greenbrier Bridge last week. We have chased Floyd, and with good conduct on the part of.

