
ably accumulates in such places. All noise,* smoke, and dust, attendant upon building the fires the tent are avoided; there are no currents of cold air, and the heat is to equally diffused, that no difference can be perceived between the temperature of each end or side of the tent. Indeed, the advantages of this mode of warming the hospital tents are so obvious, that it needs only to be seen in operation to convince any observer that it fulfills everything required as regards the warming of hospital tents, and I respectfully ask you to appoint a commissioner to examine the hospital tents of of the Eighth Brigade, and ascertain by observation the justness of this report.

The whole cost to the Government of constructing the above apparatus for the four hospitals of the Eighth Brigade is the cost of 112 feet, 1 foot wide, of sheet-iron, one barrel of lime, and four sheet-iron doors, the stone and brick were picket up by the men, who likewise did all the labor.

By this plan floors to the tent are rendered unnecessary; the ground within the tent is kept perfectly dry, and the temperature can be regulated by increasing or diminishing the fires; all smoke, dust, and noise within the tent are obviated; the flues may be carried through a ranged of five or six tents, making one fire all that is necessary for each set. If the description of this furnace cannot be understood, and it is deemed expedient to put them in general operation, Dr. Mcruer might be temporarily detached from his brigade to construct a model in each division in the Army..

I have further to recommend that the men should be required to make daily use of desiccated vegetables in their soups. Where fresh vegetables are to be had, this is not necessary, but in the winter season a sufficient supply of fresh vegetables cannot be depended upon. Soup should form a daily part of a soldier's dinner, and a liberal portion of desiccated vegetables should enter into its composition. Soup requires three and one-half hours for its proper preparation; volunteers will not take so much trouble unless it is enjoined upon them by a positive order, and also made the duty of the company officers to see that it is done. Cold weather and the want of vegetable food are almost sure to engender scurvy. If it is possible to supply an additional allowance of blankets, it would contribute essentially to the preservation of the health of the men..

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

CHAS. S. TRIPLER,.

Surgeon and Medical Director, Army of the Potomac..

HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,.

Baltimore, Md., November 28, 1861.

Brigadier General H. H. LOCKWOOD, Commanding Eastern Shore:.

GENERAL: Your dispatches of the 26th instant,* by Captain Knight, are received. It is natural that our Union friends in Accomac County should feel nervous and desire to get rid of their late oppressors. While we look calmly and dispassionately to important and more remote results, we must do all we can, consistently with our public pledges to the people of Accomac and Northampton, to give courage to those who desire to place the affairs of the counties on their former footing. In the language of the proclamation, the Government asks that its authority may be recognized. In pursuance of this purpose we have a right to require, as you have done, that those who are in the execution of public trusts should take the oath of allegiance. If they refuse, they decline to recognize the authority of the Government, and can claim none of the benefits or immunities promised by the proclamation. On the contrary, be seeking to defeat the very object for.

---------------

*Not found..

---------------

