
MEANS OF WATER TRANSPORTATION OBSERVED AT THE WHARVES, IN THE CANAL, ETC..

An agent employed be me reports nine steamers, four of which, however, are identical with the last four just named, which are generally small propellers or tugs, but which he thinks would tow barges enough to carry 15,000 men. He finds nine Schuylkill barges, each of which will carry 400 or 500 men, and eighteen coal boats, capable of carrying 200 men each. He thinks that in a week he could collect, not counting the Navy Department vessels, means to transport down the Potomac 20,000 men..

From the foregoing statements it will be see:.

1st. That if Burnside's fleet is counted as available for our purposes, nothing additional is requisite except ten or twelve Schyulkill barges, most of which can be found here and the balance made up from coal and wood barges..

2nd. That be use of what the Navy and quartermaster could furnish, and by collection of barges and schooner usually to be found, transportation for 20,000 men could be had at short notice..

It would seem that with the number of steamers usually available and other craft to be found there was no actual necessity for further collections. With a view, however, to being independent of hasty collections, and having on hand a cheap class of vessels, admirably calculated either for carrying men or freight, and which will make existing steam power capable of doing an indefinite amount of work, it would be a good step to purchase from the Pennsylvania canals twenty of their large barges, which can be arranged, on a draught of 5 feet water or 6 at utmost, to carry 500 or 1,000 men; also to collect 50 landing boats, capable of carrying 40 men each..

To carry out these views, or whatever views the Commanding General may adopt, a special agent should be appointed, who should be either a member of the Quartermaster's Department or a Navy officer. Such an officer as Lieutenant Phelps, U. S. Navy, who assisted me in establishing ferries, &amp;c., would be admirably calculated. Lieutenant Wyman, lately of the Potomac flotilla, expressed a desire to serve with the army..

Mr. Cathcart, a clerk in the Treasury Department, is a nautical man, full of expedients and resources, and very familiar with the Potomac River and Chesapeake and Ohio Canal; he would be a very proper man for this service..

Respectfully submitted..

J. G. BARNARD,.

Brigadier-General, Chief Engineer, Army of Potomac..

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,.

Numbers 161. Washington, November 28, 1864.

* * * * *

6. Brigadier General P. St. Geo. Cooke, U. S. Army, having reported to these headquarters, in compliance with instructions from the headquarters of the Army, is assigned to the command of the regular cavalry serving in the Army of the Potomac..

* * * * *

16. The division of Major-General Banks will take up a position at or int he vicinity of Frederick City, to be selected by the division com-

