
Second. At this point, entrenched post, Forty-seventh Ohio, under Poschner; one 20-pounder Parrott and two howitzers..

Third. At Gauley Bridge, Twenty-eighth [Ohio], Colonel Moor, entrenched..

Fourth. At Summersville and Cross-Lanes, Thirty-sixth [Ohio], Colonel Crook..

Fifth. At Cannelton and west side of Kanawha, Thirty-seventh [Ohio], Colonel Siber, in barns and houses, made in cantonments; supervision of country from Loop to Cabin Creek..

Sixth. At Camp Piatt, opposite the Boone and Kanawha turnpike and head of ordinary steamboat navigation, Forty-fourth [Ohio], Colonel Gilbert..

Seventh. At Charleston and Kanawha River, with supervision of the defenses of the valley, to Brigadier-General Cox, whose brigade will be quartered in the vicinity of Charleston; Eighth Virginia at Buffalo..

Eighth. At Point Pleasant, Fourth Virginia, Colonel Lightburn..

Ninth. At Barboursville and Mud River, Thirty-fourth Ohio, Colonel Piatt..

Tenth. At Guyandotte, Second Virginia Cavalry, Colonel Bolles..

Eleventh. At Ceredo, Fifth Virginia at present..

Ont he other line, Brigadier-General Reynolds at Beverly, one regiment by detail and in turn at Cheat, one at Elk Water, one at Huttonsville, two at Beverly, and one at Philippi. At Romney, Kelley re-enforced by two Indiana regiments and a battery. The points for enterprises appear to be Wytheville, Logan Court-House, and Kelley's front..

I urgently beg for a few regular officers to form an examining commission. Major Slemmer is near the point of death from typhoid fever. He is at a private house, 5 miles from Beverly. His wife is with him. If he recovers, it will be two months at least before he can do any duty..

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

W. S. ROSECRANS,.

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army..

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICER,.

Washington, D. C., November 30, 1861.

Brigadier General W. S. ROSECRANS,.

Commanding Dep's W. Va., Camp Gauley Mountain:.

SIR: Your several communications have been considered by the General-in-Chief, and the following are his instructions and remarks:.

Int he orders heretofore sent you the Kentucky regiments were not included, but only Ohio and Indiana regiments, in the detachments to be made by you to Kentucky..

At present it is impracticable to designate any other brigadier-general for your department, but it will be done as soon as possible. Please suggest the names of any colonels of your command who may be suitable for that appointment..

You will please detach from your command the following troops: The regular battery of artillery, commanded by Captain Howard, Fourth Artillery, to report to Brigadier-General Kelley at Romney. Order the regular battery commanded by Captain Mack, Loomis' volunteer battery (Michigan), and four more infantry regiments to Kentucky, making in all twelve regiments to Kentucky, to report to Brigadier-General Buell..

