
and work near Benning's Bridge are nearly or quite done, and garrisons may be assigned. The gap between Benning's Bridge work and Fort Stanton is being filled up by three or four works now under construction..

I dwell on this matter somewhat, since, if the army moves, particularly if it makes a flank movements, leaving the enemy in front, the measures for defense of the city cannot be too carefully taken..

Now as to the expedition: Considering the great difficulty of transporting at one time large numbers, the confusion which will attend the landing, and consequent difficulty of getting the columns into prompt marching order after landing, with our new troops, if the numbers are great, I should be disposed to make the first descent with a comparatively small but select corps, not over 20,000-at outside 30,000 men..

Let it be supposed the latter number is adopted. How shall the movement be made so as to attract least attention in its preparations and to deceive the enemy as to their object?

General Burnside's force I suppose to be about 10,000 men. His flotilla, including his seven sailing vessels and five floating batteries, will carry that number. (In my former memorandum I estimated 15, 350, but I now exclude the surf-boats and launches and diminish the numbers, as I then estimated for a short voyage, not leaving the Potomac.)

I suppose there would be three batteries and, say, 1,000 cavalry accompanying this division..

I suppose that, among the large steamers about Baltimore, the additional transportation for this artillery and cavalry could be found. If so, we have a force of 10,000 or 11,000, with artillery and cavalry, provided for..

For a second column, I think I would embark it from the Port Tobacco River. The concentration of troops under Hooker would cover a movement that way, and it would threaten the Potomac batteries..

The Navy will furnish four side-wheel steamers and the Stepping Stones, which will carry 3,500..

The quartermaster's Department has seven steamers, which will carry 5,000, and, collecting the eight or nine Schuylkill barges to be found here and schooners and tugboats, so doubtless transportation could be commanded for 10,000 men, with three batteries of artillery and 1,000 cavalry. You will observe my estimates are much lower than before, for then I was considering an operation restricted to the Potomac and of not more than 50 or 60 miles..

Now for additional numbers: I am inclined to think it is easier to carry troops to New York (twelve hours), embark them there, and make but one thing of it, than to bring the shipping to Annapolis or the Potomac. However that may be, if it is determined that the additional number shall be 10,000 men or 20,000 men, or more, I would command the transportation at once in New York, the place where everything can be had in unstinted quantities and of the most suitable kind. All sea steamers (not otherwise chartered), the large sound steamers, the large North River, sound, and coasting propellers, can be had there; and there all the appliances to fit them for troops, horses, &amp;c., can be quickest made..

Perhaps the best way, therefore, would be to commence at once and send the troops, artillery and cavalry, to Fort Monroe, to hold themselves ready for shipment at a moment's notice; to order the transportation necessary in New York..

According to the foregoing propositions, there would be three columns ready for a simultaneous movement: 10,000 at Annapolis, 10,000 at Port.

