
because of its being the dividing line between the Department of Kentucky and Western Virginia, and because the character of the warfare required too much detail and division of troops to occupy the time and attention of the commanders of departments, and we are satisfied that a general who would avant himself of the peculiar characteristics of the inhabitants would do more to clear that region or rebellion than large armies directed by military science and skill..

The valleys of the Sandy and the Guyandotte have been highways through which the rebels have introduced arms and munitions of war ever since the rebellion started tot heir armies menacing the camps at Gauley and Sewell Mountain. .

We believe a brigadier, with latitudinous powers, if possessed of shrewdness, a capacity to seize and avail himself of the occurrences passing, with the mental constitution and mannerism to inspire the people with respect and confidence, not hampered or thwarted by officers near him, would, with the military material now there and which he could gather, clear the country of roving banditti now infesting it, and restore civil government, law, and order..

We therefore pray your excellency to erect a new military department, to be called the Department of Big Sandy; commit it to the charge of a brigadier-general, to take command of the Fourth and Fifth Virginia Volunteer Infantry; the First Virginia Volunteer Cavalry; the volunteers in Kentucky, in the region described-being the regiments commanded by Honorable L. T. Moore and Colonel Wilson-and that the region of country named, together with such adjacent counties in Ohio, be the bounds of such new department..

And as in duty bound will ever pray, &amp;c..

F. H. PEIRPOINT,.

Governor of Virginia,.

By H. I. SAMUELS,.

Adjutant-General of Virginia.

H. I. SAMUELS,.

Adjutant-General of Virginia.

RALPH LUTE,.

Of Ohio..

HEADQUARTERS HOOKER'S DIVISION,.

Camp Baker, Lower Potomac, Maryland, December 6, 1861.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,.

Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:.

GENERAL: I have to-day dispatched a squadron of the Third Indiana Cavalry to take post at Millstone Landing, with instructions to radiate from that point in all directions and at all times, and to visit all places deserving of notice lying near the coast between Port Tobacco and Lookout. The command is under Major Chapman, of that regiment. they will intercept all contraband trade and correspondence, and arrest persons concerned in it, and all traitors, and send them under guard to camp. For this service I prefer cavalry to infantry, for they move with more celerity, and can do more service than three times the number on foot. They can encounter no resistance in this part of Maryland they cannot overcome, and by moving rapidly they inspire more fear than can a column of infantry..

With the roads in their present condition it is of great consequence to detach the smallest possible force necessary, from the difficulty in.

