
FREDERICK, MD., December 16, 1861-9 o'clock..

Colonel LEONARD, Williamsport:.

Let the Illinois regiment go at once. Be ready to move yourself. Messenger on the road..

N. P. BANKS,.

Major-General, Commanding Division..

FREDERICK, MD., December 16, 1861-10 p. m..

.

Colonel LEONARD, Commanding at Williamsport:.

SIR: We have report to-night at 9 o'clock that General Kelley may be attacked to-night-perhaps from Winchester. Be ready to assist him with all your disposable force. The Fifth Connecticut Regiment will leave at daybreak for your post, with a section of artillery. You can order them on to Romney, if necessary, and call upon us for more troops, if they are wanted. Do not fail to be ready to move at the first call. Send messengers towards Kelley for news and telegraph us often. The Adjutant-General telegraphs to-night that you should dispose of the arms sent to Williamsport as follows: Three thousand for the Lamon brigade; two thousand to be sent to Romney, by the way of Hancock, for the Pennsylvania regiments. This was the first order, and it is repeated again to-night be telegraph. Be on the alert, and keep us posted. We had a verbal report from Colonel Link, Twelfth Indiana, that rebels threatened to cross the river to-night at or near Sharpsburg. Do you know that danger of that kind exists? The messenger said he had lost his dispatches, but gave us the substance..

Very truly, yours,.

N. P. BANKS,.

Major-General, Commanding Division..

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,.

Washington, December 18, 1861.

Brigadier General W. S. ROSECRANS, U. S. A., Wheeling, Va.:

The General-in-Chief says it is not necessary for you to come to Washington. General Buell has made dispositions for the Big Sandy Valley. Co-operate with him if necessary, and also look to valley of Guyandotte, especially Logan Court-House. .

L. THOMAS,.

Adjutant-General..

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,.

Numbers 56. Washington, December 19, 1861.

I. Inasmuch as some misunderstanding appears to prevail on the subject of passes within the limits of this army, the existing r emulations on the subject are republished for the benefit of all concerned..

1. No civilian can cross the Potomac into Virginia without a pass signed by the provost-marshal of Washington, or given at these headquarters, or at the headquarters of the army..

Civilians not suspected of disloyalty do not need a pass to enable them to travel within the section of country north of the Potomac..

