
the night, I conclude that no great damage was done. The vessels withdrew at daylight. Their fire was not returned..

* * * * *

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,.

JOSEPH HOOKER,.

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division..

FAYETTEVILLE, VA., January 9, 1862.

Captain GEORGE L. HARTSUFF,.

Asst. Adjt. General, U. S. Army, Hdqrs. Dept. of W. Va.:

SIR: I regret to say that the railroad expedition has for the present been prevented by the absolutely impassable condition of the roads. At the time appointed for the march a heavy fall of snow made it improper to commence so long a march as was contemplated, and Dr. Hayes, the brigade surgeon, was of opinion that only the last necessity would justify it. Since then we have had rain; the snow has disappeared, but the rain is unceasing, and the roads mud..

My efforts to obtain information have been unceasing. I have now scouts trying to get the railroad. I think they will succeed. Major Comly, at Raleight, is untiring in making reconnaissance, sending out scouts, and swearing Union men. The Twenty-sixth leaves as soon as possible and within the time for which I was permitted to keep them. Notwithstanding their departure, I will go to Princeton as soon as the roads permit..

The militia are called out in the adjacent counties south, but I fancy that the result of the call will not be dangerous, although it necessitates more watchfulness on our part. I think that the people here are under the impression that rebellion is not a success. Even the disloyal in Southwestern Virginia think so, and the entering upon successive points of the road south as if we meant to stay there without fear, though prepared for serious opposition, indicates something stronger than bushwhacking. The condition of this command is in most respects good. The efforts to keep up efficient guards is attended with more difficulty than anything else..

We have not yet succeed in finding the arms left near Dickerson's. There are there, I think, some 200 or 300 muskets. Entrenching tools in considerable numbers have been found buried, and the search for arms still continues.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,.

E. P. SCAMMON,.

Colonel, Commanding Third Provisional Brigade..

FREDERICK, January 10, 1862-8.30 p. m..

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN, Commanding:

Dispatch received.+ General Williams telegraphs from General Kelley, 7.30 p. m., that Loring was 18 miles from Romney, Winchester road. Lander falling back on Cumberland. Three regiments, one section artillery, marched this morning of Romney. Two cavalry companies move.

---------------

*Some matters of detail omitted..

+Not found.

---------------

