
Sleepy Creek, one company cavalry.

Back Creek, two companies cavalry.

Cherry Run, one company cavalry: Clear Spring, six companies infantry, two guns.

Dam Numbers 5, one company cavalry.

Four Locks, one company cavalry.

Williamsport, two companies cavalry, two companies infantry.

Sheafersville, one company cavalry.

Total, twelve companies (one regiment) cavalry; ten companies infantry (one regiment).

Hagerstown, one brigade (?) and two guns.

LOWER DEPARTMENT.

Dam Numbers 4, one company cavalry.

Shepherd's Island, two companies cavalry.

Antietan, one company cavalry, two companies infantry.

Two Locks, one company cavalry.

Sandy Hook, two companies cavalry, six companies infantry, two guns.

Berlin, one company cavalry.

Point of Rocks, two companies cavalry, two companies infantry.

Monocacy Village, one company cavalry.

Monocacy mouth, one company cavalry.

Total,twelve companies (one regiment) cavalry; ten companies infantry (one regiment).
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION, Frederick, January 21, 1864.

Major-General McCLELLAN,Commander-in-Chief U. S. Army:

GENERAL: Major Perkins, Captain Abert, and Colonel Geary yesterday made an examination of the river at Harper's Ferry, to ascertain definitely the practicability of crossing at that point. They agree that in the present condition of the river it is impracticable there, and in this conclusion I concur. They also present at my request a report upon the subject and a plan for bridges, to which I would ask serious attention. There are many difficulties attending the use of canal-boats, and in the end they will cost the Government more than proper material easy of transportation, that will be safe and available at any point and any hour. Captain Abert will present the report to you at your convenience.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

[Inclosure.]

DIVISION HEADQUARTERS, Frederick, Md., January 20, 1862.

Major General N . P. BANKS,

Commanding Division of Army of Potomac, Frederick, Md.:

GENERAL: In obedience to your verbal orders of yesterday evening, the undersigned proceeded to Harper's Ferry to-day, and made examina-

45 R R-VOL V

