
to do it in. I must know if I am to have the co-operation of the flotilla, and to what extent. If so, I must have an interview with the captain commanding, and have an understanding, that we may act in concert. Nor is the night auspicious, for a boat is visible on the water for a greater distance than the width of this river. I have on reasons for preferring the mode of attack already suggested by me except those furnished.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

DIVISION HEADQUARTERS, Frederick, Md., February 17, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,.

Secretary of War:

SIR: On the day I received your instructions to report the condition of my division with reference to advance movements, orders were issued to increase its artillery and effect an immediate exchange of inefficient for efficient arms. So much uncertainty attends the execution of orders issued, that I deemed proper to defer a final answer to your inquiries until the full effect of these orders should be ascertained..

It gives me infinite pleasure now to inform you that my division, so far as my armament is concerned, is in condition for any service. Instead of four 6-pounder smooth-bore guns, I have now with the troops at Frederick three full batteries of 10-pounder Parrotts, and these, with the guns accompanying the different detachments on the river, which we actively guard and defend for more than 100 miles, will constitute an artillery force of five full batteries available for active service. Imperfect muskets are in daily process of exchange for good weapons. The health of the division is not surpassed by any division in the Army, and the men have a very sharp appetite for work.

Altogether I am happy to report my division in excellent condition for hard work.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS HOOKER'S DIVISION, Camp Baker, Lower Potomac, Maryland, February 17, 1862-12 m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

The steamer Columbia, with four barges, arrived at Liverpool Point at 9 o'clock last night. She reports that the remaining six barges will arrive some time to-day.

When in Washington last the Major-General Commanding reported that an experiment was being made to have these barges bridged to enlarge their capacity for transportating troops, but as no frames have arrived for that purpose, I conclude the project has been abandoned. I request that I may be informed if it has been ascertained by experiment, or only by measurement, that ten barges of the class sent me can transport 4,000 troops. As the experiment here will attract attention, I have been indisposed to make it.

The rain of to-day indicates that a favorable moment for my enter-

