
SANDY HOOK, February 28, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Your dispatch received. I propose to occupy Charlestown and Bunker Hill, so as to cover the rebuilding of the railway, while I throw over the supplies necessary for an advance in force. I have just men enough to accomplish this. I could not at present supply more.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

SANDY HOOK, February 28, 1862. (Received 9.30 p. m.).

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President:

It is impossible for many days to do more than supply the troops now here and at Charleston. We could not supply and move to Winchester for many days, and had I moved more troops here they would have been at a loss for food on the Virginia side. I know that I have acted wisely, and that you will cheerfully agree with me when I explain. I have arranged to establish depots on that side so we can do what we please. I have secured opening of the road.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Washington, February 28, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

SIR: I have received the following from General McClellan this morning:

SANDY HOOK, February 27, 1862.

General R. B. MARCY:

It being impossible to build a bridge of canal-boats, as well as impossible to unload and take across the river with sufficient promptness the supplies needed by our large force, on account of the very limited space, I have determined on the course, I indicated to the President and Secretary of War, viz, to cover the opening of the railway and the rebuilding of its bridges. In the mean time depots can be established, which will make an advance easy. But thins requires time. The fact that canal-boats could not be used was ascertained only to-day, and I regarded the other projected operations as too important to be deferred for the time necessary to accomplish this, which can be done at any time hereafter, the railway being meanwhile opened.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

CHARLESTOWN, February 28, 1862-12.30 p .m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have decided to occupy this town permanently, and am arranging accordingly. I make other arrangements on the right which render

