
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, A. G. O.,

Numbers 23. Washington, March 3, 1862.

I. The eastern limits of the Department of Western Virginia are extended so as to embrace the valleys of the South Branch of the Potomac and of the Cow Pasture Branch of James River, the valley of the James River to the Balcony Falls, the valley of the Roanoke west of the Blue Ridge, and the New River Valley. The eastern boundary of the said department will be then as follows: Commencing at the north, the Flinstone Creek, in Maryland; the South Branch Mountain; Town Hill Mountain; Branch Mountain, or Big Ridge; the North, or Shenandoah Mountain; Purgatory Mountain; Blue Ridge; Alleghany Mountains to the borders of North Carolina.

* * * *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTOwN, March 4, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN SEDGWICK:

DEAR SIR: General Williams, commanding third brigade of my division, has probably reached Martinsburg. My belief is that he arrived there with his full force last night; if so, he has at his command 5,000 troops, and will probably to-day move on and occupy Bunker Hill. This by order of General McClellan. As soon as he moves we shall place ourselves in supporting distance and stand ready to advance upon Winchester at any moment. I desire you to place your division within supporting distance of Berryville, to which point we shall direct our force. If will give me pleasure to confer with you and your officers, if you please, either here or at Harper's Ferry as you please, and will do so upon the receipt of your answer.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. TWENTY-EIGHTH REGIMENT PA. VOLS., Lovettsville, Va., March 4, 1862.

Major R. MORRIS COPELAND,Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In pursuance of the original intention of preventing the rebels who had infested this vicinity and that towards Leesburg from carrying out their designs of molesting our troops under transportation in trains on the Maryland side of the river, my command has held a from and decided position at hits point, keeping in check about 4,000 rebels who threatened us from Leesburg. It becomes necessary that I should hold this place a few days longer, as I have reliable information that the enemy has expressed a determination to attempt a repetition of their attacks upon the cars in the employ of our Government daily passing over the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad,and by a bold dash put into execution a plan they have concocted to cross the river in boats and destroy a portion of the road and several viaducts, which would greatly cripple the progress on the main line of our operations. After consummating this their intention was to evacuate Leesburg and go farther south.

A general expression of loyalty has transpired in this county, and joyous manifestations of fealty to the old Government have greeted us,

