
mation of army corps. It is absolutely necessary that I should at once move divisions as they stand. If you require me to suspend movements until army corps can be formed I will do so, but I regard it as a military necessity that the divisions should move to the front at once, without waiting for the formation of army corps. If it is your order as soon as possible. I intended to do so to-morrow, but circumstances have changed. If you desire it I will at once countermand all the order I have given for an advance until the formation of army corps is completed. I have only to add that the orders I have given to-night to advance early in the morning will be dictated solely by the present position of affairs. If the leave to suspend the order be granted,there will be no unreasonable delay in the formation of army corps. I await your reply here. If you so direct that I may countermand my orders at once, please reply at once.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., March 110, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN,

Hall's Hill:

GENERAL: I do not understand the President's order as restraining you from any military movement by divisions or otherwise that circumstances in your judgment may render expedient, and I certainly do not wish to delay or change any movement whatever that you have made or desire to make. I only wish the President has ordered to be pursued . But if you think that the terms of the order to be pursued. But if you think that the terms of the orders as it stands would operate to be made before the army corps are formed, I will assume the responsibility of suspending the order for that purpose, according to your own judgment, without stopping to form the army corps.

My desire is that you should exercise every power that you think present circumstances require to be exercised, without delay; but I want that you I shall not seem to be desirous of opposing an order of the President without necessity. I say, therefore, move just as you thinks best now, and let the other matter stand until it can be done without impeding movements.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HALL'S HILL, March 10, 1862-2.50 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your reply received. The troops are in motion. I think you for your dispatch. It relieves me much, and you will be convinced that I have not asked too much of you.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

