
pairs of railway, and obtain his supplies by that. The troops are now well please and doing well. The great difficulty is about forage; there is absolutely none in the country. Richmond Whig of 6th constrains a reprint from Charleston Mercury violently attacking Jeff. Davis.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, March 12, 1862.

Honorable JOHN TUCKER:

Please be ready to see that the vessels are properly arranged as they arrive and arrangements made for the rapid embarkation of troops and artillery at Alexandria, Georgetown, Fort Corcoran, Washington, &amp;c. Will communicate in detail in very few hours.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

SEMINARY, March 12, 1862-8 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,.

Secretary of War:

I have been waiting some time expecting to be able to inform you that his artillery was on board and the infantry rapidly embarking. Everything going on in good order and expeditiously. Still I find capacity of many transports overrated.

GEO. B. McCLLLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, March 12, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,.

Secretary of War:

I have sent for commanders of army corps designated by the President to consult with them as to immediate movements. They should be here about 7 p. m. Will at once inform you of decision arrived at and ask your approval. Troops in fine spirits.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

MARCH 12, 1862.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Charlestown, Va.:

Dispatch received. As soon as possible occupy Bunker Hill and open your communication with it. I congratulate you on the success which has attended our movements.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

BADD'S FERRY, March 12, 1862.

Brigadier-General MARCY:

The cars were running between Aquia and Fredericksburg all last night, hence the brigade must have been standing at that time. I have no doubt it is still standing, as the rebel sick have been on the road between Dumfries and Aquia to-day, and could not have reached the depot before night. My spies are in that vicinity to-night. Shall know

