
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. GENERAL BANKS' DIVISION,

Numbers 26. Winchester, Va., March 113, 1862.

The troops of the command now in the vicinity of Winchester, Va., will not be allowed to leave their respective camps without passes approved by commands of regiments, detachments, or or batteries. The provost-marshal is ordered to arrest all soldiers absent from their commands without such written permission.

The troops are cautioned against any injury to private or public property or any interference with the rights of citizens. Every abuse of this character, by whomsoever committed, will be rigidly investigated and punished with severity. The commanding general learns with sincere regret that officers in some cases, from mistaken views, either tolerate or encourage depredations upon property. This is deeply aigrette. He calls upon them to reflect upon the destructive influences with attend such practices, and to remember the declaration of the great master of the art of war, that pillage is the most certain method of disorganizing and destroying an army.

All well-disposed persons are invited to pursue their ordinary vocations. Those who enter the town for the purpose of trade or to supply its markets at reasonable prices will be assured of all proper protection by the provost-marshal. It is the object of the military authorities to re-establish the privileges hitherto enjoyed by all classes for this purpose between the different towns in the neighborhood will be permitted, under such general regulations as may be published by the provost-marshal, who is directed to facilitate, within proper limits, all branches of trade.

No arrest of persons or seizure of property will be made without orders from headquarters or from the provost-marshal. Every arrest will be forthwith reported to be provost-marshal, and all property taken will be turned over the officer designated to superintend the collection of supplies for the use of the army. Every article of property taken for this purpose will be receipted for by the officer taking it, and compensation will be hereafter made for the same by the Government. Any person who shall directly or indirectly furnish intoxication liqueurs to the troops may except punishment, without mercy; the liquors and all other goods found with them will be forfeited, and the persons offending subject not only to imprisonment, but will be punished with unrelenting rigor to the last limit of military law. The authorities of the town and its citizens, as well as the officers and soldiers of the command, are earnestly requested by the commanding general to aid in enforcing this order.

By command of Major General N. P. Banks:

R. MORRIS COPELAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 113, 1862-11.15 a. m.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

You need apprehend no trouble on the question of rank with General Wool. Many circumstances require that your movement, whatever it may be, should be prompt. General Meigs reports that transports will be ready as fastest you can use them. I desire you to keep me advised of your progress and movements.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

