
WASHINGTON NAVY-YARD, March 16, 1862 - 8.45 a. m..

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

General Van Vliet has just left, having come to confer in regard to the matter under your consideration to-day. He thinks they will have no difficulty in regard to the pilotage, if I will let him have one or two good pilots to lead and the assistance of one or two vessels of the flotilla to watch the Rappahannock. The chief pilot of the yard, on being called in, stated that such of the vessels as he had spoken to had pilots, and he believed most of them had. He also said that the draught of the transports was generally 10 feet. I requested General Van Vliet to see and state his views to you on the subject. Captain Wyman will be up in the morning and will see you, if you choose..

J. A. DAHLGREN.

WASHINGTON NAVY-YARD, March 16, 1862 - 9 a. m..

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Captain Wyman has just arrived from below, and says that three vessels of his flotilla have already been ordered to convoy the transports to Hampton Roads, and as the quartermaster-general of the Potomac it satisfied with all the other arrangements, it would appear that all your purposes will be executed without my assistance. Captain Wyman also says in regard to the vessels supposed to be building at Fredericksburg, that they are not reported to be far advanced, and he has no information as to their being cased with iron. The reports are derived from negroes at different times. Captain Wyman further states that there is a young man in General Hooker's brigade who lately ran away from Fredericksburg, and may be able to give information on the subject.

JNO. A. DAHLGREN.

POOLESVILLE, March 16, 1862.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS:

Lieutenant-Colonel De Korponay reports that several small detachments of the enemy's cavalry, in all some 40 or 50, have been seen several times the past two days in the neighborhood, reconnoitering this position. This is confirmed by the pickets below Goose Creek, on this side, who report having seen about the same number last evening. Last night several rocket signals were made about 2 miles west of the town, and the pickets the same distance below Edwards Ferry, on this side, report that two were sent up opposite at a distance from the river. Colonel De Korponay has with him 280 men, including 6 of the First Michigan Cavalry, and one piece of artillery.

EDMUND C. CHARLES,

Colonel Forty-second New York Volunteers, Commanding.

WINCHESTER, March 16, 1862.

Major General N. P. BANKS:

Your message received. Authentic information received to-day of evacuation of Strasburg yesterday by Jackson's forces taking the road to Staunton, with guns and stores. Railroad bridges over North and.

