
been removed. A light battery appeared a little to the south of them to-day. The infantry supports have not been strengthened there. This is all I can learn, and this I consider reliable.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SUMNER'S ARMY CORPS,Fairfax Court-House, March 16, 1862.

Colonel COLBURN:

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward the inclosed dispatch* just received from Brigadier-General French, commanding third brigade of Richardson's division. General French was left with his brigade and a battery at Manassas Junction, with orders not to retire until General Stoneman passed on his return.

In order to prevent the possibility of your being insulted by any demonstration which the enemy might make, I have deemed it proper to push forward to Bull Run the elite of the two brigades of Richardson's division in bivouac here, under the immediate command of General Richardson. The two brigades are accompanied by Clarke's battery and three squadrons of cavalry. The command is now on the march. Blenker's entire division is on hand ready to march, if it prove necessary. Subsequently, the inclosed dispatch from General Stoneman, addressed to you, arrived, and, under the peculiar circumstances of the case, I deemed it my imperative duty to make myself acquainted with its contents. I do not consider myself as called upon by the dispatch to make any change in the above-mentioned dispositions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Army Corps.

NOTE. - I do not believe that the enemy can threaten our troops at Bull Run, but I think it better to guard against possibilities.
HEADQUARTERS SUMNER'S ARMY CORPS,Fairfax Court-House, March 16, 1862.

General R. B. MARCY, Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch has been received.* General French's brigade has already been ordered to return to Manassas, and the remainder of Richardson's division put en route to support it. Does the General Commanding deem it advisable that the remaining division at this point be advanced to the front of Blenker?

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SUMNER'S ARMY CORPS,Fairfax Court-House, Va., March 16, 1862.

General RICHARDSON:

The general commanding the corps directs that if from any information you may have received you deem it prudent to advance your com

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

