
MANASSAS, August 2, 1861.

Colonel S. COOPER, Adjutant-General:

One thousand of Banks' forces sent eastward July 30, by cars.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, C. S. Army.

RICHMOND, VA., August 3, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Commanding Forces, Manassas:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of August 1, and in reply beg leave to say that prompt steps have been taken to procure wagons and teams and artillery horses for your command.

It is expected wagons and teams in quantity to answer your purposes will reach Manassas on Monday, 5th instant. You will oblige me greatly if you will say what number of artillery horses will be required.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. MYERS,

Acting Quartermaster-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Huntersville, Va., August 3, 1861.

General HENRY A. WISE,

Commanding Kanawha Army, Lewisburg, Va.:

GENERAL: I have just received your letter of the 1st instant to General Loring. The object of your returning from the Kanawha Valley towards Covington and uniting with General Floyd was for the protection of the Virginia Central Railroad, which, after the disaster that befell the Northwestern Army, was threatened through this place and Monterey. The enemy are now held in check from the two last-named points, and if they can be prevented from reaching Lewisburg they will be cut off from Covington and Newbern, on the Central and Southwestern Railroads. Are there any strong positions in front of Lewisburg that you can hold, re-enforced by General Floyed and the people of the country, that would accomplish this object, and can you get correct information of the force, movements, and apparent object of the enemy? It is necessary to stop his advance on both roads, if possible, and his progress east of the mountains. You must take care of the safety of your column, and if that does not require a further retrograde movement, you are desired to halt at Lewisburg till further notice. If obliged to retire, retard the advance of the enemy. Send back to General Floyd to support you. Inform General Loring of the positions you will take, and be prepared by a concentration of forces to strike a blow at the enemy.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, VA.,

August 4, 1861.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding, &amp; c.:

GENERAL: I received yours of the 3rd this evening at this place, where I have come to encamp, with infantry and artillery, leaving 500.

