
to order 1,000 stand of good percussion smooth-bore muskets for my command. We have marched and counter-marched, and scouted and fought to some effect, too, and our old arms are found worn-out already in the service. At least 500 of the State troops have deserted since I left Charleston, and they have carried off many good arms. My cavalry, in strong force, are in good pastures, scouting the enemy to their teeth. Will advise of every movement in time for me to advance in front of Lewisburg. I am anxious to meet them somewhere in Nicholas, on ground which I have had well mapped out by Hutton, an able topographer. I will retire no farther; advance as soon as I refit. Will effectually retard and check the enemy, and call on General Floyd when I cannot do so, and General Loring shall be kept vigilantly advised. A concentration of forces soon will be needed.

With the highest respect,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

RICHMOND, VA., August 5, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Manassas, Va.:

Troops have been detained here in order that supplies might be sent by rail. When you are sufficiently supplied with subsistence stores troops will be sent forward on notice from you.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Huntersvillee, W. Va., August 5, 1861.

Numbers 239. .

I. Brigadier General S. R. Anderson, in pursuance of orders from the Adjutant and Inspector General of the C. S. Army, is assigned to the command of the First, Seventh, and Fourteenth Tennessee Regiments, with the Army of the Northwest, under Brigadier General W. W. Loring.

* * * * * * *

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, VA., August 5, 1861.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding, &amp; c.:

GENERAL: Mr. Hutton, my chief engineer and explorer, is so accurate and reliable, that I fail not to send you the inclosed, just received from him.* He is getting observations on every point between this and Covington. Lest you may want precise maps of Stroud's Glades, formerly Stroud's Knob, and to show what beautiful flying sketches Mr. Hutton is doing for me, I send you a report and map of the very locality to which the enemy is reported by his informant to have advanced. You can reach the cattle he speaks of nearest from Huntersville by sending runners and drivers through the mountain paths to head of Cranberry Creek and down that creek to Gauley, and thence to Beaver Creek. I will order my cavalry to scout the enemy close from the mouth of the Hommony up to Beaver Creek, and assist in driving.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

