
From the information I get, perhaps not as reliable as that you receive, the number of the enemy at Summersville is about half that you give. I can only learn of five regiments, about 4,500 men, having left Huttonsville for Summersville, to be increased by about the same number from other points. The advance on this line to Middle Mountain, Valley Mountain, and Cheat Range may bring them back to securely guard the railroads to the Ohio. In that event it will relieve your front, and may permit your advance to the Gauley, if desirable.

I much regret to hear that your arms are so poor. There are no percussion muskets for issue by the State of Virginia, unless some have been altered since my departure from Richmond. The only available guns that I am aware of are the flint-lock muskets. I am very sorry to hear that you have lost so many good arms by the desertion of the State troops. They will probably rejoin you on your advance. General Loring will expect to be kept advised of any movement against his rear by your vigilant and energetic scouts.

I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FLOYD'S BRIGADE,Camp Bee, near Sweet Springs, Va., August 5, 1861.

The Forty-fifth and Fiftieth [Va.] Regiments, Floyd's brigade, under command of Cols. Henry Heth and A. W. Reynolds, respectively, will move from Camp Bee to-morrow at 5 a. m., and take up the line of march in the direction of Lewisburg. The quartermaster of each command will furnish the same with all the transportation at hand. The commissary will furnish the same with such rations as he has. No unnecessary baggage will be allowed.

By order of Brigadier-General Floyd, C. S. A.:

H. HETH,

Colonel.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., August 6, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Army of Potomac, Manassas, Va.:

GENERAL: Your letter of 30th ultimo, suggesting that the troops instructed to re-enforce the army under your command be placed by brigades in camps of instructions located in healthy neighborhoods, has been submitted to the President, and I am instructed to suggest that you cause to be selected some position possessing the required advantages on the north bank of the Rappahannock River, or in advance, near the Manassas road, in the direction of the Bull Run Mountain. Having regard to the position occupied by your forces, the President is of opinion that the direction above indicated would afford the best location for the camps referred to.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

