
ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., August 6, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, Manassas Junction, Va.:

GENERAL: General Beauregard was authorized under an emergency to retain at Manassas the Eleventh North Carolina Regiment, then en route for your command at Winchester, but this retention was not intended to be permanent, and it rests with yourself, as commander of the Army of the Potomac, to make such disposition of the regiment as in your judgment the interests of the service require.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS WISE'S BRIGADE,White Sulphur Springs, Va., August 6, 1861.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding, &amp; c.:

GENERAL: Having an opportunity, by a messenger of General Loring's camp, I report to you that General Floyd is within 2 miles of me, encamped. He will see me here this evening. I have not seen him as yet. He is reported to me by Colonel Tompkins as well equipped. I am not - far from it. All I had is worn out, and we need almost everything, especially tents, clothing, shoes, and means of transportation. To obtain these, I have sent to Staunton, and it will take at least two weeks from this time for me to be anything like prepared for marching. I informed you last evening of reported positions of the enemy. My calvary will scout him from Hommony to Cherry Tree River. I venture to suggest that General Loring's scouts might meet mine at Beaver or Cherry Tree. If General Floyd can be ordered to guard New River and turnpike between Gauley and Lewisburg, I can throw my forces in between Huntersville and Gauley.

Respectfully,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, VA.,

August 7, 1861 - 7 a. m..

General R. E. LEE, Commanding, & c.:

GENERAL: I saw General Floyd yesterday evening. He asked whether I had orders from you. I replied none specific. He then notified me that he would move this morning to Lewisburg, and that it was his intent to proceed immediately to attack the enemy at Gauley, but gave me no orders. I dissented from the policy of this attack, suggesting the better course of allowing me to refit my command with clothing and to obtain wagons. I will require ten days or two weeks to do so, and I ask from you special orders, separating the command of General Floyd from mine. Please assign to each one respective fields of operation. I think it would be best to assign him to the guard of the Fayetteville and Beckley roads, and my command to the guard of the Lewisburg turnpike and the roads leading from Summersville to Huttonsville or Lewisburg.

Respectfully,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

