
These orders (dated the 3rd instant) I have been and am obeying, and have advised General Lee and General Loring that I propose to advance on the Gauley by the Cherry Tree Bottom road.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

N. B. - I ought to add that new companies are coming in every day, and some of them require everything to be provided for a campaign.

Numbers 3.] CAMP ARBUCKLE, Near Lewisburg, Va., August 9, 1861.

Brigadier General HENRY A. WISE:

DEAR SIR: I write this note to ask the favor of you to send me, if you have them, sabers and pistols, such as you may have to spare, for 300 mounted men. I will return them to you punctually in a short time, and see that they are kept in good order. If you could spare me a company and two 6-pounders for a week's service you would greatly oblige me. The horses should be good and the pieces provided with forty rounds of ammunition.

With high regard, I am, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

N. B. - It is important to have the arms and company here to-night, if possible.

WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, VA., August 9, 1861 - 5 p. m..

Brigadier General JOHN B. FLOYD, Commanding, &amp; c.:

DEAR SIR: Your note is just at hand. The only sabers furnished to my command were 260, without scabbards, and all that were scabbarded have been distributed, and 3 or 4 of my troops are now waiting to be furnished. In lieu of the sabers and pistols, of which but fifty-three flint and steel have been furnished to my command, I inclose an order to Colonel Davis, at Meadow Bluff, to co-operate with your cavalry, and be, for the time, at your immediate orders, to-night. A company of artillery I cannot spare you. I have but one that can in any degree serve as artillery, the company of Captain McComas, who is absent from the loss of a child; but I send you a detachment of 24 men, of Colonel Tompkins' regiment of State volunteers, the remnant of the Kanawha Artillery, who fought at Scarey, and are pretty good artillerists. It is too short a notice to get them ready to-night, but they will be got ready at once, and be sent to you early in the morning. This is the best I can do at present, and I assure you, sir, it will always gratify me to do the best I can in co-operation with your command.

Very truly and respectfully, yours,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General, & c.

P. S. - Captain Caskie reports to me to-day that some scouts of the enemy advanced on the Fayetteville and turnpike roads. We send you forty rounds of ammunition with the pieces.

