
has not, probably, any ammunition for it. The information of the enemy being re-enforced in front of this position is repeated. Also that he is fortifying at the bridge over the North Branch of the Potomac at New Creek Depot, and occupies Romney. I think it probable that he is spreading his troops over a line of operations form the Kanawha to the Potomac, with a view of influencing the local elections of the Peirpoint dynasty. I hope we shall be able to cut him up in detail. For this purpose our troops must be keep ready for concentration.

I am, with high respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

Numbers 5.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,

Camp Arbuckle, near Lewisburg, Va., August 13, 1861.

General WISE:

SIR: As requested to do, I send you the accompanying communication from Colonel Davis. I have reason to doubt the authority of the report. Yet, coming to me with the official sanction of Colonel Davis, I do not feel at liberty to disregard it. I shall therefore move immediately to his relief with 1,000 men, and request that you will send to-morrow one battery of artillery, with such other forces as you can spare. I understand that the enemy is strong in large guns.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP AT MEADOW BLUFF.

General FLOYD:

I have reasons to apprehend an attack from the Federal troops to-morrow - probably to-night. They are probably Tyler's force, from Summersville, who have come into this road by the Sunday road (33 miles from here), re-enforced by a detachment direct from Gauley Bridge. Their number is estimated at 3,000. It is now known that there has been a current of Federal troops passing down the Gauley, which confirms the statement. Mr. Tyree, just taken prisoner by the enemy, has continued to send the news to my scouts, in the neighborhood of his father's. I can stop them with 1,000 men and two pieces of cannon. Please urge on re-enforcements. Send this to General Wise, and ask him also to send all the aid he can spare.

Your obedient servant,

J. LUCIUS DAVIS,

Colonel First Regiment Wise's Legion.

P. S. - If the report is modified as to numbers, &amp; c., I will inform you.

WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, VA., August 13, 1861.

General JOHN B. FLOYD, General Commanding, & c.:

SIR: I imagine, from the reports to me, that Colonel Davis must have received exaggerated reports. Your advance will, at all events, only anticipate any probable movement of the enemy. Your request should be promptly complied with, but for the fact that our horses for.

