
to the volunteer forces under my command. I beg you to remember that these troops are now decimated by disease and casualties incurred by weeks of exposure; that they never have been furnished with tents, or even equipments regarded as essential to the ordinary requirements of service, and, above all, that they are actually destitute of clothing, except such as they bore upon their persons in the hurried march from Kanawha. The Twenty-second Regiment especially may be mentioned as having incurred losses by the destruction of the steamer Maffet, and their inability to communicate with Charleston, which should be remembered by you as worthy of immediate consideration. I cannot, therefore, under the circumstances report any companies of the volunteer regiments as fit for the field, and believe that their removal from quarters at present would be attended with detrimental consequences in every respect.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. Q. TOMPKINS,

Commanding Volunteer Brigade.

[Indorsement.]

AUGUST 14, 1861 - 12.30.

Colonel Tompkins will move only such of the troops under his command as are fit for marching orders. The rest, or, if all are unfit for service, all will remain with him at this post, under my general order of this morning, until further orders or the command is fit to move.

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, VA., August 14, 1861.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding, &amp; c.:

Dispatches were received last night from Colonel Davis, and this morning form General Floyd, giving intelligence of the enemy approaching in full strength from Summersville, via what is called the Sunday road, leading into the Lewisburg turnpike, reported 6,000 strong. I do not credit the report, but, under the peremptory orders from General Floyd, received within the hour, I shall move my entire available force at once to join the general at Meadow Bluff. If my counsel prevails, I shall advance to the west side of Little Sewell. I shall take eight sixes, one rifled piece of artillery, and General Floyd has two sixes. The howitzer was, and is, without ammunition. General Floyd's whole force, all told, he says, is but 1,200; mine available at once, 2,000. The measles is raging here, and I am reduced nearly half of one regiment of my Legion and the State regiments are nearly wholly unavailable. At most, in two and a half days, I can put forward 1,500 and in five days 2,500 men. General Floyd now has his own force, my whole cavalry (550), a detachment of artillery, with two 6-pounders; in all, say, 1,800 men. In three days he will have 100 more of State cavalry. Thus in four or five days he will have available with him 3,800 men, leaving the sick and unfit for service, say 1,000 men, here. I write in haste, while hurrying on the march of all I can move to-day. There is not half the means necessary for transportation here.

Very respectfully,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

