
that I desire harmony and co-operation in every sense of cheerful, as well as efficient and healthful, service, but I cannot, in honor, submit to have my brigade mutilated without your order it. I refer to Colonel Tompkins for full explanations, and he, too, seeks the maintenance of his just authority and the observance of the respect due to him. I will be ready for co-operation.

Yours, &amp; c.,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

P. S. - My excellent secretary, Mr. Lucas, has extracted from fragments of a mail thrown out by General Floyd some items which may aid you. Colonel Croghan, of my cavalry, penetrated the Birch Mountain and captured this mail; killed 2 and captured 3 - a captain, a corporal, and a private.

WHITE SULPHUR SPRING, VA., August 15, 1861.

Brigadier General JOHN B. FLOYD, Commanding:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge your order of yesterday, received at 7 p. m., and it shall be promptly and punctually obeyed. I have procured some shoes; enough, I hope, to supply the immediate wants of my command. Those regiments were first supplied which marched this morning to join you at Meadow Bluff, and now the regiments left here will be supplied. Transportation, as soon as it can be obtained, shall be furnished, but it is very difficult to obtain sufficient; and, in addition, what is equally necessary, clothing and tents shall be furnished, if possible, under the order of Colonel Tompkins, who is in command of the State volunteers, forming a part of my brigade. I have ordered him to prepare both regiments under him as speedily as possible to join me under your command; but it is impossible for those regiments to join you without some reasonable and necessary delay. To show this, in respect to both regiments, I send you copies of the reports sent to me yesterday by Colonels Tompkins and McCausland.*

Respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

MANASSAS, August 16, 1861.

Mr. PRESIDENT: The subject of supplying this army with provisions given us here much anxiety.

In this connection it has been suggested to me that the quantities of some articles of the ration, such as salt, coffee, and bacon, in the Southern States are too small for our wants; that he will probably be unable to procure bacon enough for two issues a week until that of the next season is ready for use. It is said further that certain responsible business men are known to be ready to undertake to introduce a large stock of bacon into the Confederacy and at a price far below that now paid in Virginia, the payment to be on delivery, and in Confederate States funds. I would make this arrangement without hesitation were the necessary amount of money at my disposal. Permit me to urge its adoption by you, and an order to the Commissary-General to carry it into effect, or authority to myself to have the proper persons employed, contracts made, and measures taken to insure their fulfillment.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

