
from that section be returned to their homes, as it is believed that their presence there will be of service in preventing the inroads of the Federal troops, which have become frequent of late. You will therefore direct the men from Hardy to return to that county under Colonel Harness, who will make such disposition of them as may best conduce to the public protection.

Very respectfully, &amp; c.,

GEO. DEAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TOP OF BIG SEWELL, VIRGINIA,

August 17, 1861.

Brigadier General JOHN B. FLOYD, Commanding, & c.:

SIR: Lieutenant-Colonel Croghan sent to me yours to him of the 15th instant, giving orders to him directly (and very properly under the circumstances) of the apprehended approach of the enemy, saying: "These orders will be conveyed to you after this through General Wise." On the 16th, at or near Henning's, while present with my command, at the head of my column, I received yours of that day, remonstrating against my general orders to my command that orders from you and reports to you to and from my officers should be communicated through me, on the ground of the distance of my headquarters, & c., and calling on me to revoke that order. On the same day, and at the same place, Lieutenant-Colonel Richardson, of the First Infantry Regiment of my Legion, reported to me in person your order to him, immediately on its receipt, to advance with all the force under his command to join you, and "any orders whatever in any way conflicting with yours you thereby revoke." Desiring most cordially and cheerfully to co-operate with your command, and to obey and cause to be obeyed all orders properly communicated by you, I extract from a letter of instructions from General Robert E. Lee, dated Headquarters, Valley Mountain, August 14, 1861, the following:

As regards the command of your brigade, the military propriety of communicating through you all orders for its movement is so apparent that I think no orders on the subject necessary. .

Bound to maintain the integrity of my command, and whatever is due to it in military propriety, I respectfully reply to your order to Lieutenant-Colonel Richardson, that my general order that your orders to my command must be communicated through me is not revoked..

I await your further orders, and am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 12.] HEADQUARTERS KANAWHA FORCES,

August 17, 1861.

GENERAL: You will occupy with your command the encampment located by me this morning - the top of the Big Sewell Mountain.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S. - Remain there until further orders..

