
barrassment or interference in the execution of their respective duties believing they would make everything yield to the welfare of the republic.

I remain, with high esteem, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Valley Mountain, W. Va., August 21, 1861.

Numbers 243.

I. The Twenty-second and Thirty-sixth Regiments Virginia Volunteers, under Colonels Tompkins and McCausland, will be formed into a distinct brigade, or be attached to other brigades of the Army of the Kanawha, as the commanding general of that army may determine.

II. The Wise Legion, as organized, under the directions of the Secretary of War, will be under the immediate command of General H. A. Wise.

III. The militia called into the service of the Confederate States, together with all the troops operating in the Kanawha Valley, will be subject to the orders and under the control of the commanding general of the Army of the Kanawha.

R. E. LEE,General, Commanding.

Numbers 18.] CARNIFIX FERRY, W. VA.,

August 22, 1861 - 10 p. m.

Brigadier General JOHN B. FLOYD:

SIR: Yesterday you left two pieces of artillery at Dogwood Gap, which have been ordered to this point this morning. These, added to my eight pieces, make ten under my command. Your verbal orders to me now are to have four pieces of artillery crossed over the Gauley this evening, with one of my regiments of infantry. Permit me to inquire whether your order four of my pieces in addition to your own? And will you please state in written orders the points you wish me to occupy with the remaining portions of my Legion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

CARNIFIX FERRY, W. VA., August 22, 1861.

HENRY A. WISE, Brigadier-General:

SIR: You will please send me four pieces of your artillery in addition to my own two; also one of your regiments (the strongest), to have crossed over the Gauley this evening. You will likewise please send me early to-morrow - say 7 a. m. - 100 of your most efficient horse. With the remainder of the force under your command you will take such a position as will enable you to watch the movements of the enemy and to check any advance by them. I understand that the regiments commanded respectively by Colonels McCausland and Tompkins are on the march from the White Sulphur and are to-day near you. Should the force of your command, after making the above deductions, be deemed inefficient for the purpose of watching the enemy and checking.

