
towards Gauley, and take possession of the strong position at and about the Hawk's Nest. In all probability the enemy are likely to retire down the Kanawha, and you should be close at hand to annoy their retiring columns. You send me a report from C. F. Henningsen. Will you be good enough to state whether he is a commissioned officer, and, if so, what commission he holds, and the date of it?

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Army of Kanawha.

RICHMOND, August 30, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Confederate Forces on the Potomac:

GENERAL: Since the communication to you from this Department was closed on yesterday, relating to the discharge of the militia from Shenandoah County on service at Winchester, the inclosed petition from officers of the Seventh Brigade and Third Division, Virginia Militia, in regard to the same subject, has been received from Governor Lethcer. You will take in into consideration with the rest in forming your decision upon the case.*

Very respectfully, yours,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

WINCHESTER, August 25, 1861.

Governor LETCHER:

SIR: The officers of the four regiments from the Seventh Brigade, Virginia Militia, now stationed at this place, have requested me to forward to you the inclosed petition to the President of the Confederate States, and to solicit your aid and influence in its behalf. They have been informed that the power of relief has, in part, been, transferred to the President, otherwise the prayer would have been addressed to your excellency; yet, notwithstanding the transfer, we are confident you will lend your aid and influence willingly and cheerfully in procuring the relief asked for, and which is due to a portion of the Confederacy than which none other is more loyal and true to its interests.

Very truly, yours, &amp;c.,

G. W. MURPHY.

[Subinclosure.]

CAMP FAIR GROUNDS,

Near Winchester, Va., August 23, 1861.

Honorable JEFFERSON DAVIS, President of the Confederate States:

We, the undersigned, officers of the Seventh Brigade, Virginia Militia, would most respectfully beg leave to represent to you the condition of the men under our commands and the condition in which the great valley of Virginia must be placed unless relief can be rendered.

We desire, first, to say that no portion of Virginia has been more loyal to the South and her interest than the militia of this valley; that we were among the first to send our volunteers to the field of battle;

---------------

*See Walker to Johnston, August 29, p. 816, and Johnston to Walker, September 1, p. 826.

---------------

