HEADQUARTERS,Manassas, September 1, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have had the honor to receive your letters of the 29th and 30th of August in relation to the militia of the county of Shenandoah now in the service of the Confederate States and the papers inclosed with them.

Two matters are involved: What number of infantry the service requires in and near Winchester and what section should furnish it.

The first question should be answered by me; the second, I suggest, with all respect, should be submitted to the governor of Virginia or answered by the War Department.

While commanding in the valley of Virginia especially, I called into service about 2,500 militia. There were two considerations in fixing the number-the force required and that which the district ought to be called upon to furnish. I still think the force then called out sufficient. But whether it should be furnished by that or some other section of Virginia or of the Confederacy I have no means of forming an opinion. I have no means of ascertaining what percentage of its population any portion of the country may have sent into the field.

Permit me to suggest, therefore, the reduction of the militia force in the valley of the Shenandoah to the number of 2,500, and that the proper authorities of Virginia be requested to select the portion to be disbanded, and to direct such portion to deposit their arms in Winchester and return to their usual avocations.

With high respect, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

Numbers 28.] CAMP GAULEY, VA., September 1, 1861.

Brigadier General HENRY A. WISE:

SIR: From more recent information I think it doubtful whether the movements of the enemy require at this time the union of your force with mine, as embraced in my last order to you late in the evening. You will therefore retain your forces in camp until further orders. Your explanation about Colonel Henningsen is sufficient, but in future you will require all officers under your command, when making reports to be sent to headquarters, to super add their rank to their signatures.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanidng Army of the Kanawha.

RICHMOND, September 2, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Army of the Potomac, Manassas, Va.:

SIR: I am instructed by the President to inquire of you how the regiments of your entire command are organized into brigades, naming in each case the brigade and the regiments of each command; also such regiments as are associated together but not under a brigadier, and any other regiments which may be serving separately. You are desired to

