
state also the whole force of cavalry, how organized, where posted, land how commanded; also the whole force of artillery, how organized, where posted, and by whom commanded, designating batteries which are associated together, those which are serving separately, and such as form the armament of field works; and, further, designating such batteries or guns as were captured at the battle of Manassas and such as have been sent to your command since that battle.

This report is intended to embrace the whole force of the Army of the Potomac except the command of Brigadier-General Holmes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, September 3, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Commanding, &amp;c., Manassas, Va.:

GENERAL: The President desires that you will order Brigadier-General Timble to Evansport, on the Potomac, to command the battery and troops at that point.

I am, sir, respectfully, &c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, September 4, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: According to your suggestion this morning I beg leave to present in writing one or two considerations connected with the military arrests made and being made in the region of the lower valley of Virginia along the Potomac border.

A number of such cases were submitted to my examination by General Johnston while in command at Winchester, and the principle I acted upon was to arrest no one, and to prosecute no one further who had been arrested, when turned over to me, for holding.

merelyin the abstract disloyal opinions, nor even where they expressed them conscientiously and in a general way, but to seize only such as were actively engaged against us in some mode giving aid and comfort to the enemy.

The effect of this policy has been, as I am fully satisfied, to improve greatly the popular sentiment and to strengthen our cause in that part of Virginia where I regret to say it was much needed. Recently, as I have reason to believe, several arrests have been made by the military upon mere general suspicion of the party holding (and perhaps expressing in a general way merely) unsound opinions as to the great issue between us and the North, and I am satisfied evil consequences will result from it. Gentlemen of high character and social position, I understand, are under arrest now at Winchester, without any opportunity or means whatever afforded them of having their cases examined and determined. Others also of like character, I have reason to believe, will soon be taken into custody.

Without troubling you, therefore, further in detail with the reasons which induce me to believe these arrests will be productive of much mischief, I beg leave to suggest that something in the way of a com-

