
might be necessary to carry out the ends set forth in your communications. Whenever, in your judgment, circumstances will justify it, you will consider yourself authorized to return.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

Numbers 30.] NEAR HAWK'S NEST, VA., September 4, 1861.

Brigadier-General FLOYD, Commanding, &amp;c.:

Since writing by Colonel Croghan to-day,* I am urged (by the appearance of the enemy and intelligence of their forces, in order to defend Miller's Ferry and Liken's Mill, which I am determined to hold) to ask that you will re-enforce me by sending to me the whole or a part of Colonel Tompkins' regiment, with him in command, and to return my corps of artillery also. We want two pieces for Cotton Hill, and I can send an additional cavalry force to Loop Creek. I am assured that Colonel Tompkins will not object to this order. Lieutenant Witcher informs me that my attack upon them yesterday drew nearly all their forces from Gauley Bridge.

Respectfully, yours,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

RICHMOND, VA., September 5, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Yours of the 3rd instant+ was delivered by Mr. Washington, who promised to call to-day for an answer. I am still weak, and seldom attempt to write; even to you it is necessary to be brief. The view in relation to the number of guns necessary at Evansport was communicated to the Chief of Ordnance, in order that he might, when practicable, furnish them. I do not know whether the movements of troops by the enemy indicates operations from the base, or fear of an attack by us upon that point, or preparation for a movement from Fort Monroe as a base. You have again been deceived as to our forces here. We never have had anything near to 20,000 men, and have now but little over one-fourth of that number. General Walker [who] came here sick, has since gone up to join you. Van Dorn has not been here, and, so far as informed, has not yet left Texas. When relieved he will come here, unless otherwise directed. Magruder applies for 8,000 troops to check projected operations of General Wool in the Peninsula. Wise is dissatisfied with General Floyd, and seeks to be withdrawn. Without his command Floyd cannot hold the valley of Kanawha. We have been disappointed in our efforts to get arms. Has you arms to supply the 10,000 men you want they could soon be had.

Lee is still in the mountains of Virginia. The rains have retarded his march, or I think he would have beaten the enemy in that quarter. Had we the means to move on Beverly from Winchester, it might result in the capture of Rosecrans and the repossession of Western Virginia. To permit the enemy to gain a success over any portion of the

---------------

*Report of skirmish near Hawk's Nes. See p. 122.

---------------

+Not found.

