
[Inclosure.]

CAMP NEAR HAWK'S NEST, VA., September 9, 1861.

Major General R. E. LEE:

SIR: It is with great reluctance that I recur to the subject of two recent letters addressed to you from the White Sulphur. It is very clear to my apprehension that the volunteer forces organized and commanded by me are destined to a disintegration, which, if not in violation of law, is by no means in accordance with the purpose for which they were designed. After joining General Floyd on the 25th ultimo, while our regiments were separated, the Thirty-sixth was sent to Summersville and the Twenty-second sent to this place. I am now under orders to join General Floyd. These demonstrations, suppurated to other evidences, warrant the belief that we are the mere appendages of the Legion, without the benefits that my obtain to that arm of service. I respectfully submit that I have not been treated with the consideration due either to past experience or recent service, and, without the most remote with to promote my own personal interests, I claim your attention to the matter. It is needless to add that I shall most willingly offer the resignation of my commission if it is believe I am incompetent to exercise the command which was specially organized and prepared under my auspices.

I am, General, very respectfully,

C. Q. TOMKINS,

Colonel Twenty-second Regiment Virginia Volunteers.

P. S.-I return immediately to the camp of General Floyd.

Numbers 36.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA,

Camp Gauley, Va., September 9. 1861. (Rec'd September 10-2.15 p. m.)

Brigadier General HENRY A. WISE:

SIR: Within an hour after my dispatch to you this evening one of my most reliable scouts came into camp, with information, which cannot be questioned, that the enemy, at 5 o'clock to-day, were advancing this side of Powell's Mountain. Their force is certainly very large. I am induced to believe that it is not less than 4,000 men. Their object is either to attack me here or to re-enforce General Cox. To defend my position with success against this force, or to prevent their junction with Cox (which is important), I must have re-enforcements. You will therefore hurry up the regiment of Colonel Tompkins, and, in addition, send me at once 1,000 of your own men, with one of your own batteries. With this re-enforcement my own will be inferior in number to the force of the enemy, according to the lowest estimate of their strength.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Numbers 37.] CAMP GAULEY, VA., September 9, 1861.

(Received September 10-2 p. m.)

Brigadier General HENRY A. WISE:

SIR: I have just received intelligence, which is entirely reliable, that the enemy in considerable force is marching through the county of Webster in this direction. This force is certainly a portion of the reserve of Rosecrans, and their objects is, I doubt not, to form a junction

