
tion. I respectfully advise that your force shall recross the Gauley, station a permanent guard of a battery (quite sufficient on this side of Carnifix Ferry), the remainder operate here in co-operation with Generals Chapman and Beckley, and that you send my whole Legion over New River to Coal River, to penetrate Kanawha Valley whenever I can strike a blow below the falls, or Charleston, even, and to protect our loyal citizens in Boone, Cabell, and Kanawha Counties. However these suggestions may be received, I feel it ot be my duty to protest, respectfully, as I do, against being ordered again to Carnifix, and against crossing that ferry with any portion of my command.

Very respectfully and faithfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-At 10 a. m. I have just received intelligence that the enemy is now advancing upon me, with what force is not exactly ascertained, but three companies are seen on the hills near my advanced post.

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 38.] CAMP GAULEY, VA., September 10, 1861.

Brigadier General HENRY A. WISE:

SIR: I am surprised to learn this morning that the men I ordered from your command had not started yesterday. My order was positive, and the reasons for the order were given. The safety of my whole command may, and probably will, depend upon the prompt execution of the orders I have given you. You will immediately, upon the receipt of this order, send to me 1,000 of your infantry and one battery of artillery, if they have not already started, and urge them to advance with all possible speed. Reply, if you please, to this order, and state the hour of this receipt and that of starting your reply.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Army of the Kanawha.

[Indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 10, 1861.

Message received at 12.05, at Hamilton's, where I am called to meet an advance of the enemy.

HENRY A. WISE.

AT HAMILTON'S, NEXT TO THE HAWK'S NEST, VA.,

September 10, 1861-12.30 p. m.

Brigadier General JOHN B. FLOYD, Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: Mr. Carr has just handed me yours of to-day at 12.05 m. It found me here, called to meet an advance of the enemy, who are reported to threaten my picket at the Hawk's Nest, and all my force of three regiments of infantry, a corps of artillery, and two companies of cavalry are under arms, to prevent, if possible, and obvious attempt to turn our right flank and to pass us at the turnpike, most probably to gain Carnifix Ferry in your rear. Under these circumstances I shall, upon my legitimate responsibility, exercise a sound discretion whether

