
Branch. Were we protected in the possession of our property we should be able to supply the Army with several thousand cattle and hogs and at the season of the year when the supply from other sources fails; but if no protection should be given us, and the present state of things suffered to go on, we may well despair not only of feeding the army, but of feeding ourselves. Our enemies, not content with driving off our cattle and sheep by hundreds and our horses in numbers, are to-day, we are most reliably informed, engaged in thrashing out the crops of wheat of some of the farmers of Hampshire.

We have been hoping for relief from General Lee's army in Western Virginia; that the necessities of General Rosecrans would compel him to withdraw his forces from us. In this we have been disappointed. We fins still a force on our border acting with the Union men sufficient to rob us. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad at New Creek Station is but about 30 miles from our county seat and so long as that point is suffered to remain in the possession of the enemy we must be insecure. We placed ourselves under the protection of the Confederate States with a full knowledge of our exposed situation, being a border county, yet relying upon the ability and willingness of our more Southern brethren, who are less exposed, to defend us.

We now would most earnestly call upon you, the chosen head of the Confederacy, for relief and continued protection, if not inconsistent with more important interests.

JACOB VAN METER ET AL.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY MOUNTAIN,September 10, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: It has been reported to me that the supplies of provisions for the Army of the Northwest are being exhausted at the depots at Staunton and MIllborough, and that no notice has been received of a further supply being ordered from Richmond. I request that directions be given for full supplies to be delivered at those points as soon as possible, if it has not already been done.

I have the honor to by, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

P. S.-SEPTEMBER 10. I have just heard that the enemy is withdrawing all his forces from about Romney and along the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to Huttonsville in our front. The report has been forwarded from Staunton by Major Harman. If true, now is the time for Colonel McDonals to push at the railroad and destroy it. I would write to him, but do not know where he is. I begin to advance to-day.

R. E. L.

RICHMOND, VA., September 11, 1861.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Commanding, Mannassas, Va.:

GENERAL: Your letter of September 6, 1861,* has been submitted to the Secretary of War, who desires that you be informed that at this

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

