
EVANSPORT, NEAR DUMFRIES, VA., September 15, 1861.

General B. HUGER, Commanding, Norfolk, Va.:

DEAR SIR: I have no reply from you about guns. All we can obtain in Richmond are fourteen; too small a number for our success. You must let us have twelve 32s, six at once and the others if called for. I know you can take six out of the batteries at Norfolk, say four from new batteries at Lambert's and Pinner's Points,a nd two form entrenched camp. Then mount some of the navy guns in the old batteries at those places on army carriages, in barbette, which will make one gun equal to four in embrasure, by so much increasing the sector of fire. Let 100 rounds of various fixed ammunition come with the guns, and do spare me Lieutenant Taylor, from Lambert's Point, with his artillery company, to work the guns. I want a skillful and vigilant officer here greatly. Our enterprise here is scarcely less important than any now being executed anywhere in the South, and no efforts or risks should be wanted to insure success. I have begun the work, and in a week shall want the guns. I have 3,000 men to support the batteries and hope to erect them unnoticed by the enemy, who keep a daily watch on us from the river, 1\2 miles distant from our position.

Yours, truly,

I. R. TRIMBLE.

P. S.-Telegraph me through General Holmes, at Brooke's Station, Aquia Creek, on the receipt of this, and say when we may expect the guns.

Numbers 45.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA, Camp on Big Sewell, Va., September 16, 1861.

DEAR SIR: I should be pleased to have you in consultation with me, together with such of your officers as you may think proper to have attend you, at my headquarters, at as early an hour this afternoon as possible. Please excuse stationery, as I amount.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

By WILLIAM E. PETERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE KANAWHA, September 16, 1861.

General HENRY A. WISE:

SIR: I am instructed by General Floyd to say to you that it has been determined to fall back to the most defensible point between Meadow Bluff and Lewisburg. He will put his column in motion at once. You will hold your command in readiness to bring up the rear.

By order of Brigadier General John B. Floyd:

WILLIAM E. PETERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See General Wise's memorandum of September 18, p. 854.

---------------

