
the Wilderness road, and to unite their columns at the junction of those roads. In this persuasion I was not mistaken. my scouts on the Wilderness road have just come in, and report that the enemy are advancing upon that road, which in all probability is true. I felt that this junction could be more certainly prevented and, if effected, could be most successfully met by the combined movement of all the forces under my command. If you have not advanced in the direction of my camp on the Sewell I have been misinformed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Army of the Kanawha.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP AT MEADOW BLUFF, VA., September 18, 1861.

General JOHN B. FLOYD:

GENERAL: As instructed by you, I report the circumstances under which two of General Wise's wagons came into my possession, as assistant quartermaster of the Twenty-second Regiment Virginia Volunteers. Lieutenant Chilton, of this regiment, was sent to White Sulhur Springs recently to bring back some sick soldiers of the regiment, left there when we marched to join your brigade. He was instructed to apply to Captain Adams for transportation. Captain Adams obtained two two-horse wagons for him,a nd Lieutenant Chilton detailed two of the soldiers to drive them. The wagons arrived at the camp on the Big Sewell Mountain late on the evening of the night we returned to this post. Under the instructions of Colonel Tompkins they were turned over to me, as assistant quartermaster, and used by me on the march here, and are now in my possession. I had on that day and on the day previous used four of my wagons for bringing into camp forage, provisions, &amp;c., and to convey some sick to the White Sulphur Springs, under the direction of Dr. McDonald, surgeon of the regiment. None of these wagons had returned when we were ordered to march. Without the two wagons I could not have made the march and transported the provisions, baggage, &c., of the regiment. I was compelled, however, to put another horse in one of the wagons, and the other was a very balky, bad team, but which I got to work tolerably well at last. I shall send the two wagons to General Wise's camp to-morrow.

Very respectfully,.

S. A. MILLER,

Assistant Quartermaster, Twenty-second Regiment Va. Vols.

CAMP NEAR TOP OF BIG SEWELL, VIRGINIA, September 19, 1861-11.30 p. m.

Brigadier General JOHN B. FLOYD, Commanding, &c:

GENERAL: Your order to me was to be in readiness on the 16th, and no order was given to me to move. I am now entrenched, and cannot move with advantage, and can fight with a confidence of repulsing the enemy. They have about five hundred tents (six men each), and their forces as yet are principally from Gauley, and they may reach 3,500, and cannot re-enforce more from that point, as Colonel Clarkson (just arrived) reports certainly that they sent two regiments from Gauley to meet Colonel Davis' cavalry. What artillery the enemy in front of me

