
RICHMOND, VA., September 19, 1861.

Captain E. T. TUTWILER, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: You will proceed without delay to Millborough, and inform yourself of the amount of transportation required for the prompt supply of General Lee's command with every description of stores for the army that we sent to that depot to be forwarded. A supply train has no doubt been already organized on the road from Millborough to Huntersville and beyond as far as Valley Mountain. You are authorized to purchase wagons and teams to make the supply train sufficient, and to engage hands to work upon the roads and keep hem in order. Major Corley, assistant quartermaster at Huntersville, is the principal officer in the country where General Lee is operating. You will report to him and carry out such instructions as he may give you in furtherance of the duty assigned to you. On your arrival at Millborough you will report to me the amount of supplies on hand to be forwarded to Huntersville. * * * * * You will report yourself to General R. E. Lee when you arrive at his headquarters,a nd take any orders he may have to give you connected with your special duties.*

A. C. MYERS,

Acting Quartermaster-General.

LEWISBURG, September 19, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Southern Confederacy:

DEAR SIR: Influenced by no other motive than the promotion of the cause of the Southern Confederacy, I deem it my duty to make to you a statement of a few facts that have come under my own personal observation with regard to the condition of affairs in the western division of our army, a condition which I think must result in nothing but disaster tot he cause unless remedied, and that very soon. I allude to the unfriendly relations existing between the two generals, Floyd and Wise. They are as inimical to each other as men can be, and from their course and actions I am fully satisfied that each of them would be highly gratified to see the other annihilated. I have spent a few days recently in their encampments, and learn that these is great dissatisfaction existing among the officers as well as the privates,a nd am of opinion that it would be much better for the service if they were both deposed, and some military general appointed in their stead to take command of both their divisions. This I am sure would be gratifying to the commandants of the different regiments, and would insure success to our cause, at least in this division of our Army. It would be just as easy to combine oil and water as to expect a union of action between gentlemen.

I have taken this liberty and responsibility, though a perfect stranger to you, of presenting these facts, in the hope that they may bring about an investigation of the matter, and will refer you to Governor Letcher, Wyndham robertson, esq., William H. macfarland, esq., William F. Ritchie, esq., and other prominent individuals of Richmond City.

Believing that you are not aware of this condition of things, and hoping that the needful remedy may be applied at once, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MASON MATHEWS.

---------------

*Some matters of detail omitted.

---------------

