
point where the boats make their landing on our side, and by proper police regulations guard yourself against spies while affording means of passage for the inhabitants who are seeking refuge with us, as well as for the recruits who desire to join our service. I leave the mode of securing the safety of your command against the intrusion of spies to your discretion,a nd content myself with requesting that you open the communication at the earliest possible moment in such manner as you may think best.

Your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, September 20, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel A. C. MYERS, Acting Quartermaster-General:

SIR: General Johnston telegraphs the President from Fairfax Station that his chief quartermaster reports that the cars are never unnecessarily detained at Manassas, but unloaded as soon as possible after arriving. The truth on this subject must be ascertained,a nd the party actually in fault for the detention of the cars and the obstruction in the regular transportation service must be detected. You are therefore instructed to make immediate examination and report to me the facts in the case. The contradictory statements now reported to me officially demand that I should know which of the officers has made a report unfounded in fact.

Your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

MILLBOROUGH, VA., September 20, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

I have just received a note from Major Harman, inclosing a dispatch from you stating that you understood that cars were detained here for the purpose of store-houses, and that the cars were wanted, and must be sent down.

The small county of Rockbridge is the only place that I have had to press teams; I have had them in service now for about two months, and, the roads being in such a terrible state, most of them are now broken down, either horses or wagons. I have never been able to get any teams from Staunton, where they have a fine rich country to get teams from.

In consequence of this, provisions have accumulated upon me to such an extent, that I have had to keep some twelve or fifteen cars for several days.

I will immediately have sheds erected to put provisions in, and have them unloaded as soon as possible. We have some ten or fifteen days' provisions ahead with the army.

I would respectfully refer you to General Loring or to Major Corley, the quartermaster of the northwest, for the manners in which provisions have been forwarded form this place heretofore and for the disadvantages under which I have labored.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. POWELL,

Captain, Acting Quartermaster.

