
ports the number of tents of the enemy now to be seen as much less than before their late retreat; that he is also of the opinion that General Rosecrans is no longer with General Cox, and that the army now threatening Sewell is in command of General Cox only. I will add that Major Bacon and the other officers who accompanies me with the flag of truce concur in the opinion I have expressed in my letter to General Wise. At the same time it is only an opinion, while the circumstances under which it was forwarded are faithfully stated in my letter to General Wise.

Very respectfully, yours,.

NAT. TYLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Regiment Wise's Legion.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT, Richmond, September 23, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Acting Secretary of War:

SIR: I have received your letter of the 22nd instant in reply to a report I made you in reference to the detention of railroad cars at Manassas, which I supposed was the main object of your first inquiry on this subject. Your letter to which I now have the honor of replying remarks, "We have now a definite issue before us, to find out the delinquent, and to pursue the investigation until the question is satisfactorily answered." I inclose herewith a letter from the superintendent of the Central Railroad and one form Major W. S. Ashe, assistant quartermaster, specially charged with the superintendence of railroad transportation, from which I gather the fact that the road was idle for some time, and sought to transport public stores without receiving them, and that on a sudden a requisition was made for the transportation of 1,000 barrels of flour, which the road had not the capacity to accomplish.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. MYERS,

Acting Quartermaster-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

RICHMOND, September 23, 1861.

Colonel A. C. MYERS, Quartermaster-General:

DEAR SIR: Your letter, inclosing one from the Secretary of War, asking information relative to the detention in the transportation of flour, was duly received. Not having heard of this detention, I sent the letter tot he superintendent of the Central railroad for the information desired. His reply to the inquiry I inclose you. I am confident that he is right in stating that a few weeks back he sought transportation of provisions, observing that his cars were going out empty of Government freight, and he would like to have it sent so as to reach him gradually. This fact, if I mistake not, I brought ot your attention.

I will, in addition to what he states, remark that it is almost impossible, without previous notice, to transport, on the moment, such a large amount as 1,000 barrels of provisions. It appears front he response of the superintendent that a portion of them went off on the same day the order was given, the balance on the next and the ensuing day. Although this dispatch was not such as was desired, yet I think it was so prompt, that it relieves the company from any hare of dereliction of duty.

