SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. General 'S OFFICE,Numbers 160. Richmond, Va., September 23, 1861.

* * * * * * * *

11. Colonel George E. Pickett, Provisional Army, is assigned to temporary command on the Lower Rappahannock, which will include the troops operating on either side of that river. He will repair to Frederisckburg, Va.m and report to Brigadier-General Holmes, commanidng that department.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, September 24, 1861.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Fairfax Court-house:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I received your message by the Prince of Polignac. You are aware, I presume that General Van Dorn has been appointed a major-general, and will report to General Johnston. This will give tot he army two major-general, and will somewhat relieve the labors of General Johnston, and determine between yourselves what division you would like to have favored, and which of he brigadier-generals you would both recommend for promotion as major-general Johnston and yourself.

Very truly, yours,.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, September 24, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Army of Potomac, Manassas:

SIR: I have just received your letter of 22nd instant, in reply to mine of 19th. I was gratified ot ascertain before receiving your reply that there was no truth in the assertion that the delay was caused but he detention of the cars at manassas, and I am resolute to discover who was really to blame, the more especially for making to me an unfounded written statement in relation tot he public service. I find that by oversight the original written statements of the parties were inclosed to you in my letter of 19th instant and no copies reserved in the office. Please return them to me at once, retaining copies reserved in the office. Please return them to me at once, retaining copies if you desire them. .

Your obedient servant,.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, September 24, 1861.

Brigadier General ROBERT TOOMBS, Fairfax Court-House:

MY DEAR SIR: * * * The President says you are mistaken in considering the Army of the Potomac as two distinct corps d'armee. It.

