
After the main question was dropped, the President proposed that, instead of an active offensive campaign, we should attempt certain partial operations-a sudden by blow against Sickles or Banks or to break the bridge over the Monocacy. This, he thought, besides injuring the enemy, would exert a good influence over our troops and encourage the people of the Confederate States generally. In regard to attacking Sickles, it was stated in reply that, as the enemy controlled the river with their ships of war, it would be necessary for us to occupy two points on the river, one above and another below the point of crossing, that we might by our batteries prevent their armed vessels from interfering with the passage of the troops. In any case, the difficulty of crossing large bodies over wide rivers in the vicinity of an enemy and then recrossing made such expeditions hazardous. It was agreed, however, that if any opportunity should occur offering reasonable chances of success, the attempt would be made.

During this conference or council, which lasted perhaps two hours, all was earnest, serious, deliberate. The impression made upon me was deep and lasting; and I am convinced that the foregoing statement is not only correct as far as it goes, but in my opinion it gives a fair idea of all that occurred at that time in regard to the question of our crossing the Potomac.

G. W. SMITH,

Major-General, C. S. Army.

Our recollections of that conference agree fully with this statement of General G. W. Smith.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, C. S. Army.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General, C. S. Army.

Signed in triplicate.

CENTERVILLE, January 31, 1862.

RICHMOND, October 1, 1861.

JAMES L. RANSON, Esq., Charlestown, Jefferson County, Va.:

SIR: The President requests me to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of 27th instant in regard to border defense, &amp;c., and to express his great gratification with the spirit manifested by you and your fellow-citizens on the border, as expressed in your letter.

I beg leave to call your attention to the act of Congress of August 21, 1861 (Numbers 229), "To provide for local defense," &c., in explanation of the mode in which volunteers may be enlisted and accepted for such service. It has been the policy of the Department to refer all offers of troops for such special service to the general officer commanding in the district of country for which they are intended, as being best able to judge of the necessities for defense in such locality. So far as may be possible consistently with this policy, every encouragement will be given to the people of the border counties to enlist for the defense of their own homes. All offers of troops should be communicated here, stating manner and time of proposed enlistment, &c.

Volunteer companies elect their own officers.

Respectfully,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

