
county night and day, in conjunction with others, Colonel Ashby and Captain Henderson-the last-named gentleman confined at present by a shot by one of his own men; and in connection with this sad affair I beg leave to say that should the court-martial sitting in Winchester blunder upon an acquittal, or what would be tantamount, fall down to some compromise sentence, it would have a most unfortunate influence throughout this border. It is reported that a corps of lawyers are engaged, and, as proof, the trial drags, and procrastination is the consequence.

You refer to the law and the policy of the Department. The law we have not, and I fear cannot obtain it short of Richmond, and I dread the control of militia commanders, Letcherized all over, as they generally are, and therefore sought for officers, if to be had, direct from President Davis.

Are there not clever and well qualified officers of the Confederate Army not in the field who have no men? I remember to have met one or more in the army of the lamented Garnett-Captain Cole and Captain Alexander. The latter, I grieve to learn, died shortly since. The former I should rejoice to meet on our borders-a graduate of West Point and a gallant officer. (Could not. Colonel Jack Hays be had for this service? All would acknowledge his pre-eminent qualifications.) But we will do our best. The enemy make daily crossings over the Potomac, and I deem it all important in case of collision that our raw men should be preserved from disaster.

The reference to military commanders-is it militia? The general of this brigade, a very clever civilian, with no experience in the field, may guide us, and successfully, but I have my fears. The gallant Ashby will do to lead cavalry, but we want a man to lead infantry and artillery.

Hoping the subject of my letter may prove a sufficient apology for this brigade, a very clever civilian, with no experience in the field, may guide us, and successfully, but I have my fears. The gallant Ashby will do to lead cavalry, but we want a man to lead infantry and artillery.

Hoping the subject of my letter may prove a sufficient apology for this lengthy communication, I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES L. RANSON.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 7, 1861.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: As the cold season of the year is near, it seems to me time to decide whether huts shall be constructed for the troops of this army of they shall continue to lodge in tents.

Should the construction of huts be decided upon, shall the materials be prepared elsewhere and put together on the ground here or shall the troops erect log huts?

General Beauregard, a skillful engineer, proposes the first method. It would require much time and labor, I think, to collect in this neighborhood timber enough for the second.

I respectfully ask the early decision of these questions by the honorable Secretary of War.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

