
Virginia militia (infantry). You are also authorized to muster into service for local defense, in accordance with authority given by inclosed copy of the law, a sufficient number of men ot serve the pieces of artillery now with your command, organizing them into a company of artillery. It is desired that you will make out with the cavalry equipments now in the possession of the four cavalry companies, as they cannot be supplied from here..

It is especially desired that you will destroy the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal as quickly as possible wherever found practicable, whether at the Monocacy or other point.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS BROOKE'S STATION, October 9, 1861.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant-General C. S. Army:

GENERAL: I returned from Evansport last night. The two principal batteries could open fire at once, as their guns are mounted; but a letter from General Johnston to General Trimble requests that our fire may be delayed until he has completed certain arrangements of his own, of which he will advise us. I have little doubt the batteries will be abundantly able to block the river, except in dark nights; and if the enemy should attempt to capture them, I have as little doubt that the force there, aided by General Whiting's command near there, will be able to defeat him.

The season is approaching when it will be necessary for us to make our arrangements for winter. Will you do me the favor to advise me whether I shall make preparations in the positions we now occupy, or is it better to wait further developments before acting in the matter?

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,TH. H. HOLMES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., October 10, 1861.

Major General G. W. SMITH, Army of the Potomac:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I had the pleasure to receive yours of the 8th instant last night. The matter of controlling railroad transportation has frequently engaged my attention, but was not presented in the form you offer, that of being under the charge of General Beauregard. He could no doubt do more than any one thought of in that connection; but how can he be spared from his present duties? The plan, as I understood him which he had contemplated, was to employ and agent. That would be less effective than the one existing, viz, the appointment of a quartermaster, specially selected for the duty, and sustained by direct communications between the Executive and the railroad presidents on all questions which arise. The generals in the field may do much, by giving timely notice of irregularities and by seeing that trains at their depots are not detained improperly or permitted to leave the freight or passengers which the public service requires to be transported.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

