
the services of Mr. James Hunter and Dr. John P. Hale, and our joint efforts have devised a scheme-the only practicable one that has suggested itself-by means of which our men can be furnished with comfortable shelter in huts, to be built at a rate which will supply about 800 men per diem, beginning on the 21st instant. At this rate the whole force now under your command would be under cover by 10th December at furthest, and I hope even by the 1st of that month. In order to accomplish this without waste of time I send you the plan proposed, and I know I can rely on your zealous co-operation in furtherance of it. They will require, of course, your countenance and aid as the commander-in-chief, nd especially will it be necessary for you to determine (after such consultations, if any, as you may choose to have with the generals under your command) the locality and lines where the huts are to be built. I am also happy to inform you that arrangements are made with Mr. James Hunter for procuring a body of 1,000 laborers for working at entrenchments for the defense of such points as you may indicate as necessary for the protection of your forces. I need not urge on you the absolute necessity of prompt determination of those questions, which are to be decided by you before Mr. Hunter and his associate can commence active work.

Your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, October 13, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Commanding Army of Potomac:

SIR: It has been represented to the Secretary of War that there is in the possession of the several regiments and battalions of your command a number of arms over and above those in the hands of the men present, which have been deposited by absentees who have left their commands, either sick, on furlough, or by reason of discharge. The Secretary considers that these surplus arms, as well as the accouterments belonging to them, are liable to loss by reason of the rapid and sudden movements of the troops at any moment, and he therefore desires that you will cause them to be collected and deposited for safe-keeping with the officer in charge of the ordnance department at Manassas (after having them properly labored with the name and number of the regiment and battalion to which they belong), to be there held for future issue, as the necessities of the service may require..

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, A. P.,.

Numbers 442. Fairfax Court-House, October 14, 1861.

I. Major General James Longstreet, having reported for duty with this army corps, is assigned to the command of a division composed of the Fourth and Fifth Brigades. He will at once assume command of his division.

57 R R-VOL V .

