
II. Brigadier General Charles Clark will turn over the command of the post of Camp Pickens to Colonel G. B. Anderson, and report to these headquarters for further orders.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP PICKENS, October 15, 1861.

Colonel L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary General C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 12th instant, inclosing complaints of deficiency of supplies from brigade commissary, First Brigade, First Corps, the commissary to Hampton's Legion, and the commissary Ninth S. C. Regiment (one inclosure), and directing me to report "whether or not these regiments were furnished with their due proportion of those articles of the ration of which there was not a full supply." I have to reply that they have been since August 28, 1861, the earliest day after I came upon duty (August 23, 1861) at which I could so systematize the affairs of the subsistence department here as to inaugurate such a system. I am not aware of any failure to receive such proportion by any part of the troops since that time.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. BLAIR,

Major, and Commissary of Subsistence.

NEAR CHARLESTOWN, JEFFERSON COUNTY, VA., October 15, 1861.

His Excellency President DAVIS, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: The enemy crossed th Potomac at Harper's Ferry last week, and in considerable numbers-how many it is not easily ascertained, but sufficient to hold the place-and have been arriving ever since, pillaging and ravaging as they advanced. The farmers below this place are being robbed of slaves, horses, and everything the enemy can use..

Our new recruits are in the field, under Baylor, Glenn, and Hess. Colonel Ashby, with some 300 cavalry and 300 militia from Shenandoah, &amp;c., is also with us. Headquarters near Charleston, our county seat, and on the Winchester and Potomac Railroad.

The men of this vicinity at last are showing signs of resistance, and I do hope we shall be able to give a good account of the rascals. We do want a military leader in this brigade. General Carson is a most estimable gentleman, but not suited for the time and exigencies of the moment.

The enemy have long been in possession of Harper's Ferry, desecrating our soil, pillaging our defenseless and loyal people and outraging the sanctity of helpless and loyal families. The widowed mother of Captain Henderson, of a volunteer corps, doing good service all the while until shot by one of his own men, was awfully outraged-three negro men and all valuables that were portable carried off, and her house and farm left desolate. Her sons all at their posts-one, younger than the captain, in General Jonston's army. Other farms are being visited.

