
I have entered into these details because in conversation with the President, since his return from your headquarters, he has informed me that the found the same error as to the organization of the army which you seem to entertain very generally prevalent. The error, however, will probably not be productive of any further injurious consequences, as I have in a few days to communicate to you such general orders in relation to this whole subject as will dissipate all possible conflict of authority, unite the army under one common head, and give to all its leaders appropriate and satisfactory positions. I therefore refrain from making any further allusion to the subject of the Chief of Ordnance, desired by you, as the whole matter will be so arranged as to gratify all your wishes in the general orders above referred to.

I am, your obedient servant,.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

[Circular letter.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.

Richmond, October 19, 1861.

SIR: On the 8th September the following order was issued to you from this Department, and seems not to have been obeyed:
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 147. Richmond, September 8, 1861.

* * * * * *

II. As it is believed there are many arms in the hands of the troops not required by them, the commander of each army corps will detail a field officer to visit and inspect the various encampments under his control, who will take away and cause to be sent to the ordnance depot in this city all the surplus arms he may find, specifying in his returns the kind and quantity taken from each regiment.

* * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The Department requests that you will communicate what obstacles have prevented your compliance with its order; whether those obstacles still exist, and, if so, when you expect to be able to overcome them.

Your obedient servant,.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

The General R. E. LEE, G. T. BEAUREGARD, and JOS. E. JOHNSTON; Major Gens. BENJ. HUGER, J. B. MAGRUDER; and Brigadier General JOHN B. FLOYD.

ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION CORPS, A. P.,

Numbers 8. Union Mills, October 19, 1861.

No private property of citizens of the Confederate States will be taken by any person belonging to this division, except under the authority of the division commander or of the brigadier-generals commanding brigades. When private property is taken under orders for the benefit of the troops of this division, or when taken to prevent it from falling into .

