
rules have been applied in the projected reorganization of the Army of the Potomac: First, as far as practicable to keep regimens from the same State together; second, to assign generals to command the troops of their own State. I have not overlooked the objections to each, but the advantages are believed to outweigh the disadvantages of that arrangement. In distributing the regiments of the several States, it would, I think, be better to place the regiments for the war in the same brigade of the State, and assign to those brigades to brigadiers whose services could least easily be dispensed with. For this among other reasons I will mention but one: The commission of a brigadier expires upon the breaking up of his brigade. (See the law for their appointment.) Of course I would not, for slight cause, change the relation of troops and commanders, especially where it has been long continued and endeared by the trials of battle; but it is to be noted that the regiment was fixed as the unit of organization, and made the connecting link between the soldier and his home; above that all was subject to the discretion of the Confederate authorities, save the pregnant intimation in relation to the distribution of generals among the several States. It was generous and confiding to surrender entirely to the Confederacy the appointment of generals, and it is the more incumbent on me to carry out, as well as may be, the spirit of the "volunteers system." Your military objection to forming a division of the brigades of a particular State is forcible. In your army, however, that is impracticable. Virginia approximates it most nearly, and it might be well, as a defensive measure, when the accession of other troops will justify it, to transfer one Virginia brigade to the Valley District and fill its place in G. W. Smith's division by a brigade from another State. The arrangement which is proposed. You will perceive that of the four divisions, three are commanded by soldiers whose attachment to their profession and good sense will probably exclude ideas of political preferment, and the only major-general who comes immediately from civil life has in his division but one regiment from the State of which he is a native.

I will be happy to receive your views and suggestions on all subjects as fully as your convenience will permit. My sole wish is to secure the independence and peace of the Confederacy; for that I labor assiduously in my present position, and there is none other of which I would not gladly exchange it if there I could better promote the end to which my life is devoted. With great destruct the post was accepted, and my best hope has been and is that my colaborers, purified and elevated by the sanctity of the cause they defend, would forget themselves in their zeal for the public welfare.

In a recent letter of General G. W. Smith, he says:

The railroad from Richmond to Manassas does not work efficiently. Let Beauregard try to apply the remedy. This need not interfere with your general agent nor the general plan of the Executive. The subject is of vital importance to this army. Beauregard guarantees to regulate it. Try him.

Inform me what your plan is. You must have an agent, and he, to be useful, must have an appointment. I will gladly accept you aid and give you my support.

Complaints are made to me of shocking neglect of the sick, who are sent down in the trains, such as being put in burden cars which had been used to transport horses or provisions, and into which the sick were thrust without previously cleansing the cars, and there left with- .

