
regiments, and one Kentucky regiment. Third Division, under command of Major-General Longstreet: First Brigade, Brigadier General D. R. Jones, to consist of four South Carolina regiments; Second Brigade, Brigadier-General Bonham, to consist of four South Carolina regiments; Third Brigade, Brigadier-General Wilcox, to consist of four Alabama regiments; Fourth Brigade, Brigadier-General Rodes, to consist of four Alabama regiments; Fifth Brigade, Brigadier-General Taylor, to consist of five Louisiana regiments. Fourth Division, under the command of Major General E. K. Smith: First Brigade, Brigadier-General Walker, to consist of four Georgia regiments; Second Brigade, Brigadier-General Toombs, to consist of four Georgia regiments; Third Brigade, Brigadier-General Elzey, to consist of three Georgia regiments and on Maryland regiment; Fourth Brigade, Brigadier-General Evans, to consist of five North Carolina regiments; Fifth Brigade, Brigadier-General Wigfall, to consist of three Texas regiments and one Louisiana regiment.

The particular regiments of these several brigades will be designated by the commanding general of the Department of Northern Virginia, in conformity to this programme, according to States. The arrangements will be gradually carried into effect as soon as, in the judgment of the commanding general, it can be safely done under present exigencies.*

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, October 23, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Centreville:

I will send you 1,000 unarmed men immediately. Colonel Ransom marches with his regiment of cavalry to-morrow to join you.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

LEWISBURG, VA., Wednesday, October 23, 1861.

G. W. MUNFORD, Esq., Secretary of the Commonwealth:

DEAR SIR: I hope that you will excuse me for troubling you with a line, and if you are not the proper person to write to on such subjects, do, if you please, pass this line to the proper officer. General Loring's command is falling back to this place, which is west of Meadow bluff, and from here they go northward to Greenbrier River Brigade, where it is said that the Federalists are pressing a regiment left to guard that pass. One regiment passed late last evening, and another regiment is passing while I write. It is cold and raw and showery, and some of the regiment that passed this morning came in the last night, and in the dark and wet and mud, poor fellows, could get no place to sleep or anything to eat. A distant relative of mine here of the name of Wetzel provided for six of them. Many lay out in the rain all night; many drank and caroused all night, and I am really fearful that it is this unnecessary exposure that has got so many on the sick list.

For a long time yet Lewisburg must be the base of operations, and there could be, and ought to be, a shed built here, as well to protect [the men] from the weather [and] such military stores as remain here for days

---------------

*Paragraph 3 modified by G. O., Numbers 18. See November 16, post. .

---------------

