
venience and injury, that the enemy will perhaps cross and give me battle under the conditions which I demand for success. But if the enemy will not do so, and persists in holding on to his present position against all temptations and invitations, his force is to powerful, and mine so small, that I shall be unable to do anything wit him unless the Department can prevail on General Lee to make a movement against his front. My march to this points only part of a larger plan. By it General Lee, with his large army on Sewell Mountain, should have operated on the front of the enemy, while I made my way through a desert to attack his flank. I have done my part of this work, but I have not heard of General Lee's movements, and unless he should make them speedily, I fear that this campaign must end without any decisive result, and that all the force lately assembled around Sewell Mountain will be of no profit to the war.

In the mean time I await anxiously the views of the Department as to the proper winter quarters for the troops under my command. I have already placed the Department in full possession of my own ideas, and pray that it may speedily decide upon them.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,.

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Commanding Army of Kanawha.

CENTERVILLE, October 28, 1861.

President DAVIS:

Informant in Washington says marine expedition is aimed at Cape Fear River and occupation of Wilmington, Smithville, and Fayetteville Arsenal, North Carolina.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, October 28, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Centerville:

Just heard from Norfolk that the enemy's great fleet is going to sea, thus indicating that the threat of attack on the Rappahannock was intended to deceive us.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GEN'S OFFICE,Numbers 192. Richmond, October 28, 1861.

* * * * * * *

VII. Major General T. J. Jackson, Provisional Army, is assigned to the command of the Valley District in the Department of Norther Virginia, and will proceed to establish his headquarters at Winchester, or such other point as he may select.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General. .

