HEADQUARTERS,Centreville, November 2, 1861.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

SIR: About the middle of October I was visited at Fairfax Court-House by a Mr. Hunter, who had entered into an engagement with the War Department to provide materials for and otherwise aid in the constructions of huts for winter quarters. He expected, I understood, to have his saw-mills in operations in this vicinity within ten days from that time. I have not heard of him since that interview. As time is very important in the matter of erecting winter quarters, I respectfully, ask that Mr. Hunter be requested to commence his operations without delay.

I do not know his address.

Your obedient servant,.

J. E. JOHNSTON,.

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Centerville, November 2, 1861.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

SIR: Brigadier-General Carson, now commanding in the valley of the Shenandoah, reports a force under his command of 900 infantry (militia) and the same number of cavalry, including McDonald's regiment. It appears, therefore, that more than half the militia left in service at winchester by me have been either discharged or permitted to stay at home. From the latest intelligence from that country I am inclined to think that it may be expedient to send Major-General Jackson to his district. Brigadier-General Carson reports that he has called out three regiments of infantry (militia) from the counties on the southwest of Winchester. I am told by a gentleman just from Winchester that he is sending flintlock muskets to Richmond to be altered. If he does or has done so, I respectfully ask that they be sent immediately back. I suppose that no other troops than militia can be furnished to General Jackson. if so, I beg that measures may be taken by the War Department to call out several thousand more without delay. I cannot, because without information as to the counties which should be called upon or the arms which can be supplied.

It is reported that the enemy intend to repair the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and put it in operation. It is of great importance to us to prevent it. For this I will send General Jackson to his district whenever there is prospect of having such a force as will enable him to render service.

General Carson reports the enemy's force in Romney to be from 2,500 to 5,000. It is said also that General Loring has no enemy near him. If so, might he not drive off this party and move into the valley?

Your obedient servant,.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Union Mills, Va., November 2, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Your letter of the 31st ultimo, in regard to the objections made by General Johnston to the reorganization of my division, has just been received..

