
and thence join you by the best route. If you can send forward to Lewisburg to notify him as to that route and afford him such facilities as may be in your power, it would be advisable to do so. Two Virginia regiments now here are under orders to join you, via Lewisburg, and will probably leave in a day or two. It would be well to have instructions left at Lewisburg as to the route these regiments are to take on leaving there.

Very respectfully,&amp;c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, November 5, 1861.

General W. W. LORING, Huntersville, Va.:

GENERAL: You will send, with the least delay practicable, Brigadier-General Donelson with Colonels Savage's and Fulton's regiments, Tennessee volunteers, to re-enforce General Floyd; and after retaining the 4,500 men for the defense of the Monterey and Huntersville lines, reported by you as necessary to guard the passes, you will send the remainder of the troops of your command to Staunton, there to await orders.

General Donelson's brigade will march to Lewisburg, and thence join General Floyd by the best route.

Very respectfully, &c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General. .
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. General 'S OFFICE,Numbers 206. Richmond, November 5, 1861.

* * * * * * *

II. Major General T. J. Jackson, Provisional Army, will immediately proceed to Winchester, Va., and assume command of the Valley District, agreeable to his assignment in General Orders, Numbers 15, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, of October 22, 1861. The brigade formerly under his command will with the least practicable delay be attached to the Valley District. The force thus detached from the Potomac District will be replaced by the following troops, viz:

The Fourth and Fifth Texas Regiments to be assigned to Brigadier-General Wigfall's brigade. Colonel Woffrod's Eighteenth Regiment Georgia Volunteers, Colonel Judge's Fourteenth Regiment Alabama Volunteers, Colonel Smith's Twenty-seventh Regiment Georgia Volunteers; the last three regiments mentioned to be assigned by General J. E. Johnston.

III. The Fifty-sixth and Fifty-seventh Regiments of Virginia Volunteers, Colonels Stuart and Armistead commanding, will proceed without delay, via Lewisburg, to join Brigadier-General Floyd's command in Western Virginia.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

