
RICHMOND, November 7, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Department of Northern Virginia, Centreville, Va.: .

SIR: Your letter of the 4th instant* has been submitted to the Secretary of War, and I am instructed to inform you that the number of troops to be sent to Staunton, Va., under instructions to Brigadier-General Loring, of the 5th inst. (copy herewith), + is estimated at between 6,000 and 7,000 effective men. It is designed by the Secretary of war that this force be sent to your command on its arrival at Staunton, and orders to that effect will be given, unless some unforeseen event should required its presence in a different quarter.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS,Centreville, November 7, 1861.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant-General:

I respectfully remonstrate against the sending off the brigade lately commanded by Major-General Jackson to the Valley District. he will be opposed to raw troops, we to the enemy's best. Our force is raw; far too small for the object it is expected to accomplish. I suggest that troops be drawn instead from H. R. Jackson's and Loring's command.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General..

RICHMOND, November 7, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Centreville:

The brigade of General Jackson was ordered to join him as a matter of urgent necessity, and on due consideration of your position I send you double the number of men to replace it. The Valley District is entirely defenseless, and will fall into the hands of the enemy unless General Jackson has troops sent to him immediately. You are requested to send him his brigade without delay, as there is imminent danger of the capture of Winchester by enemy. Send with the brigade the battery of Rockbridge artillery, in place of which I have sent you another battery this morning.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, November 7, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Centreville, Va.:

I have one Alabama and one Georgia regiment here for you, both unarmed, and numbering together over 2,000 men. Shall I send them to Fredericksburg or wait till the railroad can take them to Manassas?

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

---------------

*Not found.

+See inclosure to Cooper to Floyd, November 5, p. 938. .

---------------

