
hospitals without the authority of the medical director. Applications for this authority must be made in writing, specifying the names and diseases of the patients, and be handed in to the office of the medical director between the hours of 9 and 10 a. m.

V. When a soldier is sent to general hospital, his company commander shall certify and send with him his descriptive list and account of pay and clothing.

VI. Male nurses and cooks for general hospitals are to be detailed from the privates of the army, regular and volunteer. The allowance will be 1 nurse to 10 patients, and 1 cook to 30. Where women are employed, the number of men to be called for will not exceed the

number sufficient to make up the whole force to the allowance above authorized. Hired nurses and cooks will be forthwith discharged.

VII. Men reported at the general hospitals for duty will be sent by the surgeons in charge to the office of the medical director at 10 a. m. for the passes necessary for them to rejoin their regiments.

VIII. Medical officers joining this army for duty, with or without troops, will report promptly to the medical director in person. If with troops, they will report the number of men, the state of their supplies, and ambulance transportation.

IX. Ambulances will not be used for any other than the specific purpose for which they are designed, viz, the transportation of the sick and wounded, except by the written authority of the brigade commander, the medical director of the army, and the quartermasters in charge of them in the city of Washington. The provost-marshal is directed to see that the provisions of this order are carried out, and will arrest every officer and confine every private and non-commissioned officer who is found violating it.

X. All Government ambulances now in possession of regiments or separate corps will be turned in to the chief quartermaster, with the exception of 1 two-wheeled ambulance to each regiment. One two-wheeled transport cart will be allowed to each general hospital for the conveyance of marketing and hospital stores.

XI. The reveille will not be beaten until after sunrise, and hot coffee will be issued to the troops immediately after reveille roll-call, as a preventive of the effects of malaria.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Appendix C.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Medical Director's Office, Washington, November 25, 1861.

The inspectors of hospitals assigned to duty with the Army of the Potomac will proceed to the camps of such divisions of the army as they may be directed to visit from time to time, and will institute careful and rigid inspections as to the following points:

I. Whether there is a brigade surgeon on duty with the brigade; what is his name and date of commission; whether he is active, competent, and attentive to his duties; whether the duties assigned to brigade surgeons in General Orders, Numbers 20, are fully comprehended and faithfully carried out.

II. Whether each regiment in any brigade is provided with a surgeon and assistant surgeon; what are their names, dates of commission, and dates of mustering in; whether they are present and for duty.

