
with their regiments; if absent, by what authority, for what reasons, and how long.

III. The number of hospital tents; how many have been received, and from what source; whether they are used for the sick; if diverted to any other use, by what authority this was done; whether the hospital tents are properly located, sufficiently warmed and ventilated, furnished with bunks and bedding, and kept in good police.

IV. Whether there is a competent hospital steward and a sufficient number of hospital attendants; whether these men are well selected, and attentive to their duties.

V. How many men are sick in hospital; how many in quarters? What are the prevailing diseases in each?

VI. Whether there is a brigade hospital; if so, how is it situated; how served; stewards, attendants, &amp; c. What kind of building is it? Is it comfortable, in good repair, and sufficiently provided with bunks and bedding? Can it be advantageously dispensed with? Should any of the patients be sent to the general hospitals? How many patients does it contain, and what are the diseases? Is the building sufficiently ventilated and warmed?

VII. What is the condition of medicines, hospital stores, instruments, and dressings? Are they sufficient to enable the regiment to take the field? If deficient, in what respect? Has any record been kept of the supply received? Havee they been judiciously and faithfully used?

VIII. Has the hospital fund been kept in accordance with paragraph 1, General Orders, Numbers 9; if not, who is responsible for the neglect?

IX. How many and what kind of ambulances are on hand; what is their condition; from what source were they received? Is their use strictly confined to the transportation of the sick and the ambulance drills; if not, who is to blame?

X. Are the records of the hospitals properly kept? Do the surgeons send in their weekly reports to the brigade surgeons for the medical director?

XI. What is the condition of the camp? Is it well located; if not, can its location be advantageously changed? Is it well drained and well policed? Are the tents in good order and well ventilated?

XII. Are the men well clothed? Are their persons kept clean?

XIII. How is the cooking done? Are the messes inspected, and by whom? Are the provisions good?

XIV. Are the men's sinks properly located and attended to?

XV. What means are resorted to for warming the camps and are they effective?

XVI. What is the strength of the regiments?

XVII. What is the general sanitary condition of the regiment? How many would have to be sent to the general hospitals if the regiment were ordered to march?

Upon all these points a systematic report will be made to the medical director immediately after each inspection. Where the inspectors perceive hygienic errors to exist, they will call the attention of the proper authority to them at once, and state in the report of the inspection that they have done so. The inspectors will also examine the medical officers upon their duties, to ascertain whether they understand them, taking the regulations as their guide. They will instruct the medical officers in their duties, being careful to correct any errors they may have imbibed, and to point out to them the scope and correct manner of performing their duties.

