
Second Brigade, Brigadier-General Wilcox, to consist of five Alabama regiments.

Third Brigade, Brigadier-General Rodes, to consist of five Alabama regiments.

Fourth Brigade, Brigadier-General Taylor, to consist of four Louisiana regiments and Louisiana battalion.

Fifth Brigade, Brigadier-General Griffith, to consist of four Mississippi regiments.

Second Division, under Major General G. W. Smith:

First Brigade, Brigadier General S. Jones, to consist of four Virginia regiments.

Second Brigade, Brigadier-General Early, to consist of four Virginia regiments.

Third Brigade, Brigadier-General Trimble, to consist of two Virginia, two Tennessee, and one Kentucky regiments.

Fourth Brigade, Brigadier-General Cocke, to consist of four Virginia regiments.

Fifth Brigade, Brigadier-General Garnett, to consist of four Virginia regiments, en route.

Third Division, under Major-General Longstreet:

First Brigade, Brigadier General D. H. Hill, to consist of five North Carolina regiments.

Second Brigade, Brigadier General D. R. Jones, to consist of four South Carolina regiments.

Third Brigade, brigadier-General Bonham, to consist of four South Carolina regiments.

Fourth Brigade, Brigadier-General Wigfall, to consist of three Texas regiments.

Legion, Colonel Hampton, to consist of the Hampton Legion.

Fourth Division, under Mj. General E. K. Smith:

First Brigade, Brigadier General H. R. Jackson, to consist of four Georgia regiments, en route.

Second Brigade, Brigadier-General Toombs, to consist of four Georgia regiments.

Third Brigaded, Brigadier-General Elzy, to consist of there Georgia and one Maryland regiments.

Fourth Brigade, Brigadier-General Evans, to consist of four Georgia regiments.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

DUMFRIES, November 16, 1861.

General S. COOPER:

What are they sending me unarmed and new regiments for? Don't want them. they will only be in my way. Can't feed them nor use them. I want re-enforcement not recruits. They can do no good here, and will only seriously embarrass and operations.

W. H. C. WHITING.

61 R R-VOL V

