
duly received and submitted to the Secretary of War and to such department of the staff to which they related, which instructions. Your inquiries respecting unarmed regiments sent from this city to Manassas and Evansport have been answered by telegraph.

The regiments as they arrive at Staunton from General Loring's command will be pushed forward to Manassas, but it is proper to state that by a letter received to-day from General Loring it is apprehended that the force that quarter will be considerably reduced, as he remarks that his position immediately in front of the enemy cannot be weakened by the withdrawal of his troops at present.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Centreville, November 19, 1861.

Brigadier General N. G. EVANS, Commanding at Leesburg:

GENERAL: Your letter of yesterday calling for instructions has been refereed to me. None more definite can be given you that those contained in my letters of the 17th* and 30th ultimo. You must be guided by circumstances, as therein referred to. Should you be able to dispute successfully with your present force the passage of the Potomac by the enemy, your are expected necessarily to do so, for which purpose you must have your brigade distributed at or about Leesburg, retreating only before a very superior force, which you will endeavor to stop as long as practicable at Carter's and Ball's Mills; from there you will, if overpowered, either join us here or fall back on Manassas via Sundley (according to circumstances), where you will also endeavor to make as to the movements and intentions of the enemy, and harass you are little as practicable by marches and countermarches.

You should leave, under prover guard, at or about Carter's Mill all the heavy baggage not already sent back to Manassas and not required by your brigade in a more advanced position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

HUNTERSVILLE, November 19, 1861.

General S. COOPER:

GENERAL: Has my letter of the 9th instant been received, and does Special Orders, Numbers 222 [November 14], contemplate a further withdraw; from the Huntersville line? Notwithstanding my report therein, at least two regiments will be detached immediately from the Monterey line.

W. W. LORING,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

* See Beauregard's report of engagement at Ball's Blur, p. 347.

---------------

