
of much personal comfort; but I feel that the troops will be prepared to make this sacrifice when animated by the prospects of important results to our cause and distinction to themselves.

It may be urged against this plan that the enemy will advance on Stauton or Huntersville. I am well satisfied that such a step would by make their destruction more certain. Again, it may be said that General Floyed will be cut off. To avoid this, if necessary the general has only to fall back towards the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad. When Northwestern Virginia is occupied in force, the Kanawha Valley, unless it be the lower part of it, must be evacuated by the Federal forces, or otherwise their safety will engagered by forcing a column across from the Little Kanawha between them and the Ohio River.

Admitting that the season it too far advanced, or that from other causes all cannot be accomplished that has been named, yet through the blessing of God, who has thus far so wonderfully prospered our cause, much more may be expected from General Loring;'s troops, according to this programme, then can be expected from them where they are. If you decide to order them here, I trust for the purpose of saving time all the infantry, cavalry, and artillery will be directed to move immediately upon the reception of the order.* The

enemy, about 5,000 strong, have been for some time slightly fortifying at Romney, and have completed their telegraph from that place to Green Spring Depot. Their forces at and near Williamsport are estimated as high as 5,000, but as yet I have no reliable information of their strength be young the Potomac.

Your most obedient servant,

.

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General, P. A. C. S.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,Centreville, November 21, 1861.

Respectfully forwarded. I submit that the troops General Loring might rendered valuable services by taking the field with General Jackson, instead of going into winter quarters, as now proposed.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Centreville, November 22, 1861.

General COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

SIR: I have received Major-General Jackson's place of operations +_ in his district, for which he asks for re-enforcements. It seems to me that he proposes more than can well be accomplished in that high, mountainous country (preventing the reconstruction of the Baltimore nd Ohio Railroad and incursions by marauders into the counties of Jefferson, berkeley, and Morgan) can be supplied to General Jackson, and with them those objects accomplished, we shell have reason to be satisfied, so far as the Valley District is concerned.

---------------

* See Johnston to Cooper, November 22, p. 966, and Benjamin to Loring, November 24, p. 968.

+ Jackson to Benjamin, November 20, p. 965.

---------------

