
the defense of the coast we are relying upon those, often render me sufficiently to keep me in the saddle all night.

* * * * *

Very truly, your friend,

R. L. T. BEALE.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS AQUIA DISTRICTS, December 2, 1861.

Major Beale is in command on the Northern Neck. He is a man of cool discrimination, great intelligence, and in every way perfectly reliable. There are only a few companies of volunteers down there, and my great fear is the enemy will attempt in the Northern Next what they have practiced in Accomac.

Very respectfully,THE. H. HOLMES,

Major-General, Commanding District.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS., FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF POTOMAC,

Numbers 513. Near Centreville, Va., November 30, 1861.

The following disposition of the troops of this army corps will be made immediately:

I. Rode's brigade, of the First Division, will take up a position in rear of Bull Run. One regiment will guard the fords from Union Mills to McLean's Ford, inclusive, and the other three will be encamped as near to the Orange and Alexandria Railroad as the nature of the ground will permit in the direction of Manassas, convenient and central to the fords guarded by the other regiment.

II. Major-General Van Dorn will select and establish a new line of battle for Bonham's and Early's brigades immediately in rear of Little Rocky Run; Early's right on this new line to rest on Bull Run, in the vicinity of McLean's Ford, and Bouham's left as near to Cocke's present right as practicable from the nature of the ground. For the present these two brigades will not abandoned their encampments, however unless in the event of a seriously-threatened attack by the enemy, when they will immediately remove their encampments to the rear of the new line of battle, under the orders of Major-General Van Dorn.

III. The ridge commanding McLean's Fiord, where Brigadier January D. R. Jones had his former headquarters, will be occupied, as an outpost, by a strong detachment from Early's brigade.

IV. General Van Dorn will complete the bridge at McLean's Ford on trestles, as soon as practicable, and will discontinue week on the one trestles, as soon as practicable, and will discontinue work on the one near the railroad-Bull Run Bridge. He will make or open a good road from the rear of the new line of battle, hereinbefore directed, to Blackburn's Ford Brigade, if one does not already exist, and will also Walker as soon and as much as practicable, the road leading from Camp Walker to Davis' Ford, by cutting off angles, and will make other needful improvements of that road.

V. Major-General Longstreet will open at once with his division a. good and direct road from the right of Cocke's brigade to the left of Bonham's,a nd will throw a strong brigade across the small run between these two positions.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

