
STAUTON, December 1, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

I have come to Staunton with the view of carrying out the plans proposed in my communication to you. * I have already given every order necessary to do so. Shall I proposed? Four regiments from the Monterey line have been ordered by General Cooper Mannassas. I have directed two other regiments to come here from Millborough. Is it your intention to detach all those regiments from his command? I thought preparatory to the movement I would order them here.

W. W. LORING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHWESTERN ARMY,Staunton, Va., December 1, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: I am now pushing the sick and munitions to the rear as rapidly as possible, and have given orders to all trains to go back lightly loaded with train and return with supplies a large amount having collected both at Monterey and Huntersville. Since my last letter I have heard of on movement of the enemy, except that they are sending their spare troops near the railroad to Romney. The information comes to me through a reliable spy, sent to Philippi and Laurel Hill. From what he could learn they sending any troops from Cheat or Beverly in that direction. I came here to-day to carry into effect the proposed campaign, and find a telegram sending four regiments to Manassas. It is proper to state that,in consequence of moments made, in which I have been endeavoring to carry our your instructions, officers at a distance from my headquarters have been telegraphing without my authority to Richmond, the result of which has been a conflict or orders.

One of the object I had in bringing the regiments to Staunton was that they should not only be ion the spot for the contemplated movement, but should be in readiness for any emergency.

With respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding, &amp;c.

RICHMOND, December 2, 1861.

TO QUARTERMASTER AT DUBLIN STATION, VA.:

Send the following instructions, either by telegram or by special express, to General Floyd:

Fall back with your command at Fublin Station, on Virginia and Tennessee Railroad, leaving such portion behind as you may deem necessary to gather up you sick and bring them east.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

---------------

* See Loring to Benjamin, November 29, p. 983.

---------------

