
WASHINGTON, November 30, 1861.

I have every reason to believe, from all I can hear, that McClellan will certainly make sa bolt at you next week. Watch him on every hand, Every deceive will be used to deceive you. An impression will be made on every hand that no advance will be made; that the army will go into winter quarters, &amp;c. Pay no attention to such reports. I say, watch by land and by water. I also caution you to look to the several fleet non being fifteen out-Butler's and Burnside's; they will make a demonstration soon. Watch Norfolk and your River. A meaner set of devils never lived than Butler and Burnside. They would do anything to succeed-burn cities, murder men, women, and children, and do every other wicked thing they can, if by so doing they can raise themselves a button hole higher with the Northern Yankee devils. Kill the devils incarnate wherever you find them. Watch your batteries ont eh Potomac by day and by night. The darkest night may be selected to attack your batteries. i expect to send you a dispatch in a day or two from a lady friend,:"Mrs. Argie." You know she received your letter, and was more than delighted to hear from you.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. General 'S OFFICE,Numbers 252. Richmond, Va., December 3, 1861.

* * * * *

The regiment from Mississippi now serving in the Potomac District will without delay be organized into brigades, as district in General Orders, Numbers 18, from this office, surrent series, as follows:

Fist Division, Major-General Van Dorn.

First Brigade, Brigadier-General Whiting.

Second Mississippi Regiment, Colonel [W. C.] Falkner..

Elevent Mississippi Regiment, Colonel [W. H] Moore.

Thirteenth Mississippi Regiments, Colonel [William] Barksdale.

Seventeenth Mississippi Regiment, Colonel [W. S.] Feathgerston.

Eighteenth Mississippi Regiment, Colonel [T. M.] Griffin.

Fifth Brigade, Brigadier-General Griffith.

Twelfth Mississippi Regiment, Colonel [Henry] Hughes.

Sixteenth Mississippi Regiment, Colonel [C.] Posey..

Nineteenth Mississippi Regiment, Colonel [C. H.] Mott.

Twenty-first Mississippi Regiment, Colonel [Benjamin G. Humphreys.

The above regiments will join their respective brigades without delay.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, December 4, 1861.

Brigadier-General LORING, Stauton Va.:

Your letter of 1st instant received. Use your discretion about all the regiments sent from your command, and countermand, if you thinks proper, the order sending the four regiments to Manassas.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

