
STAUNTON, December 4, 1861.

Major R. G. COLE:

Ask wheater I can stop the four regiments under Taliaferro now marching to Strasburg. Reply immediately, so that I can do so, as they reach the railroad to-morrow at Mount Jackson.

W. W. LORING.

RICHMOND, December 4, 1861.

General LORING, Stauton, Va.:

Direst the four regiments under Colonel Taliaferro to proceed to Winchester.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

DECEMBER 4, 1861.

Memorandum to Major Blair.

Say to Major Blain that he should at once take steps in case the enemy should get possession of Loudoun Country to drive his cattle off as they make their advance. The general understands that the major depends upon that country for his supply of cattle. If the enemy should land in large force about Leesburg, if would be impassable for the army to remain at Centreville. He would then fall back to the Rappahannock, about Brandy Station-in that vicinity. Wants to know where Mr. Buckner is; understands that the major has a packing establishment at Thoroughfare, on the Manassas road; wants his to consider it Brandy Station, Orange and Alexandria Railroad, would not be better. The major should determine this himself. Wants information about the 6,000 cattle mentioned in his letter; should always keep five days' supply on hand; he thinks should be as much beef as bread; says that a large supply of beef, looking to all possible contingencies, should be under the major's central inside of our lines, and with such steps taken as would enable them to be driven off at a movement's notice.

E. J. HARVIE,

Captain, Acting Inspector-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. General 'S OFFICE,No 254. Richmond, December 4, 1861.

* * * * *

IV. The command under Brigadier-General Floyd will return from its present position and take post near Newborn, on the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad and there await further order. A portion of the command will be left to bring up the sick and disabled.

The brigade of General Donelson, to include also the regiment under Colonel Starlike, will proceed from their present position to the nearest point on the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad, and thence to Bowling Green, Ky. where they will report for duty to General A. S. Johnston, commanding.

The Wise Legion, under command of Colonel J. Louis Davis, will repair

