
to Richmond, Va., by the nearest railroad route, and report to General Winder, commanding Department of Henrico.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 565. December 4, 1861.

Brigadier General F. H. Hill is assigned to the command of the forces at Leesburg, and will reported to General G. T. Beauregard.

By command of General Johnston:

THOS. G. RHETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 566. December 4, 1861.

Brigadier General Richard B. Garnett will proceed two Winchester, to take command of the First Brigade, and will reported to Major General T. J. Jackson, commanding the Valley District.

By command of General Johnston:

THOS. G. RHETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, December 5, 1861.

General HUGER, Commanding, &amp;c., Norfolk:

GENERAL: Dispatches (confidential) have been received for the commanders at Manassas converting important reliable information received by them rom different but undoubted sources, and all agreeing in the particulars, the sum of which is that the plan of the enemy is to affect to go into winter quarters, while at the same time extensive and active preparations are going on, making pontoons, collecting provision, and making preparations for erecting batteries as they proceed. Their army is to be divided into five division, Hooker on the Potomac below, McCall, McDowell and McClellan in the center, and Banks above. When all is thready a simultaneous movement is to made by division, and a desperate attack on the part of Banks and Hooker at each side, to outflank and get behind the Confederate Army and fortifications, while the three central division push forward and fortify as they go. This movement os to be a desperate one, and every effort made to secure success. The expression used is that they ill being Richmond before two weeks. It is also stated that a simultaneous attack would be made on Norfolk and on James and York Rivers.

This communications is sent to you at the instance of the President, who fears in relation to the battery at Burwell's Bay, because of the legality to a lang attack. Your attention is invited to that quarter. Have you any rifled guns in battery terre? No time is to be lost, as the attack will probably made this or the coming week. General Marguder has been advised of the information here communicated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

