THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 1,
ILLINOIS.
Ellihu B. Washburne, Thomas L. Harris,
Jesse O. Norton, Samuel S. Marshall.
James Knox,
MISSOURI.
Luther M. Kennett, Thomas P. Akers,
Gilchrist Porter, JohnS. Phelps.
James J. Lindiey,
ARKANSAS.
Alfred 8, Greenwood.
MICHIGAN.
William A. Howard, David S. Walbridge,
Ilenry Waldion, George W. Peek.
FLOKIDA.
Augustus E. Maxwell.
TEXAS'.
Lemuel D. Evans, P. H. Bell.
IOWA.
James Thonngton.
WISCONSIN. *
Daniel Wells, Jr., Charles Billmghurst.
CaUwaladci C.Washburne,
CALIFORNIA. MINNESOTA.
James W. Denvei. Heiyy M. Ihee.
OREGON. NEW MEXICO.
Joseph Jane. Miguel A. Otero.
UTAH. WASHINGTON.
John M. llernhisel. J. Patton Anderson.
NEBRASKA.
Bird B. Chapman.
NEW MEMBERS.
Hon. Gkouge T. Hodges, member elect from
the fiist congressional distuet of Vermont, in the
place of the lion. Jamks Meacuam, deceased;
Hon. mcmror 11. II. Garnf.tt, from the first
district of Virginia, in the place of the Hon.
Thovks II. Bayly, deceased; and lion. Jambs
L. I). Mouuisom, to fillj^viicaney in the eighth
district of Illinois, seve^py appeared, and were
qualified by taking the oath of office to support
the Constitution of the4IJnited vSmtes.
Mr HAIUMS, of Illinois. 1 hold m my hand
the credentials of Hon. J\mks C. Allien*, from
the seumlh congressional district of Illinois, who
was ejected from his seat m this 1 lall by a some-
what extraordinary vole, at the last session, but
who is now returned, by three thousand majority
of his constituents, to be his own successor, i
ask that he may be sworn in.
Air. Allkv was then duly qualified by taking;
the oath to support the Constitution of the United
Status.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE-
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Diciuxs, their Secretary, informing the
House that a quorum of the Senate had assem-
bled, and were ready to proceed to business.
"DELEGATE PROM KANSAS.
Mr. PHELPS. I hold m my hand the'cre-
dentials of Joiin" W. WHirniau, elected as u
Delegate fjom the Tenitory of Kansas to this
session of Congress. Mr. Wiiitfici.i) is present,
and 1 desire thai the oath of otliee be admin-
istered to him. I will ask the Clerk, however,
first to read tlie credentials.
The credentials were read, as follows:
United Slutcs of Jlmcrira,
Tcrntonj of Knnou<i:
This is to eeitm that John W Whitfield was duly elected
a D.-Soim'c to the ,-ccoiii! n'-Mon of the TUnty Fourth Con-
pre?. Oi the Tinted St,lies jrom the Teuitorj of Kansas, at
an election held on the in- t Momhy of Oetohet, US'>f>.
In t.' t uK*n} wheieoi 1 h.iw hereunto Mib-enbeii my
r n li'ind. and caiHi'd to tie :it'i\ed the -ea! ol the Ter-
" 3 rilory.
Done at Leeompton, this fcm ilav of October, 1M6.
JOil.\W. GKAUV,
Governor Kansas Territory.
By the Governor:
* a.N f ft l Woodson, Secretary.
Mr. GROW endeavored to obtain the floor.
Mr.'PHELPS. I am only asking that the
usual course be pursued in tins case, I did not
expect to meet with any objection, nor do 1 know
whether the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Guow] who just rose fiom bis seat, desires to
object to administering the oath of office to the
Delegate elect from the Territory of Kansas
Mr. GROW. I rose for that purpose; but if
tire gentleman from Missouri desires to make any
remarks, I will not make that objection now. I
do object to the oath of office being administered
to the gentleman claiming a seat as Delegate from
Kansas; and unless the gentleman from Missouri
claims the floor, I propose to state the reasons
why I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. 1 hope the gen-
tleman from Missouri will withdraw hia motion
until a message be sent to the Senate, informing
that body that a quorum of the House has assem-
bled, ana until a committee may be appointed to
join a similar committee on the part of the Senate,
to wait upon the President of the United States
and inform him that a quorum of the two Houses
have assembled, and are ready to receive any com-
munication he may be pleased to make. As this
matter will evidently lead to discussion, I suggest
the propriety of that course.
Mr. PHELPS. In reply to the request of the
gentleman from Ohio, I have to say that, if the
House sees fit to pursue an unusual course in its
organization at this session, it is not my fault.
We know that there was a vacancy in the rep-
resentation from the Territory of Kansas. The
credentials of the Delegate elect from that Terri-
tory have been presented and read to the House.
This entitles him, prima facie, to have the oath of
office administered.
Mr. GROW. I desire to know whether I am
not entitled to the floor?
Mr. PHELPS. I am merely responding to
the request of the gentleman from Ohio. At the
last session of Congress there was not only a
contested election from the Territory of Kansas,
but also from the Territories of New Mexico and
Nebraska. In each of those cases the gentleman
who held in his hands credentials signed by
the Governor of the Territory, and attested by
the Secretary of the Territory, was received, and
the oath of office administered to him without
objection.
'Mr. GROW. I desire to correct the gentle-
man.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 did not intend to say that
there was no objection, but the objection was not
insisted upon, and the Delegates wore admitted
without any votes being taken. The oath of
office was administered to them; and in the case
of the Delegate from the Territory of Kansas,
notice was given of intention to contest his seat.
The course which is now proposed to be pursued
is an unprecedented one, and contrary to all
principle which has prevailed in the organization
of this House heretofore, with the exception of
perhaps only one case, and that case was itself
an exception to the rule. I refer to the well
known New Jersey election case.
I do not propose to detain the House at this
time with a discussion of this question. The
remarks f have submitted have been made for the
purpose of showing the reasons why I refuse to
accede to the request of the gentleman from Ohio.
The House were aware that this matter would
be brought up at this time; and if we proceed
according to the usual practice in cases of this
kind, we shall not delay the progress of that busi-
ness which the gentleman from Ohio is desirous
shall pi occt.-d now.
The SPRA KER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri presents the credentials of the Delegate
elect from the Territory of Kansas, and asks
that the oath of office be administered to him.
Objection being made by the gentleman from
IVmisylvama, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to submit the question to the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. As tkis is the
short session, and there is much unfinished busi-
ness lying over, f would suggest to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, whether it would not
be better to allow this matter to pass, as it was
allowed to pass at the last session of Congress,
over to the Committee of Elections? I do not
see that anything can be lost by the adoption of
such a course.
Mr. GROW. I cannot accede to any such
request,
Mr. CAMPBELL. In making the suggestion
1 have only discharged my duty.
Mr. GROW. Air. Whitfield, the present
claimant, presented hnflfcdf as the Delegate from
Kansas at the last session of Congress 
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman yield to me ?
Mr. GROW. I will if it does not come out of
my time.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT ON THE president.
Mr. ORR. What I desire to propose is not
in reference to the case now under consideration.
I think it proper on our part to reply to the mes-
sage just received from the Senate; and that a
committee be appointed on the pa.it of the House
to wait upon the President, in conjunction with
such committee as may be appointed by the
Senate, and inform him that both Houses of
Congress have assembled, and are ready for any
communication he may choose to make to them
Mr. GROW. I desire to understand whether
by yielding to the gentleman, I lose the floor?
Mr. ORR. To avoid any such difficulty, if
the gentleman will yield for that purpose, I will
move that the further consideration of the pend-
ing question be postponed for ten minutes.
Mr. GROW. I have no objection to yield for
that purpose.
The question was taken on the motion to post-
pone; and it was agreed to. *
Mr. ORR. I move that a message be sent to
the Senate informing that body that a quorum of
the House of Representatives have answered to
their names, and are prepared to enter upon the
duties of the session.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. ORR. I now move that a committee be
appointed on the part of the House to wait upon
the President of the United States, in conjunction
with the Senate committee, and inform him that
the Houses of Congress are ready to receive any
communication he may be pleased to make to
them.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to; and the Speaker appointed as such
committee Messrs. Orr, Campbell of Ohio, and
zollicoffer.
A message was subsequently received from
the Senate, informing the House that the Senate
had appointed a committee to join a similar com-
mittee appointed on the part of the House.
THE DELEGATE FROM KANSAS AGAIN.
Mr. GROW. I presume there will now be no
objection to my proceeding immediately with the
business just postponed.
Mr. KEITT. I object.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I rise to a privileged
question. I think it to be right and proper that
we should proceed with the business which has
been postponed for ten minutes. If there bo.
objection to its resumption, I move that the
motion for postponing be reconsidered, and that
the business, the consideration of which was
postponed, be taken up and proceeded with.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the reading of the
resolution I send to the Cferk's desk.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the Hou e, immediately after
the palace of this resolution, place jn a box the name of
, eacii Member and Delegate of the House of Iteprespnt-
| atives, written on a sepaiate slip of paper; that he then
i pi creed, in the presence of the House, to draw from said
: itov, one at a time, the said slips: juul as eaeh i< diawn
: he shall announce the name of the Membei or Delegate
J upon it, who shall choose his seat for the piesent session :
j Provided, That betore &aul drawing shall commence, the
; Speaker shall cause eveiyseat to be vacated, and to remain
; vacant until it is selected.
j Mr. COBB, My motion takes precedence of
|i the resolution just read.
j! The SPEAKER. It does.
|| Mr. KEITT. I made objection to the resump-
j. tion of the Kansas case because the course sug-
;< gested by the gentleman from Pennsylvania was
j! so unusual that I was unwilling to facilitate it in
!; any way; but to accomplish the object sought by
;J the gentleman from Georgia, I wilfwithdraw my
' objection.
11 The SPFAKER. It cannot be done at this
time.
j; Mr. STANTON. What will be the effect of
<: the motion to reconsider?
|S The SPEAKER. The effect will bo to bring
! the matter postponed immediately before the
House.
1 Mr. STANTON. If the motion to reo onsider
' he agreed to, will my resolution come un when
the case of the Delegate from Kansas is disposed
! of?
; The SPEAKER. It will.
t The question was taken; and Mr. Cobb's
! motion was agreed to.
