1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3
The SPEAKER stated the question to be,
Shall the oath of office be administered to Mr. J
Whitfield as Delegate from the Territory of j
Kansas? , ;
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the i
.g-entlcman from Pennsylvania will yield the floor i
until the resolution of the gentleman from Ohio '
[Mr. Stanton-] is adopted and executed. ;
Mr. GROW. I cannot yield for that pur- ;
pose. I
Mr. GROW. Mr. Speaker, on the certificate ;
presented I am opposed to the admission of Mr.
Whitfield to a seat as Delegate from the Terri- I
tory of Kansas. The gentleman from Missouri j
[Mr. Phelps] is entirely mistaken in supposing
that this course of proceeding is unprecedented, ,
and contrary to all principle which has prevailed i
in the organization of this House. The mere j
presentation of credentials does not in all cases j
entitle the holder to be sworn in as a member of ,
this House. If the certificate of election shows j
upon its face that it is not in conformity with j
the requirements of the law upon which it is i
based, or if the law itself under which the elec- I
tion was held is upon its face in violation of the j
Constitution of the United States, or of any j
organic law of higher authority than itself, then ;
the certificate alone does not furnish such a prima ;
facie case as would, under the usual proceedings |
of the House, admit a member to a seat. j
In the case of Letcher vs. Moore, first session i
of Twenty-Third Congress, while the roll was
being called by the Clerk, and before the organ-
ization of the House, Air, Allan, of Kentucky,
objected to the "oath of office being administered
to Mr. Moore, one of his colleagues, though he
held a certificate of election. After discussion
the House proceeded to elect a Speaker and
other officers without permitting either of these
claimants to vote. The case was finally disposed
of by referring it back to the people for a new
election, without the oath of office ever being
administered to either of the claimants, though
one of them held a certificate of election.
In the celebrated New Jersey case, first ses-
sion Twenty-Sixth Congress, five persons ap-
peared at the bar of the House, claiming to rep-
resent that State, with certificates bearing the
" Broad Seal" of that Commonwealth. Yet
after two weeks'discussion the House refused to
administer the oath of office, or to permit them
to vote in its organization, and finally rejected
those holding the certificates of election, and
admitted their contestants to seats.
It is not for the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Phelps,] or myself, to reject the authority
of this precedent, for it was made by the party
with which both of us were then acting, nor
would it come with good grace from those co-
operating with that gentleman to-day. It is
unnecessary to consume time in citing other pre-
cedents, for these are amply sufficient, so far as
any precedent may be necessary to sustain my
position in this case. But, sir, were there no
precedent for this course of proceeding, the cir-
cumstances surrounding the case would of them-
selves justify it.
At the opening of the last session, the same
application was made in behalf of this claimant
as now. . I then objected to the oath of office
being administered, for the reason that, in my
judgment, it was not such a prima facie case as
to come within the usual practice of the House;
bju out of deference to the wishes of my friends,
the whole House in fact, I did not press my
■ objection for immediate action. We had been
nine weeks electing a Speaker, and some weeks
•more would, of course, be consumed in dis-
cussing the right of the claimant, which would
for that length of time prevent the further organ-
- izaiion of the House, and thus delay all action
on the other important business to come before
it. But no such considerations for delay exist
at this time, and we can as well dispose of this
cas£ now as at any subsequent day. It was
adjudicated at the last session after a most
thotQUgjh investigation, after a fuller examination
• than wa§ fever before given to a contested-election
case in the history of your Government. A com-
mittee .was sent by this House into Kansas to
investigate all the alleged frauds and irregular-
ities of the elections- in that Territory. After
examining, on oath and under cross-examination,
over three hundred witnesses, belonging to all
sections and of various political sentiments— j
taking copies of the official records of the Terri- j
tory,~and comparing the poll-books and census j
returns of each election district, they returned
and reported to this House, that at the election 1
of the members to the Territorial Assembly ,
which passed the election law, upon which is 1
based the certificate under which Mr. Whitfield j
now claims, every representative district but one '
was controlled by armed men from Missouri; and 1
that of the six thousand three hundred and seven ;
votes polled in the Territory at that election but ;
one thousand four hundred and ten were legal j
votes. By the census taken thirty days before •
this election, as required by the organic act, there
were but two thousand nine hundred and five ;
legal voters in the Territory. Thus was the ;
legislative power of this people usurped by mvad- j
ers from a neighboring State. This House, at i
its last session, with all the facts of the Kansas |
investigating committee before it, and after the |
fullest discussion, adopted this resolution: j
" Resolved, That John W. Whitfield is not entitled to a
seat in tins House as a Delegate from the Territory of
Kansas.'■>
This was the conclusion of the report of the
Committee of Elections, which declared
'•That the alleged Territorial Legislature was an ille-
gally-constituted body, and had no power to pass valid
laws, and their enactments arc therefore null and void.*'
"That the election under which the sitting Delegate,
John W. Whitfield, holds his seat, was not held in pursu-
ance of any valid law, and that it should be regarded only
as the expression of the choice of those resident citizens
who voted for him."
So the House decided that no valid election
had been held in Kansas. Why? Was it be-
cause at the alleged election* there was no con-
testant? Was it because there were illegal votes
cast, or was it because the law under which the
election was held was an invalid law? The
decision could have been upon no other ground.
The decision was, that the election was held
under a pretended law passed by a usurping
Legislature, and therefore invalid, which would,
of course, vitiate any election under it. What
change has taken place in the Territory of Kan-
sas since then ? Her legislation stands to-day as
it did on the day the House rejected this Dele-
gate, six months ago. No new laws have been
passed. Though the application of this Delegate
is renewed, it rests upon the same ground that it
did before. It is the same case over again, and
we need no precedent in deciding it. This House,
sitting as a judicial tribunal, has adjudicated the
ease, and declared that no valid election could be
held under the election laws of the Territorial
Legislature of Kansas. And why? Because the
Legislature was imposed upon that people by an
armed invasion from the State of Missouri; and
could, therefore, pass no valid law for the people
of Kansas. Mr. Whitfield's seat was then con-
tested by Andrew H. Reeder; and our position
was, that the people of a Territory had a right to
be represented in this House; anuif the majority
of the actual residents of a representative district
had chosen a Delegate, he ought to be admitted,
though the law of the Territory might be a nullity.
But the House in rejecting Mr. Reeder at the last
session decided otherwise. And the very same
tribunal that made that decision is called upon
to-dav to review it. In deciding election cases
this House sits as a judicial tribunal, and from
its decisions there can be no appeal; and a case
once adjudicated should be considered good law
at least by itself.
The fifth section of the first article of the Con-
stitution provides that " each House shall be the
judge of the elections, returns, and qualifications of
its own members;" and in order to judge of the
elections of its members it must inquire, not only
into the purity of the ballot-box and the freedom
of exercising the elective franchise by the voter,
but also, as a necessary consequence, into the
validity of the laws under which the election was
held. To judge of the returns it must see whether
the forms prescribed by the law have been ob-
served; ana to judge of the qualifications of its
members it is necessary to examine the provisions
of the local law to see whether they are in con-
flict with the Constitution of the United States,
which fixes the qualifications for member^ of
Congress.
Now, sir, I propose to show that this Delegate
does not present a prima facte case, so as to bring
it under the usual practice of the House, which
is to swear in the member or Delegate who pre-
sents a prima fucie case. In order to present such
a case the certificate must be in the form pre-
scribed by law, and the provisions of the law
upon which it is based must not be in palpable
violation of the Constitution of tho United States
If it is, there could be no valid election under it.
The face of the law and the certificate is, there-
fore, the record upon which in the first instance
we are to act.
Now, sir, without stopping to inquire into the
validity of the Territorial Legislature of Kansas,
or their authority to enact valid laws—though I
deny that there is a by validity in any act of that
Territorial Assembly, because its powers were
never derived from the just consent of the gov-
erned, and is, therefore, an absolute usurpation,
void from the beginning—I propose to show,
from the law itself, even though the Legislative
Assembly had valid power to enact it, that the
law upon its face is void, and that any election
held under it is, therefore, a nullity. Tnis House
need not wait the report of the Committee of
Elections, where the record shows such a state
of facts. The bill passed by Congress organizing
the Territory of Kansas, prescribed the qualifica-
tion of voters in that Territory in the fifth section
of that act, which reads:
" That every free white male inhabitant above the age of
twenty-one years who shall be an actual resident of said
Territory, and shall possess the qualifications hereinafter
prescribed, t-hail be entitled to vote at the first election, and
shall be eligible to any office within the said Territory; but
the qualifications of voters and of holding office, at all sub-
sequent elections, shall be such as shall be prescribed by
the Legislative Assembly: Provided, That the right of suf-
frage and of holding office shall he exercised only by citizens
of the United States, and those who shall have declared on
oath their intention to berome citch, and shall have taken an
oath to support the Constitution of the United States and
the provisions of this act."
New, the Territorial Legislature of Kansas
cannot permit any person to vote in that Terri-
tory who is excluded by that proviso. If they
have done so in the enactment of their election
law it is an invalid law, and any election held
under it would, consequently, be an invalid elec-
tion. The eleventh section of the election law of
the Territory of Kansas prescribes the qualifica-
tion of voters. I read from the laws of Kansas,
published by order of Congress, page 282:
" Sec. 11. Every free white male citizen of the United
States, and every free white male Indian who is made a
citizen by treaty or otherwise, and over the age of twenty-
one years, who shall be an inhabitant of this. Territory, and
of the ceunty or district in which he offers to vote, and shall
have paid a territorial tax, shall be a qualified elector for
all elective offices; and all Indians who are inhabitants of
this Territory, and who may have adopted, the customs of the
white man, and who are liable to pay taxes, shall be deemed
citizens: Provided, That no soJdier, seaman, or marine, in
the regular Army or Navy of the United States, shall be
entitled to vote by reason of being in service therein: Jlnd
provided further, That no person who shall have been con-
victed of any violation of any provision of an act of Con-
gress entitledi An act respecting fugitives from justice, and
persons escaping from the service of their masters,' ap-
proved February 12,1793; or of an act to amend, and sup-
plementary to said act, approved 18th of September. 1850,
whether such conviction were by cnminal proceeding or
by civil action for the recovery of any penalty prescribed by
either of said acts, in any courts of the United States, or of
any State or Territory, of any offense deemed infamous,
shall he entitled to vote at any election, or to hold any
office in this Territory: J3nd provided further, That if any
person offering to vote shall be challenged and required to
take an oath or affirmation, to be administered by one of
the judges ofthe election, that he will sustain the provi-
sions of the above recited acts of Congress, and of the act
entitled 4 An act to organize the Territories of Nebraska
and Kansas,' approved May 30, 1854, and shall refuse to
take such oath, or affirmation, the vole of such person shall be
rejected.
u Sec. 12. Every person possessing the qualification of a
voter, as hereinbefore prescribed, and who shall have resided
in this Territory thirty days prior to the election at which
he may offer himself as a candidate, shall be. eligible as a
Delegate to the House of Representatives of the United
States, to either branch of the Legislative Assembly, and to
all other offices in this Territory, not otherwise especially
provided for: Provided, however. That each member of the
Legislative Assembly, and every officer elected or appointed
to office under the laws of this Territory, shall, in addition
to the oath or affirmation specially provided to be taken by
such officer, take an oath or affirmation to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, the provisions of an JHt en-
titled (An act respecting fugitives from justice, and persons
escaping from the service of their masters,' approved Feb-
ruary 12,1793, and of an act to amend, and supplementary
to said last-mentioned act, approved September 18,1850 
and of an act entitled 6 An act to organize the Territories
of Nebraska and Kansas,' approved May 30,1854.^
The provision in the organic act passed by
Congress is, that no person shafl yote in th$t
Territory at the first or any subsequent eieo-
