1808.
TIP CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lar, containiBjrany denial of the right of persons to hoid
etavcs in this Territory,such person shall be deemed guilty
of felony, and punished by imprisonment at hard labor for
•a term of not less than two years."
This is the kind of punishment at hard labor
provided by this code:
" The jailor, keeper, or other person, having charge of
.such convict, shall cause such convict, while engaged at
such labor, to be securely routined by a diam sin feet in
length, of not less than four sixteenths nor mvre than three
eighth* of an inch Link, n:Uh a round ball of iron, of not less
than four nor more than six inches in diameter attached ;
Which chain shall be securely fastened to the ankle of euch
convict witb a strong lock and key. And such keeper, or
other person having charge of such convict, may, if neces-
sary, confine such convict, while so engaged at hard labor,
by other chains or other means in his discretion, so as to
keep such convict secure and prevent his escape. And
when til ere shall be two or more convicts under the charge of
such Keeper, or otber.psrsonjsuch convicts shall be fastened
together by strong c&tdrn, vnth strong locks and keys, during
the time sucli convicts shall be engaged in such hard labor
vrithout the waBs of any such jail or prison."
It is these acts and the test oaths of this elec-
tion law, that the Senator from Delaware, rising
above the prejudice of his section, denounces
as becomes an American of the better days of the
Kepubiic. Where in the annals of despotism
and wrong can you find an edict of the tyrant, of
blacker or deeper infamy than those laws en-
acted on American soil, and recognized as valid
by the Executive of the Republic, and which we
are now asked to recognize as giving to the people
of the Territory the rights guarantied by the
Constitution of their country? In view of these
acts the London Times truly declares that the
enormities of Naples and Austria are reproduced in
the United Stales of America.
Mr. Speaker, I have examined this election
law somewhat in detail, citing the provisions
■which exclude*from voting a class entitled, upon
.every principle of justice and right, to the exercise,
under this Government, of the elective franchise.
I have referred to the provisions of that law
which violates the organic act passed by Con-
gress, and subverts the dearest rights of freemen
fuaran tied by the Constitution of the Republic. I
ave read a description of the legislation enacted
in the Territory of Kansas, as given by men who
.cannot be charged with partiality to my views,
or as hiding fanatical opinions—men who pro-
claim from the Senate Chamber that these laws
are infamous, oppressive, and unconstitutional.
Under such laws it is claimed that a Delegate,
coming with a certificate based on such enact-
ments, presents such a prima/aciecase as entitles
him to a seat upon this floor; and that, too, after
Congress has once adjudicated the case, and re-
fused him a seat.
Without trespassing longer upon the patience
of the House, I leave this case with the single
remark, that Congress being a judicial tribunal
when it sits upon an election case, its decisions
are conclusive upon itself on the same state of
facts. The facts have not changed since the last
session. They are precisely the same sis they
were then, and the same tribunal is now asked
to overturn its decision; and to overturn it for
what.' To recognize and give validity, so far
as can be done by our action, to an odious despot-
ism forced upon an unwilling people by fraud
and violence.
■when
elect from the Territory of Kansas, that a discus-
sion would arise in reference to the laws enacted
by the Territorial Legislature of Kansas. It may
' be proper to consider that question at an oppor-
tune time, and when it shall properly be pre-
sented. Then we can discuss the legality and
validity of the laws enacted by the Kansas Le-
gislature. But that question does not arise in the
case here presented. The seat of the Delegate
from the Territory of Kansas was, at the last
session of Congress, declared vacant. That
Territory has no Delegate on the floor—no voice
inCongress.
• At the commencement of the last session of
Congress, General Whitfield presented himself as
the Delegate duly elected by the' people of Kan-
sas, and was admitted to a seat in this House.
Governor Reeder presented his memorial, pro-
testing against the, right of General Whitfield to
a seat as the Delegate from Kansas, and claiming
that lie himself was entitled to admission in this
House as the Delegate from that Territory. The
case was examined by the Committee of Elec-
tions. That committee reported General Whit-
field was not entitled to a seat in this House, and
the House confirmed that much of the report.
That same committee also reported that Governor
Reeder, who was not elected in pursuance of any
act of Congress, or of the Legislature of Kansas,
but in defiance of all and any law whatever, was
entitled to admission in this House as the Dele-
gate from Kansas. This part of the report was
not confirmed by the House, but was sustained
by the votes of almost every Black Republican
member of the House. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] himself then voted
that Reeder was entitled to a seat in this House
as Delegate from that Territory. If the party
with which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Grow] acts had carried their point, we
should have seen Reeder sitting in this House as
a Delegate from Kansas, holding his seat here by
virtue of 110 election held in pursuance of any law
whatever, but by virtue of the exercise of arbi-
trary and tyrannical power by the House of Rep-
resentatives—tlie House of Representatives arbi-
trarily, and against law, justice, and right, con-
stituting Reeder the Delegate from Kansas. But
by good fortune that attempted usurpation was
not consummated.
In obedience to the proclamation of the Gov-
ernor of Kansas, a special election for Delegate
to this Congress was held in that Territory in
October last, at which election General Whitfield
was elected without opposition; and now the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] rises
here, when the Delegate presents his certificate
of election, and claims that this question was
adjudicated and decided by this House at the last
session of Congress, and that General Whitfield
is therefore not entitled to a seat in this body. I
deny the power of the House of Representatives
to decide, in advance of an election, " upon the
election, returns and qualification of its mem-
bers." But it is claimed that the laws under
which this election was held are unconstitutional,
and there fore void; and, consequently, that no
right can accrue under them, and that no Delegate
can be elected in pursuance of the enactments of
the Territorial Legislature of Kansas. How I de-
sire to know the difference between giving a Dele-
gate a seat upon this floor by virtue of an uncon-
stitutional or void enactment, and giving a Dele-
gate a seat upon this floor in defiance of all law ?*—
for the gentleman from Pennsylvania, during the
last session, voted to give a seat upon this floor
to a Delegate from the Territory of Kansas, who
did not claim to be elected in pursuance of any
law, either of Congress or any other legislative
body, but in defiance of all law. Where is the
difference ? There was not a semblance of right;
and yet the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and
nearly every member of the party with which he
acts, voted to give a seat to a "Delegate under
such circumstances.
Mr. GROW. I will say to the gentleman that
I stated in my remarks that the people of the
Territory were entitled to a Delegate whether
there was law or not, and that, if we could ascer-
tain whom the majority wanted, he would be
entitled to a seat here; but the House decided
otherwise.
Mr. PHELPS. I am willing to take the gen-
tleman upon his own'position. His position is,
that the people of Kansas are entitled to a Dele-
gate upon this floor. I say they are. But" who
contests the right of Whitfield here ? Who else
claims that he is elected to fill the vacancy ? If
the gentleman is desirous to see the people of
Kansas represented upon this floor, with what
right and justice can he object to the admission
of General Whitfield? If General Whitfield has
not presented conclusive evidence of his right to a
seat in this body, he has presented th c prima facie
evidence of that right—he has presented stronger
evidence than either the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania or myself, or any other member of this
House have presented, as evidence of our re-
spective rights in this body.
Who contests the right of General Whitfield
claiming that himself, or any one but General
Whitfield, has been elected Delegate from that
Territery? Does the gentleman claim that, at
any election held in that Territory since the va-
cancy occurred, the people of that Territory have
oust votes for any person except for General
Whitfield for Delegate in Congress ? It is a fact
well known to the members of this House, that
no votes were cast in opposition to General Whit-
field—that he was unanimously elected; and it is
also well known that the Abolitionists of thai
Territory have not held a bogus election for De'o-
gate. With a knowledge of all these facts, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] op-
poses the administration of the oath of office to
General Whitfield; and his boasted love for the
people of Kansas and their rights, and his desire
to see them represented on this floor, suddenly
terminates in a zealous attempt to deprive them
of their legally-elected Delegate.
But the gentleman from Pennsylvania makes
another point. He says that the election law of
Kansas permits Indians, not citizens of the United
States, to vote at elections in that Territory. He
refers to the organic act, which prescribes that
none but citizens of the United States, or those
persons who have declared on oath their intention
to become citizens of the United States, shall be
deemed qualified voters in that Territory; and
because the election law of Kansas permits Indians
who are not citizens to vote, he urges that the
election is illegal and void. That gentleman has
earned for himself a reputation by the sympathy
he has manifested for the African race, and by
his " shrieks for freedom." But when he dis-
covers a Territorial Legislature has by its legisla-
tion permitted Indians to vote, his sympathy for
the colored race ceases; for the Indian is not of
sufficient ebon hue to warm up his sympathetic
breast. If the gentleman from Pennsylvania
makes the point, that Whitfield has been elected
by the votes of persons not entitled to vote, either
by the organic law or the act of the Territorial
Legislature of Kansas, that is a matter for the
Committee of Elections to inquire into. He
does not state that votes have been givenifor
General Whitfield by persons not entitled to vote,
but alleges that under the territorial laws votes
may be cast by persons not authorized to vote by
theorganic act. But to defeat General Whitfield s
election on this ground, it must bo shown that all
the votes cast at that election were cast by per-
sons notauthorized to vote. Will this House, on
this vague conjecture, with noevidence in support
of it, dccide that the Delegate shall not be admit-
ted to his seat, when, JMr. Speaker, he has pre-
sented to this House stronger evidence than either
you or I have ever presented of our rights to seats
in this Hpuse ? If it can be shown that the claim-
ant was elected by those not entitled to the right
of suffrage, I would oppose his admission to a
seat upon this floor; but such evidence cannot be
presented.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania has made a
speech which is, no doubt, a rehash of his efforts
during the late presidential canvass. He asserts
the invalidity of certain laws of the Territory
of Kansas, and holds that they ought to be
" wiped" from the statute-book. To support
his assertion, he quotes opinions of several Sen-
ators in the other branch of Congress, delivered
at the last session. If he honestly holds to this
opinion, why did not he and his party vote at
the last session to take from the Speaker's table
a bill from the Senate for the repeal of those very
laws to which he refers ? They refused to permit
that bill to be placed in a position where they
might be called on to vote for or against the
repeal of those laws. It would be indeed a
strange decision for us to make, that because a
particular clause or section of a law of Kansas
may be invalid or unconstitutional, therefore, to
declare null and void all the laws of that Terri-
tory. Does the gentleman pretend to say there
was any opposition to Mr. Whi,tfield at the'late
election ? Does he assert that votetf were cast for
any other candidate ? Was tter^Mjiy contest at
the late election ?
Mr. GROW. Was there anyx^ntlst at the
previous election? A few votes only were cast
for another person than Mr. Whitfield, but they
made ifo difference.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman himself has
asserted, that if ten votes were cast for a'candi-
date, and they were legal votes, no oth«sr person
being voted for, he would be elected and entitled
to a seat upon this floor. I am informed that no
votes were cast for any other person than Mr.
Whitfield at the late delegate election in Kansas
The gentleman says that that Territory is enti-
tled to a representation in this House. If 80,
