8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 1,
■when it adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet to-
morrow, at twelve, m.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Gentlemen on both
•sides, who have been most active in this matter,
havfi gone away, and I therefore insist on the
motion that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. PRINGLE. J^call for the yeas qpd nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr, COBB. I made the motion to adjourn in
food faith, and with no desire to consume time.
now withdraw it.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I move to lay upon
the table the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the House agreed that when it adjourns to-
day, it adjourn to meet to-morrow, at twelve, m.
Mr. JONES. I withdraw the motion to re-
consider.
Mr. HAVEN. I have a personal request to
make. I do not know whether it is in order. I
dislike to leave the House without its permission,
and I therefore ask to be excused from further
attendance on the House for this day.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from New York is not in order at this time.
It is competent to ask to be excused from voting
on a question immediately before the House.
Mr. JONES. In it not competent to ask to be
excused from attendance for the rest of the day?
The SPEAKER. It is not pending1 a motion
that there be a call of the House. The rules lay
,down the motions that may be made, and the
motion of the gentleman is not amongst thcA.
The question was taken on Mr. Millson's
motion; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 66, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS — Meters. Aiken, Allen, Ilendley Hennett,
Branch, Bioom, Cadvvalador, Oaskie, Howell Cobb, Wil-
liamson JU. W. OobbjCo^, Crawford,fallen, Day, Do Witt,
Dowdell, Ektmiuuhoii, Evan*, Faulknei. Flagler, Floienee,
'Thomas J. D. Puller, (Jarnett, Goode, Greenwood, Giow,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Han is, Haven, Houston,
Jewett, George \V. Jones, J. (ilaney Jones, Kelly, Kid-
"well, Lake,. Loteber, Lumpkin, MeClueen, Smith Miller,
Millson, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Quitman, Riveis, liutlin,
Sandidge, Sapp, Savage, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
 Jiam Smith, Silked, Spinner, Stewart, Thoungton, Todd,
Trippe, Ty-:on, Underwood, Walhridge, Warnrr, Watson,
Wheeler, Williams, and WuHow—(>15.
NAYS —Messrs. Allison, Henry .Bennett, Benson, l ii-
tfinghunn, Ihnglmm, tfli.^, Umdshaw, Hutfinton, Builin-
ftauie, Burnett, James II. Campbell, Chaffer, E/aa Clark,
Ciawson, Coltax, Counns, Covode, bean, Diek, Dodd, (Jid-
■<hngN, Gilbert, Granger, Robeit B. Hall, Ilarlan, Hodges,
Holloway, Valentine 11. Horton, Howard, KeNoy, Knapp,
Knight, Knowliuu, Eeiter, Mntteson, Killian Miller, Mor-
fin, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Parker, Perry, Pike,
ringJe, Purviaiicc, Purycar, Roberts, Salmi, Sage, Scott,
Stanton, Stninahan, Tappan, Thurston, Wade, Waldron,
\Cadwalader C. Wa&hburne, Kllihu B. Washburne, Welch,
Wood; and Woodruff— (U.
So it was ordered that there he a call of the
"House.
The House tlicn proceeded to cxccute its oidor.
The roll was called; and the following members
failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Akors, Hall, Barbour, Harksdale, Bell, Biidiop,
Bocock, Boyec, Brenton, Brooks, Burnett, John P. Camp
bell, Lewis I). Campbell, C.uhlr, Clumbers, Bayard Clarke,
CliDgmari, Cragui, Crarre, Damrell, Davidson, Henry
Winter JDavis, Jacob ('. Oavi-, Timothy Davis, Denver,
Dickson, Dunn, Edie, Edwaids, Elliott, Etheridge, Kutdi*,
Foster, Henry M. Fuller, Augu-tus Hall, J. Mouwm Harris,
Harrison, Heibert, Hickman, Hotl'man, Thomas R. Horton,
Ilughston, Keitt, Kemieit, King, Knox, Kunkel, Litidle),
M acc, Ahwaudei K. A3.ir>h.ill, Humphrey Mai shall, Samuel
8. Marshall, MeCarty, MeMnlhn, .Mnore, Morn -on, Noifoa,
Andrew Oliver, Moiileeai Oliver, Urr, Pame, Peatre, Pel-
ton, Penimi^Wn, Pethf.Reade, Ready, llicaud, Ttltehie. Rob-
bins, liohison, Ku-it, Seward, Sherman, Simmon.-*, William
R. Smith. Stephens, S\vopc,'T;Uliolt, Taj lor, Traltoii. Vail,
Vailv, VVakeman, Walker, Israel Washburn, VValluns,
Well?, VVIiitney, W'oodwoith, Daniel B. Wught, John V,
Wright, and Zoilienirer.
The SPEAKER, ordered the doors of the Hall
to be closed.
Mr. KNIGHT. I move that all further pro-
ceedings in the call be dispensed with.
Mr. HOUSTON. How many members an-
swered to their names ?
The SPEAKER. One hundred and thirty-
eight.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move that the
House do now adjourn'.
The motion was not agreed to.
The names of the absentees were then called
over for the purpose of receiving excuses, as
follows:
Thomas P. Akers. No excuse^iffered.
Luc tan Barbour. No excuse offered.
William Barksdale.
Mr. MILLSON. I move that Mr. Barksdale
be excused. I believe that, under the rules of
■ the House, the motion is debatable, and I will
assign my reasons for the motion. I understand
that Mr. Barksdale, from the commencement
of this unfortunate controversy to the end—for it
is a controversy aboutanadjournment—has voted
to adjourn. Now, for one, I am unwilling to
vote to fine any member who left the House after
having voted to adjourn. I must confess that the
controversy in which the House has been engaged
to-day is of momentous importance. The ques-
tion is as to whether the Delegate from Kansas,
who is entitled to no vote in this House, shall be
sworn in to-day, under the motion of the gentle-
man from Missouri, or to-morrow morning.
[Laughter.] It must be confessed that it is a
question of transeendant magnitude. [Cries of
"Good !" " Good!"] There areoccasiens when
patriotic sacrifices ought to be made by the Rep-
resentatives of the people. There are occasions
when it may be proper to exppse the reputation
of Congress to the ridicule of the people, and to
the derision of the publicpress; and perhaps, sir,
these sacrifices are justified when we reflect upon
the momentous, the stupendous question involved
in determining whether we vote to-day or to-
morrow upon the resolution offered by the gentle-
man from Missouri.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have, during my service
here, known very many controversies of this
nature, and I have always attempted to prevent
them when I have acted with' those who consti-
tuted the majority of the House.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I rise to a
question of order. It is, that the gentleman from
Virginia shall confine his remarks to the question
of excusing Mr. Barksdale.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman should confine his remarks to the question
of excusing Mr. Barksdale.
Mr. MILLSON. I am of that opinion myself.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The matter of the import-
ance or mm-iniportanco of the question is not
under consideration.
Mr. MILLSON. I assure the Speaker and
the House that J am utterly incapable of offering
opinions to the House which I do not deem per-
tinent to the question before it; and it is because
I consider that the propositions I am now pre-
senting are germane to the motion I have made,
and constitute reasons why the House should
excuse those who have voted to adjourn the
House, and terminate what I have almost been
disposed to-consider a disreputable strife, that I
have presented them. I thought there was some
weight due to the consideration that he performs
a meritorious act who is willing to terminate a
controversy such as t have described. It is for
that reason that, while I will not vote to excuse
a gentleman who has voted against an adjourn-
ment, and then himself takes leave of the House,
I am yet willing to excuse those who have voted
i to adjourn, and, finding the House disposed to
1 continue 111 .session, have thought it necessary to
leave. These are the reasons why I vote to ex-
cuse Mr. Barksdale.
Mr. STANTON. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Virginia whether there is any prob-
ability, if the House should adjourn now, that
the same effort to postpone the decision of this
question will not take place to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that that question docs not properly come within
the lange of legitimate debate.
The question was taken upon the motion of
Mr. Millson, and Mr. Barksdale was not
excused.
P. H. Belt.. No excuse offered.
James Bishop. No excuse offered.
Samuel Brenton. No excuse offered.
Preston S. Brooks. No excuse offered.
Henry C. Burnett.
Mr. GREENWOOD. 1 move that Mr. Bur-
nett be excused. A young lady came in his
charge to this city on her way to Richmond, and
he has gone to place her in charge of another j
gentleman. j
The motion was agreed to.
John P. Campbell. No excuse offered.
Lewis D. Campbell. No excuse offered.
John S. Cahlile. No excuse offered.
Samuel Caruthers. - 'No excuse offered.
Bayard Clarke. No excuse offered.
Thomas L. Clingman. No excuse offered.
Aaron H. Cragin. No excuse offered.
Burton Craige. No excuse offered.
"William S. Damrell,
Mr. CHAFFEE. Mr. Damrell is confined
to his house in Massachusetts by sickness, and
I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Thomas G. Davidson.
Mr. SANDIDGE. My colleague, Mr. David-
son, is, I suppose, in the city of New Orleans
to take evidence in regard to the outrageous
proceedings of certain wild Indians, who, pifed-
fnf the late election there, it is reported, were
parading the streets under circumstances calcu-
lated to excite alarm amongst its peaceable citi-
zens, with the view, perhaps, of having all the
facts reported to this House. He wants to see
whether a recurrence of such outrages cannot be
prevented by the General Government. [Laugh-
ter.] For this reason I move that he be excused.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move that the" sub-
ject be referred to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs. [Laughter.]
Mr. Sandidge 's motion was disagreed to.
Henry Winter Davis. No excuse offered
Jacob C^Davis. No excuse offered.
James W. Denyer. No excuse offered.
Samuel Dickson.
Mr. SAGE. Mr. Dickson is confined to his
house by sickness, and I move that he baexcused.
The motion was agreed to.
George G. Dunn.
Mr. MACE. I understand that my colleague
is detained at home by illness, and I move that
he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
John R. Edie. No excuse offered.
Francis S. Edwards. No excuse offered.
John M. Elliott. No excuse offered.
Emerson Etiieridge. No excuse offered.
George Eustis. No excuse offered.
Nathaniel G. Foster. No excuse offered.
Henry M. Fuller. No excuse offered.
Augustus Hall. No excuse offered.
J. Morrison Harris. No excuse offered.
John Scott Harrison. No excuse offered.
Philemon T. Herbert. No excuse offered.
John Hickman.
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Hickman came here un-
well, and during the day became so ill that I
advised him to go home. I move that he be
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Henry W. Hoffman. No excuse offered.
Thomas R. Horton. No excuse offered.
Jonas A. Hughston. No excuse offered.
Lawrence M. Keitt. No excuse offered.
Luther M. Kennett.
Mr. PORTER. My colleague left the House,
having paired off in consequence of indisposi-
tion. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Rufus H. King. No excuse offered.
James Knox. No excuse offered.
, John C. Kunkel. No excuse offered.
James J. Lindley. No excuse offered.
Daniel Mace. No excuse offered.
Alexander K. Marshall. No cxcuse of-
fered.
Humphrey Marshall. No excuse offered.
Samuel S. Marshall. No excuse offered.
Fayette McMullin. No excuse offered.
Oscar F. Moore. No excuse offered.
James L. D. Morrison. No excuse offered.
Jesse 0. Norton. No excuse offered.
Andrew Oliver. No excuse offered.
Mordecai Oliver. No excuse offered.
James L. Orr. No excuse offered.
Robert T. Paine. No excuse offered.
John J. Pearce. No excuse offered.
Guy R. Pelton. No excuse offered.
Alexander C. M. Pennington* No excuse
offered.
John XT. Pettit. No excuse offered.
Edwin G. Reade. No excuse offered.
Charles Ready. No excuse offered.
James B. Ricaud. No excuse offered.
David Ritchie. No excuse offered.
George R. Robbins. No excuse offered.
David F. Robison. No excuse offered.
Albert Rust. No excuse offered.
