18S6.
THE 'CON6RES9SIONAL GLOBE.
13
that I am indisposed to allow any opinion to go
abroad that we of J.he South entertain a very-
great interest in the lines of discrimination or the
shades of distinction which may be drawn as to
the extent of the alleged power on the part of the
Government of the United States to interfere
with the institution at all, in any form or shape,
or to have it supposed that we take an interest in
having it narrowed down to the question whether
that interference, when it is exerted, is to be eon-
fined to the institution outside of the States, and
is not to affect it within the States. * I know, as
has been said by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, in the course of the last canvass, occasion-
ally in public discussions, or in the newspapers,
a disclaimer has been made of any purpose to
interfere with slavery in the States. I know, as
has been said by the honorable Senator from
Mississippi, that others at the North, perhaps a
few, and perhaps of those who may be styled
the fanatical portion, have assumed a right or
have declared that a right exists to interfere with
the institution within the States. What I want
to declare here in my place on this floor is, that
to the South such distinctions are matters of im-
material concern. If the Federal Government
assumes a right, or if those should get into power
who assume a right with a purpose to exercise it
to interfere with that institution anywhere where
it exists within the United States, it is a matter
perfectly indifferent to us whether it is to be done
within the States or outside of the States. I take
not the slightest interest in the distinction which
is sought to be drawn.
Sir, I hold this to be the constitutional doctrine :
the institution of slavery existed when the Con-
stitution was formed; it is recognized there as an
existing social institution. It is not only pro-
tected by the duty imposed upon the Federal
Government to see to the rendition of fugitives
from it, but it is elevated into an element of
political power by the Constitution; it is repre-
sented and made an element of political power.
That is the contract into which we entered. I
say, then, that being so under the Constitution,
and in the spirit and tone of the Constitution, we
have a right to the just and legitimate expansion
of the institution; and if there were a power in
the Federal Government to restrict or limit that
expansion, it would be perfectly indifferent to us
whether it should be exercised by prohibiting its
expansion within the States where it exists, or
outside their limits.
It was guarantied to the States retaining it as
an element of power, for which full equivalents
were exacted and conceded; and its capacity for
expansion, fully to be enjoyed, is a necessary
part of the contract.
I say again, therefore, for myself, and as far as
I knqjtjr the opinions ofjny people, we take no
interest in northern opilfen on this subject as to
any lines of demarkation beyond which Federal
power over, this institution may not extend, ex-
cept so far as respect and loyalty to the contract
•will lead them, m union with the South, to
preserve and perpetuate the Constitution, which
otherwise must be destroyed. It is only because
of the earnest and anxious hope which I entertain,
that a fabric of Government which has had no
predecessor in the world, which, if honestly and
legitimately administered, would make us the
greatest people that has ever yet existed, both in
moral and physical power, should be preserved
and perpetuated, that I have said thus much.
The honorable Senator from New Hampshire
felicitates himself that this is the last message
whic%is to emanate from the present Executive,
anu therefore he is disposed to let it pass with
less severity of comment. He may well felicitate
himself; for, if I do not mistake humanity, the
bold truths, the patriotic and manly tone of that
message will penetrate the northern heart, and
cause it to throb with pulsations arid purposes
not exactly in unison with those of the Senator
and the party with which he is acting. I do not
doubt, and avail myself off. he occasion to declare
it as my judgment, that the sentiments and the
reasoning of that message will find a responsive
"yea" wherever, throughout the world, the
great principles of oivil liberty are known and
appreciated. • ■'
Sir, I am inspired with new hopes in the result
of the late, election to find ihat the northern mind
m four of the most important States Of the
! Union, where this institution does not prevail,
j concurring with the views now given ill the m<?s-
j sage, did unite with the South m keeping out of
I power a party whose success must necessarily
! have torn this Union into fragments. Two mid-
; die States, Pennsylvania and New Jersey, and
' two western States, Indiana and Illinois, repudi-
1 ated, upon a direct issue in the canvass made,
. naked, uncovered, open, any power in the Fed-
eral Government to interfere with the extension
of slavery into territory the common property
. of all the States, by majorities which carried the
presidential election against that party. I trust
there will be found on all future occasions, if we
are ever to undergo the ordeal from which we
i have recently emerged, a northern sentiment
j sound upon tlsis question of constitutionalpower—
' sound as we of the South esteem it, who, in
; union with the South, will have it in their power
| for ages to come to perpetuate a Union that must
I otherwise be destroyed.
' I can well understand, therefore, why the hon-
i orable Senator says, as a matter of gratulation to
1 those who think with him, that this is the last
I message which is to emanate from its source. I
| should hope that the truths which emanate from
: that paper will reach the northern mind, and that
; they will unite, in a common, patriotic interest
! and purpose, to come back to the Constitution
; which our fathers framed, and to which we arc
i parties—to come back to that Constitution, and
I to administer it legitimately, and give to the South
what the South is entitled to, while the North
and West obtain what they are entitled to. Or
if it be that they really entertain an honest and
conscientious conviction that they cannot remain
in union with us, let them propose a separation
fairly and openly, but while the contract is there,
keep it. I hold the most essential part of that
contract to the South, now falling into a minor-
ity, to be, that it shall be kept toward the
minority in honorable faith, and that every ele-
ment of political power it guarantied to them
shall be fairly and honorably conceded.
Now, sir, I have said not one word of disre-
spect, or of discourtesy, toward the party which
has been arrayed against the South in the late
election. I do not mean to do so; it would not
become me., They constitute apart of the Amer-
ican people, with whom we arc in bonds of asso-
ciation, and I have no right to question their
motives. I do not question them; but I do ques-
tion their political purposes. I say that, when
the passions of the day have subsided, this coun-
try, and the world looking on, will pay a tribute
of just applause to the eminent author of this
message, and to the great principles which he
has there propounded.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] has alluded to
opinions which he says are entertained and have
been expressed by mc. I cannot allow this
debate to pass without saying here what I have
said everywhere whenever I have alluded to this
question, that I do not entertain, and never have
entertained, and never have expressed the opinion
that the Congress of the United States has the
power to abolish slavery in the States of this
Union. I never, at any time, or on any occasion,
have uttered a sentiment claiming power for the
Federal Government to abolish slavery in the
States, or asserting that those with whom I act
ever intended to assume or to exercise that power.
I admit that there are men in the free States of
this Union who maintain that doctrine. The
Senator from New Hampshire says he does not
know such men: I do. I know Mr. Spooner, to
whom the Senator from Mississippi has referred.
I know his opinions and his sentiments. I have
read his volume with some little care, and while
I admit it to be a work of great learning and
power, I do not assent to it. There is a small
class of men in the free States who agree with the
sentiments avowed in the book written by Mr.
Spooner. Their candidate, in the last election,was
Mr. Gerrit Smith, of New York. I do not know
how many votes he received, but I take it not two
thousand in all the free States of this Union.
The monthly publication to which the Senator
from Louisiana and others have referred, pub-
lished in New York—a publication supported
and conducted by Mr. Tappan, Mr. Goodell,
and others who agree with them—claims the right
on the part of the Federal Government to abolish
slavery in the States, and advocates that policy;
but the people of the free States, the one million
three hundred thousand men who voted for John
C. Fremont in the last presidential election,
maintain no such doctrine, never have maintained
it, do not claim any such power, and never intend
to usurp it.
The party to which reference has been made
in this message—for I take it this assault of
the President of the United States is upon the
Republican party, and the people who sup-
ported that organization in the last election—
stands before the country with its opinions clearly
expressed and openly avowed. It has a right to
claim from the President of the United States—
it has a right to claim from honorable Senators
here—it has a right to claim before the country
that it shall stand upon its broad and open decla-
rations of principle. How does it stand? It
accepts the Declaration of Independence and the
Constitution of the United States as its funda-
mental creed of doctrine. It claims that Congress
has a right to legislate for the Territories of the
United States, and to exclude slavery from them.
It avows its determination to exercise that power.
It has a right to ask of the President, and tha
country, that it shall be judged by its open and
avowed declarations, and shall not be misrepre-
sented, as it has been misrepresented in this
document by the President of the United States.
The declaration is broadly made here, not only
that these men are sectionalists—not only that
they have gotten up a sectional warfare, but that
they are maintaining doctrines hostile to the
perpetuity of the Union. Now, sir, let rae say
here to-day, that I do not know a man in the
free States who supported John C. Fremont in
the last presidential election, not one of the one
million three hundred thousand intelligent free-
men who supported that nomination, that ever
avowed his intention to go for a dissolution of
this Union; but at all times, on all occasions, in
public and in private, they have avowed their
devotion to the Union, and their intention to
maintain and defend it.
Let me say further, that the men in this coun-
try, who avow themselves to be disunionists,
that squad which, during the last thirty years,
on all fit and unfit occasions, in moments of ex-
citement and moments of calm, have avowed
themselves disunionists, have, as abody,enm«sse,
supported the Democratic party. The whole
southern heavens have been darkened during the
last four months by the black banners of disunion
that have floated in the bree7e. Public men,
members of the Congress of the United States,
who had sworn to support the Constitution of
our common country, have made the declaration,
that if John C. Fremont were elected President,
the Union would be, and ought to be, dissolved.
The Senator from Virginia has to-day expressed
his hope that a class of men in the free States, in
the future as in the present, will so act in cooper-
ation with the South as to preserve the policy
which he supports, and thus preserve the unity
of the States; I remember reading during the can-
vass a letter from that honorable gentleman, in
which there was a bold declaration for a dissolu-
tion of the Union, immediate, absolute,and eter-
nal, in certain contingencies. That is not all:
the Senator from Georgia, not now present, [Mr.
Toombs,] and the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Slidell,] have united in these declarations; and
leading men, Governors of States, have made the
sameavowal. Themen who threaten dissolution
are supporters of this Administration, and of Mr.
Buchanan; but yet the Chief Magistrate in this
document arraigns the members of the Republican
party as men whose policy tends to a dissolution
of the Union. I say these charges against us
are not only unjust, but they are a libel upon the
intelligent freemen of the United States.
It has been claimed here to-day that the people
of New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Indiana, Illinois—
central States—have voted in this election upon
the square issue of the power to prohibit slavery
in the Territories. Let me say here, what I know
to be true, that in some portions of these very
States public meetings were called of persons in
favor of Buchanan, Breckinridge, and free Kan-
sas. I have read these calls. I have in my pos-
session one of them, which was issued in the
State of Pennsylvania. There are others in the
possession-of members of this house or the other.
