14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 2,
Throughout the whole canvass in thesp vrry
States the issue was blinked; and not only that,
but it was claimed that those members of the
House of Representatives who voted for Mr.
Dunn's bill were pro-slavery men; and men have
been elected to the next House of Representa-
tives under professions of stronger hostility to
slavery than those very Republican members.
Sir, the President claims, in this message, that
the couutry has pronounced its verdict in favor
of his policy. I admit that the issue was more
clearly and distinctly made than at any other
Eeriod in our history. It was made, but the
lemocracy of the North in hundreds of localities
denied that issue, and tens of thousands of men
voted for Mr. Buchanan who agree with us in
principle, but who would not admit that this great
question was an issue in the canvass. I hold 111
my hand an extract from the Detroit Free Press,
one of the leading Democratic journals of the
country, in which the doctrine is distinctly laid
down, that the President cannot justly claim the
result of the present election as any justification
of the policy he has pursued. Let-me read a few
words from this article. Speaking of the Presi-
dent, it says:
" Had General Pierce, at tlie outset, and at every succeed-
ing step, discarded the idea of a secotul term, we tfnn'c he
would have pursued so different a policy touching Ncto York
politics, the Kansas question, the improvement of rivers and
narbors, ifc., that he would go out of ofjhe with an almost
universal plaudit of ' well done,' instead of having Id go
out ' unhonored, unwept, and unsung' by ten.s of thou-
sands who aided iiH faction. Tin; oi'erireening desire of a
second tetm has been latal to Jam ; and it corned at one
time that his blunders—to employ a term not moie offens-
ive—might be fatal to the Democratic party. He must
not—be will make a great mistake if be doet,—regard the*
election ol Mr. Buchanan an indorsement of that pait of
the conduct of hi* Administration to which we moie par-
ticularly refer. Had that been the issue, or hud General
Pierce been the candidate, neither Pennsylvania, nor New
Jersey, nor Indiana, nor lUinotnor Deiuirare, nor Ken-
tucky, nor I'ennessec* nor Missouri, nor L )ui\ianrt, could
have heen sated; and Mr. John Chailes Fremont would
have walked into the presidential mansion by an elect-
oral majority neatly as large as that given to General
1'ierce four year-* ago. It is an unpleasant truth to toll,
but it is; a tiuth of which everybody in the North m awnrc,
that the late peril of the Democratic party aiose chiefly
from the untoward policy of the Administration iegaidmjj
alTair* in Kan^a>. Had Mi. Tiemont been elected, the
failure of General Pierce to do In- piun duty toward-;
Kan>as would have been the cause of it."
Before tho President makes this claim that the
people have indorsed iiis policy it would be well
for him to contemplate his own position, lie
went before tho country as a candidate for the
nomination at Cincinnati. Ho brought to bear,
as every man in the Senate, supporter or oppo-
nent of this Administration, knows, the whole
power and patronage of tlie Government to
secure that nomination. The Admimstiation
went so far as to turn out of office men in this
very city, because they were known to be in
favor of Mr. Buchanan. The President's name
went before the Cincinnati Convention, lie
was rejected by the Democratic party; for they
dared hot run him, because he was the exponent
of the principles which they now claim has been
sanctioned by the country. They nominated
Mr. Buchanan. They dodged the great issue in
thousands of localities in tho free States; and
now, when the people have been deceived, the
President claims the result—the Senator from
Virginia claims it, as a verdict in favor of his
policy. The Senator from Virginia says the
country will thank the President for what he has
done. I think the President would have been
more thankful to th-> Commonwealth of Virginia,
it she had been so thankful to him at the Cincin-
nati Convention as to give him her support, and
th'js decide the contest in favor of the nomina-
tion which he sought with such "overweening:
j • i,, 0 °
d^:ne
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, it is proper
that 1 should say a word or two in response to
the Semuois who have spoken, and at this late
hour of the day I mean to be very brief. The
Sen/nor from New Hampshire commenced by
saying that (here were very few or no persons at
the North who were in favgr of interference with
slaveiy in the States, i cited to him two instances
where declarations had been made contrary to
tho?e which he -uttered, by northern men. The
Senator from Massachusetts now comes forward
and indorses my declaration, that a Mr. Spooner,
a man of position there, has not only written, but
published,book to the country making an argu-
ment in favor of the constitutional power of Con-
gress, not only to interfere with, but to abolish,
slavery in the southern States of the Union. The
Senator did not say—what I am willing to say
myself—that the book is ingeniously written.
No mere simpleton could ever have drawn such
an argument. If his premises were admitted, I
should say at once that it would be a herculean
task to overturn his argument.
1 am glad, in this connection, to hear the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts say distinctly that he
repudiates the book. T hope Lysander Spooner
and his followers will take note of that declara-
tion. But I hear no response from any quarter
to my declaration, that the leading Fremont organ
in the State of New York appealed to the Garri-
son and Fred Douglass school of northern poli-
ticians to come to Fremont's support, under a
promise that, when the proper time came, the
whole Republican party would go with them for
attacking slavery in the States. Why was not
this promise repudiated at the time; and if for
party purpose it was not done then, why is it
not done now? Why do not gentlemen come
forward ? I appeal to the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Seward,] whose organ the Tribune
is supposed to be, why he does not come forward
and repudiate this proposed contract between his
party and the ultra Abolitionists in the North?
Let us know where gentlemen stand.
I stated that the Senator from New York had
said, upon a certain occasion, (which he now
declares was in the canvass of 1848, in one of the
western States,) to a northern audience, that sla-
very could and would be abolished, and said to
the audience, "You and I can and will do it;"
and I asked him to explain what he meant by
that language—whether he did not mean by it
that, when the proper time came, slavery was to
be attacked in the States where itexists? I now
understand the Senator to decline answering that
question. Perhaps, sir, it is prudent to be silent;
but I ask southern men—I ask the southern
people, to take note of potent declarations like
these coming from important quarters. When
a gentleman occupying the position before the
country and before the world that the Senator
from New York occupies, says to a northern
audience, "Slavery can and will be abolished,
and you and I can and will do it," I see in it a
plain, and clear, and distinct declaration that sla-
very in the State which I represent is, at the
proper time, to be attacked. When I call upon
the Senator to explain what he means by this
language, there being no explanation inconsistent
with the obvious conclusion from the language,
the Senator escapes by saying, " I will make no
explanation at all."
Sir, if slavery is to be abolished by and through
the influence of the northern people, is it not to
be done without consultation with the southern
people, and against their will? Mark you, the
language was not, " It will be done by you, the
people of the United States;" but it is to be done
by your will—" you (the northern people, whom
I am now addressing) and I will do it.
The Senator from Massachusetts very adroitly
says that he does not claim the power in Con-
gress to interfere with slavery in the States.
Nor do Garrison and Fred Douglass. More
manly than others, they say that the Constitu-
tion is a contract with death pn'd'a covenant with
hell, and like true men, deluded and misguided
| as they are, they come up in open warfare
; against the Constitution. Garrison will tell you
j that so long as the Constitution stands you can
j effect nothing. Therefore, says he, I make war
upon the Constitution. Other gentlemen, less
candid, will say that they have no power under
the Constitution to interfere with slavery m the
States, and yet use language like this: "Three
and a half millions of bondmen groaning under
nameless woes claim our aid for their deliver-
ance, " and an appeal is made to the audience to
grant that deliverance. Through what agency
did the Senator from Massachusetts propose to
grant it? Does it matter to us whether you
claim the power to interfere with slavery in the
States, or whether you exercise the power without
claiming it? It is of the essence of the matter
that I speak. I care not whether the Senator
belongs to the Garrison school, who declare that
the Constitution is a contract with death and a
covenaot with hell, or whether he belongs to that
other and more disingenuous school, who, deny-
ing the constitutional power of Congress to inter-
fere with slavery in the States, yet makes
argument after argument every day to the north-
ern people to prove to them that they ought to
interfere. Does not the Senator know that when
he has convinced the people that they ought to
have a will to do the thing they will niid out a
way to do it? Does he not know that if he once
convinces them that it is a moral, social, and re-
ligious duty to make war upon slavery in the
States, they-will find out the way to make that
war ? If he does pot mean that they shall wage
this war upon us, why is he constantly teaching
them that they ought to make it? I tell the Sen-
ator, and I tell the northern people, that when
they come to wage war upon us, it makes no
difference to us whether they claim to do it under
the guarantees of the Constitution, or over the
prostrate body of the Constitution. It is the
making war upon our domestic peace to which
we object; it is the making war on our property,
our safety, and domestic quietude to which we
object; and we care nought for the authority of
the guarantees under which you make it.
Gentlemen affect now not to know that any
one in the North supported Fremont who was in
favor of attacking slavery in the States. They
seem to ignore the whole idea that the Abolition
party were purposely marshaled under the Re-
publican banner. Does not the Senator from
Massachusetts know that Garrison said, " If I
had a million of votes, I would give them all to
Fremont!" Does not the Senator from New
York know that, in the midst of the canvass,
Fred Douglass, the free negro, took down the
name of Gerrit Smith, and ran up the name of
John C. Fremont. If he does not, I will impart
to him the intelligence. That is true. Are these
men not for attacking slavery in the States? Do
they not edit important anti-slavery journals, that
inculcate the doctrine every day that slavery is
to be assaulted in the -States where it exists?
Yet gentlemen pretend to say they are wholly
ignorant of the fact that there is any purpose
anywhere in the North to attack slavery in the
States where it exists.
Gentlemen say they have not declared that
they were in favor of a dissolution of the Union.
They say they are not in favor of it, but are
opposed to it. Allow me to say that I judge, as
most men do, the motives of others by their acts,
and not by their declarations. If the conduct of
any particular man leads him to any particular
conclusion, and he be a rational being, I take it
for granted that he means to arrive at that con-
clusion. If gentlemen here pursue a line of pol-
icy which can result, in the language of the
President, in nothing else, which has no other
outlet but in a disruption of the Union, knowing
them as I do know them to be, men of intelli-
gence, I fake it for granted that that is what they
mean. Can it be possible that the Senator from
New York, and the Senator from Massachusetts
and their associates here, have ever supposed
that the southern people could submit quietly and
tamely to have this Government organized into
a machine, whose whole duty it should be to
make war on their property and their domestic
peace and quietude ? How low, gentlemen, have
we sunk in your estimation that you conceive it
possible that we are to submit to aggressions like
these ? In the late canvass you have shown a dis-
position to organize a northern sectional party on
the avowed basis of hostility to slavery and the
slave interests of this country, the object of
which was to make war upon $2,000,000,000
worth of southern property, and upon the peace
and quiet of every southern family; and yet you
say you did not mean to dissolve the'Union!
Therefore you supposed that whatever might be
the weight which you put upon us, we should,
like beasts of burden, bear it without murmur-
ing ! You miscalculate the quiet, acquiescent
spirit of the southern people.
There is no Government on God's earth, within
his civilized dominion, where one half the people,
availing themselves of the powers of government,
wage deliberate warfare upon the people and
property of the other half. If Alexander, on his
throne to-day, should undertake to make war
upon the property and peace of one half of his
people, the attempt would cost him his throne in
less than three months. If the Emperor of the
