16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 2.
the Federal Government exercises- over the
States. When it is said that Congress cannot
exercise this powerunless the Constitution gives
it, that is begging the question. The decision of
the court, tiie language of the judge, is that
Congress has the power. He could not say that
if the Constitution did not give it. If the Con-
stitution denied the power, how could the judge
say that Congress possessed it? He had the
Constitution in view when Writing this opinion.
Sir, the doctrine now advanced is a new and a
modem discovery. Congress formerly possessed
and exercised this power, and nobody doubted
it. For the first fifty years of the Government
the power was undisputed. It is a new discovery
that Congress does not now possess it.
But, sir, let me resume the consideration of
the message. The President tells us that " it
was imputed" that the measure of which he is
speaking, the repeal of the Missouri compromise,
" originated in the conception of extending the
limits of slave labor beyond those previously as-
signed to it; and that such was its natural as well
as intended effect; and these baseless assumptions
were made in the northern States the ground of
unceasing assault upon constitutional right."
Here the President informs us that the charge
made against those who repealed the Missouri
compromise, that it was intended or conceived
with the purpose of extending the limits of sla-
verybeyond those previously assigned to it, was
a baseless assumption.
Now what does the Senator from Virginia tell
us? He says that under-the Constitution the
South has a right to a legitimate expansion of
slaveiy, and it is the right to expand the institu-
tion upon which he insists. When we charge
that the design was to extend slavery into the
free Territories of Kansas and Nebraska, the
President says it is a baseless assumption. The
Senator from Virginia informs us that ho insisls
on the right to the expansion of slavery. Who
is right? He tehs us further that the people m
four of the northern iSl.ites united in keeping out
of power that party which would have severed
the Union into fragments. How would they
haveseveied it into fragments, 1 should like to
know? Did they propose to dissolve it? Did
they propose to eneroneh on the rights of the
States? They declared that the rights of the
States should be preserved. How were they
going to dissolve the Union? Was it in any
other way than this: it has been stated here,
to-day, in the Senate, that if Colonel Fremont
were Heeled the Union must be and ought to he
dissolved! Because a paiticular man is elected
President of the United Klates, is that any reason
for dissolving the Union?
Mr. MASON. Will (Iv Senator allow me to
interrupt him for a moment >
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. What I said was this: that if
that parly camn into power avowing the purposes
which they did avow, it would necessarily result
in a dissolution of the Union, whether they de-
sired it 01 not. It was uttrily immaterial who
wae their President; he might have been a man
of straw; I alluded to the purposes of the party.
What I said 111 the letter to which one of the Sen-
ators has alluded, and what 1 said substantially
in the remarks which I have made in this debate,
was merely, that if the party came into power
avowing the purposes which they avowed, and
prepared to execute them, it would necessarily
result ill a dissolution of the Union, and then, so
Saras the South was concerned, it should be imme-
diate and eternal.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to examine that
position. It is this—I will endeavor to state it
in the language of the Senator—that if the Re-
publican party came into power with the princi-
ples which they avowed, it would necessarily
result in the dissolution of the Union, and that,
so fer as he and the South" were concerned, it
shouldtbe immediate and eternal. Now what
principles did we avow ? Is there any one hos-;
tile to the South? I say we avow no principle
upon this subject about which we are now speak-
ing, except those avowed by Thomas JeS'erson j
himself, by Washington, and by Monroe. Is it
any cause for a dissolution of the Union that a
particular man is elected President ? Manifestly
not; and the Senator from Virginia does not con-
tend for that.
Mr. RUSK, Will the Senator from Illinois
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. RUSK. He and others have attributed
the sentiment on which he is now commenting
so eloquently to the southern States. I desire
to ask hirn if he does not know that it had its origin
in the northern States with one of the candidates
for the Presidency ? Did he not first make the
declaration that the event alluded to would dis-
solve the Union ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not the defender of
any third party, whose candidate may have made
declarations .as to the dissolution of the Union.
I say that the great Fremont party entertain and
avow no such sentiment.
Mr. RUSK. The Senator misunderstands me.
I do not ask him to defend Mr. Fillmore; but I
ask him to make the charge not against the
South, but against the individual who committed
the offense.
Mr. .HALE and Mr. SEWARD. That is
fair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not care who makes
the charge that the election of Colonel Fremont
to the Presidency would dissolve the Union. I
say it is a baseless charge; and manifestly it
could not prevail, come from what party it may.
The Senator from Virginia does not put himself
now on the fact of any particular man being
elected, but on the principles avowed. To that
I will pay attention in a moment; but I wish first
to dispose of the clamor which has been raised
in some parts of the country, that the election of
a particular man is a cause for a dissolution of
the Union.
Why, sir, neither Colonel Fremont nor any-
other person can be elected President of the Uni-
ted States except in the constitutional mode; and
if any individual is elected President in the mode
proscribed by the Constitution, is that cause for
a dissolution of the Union ? Assuredly not. If
it be, the Constitution contains within itself the
elements of its own destruction. The great priii
ciple lying at the bottom of the institutions of the
country, and of the Constitution itself, is, that
we must acquiesce in the decision of the majority,
constitutionally expressed, in the selection of
oftiens; and until the person elected does some
overt act violating the Constitution, until he sets
on foot some measure destructive of the Govern-
ment, the fact that he is elected President, in the
constitutional mode affords no reason whatever
for the dissolution of the Union. Then would
there have been any reason foi its dissolution if
the Republican party had succeeded with its
avowed sentiments?
Now, what were its avowed sentiments on the
subject of slavery ? Opposition to its extension;
opposition to the spread of slavery into the Ter-
ritories, and a declaration of the right of Congress
to prohibit slavery in the Territories of the United
States. Is that a cause for the dissolution of this
Union ? 1 know that the Senator has said that it
matters not to liini whether the interference is
with slavery outside of the States or within the
States; but I think the cases arc very different.
1 think we'have no right, and that there is no
intention on the part of the great body of the
people of the North, to interfere with slavery in
the States; but I think there is an intention to
prevent its extension outside of States into free
Territories; and there is a very great difference
between these positions.
Well, sir, if the prevalence of these opinions
be a cause for a dissolution of the Union, which
should be immediate and eternal, why, I ask,
was not this Government dissolved the year of
its formation? IIow did it happen that the very
first Congress which ever met under the Consti-
tution of the United States adopted and reaffirmed
that ordinance excluding slavery from the whole
Northwest ? Why was not the Union then dis-
solved? If it is a cause in 18j6 for a dissolution
of the Union to exclude slavery from Kansas and
Nebraska, was it not a cause 111 1789, when sla-
very was excluded from the territory now cov-
ered by the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
Wisconsin, and Michigan ? Why, 1 ask again,
in 1820, when Mr. Monroe was President of the
United States, was not the Union dissolved im-
mediately and eternally? Slavery was then by
act of Congress excluded from the free territory
from which we now wish to exclude it. If this
be a reason for dissolving the Union now, was it
not a reason for dissolution then ? How did Mr.
Monroe, from the State of Virginia himself,
approve a bill excluding it from that territory.
Why, sir, it is manifest that the public sentiment
of this country has very much changed if this is
a cause for dissolution of the Union now. In
former times these acts of Congress excluding
slavery from the Northwest and from the Terri-
tories of Kansas and Nebraska were deemed
judicious and proper acts of legislation, voted for
by the South, and carried by southern votes.
Now we are told that the same legislation is
cause for a dissolution of the Union, .this shows
how the Constitution, which our fathers mades
and understood, and have put into operation, is
proposed to be changed and subverted m these
modern times. Sir, it was no cause for a ^so-
lution of the Union in 1789; it was none in 1820;
it is none to-day; and in my judgment it would
lead to no such consequences.
But it is said that four of the northern States
united to keep out of powerthis party,and among
them the State of Illinois is named. Sir, the State
of Illinois indorses no such sentiments as those
avowed by the Senator from Virginia. You
could not get the friends of Mr. Buchanan^ m
Illinois to discuss the question of the expansion
of slavery. They said that Kansas would be a
free State; that i£ was a libel on them when we
charged that the effect, the purpose, the object of
the repeat of the Missouri compromise was to
open Kansas to slavery. They said, " Slavery
will not go there; Kansas will be a free State; '
and they discussed other questions, and were
very far from discussing this question of the ex-
pansion of slavery. The great party which it
is said has triumphed, was not willing to put
itself on that issue; but we find it at Cincinnati
overturning and casting aside all the veterans
who had done service in the Kansas-Nebraska
fight, and taking up another gentleman, simply
because he had not been mixed up with it—a
gentleman who had been abroad, who had nothing
to do with the repeal of the Missouri compromise
and the opening of Kansas to slavery. He was
nominated for that reason; and it is as apparent
as the noonday sun, that if he had been identified
with that measure he could riot have been elected.
Take the State of Illinois, which Mr. Buchanan
has carried, but not by a majority vote; he is in
a minority in that.State of nearly thirty thou-
sand. Thirty-seven thousand votes were cast in
that State for Mr. Fillmore. The speakers in
his favor denounced the repeal of the Missouri
compromise, denounced the extension of slavery
into Kansas, as openly, as strongly, and as
boldly as did any supporter of Colonel Fremont;
but they insisted that Mr. Fillmore was the better
man for the Presidency. They cast their votes
for him under that impression.
But how was it when a man was brought up
identified with the repeal of the Missouri com- ,
promise, and the opening of Kansas to slavery ?
How was it when Colonel Richardson came
before the people of Illinois as the nominee of
the Buchanan party for Governor—a man who
had taken an active part in the repeal of the
Missouri compromise—and there came up in
opposition to him a gentleman who was opposed
to the Kansas-Nebraska bill? The respective
conventions which nominated these gentlemen
passed resolutions on this subject. The one
nominating Colonel Richardson indorsed the
Nebraska bill; the other nominating Colonel
Bissell denounced and condemned it. Who is
elected? Colonel Bissell triumphantly, and the
whole Republican State ticket; and that, too,
notwithstanding the fact that there was a Fillmore
ticket voted for.
Do you claim Illinois as indorsing the repeal
of the Missouri compromise and sustaining the
administration of Franklin Pierce? If he had
been the candidate, or any man identified with
him in his policy, he would have been beaten as
badly as was the man in the instance where there
were but two persons in Illinois running for a
State office, that of State Treasurer. It so hap- ,
pened that we had but two candidates for that
office. One was Mr. Moore, "honest John
Moore," as he has been called, the old treasurer,
a popular man, and deservedly so, but identified
with the party which approved the repeal of the
Missouri compromise. Against him the Repub-
