1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
great services to his country. If history be just
to him, she will gather up all these materials,
and out of them she will mold for him such a
crown as she awards to great and virtuous states-
men who served their country ikithfully and well.
The death of Mr. Clayton is, indeed, a public
loss—a national misfortune; and to his native
State, which he so long and honorably repre-
sented in this body, a bereavement at which she
may well mourn, as the mother mourneth over a
favorite son. He loved and served her with all
his might and all his heart, and acquired for his
noble little Delaware fresh titles to respect and
distinction in the Union. She can no longer
command his services; but the memory of him
will remain to her as a rich treasure; and his
name, bright with recorded honors, will ascend
to take its place with the names of her Bayards,
her Rodneys, and her other illustrious dead, and
with them, like so many stars, will shine upon
her with all their benign influence.
It must be pleasing to us all to learn from the
honorable Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,]
that Mr. Clayton died a Christian. So he should
have died. Such a death gives to humanity its
proper dignity. Full of this world's honor, he
died full of the more precious hopes that lie be-
yond the grave. Of him who so dies we may well
exclaim: " 0 death! where is thy sting? 0 grave!
where is thy victory?"
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, once more are our
duties to the living suspended by the last sad
tribute of regard to the memory of the dead.
Another of our associates has passed from this
scene of his labors to that dread responsibility
which equally awaits the representative and the
constituent, the ruler and the ruled. AH human
distinctions are leveled before the Destroyer, and
in the narrow house to which we are hastening
the mighty and the lowly lie side by side to-
gether. There our departed friend has preceded
us. When we separated, but a few days since,
he was a bright and shining light among his coun-
trymen. Returning to resume our functions, we
find that light extinguished in the darkness of the
tomb. "Well may we exclaim, in the impressive
language of the Psalmist, "Man's days are as a
shadow that passeth away."
His character and services have been portrayed
with great power and fidelity by the Senators
who have preceded me; one of them, his re-
spected colleague, and the other his personal and
political friend, and both of them entitled by long
acquaintance to speak as they have spoken of
him, and their words of eloquence have found a
responsive feeling in the hearts ofHheir auditors.
I cannot lay claim to the same relations, but
I knew him during many years, and his high
qualities have left their impress upon my mind;
and I rise to add my feeble testimonial of regret
that he has been taken from among us.
The deceased Senator from Delaware was long
identified with the political history of the coun-
try. Sent here by the confidence of his native
State thirty years ago, he brought with him emi-
nent qualifications for the position, and which led
to the high distinction he acquired. To avigorous
and powerful intellect, improved by early train-
ing, he added varied and extensive acquirements
—the fruit of npe study and acute observation.
And he possessed a profound knowledge—rare
indeed—of the principles of ourConstitution, and
of those great questions connected with our pecu-
liar political institutions which so often present
themselves for solution, and sometimes under
circumstances of perilous agitation. He was a
prompt and able debater, as we all know; and
touched no subject upon which he did not leave
marks of thorough investigation. In whatever
sitimtion he was placed he met the public expect-
ation by the ability he displayed, and by his devo-
tion to the honor and interest of his country.
In looking bade upon our communication with
this lamented statesman, every member of the
body will bear testimony to the kindness of his
feelings, and to the comity and courtesy which
marked his social intercourse. He was a happy
example of that union of decision of opinion
and firmness of purpose in public life with the
amenity of disposition which constitutes one of
the great charms ol' private life—a union the more
commendable, as it is rarely found in the exciting
scenes of political controversy. Ilis was a most
genial nature, and we cannot recall him without
recalling this trait of his character.
It is a source of consolation to'all his friends
that when the last change came it found him pre-
pared to meet it. He entered the dark valley of
the shadow of death with a firm conviction of the
truth of the mission of Jesus Christ, and with an
unshaken reliance upon the mercy of the Savior.
He added another to the long list of eminent men
who have examined the evidences of revealed
religion, and who have found it the will and the
word of God; and he died in the triumphant hope
of a blessed immortality which the Gospel holds
out to every true and humble believer.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I consult
rather my feelings than my judgment in rising to
address the Senate on this melancholy and affect-
ing occasion. While it seems to me that I have
few nearer friends remaining to me than John M.
Clayton was, I remember, nevertheless, that he
was by a long distance my senior in the Federal
councils, and that, although we were many years
members of one political party, yet we differed
so often and so widely that we could scarcely be
called fellow-actors seeking common political
objects and maintaining common political princi-
ples. But it has been truly said of him that he
was a man of most genial nature. The kindness
which he showed to me so early, and continued
to show to me so long, removed ail the constraints
which circumstances created, and I never failed
to seek his counsel when it was needed, and his
cooperation when 1 felt that I had a right to
claim it.
Mr. President, I think no one is surprised
by this painful announcement. His health and
strength were obviously so much impaired by
frequent visitations of disease during the last
regular session of Congress, that when I parted
with him in September last I was oppressed with
the conviction that I should feed him no more on
earth. The remembrance of kindness and affec-
tion he then expressed to me will remain with me
until I shall meet him as I trust in a better and
happier world.
Mr. President, I have fallen into these funereal
ceremonies without any prepared or even medi-
tated discourse. Perhaps if I shall let my heart
pour forth its own feelings I may lender to the
illustrious dead a tribute not less just than that
which I could have prepared had I applied myself
to the records of our country, and brought into
one group the achievements of his life.
This 1 must say, that John M. Clayton
seemed to me peculiarly fortunate in achieving
just what he proposed to himself to achieve, and
in attaining fully all that he desired. His re-
spected and distinguished colleague has given
testimony which was germane, though hardly so
necessary as ho/thought, to the fact that Mr.
Clayton was eminent in his profession as a
lawyer and an advocate. He began life with the
purpose of attaining that professional eminence.
We who are here his survivors knew him in
other spheres. His ambition led him at different
periods into two different departments of public
service—the one that of a Senator, the other that
of a Minister or diplomatist.
Fame is attained in the Senate by pursuing
either one of two quite divergent courses, namely
either by the practice of delivering the prepared,
elaborate, and exhausting oration, which can be
done only unfiequently, and always on trans-
cendent occasions, or by skill, power, and digni-
ty in the daily and desultory debates, on all ques-
tions of public interest, as they happen to arise.
I happen to know, or to have uood reason to
think, that Mr. Clayton's ambition preferred
this last-mentioned line of senatorial effort. He
kindly became my counselor when I i ntered
this Chamber as a repiesentative of my State;
and his well-remembered advice was couched
nearly in these words: "Do not seek great occa-
sions on which to make great speeches—one in a
session of Congress—but perform your duty to
your constituents and your country by debating
all important subjects of administration as they
occur.'" Senators all around me will remember
how constantly and indcfatiga'oly he himself pur-
sued the line which he had thus marked out for
me.
Those who shall now read, as I am sure pos-
terity will read, the recorded debates of the Senate
for the period embraced within the last twenty-
five years, will find that, although surrounded by
mighty men in argument and speech, John M.
i Clayton was one among the few effective states-
! men who determined or influenced the administra-
i tiort of the Government of this great country,
j His other department of public service was
; diplomacy. Never have I seen a man more ad-
! mirably qualified by astuteness, comprehenwiv'e-
I ness, and vigor, for that arduous and responsible
; branch of public life. He excelled not merely
, by reason of these qualifications, but also, and
j eminently so, by reason of his frankness of
: character and conduct. He was frank, open,
; direct, and manly. He showed his purposes in
, outspoken and direct communications. Perhaps
; we owe to him as much as to any other of our
: many able diplomatists, the achievement of the
| United States m instructing the nations of Europe
; that diplomacy is best conducted when it leads
i through open, fair, and direct courses.
| Mr. Clayton was, as has been truly claimed
, for him, a patriot—a lover of all the parte and of
] the whole of our common country. The peeu-
I liar location and character of the State which he
j represented—lying midway between the North
and the South—probably had the effect to confirm
his natural tendency of temper, and render him
conservative, careful, cautious, and conciliatory.
I respond to the claims made in his behalf by
his colleague, and by his venerable friend a ::il
compatriot, the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Crittenden,] in this respect, when I say that I
regarded his presence in these Halls as a link of
union between the generation which has passed
! away and that generation on which the respons-
; ibilities of national conduct have devolved, and
| his influence necessary for the happy solution of
' those greatquestions involving cherished interests
i of the North and of the South which press upon
I us with so great urgency. Such was the char-
; acter he maintained here as a Senator and a legis>-
I lator—an umpire between conflicting interests, a
j moderator between contending parties. Hownat-
I ural, then, that he should be eminently national— -
i eminently comprehensive in his action a? a Min-
; ister and a diplomatist.
j A very distinguished French savant (Mons.
j Ampere) begins his journal as a traveler with
; an account of his visit at the World's Fair, held,
| I think in 1852, in London; and he pronounces
, that great exhibition of the industry of so many
: nations as the first universal fact in the history of
1 the human race. He egregiously erred. That
; great event was neither the most important, nor
j was it the first of the universal facts which have
transpired in our own day. The first universal
■ fact—a fact indicating an ultimate union of the
nations—was the Clayton and Bulwer treaty—
that treaty which provided for the opening of
passages of communication and connection acros3
thee Central American isthmus to the growing
civilization of the westerti and modern, and the
declining civilization of the eastern and ancieit
world. It was the felicitous good fortune of
John M. Clayton, not more than his genius and
ability, that enabled him to link his own fame
with that great and stupendous transaction, and.
so to win for himself- the eternal gratitude of
' future generations, not only in his own countrv,
i but throughout the great divisions of the earth.
: Whatever difficulties have hitherto attended the
execution of that great treaty—whatever future
difficulties may attend it, the treaty itself is the
bow of promise of peace, harmony, and concord
to all nations, as it is an imperishable monument
. to the fame of him whose worth we celebrate,
and whose loss we deplore.
The resolutions were agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
: HOUSE-OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 3, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
: The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
| CALL OF THE HOUSE.
I" The SPEAKER stated the first question to be
I on the motion of the gentleman from Ponmsyl-
; vania, {Mr. Grow,] to lay on the table the mo-
1 uon to reconsider the vote whereby the House
! refused to have the oath of office administered to
'• Ibe Delegate elect from Kansas, Mr. Whiljieid.
