1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
presented any features of which advantage could
be taken by turning them into ridicule, he was
sure to succeed. I have known him to gain
causes certainly against law, and the evidence,
and the facts of the case, by his superior inge-
nuity, and his deep knowieuge'of human nature.
As a special pleader, he was not surpassed by
any gentleman at that profession. His talents as
a lawyer, even when he had been but a few years
at the bar in the practice of his profession, soon
became known throughout his native State; and
before he had been at the bar three years he was
sought after and engaged in every important
cause in the State. Every litigant was anxious
to procure his services, thinking his aid sufficient
to secure certain success.
But he was not long to enjoy the quiet of his
profession. He soon became the leader of the
Whig party in the State of Delaware. Though
quite young, he was known to possess more ex-
tensive and commanding influence than any other
gentleman in that party, of which there were
many of great talent, learning, and distinction.
In the year 1824 he was selected by Governor Polk
as the Secretary of State of the State of Dela ware.
That was the first instance in which an office of
so much importance and responsibility was ever
conferred upon a man so young, and of so little
experience. He performed the duties of that
office, as well as of all others which he held,
with skill, integrity, and great ability, and left
it with great popularity. I should state, that
the first public employment in which, he was en-
gaged was that of a member of the House of
Representatives of the Legislature of Delaware,
and soon after that of Auditor of Accounts-—an
office which, I believe, is peculiar to the States of
Delaware and New York. When he entered
upon the duties of the office of Auditor of Ac-
counts everything was in confusion there, and
though but a young man, he soon reduced the
chaotic mass into a perfect system. He left upon
the records of Auditor the impress of his own
great mind; and the business of that station has
ever since been conducted-upon his own great
model and system, which it is believed can never
be improved. *
He was next elected to the Senate of the
United States in A. D. 1829, when he was barely
of the age which the Constitution requires for that
station. He was reelected in January, 1835.
He resigned that office before the expiration of
his term, and was appointed Chief Justice of
the State of Delaware in 1837. That station,
like all others which he filled, he adorned by his
learning, by his great ability, and by his spotless
integrity. No man, perhaps, ever left that office
with so high a leputation as a judge, as did the
Hon. John M. Clayton; and I may be permitted
to say upon this occasion, that "in the many
causes which he decided, it is not in the recol-
lection of any member of the bar that there was
ever a writ of error or an appeal taken from any
decision which he made. He always gave such
authorities and reasons for the decisions which
he made, so full and satisfactory, that no counsel
evei* advised his client to undergo or risk the
chance of a reversal of the judgment given by
the court of which he was the chief justice. He
was afterwards elected by the people as a mem-
ber of the convention to amend the constitution
of the State of Delaware. Jn that convention he
was the leading member which gave the amend-
ments of our constitution to the people of Dela-
ware, thus leaving upon that constitution the
marks and footprints of that high and mighty
intellect which he was known to possess and
command. The judiciary system of Delaware,
planned and produced by him, has ever since
been looked upon and held as a master-piece of
intellect, foresight, and wisdom, which has never
been suipassed.
He resigned the office of chief justice in 1839,
and was again elected in 1845 to the United
States Senate for the full term of six years. He
resigned his otiiee of Senator, and was appointed
Secretary of State of the United States'm 1849.
He was again elected Senator in 1853.
The deceased died at Dover, the place of his
residence, November 9,18oG. It lias fallen, Mr.
Speaker, to the lotof but few men to hold and en-
joy that deep-rooted and hearty popularity which
our deceased l'nend possessed from his "first ad-
mission to the bar to the day of his death. He
engaged, won, and held the affections of all with
whom he was associated and connected. Per-
haps there is no man, certainly none of his emi-
nence and distinction, who had fewer enemies.
It is a remarkable fact that he never bore malice
towards any human being. In the many con-
tests in which he was engaged, as must be ex-
pected, there was some ill-feeling and strife engen-
dered. I have known those who have expressed
ill-feelings towards him, and towards whom, per-
haps, he entertained no very kind feelings; but
whenever he was approached with kindness even
by an open enemy, his better feelings instantly
gained the ascendant, and in a moment he was
fully reconciled. Every passionat^feeling went
from him, and he received those who had been
his enemies with all the kindness of a friend,
void of every bitter feeling. His reconciliation
was perfect and sincere. He fully pardoned and
forgave, and the past was wholly forgotten by
him. He was one of the warmest and kindest-
hearted men that ever lived. As a husband and
father he never was surpassed. As a friend he
was sincere, and was beloved by all with whom
he was associated. I need not say to this House
that he had the confidence of all with whom he
was associated and had connection, and never was
that confidence betrayed or misplaced.
The State of Delaware now mourns the death
of her most distinguished son, statesman, and
patriot. "We mourn his death at this time more
particularly, because, from the principles which
he held, his life would have been most useful.
He was a conservative man. He'loved his
country, and the Constitution of the country.
He loved the Union, and every part of it. There
was nothing like disunion in him. He held to
the Union to the last, and called upon his friends
and relatives to stand by it. Though not con-
nected with any of the parties which engaged in
the late presidential contest, yet he did not fail
to make it known to all with whom he was con-
nected, that he stood by the principles which he
had always advocated, and to call upon them to
remember their country and the Union as above
all price.
I feel, sir, that this is a mournful occasion. A
man of great distinction, of known influence, and
of the highest attainments in our country, has
been swept from us suddenly and unexpectedly.
The State of Delaware mourns the loss of her
most distinguished son. His death is a loss to
the nation. Ever since he has been in the Sen-
ate, even from his first session there, he has taken
an active participation in all important debates
which have occurred in that body. His speeches
and State papers will make a work of four or five
volumes. They will be consulted by future
statesmen as models of oratory, as models of
good sense; and as models of patriotism and of
wisdom. His mind was powerful; his memory
most extraordinary and retentive; his habits
were exceedingly regular. It has often been
asserted, and never, to my knowledge, contra-
dicted, that, during the four years he was a student
and member of Yale College, he never missed a
single recitation, never once absented himself
from prayers, moraine or evening; never, during
the whole four years, was once absent from
church; and never, upon any occasion, lio'ateda
single rule or law of the college. His constitu-
tion enabled him to endure almost any amount
of laborious investigation. I have known him
to be engaged two, and even three, successive
nights, without sleep, in the investigation of a
single case. But that constitution, strong and
powerful as it was, had at last to yield to the fell
destroyer. Disease enfeebled and broke him
down, and we now mourn his loss.
I rejoice to say that he died a Christian. From
his youth he ever had the most profound respect
and' reverence for the Christian religion. He
fully believed in the truth of Divine revelation
before his death; he made an open profession of
the religion of the Savior: was formally admitted
into the Presbyterian church at Dover, where
he died; and his whole deportment and conver-
sation, from the time of his profession up to the
time of his death, showed the full sincerity of
his profession—that he was a sincere Christian.
He greatly rejoiced in the evidences of his accept-
ance as an humble believer. " He died the death
of the righteous, and his latter end was like his."
lie died in the full assurance of faith and of hope
I hold in my hands some resolutions which I
propose to offer to the House for its adoption.
The resolutions were read; and are as follows:
Resolved. That this House deeply laments the recent death
of the Hon. John" M. Clayton, a Senator of the United
States from ilje estate of Delaware; and that, as a testimo-
nial of respect for his memory, the members of the Hcnse
will wear crape on the left arm for thirty days.
Resolved, That the Clerk communicate a copy of the
foregoing resolution to the family of the deceased.
Resolved, (as a further mark of respect,) That the House
do now adjourn.
The resolutions were agreed to; and thereupon
the House, at half past one o'clock, p. m., ad-
journed till to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 4, 1856.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Hon. David S. Reid, from the State of North
Carolina, and Hon. William Wright, from the
State of New Jersey, attended.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of State, com-
municating, in obedience to law, an abstract of
the returns of the collectors of customs, showing
the number of seamen registered in the several
ports of entry in the United States, during the
year ending September 30,1856; which was read;
and, on the motion of Mr. Hunter, was ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Interior, communicating, in
compliance with e resolution of the Senate of the
30th of August last, information relative to the
amount that will be required to pay the allowances
proposed to be made by the bill passed by the
House of Representatives, to provide for the
settlement of the claims of the officers of the
revolutionary army, and of the widows and
orphan children of "those who died in the service;
which was read; and, on the motion of Mr.
Stcart, was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the"
Treasurer of the United States, communicating
copies of his accounts for the third and fourth
quarters of the year 1855, and the first and second
quarters of the year 1856; which was read, and
ordered to lie on the table.
CREDENTIALS OF SENATORS.
Mr. BAYARD presented the credentials of
Hon. Joseph P. Comecys, appointed by the Ex-
ecutive of Delaware to fill, until the next meeting
of the Legislature, the vacancy occasioned by
tho death of Hon. John M. Clayton; which were
read. The oath prescribed by law having been
administered to Mr. Cosiegys, lie took his seat in
the Senate.
Mr. COLLAAIER presented the credentials
of Hon. Solomon Foot, elected a Senator by the
Legislature of Vermont for the term of six years
from the 4th of March next; which were read,
and ordered to be filed.
PETITION.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a petition
of settlers upon the Fort Atkinson reserve, in
Iowa, praying that the right of preemption may
be granted to all settlers upon the public lands
within that reserve; which was ordered to lie oil
the table.
Air. HUNTER presented the petition of the
le^al representatives of Charles Porterfield, de-
ceased, for bounty land, commutation pay, and
the reimbursement of advances made by their
ancestor for the public service in the revolution-
ary war; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Air. CASS presented the petition of William
L. S. Deanng. for the reimbursement of ex-
penses incurred by him in raising and equipping
a company of mounted Tennessee volunteers for
the Florida war, in 1837; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, Th.it Thomas I,. I.. Brent have leave to with-
draw his memorial aad papers.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, it was
QrJereJ, Thru R. L. BnKer have leave to withdraw Jus
petition ami papers
