24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
December 4,
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourn, it be to Mon-
day next.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. CLAY gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill supplementary to " An
Set to graduate and reduce the price of the public
lands to actual settlers and cultivators," ap-
proved August 4,1854.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, asked,* and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to bring m a bill
(S. No. 467) for the relief of certain settlers in
the State of Iowa,and for other purposes;'which
Ufas read, and passed to a second readiBg.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following order, submitted by Mr. Fitzpatrick
on the 2d instant:
Ordered,That tbeniessagp and aecompanving documents
printed, and that fifteen thousand additional copies be
printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. When I introduced the
resolution which has just been read I did not
Suppose that it would give rise to any discussion.
A proposition simply to give the usual direction
to the Presidential message was one which I
Supposed would pass without any debate in this
body at least; I was therefore not a little sur-
prised to perceive that occasion seized upon for
the purpose of a discussion which 1 think was
Out of place. It would have been much more
appropriate to give the message the usual direc-
tion.
If one who was here at the last session, who in
the mean time had happened to have been excluded
from a knowledge of passing events, had come into
the Senate Chamber on Tuesday last, he would
Jiave supposed we were engaged in a continuous
session, with the presidential election still pending.
That event is passed, and 1 am at a loss to imagine
• what is to bo made out of such a discussion at
this remote period, f may presume, however,
that matters of this kind are sprung upon the
(Senate for some particular effect bearing upon
that event. 1 was pained to see the occasion
Seized upon for the purpose of assailing an officer
■who has performed, us I believe, a constitutional
duty. One of the Senators who participated in
the debate arraigned ihc President forgoing be-
yond his constitutional duty! "Sir, I think he
has but conformed to the requirements of his
Constitutional duty, under his official obligations.
The Constitution, from which the gentleman read,
requires the President to give to Congress inform-
ation of the state of the Republic; and at the close
of the last session, as every one present knows,
the great and absorbing question was one which
arose out of the thrilling events occurring in a
distant Territory. In examining their cause, the
country was led necessarily to the consideration
of the facts in regard to an alleged compromise
which was adopted many years ngo. Every one
knows that the portion of the Piesident's mes-
sage, to which exception has been taken, is but
a truthful account of historical events connected
with the Missouri compromise, from the hour of
its adoption until the present day. I do not know
how a Senator could come to the conclusion that
the President has usurped powers, or has departed
from the usual course in executing powers inci-
dent to the functions which he enjoys, by giving
this information to his countrymen and to botli
branches of Congiess. If the President had
failed, in his annual message, to speak to his
countrymen and to Congress of the circumstances
that wore connected with the exciting and dis-
turbing questions that were involved in the elec-
tion of President which has just terminated, I ask
you, if the Senators who have here spoken censo-
riously of the President, in common with every
gentleman on this floor, would not have regarded
him as derelict in his duty ? Look at the scenes
which have been enacted in the Territory of Kan-
sas—scenes which have caused the heart of every |i
patriot to pulsate in reference to the consequences
growing out of them.
  I do not rise for the purpose of enlarging the
discussion, but as I made the pending motion,
the Senate will excuse me for indulging in a few
remarks. There are occasions on which gentle-
men who differ from the sentiments avowed in a
presidential message, may, with great propriety,
-indulge in reflections upon it; but why should an
allusion to a question which has absorbed the
public mind for the last thirty years be regarded
as a departure from executive duty? Has not
the Kansas-Nebraska bill been the theme for pub-
lic discussion since its passage, not only in this
body, but in every State of the Union; and was
it not peculiarly appropriate for the President to
give us a truthful historical sketch of all the facts
connected with its recent effects ? I do not design
to say anything offensive to gentlemen on this
occasion; bi%I must be permitted to remark, that
unless a truthful historical sketch be offensive to
them, I see nothing in this message to wound the
feelings of the gentlemen of the Opposition. Par-
ticular portions of the message are seized upon
as an occasion for lugging in the slavery question
to disturb the harmony which should prevail in
the Senate. The agitating question of slavery
has been a fruitful theme heretofore. It has been
discussed over and over again. All I have to say
to the gentlemen in the Opposition on that ques-
tion is, that the South designs not to interfere
with the institutions of the North, ?jid they will
not permit the North to interfere with their insti-
tutions. What, then, is to be gained at this time,
and under these circumstances, by reviving a dis-
cussion on that question?
In the debate which sprung up on Tuesday
last,avowals were made of devotion to the Union.
I am delighted to find that there are so many
Union men in this body. One gentleman [Mr.
Wilson] saw nothing but dark clouds of dis-
union in the South; but that gentleman has been
so long accustomed to gaze on dark pictures, that
perhaps he can see nothing but what is black. 1 can
say to him that I have lived in the South,and I have
seen no such clouds in that portion of the Union.
Some gentlemen, with opinions peculiar to them-
selves, may have avowed doctrines to which he
alluded; but I deny that the sentiment of the
South, when the requirements of the Constitu-
tion arc observed, and we are permitted to pursue
our own course irrespective of any outside influ-
ences, is fordisunion. Upon the llags which we
have unfurled all the stars of the Confederacy
were displayed in brightness; but I have heaid
of flags being raised in some quarters with only
sixteen stars upon them. I do not hold the gen-
tleman, nor do I hold the great body of the
northern people, responsible for this by any
means. He might charge disaffection and dis-
loyalty to this Government on every individual
of the South, with the same propriety that I
could say such is the common sentiment of the
North. I design to intimate no such thing.
These Senators say they are in favor of the
Union. I am glad to hear it. None can be more
devoted to the Union than the people I repre-
sent, and all the people of the South, if let alone
and permitted to pursue the even tenor of their
way. Gentlemen of the Opposition say they
would do nothing to dissolve or disrupt the
Union. That may be true. What has the
President said? That a large body of patriotic
people have been misled. Do not gentlemen
know that they have agitated a subject which
thrills the heart of every patriot throughout this
Union, and which especially affects the south-
ern people when inroads are attempted to be
made upon their institutions ? They tell us they
are devoted to the Union ! But do they not know
that they touch a chord which will shake this
Union to its center whenever they may under-
take to carry out the doctrines which they have
attempted to palm upon the American people?
They say they wish not to interfere with slavery
in the States! Why, sir, with the exception of
a few individuals who were alluded to in the
argument the other day, there is not a man
belonging to the Black Republican party who
would not say that he does not intend to inter-
fere with slavery in the States. That may be
true; but if agitation in regard' to slavery im the j
Territories is to be carried on in these Halls for !
the purpose of destroying the peace and quiet of!
the country, they know the ultimate design is to '
aftect this Government and this Union.
If we acquire territory, won by the common
treasure and the common blood of the North and
the South, and they undertake to appropriate the
whole of it to themselves, and say to us,'4 Although
you have sent your men to battle, and their bones
have bleached upon the same battle-field with
ours, and you have paid money from your pock-
ets in common with us, we will appropriate the
whole of it to our benefit, and you shall not b«
permitted to participate in it," I may ask, is that
the even-handed justice which they desire to see
administered at the hands of a common country ?
But, sir, I did not rise for the purpose of
provoking discussion, or saying anything that
may be offensive to any gentleman. The Presi-
dent has been violently assailed for performing
what I regard as a strictly constitutional duty.
He has but given a truthful, able, and powerful
argument, connected with the exciting topics that
have convulsed this country for the last four
months fiom one end of the Union to the other.
Yes, sir, he has but told the truth. I had in-
dulged the hope that the calm which was suc-
ceeding the agitation that had pervaded the whole
Union would be enjoyed by us in common with
the country for a season at least. I say for one
that the country is indebted to the President for
the faithful and honest discharge of his duty;
and when the angry passions shall have subsided
which have been aroused by the exciting scenes
through which we have just passed, posterity,
the lovers of freedom, and the lovers of all free
Government will do that distinguished personage
the justice which is eminently due to him.
I should not Imve uttered a word on this sub-
ject, but for the fact that I had the honor to sub-
mit this resolution to the consideration of the
Senate. I was willing, for the purpose of avoid-
ing discussion, to yield to the suggestion of my
honorable friend from Mississippi, [Mr. Adams.]
After we had agreed upon terms which I trusted
would be acceptable to all, the honorable gentle-
man from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] deemed
it his duty to touch a subject which he said was
outside of the matter that seemed to engage the
attention of Senators. I have no complaint to
make of that Senator for that. I do say, how-
ever, in common with the gentlemen who have
yielded their thanks to the present distinguished
Chief Magistrate, that I return liuji my humble
thanks; and I believe every patriot will thank
him for the able, the faithful, and the impartial
manner in which he has discharged his duties.
In this message he has complied with a consti-
tutional obligation. It has been his fortune to
live in perilous times. The oldest members of
the Senate within the hearing of my voice will
acknowledge that this Government has never
passed through a more important and dangerous
crisis than the one from which we have just
emerged.
A great majority of the American people hare
indorsed the doctrines of the distinguished gen-
tleman who now occupies the chief executive
office of the Government, and I for one am dis-
posed to abide by the edict of that majority. I
certainly am not disposed to disturb it; and,
therefore, as I remarked in the outset, I cannot
see what is to be gained by opening a debate on
a subject which the people have decided.
For the purpose of disposing of this question,
and sending this able and valuable document to
the country, I am willing to adopt the suggestion
of the Senator from Mississippi to print fifteen
thousand copies of the message for the use of
the Senate, and let the question in relation to
printing extra numbers of the accompanying
documents be referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, if the debate on
the President's message had been suffered to end
where it was left on Tuesday last, I should not
be disposed to interpose any remarks on the sub-
ject; for I.never appear in this body to agitate
the question of slavery. I have never commenced
It; but I never shrink from it when it is com-
menced by others. I have no particular objec-
tion to its discussion, because I think the agitation
of the subject may throw some light upon it; and
that light, in my judgment, will advance the side
of the question which I advocate. Therefore,
sir, I do not deprccate agitation.
The Senator from Alabama wonders very much
how it happens that this subject is agitated now,
and how it came into the Senate on the second
day of its session. Why, sir, if he be right in
supposing that this is a legitimate and constitu-
tional question, properly submitted by the Presi-
