1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
dent to the Senate, it is equally constitutional
and right for the Senate to take it up and con-
sider it. The President is responsible for com-
mencing the discussion and agitation of the subject
on tliis floor at the present time; for I believe
nearly one half of his long message is occupied
with i t. I care very little what he may have said
in regard to the question. I care no more for it
than if it had come from any other man in the
community; and I would not have been disposed
to say a single word upon the subject, for the
reason that I do not think there is anything in-
volved in the question which the people do not
fully and properly understand without any expla-
nations here. It is, however, true that he has
pronounced a libel upon a large majority of the
people of the State which I in part represent.
He impugns the motives of the one hundred and
seventy-five thousand men in that State who have
cast their votes for another man than the candi-
date of his party. Are they to be assailed from
the executive mansion? Is he to shield himself
behind what he calls his constitutional privileges,
to slander, traduce, and abuse a large majority
of the people of more than half of the States of
this Union ? And are the very men who are-the
objects of his slander here to sit silently under
it? I was disposed to do so, and treat it with
silent contempt; and I would have done so, if
nobody but the President had spoken.
Now, sir, what does he say? I have not his
message before me, because I did not premedi-
tate a speech on the subject, as I care but little
about it. In substance, he assails all those who
voted for Colonel Fremont in the last election,
asserting that their course would lead to no other
consequence than to the burning of cities, to civil
war and commotion, to everything that is wrong
in government. He, the President of the United
States, who has deliberately put on foot schemes
for the sacking of cities, the burning of towns,
the murdering of inhabitants—he who upholds
in office those who have notoriously done these
things, comes here charging that such conse-
quences are to follow the constitutional exercise
of the right of suffrage by a great majority of the
people of half of the States of this Union. The
charge comes with an ill grace from the President
of the United States, who has upheld and apolo-
gized for, and now upholds, countenances, and
apologizes for, the outrages in Kansas which the
Senator from Alabama so much deplores. He
censures me for giving a constitutional vote for
the candidate of my choice for the Presidency,
and tells me that for me and those who agree
with me to exercise the powers conferred on us
by the Constitution in a constitutional way, by
voting for a man constitutionally eligible to the
office, can lead to no other consequence than civil
war! I say, again, he of all men should be the
last to speak of any course that any gentleman
may take, as leading to violence, or civil war, or
the sacking and burning of towns.
But, sir, I repeat that I care very little what
the President has said on this subject. It is said,
however, that the position of the Republican
party is not defined. It has been said that we
arts the advocates of disunion; that the great Re-
publican party advocates the disruption of the
Union of these States. AH I can say upon that
point is, that, although I participated to a great
extent in the recent campaign, I heard no such
language from any member of that party any-
where. I have heard no one stand forth to assail
the Union of these States. I have seen no man j
who was for intrenching or encroaching on the i
rights of the people of any State. That there is i
a great controversy between the different States
of this Union cannot be denied. I do not stand ,
here to upbraid any man for being the advocate |
of either side of that great controversy. I know j
■very well that it lias risen among us independ- i
ently of the will or action of any man of any sec- ;
tion. It is not under the control of any man of
any section. It has been precipitated on this
country by a train of events with which human
prudence had but very little to do, and over which
even now, perhaps, ill the guidance of it to its
final results, the agency of man directly inter-
posed will have much less to do than gentlemen
generally suppose.
We are at issue. Gentlemen on the other side
have said that the Republican position is not very
well defined Sir, it has been written as your
principles hare been written, and inscribed on the
platform that we profess to advocate. Our plat-
form has been sent broadcast over the country,
and placed in the hands of every man whom we
could prevail upon to read it. There is certainly
no design avowed in the Republican platform to
trench upon the rights of any section of this
country. The President was not warranted in
drawing such a deduction from any principle laid
down by the authorities who had a right to speak
for that party. He does not give us the sources
of the light that leads him to scrutinize the hearts
of men, and say what they pretend, while they
intend really to do something else. He accuses
more than one million two hundred thousand
men, not less enlightened than any others in
this country, of harboring false and traitorous
pretenses, and of violating the fundamental prin-
ciples of the Government which they stand pledged
to support. He has no language of disapproba-
tion for those living in another section who
assemble themselves together for the purpose of
taking sweet counsel as to how they shall dis-
rupt this Union. Governors may assemble and
deliberate, legislative bodies may entertain prop-
ositions to dissolve the Union, and the President
sees nothing in all this dangerous to the union
of these States! It is the other section that is
altogether in fault; while he is the voluntary
advocate of a section to which he does not or
ought not to belong.
The Senator from Alabama tells us that he
knows of no portion of the southern people who
intend to act disloyally to the Union, or entertain
views favorable to its dissolution, or words to that
effect, if I have understood him. If he had looked
into the legislative proceedings of South Carolina
lately he would have found a string of resolu-
tions, I believe gotten up with the avowed pur-
pose of taking steps for the dissolution of this
Union. If he had looked into the message of the
Governor of that State he would have there
found that the Governor does not believe that
the Union can stand. He believes that there is
a truce for about four years, after which the
Union must be dissolved, and that the people of
that State ought immediately to take steps to
prepare themselves for such an event. All these
things were aa well known to the President as
anything can be known and comprehended by a
mind like his. He has not one word of disap-
probation for all this. He reserves that for the
other side, and thinks everything is chargeable
upon the Black Republicans, who selected a can-
didate for their suffrages who was not in accord-
ance with the will of that functionary. Some
gentleman says the Union would have been dis-
solved if they had -succeeded. Then, sir, we
came very near dissolving the Union; for I do
not hesitate to say, that if the issues had been
fairly presented, and no means had been taken to
misguide the noithern mind, and skulk and mis-
represent the real issue in the North, our candi-
date would have prevailed.
Sir, if the Union is not better cemented than it
has been, if such fears were well founded, it
stands upon a precarious basis. If for a vote of
the people of the United States for a candidate
constitutionally eligible for the office, this great
Union of ours is to be dissolved, it is too feeble a
thing to be of very much consequence how soon
it is dissolved. Can we suppose that this Union
of ours, which has stood so long, is really liable
to a dissolution upon such a contingency? If it
is, it is a basis upon which a nation should not
rest its liberties. But, sir, it is not so. How-
ever, since gentlemen believe that the continuance
of this Union depended upoo the success of their
candidate, I wish now more strongly, and for
more reasons than I ever did before, that that little
contingency had happened which would have
carried the election the other way, so that such
pretenses might be seen to be the mere figments
of a diseased imagination. We of the North are
not the men who threaten that we will march
to the-capital at the head of armies, and take
the archives of your Government, and rob the
Treasury.
But southern gentlemen stand here, and in al-
most all their speeches speak of the dissolution
of the Union as an element ef every argument,
as though it were a peculiar condescension on
their part thatthe*y permitted the Union to stand
at all. If they do not %1 interested in upholding
this Union—if it really trenches on their rights—
if it endangers their institutions to such an extent
that they cannot feel secure under it-^if their
interests are violently assailed by means of this
Union, I am not one of those who expect that
they will long continue under it. I am not one
of those who would ask them to continue in such
a Union. It would be doing violence to the plat-
form of the party to which I belong. We have
adopted the old Declaration of Independence as the
basis of our political movements, which declares
that any people, when their Government ceases
to protect their rights, when it is so subverted
from the true purposes of government as to op-
press them, have the right to recur to funda-
mental principles, and if need be, to destroy the
Government under which they live, and to erect on
its ruins another more conducive to their welfare.
I hold that they have this right. I will not blame
any people for exercising it, whenever they think
the contingency has come. I certainly shall be
the advocate of that same doctrine whenever I
find that the principles of this Government have
become so oppressive to the section to which 1
belong, that a free people ought not longer to
endure it. You will not then find me backward
in being the advocate of disunion; but that con-
tingency never having come, I have never yet
opened my mouth in opposition to the Union. I
have never entertained a thought disloyal to this
Union. But I say, for Heaven's sake, act, not
talk. I am tired of this eternal din of " dissolu-
tion of the Union" which is brought up on all
occasions, and thrust into our faces, as though we
of the North had'some peculiar reason for main-
taining the Union that the southern States had
not. I hope the Union will continue forever. I
believe it may continue forever. I see nothing
at present which I think should dissolve it; but
if other gentlemen see it, I say again that they
have the same interest in maintaining this Union,
in my judgment,'that we of the North have. If
they think they have not, be it so. You cannot
forcibly hold men in this Union; for the attempt
to do so, it seems to me, would subvert the first
principles of the Government under which we live.
When we were told that, if our candidate had
succeeded, the time would have come for the
South to dissolve the Union, we were not told
why the great crisis would then have come. Our
candidate did not propose to administer the Gov-
ernment upon any other basis than that which
was adopted by Washington and Jefferson, and
by all the great men who have occupied the pres-
idential chair; but, on the contrary, the party who
were his advocates, and the candidate himself,
proposed and proclaimed to the world that he
would administer the Government upon the iden-
tical principles of those great predecessors. Why,
then, were we told that, however he would ad-
minister it, without any regard to his adminis-
tration at all, if he had been elected the Union
ought to have dissolved r
The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason]—
and I am glad he spoke in that direct, straight-
forward, manly way in which I always like to
seegjil these controversies handled—stated the
doctrines upon which this Union, in his judg-
ment, could continue. If I understand him, lie
placed the issue before us upon which he pro-
posed to dissolve the Union. I must say that
on his proposition, in my judgment, the two sec-
tions of the country are diametrically opposed to
each other; and if his views are well founded, I
can assure him there is as deliberate, intrepid,
settled a purpose in the North to uphold an op-
posite doctrine, as there can possibly be in the
bouth to sustain the doctrine which he enunci-
ated. I think, and I am happy to believe, that
at length, after a great deal has been said on the
subject, we are now approaching the real issue
which the people of both sections will very soon
understand. If I comprehend the Senator from
Virginia, his ultimatum of the Union was this:
that the institution of slavery, being recognized
in the Constitution of the United States, formed
an element of political power which must grow
and expand and be extended—he did not tell us
to what limit—as well without as within the
States. He did not say, but it seemed to be the
legitimate conclusion from what he did say, that
any attempt to limk this institution in the Terri-
tories would be attended by a disruption of the
Union. Did I understand him aright ?
