1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27
living on the other side of the line. If our polit-
ical power is to be overthrown by the growth of
this influence on the other side, and we have no
authority to limit it, then for one I shall count
the value of the Union. Whether any other man
will follow me or not, I cannot say; but my polit-
ical rights must be preseVved.
Now, sir, I hope that I have defined my posi-
tion. I speak for nobody else. I say to the
Senator from Virginia, that when he contends, as
a condition upon which this Union shall exist,
that no limitation shall be placed upon the growth
and expansion of slavery in the Territories of the
United States, I believe he is met with just as
firm a resolve on the part of the people of the
North that-this limitation shall be imposed, come
what may. I do not wish to disguise the princi-
ples upon which this canvass has proceeded. I
Know the Senator from Alabama claims that a
great majority of the people of the United States
Have spoken out in regard to the Presidency. I
thinkthat remark was not well considered. Have
a great majority of the people of the United
States pronounced in favor of the advancement of
Mr. Buchanan to the Presidency? I do not so
understand the facts. I believe that he is in a
minority in all the northern States. I will not
say that such is positively th^fact, because I have
not seen the tables of the votes; but I have
scarcely a doubt that he is immensely in the mi-
nority in almost every free State, and in the
aggregate North the majorities against him are
perfectly overwhelming.
Mr. FOSTER. Indiana gives him a majority.
Mr. WADE. In all but Indiana, I am told,
he is in a minority. Indiana is the solitary ex-
ception.
Mr. BIGLER. InPennsylvaniaMr. Buchanan
has a majority.
Mr. WADE. I do not know but that lie has.
Mr. FOSTER. A majority of seven hundred.
Mr. WADE. Seven hundred was the majority
there! If you can make anything out of that do
so. But when you look to the vote given by the
people of the North you find that it is perfectly
•overwhelming; it is an avalanche against you.
How is it in the South ? I cannot speak for that
section; but I know that two parties exist there
exceedingly hostile to each other, and a great mi-
nority gave their votes to another than Mr. Buch-
anan. Then, how can you speak of him as being
the exponent of a great majority of the people of
the United States? Sir, he is a minority Presi-
dent, and he cannot claim the palm of represent-
ing the opinions of a majority of the people erf
the United States. It is by the most shrewd and
adroit management, to say the least—by hiding
and concealing what is now avowed here, that you
have been able to carry any of the free States. In
the State of Pennsylvania, in all the Democratic
mass meetings for President that I know anything
about, there was inscribed in great letters upon
their banners, "Buchanan, Breckinridge, and
Free Kansasand their orators proceeded to show
that Mr. Buchanan was safer upon the subject
of freedom in Kansas than any other candidate.
I endeavored to enlighten them upon that pomt,
and to show that his triumph would be claimed
at once as a victory of the South over the North;
I knew it would be so; but men did not so appre-
ciate it. Thousands, yea hundreds of thousands
of votes, no doubt, were given for the successful
cai>didate on the hypothesis that what was in-
scribed on their banners and what fell from the
mouths of their orators was true. If the speech
of the Senator from Virginia had gone out, say-
ing that " we of the South, we of Mr. Buchanan's
party, claim that slavery shall be expanded into
the Territories as an.elementof political power, or
this Union shall be dissolved," you would have
found unanimity for our candidate instead of
divided councils. Claim that as a victory ! Why,
sir, the President himself, in that toothless malice
which has dictated this message, claims the result
as a triumph of his own opinions. The poor,
discarded, repudiated man is just retiring to
private life. I will not assail him for that, be-
cause, Heaven knows, he ought to have all the
props to sustain him which his fertile imagina-
tion can suggest. I do not wish to rob him of
one particle erf consolation that he can find,
in retiring from the position he occupies; but
I must deslare to him that he did not speak
the truth, when lie said his sentiments had
been indorsed by a great majority of the peo-
ple of the United States. The election of Mr.
Buchanan was anything but an indorsement of
him.. If tlje people of the United States by vast
majorities had approved his course, he being a
candidate before the convention of his party, I
doubt not he would have received a nomination
at the hands of his party. He was discarded.
Why? Evidently because he had been mixed
up with proceedings so utterly obnoxious and
objectionable to the northern mind. It was
known that, if theauthorof the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, the approver of the bill, who had stood by
it, and procured its passage, had been the candi-
date, nothing could have saved him from a total
defeat at the hands of the freemen of the North.
Sir, he knew it, and the party which selected the
candidate knew it; and the votes of the people
of Illinois show it unmistakably. There stood
two individuals fritted against each other; on the
one side, the chief engineer (if I may use the
expression) through the House of Represent-
atives of that bill, standing godfather to it there;
and on the other side, a man who opposed it
inch by inch, who denounced and repudiated it,
as I repudiate it. The acts of these two men
were public; they were known to all; they were
pitted against each other in the State of Illinois
for Governor. How did they come out of the
contest ? The godfather of the Nebraska bill
was utterly overthrown. Does not that furnish
unmistakable evidence that, if the President of
the United States, who was mixed up with the
same transaction, had been pitted against a man
who was not implicated in it, such would also
have been his fate ? I doubt it not.
But, Mr. President, I have detained the Senate
much longer than I intended when I rose. As I
said at the commencement, I should have been
glad if Senators had allowed the vote to be taken
without renewing the discussion to-day; but per-
haps the one hundred and seventy-five thousand
men in Ohio who are assailed, vilified, libeled,
and traduced by this message would think that I
ought to stand up here in vindication of them
from the high charge of having adopted principles
and doctrines tending to subvert the Union, and
to produce strife, and contention, and civil war,
between the sections of the Confederacy. They
are obnoxious to no such charge. I am glad that
we are likely to understand each other upon this
question.
Here let me remark that I trust no more will
be said in either section as to a dissolution of the
Union. It is a topic to which I have never alluded
before; but when an ultimatum is put forth, in the
Senate of the United States, upon which alone the
Union can be permitted to stand, and that ulti-
matum is utterly consistent with the settled doc-
trines and deliberate purposes of the other side,
I think we ought in ail kindness and in all fair-
ness to present our different positions,and to act
in accordance with our views. I have before me
a paper containing a portion of the recent mes-
sage of Governor Adams, of South Carolina, and j
resolutions introduced into the South Carolina
Legislature as preliminary steps towards a disso- j
lution of the Union. That is action. I do not j
object to it. What I object to is the eternal harp-
ing upon this topic. I say, the time for action
has come. Nobody is to be enlightened by talk;
nobody is to be frightened by it; but if a man
thinks the Union has perfonned its functions and
should be dissolved, let him stand up as the advo-
cate of dissolution. When I think that time has
come, I hope I shall not lack the nerve to state
my views here. 1 however entertain no such
opinion. I have never advocated a dissolution of
the Union, and am not nowin favor of dissolu-
tion. I hope to hear no more talk of that kind.
I would prefer to see something done upon the
subject. I know very well that this Union is not
to be preserved by a sentiment. Gentlemen may
make high-sounding speeches, to reconcile con-
flicting sections of the Union. They may talk of
the common struggles through which we have
gone; but no nation was ever kept together for
any length of time by such considerations as
those. Let us not deceive ourselves. When either
section of this nation becomes satisfied that a
continuance of the Union is not in accordance
with its best interests, that in the Union its insti-
tutions cannot bo secure, and that its best and
permanent interests require a disruption of the
Union, then that event will be brought about.
Of this I think there can be no doubt. Your pa-
triotic spfeechesand your affections for the Union
will be as mere cobwebs to stay the progress of
opinion. For one, I do not believe that there is
any reason why the Union should not continue
forever; but in my judgment it cannot be main-
tained if the principles now announced as an
ultimatum are really to be acted upon. If that
be so, in my judgment we are irreconcilably at
issue.
I assail no man's motives. I have pondered
enough on the human mind and human action to
know that circumstances li^ve much more to do
with our opinions and aetions than we are gen-
erally willing to avow. I am now a Black Re-
publican, as you call me, imbued, I hope, with
the principles of universal freedom and real De-
mocracy—its advocate on all occasions; but if I
had been born on the other side of the line, if I
had been nurtured by those who hold principles
diametrically opposite to those I now profess, no
doubt I should have principles diametrically op-
posite to those I now hold. Such considerations
modify the opinions a man might otherwise en-
tertain. We ought not, however, to be deterred
from stating the issues as they are, concealing
nothing on either side. Let us, if we can, recon-
cile the Union with the best interests of all sec-
tions and all parties, so that thus it may endure
forever, as I believe it may and ought. But it
other sections think otherwise—if they find if
cannot be done consistently with their interests
—I do not expect them to act in opposition to
their well-settled convictions of interest.
These, sir, are my sentiments on this subject.
They efTS brought forth by the portentous man-
ner in which the present President has attempted
to be justified in the partial, fanatical document
he has sent here for our consideration.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I came to the
Senate of the United States this session with as
firm a resolve as I supposed I could make for
myself—and if left to myself I should not depart
from it—to say not a single word during the ses-
sion except on business matters coming from my
committee, and such other business matters as
were likely to be the subject of legislation by
Congress; but, sir, candor, justice, and a sense
of self-respect forbid me to be silent upon this
occasion; and these are considerations which will
influence the remarks I shall make. I assure the
gentleman from Ohio that, as far as I can control
my language, not a word of retaliation shall
escape my lips; but he will hear, perhaps, before
I have concludcd, what I believe is of importance
to this country—indeed, what is of importance
in the history of any Government. Sir, there is
a logic in events far beypnd the opinion of any
man; and if the current of events put in motion
by the northern mind shall result in what has
been openly avowed—that the northern people
have acquired such an ascendency over this Gov-
ernment by their numerical strength as to make
it a Government of discretion, to be administered
under the Union and the forms of the Union,
without regard to the Constitution—if it shall
com#to this, that the northern people will under-
take to say that a slaveholder shall not be Presi-
dent of the United States—if they shall practi-
cally assume in any form (I am not particular as
, to the form) the attitude that, when they have
I strength enough, they will elect invariably the
President and Vice President from their section,
with an avowed purpose of excluding southern
citizens from eligibility to those high offices, the
end is manifest. What would this Union be
worth when the Constitution is violated ? Will
you assume to govern every part of the Confed-
eracy by your dictation, by men elected exclu-
sively by yourselves? When that proposition
shall be maintained practically in any form, in a
presidential election or otherwise—and it was as-
sumed at the last election—that both the candi-
dates shall come from the North, and none from
the South;—when you shall insist on dictating
, to mysection of the country, so far as regards the
i distribution of the patronage of the Government
! of the Confederacy, I shall feel myself to be a
| degraded citizen of this Republic if I submit to it.
I will not place my child, or those who look up
| to me, in a contiilion of disfranchisement and
I degradation.
I Here let me say what is nothing but fairness
