ao
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
respect?" Mark you, he is agreat Union man; he
is for preserving the Union, and throwing the
responsibility of its dissolution on the southern
States. Now, pray,'what is the difference be-
tween slavery in the Territories and slavery in
the States? He says, the fact that slaves arc an
element of political power is the most offensive
part of slavery, not only to him, but to the whole
northern mind. Then the Constitution is offens-
ive, and you make the broad declaration—such
is the language, and there is no way of escape
from it—that the Constitution under which you
live, and which you have sworn to support, is
offensive, to you and to the northern mind!
But, sir, this talk of freedom and slavery is
clap-trap. A great deal of mischief has been
done in the name of liberty by appealing to the
angry passions of men when their reason had
escaped. AH the eloquent harangues that have
been made about free Kansas are, in fact, for the
freedom of the negro and the abridgment of the
freedom of the white man.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How do you make that
out?
Mr. RUSK. I will show you. The people
go to Kansas: if they are free, they have a right
to choose their own institutions; if they have
perfect liberty, they have a right, when they go
there, to form a State government, and choose
their own institutions; and you have no power
to tajfe preliminary steps to infringe that right.
We have offered to submit that question to the
Supreme Court of the United States. You have
refused to accede to the submission. Then you
must be the guardian of the people of Kansas;
you must determine for them whether they shall
have slavery or not—you, living a thousand miles
off, and having a presidential candidate to elect,
not looking so much to their interests as the con-
trol of the Government of these States and the
immense patronage wielded by this Government!
You cry out for the freedom of the negro, and
you abridge the freedom of the white man. You
Kay to Kansas, " We will mold your institutions
to suit us, and you shall not have the privilege
of molding them to suit yourselves." That is
the effect; that is the clamor; that is the issue.
You contend for another doctrine which I hear
strenuously insisted upon here; and that is, that
slavery does not, by virtue of the Constitution,
fo to a Territory. You have high names for that
octrine; but do you believe it? Your actions
contradict it. If you so believe, why do you
agitate the country, and endanger the Union by
attempting to ingraft such a prohibition ill a law?
If the Constitution prohibits a man from taking
his slave to a Territory, why not rest upon the
Constitution ? Let some of you who wish to have
peace and quiet, and to get rid of this eternal
quarrel, draw up some instrument by which the
question of slavery going into Territories of the
United States shall be left to rest solely upon the
rights of the citizens of the Union under the Con-
stitution, and 1 will vote for it to-morrow; but
you will not do this. You were tested upon that
point eight years ago. The lamented Skimtor
whose death was announced yesterday oy his
colleague, and another who is about to follow him
from this body—not by a natural, but by a polit-
ical death—at which your party seem to exult,
because, in my opinion, he stood up for the Con-
stitution of the United States; those Senators
came forward with a proposition for the organi-
zation of territorial governments, known as the
Clayton compromise bill, by winch it was de-
clared that the Territorial Legislature should
neither establish nor prohibit slavery; but that
the question should be left to the judiciary, with
the right of taking an appeal directly to the Su-
preme Court to test the point whether, by taking
a slave there, he remained property or became
free. That proposition was rejected. It was
voted against by your party, and defeated by
them in the other House. There was an easy
way of compromising this difficulty,
I do not intend to use the language to which I
at first adverted, if I can avoid doing so; but I
cannot make strong promises, for I am subject,
like other men, to passions and excitements; but
1 trust in God that this elegant language of" false-
hood," " libel," "slander,"and " vituperation,"
as applied to one another here, or as applied by
one branch of the Government towards another,
will cease. Certainly the ideas sought to be con-
veyed can be announced in more appropriate and
less offensive language.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I have
but a few words to say. Like other Senators, I
may premise by remarking that I did not intend
to speak even the few words which I now propose
to submit; but the remarks that have fallen from
the honorable Senatorfrom South Carolina, [Mr.
Butler,] followed by those made by the honor-
able Senator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] induce
me to say something by way of defense for my-
self, and those whom 1 represent.
The President has sent us a message certainly
of a very singular character. I believe that,.in
the history of the country, he is the first Chief
Magistrate of the Union who has used his high
station for the purpose of assailing a large portion
of his fellow-citizens, the most of whom he ad-
mits to have been actuated by good motives. I
was disposed, however, with my honorable friend
from New York, [Mr. Seward,] tdMet that pass;
1 had some consideration for the position in which
he finds himself placed. My feelings towards
him were rather those of compassion than of a
different character. But, sir, I must say that,
after the attack he has made, and after the sort of
argument, if it may be dignified with the name of
argumrnt, which lie has endeavored to palm upon
the country in his annual message, in relation to
political affairs, we certainly may be excused, I
beg leave to say to the Senator from Texas, if
not for using words which are not of a strictly
parliamentary character, yet for stating some
things in reference to the message, from which
conclusions may be drawn quite as little to the
credit of the Chief Magistrate.
X hold that upon all occasions we ought to be
exceedingly careful in relation to the language
we use in addressing each other, or in speaking
of each other, or of any coordinate branches of
the Government; but if a high officer will avail
himself of the station in which he is placed to
assail, and moreover to insult,^. large portion of
the people whom he claims to represent—for he
assei ts that he is the representative, and the only
representative of the whole people—it ill becomes
the representatives in Congress, either of the
States or of the people, to sit perfectly silent and
allow it to pass, unless they can give a very good
reason for doing so. If I had kept silent upon
tliis occasion the only reason 1 should have given
is that which I have already intimated—that his
fallen position may be such as to induce men to
pardon very much that which could not other-
wise escape without rebuke.
Mr. President, the Chief Magistrate, in my
judgment, has, either by himself or by another,—
for some say that he is the author of his own
message, and some pretend to see in it the hand of
another person,—in this message studiously mis-
represented facts; he has sedulously endeavored
to fix upon a. very large portion of the people
of this country accusations which he knows to
be applicable to but few. There are in the free
States of the Union, as everybody knows who
reads the newspapers, or who is at all familiar
with the history of the country, two classes of
men who arc acting against the present Admin-
istration with reference to the slavery question.
One is a very small class, a very powerless class,
having- no direct influence in the councils of the
country, having no very considerable influence
flpon the public opinion of the country, who are
known as ultra-Abolitionists; who profess to
have no attachment to the Constitution of the
United States; who profess, even, that under the
Constitution there is power to abolish slavery in
the States, and who avow a willingness to exer-
cise that power. It is well understood that those
men are few; that their opinions are not repre-
sented here; that they have no power to be rep-
resented in those opinions here, in either branch
of Congress; that they have in fact almost as
little influence upoji public opinion in the whole
North as they have upon public opinion in the
South.
There is another class of men—a class which
has carried eleven States of this Union, and
would have carried every free State, in my judg-
ment, if the votes had been fairly given, except
California, of which I know nothing—a class
disclaiming all connection with the opinions of
that set of men to whom I have just alluded, all
connection with their principles 
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. PUGH. I would like the Senator to show
me an authoritative paper, either the platform of
the Republican party, or anything else, which
disclaims connection with those gentlemen. I
ask him to show me in the platform of the Re-
publican party any section denying the right of
Congress to legislate on the subject of slavery in
the States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir, that is not one
of the positions of which I have spoken.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator will understand
me. I did not interrupt him for the purpose of
being impertinent. I understood him to say that
the Republican party has denied its connection
with the faction which advocates the right of
Congress to legislate upon the subject of slavery
in the States, and 1 ask him to point me to the
place where they have denied such connection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was speaking of classes,
not'of pai ties. I say there is a large class—a class
which has carried these elections—£Eparty,if you
please to call it so, which does not agree with,
but disavows all connection with the sentiments
of that small porti&n of the people of whom I
have spoken. They do not disavow the con-
nection in their platform. They are not called
upon to say in their platform what they do not
believe and do not affirm. Itis sufficient that the
platform affirms positively what they mean—
states their positive opinions and positive inten-
tions. It is not necessary, nor is it proper, that
the platform of a party should undertake to deny
what it does not hold. But I say that in the
speeches of all their public men, and in all their
leading newspapers, they have, unquestionably,
without any hesitation, laid down principles en-
tirely at war with the principles assumed by
what are called ultra-Abolitiomsts.
Mr. PUGH. It was stated on the day before
yesterday by the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Brown,] and my own recollection corre-
sponds with his, having seen the article, that the
New York Tribune appealed to these men to
vote with the Republican party, because the
Republican party in due time would take their
position.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot deny that, be-
cause I do not know that it is not so; but I can
say that, although a reader of the New York
Tribune, I never saw it. Whether it is there or
'not I cannot say. But even if it were there, it
by no means follows that it is a part of the creed
of the Republican party. I hold that no party is
responsible for all that appears in all the news-
papers which support its candidates. Do you
hold that the Democratic party in the North is
responsible for the doctrines of the Charleston
Standard ?
Mr. PUGH. No.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why do you hold the
Republican party at the North responsible for
the doctrines of the New York Tribune,if it made
any such announcement?
Mr. PUGH. I wish to be fair with the Sen-
ator. I understood him first to assert that the
Republican party disavowed its connection with
these other gentlemen. 1 then asked him to
show me the place where they disavowed it.
He said it was not in the platform, but in the
newspapers; that every newspaper disavowed it.
I named one which did not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I said nothing about it3
connection. I said it disavowed those principles;
and there is no paper of the Republican party
which has ever advocated the doctrine of the
ultra-Abolitionists. No Senator can cite me to
one. If there be such a one, it is not an author-
itative exponent of the Republican party.
' Mr. BROWN. If the Senatorfrom Maine will
yield me the floor for a moment, I will ask him
one question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With great pleasure.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator says the news-
papers of the Republican party have not advo-
cated the principles of the ultra-AWitiomsts.
Does he not know thattheultra-Abolition paivrs
have advocated and sustained the principles of the
Republican party?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose they have,
what of it?
Mr. BROWN. A great deal of it. It shows
