1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
$1
that sort of affinity between the two parties
which, it seems to me, oil the basis laid down
by the Senator from Maine, ought to be exceed-
ingly objectionable to him, and the objection he
ought to manifest. If he entertains principles
so close to those of the Abolition party that they,
seeing they have no chance to elect a man of
their own, readily fall into the support of his
party, is it not apparent that, whenever they
have gained sufficient ascendency in the party,
they will control everything to their own advant-
age? Things having a tendency in that direc-
tion, we are left to conjecture how soon the time
will come when the Abolition element of his party
will be the predominant element.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is precisely that kind
of logic to which I object as altogether unfair
and inconclusive. I ask the honorable Senator
from Mississippi, in reply, does he not well
know that the Charleston Standard supported
the candidates of the Democratic party? I cite
this as a mere example. Is the Democratic
party responsible for it? Are we to take it
that the Senator from Mississippi and all his
friends maintain the doctrines of that paper—that
they are in favor of disunion—hold that disunion
would be the very best thing that could happen
for the people of the South, and that a party
should be formed to accomplish it? Does he
indorse all those doctrines as the doctrines of the
party ?
Mr. BROWN. The Senator speaks of the
Charleston Standard. ' I suppose he means the
Charleston Mercury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; I mean the
Charleston Standard.
Mr. BROWN. It is a paper I never read, and
I do not know anything about it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has had a long series
of articles to the effect which I have stated.
Mr. BROWN. Sentiments reflected by par-
ticular newspapers are one thing. The senti-
ments reflected by an organized political party
are altogether a different thing. Now I state
that the whole Abolition party of the North, the
Garrison and Gerrit Smith and Fred Douglass
party—the party known to the country as the
Abolition party perse, went for John C. Fremont
for President, and were invited to do so by the
leaders of the Republican party.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know nothing about
the invitation, and I do not know whether they
were invited by leaders or not. That a part of
them voted for the Republican party, and that a
part did not, I am well aware. The Abolition
party itself was not sunk in the Republican
party. That individuals of that party voted for
the Republican candidates may be true; but how
does that prove that the more than one million of
men who voted for John C. Fremontare actuated
by the same principles ? Is a party responsible
for the principles of every man \#io chooses to
act with it as a matter of choice ? The reason-
ing is illogical. In my judgment it is unfair—I
use the word in no offensive sense. We do not
hold ourselves responsible for the private opin-
ions of all who choose to vote with us; nor do
we hold our fellow-citizens of the South respons-
ible for the private opinions of all men who
choose to vote with them; nor for all the opin-
ions expressed in the public newspapers of the
South, some of which are unquestionably offens-
ive to southern people—quite as offensive to them
as to us, for I believe there are as good friends
to the Union in the South as in the North.
What I object to in the message,'therefore, is
this: the President well knew, well understood,
that there was a wide distinction between the
small, powerless class of ultra-Abolitionists in
the Ave States, and the great party which nom-
inated John C. Fremont as a candidate for the
Presidency; and yet,throughout this message,he
makes no distinction between these two parties,
but endeavors to fasten on the country the idea
that they are one and the same; that the same
men who sustain the one set of principles sustain
the other. Not only does he do that, but he
endeavors to prove the principles themselves
identical, although knowing very well that there
is a wide distinction between the doctrines of
those who n}aintain that slavery should not be
extended, and of those who maintain that this
Union should be dissolved, or that the rights of
the States should tjc interfered with in reference
to slavery. He makes the attempt, and carries
it through his message, to show that the princi-
ples and objects themselves are one and the same,
and endeavors to blind the country to the true
distinction between them. It may be unparlia-
mentary to impute motives to anybody; but he
imputes motives to us; he attacks the Republican
party, and charges it distinctly with a design to
overthrow the Constitution of the United States,
and a design to usurp power. What truth is
there in this? Are we going beyond the limits
of propriety when we reply: to the President of
the United States, and say: " Sir, in that message
. you attempt and design to encourage and extend
the feeling that now exists between the citizens
of the free and slave States of this Union." I
believe that was his motive; and I have as much
right here in my place to charge him with a mo-
tive improper for him to conceive, and entertain,
and be guided by, as he has to charge me from
his place wi^fe being actuated by motives of the
same character.
But I do not mean to waste much time upon
the President's message. I did not rise for that
purpose. I rose to defend my section of the
country, the people whom I represent here, the
old Democratic State of Maine, in its present
position, with its twenty-five thousand majority
for Fremont, from the charge which has been
made by the President against it. My object
was to deny the truth of his statements—to repel
them, so far as I can repel them", from my place
here in the Senate, and all charges of the same
description, come from what quarter they may.
I am not to be deterred from doing so-by any
warning given by the honorable Senator from
Texas, against making imputations, when those
imputations are called for by the message itself.
The honorable Senator from Texas says he
deprecates the introduction of the slavery ques-
tion into the Senate. I have no doubt that he
does. So do I, unless it is necessary. But let
me ask him, as my honorable friend from Ohio
inquired, who brought it here? Who brought
here, in the first place, the agitation that has torn
this country asunder during the present Admin-
istration ? Was it not the President of the United
States, acting in conjunction with those who
repealed the Missouri compromise line? Did it
exist before the Kansas-Nebraska bill was brought
into the Senate? Was not the country quiet?
Was not the Senate quiet? Was not the House
of Representatives quiet? Was there any agita-
tion—any disturbance anywhere? There was
none.
Mr. RUSK. Does the Senator desire an
answer ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. " I shall be happy to re-
ceive one.
Mr. RUSK. The Senator certainly cannot
have forgotten that long befgre the Nebraska bill
was thought of there was opposition to the fugi-
tive slave law. Petitions for its repeal were pre-
sented, and there was a constant agitation on that
text before the Senate and the country, and in
public newspapers. It was used for political
capital. Now it has become popular to say that
the Kansas-Nebraska bill introduced the agita-
tion of slavery. Why, sir, it has been going on
for upwards of twenty years. This was a better
text than the fugitive slave law, and therefore the
fugitive slave law was abandoned and this taken
up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; I understand
all that; but let me ask the Senator again, in my
turn, had not all those matters been settled by
what were called the compromise acts? Had not
the country been quieted, or was it not supposed
to have been quieted, by the resolutions of the
two conventions held in Baltimore in 1852, by
both of which it was resolved that there should
be no more agitation on the subject—thatneither
party would agitate the question as it then stood,
and so long as it remained in its then existing
condition?" Was not that the conclusion arrived
at by both the great parties of the country at that
time ? When the first Congress under President
Pierce's administration met, was there any dis-
turbance from the commencement of it up to the
time when the Kansas-Nebraska bill was intro-
duced into the Senate of the United States? No,
sir; none at all. The country had been quieted;
it had acquiesced, and it was well known it had
acquiesced. A very general disposition existed
everywhere—it was announced here upon the floor
of the Senate—that those questions should not be
mooted again, but the country be left to rest in
quiet, and form its own conclusions. Was it not
so ? I think I shall be borne out by ample testi-
mony on that point.
Mr. ADAMS. I call the attention of the Sen-
ator to the fact that some States, Vermont for
instance, had, by their Legislatures, before the
introduction of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, passed
laws against the execution of the- fugitive slave
law ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That may be. Suppose
they did so. I am speaking of agitation here, on
the floor of the Senate, and in the other branch
of Congress.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the Senator
allow me to interrupt him for a moment, to give
him some information which he seems not to
have ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am much obliged to
the Senator. I am always glad to be instructed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope so. The
Senator inquired whether there .was agitation
here. Two propositions were made in the Senate
to repeal the fugitive slave law, after the passage
of the compromise measures of 1850, and a vote
was taken upon them in the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator had at-
tended to me he would have known that I was
speaking of the first Congress that met after the
inauguration of President Pierce. I say that the
platforrff" of the two party conventions, held in
the summer preceding his election.deprecated all
further agitation. When he delivered his inau-
gural address he alluded to that fact, and claimed
that no further agitation should take place upon
that subject in the country. Congress met, and
nothing was said. There was a general disposi-
tion to acquiesce in those measures—to do noth-
ing and say nothing so long as matters remained
in that condition. It was the introduction of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill which rekindled the fires
of agitation in Congress and in the country. It
was his act, because he indorsed and sustained
it, and used the power of his office in order to
carry it through. Well, sir, it has passed, and
we have gone through another election. It was
hoped, perhaps generally, that we should escape
from any unnecessary agitation on this subject
now. But what do we find ? On the second day
of the session comes in a message from the Pres-
ident, calculated as well as any document in the
world could be calculated, to effect the same
object, and stir this Congress again into a blaze;
characterized by violent, although covert, attacks
upon the principles and motives of the great ma-
jority of the people of the free States, of one of
which he is an unworthy son—insulting to men,
many of whom, to say the least, are quite as
good, quite as wise, and as able as himself; a
document intended (for I give him credit for a
reasonable degree of sense) to stir up agitation,
| and 1 believe, upon my conscience, intended to
l do so for the purpose of accomplishing his own
| individual objects in the future; for I can see no
other reason for the course he has taken. When
that document comes into the Senate, and some
gentlemen do not choose to sit silent under its
imputations thus thrust upon us, gentlemen from
the South ask why this eternal agitation ? Why
not keep silent on this subject r Why is it again
brought before the country, and to the consider-
ation of the Senate ? Sir, of what stuff do you
suppose we are made ? If we are disposed to be
quiet, you call us craven, we are afraid to speak,
! we have not spirit enough to protect or defend
1 ourselves ! If we speak out, we are agitators,
and desire to rake open the coals of discord
' throughout this great country. Allow us to be
' either one or the other—either spirited enough to
answer for ourselves, or else impute to Something
, else than cowardice our disposition to remain
' quiet when there seems to be no particular neces-
] sity for our speaking.
| Mr. RUSK. Will the Senator allow me to
. interrupt him for a moment?
; Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly, sir.
j Mr. RUSK. Has he ever heard from ijie a
! sentiment to justify what he has just said r
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir.
Mr. RUSK. Or from any other southern
Senator? „ , ,
I Mr. FESSENDEN. -1 do not know that I
