THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1856.
New Series....No. 3.
the desire to make Kansasafree State, as did the
Republicans of the State of Maine. So it was
universally, as far as I know anything about it,
in the free States. Gentlemen need not flatter
themselves, therefore, that that issue has been
presented and decided in the free States. If .we
did so much without it; if we did so much with
and in opposition to the acts and principles of
this Administration alone ; if what was done,
what was said, and what was admitted, could
carry the old Democratic State of Maine by a ma-
jority of more than twenty-five thousand votes, and
the Democratic State of Michigan, represented
here in part by the distinguished Senator near me,
[Mr. Cass,] by nearly twenty thousand votes,
what would have happened in those two States
if the sentiment which has been stated and advo-
cated by the Senator from Virginia had been
openly advocated before the people there ? Sir,
there would have been hardly a vestige left of
what is called the Democratic party in either of
those States, or in any other free State in this
Union.
What is that doctrine? The Senator from
Virginia claims that the Constitution recognizes
the existence of slavery as an existing institution.
Grant it; so it does by clear implication. He
claims that it concedes to it certain political
power. I grant that also; it provides for and
gives it political power. He claims that to be a
contract. I grant that also, and a contract to be
maintained. Sir, I repudiate the idea of any in-
tention on the part of the Republican party to
interfere in any shape with that contract, or with
any of the legitimate consequences of that con-
tract—any of those advantages to which the
slave States are entitled in consequence of that
contract. But, sir, when it is said that a neces-
sary inference from this is the right to expand
that institution, to spread it over territory where
it does not exist, and to increase its political
power thus, we take issue with him; he finds no
such thing in the Constitution.
Mr. MASON. The Senator I believe under-
stands me, if I correctly apprehend the language
in which he has conveyed the idea. X said this,
that as a necessary inference from the recogni-
tion, the protection, and the ascription to it of
political power, what followed ? It should be
left to its just and legitimate susceptibilities of ex-
pansion. What is the meaning of this? That
those who hold slaves should be allowed to carry
them into the Territories, the common property
of the whole country. What is the language of
the party for which the honorab^ Senator from
Mains is now speaking? That in the organic
law creating government in the Territories there
shall be a prohibition against the introduction of
slavery. That is the tenet of the party, I believe.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Yes, sir. '
Mr. MASON. Then if Congress pass a law
prohibiting the introduction of slaves, there is
denied to the institution what I claim to be its
just susceptibility of expansion. Now, what
was the issue presented in the last canvass in the
State so ab'.y represented by the honorable Sen-
ator on this floor, or anywhere else, I know not;
but I do know what was the issue on this sub-
ject which was presented in the political platform
adopted at Cincinnati by the Democratic party.
That issue was the doctrine of the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill. What was that? The territorial
government was so organized there as to admit
citizens of all the States, whether free or slave,
to take their property into the Territories; and
when tliey organized themselves, or were organ-
ized under the law, into a legislative body, then
to determine for themselves whether this institu-
tion should exist amongst them or not. The
specific difference is, that under the Kasas law
citizens from the slave Status might go into the
Territory with their property; citizens from free
States might go there holding no such property,
and, when they got there and met in common
council as a legislative body, they should de-
termine whether the institution should prevail;
whereas the party which the honorable Senator is
now representing here declares that, in the organic
law creating the government in the Territory,
there shall be a prohibition in. limine, that no slaves
shall go there. That was the issue presented by
the platform adopted at Cincinnati. What col-
lateral issues may have been presented in differ-
ent States by their orators and papers I know not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I so understand it; but
what I was speaking of was, that the precise
proposition now contended for by the Senator
from Virginia was presented nowhere in that
form, or substantially like it. Certainly, in the
free States, it was not said, and was not claimed,
that a portiqji of the constitutional rights of those
who hold slaves is the right of expansion over
free territory outside of State limits. If the Sen-
ator had said they had a right to the natural ex-
pansion of political power within the States,
arising from those provisions, as, for instance,
from the increase of the number of slaves, I cer-
tainly should agree with him—there is no disput-
ing that; but when he claims, as part of the
contract, by necessary implication, that they have
a right to such expansion as might arise from
transporting those slaves into free territory, and
thus establishing political institutions of the same
character, I say that is no part of the contract.
When the Constitution was formed, that was a
concession to the slave power, the slave interest.
If it was Intended that they should have neces-
sarily a right, without the consent of Congress,
or contrary to the laws of Congress, to spread
the institution uncontrolled over free territory,
and thus form new States and acquire new
power, in my judgment, the Constitution, in
that form, would never have been adopted. As
my honorable friend from Ohio has said, the
cotemporaneous exposition of the Constitution
by those who made it shows the contrary. So
much political power was granted: it was granted
to the States where the institution existed, so long
as they chose to keep it in operation. It was not
assumed that it might necessarily be extended
over free territory—free from the control of Con-
gress. It is part of our creed that Congress
ought, in all cases, to provide against the exten-
sion of the institution of slavery over the free
Territories of the United States. We claim that
there is no right on the part of the slave States to
carry it there. We argue it here, as my friend
from Ohio has said, not on the ground of human-
ity, not on the question, whether slavery is right
or wrong in itself—with that, here, I do not
choose to deal—but on the question of political
power. i
The honorable Senator from Texas will not
undertake again,. I think, to assert, that when
slaves are transported from any State into a Ter- -
ritory, and that Territory becomes a State with
slave institutions, the political power of slavery
is not thereby increased. The object avowed by
the section to which the honorable Senator be-
longs—the object avowed by the Senotor from
South Carolina, I think upon this floor, certainly
elsewhere, is to enable the slave States to procure
either an equality or a majority in number of
Senators here, in order that they may be able to
control legislation ill regard to that institution, as
well as in regard to other particulars.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not put it in that way.
I do not think the question, whether one section
or the other should have the ascendency, ever
entered into the conception of those who made
the Constitution. I will inform tlie Senator that
I have never maintained that we should contend
for an ascendency in the slave States with a view
to control the non-slaveholding States. I disavow
any such idea. I think, however, that the most
fortunate thing for both would be to have an
equilibrium.
Mr. RUSK. The Senator from Maine will
find that I have not contended for any such thing
in regard ,to my own State. She is entitled to
have three additional States formed within her
limits, but we have not asked to bring them in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In due course of time I
expect to see them apply for admission. j
Mr. RUSK. Will you vote for their admis-
sion? >
Mr. FESSENDEN. That depends on cir-
cumstances.
Mr. RUSK. I supposed so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If I be here when the
time comes, I shall vote probably one way or
, the other on that subject.
I Mr. RUSK. No doubt of it.
| Mr. FESSENDEN. You say our desire is to
' obtain the control of the Government, by means
; of our greater population, and of our necessarily
! greater increase of numbers. You say that this
! increase will continue. Probably so, if you give
! us room to expand; but if you shut us up within
! the comparatively limited territory we now have,
! and you appropriate all the Territories of the
I United States, as I think you would be glad to
! do, for the purpose of making slave States, I do
! not know where in the process of time we may
be; for it is observable that people of the North
who go into slave States are very apt to become
as enamored with the institution as those born
and bred there.
Mr. BUTLER. And like negroes just as
well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I dare say, and perhaps
a little more. Very likely they make worse
I masters, as a general rule, than those born and
! bred in the same community with the slaves. It
, would be reasonable to suppose so.
I Mr. BUTLER. I will here pay a just tribute
1 to one northern man. He is, I believe, one of
! the best planters I ever knew; and he is the strict-
! est governor. I think it is mercy to govern well
| and strictly. Those who take property by he-
! reditary right—children who take it from their
' parents, are very indulgent to their slaves, and
generally spoil them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am very glad to re-
ceive information on that subject, as I ana on
any subject, from the Senator from South Caro-
lina, or anybody else. But, after all, the ques-
tion is simply this: the Senator from Texas does
not deny, and no one, I think, will deny, that
the great object of this struggle on the part of
the South is to obtain an equality, or keep an
equality, of political power in this body.
Mr. RUSK. I do not contend for any such
ground. The ground of my contention is this:
that to the Territories, the common property of
the United States, the people of each of the States
have a right, unembarrassed, to go with their
property; and when you see proper here in Con-
gress, without any express authority of the Con-
stitution, to say that, owing to the moral condi-
tion of the southern States, we cannot emigrate
there with our property, I regard that as an
attempt to fasten on the section which I repre-
sent, and those who are to come after me, an
odious distinction, which the Senator is much
mistaken if he supposes we will submit to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not suppose any-
thing about it. Whether the Senator and his
friends submit to it or not would not make a
particle of difference in my action. As I said
before, on that position fhe Republican party has
planted itself, namely: that it will oppose to the
end—I may say to the bitter end, if bitter it must -
be—the extension of slavery over free territory.
That is their doctrine; it is mine.
Mr. RUSK. The Senator will put it in a proper
form. I do not like these phrases to catch pop-
ular opinion. We of the South have planted
ourselves on our equal rights under the Consti-
tution. Our numbers or our weakness does not
make the slightest difference. So &r as I am
concerned, I shall live under and support this
Government as long us it maintains my equal
rights. The Constitution maintains my equal
rights in the State where I live, and in the Terri-
tories of the United States. When a majority,
in {as I believe) disregard of the obligations of
the Constitution, shall deny me my constitutional
rights, against that act* of usurpation I am pre-
pared to stand up and resist, and I will not stop
to inquire what the consequences may be.
