34
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4*
Mr. FESSENDEN. The honorable Senator
from Texas is a very brave and determined man,
and I have no idea that he says anything which
he does not mean; and would not carry out. At
the same time he will permit me to say, without
regard to what the South may do, or what individ-
uals may do, or may express their design to do, in
case of a certain event, if we regard, and so long
as we do regard, that matter to be essential to us
and to our rights under the Constitution of the
United States, we gliall, with equal pertinacity,
follow it out, until there ceases to be any hope
to accomplish the object.
Mr. RUSK. You have the numbers.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator from Maine
will allow me [ will ask him a question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think I am exceed-
ingly liberal to-day.
Mr. BROWN. I understand the Senator to
take the ground, that the Republican party of
the North mean to oppose, and to oppose to the
bitter end, the extension of slavery to any of the
Territories of the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Any free territory, I
said.
Mr. BROWN. I ask the Senator this: sup-
pose the people of Kansas, uninfluenced by the
action of the Government—by any interference
on the part of the southern people, left perfectly
free to act and elect for themselves, shall choose
to introduce slavery and ask for admission into
the Union as a slave State, will he oppose their
admission ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will meet that question
when it comes. I have noticed the particular
mode which Senators have here (anil it is very
acute) when gentlemen are following a particular
line of argument, to interrupt them by asking
what they would do in a supposable case—I pre-
sume with the object of producing embarrass-
ment.
Mr. BROWN. Not at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, whatever the ob-
ject may be, 1 beg leave to say to the Senator
from Mississippi, and all others, that lam not
to be caught in any such way. 3 will answer
any question in reference to my line of argument;
but whenever they attempt to get me out of that
line by asking what [ will do in any supposed
contingency, my only answer is, that 1 will let
you know how I vote when the contingency
arises. .
Mr. BAYARD. Allow me to ask a question
in the Senator's line of argument?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. BAYAKD. 1 wisii to understand on
what ground he claims that it is an interference
with the rights of the people of the non-slave-
holding States for Congress to abstain from the
exercise of any power in reference to the com-
mon territory of the Union, either prohibiting or
authorizing slavery there ? In what respect does
it violate the rights of any citizen, or of any non-
slaveholding Slate, for Congress to exercise no
power, either for the purpose of prohibition, or
for the purpose of authorization of slavery? On
the other side, I suppose the prohibition infringes
on the lights of citizens of the United States to
go with any species ofpropeity into territory
which belongs to the people of the whole Union:
it is a violation of the rights of the citizens of
tlio.se States who happen to hold that particular
description of property. I do not see where the
violation is on the other side.
Mr, FESSENDEN. [f I thought that a pro-
hibition by Congress of the extension of slavery
to the Territories was interfering with the con-
stituUonal right of any man in any section of
the Tlmon, [ certainly should not be an advocate
for that interference. The question, however,
has been argued over and over again upon this
floor, I might say argued even ad nauseam, until
everybody is tired of it. It has been argued over
and over again upon every stump through the
whole country. We know the force of the argu-
ment, that tlus is only permitting the people to
act for themselves; carrying out the idea of pop-
ular sovereignty; and that there is a right in the
people of the Territories to form their iwn insti- i
tutions to suit themselves, and a right in the
people of the southern States to remove into the ;
Territories, and carry their slaves with them.1
The question has been argued here too often not'
to be entirely familiar to the honorable Senator i
from Delaware, and he knows very well that we
deny there is any such constitutional right on the
part of anybody. We deny that slavery can
exist in the Territories unless by force of positive
law.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator did
not understand my question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did.
Mr. BAYARD. I think not. I merely added
to my inquiry my own views of the violation of
right upon the one side; I did not ask him to
discuss that. My question was, what injustice,
what injury results to the people of the non-
slaveholding States from allowing the people of
the whole country to have a right to go to any
territory of the United States with any species of
property they possess? In what way does it
affect his own State injuriously?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was coming to that;
but being a little circuitous, perhaps, in my logic,
I had not arrived at it quite so soon as the hon-
orable Senator might have expected. I was lay-
ing the foundation for my answer by saying, that
we deny all those asserted rights with which the
Senator closed his question to me. We deny that
there is any constitutional right, on the part of
any southern man, to go into a free Territory,
and carry his slaves with him, and hold them
there. We say that slavery can exist there only
by force of positive law. Although the contrary
has become the settled doctrine of the Democratic
party at the present time, we deny it still. We
say, moreover—and allow me to repeat it—that
when we prohibit you from carrying slaves to a
Territory, we leave you still with the same rights
which we ourselves possess. No law is unequal
in operation unless it acts unequally upon dif-
ferent persons. The Senator from Delaware can
go to these Territories with his hands, and his
heart, and his head, and make the most of them
there, upon the same terms that I can go and
make the most of the vastly inferior power, phys-
ical and intellectual, which God has given to me.
We say that when we leave the South and the
North, the slave States and the free States, upon
that precise line, we leave them equal, and we
trench on no rights of theirs by that prohibition.
We say, moreover, that the Constitution has
expressly given to the Congress of the United
States the power to make rules and regulations for
the Territories, and that this authority includes
the power to prohibit slavery in the Territories,
and prevent its extension over them. I remem-
ber that the first time I had the honor of address-
ing the Senate, the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan [Mr. Cass] denied this position, and told
me the Supreme Court had decided otherwise. I
had so much respect for him that I did not dis-
pute his word, though I was not aware of any
such decision. Since that time I have looked
into the subject, and certainly none such can be
found.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator is mis-
taken. He misunderstands what I said to him.
The ground which he took was on the old ques-
tion of the power of Congress to extend general
ju risdiction oyer the Territories, under that clause
ot t'he Constitution giving the power to regulate
the public lands. 1 merely stated to the honor-
able Senator that the Supirme Court had decided
that the term "territory" m that clause of the
Constitution meant land. That they did decide.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will refer
to the printed debate of that day, he will find
that he is in error. He will find that he went as
far as 1 now state, that is to say, that the Supreme
Court had decided contrary to the view which I
was then taking, viz: that they derived all neces-
sary power to legislate for the Territories under
that clause of the Constitution. That the Sena-
tor denieds on the authority of the Supreme Court.
Although I did not dare, as a young member of
this body, to dispute it then, I have since ascer-
tained that he was in error on that point.
Mr. CASS. The circumstance is perfectly
fresh in my mind. ^ I argued the question ten
years ago, and ten times since. I am not goino- •
to enter into it now. The point of the honorable I
Senator, on the occasion to which ho alludes, i
turned, as I understood him, upon the meaning i
of the word " territory"—whether it extended !
further than the public lands. A Senator not !
now in his seat—I think it was Mr. Somker :
assured the gentleman that the Supreme Court i
made that decision. It was one of the Senators
sitting on that side near him who declared that
such a decision had been made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was affirmed by the
honorable Senator from California, [Mr. Wci-
ler.]
Mr. CASS. I think it was also acknowledged
by one of the Senators on the other side.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir.
Mr. CASS. It was touching the decision of
the Supreme Court, that the word "territory"
in this clause was equivalent to " public land."
With respect to the other point, permit me to say-
that I did not put it. The main argument I pro-
duced in this body years ago. I did not assume
that the Supreme Court had so decided. I stated
that, in the opinior^of Judge Marshall, which has
been alluded to during this debate, he put the
rightof governing the Territories on three or four
different grounds. He put it on the ground of
sovereignty. He put it on the ground of the
regulation of property. He put it on the ground
of the aquisition of territory; and finally, lie put
it ontheground of possession, viz: that the power
was exercised. I never based the view which f
took of the incompetency of Congress to legislate
on the domestic concerns of the people of a Ter-
ritory on a decision of the Supreme Court.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall not attempt at
this day, and on this occasion, to review any
of the former speeches made by the honorable
Senator from Michigan. If I misunderstood
him upon the former occasion, my misunderstand-
ing is matter of record. What he then said is
also matter of record. If he refers to it, he will
find that I am not out of the way, for I have
looked at it since the occurrence with reference
to this particular view. I take it, then, not to be
disputed by him at least, that it is the settled
doctrine of the Supreme Court of the United
States that, under this clause of the Constitution,
Congress has a right to legislate for the Territo-
ries. That right may be deduced besides from
the necessity of the case. The power has been
exercised over and over again. What we hold
as a party is, that as this power exists in the
Congress of the United States, it is the duty
of Congress so to exercise it as to prevent the
extension of slavery over free territory.
I come now to answer, so far as I can, the
question put to me by the honorable Senator
from Delaware. He asks how they interfere
with us > Sir, we are a partnership. The fiec
States and the slave States are connected together.
The people of the free States and of the slave
States ought to have influence m this Confederacy
somewhat in proportion to their population.
There is a provision in the Constitution which
enables the slave States to exercise a power dis-
proportioned to their number of free people. Jt
is, as claimed by the Senater from Virginia, an
element of political power. If it be a fact that
free and slave^abor cannot exist together, if the
two systems be in a degree antagonistical, if then-
interests be in a measure opposite, everything
which has a tendency to increase the political
power of the slave interest in this country is a
direct encroachment on the political power of the
free people of the free States. It may be con-
stitutional—it maybe legal; but it is none the loss
an encroachment. What tends to increase the
one tends also to diminish the other. Conse-
quently the effect, if beneficial politically to voe,
is injurious politically to us. It is on this posi-
tion, as stated by the Senator from Ohio, that we
base ourselves in some degree.
Again, this is a political partnership, and the
common burdens are to be borne in common.
We have an interest that the Territories of this
country shall be mode into great States, strong
States, powerful and rich States, able to proti ct
I themselves, and aid us in protecting the country,
to increase the revenues and power of def'en:—,
and power of attack of this great nation. Will
^ the honoiable Senators from the slave Slates
j pretend to say that slave institutions have Hie
J same effect and the same power in making ffn-ut,
j and powerful, and strong States of the iJii.nn,
j members of the partnership, as free institutions
| have? Will they so contradict all history 1.1 to
I hazard any such assertion5 I trust not. Li.uk
j at the State of Virginia. It is a State that I look
I upon with great kindness; but will the honoiable
Senator from Virginia,-(he is not now in Unseat,)
