1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. GID0INGS made a remark of like im-
port, which was not audible to the reporter.
Mr. FLORENCE. I know that that gentle-
man [Mr. Giddings] is a practical working man,
always in his seat and in his place. [Laughter.]
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
Mr. GRANGER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce at this time the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Rev. Daniel Waldo be the Chaplain
of the House for the present session of Congress.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
Mr. PHELPS. ' I move that there be a call of
the House. I desire, however, to proceed with
the dispatch of business; and if gentlemen are
willing to proceed at this time with the business
of drawing for seats, I will not submit the motion
for a call of the House
Mr. GROW.
regular order.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I move that there be a
call of the House.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. As the House is de-
termined not to dispose of the question of drawing
for seats, I have a personal request to make. I
am compelled by public business to be absent for
some time from Washington city fit my own resi-
dence in the State of Georgia. It is not private
business which carries me there, but public busi-
ness. 1 therefore shall not be here when the
seats are drawn. The principal object which I
had in coming here before I had attended to that
business, was that I might be present at the draw-
ing for seats; and I now request of the House
that I may be permitted, if the drawing takes
place in my absence, to select a seat by proxy.
Many Members. Draw now.
Mr. MORGAN. I have a colleague who is
sick at home, and who cannot be here to draw
his seat. If any gentleman obtains leave to draw
by proxy, every other absent gentleman will have
the same right.
87
; Watson, Welch, Whitney, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-1
! worth—107. j
j So the House refused to order a call,
i Mr. LEITER. 1 again ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take up the resolution
| providing for the d rawing of seats. Until we get
' locations here we cannot provide ourselves with
stationery, nor proceed to business. I do hope
; the drawing will be allowed. It is the general
■ sentiment of the House.
| Mr. BARCLAY. I object. !
I Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I again suggest '
j that we fix a day on which we can finally wind j
up this controversy. Let us fix a day for that, j
i then adopt the resolution of the gentleman from :
j New York, [Mr. Ghanger,] to appoint a Chap- ;
I lain, then draw for seats,and then adjourn, so as j
; to allow members to attend to other business. I !
■ ask the unanimous consent of the House to sub-
I object to everything out of the j 1 Pr0P0Sed W offer tIle |
The resolution was read, as follows: j.
Resolved^ That aii further proceedings having reference '
to the admission of John W. Whitfield as a Delegate from |
the Territory of Kansas to a seat in this House, bo post- '
poned until Tuesday next, at one o'clock, p. m., at which 1
hour the question will he finally disposed of; and that there- !
after no motion in relation to his right to a seat will be j
entertained by the Ilouse at the present session. !
Mr. BARCLAY. Is it in order to move an ]
amendment to that resolution r j
The SPEAKER. It is not before the House, j
and cannot be amended untii it haa been received j
by the House. j
Mr. STEPHENS. I have no objection to that i
[ resolution if it be called up on that day without '
i the operation of the previous question. I wish :
< to discuss the merits of the question before final ;
action be had upon it.
Mr. GROW. 1 object to the introduction of \
j the resolution. j
I Mr. STEPHENS. Is it not in order to post-
s pone the pending question, which is to lay the
' motion to reconsider on the table?
in order to postpone a motion to lay on the table
a motion to reconsider. It will be in order to
postpone the question when the motion to lay on
the table shall have been disposed of.
Mr. STEPHENS. If the motion to lay on
the table do not prevail, will it then be in order
j to move a postponement of this question:
The SPEAKER. That motion will then
be
order.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I trust that the gen-
tleman from Missouri, who has charge of this
question, [Mr. Phelps,] will allow the question
as to laying on the table to be taken without fur-
ther opposition. I think a majority of the House
will vote against laying on the table, and then
we can have the question postponed, and proceed
to the consideration of other matters.
Mr. COBBjOfGeorgia. Have the yeas and nays ;
been ordered on the motion to lay on the table ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed the
yeas and nays have not been ordered.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Then let us take a
vote, and see whether the House is willing to
give the matter that direction.
Mr. STEPHENS. Exactly. I ask for tellers
on the motion to lay on the table,
Mr. MORGAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. PHELPS. Let the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Grow] withdraw his motion to
lay on the table; and then let the question on
postponement come up, and we can dispose of
| the matter with safety.
' Mr. H. MARSHALL. I want to make an
■ inquiry. If the House lay the motion to recon-
i sider on the table, can these credentials be pre-
j seated a^ain this session :
1 The SPEAKER. The credentials arc before
! the House now, and cannot be withdrawn unless
■ by order of the House.
■ Mr. H. MARSHALL. And if the House
; decide to lay the motion to reconsider on the
) table, it closes the case for this session?
| The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
1 that question.
' Mr. GROW.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen on different sides )l ... ThilSFEAIiER\ The phair thinks it is not
of the House ask that the drawing be had now.
Is there objection ?
Mr. GROW. I object.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I move a call of the
House; but first I desire to make this request
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, who has
objected: I ask him to permit the resolution in
regard to the drawing of seats to be received. If
a majority is for it, well; if not, there's an end
of it.
Mr. GROW. I insist upon the regular order
of business.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I insist on my motion
that there be a call of the House,
Mr. LETCHER. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 102, nays 107; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Ball, Barksdale, Bell,
Heudtey S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Brancii,
Brooks, Broom, Burnett, Cadwalader^ John P. Campbell,
Carlilc, Caskte, Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Cox, Craw lord, Cullen, Jacob C. Davis, Denver,
Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Ethendge, Ev.ms,
Faulkner. Florence, Poster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Garnett,
Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Herbert, Hieknian,
Hoffman, Thomas E. Horton, Houston, Jewett, George W.
Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Keilt, Kelly, Kennett, Kulweli,
Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Maxwell, McMullin, Wclliieeii, Killian
Miller, Mill30n,Millward,Orr, Packer, Paine. Peck. Phelps,
Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Ready, Ricaud, Rivers, Ruffin,
Satididge, Savase, Scott, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, William R. Smith, Snee'l, Stephens, Stewart,
Swope, Talbott, Taylor, Tnppe, Underwood, Vail, Walker,
Warner, \\ atkins, Wells, Wheeler, Williams, Winslow,
John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—JU2.
NAYS —Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Barclav,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billmghurst. Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Bradsh.nv, Brenton, Buffiuton, James H. Campbell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colf.ix.
Connns, Covode, Cragin, Cumback, Timothy Davis, Day,
Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Einrio, Flagler,
GaUowaj, Giddmss, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B.
Hall, Harlan, Haven, Hodges, Holloway, Valentine B.
Horton, Howard, Hiinhston, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Lener, Mace, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Maueson, Mccarty. Smith Miller, Moore, Moigan, , ,, , „
Morrill,Morrison, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew i mr- <-tKO W. 1 he gentleman from Missouri
Oliver, Parker, Peareo. Pelton, Pennington, Perrv. Petnt, : can accommodate the gentleman from Kemuekv, !
I; [Mr. H. Marshall,] ff he choose, by withdraw- J
" tj,c entire motion. j
    ,   ... Mr, PHELPS. No. siv, t did not submit the '!
Waahbume, ElUhu B. Washtmrne, Israel Washburn, !, motion to reconsider I voted myself with the :l
majority, with the intention of submitting that
motion.  
Mr. GROW. I object. Let those who com-
menced this factious course continue it if they
?«>so' * ca" *"or t'le regular order of business.
^ Mr. PHELPS. Then I submit the motion
that the House, when it adjourns, adjourn to
meet on Saturday next.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to amend
■T>Jn«'tl0n S° aS t0 a^j°urn 'j" Monday next,
ivf The motion is notamendable.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. It is suggested tome,
that the only objection made to the request of the
gentleman from Ohio, that we proceed to take up
the resolution in reference to drawing for seats,
has been withdrawn. If so, I trust his request
will be acceded to, and that we proceed to take
a vote upon the resolution.
Mr. GROW. The request is objected to. I
have objected to everything out of order. If gen-
tlemen on the opposite side wish to change their
line of policy, they can do so; hut if they desire to
play their factious course all day, let them do it.
Mr. ORR. The factious course of the gentle-
man himself has prevented the House from coming
to a vote before this.
Mr. GROW. There has teen no factious
course upon our side—none at all.
The SPEAKER, Th<S Chair will submit to
the House the request of the gentleman from
Ohio. It is, that general consent be given to
taking up the resolution in reference to drawing
for seats. Is there any objection?
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
Mr. EVA^SS. I desire to know how long
members can retain their seats under the drawing
of last session >
The SPEAKER. That is a question for the
House to answer. The Chair cannot decide it.
Mr. EYAIsS. I desire to know, then, what
seat I am entitled to, and how I can proceed to
business unless I am permitted to select a seat?
The SPEAKER. The question is not at pres-
ent before the House.
Mr. EVANS. I ask the gentleman to withdraw
his objection, that I may provide for myself a
seat during the session.
Mr. ICELSEY. I object to taking up the reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. The question then recurs
upon the motion of thegentleman from Missouri,
that when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet
on Saturday next.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope, then, the
gentleman will modify his motion, and insert
Monday for Saturday.
Mr. WHELPS. I cannot. I demand the yeas
and nays upon my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 48, nays 153; as
follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Aiken. Aker&. Aib'n, Bocoek. Bowie,
Boyee. Brooks, Caawalader, John P. Campbell, Caruthers,
Jacob C. Ddvi>. Denver, Dowdell, Evans. Florence. Fos-
ter, Garnett. Augustus Hall. J. Morrison Harris. Sampson
W. Harris, Thomas L. Han is. Herbert, Kern, Kelly, Ken-
n<*u. Lake. Letcher. Maxwell, McMuihn. McQueen. Orr,
PhHps.Qmtman. Rivers, Kuffiu. Sandidge. Savage. Shorter,
William Smith, Sliced, Stephen*, Talbott..Taylor. Walker,
Warner. Wells. Wheeler, and Zoliicofier—-18.
XAYcr — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Barclay,
Barksdale. Bell, Henry Bennett. Hcndl^v SS. Benueti,
Benson, Bilhnghur^t. Bingham. Bit-hop, Bliss, Bradshaw,
Branch, Bremen, Broom, Buffintoru Burnett, James H.
Campbell. Lewis D. Campbell. Car UK'. Caskie, Chaffee,
Bayard Clarke. Ezra. Clarke, dawson, 'Chngman, Howell
Cobb. Williamson il. W. Cobb, Colfax. Coram*, Covode,
Cox. Crasm, Crawford. Cullen. Cumback, Timothy Davis,
Day, Dean, De Wut, Dick, Dodd. Durxee, Edie, Edmund-
son. Edwards. Elliott, Emne, English. Faulkner. Flagler,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Gidduigs, Gilbert, Goode,
Granger. Greenwood, Grow. Robert B. Hall. Harlan, Ha^en,
Hodges,'Hoftman, Holloway. Thomas R. Horton, Valentine
B. Horton, Houston. Howard. Buglmon, Jevmt, George
W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Kclsey, KidweH, King,
Knapp, Knight, Knox. Kunkel. Leitt'r, Lumpkin-Mace,
Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Mauesoa,
MeCurtj. Kiihan Miller, Smith Miller, MUlson, MiUward,
Morgan". Morrill, Morrison, Mott, Murray. Nichols, Norton,
Andicw Oliver. Fame, Pitrker, Peatce, Peck, Pelton, Pen-
nington, Perry, Petdt. Pike. Fowelf, Priugie, Purviance,
Puryear. Iteady, Kicaud, Robbing, Roberts,^ Sabin, Sage,
Sa|«p, s?cott} Simmons, William R. s^Pi",iier'; ^tan
ton. Stewart, Swanabau, Swope, Tappau, rnomigton,
Thurston, Todd, Traihwu Trippe, Tyson, \ ail, \ oik,
Wade, Wakeman. Walbrhlgt', Cadwalatler C. W asUburne,
Ellihu B. Washbume,I>rae!\Va*bbum,Watkms, Watson,
Welch. U'hittspy, Wmslow, Wood? Yvoouruft, Wood
worth, and John V. Wright-*-
So the House refused to adjourn over
