1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
whether he will adopt the form of resolution
which I proposed the otherday ? I wish to have
that action final, so that we shall not again be
troubled with this question during the present
short session.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope there
will be no agreement of that kind made. Let the
question be taken on postponement.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the mo-
tion to postpone ?
• Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I object, unless
the motion is put in such a form as to settle the
question finally.
Mr. ORR. I suppose that, if the demand for
the previous question be withdrawn, the question
of postponement will be debatable. Yetitwould
be a very limited debate, and that debate would
have to be confined to the subject-matter of the
propriety or impropriety of postponing. The
House, therefore, is not likely to be detained very
long by debate, even if the call for the previous
question be withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,]
that there be a call of the House.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Campbell] will withdraw his objec-
tion. We have a motion now pending for a call
of the House; and perhaps, if this question be
postponed till Tuesday next, something else may
be done this evening tending to the organization
of the House for this session. I hope the gentle-
man from Ohio will withdraw his objection.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. We have no
assurance that we shall not be compelled to spend
another week in the same manner in which we
have been going on this week. I will, however,
withdraw my objection. But my own opinion
is that we shall have to spend another week on
this question.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I believe the motion for a
, call of the House emanated from myself, did it
' not?
The SPEAKER. Yes.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Phelps] appeals, I believe, to me to
withdraw the motion for a call of the House. I
will do so, if the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] withdraw his call for the previous ques-
tion, and let the question generally stand over
till Tuesday.
Mr. JOiNES, of Tennessee. There is no neces-
sity to withdraw the call for the previous ques-
tion. The matter can be postponed by unanimous
consent.
There beii^ no objection, the motion was
received and agreed to; and the further consid-
eration of the question relating to Mr. Whit-
field 's right to a seat as the Delegate from Kansas
was postponed till, and made the special order
for, Tuesday next, at one o'clock.
DRAWING FOR SEATS.
Mr. STANTON. I now move to take up the
resolution relating to drawing for seats.
Mr. JONES, of- Tennessee. I ask for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stanton] submitted a resolution at a pre-
vious sitting, authorizing members to draw for
seats. That resolution was interrupted by the
question as to administering the oath to the Del-
egate elect from Kansas. That question being
disposed of, the House resumes the considera-
tion of the resolution relating to drawing for
seats.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Under what rule
did the gentleman from Ohio offer that resolution >
The SPEAKER. He offered it by the general
consent of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. When?
The SPEAKER. At a previous sitting.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It could not be
considered then. It was objected to and not re-
ceived.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I resisted the proposition
formerly when I had a good seat; but it was de-
cided that drawing for seats was part of the mode
of organizing the House, and a privileged mo-
tion, and I insist that it shall be so put now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is no part of
the organization. It has not been so held, and
cannot now be. It was not received by unani-
mous consent, and the regular order of business
excludes it. Will the Chair decide whether it is
in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed
that the statement that the resolution was re-
ceived is an erroneous one. It was not received.
Mr. STANTON. The state of the case was
this: pending the suspension of business for an
hour on the first day of the session, this resolu-
tion was offered, ft was received by the Chair;
and then, when it was proposed to call up the res-
olution relating to the seat of the Delegkte from
Kansas, I was asked to postpone the considera-
tion of my resolution until the Kansas question
should be disposed of; and I consented to do so,
with the statement of the Chair that it would be
the next thing in order after that question was
disposed of.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think the gen-
tleman from Ohio is mistaken, or else my recol-
lection is in error. We have had no suspension
for an hour since the session commenced. We
had one for ten or fifteen minutes; and my recol-
lection is that it was for a different purpose from
this resolution, and that it was not before us at
the time.
Mr. STEPHENS. I present the resolution
of the gentleman as a privileged question.
There is certainly very little higher privilege
than that the members of the House should have
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it
may be entertained as a question of privilege,
relating to the organization of the House, and as
a necessary act to the transaction of business.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the Chair de-
cides that it is a privileged question, I suppose
the House will sustain him. [Laughter.]
Several Members. Undoubtedly.
Mr. McMULLIN. I supposed thatwe should
now have the President's message taken up and
read. I should like to know under what rule of
the House it is that the Speaker decides that
this is a privileged question, overriding the con-
sideration of the President's message. The mes-
sage has been presented to the House, and the
House has not done itself the credit of taking it
up, and reading it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
a privileged question 011 the ground that it relates
to the organization of the House.
The resolution was then reported, as follows;
Resolved, That tiie Clerk of the Hoine. immediately after
the passage of this resolution, place 111 a box the name of
each Member and Delegate of the Hou^e of Reprp^pntativc*,
written on a separate slip of paper: that he then proceed,
in the presence of the House, to draw Irom said box. one
at a time, tiie said slips; and as each is drawn he shall
announce the name of the Member or Delegate upon it,
who shall choose his seat for the present session: Provided,
That before said drawing shall commence, the Speaker
shall eau^e every seat to be vacated, and to remain vacant
until it is selected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The House having
determined to go into this drawing of seats, I ;
hope it will be done fairly. I propose to tiie ■
gentleman who offered the resolution that he
modify it, or if it is in order, I will move to
amend it, so as to provide that every absent
member of the House may have a seat drawn
for him by some friend. It is but fair. One
member [Mr. Cobb, of Georgia] told }-ou yester-
day that he left home and came here expressly
and mainly that he might be present when seats
were drawn, in order that he might have an op-
portunity to select a seat. He has been called
nome by public business — not by his private
affairs; and he requested me yesterday evening
to say to the House, whenever they determine!
to draw for seats, that he is one of the Board of
Directors of the State University of Georgia,
which meets next week in the town of its loca-
tion, his residence, and that the Board has im-
portant business before it, which requires even-
member to be present. He promised the Board
before he left home that he would come back, and
he requests, through me, that he may have a
seat selected for him by a friend, when his name
shall be called.
There are but a few absent members, and I
hope the House will adopt the amendment, and
allow those who have been detained from getting
here, and those who are sick in the city, and :
those who have been compelled to go home, to
have their seats selected by some friend. I offer :
such an amendment.
Mr. STANTON. I call the previous question
upon the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. STEPHENS. Will the gentleman with-
draw that for a moment?
Mr. STANTON. I will if the gentleman will
renew it.
Mr. STEPHENS. It has been the uniform
practice that some friend should select a seat for
those whiWtre in the city, but unable to attend
by reason of sickness, or who have been here, but
have been called away. One reason for drawing
seats at an early day in the session is to secure
the attendance of members here the first day of the
session. My colleague has been here all the ses-
sion until to-day, and is called away upon public
business. I move, therefore, that such members
as are in the city, but unable to attend, including
my colleague, have leave to draw by proxy.
Mr. RUFFIN. I hope the gentleman will
include my absent colleague, [Mr. Craige.] He
is absent, and it has been impossible for him to
get here.
Mr. STEPHENS. I renew the call for the
previous question, first moving to amend as I
have stated.
Mr. MORGAN. I appeal to the gentleman
from Georgia to include in his motion my col-
league, who was so sick as to be unable to leave
home.
Mr. STEPHENS. Being absent he does not
come within the uniform practice.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Which colleague
does the gentleman refer to ?
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Dickson.
Mr. MATTESON. Will it be in order to
move to strike out the words, " in the city r"
I The SPEAKER. It will not.
1 Mr. MATTESON. Then I am opposed to
i the amendment.
| Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know who has the
| right to judge whether a man is so sick that he
S cannot be here. I should like to have the names
of sick members reported.
| Mr. CARLILE. I call for the question.
; The previous question was then seconded; and
j the main question ordered to be put.
| The question recurred first upon the following
| amendment, offered by Mr. Stephens:
j Jlnd provided further, That in the case of any member
i who is now in the city, and detained from the "House by
. reason of sickness, any one of his colleagues is hereby
I authorized to select a seat for such absent member ; and
[ that Howell Cobb be also allowed to have his seat
| selected in the same manner.
Mr. CARLILE. I object to having any ex-
ceptions.
| Mr. RUFEfN. I would inquire if the amend-
1 ment is not divisible, so that a separate vote can
i be taken in relation to sick members in the city,
! and then upon the rernainderof the amendment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not
divisible.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Jones; which was read, as follows:
Provided further, That when the name of an absent
member shall be drawn, he shall have the privilege of
foa\ mg Ins seat^lecied by one of his colleague's.
I The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move that the
resolution be laid upon the table.
1 The question was taken; and the motion was
; disagreed to.
| Mr. FLORENCE. Would it be in order to
1 move that the names of members on separate
! slips be placed in a revolving wheel, instead of a
i box?
' The SPEAKER, It would not; the call for
the previous question has been seconded.
Tne question was then taken on Mr. Stan-
ton-'s resolution: and it was adopted.
' Mr. STANTON. I move to reconsider the
1 vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
1 also move to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
Mr. ORR. I demand the yeas and nays upon
the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
The House then proceeded, under the order
just passed, to draw for seats. Every member
retired outside the bar; and the Clerk having
placed the names of Members and Delegates,
