42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
written on separate slips of paper, in a box, pro-
ceeded to draw.
The first name drawn was that of John W.
Whitfield.
The announcement was received with shouts
of laughter, and cries of " lie is not a member!"
Mr. W. did not come forward to claim a seat.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that Mr.
Whitfield select his seat. If the Hc#se decide
that he is not entitled to it, he can then vacate it.
The SPEAKER. He has not been sworn in,
and is not entitled to select a seat as a member
of this House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then his name
should not have been placed in the box.
The drawing for seats was resumed and con-
cluded.
Mr. GROW moved the House adjourn; which
motion was agreed to.
And thereupon (at twenty-five minutes past
three o'clock) the House adjourned until Mon-
day, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 8,1856.
Hon. William K. Sebastian, of Arkansas,
and Hon. Sam Houston, of Texas, appeared in
their scats to-day.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
COMMITTEES OF THE SENATE.
Mr. PEARCE. I have been requested to sub-
mit the following order, which I send to the
Chair:
Ordered, That so much of the 3.">th rule of the Senate. as
relates to the appointment of the standing committees t>e
suspended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will require
unanimous consent to consider that order now.
Mr. PEARCE. The portion of the rule pro-
posed to be suspended is that which relates to
balloting for committees. At tjie last session,
as the Senate will remember, we balloted for all
our committees. At this session it has been
proposed, in order to save time, that we should
adopt the list as it was arranged by ballot last
year, with a few alterations rendered necessary
by the going out of some gentlemen and the
coming in of others. If this order prevail 1 have
a list which I shall submit. It has been arrnncod
without any agency of mine; and 1 suppose, as it
conforms to the views of the Senate as expressed
at the last year's balloting, it will not meet with
objection. There is nothing unusual ill it-—the
committees having been thus appointed every
year during the last six, except at the last ses-
sion. "I have no feeling about it.
Mr. HALE. Nor have I any fooling on the
subject; but, having been always m a small
minority here, and expecting to be so for a little
time longer-—as long as I stay here—I am some-
what jealous of the rights of the minority under
the rules. I have never known any of these
rules to be suspended in the Senate; but when-
ever a departure from the rules has been desired,
it has been usual to ask for unanimous consent,
and it has been generally given. I think this is
the first time it has over been proposed, since I
have been in the Senate, to suspend the rules,
except some of the joint rules at the close of a
session.
Mr. PEARCE. This order is copied, word for
word, from one which was passed in the Senate
two years ago, and at other times.
Mr. HALE. I was not here two years ago,
and I am not awaie that any such motion was
made. I think the practice has been universal,
so far as my experience goes, not to suspend the
rules, except those joint rules relating to the
transmission of bills from one House to the other
at the close of a session. If the rules can be
suspended, there is nothing in the rules them-
selves which states what majority shall have
power to suspend them. I would rather give
unanimous consent a thousand times, than have
the rights of the minority trespassed upon by a
majority suspending the rules. If that can be
done, the rules are worth nothing. 1 laise a
question of order that it cannot be done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to entertain the motion of the
Senator from Maryland.
Mr. HALE. I do not except to that. I am
willing that it shall be received and entertained,
if it can be done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has been
done repeatedly before. If there be no objection
to that, the next question will be on agreeing to
the order submitted by the Senator from Mary-
land.
Mr. HALE. I raise a question of order that
the rule cannot be suspended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot be
done without unanimous consent. If the Senator
from New Hampshire objects the Chair cannot
entertain the motion.
Mr. HALE. I have no objection to giving
unanimous consent.
Mr. PEARCE. I suppose the Senator does
not understand it. If unanimous consent be
given to introduce the order, very well: if not, I
shall move that to-morrow we go into the election
of committees.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Sepator from New Hampshire object to the
order submitted by the Senator from Maryland ?
Mr. HALE. 1 do not want to be captious.
I only want to know what our rights are here.
It has been said that this motion has been made
heretofore. I think I am not mistaken in saying
that it has never been made while I have been a
member of the Senate, except in relation to the
joint rules in regard to the transmission of bills
from one House to the other, and to the President
at the end of the session. If the rules can be
suspended, what majority is required to suspend
them? A bare majority of the Senate.' If so,
we have no rules but the mere arbitrary discre-
tion of the majority. Does it require a vote of
two thirds? Such a course has never been at-
tempted while 1 have been a member of the
Senate.
Tin1 PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Hampshire is mistaken. The. object
of the order submitted by the Senator from
Maryland is to suspend the operation of the 35th
rule, which requires that the committees of the
Senate shall be elected by ballot—nothing more
than that. If the order shall pass as proposed
by the Senator from Maryland, the next question
will l^e on agreeing to the list of committees pro-
posed by tho Senator.
Mr. IIALE My question is, what vote does
it take to suspend that rule?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The vote of
every Senator present in the Senate. The objec-
tion of a single Senator will prevent its being
done.
Mr. HALE.
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection to the order of the Senator
from Maryland.
Mr. MASON. 1 shall certainly object to sus-
pending the rule, but I have no objection to con-
sidering the motion. Unanimous consent is
required only for the purpose of considering it,
I understand.
Mr. PEARCE. If the order be agreed to, I
shall propose, by unanimous consent, to submit
a list of committees. If the Senator objects to
that, all I have to say is, that I shall move that
the Senate go into a ballot for its committees to-
morrow.
Mr. MASON. I certainly am not captious;
but the rule of the Senate, adopted for very wise
purposes, was that the Senate should ballot for
its committees. According to my recollection,
propositions have been made occasionally such
as the Senator from Maryland now makes, that
we should dispense with that rule for a particu-
lar occasion—never that we should dispense with j
it generally. If I recollect aught—I am not very '
confident about it—a majority of the Senate have I
been disinclined to dispense with the rule at all. |
I certainly always have been indisposed to do so. !)
The rule is a wise one. If we go into the reasons !i
for it, the Senator from New Hampshire says ,'l
one is, to have a proper regard for the rights of ;j
the minority, if that be one of the reasons, I !i
should be with htm in regarding the rights of the |!
minority. The general rule is, that the presiding
officer of the Senate under the Constitution is not
a member of this body, except, as in the case of
the present occupant of the chair, lie is President
ad interim. Unless some good reason can be
If that is all, I have no objec-
shown for dispensing with the rule, which has
been adopted for wise purposes, I shall be against
dispensing with it.
Mr. RUSK. I think this matter is not dis-
tinctly understood.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the Sen-
ator from Texas allow the Chair to state the
question ?
Mr. RUSK. Certainly.
■ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Hampshire is under the impression
that this is contrary to precedent. On the 13th
of December, 1852, this proceeding took place in
the Senate:
" On motion of Mr. Bright,
" Ordered, That so much of the 35th rule of the Senate
as relates to the appointment of standing committees be
suspended.
" And, on motion, the following list was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to"—
naming the committees as agreed upon. It has
been a uniform practice of the Senate, unless a
Senator objected, to introduce an order for the
suspension of the 35tli rule, merely for the time
being.
Mr. MASON. Does the Chair say that it has
been the uniform practice of the Senate to sus-
pend the rule ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has been,
unless objected to. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Hale] objected at the last session,
and the committees were elected by ballot, as
provided by the rule.
Mr. RUSK. The Chair has stated nearly all
that I intended to say. The 35th rule requires
that the committees shall be chosen by ballot.
The operation of that rule is, that the ballot-
boxes are handed round, and Senators deposit a
ballot for each committee. Their members have
usually, since I have been here, been chosen by
an understanding between the parties—one party
having the majority selecting the majority of each
committee, and the minority presenting their
members for the minority of each committee.
That has been generally understood and arranged
by a committee from both sides. When it is
required, a balloting must take place for all the
committees, which consumes agood deal of time.
The usual course has been that committees were
agreed upon, and there was no misunderstanding
in reference to them. The practice, since I hnvo
been here —and I do not know of a departure
from it but once —has been to present a motion,
such as has been presented this morning, to sus-
pend for the time being the rule which requires
the committees to be elected by ba|Jot. That is
to be done, as has been propeily stated by the
Chair, by unanimous consent. A vote cannot
now suspend the rule, because the motion cannot
be made without the unanimous consent of the
Senate; hence the minority is in no danger of
being oppressed by any proceeding of this de-
scription. If there be one objection, therefore, the
rule cannot be suspended, and balloting must go
on. The Senator from New Hampshire did not
understand it at the last session, and objected to
the motion. We proceeded to ballot,"11 think,
for some three or four committees. He then un-
derstood it, got up,-and withdrew his objection,
and moved that unanimous consent be given for
the appointment of the committees in the usual
way, as they had been appointed for some time
previous. That is the whole of it. The com-
mittees, I presume, will be the same, if balloted
for, as if they were agreed to according to the
motion usually submitted. I do not remember
any departure from that course, except at the last
session, and then only a part of the committees
were balloted for.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection to the consideiation of the order? The
Chair hears none. The question is on agreeing
to the order proposed by the Senator from Mary-
land. 1
The order was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I now send the list to the
Chair, accompanied with the proper order:
Ordered, That the following be the standing committees
of the Senate:
On Foreign Relations—Messrs. Mason, (chair-
man,) Douglas, Shdell, Weller, Pish, and Pratt.
On Finance — Messrs. Hunter, (chairman,)
Toucey, Pearce, Stuart, Brodhead, and Crit-
tenden.
