1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
Meetings -were called of the friends of " Buch-
anan, Breckinridge, and free Kansas!" and ban-
ners were borne in the canvass bearing the
inscription—" Buchanan, Breckinridge, and free
Kansas !" Well, Mr. President, this is no very
grave charge after all. I see no cause of alarm in
it. I must confess, however, to some surprise at
the sweeping statementof the Senator from Ohio,
that in all the Democratic meetings in Pennsyl-
vania of which Jje had any knowledge, he dis-
covered the peculiar banner of which he has
spoken. Such banners may have been numerous
—certainly there-were some, for the Senator saw
them; but I cannot remember to have seen any,
though I certainly witnessed quite as much of the
canvass in Pennsylvania as he did. His oppor-
tunities at Democratic meetings, it seems to me,
must have been somewhat limited. I can hardly
imagine how he gotto such ameeting, or how he
found the opportunity to scrutinize Democratic
mottoes. I am quite certain he was not invited
to our meetings; and I know the Senator too well
to believe that he would go where he was not
welcome. He says he endeavored to enlighten
the Democracy on certain points. That was kind
on his part; but, doubtless, Mr. Pi-esident, on
the receipt of the election returns the honorable
Senator concluded that he failed in the task.
Again, and in the same connection, he re-
marked :
" Thousands, yea, hundreds of thousands of votes, were
given for the successful candidate on the hypothesis that
what was inscribed on their banners and what fell from
the mouths of their orators was true."
Why, certainly, Mr. President! Who ever
doubted it? Who has impeached the truth of
the Democratic speeches and Democratic mottoes ?
There is no hypothesis about them. They give
expression to great and immutable truths; and it
was, as the Senator says, through the agency of
such means that we achieved success. But, Mr.
President, it lsevidentthat the Senator in making
his developments about the banners, expected to
damage the Democracy of Pennsylvania in the
estimation of their brethren in the South; but in
this he will fail. The announceme"nt of his own
presence at a Democratic meeting, however, is a
circumstance far more alarming and ominous.
There is no telling^what fatal influence it may
exercise. I think our southern friends will agree
that it was a more dangerous presence than the
banners.
But, Mr. President, suppose all the meetings
in Pennsylvania had been called as stated by the
Senator frona Massachusetts, and the banners
been as desffibed by the Senator from Ohio,
what of it? What inference would be deducible
from such a fact? It would certainly furnish no
evidence that the issues between the Democratic
and Republican parties had not been fairly met
on our part. Indeed it is singular that a circum-
stance of this kind should have attracted the
attention of Senators. It indicates great want of
material for the discussion on their side. I know
of but one meeting that was called in the manner
stated by the Senator from Massachusetts. That
was in Potter county. The authors of that call
doubtless intended to indicate their wish that
Kansas should become a free State; but this fact
does not warrant the conclusion that they believed
Congress possessed the power to control the
question, or admitting the existence of the power,
that it would be wise to exercise it. I was not
present at the meeting assembled by that call;
but I am entirely confident, from the well known
sentiments of the speakers who were present,
that they advocated nothing more nor less than
the right of the people, the bona Jide citizens of
the Territory, to settle the question as they pleased,
and denying the right and wisdom of congres-
sional interference.
Mr. WADE. Will the Senator permit me to
ask him a question?
Mr. BIGLER. Certainly.
Mr. WADE. The Senator seems perfectly
familiar with the opinions of Mr. Buchanan on
this subject. Now I want to know whether
those banners were inscribed as they were in
accordance with the declared will of Mr. Buch-
anan. is he favorable to making Kansas a free
State ?
Mr. BIGLER. As to the first proposition,
whether these banners were prepared in accord-
ance with the wish of Mr. Buchanan, I cannot
answer. The Senator has taken notice certainly
of the fact that I stated distinctly I saw no such
banners.
Mr. WADE. I understand the Senator to
admit that there was one such banner at some
large Democratic meeting. If there is one admitted,
probably there were more.
Mr. BIGLER. It is immaterial how many
there were. I do not intend to fail back on that
point. As for the views of Mr. Buchanan, they
are doubtless just those of the Democratic party,
as declared in their platform. We intend that the
people who go to the Territories shall decide the
question of slavery for themselves; and I have
no doubt that, with the most of the northern
people, he would prefer to see Kansas a free
State, but denies the right of Congress to inter-
' © O
fere.
Mr. WADE. Does Mr. Buchanan believe that
the people of a Territory, while in a territorial
state, have the power to exclude slavery?
Mr. BIGLER. Does the Senator from Ohio
wish to present the constitutional difficulty that
has been raised here frequently, in regard to the
power of the Legislature of a Territory ?
Mr. WADE. I want to know what Mr.
Buchanan's opinions are in regard to the consti-
tutional difficulty which has been so often spokep
of?
Mr. BIGLER. I cannot answer the Senator
as to Mr. Buchanan's views of the constitutional
question. I can give my own, if the Se nator is
willing to hear them.
Mr. WADE. Well, let no have your opinions,
if you please.
Mr. BIGLER. It is no new proposition that
the Senator from Ohio has presented. It has been
here before, and discussed before; and I endeav-
ored, at least upon one occasion, to make myself
understood. There can be no difference of opin-
ion as to what the Kansas-Nebraska bill means.
Its terms are explicit. It confers upon the people
of the Territory all the law-making power which
Congress possesses under the Constitution. If
the authority delegated be sufficient, the people
have a law-making power equal to any question.
This is a point, however, as to the meaning of
the Constitution of the United States. My con-
struction of that instrument certainly is of very
little importance, but still I am willing to express
it. I am of opinion that the people through
their local Legislature have that power. I arrive
at this conclusion, because I can see but two
sources of law-making power for a Territory—
the one, Congress; and the other, the people. I
hold that, when Congress has conferred upon
the people of a Territory all the law-making
power which it possesses under the Constitution,
the power is complete in the people, equal to the
question of domestic slavery, or any other sub-
ject; but this is a legal question, and I for one
should be gratified to see it decided. j
Mr. WADE. The reason why I asked the
question, and wished the Senator's opinion upon
the subject, was, that towards the close of the
last session the Senatorfrom Illinois, [Mr. Trum-
bull,] in an amendment to a pending bill, pro-
posed to declare what was the true intent and
meaning of those peculiar words in the Nebraska
bill; namely, that it was intended that the people,
through their Territorial Legislature, should have
the power to prohibit slavery in the Territories.
Upon that proposition, if I am not mistaken, the
Senator voted in the negative.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, every member
of this body understands that subject very well. 1
The Senator from Illinois upon the other side
did offer that proposition as an amendment to
what is known as the Toombs bill. He offered
this bill, which was not germane, and I should
not have voted for it, however I had believed in
its truth. It was out of place when offered to a 1
bill where the question did not properly arise.
But not only that, sir; a vote in the Senate of ,
the United States, to decide a judicial question, 1
was agreed on all hands to be unnecessary, if not
improper. I declared my views upon that occa- j
sion.and I voted against the amendment. Why,
Mr. President, who in the North has ever pre-
tended to advocate the establishment of slavery
in Kansas? No man; no one of all the orators
whom I met in the canvass, whether from the '
South or North, did any such thing. Their uni- i
form doctrine was, that the people, through a
proper law-making power, should carry out their
own views.
But it is obvious that the object of this debate
on the part of Senators on the other side, is to*
make the impression in the country that we have
not achieved victory on a fair and full discussion
of the main point at issue, and thus revive the
sinking hopes of their followers.
Mr. WADE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him one question ? He is not so explicit
as I could wish.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator can proceed.'
Mr. WADE. The gentleman has just stated
that he is for leaving the question of freedom in
the Territories to be decided by the people of the
Territories as they please. In the next breath,
he tells us there is a constitutional question to be
decided by the courts. I do not understand how
he reconciles these two ideas.
Mr. BIGLER. I did not raise a constitu-
tional question. There is one, and let it be de-
cided. I am claiming that the people have that
power.
Mr. WADE. Then why talk of devolving it
on the courts? Why is it improper for us to
declare that we mean to exercise the power, if
we have it ?
Mr. BIGLER. You can raise the question
and have it decided. As the Senator from Ohio
claims the entire power to be in Congress, he
must be perfectly satisfied that the entire power
has been delegated to the people.
Sir, I cannot speak of the canvass in Indiana
or Illinois, for I was not in those States; but of
New Jersey and Pennsylvania I can speak, and
in these States I know that the issues were met
boldiy and broadly. In the whole range of my
observation and reading, I cannot call to mind
an instance where a public speaker or a Dem-
ocratic newspaper demurred to the Democratic
doctrine on the slavery question as enunciated at
Cincinnati. Indeed, it was the beauty and force
of this broad doctrine that enabled the Democracy
to withstand the varied and potent elements of
prejudice and passion employed on the other side.
But, Mr. President, the honorable Senators
from Ohio and Massachusetts are evidently un-
happy, because of the use of the term " free
Kansas" in connection with a Democratic meet-
ing. I hope it has not taken these Senators till
now to discover that the Democracy are the advo-
; cates of real freedom for Kansas—that kind of
I freedom which our fathers achieved in the conflict
with the forces of George III. We are for leaving
the people of Kansas free to make their own in-
stitutions, and are, therefore, for free Kansas.
The Republican party, on the other hand, talk
most about freedom in Kansas, but distinctly
propose that, as to the white population, the ex-
ercise of their judgment shall not be entirely
free. We say Kansas will be free when her
people do as they please as to their domestic in-
stitutions. The Republicans say not so: Kansas
will be free when her people obey their dictation
as to a portion of these institutions. They pro-
pose to enslave the will of the people by dictating
what they shall do. We leave them to the dic-
tates of their own judgment. They say we are
for negro slavery in the Territories; this we deny.
We say they propose to enslave the will of the
white people to some extent, and that they cannot
.. dispute. Herein is the difference. In this con-
jj nection, and in this way, we talked about " free
; j Kansas"in the canvass for President; but I never
; i heard a Democratic speaker suggest that Kansas
| should not come into the Union whatever her
I decision might be, nor did I ever hoar a speaker
| on the other side who expressed a willingness to
, | see her admitted unless she decided in accordance
with his views on the subject. The Senator from
Maine, the other day, declined to say what he
would do in such a contingency. The Senator
from Ohio, however, with tess reserve, declared
as follows:
" Union or no Union; come what may,I believe it to lie
the settled purpose of the northern people to limit slavery
! to the States in which it now exists."
I Many, very many of the Republican speakers
| in the North took this ground coldly, and made
j it the basis of appeal for votes for their candidate.
The Senator from Massachusetts says that the
members of the House who voted for Mr.
Dunn's bill last session were called pro-slavery
I men in the canvass. I never heard any such
