48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8.
but as it did not, I will endeavor to make the
correction now.
Ho represented the bill of Mr. Dunn as estab-
lishing slavery in Kansas. I have that bill before
me. It does no such thing;. It contains no such
provision; and it is a perversion, a misapprehen-
sion—x may say, a total misapprehension of the
bill to malcc such a statement. It provides for
the restoration of the Missouri compromise, that
excluded slavery. Now what is the clause upon
which the Senator from Pennsylvania here in
his place says that it perpetuates slavery? I
will read it. After providing for the restoration
of the Missouri compromise, the bill declares:
" Provided, however, That any person lawfully held to
service in either of tlie said Territories shall not be dis-
charged from such service by reason of such repeal, if such
person shall be permanently removed from such Territory
or Territories prior to the first day of January, 1858."
This provision is, that by reason of the repeal
of that clause of the Kansas-Nebraska bill which
had abrogated the Missouri compromise, and the
reenactment of that compromise, no person shall
be discharged from his service. Did that estab-
lish slavery? It provides that this bill shall not
free persons if they are lawfully held to service.
Cannot the Senator from Pennsylvania see the
difference between a provision that the bill should
not set free any one lawfully held to service, and
a provision which makes a freeman a slave ?
Mr. PUGH. "Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; I Have the cour-
tesy to allow the gentleman to ask me a ques-
tion.
Mr. PUGH. I aslc the Senator from Illinois
to read that portion of the proviso immediately
following what ho has already read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will read it.
" And any child or children bom in either of said Terri-
tories of any female lawfully held to service, if, in like
manner, removed without said Territory before the expi
ration of that date, shall not, by reason of anything in tin;
act, be emancipated liom any scivice it might have owed,
had this act never Lieen passed."
It provides that the bill shall not free a person
lawfully held in service; but it does not make a
slave of anybody. Is not the distinction as pal-
pable as the noonday sun, between a law which
makes a slave of a free person, and a law which
declares that by reason of its presage 110 person
lawfully held 10 service shall be freed ? Every-
one can see that. I say it is a total misrepre-
sentation of the bill to say that these clauses
perpetuate or make a slave of a single human
being for a single day. 1 would ask the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Pugh] whether, if a question
came up in a court of justice as to the freedom
of a person m Kansas under that bill, he would
insist that this clause which declared that the bill
should not make them free made them slaves ?
His reputation as a lawyer would not allow him
to advance such a proposition for a moment.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator will allow me to
make a suggestion in this connection, I will tell
him how 1 interpret that bill. If there is any
validity in it at all, it prevents the Territorial
Legislature from emancipating those very chil-
dren.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It provides no such tiling.
It says that, " by reason of this act;" it does not
say what the Territorial Legislature shall do, but
that by reason of the passage of this act, or any-
thing contained in it, 110 one shall be emancipated
from any service lie might have owed if it had
never been passed. It is a perversion of this bill
to say that it establishes slavery; and the Senator
from Pennsylvania when he was making that
broad statement, had either not examined it, or
misapprehended it if he had examined it.
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Senator read the
whole section?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have road that portion
of the section which relates to the subject. The
section is a very long one, and it does not affect
what I have read. The other portion of the sec-
tion I will state, and the Senator can refer to it
and read it. The section commences by declar-
ing that the fourteenth and thirty-second sections
of the Kansas-Nebraska act, which are the sec-
tions repealing the Missouri compromise, are
themselves repealed; and then goes-on to make
the provisoes I have read. It repeals in so many
words, copying into the section what is contained
in the Kansas-Nebraska act repealing the Mis-
souri compromise, and then contains the proviso |
which I have rea'd, declaring that, in consequence
of abrogating the repealing clause of the Kansas-
Nebraska act, no person lawfully held to service
shall be discharged; but it does not make a slave
of anybody.
The Senator from Pennsylvania lias been talk-
ing of sectionalism; and the complaint of section-
alism with him is, that both the candidates of
the Republican party for President and Vice Pres-
ident were taken from the North. Now, sir, I
wish to hold up the action of that Senator this
day in this body. We have just been electing
committees. The Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Pearce] came in with a prepared list of com-
mittees to transact the business of this body; and
by the aid of the Senator from Pennsylvania
committees were organized which are purely sec-
tional. Here is the Committee upon the Judi-
ciary 
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois yield the floor?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir, I will yield the
floor. I have more courtesy than the gentleman
had.
Mr. BIGLER. 1 hope the Senator from Illi-
nois does not suppose that my declining to yield
the floor to him was a want of courtesy upon my
part. It was not so intended. I am not a prac-
ticed debater in this body; and 1 feel compelled
"to avoid interruption, lest I lose the thread of my
discourse. That was the motive, and the only
one.
I am confident that the Senator will do me jus-
tice in reference to what I said of a sectional party.
I did not say that the circumstance of taking
both candidates from the North made a sectional
party. I was describing what was a sectional
party; and in that description, with very many
other things, I mentioned the circumstance, that
the Republican party had both their candidates
from the North; but I certainly did not state that
isolated fact, and upon that alone claim that the
party was sectional.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My interruption of the
Senator was certainly not designed to confuse
him at all; and I do not know that 1 should have
been led to use the remark which I made if the
fact had not transpired here that the Senator was
interrupted by other Senators very frequently
with his assent. I endeavored as kindly as I
I could to interpose; and I believe I was the only
' person who was refused an opportunity of making
j an explanation.
But, sir, as one of the incidents of sectionalism,
I understand the Senator now to instance the
fact, that the candidates of the Republican party
were both taken from the North. Now I ask
him and I ask the country to look at his action
to-day. Take the Committee on Indian Affairs,
consisting of six members. Every one of them
is from the southern States—not a man from a
northern State of any party upon it. Take the
Committee 011 Military Affairs, consisting of as
many members, and every individual upon that
committee is from the slaveholding States save
one, and he is from California, and coincides
fully with the South upon the slavery question
Take the Committee on the Judiciary—take the
Committee 011 Finance, and there is not on either
of those committees, the leading and most import-
ant committees to the country, a man representing
the Republican party, composed of hundreds of
thousands—yea, of more than a million of voters.
This I call evidence of sectionalism; and as one
member of the Republican party, and an indi-
vidual who sought to elevate Colonel Fremont to
the Presidency, I will say I am governed by 110
such sectional motives; and if it should ever be
my fortune, while I occupy a seat here, to be in
a majority, I never will consent to exclude every
Senator from a slaveholding State from any one
of the important committees. They should be
heard. We come here to legislate for a com-
mon country; and all the great interests of the
country should be represented upon the import-
' ant committees, whfch block out the business for
our action. While I do not claim a majority, I
claim a reasonable representation upon ril the
committees. I say we have none on the Judi-
ciary Committee; we have none on the Finance
Committee. There is not a northern man upon
'■ the Committee 011 Indian Affairs, nor one upon
the Committee on Military Affairs, save the Sen-
ator from California, who coincides, as we all
know, with the South on the slavery question.
Then talk to us about sectionalism ! What, sir,
would have been thought of the Speaker of the
other House if he had organized the Judiciary
Committee there with not a man on it who was
not opposed to the Nebraska bill? What would
have been thought of him if he had placed upon
the Committee on Indian Affairs, or the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, none but northern men?
The South could then have complained, with
some show of justice, of sectionalism. 1 think
it came with an ill grace from the Senator from
Pennsylvania to talk about our taking our can-
didates from the North, when within the last
hour he had been guilty of proscribing a num-
ber of Senators upon this floor, and a great party
in this country, from all influence and all oppor-
tunity to be heard upon the most important com-
mittees of this body.
But, sir, he stated another thing, to which I
wish to call attention now I am up, and that
was, that the issue between the parties, as
settled in the late presidential election, was, on
the one side, the Frgmont party contending that
the people of Kansas should not be free to settle
the subject of slavery for themselves, but that
somebody else should settle it for them; while,
on the Buchanan side, among the supporters of
Mr. Buchanan, the principle contended for was,
that the people should be free to settle this subject
for themselves. Yet, when the question was put
to him, he could not say, and did not tell us,
whether Mr. Buchanan believed in the right of
the people of a Territory to regulate this matter
for themselves or not.
Mr. BIGLER. I thought I was very explicit
on that subject in reply to the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Wade,] who asked me what Mr. Buchan-
an's views are on a constitutional question—a
judicial question—a question of construing the
Constitution. I said I could not answer that
question, but this I could say, I thought, with
entire safety, that Mr. Buchanan held the views
on this subject which the Democratic party held,
and declared at Cincinnati, and accepted by him,
viz: that the people of the Territories shall settle
this question for themselves. Further, I said
that 1 believed the Constitution conferred on them
a perfect law-making power, though I might be
mistaken in that if it were tested before the proper
tribunal. Mr. Buchanan might be mistaken,
also. If the Senator desires to see the question
settled let him present it before the proper tribunal.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it seems, by the
explanation of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
that they are contending for they know not what.
The issue which he says has been pending has
established nothing. He does not even now pre-
tend to know what the views of Mr. Buchanan
are, except as they are enunciated in the Cincin-
nati platform. What does that enunciate? Do
any two of his supporters understand it alike?
Does the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
understand it as the Senator from Pennsylvania
does? Do we not know that that Cincinnati
platform is couched in such words as to be under-
stood differently in different parts of the coun-
try? Its language is, that the people of a Terri-
tory, when sufficiently numerous to form a State
constitution for themselves, shall be admitted
into the Union either with or without slavery, as
they may determine. That is not the question.
The issue before the country was not about the
admission of any State into the Union whether as
a slave or a free State. No such issue was put; but
the question was about the existence of slavery
in the Territory of Kansas, and the right of the
Territorial Legislature, while the territorial gov-
ernment lasted, to exclude slavery. That is the
question upon which we want Mr, Buchanan's
views, and that is the question upon which we
cannot get his views. The Cincinnati Conven-
tion has not explained it.
Mr. BIGLER rose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Illinois yield the floor?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I give way to the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania cheerfully.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator says there was
no such question as that of admitting a free or
slave State into the Union. Well, sir, I will read
a paragraph from the Republican platform as
