1856.
THE C0NGRESS1GMM-.- GLOBE.
51
deals with the sentiment of the nation, takes
into consideration the struggles, privations, sac-
rifice, toil, and bloodshed of the Revolution,
appealing to the wealth,andgenerosity,and mag-
nanimity of the present. Why, sir, upon that
committee, having such high functions, you have
actually placed a majority of these Black Repub-
licans. [Laughter.] It is a fact, sir. To show-
that they are not so illiberal as might be sup-
posed , we have presiding over us an honorable
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Evans.] I
do not desire to speak of him in his presence
as I am obliged to do, because I do not like to
flatter anybody; though, by the way, sir, what I
say now I say behind his back. [Laughter.]
[The seat of Mr. Hale is on the outer, and that
of Mr. Evans on the inner row, so that Mr.
Evans sat with his back to Mr. Hale.] We
have found him one of the most courteous, agree-
able , candid, and impartial men that ever presided
over a committee, or anywhere else; and X think
he will say for his committer what his colleague
[Mr. Butler] has said of his, that we have had
no sectional questions there. There has not been
colored idea introduced there, [laughter,] and
we have had before us revolutionary claims from
North and South. We have held the scales
evenly. We have considered all blood that was
shed in the cause of liberty as of equal worth,
without asking the complexion that colored it.
But, sir, I disagree with the definition which
the honorable Senator from Michigan gives of
sectional and national. I used .to know the
meaning of those words. 1 thought I knew it
when I got it from the dictionaries; but diction- ,
aries do not help a man in politics. We have as
good southern men in New Hampshire as you
have in South Carolina, or in any other State in
this Union — quite as good. I do not know
whether you have as good northern men in the
South; but we have as good southerners in our
State as you have in the South—men who will
stand up and vindicate southern institutions,
southern politics; and some of us, when we are
at home, say, southern arrogance. They will
vindicate them just as freely and fiercely as any
southern man, and a little more so. Then, when
the charge.of illiberality, if that be what was in-
tended to be conveyed by the suggestion of my
honorable friend from Illinois, is brought up, I
do not think it is a sufficient answer to put your
finger on a man's place of residence, and say he
lives in lai#tude 42° 40' north, because I have
lived long enough in this world, and so have you,
Mr. President, to know that you cannot tell a
man's politics by the latitude in which he lives.
The fact is, that the majority in the Senate
have done what I suppose all majorities will do—
they have taken the best places for themselves,
and left those which were of not so much account
to the minority. I do not mean to complain—
that is to say, I do not mean to complain to the Sen-
ate, and I never will. My complaints—if I have
them—I will make to the people to rectify this mat-
ter. But if there be any claim made by the honor-
able Senator from Michigan, that the Senate, in
its distribution of committees, has been guilty of
practicing any great magnanimity, I do not think
there is any foundation for the claim. Magna-
nimity is a virtue or a vice from which the Sen-
ate, in this matter, is peculiarly free. The other
side have the majority; and they feel the power of
,a majority,and practice it. I am notatall certain
that we should practice some of it if w<j had
the power. I have no disposition to complain—
not tjie slightest. I am perfectly satisfied. I
should be satisfied if I were left off altogether;
but I demur against any claim of magnanimity
being put in for the majority. They have a great
many other virtues I admit; but they must be
content to omit from their catalogue of saintly
characteristics this one of magnanimity in refer-
ence to the organization of the committees.
Mr. STUART. I have no objection whatever
to be corrected by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire in so far as I am wrong; but I will under-
take in less than five minutes to show him that I
was not wrong. The language I vfted was pre-
cisely this—I will give it, and I will tell the Sen-
ator why I used it. I said that that party had
scarcely a formal organization.
Mr. HALE. I did not hear the "scarcely."
Mr. STUART. It is precisely what I said.
Now I will tell the honorable Senator why 1 said
so, since he comes to the "relief of the honorable
Senator from Illinois. The honorable Senator
from Illinois says that this great Republican
party that has polled so many thousands of votes
in the northern States does not oppose the admis-
sion of new States into the Union on the ground
that they are slave States. The party of 1854,
which was the embryo party of this great Re-
publican party, had these three principles in its
platform: the restoration of the Missouri com-
promise; the repeal of the fugitive slave law; and
no more slave States to be admitted into the
Union. That was the platform under which the
party battled in my State, and there was not
another letter in it. This great national Repub-
lican party repudiates it through the voice of the
Senator from Illinois, and therefore it was that I
said it had scarcely a formal organization when
these committees were made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the resolution ?
Mr. FOOT. I understand that my colleague
[Mr. Coixameu] has the floor on that subject.
We have now reached a late hour, and I think it
would be quite unfair to press him to commence
a speech at this time. I am further aware that
my colleague for some time past has been labor-
ing under some degree of indisposition. I there-
fore move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.   *
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 8, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was reports from the standing committees
of the House; but pending that business asked
permission to present to the House the message
of the President of the United States.
KENTUCKY1 ASYLUM LANDS.
Mr. TALBOTT, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
to extend the time for selling the land granted
to the Kentucky Asylum for teaching the deaf
and dumb; which was read a first and second
time, a_nd referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. CLING MAN. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a resolution for reference only.
Mr, HOUSTON. I call for the regular order
of business.
president's message.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of the standing committees for re-
ports; but the Chair asks leave to present the
President's annual message to the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If there is any
difficulty about that, I move that the rules be
suspended, in order that the message may be
read.
Mr. PIOUSTON. That is the regular order
of business, and I ask for the reading of the
message.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 wish to
propound a question to the Chair. House bill
No. 19;!, to amend an act to provide for the better
security of the lives of passengers on board of
vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam,
was made the special order for Wednesday last.
I desire to inquire what is now the position of
tlmt bill?
The SPEiVKER. The bill, having been post-
poned until Wednesday last, which day has
passed, and no motion to recommit being pending,
goes to the Speaker's table.
Mr. WHEELER. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER then, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the message of the Presi-
dent, the reading of which was commenced by
the Clerk, but was interrupted by
Mr. SNEED, who said: We have all read the
message of the President the United -States;
and, to save time, I move to dispense with its
reading, and that the usual number of copies be
printed.
Mr. MATTESON. I insist upon the reading.
The SPEAKER. The message must be read
at the request of any member.
The Clerk then completed the reading of the
message.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbuey Diceins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed a resolution
for the appointment of a Chaplain by each House,
and had appointed such Chaplain upon their part.
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE—AGAIN.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to refer
the message of the President to/ the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and that
ten thousand copies thereof, with the accompa-
nying documents, be printed for the use of the
House.
I regard this document, Mr. Speaker, as one
of the most extraordinary that has ever emanated
from the Executive of the nation. It is, in my
opinion, a budget of inconsistencies, and contains
assertions and serious charges against a portion
of the people of this country having no foundation
whatever m fact. Could we separate that portion
having reference to the slavery question from the
balance of the document, I should not have dig-
nified it by a motion to print.
I do not propose, at this time, to enter into a
discussion, in detail, of the merits of this docu-
ment. A little less than four years ago the
present Chief Magistrate was inaugurated into
the high office from which he is about to retire,
under circumstances of the most flattering char-
acter. He announced to the people of the nation,
whose confidence had been reposed in him, that
the repose which the country then enjoyed in
reference to the question of slavery, under the
compromise measures of 1850, should receive no
shock during his official term. He had been
elected, too, by the party pledged to terminate
the slavery agitation in Congress and out of it;
yet, sir, the first session of Congress after his
inauguration had scarcely organized, when all of
the vast powers of his high place were brought
into active exercise in this Hall for the repeal of
the time-honored compromise of 1820. The pre-
tense for this violation of his pledge was, that it
became necessary to apply to the Territories of
Kansas and Nebraska the principles of the com-
promise measures of 1850. The Kansas-Ne-
braska bill was carried, and the repose which the
country had enjoyed in every section of it was
disturbed. An excitement unequaled in the his-
tory of the past was forced upon the country, a
fearful array of section against section produced
by his official action, and the Union of the States
shaken to its very center. The " bleeding
wounds" which the measures of 1850 had healed
were reopened by his administration; and yet
now, sir, upon the eve of his retirement from
office, condemned by a majority of three hundred
thousand of the disappointed people of the nation
who conferred their highest honors upon him,
this President charges that the free States have
been guilty of making war upon the constitutional
rights of the South, and are responsible for the
evil consequences of his mistaken policy. Sir,
I repeat, and will prove, on some more appro-
priate occasion, that this charge has no founda-
tion whatever in truth.
Mr. KE1TT. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Ohio one question for information. He says
the President has been condemned by a majority
of three hundred thousand. Now, I wish to
know from him whether he takes the votes for
Fremont and Fillmore to make up that number?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Of course I in-
clude allwliojvoted against the nomination which
sustains his Administration.
Mr. KEITT. Then I wish to know whether
he regards the supporters of Mr. Fillmore as
anti-Nebraska and in favor of free soil?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I think there is
not a single member of this House, of the Fill,
more party North, who did not before the people,
at and subsequent to his election, oppose the
principles of the Nebraska bill.
Mr. KEITT. You.do not speak of the Fill-
more men of the South ? .
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. No, sir; they
can speak feu* themselves whether from the INorth
or South. I refer to my personal knowledge of
the Fillmore men of the North; and I venture to
ssty> iii reply to the geQtteKittB from South Ca.ro-
lina, that there was not one man in every ihou-
