52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
sand who supported Fillmore in the free States
who did not oppose the repeal of the Missouri
compromise as an unwise and uncalled-for meas-
ure. I do not speak ill reference to the public
sentiment of the South; but I understand from
fentlemen of both parties in that section, (the
'illmore and the Buchanan parties,) that, the
Nebraska bill was there so construed as to repu-
diate the principle of squatter sovereignty upon
which it was defended By the Democratic party
in the "Worth.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky. I should
like to ask the gentleman a question.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I did not rise
with a view to enter elaborately into the discus-
sion of this question this morning, yet 1 yield for
the question.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky. The gen-
tleman has spoken of the Fillmore party of the
North. I would ask him to state whether or not
the Fillmore party of the North advocated the
reSstablishment of the Missouri compromise, as
was done by the Fremont party ?
Mr, CAMPBELL, of Ohio. So far as I un-
derstand, and have had an opportunity of learn-
ing, the Fillmore party in the North almost
unanimously opposed the repeal of the Missouri
compromise.
My. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky. The gentle-
man does not answer my question. He does not
meet the issue. Did the Fillmore party of the
northern States advocate the restoration of the
Missouri compromise? On the contrary, did
they not contend that the question should remain
as it was ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I can answer
only for my own district. The Fillmore party
there were in favor of reinstating the eighth sec-
tion of the act of 1820; but the Buchanan party
in the North assumed the ground that they were
more reliable on the issue of freedom to Kansas
than cither the Fillmore or the Fremont party.
[Laughter.] They claimed to be in favor of
freedom in Kansas, and uncompromisingly op-
posed to the extension of slavery.
They charged that those of us in this House
who voted for the bill introduced by the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn,] had legalized
and perpetuated slavery in Kansas, avowing at
the same time that, by the terms of the Nebraska
bill, slavery was not authorized in the Territory
of Kansas, and therefore could have no existence
there.
■Mr. KEITT. The gentleman from. Ohio in
making his statement in reference to thfc Ameri-
can or Know Nothing party of the North, drew
his inference from the course which that party'
pursued in his own district, as he now makes a
similar charge against the Democratic party, and
no doubt makes it upon the occurrences in his
own district. I would inquire whether his oppo-
nent in the race for Congress took the ground
which he charges against the Democratic party >
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I did not meet
my opponent in debate, nor did I hear him speak
during the iate canvass. I cart only speak of
what 1 heard from others of his party, and
through the ^ress which supported him.
Mr. KEI1T. Did your opponent say that he
was more reliable on this subject than you
were?
Mr. CAMPBELL, ofOhio. His party and his
party press in my district charged that I had been
treacherous to the principles which I had pro-
fessed before the people, and that he was more
reliable than I. I was arraigned for having in-
troduced a resolution to call upon the gentleman's
colleague [Mr. Our] to preside over the deliber-
ations of this body until the election of a Speaker.
I was charged with treachery in voting for what
is known as Dunn's bill; and it was contended
by the friends of my opponent, and I doubt not
h.y himself, that the friends of freedom for Kan-
sas would have a better and more reliable friend
on this floor in him than in mc.
_ But I return to what 1 was saying when I was
interrupted. Notwithstanding the Democratic
party had, during the last canvass, the entire pat-
ronage of the Government—(and I have the best
ot reasons to believe that that patronage was act-
ively employed)—notwithstanding the Nebraska
Dili was claimed to be one thirtg at the North and
another and a .different thing at the South—not-
withstanding all this, the present Administration
has met with the popular condemnation, and
is driven into retirement by a majority against
its party of about three hundred thousand.
Mr. McMULLIN. I would ask the gentle-
man whether his party did not charge that the
object of the southern portion of the Confed-
eracy was to carry slavery into Kansas, even at
the point of the bayonet ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I not only charged
that they intended to do it, but that they had done
it. [Laughter.] The charge has been abund-
antly proven.
Mr. McMULLIN. Did not the gentleman's
party represent Mr. Buchanan as being a pro-
slavery man; and that, if elected to the Presi-
dency, he would go far. to establish slavery in the
free States ?
Mr. CAMPJ3ELL, of Ohio. I can only speak
for myself. I was pretty actively engaged in the
canvass. I did charge that Mr. Buchanan was
pro-slavery, and that the platform upon which he
stood, and upon which he sacrificed his individ-
uality, was more so. I charged that that plat-
form looked not merely to the extension of sla-
very into the Territories which we now own,
through the principles of the Nebraska bill, but
to the acquisition of territory for that purpose
which wo do not own.
Mr. McMULLIN. i desire to know from
the gentleman whether his party did not repre-
sent in the free States, that five slaves in the
South were allowed to cast three votes?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. In reply to my
friend I will state that I did contend before the
people, that in the distribution of political power
under our Constitution, every five slaves in the
South had a political power equal to three per-
sons in the free States, and that the extension of
slaWry increased that inequality of power. Does
the gentleman deny the proposition ?
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 wish to ask the gentle-
man one more question. Did not some negroes
cast each one vote in the free States ?
Mr, CAMPBELL, of "Ohio. I am not ac-
quainted with the laws of the different free States
ot the Union. In some of the slaveholding States,
I understand that free negroes, with a property
qualification, have been allowed the right of
suffrage.
Mr. McMULLIN. Which one ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. In the gentleman's
own State, I understand, a quadroon is allowed
to vote.
Mr. McMULLIN. No, sir.
.■M-'^CAMPBELL, ofO|1j0i Then I have been
misinformed. I observe by a recent publication
that at least one precinct in Louisiana was, at
the recent election, carried by negro votes. I ask
the gentleman from Louisiana if that was so?
Mr. DAVIDSON". It is false. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. In the State of
Ohio, under a judicial decision upon this subject
made by Democratic judges upon the supreme
bench, it was held, that whenever white blood
predominates in a particular individual he is
entitled to the rights of citizenship.
Mr. IAYLOR. Will the gentleman allow me
one moment?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I believe—and I
have had occasion to look into this subject since
the election—that there was one negro vote
given in my own district; that is, a vote was
cast by a man who, being more of the black than
of the white blood, was not authorized to vote
under that decision of our courts.
A Voice. Who did he vote for?
• ^r" CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am credibly
informed that he voted for my opponent.
By the way of enlightening my friend from
Virginia, who seems to be exorcised upon this
subject, I have some papers pertaining to the vote
given by another person in my district, who, it
was charged through the public press, was a
nigger voter." I send th'e papers to the Clerk,
to be read for the information of gentlemen,
lhe papers were read, as follows:
acter,) is, under the decision of the supreme court of the
State of Ohio, a white woman; she being, to the best of
her knowledge, seventy-five one-hundredths white, the
remainder made up of African and Indian.
2. My father, James Shannon, brother of-ex-Governor
Wilson Shannon, formerly a resident of St. Clair&ville,
Ohio, and afterwards a practicing lawyer in my native city,
Wheeling, Virginia, was a white man.
3. I have been a bona fide resident of the State of Ohio
for twenty-six years last past, and of that portion of the
city of Hamilton, known as the second ward, for five vears
last past. I am a freeholder in said ward, pay taxes, work
the public highways, and discharge the various duties
required by law of other citizens.
I therefore claim that, under the decisions of the court,
I am a white male citizen of the State ot Ohio, and entitled
to the right of suffrage.
ALFRED J. ANDERSON.
I believe the foregoing statement of my son, Alfred J.
Anderson, is true in every particular.
I am his mother. My father was a white man, and my
mother a mulatto; being an admixture of African and
Indian.
Alfred is the son of James Shannon, a white man, as he
has stated, and acknowledged by Mr. Shannon to be hia
son by testimonials which can be produced when required.
her
MARY T. H ANDERSON,
mark.
Attest: James B. Millikin.
State of Ohio, Butler County:
Personally appeared before me, a notary public within
and for the county and State aforesaid, duly commissioned
and qualified as such officer, Alfred J. Anderson and Mary
T. Anderson, the above-named persons, who have sub-
scribed the foregoing affidavits or statements, and make
oath and say, that the matter as stated in the foregoing
statements are true according to the best of their knowledge
and belief.
j Notarial ? JAMES B. MILLIKIN,
( seal. 5 Notary Public, Butler county, Ohio.
November 3, 1856.
t r{i rr ■! ?ielcct°rsof Presulentand Vice
fke nf °f the second ward polls of
oa." J Ham,lton< couniy °f m the State 6f
Gentlemen : I claim the right of suffrage, and predicate
nu claim on the following statement of facts :
wrfl' of r r0tHri T a rodent of this place, and the
v hereon, (whose name I do now and
i always have borne, from considerations of a private char-
Now, Mr. Speaker, it will be observed that
this voter is a native of Virginia, and a nephew
of ex-Governor Shannon, late of Kansas.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I rise to a point of order.
I call my colleague to order for attempting to
bring one of his constituents into disrepute by
showing his father to be a brother of Governor
Shannon. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am not influ-
enced by any malice towards him.
Mr. McMULLIiN'. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] has entirely evaded my question
whether his party did not assert and maintain in
the last election that every five slaves at the
South cast three votes? The gentleman and hia
party attempted to arraign Mr. VarT Euren for
relying upon negro testimony. Now, I should
like to know how the gentleman can exculpate
himself here by introducing negro testimony ?
I want the gentleman to come up fairly and meet
the question I have propounded.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. As to the intro-
duction of what the gentleman calls negro testi-
mony, I will say that I know the character of the
man whose statement has been read, and, with
all respect to gentlemen, I would as soon believe
his oath as that of any man upon this floor.
Bearing upon that point, I ask the Clerk to read
a statement as to the character of this son of
Shannon, from men of the highest respectability
m my district. [Here Mr. C. sent another paper
to the Clerk to be read.]
Mr. FLORENCE. With all respect to the
gentleman from Ohio, I must submit a point of
order. It may be very interesting, and it may
prove smartness on the part of that man to know
his own daddy, but for my life I cannot see what
application it has to the matter of the number of
copies of the President's message to be printed.
I submit that the gentleman is not in order.
The paper was then read, as follows:
The imdersigned citizens of Hamilton, Ohio, havinir
Known Alfred J. Anderson for many years, certify that he
is a man of good moral character, intelligent, honest, and
attentive to his business, and that Ins veracity lias never
been impeached to our knowledge.
1 JOSIAH SCOTT,
N. C. McFARLAND,
1 L. F. SMITH,
JOHN M MILLIKIN.
ELIIRIDGE G. BYEK,
WILLIAM RECKETtf,
• JOHN W. EH WIN,
November 4,1856.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
debate is assuming an unusual latitude.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I will relieve the
Chair from any embarrassment arising from my
pertinent replies to questions not relevant to the
