54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8#
of Governor Adams, of South Carolina, in favor
of reopening the slave trade. The President hag
no more right to ascribe to the Republican party
the views referred to, than we would have to im-
pute to the Democratic party the desire to reopen
the slave trade. The great body of the one mil-
lion three hundred thousand citizens who voted
for Fremont are from the old Whig and Demo-
cratic parties, and a large majority of all acqui-
esced in the compromise of 1850. Their principle
and purpose is, simply, opposition to the exten-
sion of slavery.
These are simple facts known to every intelli-
gent citizen, and only necessary to be here stated
by reason of this singular message. In it he
arraigns the Republican party upon accusations
utterly unfounded. It is very common for poli-
ticians to misstate the views and purpose of their
opponents, and thus bring odium upon them.
But it is not usual for the President of the United
States to resort to such means, and yet, in this
message, he has thus assailed the Republican
party. He ascribes to it views that it never en-
tertained, and charges it with purposes which it
has again and again disavowed. Thus he says:
"Under Hie shelter of this great liberty, and protected by
the laws and usages ot the Government they assail, asso-
ciations have been formed in some of the Btatcs of indi-
viduals who, pretending to seek only to'prevent the spread
of the institution of slavery into the present or future in-
choate Status of tile Union, are leally mjlamed with desire
to change the domestic institutions of the eccbtin^ States."
The President here makes a charge, and he
does it in the form of an innuendo, that the pur-
pose which the Republican party has avowed is
a more pretense—that they are sailing under false
colors. And this language is sentto this House,
and we are expected to listen to it patiently, and
not open our mouths in reply; and not only that,
but to order thirty-thousand or forty thousand
extra copies to be distributed among the people.
Not only does he make this imputation, but Ik
charges us with entertaining sentiments and prin-
ciples which the Republican party does not and
never has entertained. That the charge may be
true against individuals I need not deny. Much
graver charges may be made against thousands
who voted for Buchanan; but of these the Presi-
dent is quiet as a lamb. He saves his unman-
nerly imputations for his political enemies. The
great mass of the Republican party never held to
any sentiment that affects or impairs the consti-
tutional rights of the South. It is made-up in a
great measure of the conservative elements of
the northern States—men of property, men of in-
formation, men who sanctioned the compromises
.of 1850, who plighted their faith to and observed
them entire. Such are the men who compose that
great and growing party of the northern States
which swept eleven of them for John C. Fremont
by majorities unparalleled in the political history
of the country. These are the men—this is the
party which the President of the United States
arraigns no pretending to prevent the extension of
slavery, but really actuated by an inflamed desire
to interfere with slavery in the southern States.
Sir, I say that this charge is unfounded. The
people of Ohio—the State which I have the honor,
m part, to represent on this floor—do not wish or
design to interfere with slavery in any southern
State. We do not wish or design to interfere
with the relations existing between the white and
black races in the slave States. I have observed
that the relations existing between these classes
in the South arc often more kindly in their char-
acter than those existing between the same classes
in the northern States. We do not, and never did
claim the power to interfere.
Our claim is this, that in violation of the pledges
of the President made at the outset of his admin-
istration, and in violation of the pledges and plat-
forms of the two great parties of the country four
years ago, the party acting with the President
and his advisers repealed the Missouri compro-
mise, and perpetrated what our sense of justice
and honor tells us was an infamous wrong. That
is all. That is the long and short of it; and it is
the only cause which has called the Republican
party into being.
Again, the President varies his accusation.
He says:
"They seek an object which they well know to be a
revolutionary one. Tliey are perfectly aware that the
change in the relative condition of the while and black races
in the slaveholding States, which they would promote, is
beyond their lawful authority; that to them is a foreign
object; that it cannot be effected by any peaceful instru-
mentality of theirs; that for them, and the States of which
they are citizcns, the only path to its accomplishment is
through bwriring cities and ravaged fields, and slaughtered
populations, and ah theie is most terrible in foreign com-
plicated with civil and servile war; and that the first step
in the attempt is the forcible disruption of a country em-
bracing in its broad bosom a degree of liberty and an
amount of individual and public prosperity to which there
is no parallel in history, and substituting in its place hostile
governments, driven at once and inevitably into mutual
devastation and fmtricidal carnage, tiansformmg the now
peaceful and felicitous brotherhood into a vast pennanent
camp of armed men, like the rival monarchies of Europe
and Asia."
In this paragraph the President repeats, and
does not charge directly, but by innuendo, that
the Republican party proposes to change the rel-
ative condition of the white and black races in
the slaveholding States. By what authority does
he make the allegation ? Does he find it in the
platform of the Republican party ? Docs he find
it in any resolutions passed by any public meet-
ing held by that party in any of the northern
States? Why docs he make allegations against
that party which they have again and again
denied, and which there is not the slightest evi-
dence to prove? Why does he again adopt the
offensive form of an innuendo ? Ho says, "They
[the Republican party] seek an object which they
well know to be unconstitutional." What ob-
ject? Why not state it manfully, boldly, as a
X^residcnt should? If we have among us more
than a million of incipient traitors, why not say
so? And yet he does it in this covert way:
"They are perfectly aware that the change in
the relative condition of the white and black
races in the slaveholding Sfates, which they would
promote, is beyond (heir lawful authority.'' Sir,
we seek to promote jio such change. If we did
we would tell you so. We have no doubt—and
in this the voice of the civilized world will con-
cur—that it is the interest of the white men in
those States to promote such a change; but we
have not the power and do not intend to do it.
Yet upon this groundless imputation the Pres-
ident goes off at a tangent into a fancy sketch of
"burning cities,""ravaged fields,"and " slaugh-
tered populations." I can imagine the grim smile
which marked the countenance of the Secretary
of State when he first heard that passage. I can
imagine the scene that must have occurred in the
Cabinet when this passage came before them for
review. I can almost picture the President when
ho wrote, "the fine frenzy rolling," " burning
cities, ravaged fields, and slaughtered popula-
tions," the work of the Republicans ! How vivid
the imagination of the President! It is a pity to
deny the innuendo, for it is Vikv taking the ghost
Irom the play of Hamlet. Sir, your Yankee
newspapers sometimes attribute to our western
orators lofty llights of eloquence based upon a
very slender foundation; but I submit whether
the specimen here furnished by a famed son of
the old Granite State docs not beat the Hoosiers ?
The party he dusciibes ia about aa much like
the Republican party as the imaginary giant of
the crazy knightof La Maneha was like the wind-
mills he encountered; and I think «he President's
contest wilt result like the knight's.
If the President, instead of the language T have
quoted, had said: " In an evil hour the last Con-
gress, in order to carry slavery into free territory,
in violation of good faith repealed the restriction
which forever prohibited it, and that the only
path to the accomplishment of that design was
through burning cities," &c., he could then, sir,
with the eloquence of truth, hci\e nanated scenes
which disgrace humanity. "Burning cities!"
Why, sir, I know of none except Lawrence and
Ossawatomie. I know of no ravaged fields and
slaughtered population, except on the plains of
Kansas, where scenes were enacted by the sanc-
tion of the executive power which the Demo-
cratic party have all over the country been trying
to apologize for. These, I say, are the only
burning; cities, ravaged fields, and slaughtered
population of which I am aware; and these have j
been allowed, yea produced, by the President
himself. Not only does the President charge us
with principles which we never have advocated,
but he ascribes to the Republican party the very
results which his own policy has produced:
" Well knowing that sue)), and such only, are the means
and the consequences of then plans and purposes, they
endeavor to prepare He people of the United Slates for civil
war by domg everything in their power to deprive the Con-
stitution and the laws of moral authority, and to umlermine
the Jabnc of the Union by appeals to passion and sectional
prejudice, by indoctrinating its people with reeiprocal hatred,
and by educating them to stand face to face as enemies
rather than shoulder to shoulder as friends."
Who has endeavored to prepare the people of
the United States for civil war? Wfio but the
President of the United States, by teaching them
how utterly futile it was and is now to appear to
the law for redress where the law is administered
by a weak Executive and by such judges as Le-
eompte ? How could the President provoke such
an inquiry, when murder, arson, robbery, and
other crimes have run riot in that Territory, and
until recently no pro-slavery man has been
called to account? Who murdered Dow and
and Brown and Barbour—who sacked Lawrence
and Ossawatomie—who drove the quiet shop-
keepers and artisans of Leavenworth from their
homes and property—who invented the crime of
constructive trea'son—who deprived the people of
the Territory of the elective franchise—who mur-
dered Buffum, and allowed his murderer to go
at large on bail? Did the Republicans do these
or kindred enormities? None, none of them;
and yet they seek to deprive the " laws of
moral authority!" The friends of the President
did all these and much more, and yet they are
" law and order" citizens and gentlemen—some
of them most upright judges; and yet unti!
recently these men have been as free from fear or
danger of punishment as you, sir, are from feeing,
hanged for the murder of Charles I. The
President even docs not impute to these men the
charge of "depriving the laws of their moral
authority." Sir, the mode in which justice has
been administered in that Territory has fearfully
aggravated the disorder naturally produced by
the repeal of the Missouri compromise. Who
is responsible for this? Who but the President?
The judges hold office at his will, and his power
of removal could at once cure the evil. And yet
with this power unemployed the offender ar-
raigns us for his offense !
But, sir, let us again look at the charge made.
.What law do we seek to deprive of moral author-
ity? The President does not specify. Can any one
name the law ? I know of none to which he can
refer, unless it is the enactments of the Shawnee
Mission Legislature. But these enactments this
House hold to be null and void; and shall the
President say to us that these are 1 awhich we
have decided are not laws? The circumstances
connected with the election of the body which
passed these enactments are now well known to
the country. Their character is also well known.
They have been denounced as oppressive and
disgraceful by the political friends of those who
made them, and I am, for one, disposed to plead
guilty of seeking to deprive these " laws" of all
moral or legal authority. If the President means
any other laws, let him specify them.
Again: he says we seek "to undermine the
fabric of the Union by appeals to passion and
sectional prejudice." I should like to know
where and when the Republican party has sought
to do this? Never, sir, until this Administration
itself gave the ground and cause for it by tam-
pering with a compromise made years ago, and
submitted to by all for over a quarter of a cen-
tury. There never was an appeal to the passions
and prejudices of the American people so potent -
and so offensive in its terms as this very messa°*o
of tlufPresident of the United States. He hero
arraigns the great majority of the people of the
northern States, of his own native State, and I
think of his own town, as either knaves or fools;
as either purposely seeking to tear down the
(jovernment under which we live, or with doing
it indirectly, by sapping the principles upon
which it is founded.
However much such a charge as this may
gratify a morbid sentiment of ultra men in ono
section or the other, I ask you, if i£ does not ap-
peal to passion and sectional prejudice ? That
language has been used, and events have trans-
pired, to-extjge both, none can deny; and none
can regret more than I. Invidious comparisons
between the wealth, productions, and historical
achievements of sister States; violent la'nguao-e
in newspapers; the absence of courtesy ni de-
bate; private animosities, and restraint of social
intercourse, growing out of political differences,
arc always to be regretted. That those exist
