66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
the Republican party resists the extension, but
sloes not seek the abolition, of slavery.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Would the gen-
tleman like to see his colleague, the senior mem-
ber from Ohio, [Mr. Gibdi.vgs,] crushed?
Mr. SHERMAN. I regard the senior member
from Ohio as one of the ablest men upon this
floor, and a man whose sentiments are pure; and
} certainly would not wish him anywhere but
tvhere he is; and yet he very well knows that I
never have acted with him in politics until after
'he repeal of the Missouri compromise, and that
m old Ohio politics he and I were antipodes.
The same may be said of all, or nearly all, my
colleagues from Ohio, who did not agree with
him on old issues, but now regard him with great
s-espect.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Does the gentle-
-man and his colleague [Mr. Giddings] act together
now ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do act with him with
pleasure, and will act with him heart and hand,
until the consequences which flow, and arc likely
>o flow, from the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise are healed up.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Then do I under-
stand the gentleman to say he does not desire to
see the Abolitionists succeed ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not desire to sec them
succeed. I draw a distinction between the Repub-
!icans and the Abolitionists, which the President
had not the candor to.statc. ,
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. .Does the senior
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] act with
:the gentleman from Ohio who is now upon the
•iloor?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not consent that the
gentleman shall put questions to my colleague
while I have the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. One more ques-
tion, and I promise not to trouble the gentleman
further. I desire to know whether the Republic-
ans, and the Abolitionists do net all act together ?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir. I have now an-
swered all the gentleman's questions, and I hope
I may be permitted to proceed.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I find that I am
netting troublesome, and I desist.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was proceeding to say
that every gentleman must see that all the evils
which have distracted the country have grown
out of this repeal of the Missouri compromise,
and yet we who oppose that repeal are called sec-
lionalists, and gentlemen who are in favor of it
are called national. Now, that is very strange
indeed. All gentlemen from the southern States
must know that, had not it been for the repeal of
the Missouri compromise, tin.'-: slavery agitation
would not have come up for years. It, was
settled in every Stpte of the Union.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. I deny the assertion, that
wo admit that the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise was the cause of the agitation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not say that southern
gentlemen did admit it. I said that their impartial
judgments must lead them to that conclusion.
This .question of slavery was settled in every
State ana Territory of this Union. There was
not a foot of soil in the broad compass of our
country—not a spot of ground over which the
national flag was unfurled, where it was not set-
tled. In sixteen free States slavery was prohib-
ited by their constitutions. In fifteen slave States
slavery was allowed by local law, and wo did
not propose to interfere with it. In Oregon and
Washington it was prohibited by an act which
received the signature of President Polk. In
Utah aud New Mexico it was prohibited by local
Saw. In the Territory of Missouri it was pro-
hibited by the Missouri restriction.
I say again it was settled in "every State and
Territory of the Union. I have here the first
message which* the President delivered to Con-
gress, and I find in it the paragraph:
" That this repose is to suffer no shock during my official
term, if I have power to aveit it, those who placed me here
may be assured."
All that the northern people desired of the
President was a full and entire compliance with
ihat paragraph. They do not desire to stir up
'he waters of strife. They had been taught by
: heir_greatest statesmen—by Mr. Clay and by
Mr. Webster, that in every State and in every
Territory of this broad Confederacy this question
was forever put to rest. After the promise I have
read was made, the Democratic party was in the
ascendant, and carried every State in this Union
except Vermont; for I believe 'that in Massa-
chusetts they had a Democratic Governor at one
time. And, sir, if that party had fulfilled their
pledges all the old issues would have passed
away. All that would have been necessary to
render -Pierce immortal would have been to ob-
serve strictly and truly the language of his first
official message; but it was not done, and he has
reaped the results.
It swept away the Democratic party in nearly
all of the northern States. The few members of
that party returned to this Congress are but
monuments to mark how strong and deep was the
feeling against the repeal. The party has not
yet recovered from the blow. Those who left it
had a strong attachment for their party. They
would have boon satisfied with almost any ordi-
nary excuse. The power of the Democratic party
was in the North. It has strength there no longer.
The Republican party carried eleven of the north-
ern States. In the remaining three or four the issues
were so covered up and mystified, that they were
carried by small majorities by the Democratic
party.
The President charges these evils upon " a
propagandist colonization." Who commenced
that colonization? Had the South nothing to do
with it? On the 10th of June, 1854, eleven days
after the Kansas-Nebraska bill became a law, per-
sons confessedly citizens of Missouri went into the
Territory, and passed what are called the squatter
resolutions. All understand what they are.
They denied all protection to any man they chose
to call an Abolitionist. We all know thatthe
man designated by that opprobrious phra* in
western Missouri is not such a mail as my col-
league, [Mr. Giiwings.] They called all men
Abolitionists who are against the further exten-
sion of slavery. Men with such sentiments were
excluded from the Territory, and denied all protec-
tion. The propagandist scheme thus commenced
was continued by repeated acts of enormity.-
We know that thousands of Missourians voted
at the first election in the Territory. Itis clearly
proved that the number of Missourians in the
Territory at the second election numbered over
four thousand. We know that there was an or-
ganized invasion from Missouri, under distin-
guished leaders, to burn and destroy houses and
property in Kansas. These were southern prop-
agandists—propagandists for the purpose of sla-
very extension. Do you not suppose that such
outrages excited the people of the North ? Was it
imagined that they were not capable of defending
their rights and the rights of their fellow-citizens?
They saw slavery thus threatened to be forced
upon Kansas; they saw brothers, fathers, sons,
their relatives and former neighbors, slain with-
out just cause, and they were filled with indigna-
tion. What did the President all this while?
Event followed event, and he did not interpose
to prevent a recurrence of the outrages. He did
not interfere until the settlers from the North
rose in arms to defend themselves from violent
and bloody assault. How, then, can the Pres-
ident talk of emigrant aid societies and propa-
gandist schemes ? He did not interpose until the
people from the North were gathered together
for their own defense. Then he interposed to
protect his allies; and I thank him for that inter-
position. Had ho not done so, I believe there
would have been a civil war. But his interfer-
ence should have been sooner. His duty was to
see that the laws were fairly executed. He did
not execute that duty promptly; and it does not
lie in his mouth to accuse the Republican party
of having created this agitation, and caused the
burning of cities, and the desecration of homes.
The accusation, even if true, should not have
ome from his lips.
The President is about to retire to the shades
of private life. He came into power in full favor.
AH are glad now that he is to retire from it. I
am sure that I am. As to the incoming Adminis-
tration, I am willing to give it a fair trial. 1 shall
not prejudge it. The people of my State were
promised Buchanan, Breckinridge, and free Kan-
sas. Mr. Breckinridge told his partisans in Indi-
ana that he did not belong to a party which
sought the extension of slavery. They believed
him, and aided in forcing on us Buchanan and
Breckinridge. Now, let the other part of the
pledge be fulfilled. Let Kansas be admitted as a
free State. Let that much be done to repair the
great injury caused by the repeal of the Missouri
compromise. But if this pledge is not redeemed,
if the war between rival institutions be allowed
to go on there as it has done, if Kansas is ad-
mitted as a slave State, who can tell where this
agitation will. end ? If, by force and fraud, a
Territory which had long been consecrated to
freedom be converted into a slave State, those
in the North who have been instrumental in it
will be overwhelmed by the indignation of an
outraged people.
The President having committed his last great
political blunder, now, like a criminal—I use the
term in no offensive sense—seeks to defend him-
self after he has been condemned. I hope he may
live to a hale old age, and have time to reflect that
in politics, as well as in morals, honesty is tha
best policy.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, obtained the floor,
and moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at three o'clock) the House adjourned until to-
morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday. December 9, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. S. P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved
BILLS FROM THE HOUSE.
The following bills h-om the House of Repre-
sentatives, which were received at the close of the
last session, were read the first and second time,
ami referred as indicated:
H. R. C. C. No. 13. An act for the relief of
Mary Reeside. Referred to the Committee on
Claims.
H. R. No. 251. An act to authorize the Pres-
ident of the United States to cause to be procured,
by purchase or otherwise, a suitable steamer to
be stationed at the port of New York, as a rev-
enue cutter, and for the purpose of affording
relief to distressed vessels, their passengers and
crews. Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
H. R. No. 381. An act for the relief of Amos
B. Corwine. Referred to the Committee on
Claims.
H. R. No. 385. An act for the relief of George
H. Giddings, contractor for carrying the United
States mail on route 12900. Referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
H. R. No. 388. An act for the relief of Dr.
James Morrow. Referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
SENATE BILLS REFERRED.
The following Senate bills, which were intro-
duced before the committees were appointed^
were read by their titles, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands:
S. No. 468. A bill* amendatory of an act
entitled " An act to amend an act for laying off
the towns of Fort Madison and Burlington, &c.,
in the State of Iowa, and for other purposes,"
approved March 3, 1837.
S. No. 467. A bill for the relief of certain
settlers in the State of Iowa, and for other pur-
poses.
TREASURY REPORT.
(Tn motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the annual report of the Secretary of the ,
Treasury on the finances, with the documents communi-
cated therewith, be printed, and that ten thousand addi-
tional copies of the same be printed for the use of the
Senate, and five hundred additional copies thereof be also
printed for the use of the Treasury Department.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr, MASON, it -was
Ordered, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
discharged from the further consideration of the memorial
of Aaron Haight Palmer, and that it he referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. GEYER, it was
Ordered, That Francis Dainese have leave to withdraw
his memonal and papers.
TEXAS DEBT.
Mr. RUSK, agreeably to previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to bring in a joint resolution
