62
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
our jurisdiction by treaty, and being within the
jiitisdictioh of the United States, the power of
legislating -for it necessarily follows.
There is-no power in this Government which
can be exercised indifferently by any one of two
or three of the departments of the Government.
;For instance, the President's power of appoint-
ment, whether he exercises or neglects it, can
never be exercised by Congress. The power of
the Supreme Court to decide causes, whether
they decide them or not, can never be assumed
by Congress. To have the same power left to be
indifferently exercised by any one of two or three
different departments, would necessarily produce
an endless confusion in the Government. No
such thing exists in our Government. Whatever
power exists in one department, exists in that
department alone, exclusively.
The annexation of Texas, like the annexation
of any other country, was attempted to be effected
by the treaty-making power; but it failed. The
attempt was a concession that the subject-matter
"was a proper one for the exercise of the treaty-
making power, and therefore not a proper subject-
matter for the exercise of any other power in any
other department of the Government. If the
power which was attempted to be exercised—that,
of annexing the Territory of Texas—existed in
that portion of our Government authorized to
-make treaties, it existed in no other department
of this Government. But how was the object
accomplished ? After the proceeding at Baltimore
to which I have alluded, and after the election of
Mr. folk, how was Texas annexed? By a joint
resolution receiving the vote of only a majority of
the House'of Representatives, ana a majority of
the Senate. In despite of the treaty-making power,
it was done by an act of legislation. We view
that as a most gross, palpable, direct -violation of
the Constitution—an utter disregard of its pro-
visions. The act has been done, however, and
it has been confirmed and ratified by this nation.
We have dominion over Texas. The act, being
thus ratified, I for one submit to it, and I will ex-
ercise the same liberality in relation to that State
as in reference to any other part of the country.
I may not have liked the form of the bans; they
may have been unlawful; but, the matrimony
being consummated, we must make the best of it.
Texas now belongs to our family, at all events;
but the manner in which this has been done—the
means taken to effect it—all the instrumentalities
which wore used, were such as to make us con-
sider that it may be properly termed an aggros-'
sion. I know it has been said that Congress
admitted Texas under the power conferred by
the Constitution to admit now States. The lan-
guage of that clause of the Constitution, how-
ever, and the circumstances attending it, are con-
clusive that it is nothing more than a power to
admit States-which are within our jurisdiction.
To say that a power can be exercised to legislate
fdr a country not within our jurisdiction, in order
to bring it with in our jurisdiction, is an absurd lty
—a paradox.
We learned some other lessons from the his-
tory of that transaction. It came then to be dis-
tinctly understood that the Democratic party
could succeed only by the general united exer-
tions of the South. The South claimed and
insisted that it was important to them to acquire
or exercise power to extend their institution of
slavery into the Territories of the United States,
or to acquire other Territories for its extension,
in order that they might make new slave States,
using this institution as an instrument, a source
of political power in the Senate. This was un-
derstood to be a sine qua non with them; and he
who would be President could only be so by
agreeing to contribute to this purpose. The
election of Mr. Polk, and the terms upon which
it was accomplished, with the attendant circum-
stances, fully disclosed and declared this. Polit-
ical history since that time shows what course
has been taken.
This leads me to the next measure which wj
regard as an aggression—the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise. How did that come up ? It
was connected with the same thing; designed for
the same purpose. W-hat was it ? The common
expression of politicians is that it was a bid for
-the Presidency. When that transaction took
place there was on the lapis the old standing bid
of the venerable Senator from Michigan—the bid
'of squatter sovereignty. It was thought that
would aid the South in effecting their purpose;
but the difficulty was, they had once tried him as
a candidate on that basis, and he did not take
very well with the South. They were not very
well satisfied. Some other bid must be gotfen up.
What was it ? Under the administration of this
Mr. President Pierce, it was said, "Mr. Clay
and Mr. Calhoun, and others who were concerned
in the making of the Missouri compromise, are
dead and gone, and those who are not in fact
dead have departed from political life. Now, can
we not offer to the southern people the repeal of
the Missouri compromise line, thus opening up all
the free Territories of the United States to their
institution of slavery ?" Mr. Pierce, in effect, did
make that bid by bringing to bear the whole
weight of his influence to procure the repeal of
the Missouri compromise line.
There were many who still stuck a little in
conscience in relation to the contract and agree-
ment about that line. They did not like to break
it. There was, among others, Mr. Buchanan.
He was then out of the country; but he learned,
of course, that this bid, which had been made,
was actually passed. The President of the Uni-
ted States, with the aid of Senators here—I do
not wish to go into particulars—had effected that.
It was announced, in substance, in his official
organ, in order to effect it, that as to those mem-
bers of Congress who should feel i^their duty to
vote for that measure, and who thereby should
lose position at homs, he would see that they
were provided for and taken care of. That was
the substance of the statement. I do not like to
call things-by harsh and rude names; but I am
really very much reminded of what the boy,
when his father whipped him for calling him a
liar, told him when he got through. Said he;
" Father, the next time you lie, what shall I
say?" [Laughter.] What shall I call this? It
was nothing, in my estimation, but taking the
power of appointment put into the hands of the
President for the public service, and using it for his
own political purposes personally, and with this
very means to reward the men who misrepresent
their constituents. I do not say it was bribery.
The repeal was effected, and the bid was made.
T do not wonder that it somewhat startled other
candidates for the Presidency, unless some who
participated in the act and who might claim the
virtue of it. But how did Mr. Buchanan act?
Inasmuch as these southern people have been
offered here all the territory of the United States
to bo opened to them, lie perhaps thought, I
must offer them something. What shall I do?
I will offer them all the kingdoms of the earth.
I will offer them all the territory out of the United
States. I will make my bid, and to begin with
take Cuba—buy it, if you can, peaceably; but
take it forcibly if you must! I bid all the king-
doms of the earth, and all the rest of mankind,
outside of the United States! We see what has
been the result of this first opening of free Terri-
tories. The South, with the Democracy, had
got that passed. They had it already secured.
Whatever advantage they could get out of it they
had already secured. Of coursc, President Pierce,
and those who made that bid, did not profit much
by it. The South could not get any more out of
them. Their deed was done; and who was nom-
inated? Mr. Buchanan.
But, sir, I return to the repeal of the Missouri
compromise, its purpose and history. I simply
say now, (for I do not wish to go over it with
more particularity,) that we view that act as a
breach of plighted faith—not that they had not
the constitutional power to repeal it, but because
they exercised that power. I am aware that
the President cannot see any difference between
it and any other statute; ho cannot see why Con-
gress had not a perfect right to repeal it because
they had the power. I do not much wonder at
that. I have heard of men in the community
who never had any moral standard of right or
wrong, except what the law defined. They
: knew that what the law permitted they could do;
| and that they could not do what the law forbade.'
I The President seems to apply that reasoning to
j this case; but the obvious reason why there was
1 a moral impropriety m the repeal of the Missouri
j compromise, is that there was a consideration
for it, which consideration the South had and
kept and enjoyed, and could not return. Having
had it, there was an impropriety and an im-
morality to use such a power -without right.
This was- the second of the series of what
we regard as acts of aggression. It was these
measures, undertaken by the South, prosecuted
by them, and effected for the obvious purposes
already stated, procured by such means, and
advanced for such purposes, that created the
occasion for the Republican party. It was an
attempt upon their side to reverse the whole order
of proceeding which had commenced with our
Government, and had been continued from that
time forward until the annexation of Texas.
The practice of our fathers was, that the free
Territories of the United States, in which slavery
was not already existing, should be and remain
forever sequestered for a free white intelligent
population. When the Republican party was
formed, it was formed simply to restore, to re-
affirm, and carry forward this experiment which
had characterized the Government by the united
voice of a common people for half a century. Is
it at all wonderful that such a degree of success
should have attended it? How old is it? We
have been told here within twenty-four hours,
that the Republican party had not an existence
at the last session of Congress. It was organized
last June, and organized upon this single prin-
ciple; and in less than five months what do you
see by the vote? You see it carrying eleven
States of this Union, to say the least of them, as
high in point of intellect, wealth, prosperity , and
population, as any. This has been accomplished
by (if you please to call it so) a newly-created
party, not having any particular advantage from
the prestige of its candidate. Ho was a man
without political experience, young, having no
influential family connections to push him for-
ward, or who would do it. They rested simply
upon this principle. If so much has been done
in five months, how long will it take to obtain
majority of the whole? This success is to be
accounted for not byattributing to us any narrow,
sectional desire to interfere with the condition of
the domestic institutions of the southern States.
They have their own institutions, shaped by
themselves, conducted by themselves; they can
be repealed by themselves, or cherished and
regulated as they please. The Republican party
is based upon a principle, as I have said, old as
our Government, old as the rights of man. This
organization is nothing but an attempt to re-
assert and carry forward the experiment which
our fathers set on foot, and prosecuted by a
united effort and united voice for half a century.
In short, it is an endeavor to head off and prevent,
if you please, the extension of slavery into fiee
Territories, as an element of power for the slave-
holding States.
I have endeavored to give my view of the origin
and progress of this topic of difficulty. I shall
not go at this time into particulars in relation to
the manner in which the second act of aggression
that I have mentioned, was accomplished. Time
will not permit me to do so; but perhaps I ought,
in justice, before I sit down, to pay attention to
some of those little topics which I consider havo
been made rather by-play—attempts, as I think,
to divert public attention from the true issue—to
lead it off with political riddles and political
catchwords for effect. The first is the topic of
political sovereignty. What is true popular sov-
ereignty? I take it to be the exercise of power
by the people, or the representatives of that
people who own the country over which the sov-
ereignty is exercised. It is popular sovereignty
for the people of Virginia to made their laws to
regulate their institutions within their own State,
through their representatives. Now, to whom
do the Territories of the United States belong ?
Here I do not wish to be entangled with the catch
upon the word " territory," as used in the Con-
stitution. I am sensible that " territory" has a
general and a political meaning. " The territory
of the United States" really means all that coun-
try belonging to and within the jurisdiction of
the United States Government that does not fall
within the jurisdiction of a particular State. All
that is out of th# jurisdiction of particular States
is within the jurisdiction of the General G overn-
ment, if it belongs to the country, i t belongs to
the whole country. It is not true that any otnte
i as a State, lias Anything to do with it, nor that
I any citizen of the TJnitecl States has any rights
