64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9.
out. In and out of Congress in the science of polities she
holds the North to her purpose  
We hear much, Mr. President, in some quar-
ters, in relation to the equality of the States; and
southern gentlemen fell us that they will remain
m the Union only so long as they can remain m
it on terms of equality. Like " popular sover-
eignty," this phrase, " equality of States," is a
taking catch-word. Itis desirable that we should
understand the true meaning and application of
the term. What is meant by this claim of the
'equality of the States? What are we to under-
stand by it? If gentlemen mean that every State
has a right to regulate its own internal affairs in
its own way, undoubtedly there is an equality of
the States in that respect. But is there actual
equality among the States? While I am standing
here, the State of South Carolina, with a free
population forty thousand less than my little
State of Vermont, has six Representatives in the
other House; Vermont but three. Is that the
equality of the States of which gentlemen speak ?
I grant it is such equality of the States as they
are respectively entitled to under the Constitu-
tion, and wo will abide by it; but it is very far
from an actual equality.
Under the old Articles of Confederation every
State, great or small, had an equal vote. When
they came to form the Constitution of the United
States, that was the great point of trouble. I
know it has been the fashion to represent that
the difficulty at which they stuck, the trouble '
under which they labored when the Convention
came veiy near breaking up, arose out of some-
thing connected with slavery. In fact, that had
nothing to do with it. The trouble was this: the
smaller Slates insisted on retaining in the new
formation of the Government their equality m
voting as they had had it before. They said,
"We come together as equals; sovereignties in
the view of the world are always equal; we
ought to remain equal.M The larger States,
headed by Virginia and Massachusetts, insisted i
that it should not be so; Unit the destinies of the j
•country, and its public affairs, should not be j
equally controlled by a small State like Delaware i
and a large State like Virginia. There was the \
point upon which the Convention almost broke '
up. it was settled, as we all know, by a com- j
promise, giving to the people of the several States j
then* relative weight by representation m one !
■House, and to-the States as corporations their I
equal weight in the other [Jouse. That was the
compromise, tmd when it was made, two out of 1
the three delegates of the State of JNTew York— !
now a very great State, the Empire State, which !
then called herself one of the small States, and !
was veiy much afraid of being overslaughed by j
the larger ones—Air. Yates and Mr. Lansing '
went out, and never returned. I think Mr. Lu-
ther Martin, of Maryland, also retired, and did
not come back.
That was an attempt to assert the equality of
-the Stares, It failed. Now what is meant by it ?
What is really mtcndtd to be claimed? I do not
wish to disguise the truth; I understand it to
•mean this: that there shall be in this body as
many Senators from the slave States as from the
free States. The President says this election has
settled the equality of the different Status and sec-
tions. Now, the moment we make sections of
this country, independent of the sections made
by the States, and demand that each of those
sections shall be entitled to their different rights,
there is no end to our subdivisions. The north-
ern and eastern States, a manufacturing, fishing,
commercial people, make one section. On this ,|
principle, they have a ngfrt to demand that they !
ahail have on ecjual representation with every ij
other section in this body. The slnveholdmg
section claim an equality with all the rest. The ji
northwestern States may, on the same principle, !
claim that they shall have as much representation ]i
here as ail the rest of the United States. ;!
Again, if we once establish a principle of this [!
kind, we must of course forbid anything and
everything that is inconsistent with it. Now, ,j
suppose we take the whole Territory of the !i
United Suites; set it off into States: shape the';
destiny of each by providing for slavery going
into one Territory and not into another, and we '
nil know that Temtories will form themselves !
into States as their character is formed when d
Territories; it has been always so, and, always 1
will be so. If slavery is adrnitted into a Terri-
tory it will become a slave State; if slavery is
prohibited and kept out, it will become a free
State. " Train up a child in the way he should
go, and when he is old he will not depart from
it." This is as true of States as of individuals.
History shows it to be so. Suppose we should
divide off our Territories so as to have an equal
number of slave and free States, and say this is
the condition of things to be preserved.^ Then
Delaware, Kentucky, Missouri, Virginia, and
Maryland, never could abolish slavery. Their
doing so must be prohibited, for it would destroy
this equilibrium. The principle is one incapable
of execution, inconsistent with our whole insti-
tutions, and with the theory of our Government.
Again, is there any propriety in our according
in any one of the departments of the Government,
the same power to six millions of free people as
to thirteen millions?' Is it to be expected that
the thirteen millions should submit, and be asked
to submit to go down, like the fable of gathering
the trees of the forest together to select a king,
and their saying to the bramble, " Come, thou,
and rule over us?"—not that I mean anything
offensive; but the fact is, their numbers do not
entitle them to any such claim.
I wish I were able to argue a little more at
large as to the exercise of the power of sover-
eignty. Until within a very recent period, the
principle on which our Government has always
gone in relation to the Territories is this: Where
slavery existed when we obtained territory,
where it was already established, we have not
forbidden it, but have taken measures to prevent
its increase; but m relation to all that territory
where it did not exist to any appreciable extent,
we have forbidden it. I say that is the practical
construction of the intention of the Constitution.
I should desire to be able to argue a little more at
large, to show that this must necessarily be our
poiicy. Such is the view of the Supreme Court
in the Floiida or Canter case, to which 1 have
adverted. In that case the court decided that
the legislative power of the United States Gov-
ernment, whim a treaty had once annexed a
country, extended over it; and that,m legislating
for thii territory, Congress exercised both the
powers of the General Government and of a State
government, within its jurisdiction.
A question is made as to the right to carry
property from one jurisdiction into another.
Why, sir, every State of this Union where the
question has ansen—m Missouri and Louisiana,
(1 have before me the citations)—has decided
repeatedly that slavery was not a natural right;
that no such thing existed by the law of nature,
and that it never could exist and never could be
asserted unless there was some law of the place
where it was attempted to be asserted, to justify
it; that it was entirely the creature of local legis-
lation. Now, how can you carry your slaves
into a Territory any more than into a State, when
there is no local legislation which makes them
property or protects them as such. The Supreme
Court decided this very fully m the case of Prigg
vs. Pennsylvania. Not only the Supreme Court,
but the State courts in the slaveholdmg States,
have over and over again decided the same thing.
Ihit, passing from that,*I wish to come to
another topic which is frequently spoken of, and
that is the subject of the dissolution of the Union.
From time to time, as various crises have arisen
in our political history, every now and then, we
have had it put forth, sometimes privately, some-
times publicly, from the South, in their papers,
in organizing conventions, m acts of their Legis-
latures, in protests submitted here by their mem-
bers of Congress, and in individual declarations,
that if such and such things happen, they will go
out of the Union. When we regard the time at#
which these things are stated, the occasion when
this language is used, and the manner in which
it is uttered, wc cannot possibly mistake its char-
acter and purpose. It is really nothing more
than this: £< We propose to induce you to action
b}^ this means; we ask you to be influenced by
this consideration.'' That is a menace. It is
threatening. It is an attempt, more or less, to
say_: 14 Wc propose and intend 16 do something
which we think will be an injury to you, and
which we think you regard as being a very great
injury." This goes upon the ground that the
North have not only the particular duty of taking
care of this Union, and preventing its dissolu-
tion, but that it is their duty further to take care
and hold their southern brethren, and prevent
them from dissolving it. I do not recognize any
such duty.
Now I ask gentlemen to reflect for a moment
on what is the true English of any menace of
that kind. What does it mean ? It means this
" I say to you, sir, I have tried to persuade you
to do a certain thing; I have tried to convince
you that it is best to do it; I have argued with
you; and now I say to you that, if you will not
do it, I will do to you such and such an injury;"
that is to say, " I regard you as one of those men
who will grant from your fears and intimidation
that which you will not grant from your conwe-
tions." That is its language reduced to plain
English. How can gentlemen suppose a man of
any degree of spirit would act under those cir-
cumstances? How does a man, when another
threatens him with personal violence, or any
other matter of menace, receive itr Does he not
say, " Sir, I consider that as treating me as a
coward; I consider that as saying to me that I
shall do from my fears what I would not do from
my judgment, and I cannot do anything m regard
to it until that is entirely retracted." Must we
suppose that a people would receive such a threat
differently from an honorable gentleman? Itis
a menace which should not be used.
I cannot say that these things have never had
any influence on the northern people. I am
somewhat afraid that they have had at times, and
in particular sections. I do not know but that I
have seen and known men who seemed to be so
lost to all proper sense as actually to claim it as
a virtue that they had saved the Union. What
, do you mean by that? " Why, the South threat-
| ened to dissolve it, and I really believed they
' were in earnest, and I was scared, and I did this
thing, and I saved the Union!" Men actually
claim it as a virtue that they have granted from
their fears what their judgment did not approve.
I think that time has about gone by; and if the
period has not arrived it very soon will, when
these matters will at least be seen in their true
light.
We were told the other day by the honorable
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] that if really
the majority of the people, that is, the northern
States, should actually adopt the principle of ex-
cluding and keeping* excluded slavery frcm the
free Territories, and should carry it out in prac-
tice, the time would have come when there should
be a separation immediately and forever. Sup-
pose that time should come, as is not unlikely.
It has frequently occurred to me what would be
their declaration of independence ? I presume,
of course, they would not take a step of that
kind without publishing a manifesto to the world.
They would declare how it happened, and they
would not disguise the facts. I nave no doubt if
they undertook it they would declare the case
truly, and therefore they would make that decla-
ration truthfully.
I take it, too, that they would adopt the old
approved form. I do not mean that J think their
declaration of independence would contain the
assertion that all men are created equal, with ccr-
, tain inalienable rights, such as life, liberty, and
' the pursuit of happiness. I do not presume it
j would contain that declaration, because I under-
, stand that has been pronounced to be nothing but
| a set of high-sounding and glittering gentrali-
; ties; and at another time has been pronounced a
: self-evident falsehood instead of truth. I do not
mean to say that I suppose that would be asserted,
but I presume the general form would be pre-
served, and it would begin somewhat after tins
( fashion: " When in the course of human events
, it becomes necessary for one people U* dissolve
: the political bands which have connected them
j with another, a decent respect to the opinion of
I mankind requires that they should set forth the
j causes which impel them to the separation." It
I would then proceed to set forth tin- causes; and
truthfully stated, what would tit/ v i-e ; Such a
declaration properly worded would be .something
! like this:
| " Our fathers, at the time of their Declaration of
1 Independence, and previously and subsequently,
, adopted the notion that mankind were competent
to a popular system of government, and to make
. such a system of government successful every
