THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session'.
white man should bo free and equal. They long
entertained the idea that, in order to carry out
that experiment successfully, the Territories of
the United States should be entirely and exclu-
sively devoted to the use of the free white labor-
ing population. Slave labor has been excluded
from the Territories. They have persisted ia
this course for more than hatf a ccntuuy. African
slavery has been abolished m a majority of the
old States^ but we have retained it—we have
realized its blessings—we understand its advant-
ages. It elevates a considerable number of us to
a high social, political, and mtullectuol condition.
It has, to be sure, a rather depressing effect on
the masses, and especially the laboring masses of
the white population; so much so that we, look-
ing at free society as we see it in the mass of
white population, and regard it as a failure, and
we conclude it also a failure in the North.
" And whereas we consider this relation of mas-
ter and slave as the best condition of society—
most promotive, on the whole, of the advantage of
all—we have recently attempted, within a few
years, to extend this institution, for the purpose
of giving us equal weight with the most populous
part of the United States, and have made efforts
to introduce it into the Territories where it did
iiot before exist, as an element of political power,
and have tried to do this in various ways. Wc
have not been wanting in attention to our north-
ern brethren on this subject. We have endeav-
ored to annex foreign territory for the purpose
of securing additional slave States. We have
succeeded to a certain extent, with the assistance
of ti part of our northern brethren. We have
endeavored to convince them that this is a most
desirable condition of society, which should be
adopted at least in the Territories, and so finally
guide the destinies of the country, but they
obstinately persist in refusing it. We have en-
deavored to persuade and convince them that ii was
the best condition, and that they ought to adopt
it; but we have not succeeded in our efforts. We
have not rested with this. Wc have repealed
agreements made by ourselves to keep a country
exclusively for freedom. We have accomplished
this repeal with the aid of some of them for the
purpose of extending these blessings; yet the
mass of them find fault with it. We "opened
Kansas Territory for settlement under a pre-
tended agreement, that we would leave the people
there free, even while a Territory, to settle the
question , and then the men of the Noi th actively
undertook to repeat m that Territory the same
efforts by which they had distributed their pop-
ulation over all the free States, and they actually
formed societies, as tliey had always done before,
to aid settlers. They exerted all their power to
settle that Territory, to establish their schools
and academies, churches and colleges; and, in
short, took all those steps calculated to exclude
the institution which we cherish. They at-
tempted to do these things by the same peace-
able means by which they had settled other Ter-
ritories. We became exasperated; and when
some people from slave States undertook, by
invasion, to elect representatives for this Teni-
tory, we did not interfere to slop it. When
those representatives met, and passed laws to
suit themselves, well calculated to drive out these
people, they would not go out. Proceedings,
under color of these laws, were taken to burn
their towns and destroy their printing-presses.
JLaws were made to stop discussion and violence
there, and in the Senate was justified. We called
them by opprobrious epithets, though their exer-
tions had all been directed, for seventy years, to
nothing more nor less than the extension of free
popular government, and the elevation of the tree
laboring white community. That has been their
effort from the beginning, m which they still
persist, and we could not stop it. Though all
they haw-dona has been for the advancement of
the free white, race of the world, we have said, or
at least our Presidenthas said, this is all pretense;
what they say is a false pietenso; their real
moaning ia to disturb the relation between mas-
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1856.
New Series.....No. 5v
ter and slave in the slave States of the Union.
Wehave called them Abolitionists; we have called
them Black Republicans, as if their efforts were
all directed to emancipation and not to the advance-
ment of the free white population; and although
their desire is to have nothing in the world to ao
with a black population of any kind, they wish
to be and are exerting themselves to be kept 1
entirely clear of the whole of them. We have [.
charged them with being Black Republicans with j
black intentions. Now having used all those -
means for those purposes, and having failed to ■
succeed, we declare that we hold them, as we !
hold the rest of mankind, enemies in war and in i
peace friends; and we appeal to God for the recti- ;
tude of our intentions, and to a candid world to j
judge of the righteousness of our cause; and we i
pledge to each'other our lives, our fortunes, and :
our sacred honor." ;
I suppose their declaration of independence, i
truthfully drawn, would be thus formed, substan- |
tially. The issue which would be made upon it, j;
if any issue should arise—I mean an issue of vio- j,
lenoe and blood—would be this: could the candid j!
world, thus addressed by such a manifesto, or j1
any truthful one, be expected to be found in sym- j|
pathy with itr On this point, let me read an ex- i
tract from a speech of Mr. Clay, delivered during
the pendency of the compromise measures of 1850: j'
•''But jf unhappily we should be involved in war—m a
ciwl war between the two part- thi> Coutedeiary. in ,
which th<' etibjt-5 upon the* one 5-ide -ivmlri be to restrain !
the introduction of elavcrj into new Terntones. and upon
tlic other side to sbiee its imioduction tbeie. what a :
spectacle bhol'ld we pulsen't to the afcton'isiiment ,
of mankind, in an effort, not to propagate rights, j
btt—/ mutt sa\, th-mi'ls I tiuat u will he understood to he
siudjvitii node.-<gn to excite feeling—*a war to propagate '
WilONCr's IN THE TEltRlTOmtN THIS AC^UIRF.!* FROM
Mexico It u'Otild he a for m vki^h we shtitlJ hare «o
sympathies—ho good wishes; ta which all mankind v.ouldhe .
against us; in which our ov.u history itselt would be against
uj ; for from the co/nmcncctncni of the Revo'wJion .dov.n to
the promt tune wc have constantly icproached our Butish .
ancestors for the introduction of daiery into this country. [
And allow me to say. that, in iuj opinion, it is one of the '
best defense- which can be made to pre.-eree the m«tuu-
tn>n of plaveiy m this countr\, that it was forced upon us
aii.un-st the wishes of our ancestors, of our own American
colonial anef^too, and by the cupidity of our British com-
mercial ancestors.:
Mr. President, I have spoken not one word on ,
the morahty of slavery, or the relation between 1
master and slave: I desire not to make any re-
mmks upon it. I have treated this subject simply
as apolitical question. I have treated it fairly— |
I think faithfully, truly, as it ought to be treated. :
I have given my views, seriously entertained and
faithfully expressed.
Now, sir, what is their issue? Can it be ex-
pected that, after all the momentum which the
progress of liberty has received in our country,
increased and accumulated bv the additions from
the world abroad, a new svs^m of institutions is
to be adopted? Can it he expected that the ftve
part of the United Sm:cw ere rerdiv tr;ve the he
to all the actions of their father ' Will they not
continue to assert their principles5 I think it is
rather an unfortunate issue which is attempted to
be*madc by the South. It cannot succetd; and 1
am inclined to believe, too, that they are gradually
coming to that opinion themselves. I can already
pcrcei\e some evidences and symptoms of a feel-
ing, on the part of the Democracy* that the attempt
to extriul slavery into die free Territories of th ">
United States will be a failure, and it had better
be seasonably stepped. I cannot but trust and
believe that means will be taken to stop it. If it
is done, that will bo the end of the Republican
party. If it is not stopped, the Republican parsy
must go on. What will be the result at the end
of three years Cvin be pretty easily calculated by
what has been the result of four months' work.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, obtained the floor,
but yielded it to Mr. PrcH.
Mr. BUTLER, As the hour is late I move an
adjournment, so that my friend from Ohio can go
on to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
house of representatives.
Tuesday, December 9, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER slated that the first business
in order was the motion to refer the President'*
message to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and that ten thousand copies be printed; upon
which question the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Smith] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I
wish this morning to reply briefly to the remarks
made yesterday by two gentlemen from Ohio,
[Messrs. Campbell and Sherman,] on the mo-
tion to refer and print the message of the Presi-
dent of the United States.
This debate is an extraordinary one; but, as
the gauntlet has been thrown down by the Re-
publicans, it must be taken up by the Democrats,
as they seem to be the challenged party.
On all occasions it is allowable to those defeated
in any contest, whether personal, phystcaL, or
political, to make excuses for their defeat; and
on most occasions those who have taken the lea*d
in an unsuccessful contest of any kind are pre-
pared to furnish their friends with some excuse
plausible in its character for their defeat; and.
more particularly after it has occurred under
assurances like those given by the Republican
party in the late presidential canvass. If nQthing
had been said m reference to the causes of defeat,
I should not have considered it my duty to say
anything upon this occasion. I have always
found, even in traveling from court to court with
gentlemen who had favorite horses, that when
their horses stumbled they would complain of the
blacksmith who shoed them, or would say that the
horse had been shoed too long. Even the Mexi-
can General Santa Anna furnished an excuse to
his people, and made them believe that they
triumphed in the great battles of Buena Vista and
Cerro Gordo. Napoleon the L furnished an ex-
cuse for his defeat at Waterloo; but he gave as a
reason, that his expected reinforcements did not
arrive on the field of buttle in time to take part ia
the conflict which determined the fate of France.
No such excuse a's that has been furnished by
the Republican party in the remarks made by
either of the gentlemen from Ohio on yesterday.
The Republicans, with their forces all m the field,
well disciplined and ready for the contest before
it commenced, have been vanquished, and they
now attempt to furnish an excuse for their defeat.
They charge upon the Democratic party an avowal
of different sentiments in the different sections of
the Union. If this had been all that was said
yesterday, I should not have felt it my duty to
say a \\ ord upon this occasion. The excuse was
so s.Uy. if I may be allowed the expression, and
calculated to have such little iniluence upon the
public mind, that I should not have replied to it,
had the remarks of the gentlemen been confined
to those excuses for defeat to which I have re-
ferred .
But, sir, I sow in the speech of the gentleman
from Ohio yestoiday, a different purpose frotu
what was disclosed in their words. I saw in the
speech of the g*.otic-man who last addressed the
House [Mr. Sherman] an effort at a union be-
tween that eieiniJ:it which had fought the Dem-
ocratic party at the North, and that which had
opposed it at ibe South, in order to unite alt in
the tuxt presidential contest, which will come off
in lSt>0, The gentleman from Ohio has backed
down from the position taken by the Republican
part}- h< rhe last canvass, in this House and m
the country, in reference to the question of sla-
very. It was said to me,as I came on to Wash-
ington, bv a distinguished man who occupies a
scat u;K>n this iloor, thatathere would be an effort
to unite all the elements of opposition to the
Democratic party in one body to carry the next
election, and, to accomplish their object, nom-
inate a southern man as ihtiir candidate for the
Presidency. The first step towards the accom-
plishment of-that object was, in my judgment,
