1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. WASHBURNE-, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman state to the House whether he knows
of his own knowledge that the State Register
and the Chicago Times, two leading Democratic
papers in that State, published the resolution
among the proceedings of the convention?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. Both of them
did. And every paper which undertook to pub-
lish the entire proceedings published that among
the other resolutions of the convention.
Mr. ALLEN. For the information of my
colleague, I can state to him that the Chicago
Times, the Springfield Register, and the duincy
Herald, three of the leading Democratic papers
in the northern part of the State, published that
resolution of the. Cincinnati Convention.
Mr. MORRISON. I desire to state that all the
Democratic papers in the eighth congressional
district of Illinois published that resolution; and
not only the Democratic papers, but the Republi-
can papers in that district published it also, and
upon it based their assault upon the Democratic
party, because that party had indorsed the admin-
istration of Franklin Pierce.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I would ask the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washbcrne,] if
he knows one single Democratic paper in his
district which did not publish it ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have stated
that already.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Is it so to your
own knowledge ?
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My im-
pression is that the Freeport Bulletin is one paper
which did not publish that resolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. The resolutions
of the Democratic Convention were public mat-
ters, and every Democratic member of Congress
was entitled, I believe, to eighty copies, and they
■were distributedamongthe northern and southern
States. I hold in my hand one of the resolutions
of that convention, which I will read. It is as
follows:
" Resolved, That claiming fellowship with, and desiring
the cooperation of, all who regard the preservation of the
Union under the Constitution as the paramount issue—and
repudiating all sectional parties and platforms concerning
domestic slavery, which seek to embroil the States and
incite to treason and armed resistance to law in the Terri-
tories, and whose avowed purposes, if consummated, must
end in civil war and disunion—the American Democracy
recognize and adopt the principles contained in the organic
laws establishing the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska
as embodying the only sound and safe solution of (he
< slavery question' upon which the great national idea of
the people of this whole country can repose in its determ-
ined conservatism of the Union—non-interference by Con-
gress with slavery in State and Territory, or in the District
of Columbia
Upon that platform Mr. Buchanan went before
the country—a platform made in the State from
which the gentleman comes who yesterday ad-
dressed the House, and attempted to show that
the Democracy of his State were ignorant of the
principles upon which they voted for the Dem-
ocratic candidate.
Mr. GROW. I would ask the gentleman if
he, and the party with whom he acted in the
South, understand that resolution to mean that
previous to the formation of a State constitution
the people of a Territory could prohibit or permit
slavery ?
Mr. SMITH,.ofTennessee. It is well known
that there is a difference of opinion between
•northern and southern gentlemen upon what is
called the question of" squatter sovereignty." I
have never regarded it as of any importance. I
know that a large portion of the people of the
North, of all parties, believe that the people, in a
territorial capacity, can exclude or admit slavery,
because thty believe it is an inherent right, and
one not conferred by Congress. The people of
the South disbelieve that, with some exceptions.
There are some in the South who believe that
the people have an inherent right to admit or
cxclude slavery in a territorial capacity, and
there are many in the North who believe that
the people of a Territory have not that power
until they form a constitution to ask admission
as a State into the Union.
I have said I regard this as a question of no
practicability. I have held that in a territorial
capacity they had not the right to exclude slavery.
Yet the majority of the people in the Territory
will decide this question, after all. In a Terri-
tory we must have laws, not to establish, but to
protect the institution of slavery; and if a major-
ity of the people of a Territory are opposed to
the institution, they will refuse to pass laws for
its protection.
We have the right to take slaves into the Ter-
ritory without any law establishing the institu-
tion. But southern men must be satisfied that
there will be laws for their protection before they
will take their property, whether negroes or
horses, with them into any State or Territory of
the United States.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I would inquire
whether Mr. Buchanan in the presidential cam-
paign took the northern or southern construc-
tion of the question ?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. He took the
bold and strong ground that the people had the
right to settle the question for themselves. He
has always taken ground against what the gen-
tleman terms " squatter sovereignty."
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Do I undestand the
gentleman to say that Mr. Buchanan holds that
the people of a Territory, prior to the formation
of jt State constitution, have the right to exclude
slavery ?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Mr. Buchanan
has never taken any such ground. I will read
the ground he has taken.
Mr. H. MARSHALL". I know what he says
in his letter of acceptance. As the Democratic
party went into the canvass with two construc-
tions of the question, I only wish to know which
he took, or whether he took both?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Here is the
ground he assumed. The following resolution is
a part of the platform adopted by the Democratic
National Convention which nominated Mr. Buch-
anan, and which he most cordially approved:
"Resolved, That we recognize the right of the people of
all the Terutorics, including Kansas and Nebraska, acting
thuiugh the legally and fairly-expressed will of a majority
of actual lesfdents, and whenever the number of their
inhabitants justifies it, to form a constitution, with or with-
out domestic slavery, and be admitted into the Union upon
terms of perfect equality with the other States."
That is the ground taken by Mr. Buchanan
and the convention which nominated him. The
doctrine that the people of a Territory have the
right to form their own institutions in their own
way is the true and Democratic doctrine. As to
the institution of slavery, they ought not to pro-
hibit or establish it until they form -a constitution
to ask admission as a State into the Union. If
the people of a Territory are opposed to the insti-
tution of slavery, they will not pass laws to pro-
tect it, and it will not go there. If, on the con-
trary, they are in favor of it, they will pass laws
for its protection, and it will go there. It will
either go there or not, according to the popular
sentiment of the people of the Territory. The
gentleman from Kentucky himself supported a
candidate for the Presidency who maintained the
doctrine of squatter sovereignty.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Our candidate did not
hold that doctrine. He was opposed to it, as
every man who supported him North and South
was opposed to it.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. How many times
did the gentleman's candidate vote for the prin-
ciples of the Wilmot proviso '
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Do you understand
that to be squatter sovereignty ?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. The seventh
section of the platform upon which the gentleman
fought the battle contains what the gentleman
himself considered an indorsement of the doctrine
of squatter sovereignty—the language of the
Nebraska bill.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Not at all.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Yet the gentle-
man talks to me of squatter sovereignty, when
his candidate has voted for the principle of the
Wilmot proviso every time it came before the
House when he was a member of this body. He
denounced the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise, which compromise excluded the gentleman
and myself from going to the Territories of Kan-
sas and Nebraska unless we left our servants
behind us. Such are the strange scenes presented
to us; and they go to show more forcibly the
truth of what I stated to the gentleman from Ohio,
that there is a movement on foot to unite all the
elements of opposition to the Democratic party
in the canvasses which are to come off in the
future
It has been frequently stated,that the Deni*
ocratie party North and the Democratic party
South take different ground in reference to the
affairs of Kansas and the future of that Territory.
The gentleman from Ohio .[Mr, Sherman] said
that the Democratic party in the North assumed
the ground that they were a. better free-soil
party than the Republican party! Now, I have
a right to speak on this subject. I was in the
canvass North and South. I spoke in free and
slave States. I addressed the people of the gen-
tleman's own State at Cincinnati, together with
two others, one from Ohio and one from Connec-
ticut. I spoke in Trenton, New Jersey, with,
gentlemen from Pennsylvaniaand New York, ona
of them " Prince John, "as he is sometimes called.
The sentiments uttered by these gentlemen were
precisely those I entertain and have published to
my people. The only difference between.us was
this: I live fn a slave State, in the midst of theih-
stitution, and like it; they live in free States, and
did not like it; yet they had the patriotism to
stand up to a maintenance of all the guarantees
of the Constitution for the protection of the insti-
tution. This, in my judgment, entitles them to
the more credit.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman has said
that he has spoken at the same meeting with.
Prince John Van Buren. Now, I would ask
him whether he indorses the doctrines promul-
gated by that gentleman during the late campaign",
and whether they would stand upon'the same
stump and rehearse them together?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I most certainly
agree in all that Mr. Van Buren said at Trenton
in reference to the question of slavery. It was
the only one of his speeches I heard. It was
published, and gentlemen can see it if they so
desire. He there boldly avowed his opposition
to any interference with slavery in the States or
Territories, and stated that he would support the
admission of Kansas into the Union as a slave or
a free State, as the people should determine.
Mr. SHERMAN. My question is not an-
swered at all. Do you concur in the opinions
expressed by John Van Buren in the last cam-
paign in regard to the events in Kansas and the
policy of the repeal of the Missouri compromise?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I heard nothing
from him which I did not concur in, though I do
not remember to have heard him speak of events
in Kansas.
Mr. SHERMAN. One further question, I
would ask the gentleman if he is aware that not
only John Van Buren, but that Wendell Phillips,
a well-known Abolitionist, voted with the Demo-
cratic party ?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I am authorized
to deny that Wendell Phillips acted with the
Democratic party.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have been informed that
he did.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Whether be did
or not it is not material. I know that, a distin-
guished gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Orr,] who occupies a seat upon this floor, and
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,} went
into the Slate of Maine, and that the two gentle-
men from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens and Mr.
Cobb.] went to Pennsylvania, and avowed openly
and put upon the record their sentiments, which
were the same as are avowed here upon this floor,
and the same as those held by the Democratic
candidate for the Presidency.
Now, sir, after all this has occurred—after we
have avowed North the same sentiments which
we did at home—after we have fought the battle
and gained the victory, our opponents come here
and endeavor to make ont that they would have
carried the election if it had not been for a fraud
practiced by the Democratic party. 1 need pur-
sue this subject no further.
The gentleman from Ohio also alluded to the
delay in the progress of business jn the House, at
the commencement of the session, 011 account of
the Delegate from Kansas; and I must be allowed
to make one remark in reference to what he said
upon that subject. No one was here contesting
the seat of General Whitfiei-b; and the objection
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Grow] to his taking'the oath of office, was one
of the fiiost extraordinary of alt the singular prp-
ceedings of the so-called Republican party.
The action of the Democratic patty was not
