m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
•factious. All we desired -was a fair vote, and that
we determined to have.
He told us that all the difficulties under which
the country had labored had arisen from the
opening of this agitation by the President, in the
repeal of the Missouri compromise line. He
told us further, that that act had brought about
all the civil war which had existed in Kansas,
and then, to my astonishment, he thanked the
President for interposing to put a stop to that
civil war, which he said would have been existing
yet but for the interposition of the General Gov-
ernment. I was astonished at that, because the
gentleman, and the party with which he acts,
took the lead in withholding supplies from the
Army, with which alone the President could in-
terfere and put a stop to that civil war. After
doing all he could to prevent the President from
having the means which qnabled him to terminate
that fearful stiife, he turns round and thanks him
for putting a stop to it. He ought to have thanked
the people of the country that wo have a Presi-
dent who, when this House failed to furnish
supplies to the Army of the United States, had
the courage to call us back and keep us here until
we did furnish him with the means which enabled
him to accomplish what has called forth the com-
mendation of the gentleman from Ohio. The
Democratic party, the Republican paity, and
the American party, now see that the bold stand
then taken by the President did save the country
from a civil war whieh might have led to blood-
shed outside of the limits of Kansas. Hut after
he has done that, ond is thanked therefor, he is
denounced for what they consider an innuendo
against that party which attempted to stop the
supplies for the Army, and thus favor their own
sectional views against the Government.
Mr. GROW. How did the Republicans
attempt to .stop the supplies at the last session?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. By attempting
to put upon a regular appropriation bill an un-
constitutional provision.
Mr. GROW. They voted all the supplies,
out proposed to prevent the President from car-
rying on those disturbances in Kansas. I believe
gentlemen upon his side of the House voted
against the Army appropriation bill.
w Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. The mode adopted
to stop the supplies was worse than a straight,
open, direct vote against any supplier to the
Army of the United "States. An amendment was
put upon the bill which was in direct conflict
with one of the provisions of the Republican
platform under which Colonel Fremont was
nominated. That plalfoim declares, as one of
its specifications against (he Piesulent of the
United States, that he had depiived the people of
the privilege of bearing aims, while one part of
the amendment to the Army bill depuved the i
people of Kansas from bearing arms. ;
l>ut I muHt congratulate the gentleman upon a
sentiment which he uttered yesterday—not that;
I approve of it. He says that the only purpose !
of the Republican party was to prevent the vx-;
tension of shivery, I would ask tlie gentleman if1
he believes in the platfoim upon which Mr. Pre-1
moat was nominated ? i
Mi. SHERMAN. I do. j
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I will now road !
a pait of that platform: ;
*{ Resolved, That with our republican liithois wo hold it '
to be a self evident uuth that all men arc endowed with the :
inalienable light to lite, liberty, ami the puiauit of happi- 1
iieKS, and that the puumry object mid iillcmu design ol oui .
Fedeial Government were to serine those light* to all 1
peisono within in exclusive juiis«dietion ; that as ourn pub-
lican fiithu^, when they had abolished slaveiy m all ouj
national territory, oidamed that no poison should be de- '
pnved of life, liberty, or propetU without duo ptoeess of j
law, it becomes our duty to maintain tins provision of the ;
Constitution auam&t ill! attempts to violate U foi the pur- !
po-*e of establishing slavery in the Hinted States by positive j
legislation, piohtbtting its existence or extension therein.
That we deny tbe authonty of Congiess, ot a Tciutoual |
IiCgislatuto, of any individual or associations of individ- ,
uais, to give legafras.-isumec to slavery m any Territory of'
the Pnited States while the present Constitution shall be i
maintained." ,
Mr. SHERMAN. Does not the gentleman j
know that the contest will show the only ground'!
taken \yas that of opposition to the extension of I
slavery into the Tenitones ? |
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I will publish the j
Whole resolution. I have read enough, however, !
to show the exact position that has been taken, j
They will not only resisf the extension of slavery
by positive enactment, bu t" prohibit its existence"
in the States and Territories. Indeed, I would
be glad if the Republicans would abandon these
positions in their platform; but, notwithstanding
their professions, we find gentlemen of that party
daily acting with the senior member from Ohio,
[Mr. Giddings,] who, more than once, has ex-
pressed sympathy for any uprising of the slaves
against their masters.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the gentleman state
the times when, and the places where, the decla-
rations were made to which ho alludes?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Upon this floor
and in the Philadelphia convention. He so ex-
pressed himself in his speech on the McLeod
case. I do not state the precise language he used,
but only the substance of his remarks.
■Mr. GIDDINGS. Stand up to it or back out.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I do not care to
get into a controversy with the senior member
from Ohio. I am too young for that. I did not
suppose he would deny my statement, and I will
publish the remarks of his to which I refer.*
I say, Mr. Speaker, as a southern man, that
if a bill were introduced into Congress for the
establishment of slavery m any Territory, I
would vote against it. I do not believe that
Congress has power cither to prohibit or to es-
tablish it. I wish to leave the discussion of that
| matter to the people of the Territory; yet those
who refuse to allow the people of the Territory
to mold their institutions m their own way, talk
of " free Kansas." Kansas was enslaved until
the repeal of the Missouri compromise, which
compromise deprived the people of the Territory
of the right to regulate their domestic institutions.
Then it became free. The right of the people to
govern themselves is the great element of free-
dom. Whether Kansas comes in as a free or as
a slave State will make no difleience with mo in
my political action. Whenever the people decide
the question for themselves, whenever they fairly
express their will upon the subject, I shall stand
ready to support that decision, whatever it may
be, whether fur slavery or against it. This I
believe to be the position of the Democratic
party.
The late election has settled more important
questions than any other that has occnrrcd since
the organization of the Government.
1st. It decidcs the capacity of the people for
self-government.
2d. That when the Union is in danger the
Democratic party can triumph over all opposition,
because the great element of their organization is
equal justice to all sections of the country.
The. Republican party have not only been de-
feated in the late election, but have been signally
rebuked by the people. Their excuses for defeat
will avail nothing. The jicoplti, when the trial
conies, will always defeat any sectional party in
the United States.
DELEGATE FROM KANSAS.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a privileged question.
On Fiiday last the further consideration of the
question m relation to the light of John W. Whit-
iiekUo be sworn as Delegate from the Tcrutory
ol Kansas was postponed, and made the special
order for tins d.iy at one o'clock. That time
has now aruved. The ponding motion at the
"• The (oMouing aio the remarks of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mi. Oiddi\*<tsj leforred to above. Thev were made
in the House oMlepre-eutative^, Apnl 25,13-18. in reply to
Mr. Bayly, of Vugima, and will bo tound m the Appendix
toihe Concessional Globe, hist sosmoii of the Tiiutieth
Conmos, vol. 19, page They fully sustain was
said in leteicnc-' to Ins empathy with slaic imifrrprtion* ;
and the only mHakr made was in the name of the case m
winch these ,\tiouous soninnems were uttered-
'•'The gentleman, howevei, > ay< that Ahnlmonfot* look
to the insim'ection oi the slaves, Sn\ who does not look to
that inevitable i(j->ult, unie^ the slave States remove the
heavy burdens wIjk li now lr^t upon the down-trodden and
degiaded people whom they oppjess? U there a j-lave
holder who can shut ins eyes to this Mire finale of f-laveiv?
And why should we not expect it .J Weie we thus opposed,
outlawed, and abused, would we nor u-e all the means
which God and natuio have placed within our power to
remove such evil?: Wouid not dutv to ourhOlve>, to our
oftapring, to God, and to humanity, demand that we should
Use with one accord and Imil our opprcs&or? riom u*.5 Pan
we justify our fathers of the Involution in their patriotic
struggle tor political freedom, and then turn round and
condemn the slaves of the South for breaking the chains
which hold them m physical bondage and m intellectual
degradation? No, sir; no iovei of justice, no unbiased
inmd would blame them lor a^euing and maintaining their
inalienable rights,*5 " c
time of the postponement was, that there be a call
of the House, on which the yeas and na^s weie
ordered. I do not know whether the bpealur
will rule that to be the pending question at this
time.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the House refused to administer the oath
of office to John W. Whitfield as Delegate from
the Territory of Kansas. The previous question
has been called.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that there be a call of
the House, and on that motion demand the yeaa
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. The ques-
tion was taken-, and it was decided in the nega-
j tive—yeas 99, nays 112; as follows:.
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Allen, Bark*dale, Bell,
Hendicv S. Bennett, Borock, Bowie, Bianeh, Broom,
Burnett,Cadwalader, John?. Campbell,Caihlo, Caiuthei.-,,
Caskie, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Cox, Craw turd, DavuUon,
Henry Winter Dnvi«, Jacob C.Davis, Denver, Dowdell,
Kdmundson, Elliott, English. Etheridge, Eu?tn, Evans,
Faulkner, Jj'loience, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fullei, Garnttt,
Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Monison Hams,
Sampson W. Harris,1ThomasL. Harris, Harrison,Hickman,
Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, J. Gktrtcy
Jones, Kent, Kelly, Kuhveil, Lake, Letcher, Lmdiey,
Lumpkin, Humphrey Mai>hall, Samuel S. Marshall, Max-
well, McMulhn, McQueen, Smith Miller, Million, Mill-
waul, Mornson, Mordeoai Oliver. On, Packer, Paine,
Feck, Phelps, Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Ready, Rteaud,
Riveis, Uobi^on. Kuflin, Ru^t, Sandidge, Shorter, William
Smith, William It. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Talbntr,
Tuppe, Tyson, Undeiwood, Valk, Walker, Warner, Wat-
kins, Wells, Wheeler, Williams, WinsJow, John V.Wright,
and Zollieotfer—99.
NAYS —Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Bar-
clay, Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst. Bingham,
Bi>hop, Bliss, Boyce, Bradshaw, Bienton, Buffinton, Bur-
lingame, James H. Campbell. Lewi1- D. Campbell, Chaiiee,
Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, Clawson, <'imginan. Colfax,
Comms, Covode, Cragm, Cumback, Danueli, Timothy
Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, JDodd, Duifee. Edie,
Edwards, Emue, Flagler, Galloway, Giddings. Gilbert,
Granger, Grow, Robeit B. Hall, llailan, Haven, Hnbeit,
Hoilowav, Thomas R Norton, Valentine B. Norton, How-
aid, Hughston, Kelsey. Knur, Knapp, Knight. KnovrJton,
Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Mace, Alexander K. Marshall,
Mammon, McCaity, Kilhan Miller, Moore, Morgan, Mor-
rill. Mott, Murray, Nichols. Norton, Andrew Olivet, Parker,
Peaice, Belton, Peninmrton, Peiry, Pcttit, Pike. Prmgle,
Pumance, Roberts. Sabm, Sapp, Savage, Scott, Sherman,
Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner. Stanton, Strariahan,
Tappan, Thormgton,Thurston,Todd,Tiaiton, Vail, Wade,
Wakeinan, Walbndge, Waidron, Cadwalader C. Wa?h-
burne, Elhhu B. Washbuine, Is-rael WTa-hburn, Welch,
Whitney, Woodruff, and Woodworth—11*2.
So the House refused to order a call.
Pending the call of th<?roll,
Mr. PHELPS stated that Messrs. Cobb of
Georgia and Wood, Stewart and Sage, and
Fuller of Pennsylvania and Watson, had
paired olf on the pending question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If the call for
the previous question be sustained, will it be m
order to move the reference of the whole question
to the Committee of Elections? -
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Then I hope
the call will not be sustained.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 call for tellers on second-
ing the call for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cl^gmajj
and Tiiorixgton were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes i09, noes 93.
So the previous question was- seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. GROW. I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion to reconsider.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
| The question was taken; and tt was decided in
j the affirmative—yeas 111, nays life; a a follows:
: YK— Messrs Aik'-iu Aket>, Ail-n, B;uk-dah\
j Hfullyy S. Bennm. Bocoek. H<K\te. Bov.-i. Bunuh,
j Bmoks, Bioom, Biunott, Camvdiadei. John P r.Hnp'H-ii,
; Ciuiih , C*ir thtr-, Ca-!nr. ('ln.<rinau, Wilhaui-ou K. \V.
Coiib,(,o\,f,rawiurd,i).rtid>nii.£iMi'\ r J-t.-ob
! C. Da\i , ]Jen\er, liowdell. Edm-md-on. llih'Ut.
i Eiiipndw'. f;u-tis F.mlkm'i-, i-'b-i'-ix'.'. i ,,tu,
j Thoiurts-J I) rtd!cr,Ciiim'it,Go(.,U , (JiccuwMod. VaauMiM
| Hall. J. Moni-on Ham?., S,uup-on \Y H.tri-, 1 m.-m-s L.
! Harris, Hani-,on, lierboit. Hickman. IJuifn^n.
I Ji-neU.GooriroW.Jono*, J k< i.t. K 11\,
' Kennctt, Kuiwt'll, Luke, I^tehrr^ LimB \. Le.t.^p.oe,
j AIij\ander K !Mai^hall. iliuuphM'V Mju-iumI, ^.h'U' i S.
' Marshall, Maxwell, MeMuIlm. Metitf «'ii. Sj  uh \ml-f.
Million. Moon*, Muirwni, Mo;d--eai t :i I',"
Panic, Peck. Phelps, Po>-r.T. Pon^j, I'urwiif 'isserjan.
Read>, Ku-aud, Rivers, Knliin, ilua, r-andi.^-. nh e,
Snoitcr, Samuel A. Smuh, Wtth.un rrmillu K.
b/iiHii, Sliced. Sfphon-, S\v  pt, T.dht.rr. 'V.<\Un . 'V'v e".
1\-oiu Ui!d-rruo<id. Vaii, Valk. VwiUoi We-, v\ . il u^.
WeiU, WheeVr. Whuuey. William--. Vl
Wright, and Ziiiiicnlfer—ill.
