1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
XAYS — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Bali, Barbour, Bar-
clay, Henry Bennett, Benson, Billmghurst, Bingham,
Bi-hop, Riadshiuv, Brmton, Biiffinton, Burlmgatne,
James H Campbell, Lewis I). Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard
Clarke, Ezra Clark, Clawsori, CoH'ax, Cpanns, Covode,
Ora<nn, Cumback, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean,
De Witt, Dick. Dodrt, Durfee, Edio, Edwards, Emne, Flag-
ler, Galloway, Gtdding^, Gilbert, Granger* Grow,-Robert B.
Hall, Harlan, Haven, Hodges, HoBoway, Thomas R. Nor-
ton, Valentine B. Hort&n, Howard, Hughston, Kel ey,
King. Knapp, Knight, Knowi|on, Knox, Knnkel, Leiter,
Mace. Mattepon, MeCarty, Kilhan Miller Millward, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Paiker, Pearce, Pelton. Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike,
Pryngle, Purviance, Ritchie, Robbins, Robert**, Robison,
Saufei, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton,
Stranahan, Tappan, Tborington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader O.
Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Welch, Woodruff, and Wordworth—108.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred " Shall the oath be ad-
ministered to Mr. Whitfield?"
Mr. GROW. My friend from Maine [Mr.
Washburn] suggested some time since that this
whole matter should be referred to the Committee
of Elections. If he desires to make that motion
now I will yield the floor to him for that pur-
pose.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I intended to
submit such a motion, but as the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has the floor, I will not take it from
him.
Mr. GROW. Then I make that motion.
Mr. PHELPS. I endeavored to get the floor,
supposing, as I introduced the matter on the first
day of the session, that the Chair would recog-
nize me, that 1 might move the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. It has been the uniform ji
practice of the House to recognize the gentleman ji
■who submits a question to the House; and the ,,
practice has never been departed from. Tne .
gentleman fiom Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] sub- Ji
mitied the motion to reconsider, and the Chair I;
therefore recognized him. ;i
Mr. PHELPS. I demand the previous cjues- |:
tion upon the pending proposition. ' !;
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to know how the :j
question will be presented to the House? |,
The SPEAKER. The Chair will submit to
the House the question which has been recon- j|
sidered, " Shall the oath of office be administered ; i
to John W. Whitfield as the Delegate elect from j!
the Territory of Kansas?" |i
Mr. HOUSTON. Do I understand that the i]
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania is |;
pending ? j j
The SPEAKER. The motion is received by ;j
the Chair, and is pending. !
Mr. HOUSTON. Will his motion be put be- ';
fore the vote is taken on the original resolution? I
The SPEAKER. Under the 50th rule the mo- i!
tion to commit will be first put. j
Mr LETCIIER. I understand that the pre-;
vious question was moved upon this proposition j
before the vote was taken upon the admission or |
rejection of Mr. Whitfield. Upon the reconsider- j
ation, do not we come back exactly to the point |
where we were when the previous question was |
moved? ' i
The SPEAKER. The previous question was
exhausted when the matter was disposed of to !
which it applied. 1
The question recurring upon the demand for1
the previous question, |
Mr. TALBOTT called for tellers. j
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wright of ;
Tennessee, and Day, were appointed. ,
The House was divided; and the tellers re- j
ported—ayes 108, noes 95.
So the previous question was seconded. The \
main question was then ordered to be put. • j
Mr. GROW. I call for the yeas and nays j
upon the motion to refer to the Committee of j
Elections. j
The yeas and nays were ordered. ;
The question was taken; and it was decided in j
the negative—yeas 10G, nays 113; as follows: 1
YEAS — Messrs. Albright, Allison. Baibour, Barclay,
JIenrv Bennett. Benson, lhllmghnrst, Bingham, Bishop,
Blips' Brad«0iaw, Brenton, Bulfinton, Biulingame, James
H-Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard Claike,
Ezra Clark, dawson, Coll'ax, Convuis, Covode, Cra-pi, i
Cumback, Damrell, Tnnothv Davis, Day, Dean, DeWitt, ;
Dick, Dodd. Dm fee, Edie, Mdwaids, Kmtie, Hagler, ( al- i
loway, Giddmgs, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B, llatl, }
Harlan. Haven, Hodge?, H#Uotvay3 Thomas R. llorton, ,
Valentine B. iloiton/ Howard, Iiu£hston> Kelscy, King, j
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Mace
Mattepon, MeCarty, Kilhan Miller, Millward, Morgan,
Morrill, Mott, NichoJx, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker/
Pearce, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pringlej
Purviance, Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts,Robi&on, Sabin, Sapp,
Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan,
Tappan, Tborington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Wade,
Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Welch,
Woodruff, and Woodworth—106.
NAYS — Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Allen, Ball, Barksdale,
Bell, Flendley S. Bennett, Boeock, Bowie, Boyee, Branch,
Brooks, Broom, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell,
Carlile, Caruther«j, Caskie, Clingman, Williamson II. W.
Cobb, Cox, Crawford, Cullen, Davidson, Henry Winter
Davis, Jacob C. Davis, Denver, Dowdell, Edmundson,
Elliott, English, Etheridge, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Garaett, Goode, Green-
wood, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W.
Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Herbert, Hickman,
Hoffman, Houston. Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glaney
Jone*, Keitt, Kelly, Kennelt, Kidwell, Lake, Letcher,
Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey
Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMulhn, Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller. Million, Moore, Morri&on, Mordecai
Oliver, Orr, Packer,'Paine, Peck, Phelps, Porter, Powell,
Puryear, Quitman, Ready, Ricaud, Rivers, Ruffin, Rust,
Sandidge, Savage, Shorter, Samuel As Smith, William
Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Swope, Tal-
bott, Taylor, Trippe, Tyson, Underwood, Vail, Valk,
Walker, Warner, Watkins, Wells, Wheeler, Whitney,
Williams, Winslow,John V. Wright,and Zolheoffer—133.
So the House refused to refer the matter to the
Committee of Elections.
The question then being, "Shall the oath of
office be administered to John W. Whitfield,
Delegate elect from the Territory of Kansas ?"
The yeas and nays were demanded, and or-
dered.
The question was taken; and decided in the
'affirmative—yeas 112, nays 108; as follows:
YEAS — Me^rs. Aiken, Aker?. Allen. Barksdale, Bell,
IlencTley S. Bennett, Bocoek, Bowie, Boyee, Bianch,
Brooks," Broom, Bui nett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell,
Carhle, Caruthers, Caskie, Clingman, Williamson R. VV.
Cobb, Cox, Crawford, Cullen, Davidson, Henry Winter
Davis, Jacob C. Davis', Denver, DowdeJJ, Edmundson. El-
liott, Enclifeh. Etheridge, Eustis, Evans. Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Foster, Thomas J. I). Fuller, Carnett. Goode, Green-
wood, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison llairts, Samp-on W.
Harris, Thomas L. flarri-, Harri-on, Herbert, Hickman,
Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. GJancv
Jones, Kent, Keliv, Kennetf, Kidwell, Lake, Letchcr,
Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey
Marshall, Sainu^l S. Marshall, Maxwell, MeMulJin,.Mc-
Queen. Smith Miller, Millson, Moore, Morrison, Mordecai
Oliver,' Orr, Packer. Paine, Peek. Phelps, Porter. Powell,
Purveai, Cluiunan, Ready, Ricaud, Rivers, Ruffin, Rust,
Sandidge. Savage, Slioiter, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, Wiliam R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens. Swope, Tal-
bott. Tavlor, Trippe, Tyson, Underwood, Vail, Valk,
Walker,*Warnfi, Watkins, Wells, Wheeler, Whitney,
William*, Wmslow, John V'. Wright, and Zollicoffer—112.
NAYS — Me^rs. Albright, Allison. Ball, Barbour, Bai-
clay, Hemv Bennett, Benson. Billinghurst, Bingham,
B
lay, Heniy Bennett, Benson, iiiHinghurst, iimguam, ■ *
ishop. Bliss, Biad-haw, Brenton, Bnffinton, Burhngame, !J agreed to.
shall be so construed, from and after March 29. V847? in
favor of the brevet lieutenant general exercising eommmid
as such, that the beneficial operation of the 5th section of
the act approved May 28,1798,(< authorising the President
to raise a provisional army," shall be held and taken to be
revived in full force, and that the provision of the 6fh sec-
tion of the act- of August 23, 184% allowing additional
rations to certain officers of the Army, shall embrace the
brevet lieutenant general while commanding according to
that rank: Provided, That trie said breyet lieutenant gen-
eral shall not, in time of peace, appoint more than two aids*
and one secretary.
Objection was made to the introduction of the
resolution.
president's message.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
motion to print and refer the annual message of
the President.
Mr. PHELPS. In order to expedite business
I call for the previous question oil that motion.
When the message has been referred and dis-
tributed to the appropriate committees, tlie debate
commenced on yesterday may go on in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
without impeding the business in the House. I
understand, besides, that there are other execu-
tive documents lying upon the Speaker's table
which it is desirable to have referred. I hope,
therefore, that the previous question Will be sus-
tained.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman will yield to me for a moment, in order
that I may report two of the general appropria-
tion bills from the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. PHELPS. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, reported bills of the fol-
lowing titles; which were read a first and sccond
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to bo printed:
A bill making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy for the year ending the
30th of June, 1858; and
A bill making appropriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United States
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1858.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that two
communications, concerning appropriations, one
! from the Stale, and the other from the War
Department, directed to the Committee of Ways
i and Means, be referred to that committee, and
j ordered to be printed.
The question was taken; and the motion was
James II. Campbell. Lenis P. Campbell, Cliaftee. Bayard
Clarke, Ezra Clark, dawson, Collax. Comins, Covode, j
Oragm. Cumback. Damie!!, Timothy Davis, Day. Dean, i
Do Witt. Dick. Dodil, Durfep, Edie. Edwards, Emne,
Flakier. Gallowa*, (Jidilmsf?, Gilbert, Granger, Grow. Rob- i
eit II. 'UaM, Ilailan, llaven, Hodges, (lolloway. Tiiomas 1
R. lloiton, Valentine li. Horton, Howard, Hnghston, |
Kelsev, Kins, Knapp, Knigltt. Knowlton. Knox, Kunkel, !
Leiter, Mace. .Matteson, MeCarty, Killian Miller, Mill- J
waid, Morgan. Morrill, Mott, Murray, NiehoH, Noiton,
Andicw Oliver, Parker. Pearce, Pelton. Pennington. Perry, ;
Pettit, Pike, Prinsie. Purviance. Ritchie. Robbins. P,obens,
Robison, Sabin, Sapp, Scott, Sherman. Simmons, Spinner,
Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan. Thormiiton. Thurtton, Todd,
Traiton. Wade, Wakeman, Walbudse. Waldron. Cadwal-
ader C.' Waslihume, Ellihu 15. Washburne. Israel Wash-
burn, Welch. WoodruiT, and Woodruff—108.
So the House ordered the oath of office to be
administered.
Mr. Whitfield then advanced to theSpealter'r
THE PRESIDENT S MESSAGE AGAIN".
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call for
tellers on seconding the call for the previous
question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sapp and
Orr were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 78, noes 94.
So the previous question was not seconded,
i Mr. WALKER obtained the floor, but yielded'
to
Mr. PHELPS, who asked that certain papers
upon the Speaker's table be laid before the
■ House.
I The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the report of the Secretary of
i ~r~ i " r * a i tua uc'ini ! the Treasury on the finances: which was refer-
desk, and was quali ted by tak g be usual oath ,, Comm.ttee of Ways and Means, and
of office to support tne ConsUlutton ot the United ^ bp
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS. !l . llr- ^LOREXCF, offered the following resolu-
, . tion; which, under the rules, was referred totne
I Mr. HAVEN, by unanimous consent, obtained Committee on Printing:
| leave to withdraw from the hlesof the House the , ResolvCtL That t[aTe be prjnted for distribution by the
: papers m the case of Orange H. Dibble, tor the ■ men)t)ers of tho pre*ent C<mgre?^ twenty thousand copies
, 1 1 /  .• ,1 .. .. il I . . - f ^ . . . * - .-".I. .. rn     ...I.mltturl at
1 purpose of presenting them to the Court of
i Claims. ' 'j
I BREVET LIEUTENANT GENERAL. |j
Mr. CLINGMAN asked consent to introduce ;|
the following joint resolution, tor tl*e purpose of , —   
having it reierred to the Committee on Military I accounts of Uie ^
Affairs: ;;
Joint Kesohmon explanatory of the Joint Resolution" au- '■
thorieing the President of the United States to oonicr ,1
the title oHieutenant general by brevet," approved Feb-
ot* the report of tlie Secretary of the Treasury, submitted at
thiss session, reserving tor distribution by tliat Otheer one
Uiousand copies of the above number.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the Houst* the
^counts of the Treasurer of the United States;
which were laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed. ' ,<* «■
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
State, transmitting, front the Superintendent of
ruary 15, lbo.j. Statistics, an abstract of returns of Anieucan sea-
: Resolved Injthc Senate etui Home of Rcpresmtstivcs in . Ke istered in the sevei'al ports of entry, &e.;
! Congress assembled. That tlie ]omt ic^olotion aptimved i ,11, . , , . .   .v. nnf1 ordered to be
February 15. l.sw, •• autliorizmsihe Presidentof the United !j which was laid upon the table, ana out.ieu to oe
j States to confer the title ot' lieutenant general by brevet," h printed.
