1856.
THE C0MRIWmL-""€Ml:
of the underwriters as well as of the owner. The
court spoke of it as a case of admiralty. The
argument made was, that the admiralty jurisdic-
tion of the United States could only be exercised
by courts the judges of which were appointed by
the President and confirmed by the Senate. It
Was admitted that the jurisdiction of the United
States in admiralty was not only unlimited but
exclusive, and, in fact, that has since been decided
in so many words. But the proposition was,
that the judges of the syndic court had never
been appointed by the. President and confirmed
by the Senate, what was the answer of the
Supreme Court? The admiraltyjurisdiction of
the United States can be exercised within the
States only by courts whose judges are consti-
tuted as you say; but when you come to the
Territories, Congress, in the exercise of its gen-
eral authority to establish and promote a terri-
torial'organization, can confer this general ad-
miralty jurisdiction, which is exclusive in the
United States, upon any court it may see fit to
adopt. Now let us see whether that is not what
the courts say. Judge Marshall says: !
"It has been contended, that by the Constitution the j
judicial power of the United States extend.-; to ail cases of ,
admiralty and luaiiuine jurisdiction ; and that the whole i
of thid judicial power must be vested 'in one Supreme '
Court, and m ^uch inferior courts as Congress shall from |
time to tune ordain and establish,' Hence it has been
argued, that Congress cannot vest admiralty jurisdiction
m courts crcated by the Territorial Legislature."
That was the argument. What was the an-
swer r
"We have only to pursue this subject one step further
to perceive that this provision of the Constitution does not
apply to it"—
theprovision definingthe qualification of courts.
<sTlie next sentence decldies, that4 the judges, both of
the supreme and inferior court* MiaU hold their officer ,
durirnj good behavior.' The judge-? of the superior courts |
of Flouda hold rheir offices tor (our years. These cousts, !
then, arc not constitutional eouitd, in which the; judicial .
power conferred by the Constitution on the General Gov- I
eminent can h : deposited. They are incapable of receiving !
it. They are legislative eourt<, created in virtue of the j
general right of sovereignty which exists in the Govern- !
ment, or in virtue of that clause winch enables Congress j
to make all needful rules and regulation* respecting |
tlie terutory belonging to the United States. The juris- '
diction with which they are invented is not a part of that
judicial power which is defined 111 the third article of the ;
Constitution, hut is conferred jjy Congress, in the execution ,
of those general powers which that body possesses over j
the Territories of the United States. Although admiralty •
jurisdiction can be exercised in the States m those courts ,
only which are established ui pursuance of the thud article j
of the Constitution, the same limitation does not extend j
to the Territories. In legislating for them, Congress ax- [
ereises tlie combined power ot the Generals and ot a State ,
Government." j
Not that Congress exercises all the powers of j
a State and of the General Government; but that j
on the subject of admiraltyjurisdiction—a juris- j
diction exclusively and unlimitedly conferred on !
the United States by the Constitution—Congress, i
in legislating for the Territories, acts both as a 1
General and State Government. The Supreme ;
CourJthas never considered this question, in fact, i
or, at least, has never decided it; but if I under- ;
stand the principles announced by that court in !
a number of decisions, there can be no result to ;
this discussion except that which the President
himself has indicated. We must start with un- :
demanding. What is the control of the people j
of the several States over the relations of persons ■
within their jurisdiction? That is admirably ex-
pressed in the decision of a case which possessed
some little local interest as connected with the
State of Kentucky and the State which I repre- ]
sent. I refer to the case of Strader vs. Graham,
(10 Howard, 93.) It was a case of this nature:
Certain negroes, musicians, owned in the State
of Kentucky, had been allowed by their master
the privilege of very often frequenting the State
of Ohio, for the purpose of giving exhibitions of
their musical talent; but they always returned,
after a limited period, to their master. After-
wards, a boat navigating the Ohio river between
Louisville and Cincinnati, permitted those negroes
to come on board, and they finally escaped. An
action was brought for their value. The court
of appeals in Kentucky gave judgment m favor
of the master. The case was brought to the
Supreme Court here upon the proposition, that
these negroes having once been within the juris-
diction of the State of Ohio, where slavery was
not allowed, had become free., and that they could
not afterwards be reduced to slavery. What said
the court to that?
"Every State has an undoubted right to determine the
statm or domestic and social condition of the persons dom-
iciled within its territory, except m so for as the powers of
the States, in this respect, are restrained, or duties are im-
posed upon them, by tlte Constitution of the tJ'ntted States."
There is nothing in the Constitution of the United States
that can m any degree control the law of. Kentucky upon
this subject. And the condition of the negroes, therefore,
as to freedom or slavery, after their return, depended alto-
gether upon the laws of that State, and could not be in-
fluenced by the laws of Ohio. It was exclusively in the
power of Kentucky to determine for itself, whether their
employment in another State should or should not make
them free on their return. 
Now let us start with that proposition, viz:
each State of this Union has the absolute and un-
doubted right to fix the status or domestic and
social condition of persons witliin its limits.
What is the condition of a new State which
presents herself for admission ? Is she a State?
When you have admitted her by your act of
admission, confessedly she is vested with all the
rights and powers of the old States. There
cannot be two degrees of States in this Union.
It cannot be that some States have greater privi-
leges than others. It must be that, in order tosup-
port this Federal Government, each State, new or
old, has the same undoubted right to prescribe the
domestic condition of persons within its limits.
If that be the attitude of a State just admitted,
with what propriety—by what authority under
the Constitution, can Congress say to her, "Here, ;
on the eve of admission as a sovereign constituent •
of the Union, we require you to submit to con-
ditions which we have not imposed on any other j
State?"
This question arose in reference to the State of
Alabama; and as it has been debated so much I
will endeavor to ascertain what principle the
Supreme Court did settle inthe course of that
adjudication. You will redfcect, sir, that the
State of Alabama was included within the terri-
tory over which the ordinance of 1787 was ex-
tended by act of Congress, with the exception of
the anti-slavery clause. All the other provisions
of the ordinance, and_all the articles of compact
except one—for there were six articles, and that
in relation to slavery was but one of the six—
were extended over it. The question was identi-
cally the same; the particular point there hap-
pened to relate to the question of a navigable
stream. Now, what did the Supreme Court
say? I read from the opinion in the case of Pol-
lard's Lessee vs. Hagan, (3 Howard, 212:)*
" Taking the legislative acts of the United States, and
the States ot* Viigtnta and Georgia, and their deeds of
cession to the United States, and giving to each sepaiately,
arid to all joint!}', a fair interpretation, we must come to
the conclusion that it was the intention of the parties to
invest the United States with the eminent domain of the
ceuntry ceded, both national and municipal, for the pur-
poses of temporary Government, and to hold it in trust for :
the performance *of the stipulations and conditions ex- ,
pressed in the deeds of cession and the legislative acts |
connected with them. To a correct understanding of the ,
rights," powers, and duties of the parties to these eontiact«,
it is necessaiy to enter into a more minute examination of
the rights of eminent domain, and the right to the public
lands. When the United States accepted the cession of
the territory, they took upon them^ives the mist to hold
the municipal eminent domain ioi the new States, and to
invest them with it. to the same e\tent. in all respects, that
it was held by the States ceding the Territories."
That is to say. Congress, in taking upon itself
the control of the Territories, acts as a trustee
for specified trusts; and what are the}*? To in-
vestt'he new* State, when born, with ail the powers
and privileges of an original State of this Union.
If that be so—if that be the trust which Congress
discharges towards theTerritoiies, it is a flagrant
violation of its duty as trustee if it imposes
during the territorial form of government any
regulation which it has not the power to impose
on a State at the time of its admission.
Again, sir, the court says:
•' The right which belongs to the society, or to the sov-
ereign, of disposing. m ease: of necessity, and for the public
safetv.of all the wealth contained inthe State, is called the
eminent dunuin. It is evident that this right is, in certain
cases, necessary to him who governs, and is, consequently,
a part of the empire, or sovereign power. Yatt. Law of
Nations, section *341. This definition sliows that the emi-
nent domain, nhhoush a sovereisru power, does not include
all sovereign power,"and this explains the sense m which
it is used in this opinion. The compact mail*1 between the
Uintud States and the State of Georgia wa- sanctioned by
the Constitution of the United States; by the third secrion
of the fourth article of which it is declared, that v new
States may be admitted by the Congress into tins Union;
but no new State shall be formed or erected withia the
jurisdiction of aay other State, nor any State, beforitiedby
the junction of two or more States, or parts of States, with'
out the consent of the Legislatures of the States concerned,
as well as of Congress.7  
This is an effectual .answer to the proposition
advanced by the Senator from Vermont yestejv
day, that, because the United States hold tile
eminent domain of the public lartds in the Terri-
tories, they are therefore invested with legislative
sovereign power. The eourt says that, although
the right of eminent domain is a'sovereign poWer,
it does not include all sovereign power, and,
among others, does not include legislative au-
thority. Again:
"When Alabama was admitted into the Union, on an
equal footing with the original States, stie succeeded to all
the rights of sovereignty, jurisdiction, and eminent domain,
which Georgia possessed at the date of the cession, except
so far as this right was diminished by the public lands
remaining in the possession, and under the control, of the
United States, for the temporary purposes provided for in
the deed of cession, and the legislative acts connected with
it. Nothing remained to the United States, according to
the terms of the agreement, hut the public lands ; and if
an express stipulation had been inserted in the agreement
granting the municipal right of sovereignty and eminent
domain to the United States, such stipulation would have
been void and inoperative, because the United States have
no constitutional 'capacity to exercise municipal jurisdic-
tion, sovereignty, or eminent domain, within the limits of
a State or elsewhere, except in the eases in which it is
expressly granted."
Still further:
" By the sixteenth clause of the eighth section of the
filst article of the Constitution, power is given to Congress
£ to exercise exclusive Jegisiatioif in all cases whatsoever,
over such district (not exceeding ten miies square) as may,
by cession of particular States, and the acceptance or
Congress, become the seat of Government of the United
States, and to exercise like authority over all places pur-
chased, by the consent of the Legislature of the State in
which the same may be, for the erection of forts, maga-
zines, arsenals, dock-yards, find other needful buildings.'
Withm the District of Columbia, and the other places pur-
chased and used for the purposes above mentioned, the
national and municipal powers of government, of every
description, are united in the Government of the Union.
Arid these are the only cases, within*the United States, in
which all the powers of government are united in a single
Government, except in the cases already mentioned of the
temporary territorial governments, and there a local gov-
ernment exists. The right of Alabama, and every oilier
new State, to exercise all the powers of government which
belong to, and may be exercised by, the original States of
the Union, must be admitted, and remain unquestioned,
except so far as they are, temporally, deprived of control
over the public lands."
In the same opinion, the court says:
£< We think a proper examination of this subject will
«how that the United States never held any municipal
• sovereignty, jurisdiction, or right of soil in and to the terri-
I tory of which Alabama' or any of the new States were
1 formed, except for temporary purposes, and to execute the
I trusts created by the acts of the Virginia and Georgia Legis-
' latures, and the deeds of cession executed by them to the
! United States, and the trust created by tl/e treaty with the
i French Republic, of the 30th of April, 1803, ceding Louisi-
| ana."
i Again:
I " Whenever the United States shall have fully executed
! these trusts, the municipal -sovereignty of the new States
! wiil be complete thioughout their icspective borderland
, they and the original State? w ill be upon an equal tooting in
; ail respects whatever."
Once more:
Alabama K therefore, entitled to the sovereignty and
[ jurisdiction over ail the'territoiy within her hunts, snb-
' |ect to the common law, to the same e.uent that Georgia
possessed it before she cfded it to the United States. To
maintain auy other doctrine is to deny that Alabama has
I been admitted into the Union on an equal footing with the
| original States—the Constitution, laws, and compact to the
! contrary notwithstanding."
( That is not a single decision. It is the most
elaborate, and, in my judgment, it is perfectly
; unanswerable. But in the ease of Strader vs.
, Graham, (10 Howard, 95,) to which 1 have
; already alluded, decided at a much later period,
■ the court says:
: But the whole question upon the ordinance of 3787 and
the acts of Coiijiiojns extending it tf> o'.her terrnoiy alter-
■: ward* aequtredT was carefullv considered in Pollardvs.
'■ Hairan. 3 Howard, 210. The subject is fully examined m
the opinion pronounced m that ease, with which we «on-
' cur; and it is sufficient now to refer to the reasoning and
, principle- by which that judgment is maintained* without
1 entering again >tpon a tu.il examination of the question. ■
Accordingly, the court decided in this case
(Strader rs.'Grabnm) that the ordinance of July
: 13, 176", articles of compact and all, became
nugatory and void, as to the State of Ohio, wlu-si
she was admitted into the Union; and, ot course,
; the same principle applies to Indiana, Illinois,
1 Michigan) «u<l Wisconsin.
'i These are some of the decisions undoubted,y
li to which the President referred. The Senator
