74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] declares that the
Republican party admit the right of a Territory,
When it is about to form a State government, to
determine whether it will tolerate or exclude sla-
very. He agrees to the decisions of the Supreme
Court in that respect. I have listened with great
attention to the remarks of my colleague on this
and former occasions, but I do not yet know
whether he agrees ordisagrees to that proposition.
Be that as it may, however, if this be true, what
becomes of that ominous paragraph in the plat-
form of the Republican party of Ohio, reiterated
in the instructions of the present Ohio Legisla-
ture, that no more l<$lave States" shall be admitted
into this Union? What becomes of the loud,
but as it would now seem entirely delusive, asser-
tion, that the act of March 6, 3 820, consecrated
Nebraska and Kansas to freedom for all time?
How can my predecessor (Governor Chase) and
the other Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Sumner,] not now m his scat, justify their pro-
nunciamiento agamst the first Kansas-Nebraska
bill, which did not propose to repeal the act of
1820, but which merely declared that those Ter-
ritories should be admitted into the Union with
or without slavery, as their people might determ-
ine at the time of their admission as States into
the Union? I
Sir, it seems to me that this dilemma is very i
palpable. Either the Republicans do claim that j
Congress shall dictate terms of admission in this j
particular, which the Senator from llhnoisadmits, |
and whieh the Supreme Court has decided to be 1
unconstitutional; or else the Republican orators
have misled their people into the belief that the
Missouri act of 1820 had the character of a per-
manent regulation; whereas it was temporary,
and must soon have lost all its effect.
But all these Senators insist that the doctrines
of the Republican party must be ascertained from
its platform. The Senator from New Hampshire
has never seen any man anywhere who advanced
the doctrine of the power of Congress to legis-
late on the subject of slavery within the States.
The Senator from Massachusetts has seen several
such, and supposes they amount in all to some
thousands. The Senator from Illinois says that
doctrine has been repudiated distinctly in the
Philadelphia platform. The Senator from Maine
Bays the Republicans disavow all connection
with men who prof.-ss that doctrine.
Mr. FliSSENDEN". All connection with their
principles.
Mr. PUGII. 1 accept the qualification. It is
perfectly immaterial to me. When questioned
closely, however, he acknowledged that this dis-
avowal was not contained m ^the Philadelphia
platform; but then he said it was made in all the
Republican newspapers. When referred to the
Now York Tribune, however, lie admitted that
all the Republican newspapers did not pursue
that course—but only some of them; which, to
be sure, he does not tell us—none that I remem-
ber.
Mr. PESSENDEN, I take it that the Senator
recollects my explanation, k was that a party
in making its platform does not undertake to
assert what it does not hold—what it does not
agree to—but what are its positive principles; and |
there wae no necessity for the Republican party j
to set forth in detail what doctrines it did not '
maintain, but only those which it did hold, j
That party does not deal in negatives. i
Mr. PLGH. It seems to me, with all due j
respect to the Senator, that there is nothing in \
that proposition. The Cincinnati platform is j
full of resolutions denying the power of Congress j
to do this, that, and the other. The platform of j
the old Whig party was full of negative resolu- j
tions; and, in fact, there are propositions in the i
Philadelphia platform of a negative character.
A party as much osves it to itsHf to declare its
opinion against a particular measure as for it—
against a particular course of legislation and a
particular claim of power as for it.
^Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the Cincinnati
platform disclaim all connection with the prin-
ciples of those men ? Does that deny them ?
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENOEN. Where ?
Mr. PUGH. I will sh ow the gentleman the
difference between the platforms presently,
Mr. FES3ENDEN. I do riot ask for the
difference; I aak where (he Cincinnati platform
distinctly disavows its disbelief in the principles
of the ultra-Abolitionists ?
Mr. PUGH. It declares that Congress has no
power to legislate or encroach upon the institu-
tion of slavery in the States. That resolution
is twelve years old. It was proposed probably
before 1844; I think perhaps as early as 1836.
But now, Mr. President, I declare, as my opinion,
that the second resolution of the Philadelphia
platform, if it has any signification, affirms that
Congress can and should refuse to admit any new
State into the Union, except upon the condition
that slavery shall forever excluded from its
borders, and furthermore, shall so legislate as to
abolish slavery in the States which now tolerate
it. I have that resolution before me; I will read
it:
" 2. Resolved, That, with our republican fathers, we hold
it to bo a self-evident tiuth that all men are endowed with
the inalienable right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-
piness; and that the primary object and ulterior design of
our Federal Government were to secure those rights to all
persons within its exclusive jurisdiction ; that as our repub-
lican fathers, when they had abolished slavery in all our
national territory, ordained that no person should be de-
prived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of
law, it becomes our duty to maintain this provision of the
Constitution against all attempts to violate it, to prevent
the establishment of slavery m the Territories of the Uni-
ted States by positive legislation prohibiting its existence
therein. And we deny the authority of Congress, of aTer-
utorial Legislature, of any individual or association of indi-
viduals, to giv<> legal existence to slavery m any Territory
of tiie Un*:ed States while the present Constitution shall be
maintained."
Now, if neither Congress, nor a Territorial Le-
gislature, nor any individual or association, not
even a convention of delegates to form a State
constitution, can give legal existence to slavery
under the Constitution of the United States, as
here asserted, there certainly can never be an-
other slaveholding State admitted into the Union.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will allow
mo, T will call hisWtention to one of the articles
of the Philadelphia platform, which reads in this
way:
Revolved, That the maintenance of the principles pro-
mulgated in ttie Declaration of Independence, and embodied
m the Federal Constitution, n essential to the preservation
of our republican institutions; and that the Federal Con-
stitution, the rights of the States, and the Union of the
States, shall be preserved."
Mi. PUGH. It seems to me, with due respect
to the Senator, that nothing is gained by that
suggestion. The question, what are the rights
of the States, is still to be ascertained. These
gentlemen profess to he in favor of the Union.
I do not call in question their devotion to it, but
certainly during the last summer I was astonished,
and I may say I was ashamed, as an American
citizen, to hear the proposition made, or reported
as having been made, by one of the leaders of
their party—T mean the present Speaker of the
House of Representatives—that he could look
forward complacently to the time when the whole
of this Union, or rather the domain now contained
in it, could he consolidated under a central mili-
tary despotism ! If that be the Union, I wish
none of it. But I was about to endeavor to
deduce an exact proposition from the language
of this resolution, and, with the permission of
the Senate, I will state the propositions which it
seems to me are unavoidable from it.
1. If neither Congress, nor a Territorial Legis-
lature, nor any individual or association, not
even a convention of delegates to form a State
constitution, can "give legal existence to sla-
very "under the Constitution of the United States,
(as here asserted,) there certainly never can be
another slaveholding State established or ad-
mitted.
2. The resolution does not content itself with
a denial ot the power of Congress to establish
slavery; but declares that a duty is imposed on
Congress to prohibit " its existence" forever in I
the Territories, by virtue of a clause of the Con- j
slitution particularly specified. That clause (the '
fifth amendment) applies to the States and the I
Territories in equal degree; and if it imposes the i
duty here asserted in respect to the Territories, 1
it can impose no less duty m respect to the !
States.
That this second resolution was intended to
have a larger operation than merely to affirm the
power of Congress over the Territories—to pro-
hibit or abolish slavery in them—is evident from
the fact, thatanothcr and separate resolution (the
tlurd) has been devoted to that subject. Hereitis;
" Thatthe Constitution confers upon Congress sovereign
power over the Territories of the United States for their
government, and that in the exercise of this power it is
both the right and the duty of Congress to prohibit in its
Territories those twin relics of barbarism, polygamy and
slavery.57
And the platform expressly invites (resolution
ninth) the cooperation of those very men whom
the Senator from Maine says it repels. Let us
hear it:
" That we invite the affiliation and cooperation of the
men of all parties, however differing from us in other re-
spects, in support of the principles herein declared."
If we turB-from the platform to the conduct of
the Republican party, we shall have equal occa-
sion to be astonished at the declarations which
have been made. 1 understand those Senators to
assert that the Republican party ostentatiously
disavowed all purpose to interfere with slavery
in the States. Why, sir, there is no question
connected with the institution of slavery in the
States which is of more vital concern, which
engaged a larger share of the deliberations of
those who framed the Constitution, than an
effectual method for the redelivery of fugitives.
1 have before me an act passed on the 6th of April,
1856, by the Legislature which has reelected my
colleague to this body, the purpose, the inevitable
effect of which is to obstruct and defeat the act
of Congress for the redelivery of fugitive slaves.
I have heard it stated on this floor that a similar
statute has been passed at some time or other by
the Legislature of Vermont. It has been passed
by the Legislature of Massachusetts, and I believe
by the Legislature of Michigan, and certainly by
the Legislature of Wisconsin—bodies which are
as authorized exponents of the views of the
Republican party as the Philadelphia Convention
itself.
It may, however, be objected that this fugitive
slave act is odious. Odious in what particular?
Odious, as you all know, because it redelivers
the fugitive to his master. That is its odious
feature. That it is agamst which these gentle-
men protest. I have before me a resolution,
presented by my colleague at the last session,
from the present Republican Legislature of Ohio,
instructing him and me to use our best exertions
to procure the repeal of that act at the earliest
practicable moment—not its amendment—not the
removal of any objectionable details—not its
reconstruction, but its utter and total repeal, so
that this clause of the Constitution shall stand
altogether unsupported by any legislation of the
Federal Government. I have often before pro-
pounded the question; I will propound it now,
probably with no better success than heretofore
—what fugitive slave law will these Senators agree
to? Why have they never, in the course of all
their public career, either as members of this
body or as members of the respective State Legis-
latures, proposed any bill which would suit .their
construction of the Constitution of the United
States ?
If this persistent refusal in every shape and
form, by legislation, to carry out an express
provision of the Constitution—not merely this
neglect of duty, but this positive attempt to pro-
hibit and obstruct it—if this be not a direct and
palpable assault on the relation of slavery within
the States, I confess myself unable to understand
the force of phrases in the English language.
What does the Constitution say? It is perhaps
refreshing in these times to understand what we
are required to do. The second section of the
fourth article of the Constitution provides:
person held to service or labor m one State, under
the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
quence of any law or regulation therein, be dischar«ed
from any pueh servicc or labor, but shall 6e delii:c.tpri up on
claim ot the party to whom such service or labor mav be
due." J
And yet, as I have said, the present Legisla-
ture of Ohio has passed its law arming its local
courts, its county courts, judges of irresponsible
degree, its constables, its sheriff's, with the power,
and commanding them, under heavy penalties of
fine, to wrest from the custody of the marshal
of the United States a fugitive slave who may be
taken in obedience to the law which Congress has
passed. That this enactment, and every one like
it, will be declared to be null and unconstitutional by
the Supreme Court on final appeal, 1 have not the
least doubt; but meanwhile what will be Hs effect?
To embroil the neighboring States of Kentucky
and Virginia with the State of Ohio; to give court-
