1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W
tenance to the ten thousand schemes which have
been set on foot to interfere with the property of
our neighbors on the southern side of the Ohio; to
renew those mobs, those controversies, and those
disputes which have done more a thousand-fold
to alienate the South and the North than all the
controversies which have arisen in respect to the
Territories.
The Senator from Maine says that the Repub-
licans only object to the extension of slavery into
Territories " now free." The Philadelphia plat-
form contains no such qualification; but declares
that slavery is to be excluded from all Territo-
ries. The platform denies the power of a Terri-
torial Legislature, or even of a constitutional
convention, when the Territory is on the eve of
admission as a State into the Union, to establish
or otherwise tolerate slavery. The Senator from
Illinois .affirms that such a convention can estab-
lish it; and so in effect the Supreme Court has
repjatedly deeided.
The platform contradicts itself; for whereas
it declares that Congress cannot establish, but
must prohibit slavery in the Territories, it also
declares that Congress has been clothed with
" sovereign power" over them (the Territories)
by the Constitution.
In fact, sir, the right of Congress to legislate
upon the subject of slavery in the Territories is
derived by the Senator from Vermont from this
pretense of sovereign power in Congress. Sov-
ereign power! Whence is it derived? Not from
the Constitution of the United States. There is
no such phrase in it—no clause from which any
power of that description could reasonably be in-
ferred. What is sovereign power ? Here is old
father Blackstone's definition:
" Legislature, as was before observed, is the greatest act
of superiority that can be exercised by one being over j
another. Wherefore it is requisite to the very essence of a |
law, that it be made by the supreme power Sovereignty j
and legislature are, indeed, convertible terms, one cannot
subsist without the other." j
If gentlemen merely mean to declare that Con- !
gress has power to set on foot, to establish, and '
within tl?e. limitations of the Constitution to con-
trol a territorial government, I have no objection
to that; but this is not the meaning. 1 he ex-
pression " sovereign power" is used in the
Philadelphia platform to imply a right to bind,
absolutely and arbitrarily, against their will, the
inhabitants of the Territories. In other words,
it is the power which is claimed for the English
Parliament. Blackstone (] Black. Com., 1G0)
declares, that in England Parliament is the sover-
eign power. He goes on:
"The power and jurisdiction of Parliament, says Sir
Edward Coke, is so transcendent and absolute, that it can-
not be confined, either for causes or persons, within any
bounds."
That is what is claimed in the Philadelphia
platform for Congress, as respects the Terri-
tories.
" And of this high court he adds : It may be truly said :
1 Si antiquitatem species, est vetitstisshna ; si di^nitateiA,
est konoratissima; 'si juri-sdictioncm est capacissana.' It
hath sovereign and uncontrollable authority m the making,
confirming, enlarging, restraining, abrogating, repealing,
reyiving, and expounding of laws, concerning matters of
all possible denominations, ecclesiastical or temporal, civil,
military, maritime, or criminal—this being the place where
that absolute despotic power, which must in all Govern-
ments reside somewhere, is intrusted by the constitution of
these kingdoms. AH mischiefs and grievances, operations
and remedies, that transcend the ordinary cour&e of the
laws, are within the reach of this extraordinary tribunal.
It can regulate or new model the sueees«ion to the crown,
as was done m the reign of Henry VIII. and William III.
It can alter the established religion of the land, as wa* I
done m a variety of instances in the reigns of King Uenr\ ,
VIII. and his three children. It can change and crcatc afresh
even the constitution of the kingdom, and of Parliaments'
themselves, was done by the act of union, and th<*
several statutes for triennial and septennial elections, it
can, in short, 'o everything that is not naturally impossi-
ble ; and, therefore, some have not t?crnpled to call us
power, by a figure rather too bold, the omnipotence of Par-"
liamcnt. True it is that what the Parliament doth, no
authority on earth can undo."
Mr. Christian addsin a note:
" The omnipotence of Parliament signifies nothing more
than the. supreme sovereign power of the State, ora power
of action uncontrolled by "any superior.'1
The assertion is, that the Constitution has con-
ferred upon Congress sovereign, that is to say,
arbitrary, unlimited, absolute power over the
citizens of the United States inhabiting the Terri-
tories. This claim of " sovereign power" in
Congress over the Territories cannot be derived
from the Constitution. It is copied, almost liter-
ally, from the acts and resolutions of the British
Parliament and the speeches of British ministers
in the days of George III. That Parliament
claimed " sovereign power" over the thirteen
American Colonies. Charles Townshend said,
in the House of Commons, May 13, 1767:
" It became Parliament not to engage in controversy
with its Colonies, but to assert Us sovereignty
It is urged, sometimes, that Congress should
govern the Territories as an absolute sovereign,
because the territorial organizations are main-
tained, to a limited extent, by the Federal rev-
enue. The answer (and aconclusive one) is, that
the Government of the United States owns an
immense public domain in the Territories, and
prefers to charge itself with a portion of the
territorial expenses rather than to pay its reason-
able share of taxes as a landed proprietor.
But the same argument exactly was employed
in support of the claim for sovereign power in
Parliament over the American Colonies:
" Our interests (it was said) are sacrificed to their inter-
ests; we are to pay infinite taxes, and they none ; we are
to be burdened that they may be eased."—Bancroft's
United States, vol. 6, p. 64.
The third resolution of the Philadelphia plat-
form finds its original in the resolution proposed
by the Duke of Grafton, in the British Mouse of
Peers, February 3, 1766:
"That the King m Parliament has full power to bind
the Colonies and people of America in all cases whatso-
ever."
Listening to the speech of the Senator from
"Vermont yesterday, I was reminded of the famous
debate upon this resolution. Senators on the j
other side will find their speeches aptly counter- j
feited, or rather anticipated, by one or another ;
of King George's supporters.
Lord Lyttelton said: #
" If you exempt the American Colonies from one statute
or law, jou make them independent communities. If
opinions of thi« weight are to be taken up and argued upon,
through mistake or timidity, we shall have Lycurguses and
Solons in eveiy coffee-hou!-e, tavern, and gin-shop m Lon-
don."—Bancroft, vol. 5, p. 402.
It was extremely distasteful to his lordship that
common people, " squatters,"4' border ruffians,"
and the like, should presume to discuss political
questions, or even to understand their own inter-
ests, much less to decide the nature and character
of their own institutions. The Chancellor, Lord
Northington, said:
" I cannot sit silent, upon doctrines being laid down so
new, so unmaintainable, and so unconstitutional. In every
State there must be a supreme dominion; every Govern-
ment can arbitrarily impose laws on all its subjects, by
winch all are bound; and resistance to laws that are even
contrary to the benefit and safety of the whole is at the
risik of life and fortune."—Ibid., p. 404.
Our historian (Bancroft) remarks in this con-
nection that
" Benjamin Franklin stood listening below the bar, while ;
the highest judicial magistrate of Great Britain was assert- |
ing the absolute, unconditional dependence of the Colonies i
on Parliament, and advising radical changes m their con-
stitutions."
Lord Mansfield also delivered his opinion:
"The colonists, by the condition on which they migrated,
settled, and now exist, are more emphatically subjects of
Great Britain than those within tin: realm ; and the British
Legislature have, in every instance. e\ercised their right of
legislation o\er thein without any dispute or questiou, till
the fourteenth ot January last."'
As it has been asserted on this floor, that the
citizens of your State, Mr. President, and of mine
owe but a limited degree of allegiance to this
Government, but that when they have passed
beyond our borders into the Territories they
become subject to this absolute and uncontrollable
authority of Congress; and 1 was reminded of
Lord Mansfield by the air of unconcern, or rather
of self-complacency, with which the Senator from
Vermont assured us yesterday, that this power
of Congress over the Territories had never been
questioned until within a few years, He was
like Lord Mansfield, who was amazed at the im-
pudence of new propositions. It was enough for
him that the power of Parliament had never been
denied; and, like the Senator from Vermont, he
scorned to argue such a question.
But, sir, there were men even in those days
imbued with the spirit of public liberty, to
denounce all such doctrines. On the 7th of
March, 1766, in the House of Commons, " on
the third reading of the bill declaratory of the
absolute power of Parliament to bind Araerica>"
William Pitt, the elder, moved to leave out the
claim of right in all cases whatsoever- The his
torian says:
*' The amendment was rejected, and henceforward Atner
ica would have to resist, in the Parliament of England, a?
France in its King, a claim of absolute, '^responsible, Jegis
lative power."—5 Bancroft, p. 444.
And on March 7,1766, in the House of Lords,
Camden—immortal name!—thus delivered his
sentiments:
" The declaratory bill now lying on your table is absolutely
illegal; contrary to the fundamental laws of this Constitu-
tion—a Constitution grounded on the eternal and immuta-
ble laws of nature—a Constitution whose foundation and
center is liberty—which sends liberty to every subject that
is, or may happen to be, within any part of its ample cir-
cumference: Nor, my lords, is the doctrine new; it was
as old as the Constitution; it grew up with it; indeed, ft
is its support; taxation and representation are inseparably
united; God hath joined them ; no British Parliament can
separate them; to endeavor to do it is to gtab our very
vitals. My position is this—I repeat it—I wiJI maintain it
to my last hour—taxation and representation are insepara-
ble. Whatever is a man's own is absolutely his own; no
man hath a right to take it from him without his consent,
either expressed by himself or his representative; whoever
attempts to do it attempts an injury; whoever does it com-
mits a robbery."
Our colonial ancestors agreed with Pitt and
Camden. For what did Washington, Adams,
Jefferson, Hancock, and their illustrious associ-
ates, appeal to arms? I will tell you: because the
people of ike colonies had no representation in Par-
liament, and for a legislature to exercise absolute
authority—6 i sovereignpower91 over a community thus
deprived of all influence in its deliberations—was a
despotism not to be endured. (Bancroft, vol. 5, p.
441.) Here is what was said by a distinguished
Virginian of that day, Richard Bland, in the
Virginia House of Delegates:
c< The Colonies are not represented in Parliament; con-
sequently no new law made without the concurrence of
their representatives can bind them; every act of Parlia-
ment that imposes internal taxes upon the Colonies is an
act of power, and not a right; and power abstracted from
right cannot give a just title to dominion."
Our fathers spoke for themselves on this sub-
ject. They published to the world not such a
crafty instrument as the Senator from Vermont
yesterday attempted to draw; but a plain and
distinct declaration of the causes which impelled
them to throw off their allegiance to the British
crown. They arraigned King George upon spe-
cific accusations. Here is one of them:
ii He has combined1 with others" [the English Parlia-
ment] "to subject us to % jurisdiction foreign to our Con-
stitution, and unacknowledged by our laws—giving his as-
sent to their acts of pretended legislation."
Here are some of these "acts of pretended
legislation'' specified:
:i For abolishing the free system of English laws in a
neighboring province," [Canada]" establishing therein an
arbitrary Government, and enlarging its boundaries, so as
to render it at once an example aud St instrument for in-
troducing the same absolute rule into these Colonies.1' * *
" For suspending our own Legislatures, and dec hiring them-
selves invested with power to legislate for us in all cases
whatsoever."
Our ancestors declared, in the same instru-
ment, as a fundamental proposition, that all Gov-
ernments derive "their just powers from the con-
sent of the governed."
Now, sir, the inhabitants of the Territories are
not represented in Congress: and yet the Repub-
lican platform declares that Congress shall exer-
cise absolute, " sovereign,'i arbitrary power over
them. Yet my colleague says that the Repub-
lican party baSfes itself upon the Declaration of
Independence!
My colleague declares that it is not because
slavery is inhuman, or immoral, that he will vote
for an act of Congress to restrain its extension,
xsot at all; but only because it is inexpedient.
Well, then, he has the less excuse for an unau-
thorized intervention—an assumption of power
not delegated to Congress by the Constitution.
One might almost be pardoned for adopting such
a course in order to restrain inhumanity or im-
morality; but when it comes to a mere question
of expediency, and nothing else, there can be no
justification.
The Senator from Maine would have slavery
prohibited in the Territories by act of <
because that institution (as he claims) has weak-
ened the States in which itis already established,
and he will have no more such States in the
Union. And yet he admits that what Congress
cannot do directly it ought not to attempt indi-
rectly; and admits, also* that Congress has no
power, to dictate whether slavery shall ar shall
