M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
not exist within a. State. Is it possible for any
man to involve himself in a more palpable con-
u.-uh'-tion than this?
Th
thai
the Territories by act of Congress is to pr
its ever being established by the people when
those Territories come to be admitted as States;
and yet that Senator and the Senator from Maine
abuse ihe Pie&idont for his conclusion, that the
prohibition of slavery in the Territories by act
of Congress is but a scheme for dictating, indi-
rectly, thedomestie institutions of tin* new Slates.
The Senator from Vermont also asserted that
the people.of the northern States cannot live in
relations of domestic peace and quiet in the same
community with people of the southern States.
My friend from Mississippi [Mr. Adams] at-
tempted to set him right yesterday, but as he did
"They have asserted the constitutional equality of<each
and all of the States of the Union as States; they have
affirmed the constitutional equality of each and all of the
citizens of the United States as citizens, whatever their
, j claimed their devoted and unalterable attachment to the
! i Union and ttie Constitution, as objects of interest supenor
:i to all subjects of local or .sectnm.il controversy, as the safe-
guaid oi the right* of ail, as the spirit and the essence of the
liberty, peace, and gieatne^ of the Republic."
The question to which the Senator from Illi-
nois adverts did not enter into the issue; nor is
it of the least consequence. What a Territorial
Legislature can do, or cannot do, in respect of
slavery, is no question for us. If it should ex-
clude slavery, or tolerate slavery,-whichever you
please, the man who wishes to contest its power,
one way or another, can betake himself to the
iudicial tribunals and have his case decided. The
J . . . • . _ . 1 . . rr  1 t 1_.  
not Lave a fair opportunity to do so, I would like I! issue is not what a Territorial Legislature can do;
to call tiie attention of the Senate and of ihe
country to the fact, that there are nearly half a !
million more people born in the northern States
now actually residents—not temporary or tran-
sient persons, but actually residents—in slave-
holding" Stales, than there are of persons born
in slaveholdmg States residing; m the northern
States. It appears from the census returns of
1850,that
No ies.v tli.m H'ven hundred and twenty-^y thousand
font bundled and liti.v were living in .Mawlioldiiiir Stale-;
who were natives or* mm-^hivohnlding States, and two
hundred and thirty two tliou-and one hundred and twelve
!<ei>onrtliving ui mm slavehoidmg State*. whowcic natnes
of ^aveholdinjj States."
It scorns we have a greater proclivity to emi-
grate than our friends on the other aide of the
hm*.
Mr. President, if has been charged in the course
of this discussion, that the Democratic party in
the northern Stales avoided the real issue during
the hue presidential canvass. What was the real
issue? The Senator from says it was,
whether a Territorial Legislature has or has not
power to abolish slavery? I find no such issue
propounded in either the Republican or the Dem-
ocratic. platform. Tin- foimer declares, to be
Kure, that a Territorial X^egi-slalmv ramuU estab-
lish slavei y, but hills to declare whether it can or ;
cannot exclude it. i find that tin; Republican
platform asserts an absolute/ power in Congress
over the Territories: I find that denied in the
Demonnitc platform
1 lind the Republican platform insisting upon
legislation by Congress to exclude shivei y from
all the Temtotics of the (Tinted States; I find in
the Democratic platform a declaialiou that Con-
li'ress has no authority, under the Constitution,
to enact such laws.
I lind in the Republican platform a substantial
^assertion of the power oi Congress to '* prevent"
fihivery within the States; i find that repudiated,
in I lie strongest terms, by the Democratic plat-
fuim,
Lastly, sir, I find in the Republican platform
an exhortation to the disumonusts—whom the
Senator from New Hampshire has never seen,
but whom the Senator from Massachusetts has
seen, and now denounces, and whom the Senator
from Maine denounces also, whether he has seen
them or not—an exhortation to these and all
other factiomsts, of every sort and hue,
" Black spirits and white,
Ked spuits and grey/'
to join a crusade to be prosecuted against the :
sourhern States; and, upon the other hand, I find !
in the Democratic platform an earnest appeal,
both to the southern States and the northern !
States, by all they have attained and all they can ij
hope, by the memories of our heroic age, by the Ij
argument of ancient concord, by the adjuration ij
of a common ancestry, a common history, all
common glory, and a common destiny, to rise |l
above the squabbles of sectionalism,-the arts of !l
demagogues, and all the cant of these distempered ij
times, that they, together, in Union and m ij
peace, may run their great careers, and fill the
world with fame.
^ The issue thus joined by the two parties in'
their platforms hasgone to the country; and upon
it, after much argument and deliberation, the i'l
country has pronounced a final verdict. H
The President has clearly interpreted that ver-jl
diet in ojic admirable sentence: .
the issue is what Cnngre a can do; and that, in my
opinion, is nothing at all.
If Congress will leave this whole question to
the inhabitants of the several Territories, to be
decided m each case without its intervention, and
when, and as the inhabitants may choose, or may
be able, to decide it, we shall have 110 further oc-
casion of controversy and schism. And Con-
gress must do that, or the Union will totter to
destruction.
I do not declare this in a factious spirit; I ex-
press only the deliberate convictions of my judg-
ment; and i express them not in anger, but in
sorrow.
It is also charged that the Democratic party
has not dared, in some of the noithern States, to
defend the principles and policy of the Kansas-
Nebraska act. I should not allude to this at all
but for a statement m the Grlobc newspaper yes-
tciday, purportiiig^to have been made by two
of the Representatives from Ohio in the other
House of Congress. 1 refer to it, of course, as a
statement in a newspaper, not as a speech. I
have great personal regard for those gentlemen,
and do not believe they would intentionally mis-
represent the positions of their political oppo-
nents; nor can I undertake, at this late hour, to
c.ontiovei t the various details which they have
related. The Demociatic party of Ohio will be
defended m that House at the next session by its
own able and gallant champions. Suffice it, for
the present, to declare that 1 do not know a
Democrat in the State—and my acquaintance is
an extensive one—who dissents fruin the prin-
ciples expressed in the Cincinnati platform and
embodied m the Kansas-Nebraska hi 11. There
may bo such a man: I cannot say that there is
none Huch; but, I can say, and will hay, that I
have not bc< n able to find him. In all the
speeches which I heaul, and upon all the ban-
ners which I saw, duung the Into canvass, there
was no sentiment 1 should hesitate to aflirin in
this presence, or before the Union at huge.
Why, sir, wo could not have avoided that
issue it we had chosen. Besides the Cincinnati
platform,which was printed in all the newspapers,
and was the theme of incessant discourse, there
is the platform of the Democratic State Conven-
tion, which assembled dt Columbus m January
I last. It declared
| ^That slavery iV a domestic institution, and that Con-
j gre«-> ha> neither the powei to legislate a into any Tprri-
| toiy or State, nor to exeittde u thecefiom, but to leave the
i people theieot peiteetl} lree to form and iemulate their
| domestic institution* in then own ay, subject only to the
1 Constitution of the United States."
That is the very language of the Nebraska bill.
The resolutions of the Democratic State Conven-
tion continue:
"wn'iat *'ie °f the people of each particular State
anil territory to establish tlioir own constitution oi form
of government, to choose and regulate rlieir own domestic
institution* of evoiy kind, and to legi-i.ue for them-eIves
is a fundamental principle of all free government: and that'
it is the t-elf s«aine imht to secure'which oin anceMors
wa^rcd the war ot the ItevuiiUian—a right Ivin« «u the vciv
foundation of all our fiee institution*, reeoij.nzod in the
Declaration of Frulependence, and established bv the Oon-
snuitmn of the United r'trUe* ; and we hereby nuloue and
leamrm tins now disputed pinicipJe.''1
These resolutions only assert what the Dem-
ocratic State Convention of Ohio asserted in Jan-
uary, 1848, upon the issue as then piesented.
After expressing the ^ opposition of the entire
people' of Ohio, without any distinction of
t. parties^ to the institution of slavery, '
evil, li
and unfavorable to the development of tlie spirit
and practical benefits of free institutions," the
Convention declared:
" But be it further resolved, That the Democracy of Ohio
do, at the same time, fully recognize the doctrine hold up
by the early fathers of the Rppubbe, and st?ll maintained
by the Democratic party m all the States, that to each State
belongs the right to adopt and modify its own municipal
laws, to legulate its own internal affairs, to hold and main-
tain an equal and independent sovereignty with each and
every State, and that upon these lights the National Legis-
lature can neither legislate noi encroach.3''
The resolutions of 1856 are but an amplifica-
tion of these.
I might complain, on the other hand, if it were
worth while, against the course of our opponent*?.
We were charged, and are to this day, with de-
siring, and in fact designing, to extend the insti-
tution of slavery into Territories where it does
not now exist. The only pretext upon which
tlrs accusation could be founded at all is, that we
refuse to vote for any act of Congress to prevent
its extension. Well, sir, we believe that Con-
gress has no constitutional authority to pass an
act of this description; and that, as it is for the
inhabitants of each State, new and old, to exclude
or admit slavery at discretion, Congress ought
not to usurp their rights and privileges as Amer-
ican citizens during the territorial form of gov-
ernment. To charge us with desiring or pro-
moting the extension of slavery because we can-
not vote for a congressional prohibition, is quite
as illogical and absurd as the accusation, made
three or four years ago, that we were m favor of
intemperance, vice, and crime, because we would
not vote for a law to imprison every man who
drank a mouthful of ardent spirits or a glass of
wine.
The Senator from Vhginia [Mr. M\sox] is
peifbctly welcome to his opinion as to the cfk-ci
of the Constitution upon the territorial organiza-
tion. I am neither called upon to agree nor dis-
agree to it, because that question, as I have said,
never can come before us, as we have disclaimed
in the Nebraska bill all jurisdiction on the part
of Congress over the subject. I am no more
hound to enter my dissent, or to engage in any
- controversy with him on those questions, than if
I he should declare that, in his opinion, Indian corn
, CHiId he cut with more advantage by the labor
I of African slaves than the labor of hired men, in
I which opinion I should certainly disagree with
j him.
1 I said, sir, that the country had decided between
i the Republican and Democratic parties. My own
j State, which I love and cherish with all ihe afl'ec-
i tion of a son, did not give her electoral votes for
Mr. Buchanan; but 170,903 of her patriotic, hon-
est, and industrious citizens indicated him as their
preference. Colonel Fremont received 157,497
votes,and Mr Fillmore 28,125 votes. T1 lis, pi ac-
tually, is a drawn battle; and yet the Senators
from New Hampshire and Illinois talk to me of
the " overwhelming sentiment" of Ohio m favor
of the Republican party and its candidate. I
have discovered no such sentiment in my neigh-
borhood. One fact, at least, is beyond question-
; mg. 1 shall have eight, and probably nine, Dcm-
j ocratic Representatives from Ohio to assist me in
| the next Congress.
j The Senator from New York postpones the
I further argument of these questions for four
j years, until the next presidential campaign; and
; my colleague, as well as the Senator from Mas-
j sachusetts, is perfectly confident that they will
; be undoubtedly successful upon that occasion,
j We have heard all this before. I believe that
J my colleague prophesied one hundred thousand
majority in Ohio for Colonel Fremont; at least if
j lie did not. one of ins political friends promised
j as much in a speech at the Philadelphia Conven-
j tion. The Senator from Massachusetts was not
i only certain of his success, as he told us during
j the last session of Congress upon that subject"
' but he assured us upon one occasion, if 1 remem-
; ber rightly, that the Republican party would have
■ a majority in the Senate somewheio about the
first of January next. My impression is, that in
a dialogue between the Senator from California
and myself that occurred. That lie did pror.hf <y
on every occasion when he took the floor 'is in-
i disputable. Sir, they did not frighten us then
witn all the accessories which were calculated to
prevent a fair consideration of this question in
the minds of the northern people; and 1 can assure
