1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W
those Senators, that if this contest must come, we
shall be as ready to beat them then as we have
now.
For my own part, Mr. President and Senators,
I desire and hope that the sectional contest in
Which we have indulged for almost three years
will soon be hushed and forgotten. There are
many topics of vital interest to the American
people, and to the world, related in this message.
Of vital interest as connected with foreign affairs,
with commerce, and arts, and agriculture, with
the colonization of our Pacific domain, with the
development of our mighty physical resources
and untamed spirit of enterprise. Let us turn
from the constant jealousies of the North toward
the South, and the South toward the North, to
proceed in that path of national achievement
which now invites our care, and challenges our
ambition—as the imperial bird of the Republic
lifts his proud pinions to soar above the defile-
ments of earth, and the midway clouds, in order
to bask in the undimmed glory of the central
sphere.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I have been
referred to in this debate by maay Senators, and
I desire to address the Senate upon the subject.
I should prefer, however, to go on to-morrow.
I understand that the venerable Senator from
Michigan wishes to address the Senate, and is
willing to proceed at this time. I yield the floor
to him with the understanding that I may go on
to-morrow.
Mr. CASS. I have not much to say. All that
I desire is to say something on a topic which has
been very well touched by the Senator from Ohio,
arising out of a claim made by the Senator from
Illinois in respect to a decision of the Supreme
Court. I desired to examine that matter, but my
design has been superseded by the Senator from
Ohio. If the Senate will listen to me I can say
now what I have to say; but if the Senate prefer
to postpone it until to-morrow, I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. BUTLER. If the Senator is not prepared
to go on at this time, I think we ought, on a
topic of this kind, to allow him until to-morrow.
I move, therefore, that the Senate do now ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 10, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the question first
in order was upon the motion of Mr. Campbell,
of Ohio, that the President's message be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and that ten thousand copies thereof,
with the accompanying documents, be printed;
and that upon that motion the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Walker] was entitled to the flooi.
A message m writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Sidxey Web-
ster, his Private Secretary.
SECURITY OF PASSENGERS OX VESSELS
PROPELLED BY STEAM.
Mr. WASIJBURN, of Maine. I ask the unan-
imous consent'of the House that House bill No.
92, further to amend an act to provide for the better
security of the lives of passengers on board of
vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam,
and for other purposes, which was made the
special order for the 3d of this month, be further
postponed, and made a special order for one week
from to-day. The House is not m a situation to
take it up this morning.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. To what day was.
it postponed ?
The SPEAKER. To the 3d day of December,
which day is now passed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then it does not
come up to-day, does it?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mi*. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I object.
Let it take ifs chance on the Calendar.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE,
Mr. WALKER. I am, Mr. Speaker, entitled
to the floor this morning, but I fear that I have
not strength enough to speak to-day. I am much
out of health, and unless the House desire that
this matter shall be disposed of to-day, I should
be much gratified with a brief postponement of
the subject* I do not fnow whether the House
is in a condition to enter upon the regular busi-
ness of the session or not, but if consistent, I
desire to have the matter postponed until the day
after to-morrow. Unless objection is made, I
submit a motion to that effect.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I trust that
will not be done. If the gentleman does not
desire to go on, I have a few remarks I desire to
submit.
Mr. WALKER. I desire to be frank with
the gentleman from Maine, and with the House.
I had no thought in addressing the House of
following up the line of debate pursued by gen-
tlemen who have thus far spoken. It was my
desire to call the attention of the House, and
through it, the attention of the country, to that
portion of the President's message referring to
our relations with the Central American States.
I am not well enough to go on to-day. 1 could
not do justice to myself or to the subject. If I
field to the request of the gentleman from Maine,
believe, from the strong vote given by the
House yesterday on a call for the previous-ques-
tion, that when "that motion is submitted again it
will h§ sustained, and in all likelihood I may lose
my chance to express my opinions upon the sub-
ject to which I have referred.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I would say to the gentle-
man from Alabama, that if he does not feel able
to go on, but yields the floor, 1, for one, am per-
fectly willing to say that he shall have the floor
on Thursday or Friday; and I presume that
other gentlemen on this side of the House are
ready to say the same.
Air. SMITH, of Virginia. I wish to suggest
to the gentleman from AlabalUa that the day after
to-morrow is Friday, aday dedicated to the consid-
eration of private bills, and I am opposed to any
interruption of that business.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose that, with an un-
derstanding in accordance with the suggestion of |
the gentleman from Ohio, (Mr. Giddin'Gs,] my
colleague might yield the floor, and would be
permitted to proceed hereafter.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentle-
man postpone it until Monday ?
Mr. WALKER. Until Monday or Tuesday,
,Mr. HOUSTON. Without a postponement,
but with the understanding indicated by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, I suppose my colleague would
yield the floor to other gentlemen who desire to
speak—he not being in a condition to carry on the
debate. [Cries of " Agreed !" *' Agreed!"]
Mr. WALKER. In order to close this matter,
so that we may go on, I will yield the floor, and
run the risk of obtaining the floor hereafter,
throwing myself upon the courtesy of the House
to obtain the floor on Monday or Tuesday next.
Mr. PHELPS. I have a suggestion or two to
make upon this subject. We are all desirous to
have the President's message and accompanying
documents printed as soon as possible, that they
may be laid upon our tables. Yesterday I moved
the previous question upon the motion to print, ■
notforthe purpose of precluding discussion upon
the President's message, bin that an older of the '
House might be made, so that the Committee on
Printing might be able to report upon the number ,
of extra copies, and that the printer might be
engaged in printing them, that thereby thev ,
might be sooner distributed to us. If the Presi-
dent's message bo ref-nvd to the Committee of '
the Whole on the state of the Union, the debate •
which has been commenced here can be prose-
cuted in the committee—and indeed that is the
most appropriate place for it; but I have no
desire to cut off debate by demanding the pre-
vious question now.
Mr. WASHBURN. of Maine, then obtained
the floor, and spoke an hour in opposition to so
much of the President's message as relates to the
condition of parties in the late canvass and the
slavery agitation. This speech will be found in
the Appendix.
Mr. KEITT. If I were not indisposed to
share in the striking exhibition of modest}* which
we have had from the other side of the House,
for the last two days, I should say that I disrelish
this discussion. The aspect of affairs is gloomy
and ominous. Wc parted hers last August in th#
heat of an acrimonious contest upon the slavery
question. We have met again just after a presi-
dential election; and, even while we are counting
the regiments which were cut down,and the ban-
ners which have fallen in the fight, we h'ave in
both Houses its renewal sprung upon us. Sprang
by whom? Say gentlemen on the other side,
" But for the action upon this side df the Cham-
ber, and the message of the President, we should
have -had no discussion." What action, sir? A
Delegate [Mr. Whitfield] appeared tore from
the Territory of Kansas, with the seal of the
Governor of that Territory affixed to his creden-
tials, to take liis seat. Did any member, when
lie came here, have any better title ? What did
the Delegate ask but that this prima facie exhi-
bition, to have the oath administered to him?
Yet what was done? The Delegate from the
Territory of Kansas, with the seal of the Terri-
tory and the Governor'ssignatureattached to his
credentials, and asking only to kave the oath of
office administered to him, was opposed in his
right by the other side of the Chamber. He was
' opposed, though he presented himself'with a, prima
• facie right to a seat in this House. If that did
| not cause the discussion, then what did ? The
| President was called upon by the Constitution to
! send an annual message to Congress, and he did
j send it.
| I do not mean,"sir, at this time, to enter into
! a discussion of the questions which have been
| brought into this debate. I will do that, at an-
S other time. I intend to notice only two points,
j into which the arguments of the Opposition may
| be condensed. Before I do this I will disembar-
| rass the discussion of a preliminary issue,
i The member from Maine [Mr. Washburn]
has spoken of property in slaves. I say here,
that tl^e right of a southern mar. to liis slaves is
just as full and complete, in its length and in its
breadth, in its height and in its depth, as the
right to any other kind of property. The sover-
eign power determines what shall and what shall
not be property within its own dominions. If a
mftn from a sovereign political community, with
property of any kind recognized and protected
as such, carries it within the limits of another
j sovereign political community where it is not
j recognized, then it is not property there, for he
| is subject to the local laws of the latter. If the
j member from Maine was in the wild deserts of
! Arabia,he might soon learn what were the opin-
; ions of the Bedouins as to his property in his
J coat. I lay down the proposition,that all sover-
j eign communities have the right to determine
] what is and what is not property in their midst.
! The exceptions are those of international law,
j where property is driven into the midst of any
I community by stress of weather, &c.
j The member asks, also, how is it that the
j Territorial Legislature shall not be competent to
! exclude sHvery, and yet it may be excluded in
■ the formation of a State constitution ? Does he
or does he not know what is sovereignty? Does
he or docs he not know that sovereignty is the
ultimate authority—the power that controls all
other powers—that from which there is no appeal ?
And up to the formation of a State constitution,
\ the Territories are not invested with this power.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Does not the
i gentleman hold that a South Carolinian has the
• right under the Constitution, the supreme law of
1 the land, to take his slave into the Territories ?
< And how is it that that supreme law of the land
ceases to operate the very moment the people of
; a Territory come to form a State constitution r
Mr. KEITT. I would ask the member whether
he would cease to hold his horse there under the
Constitution?
, Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Yes, if the
local laws decided that it was not property.
; Mr. KEITT. Suppose there are no local laws
i there? *
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Then I sup-
pose that what is regarded as property by the
I universal consent of the civilized world would
be consulted, prima facie at least, as property.
Mr. KEiTT. 1 will answer the question di-
' rectly. Sovereignty is neither in the Fcd. jal
: Government nor in the Territorial Legislator,
but it is in the people of the several Suit c. The
! sovereign power determines what is pif>p  rty,
j and the agent to the extent of its trust protects
! it. Sovereignty being i* the people of the seve-
