78
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
ral States, while the Territory is in a condition of
pupilage, tile Federal agent is bound to protect
whatever is recognized as property by a sover-
eign State, winle the territorial pupilasre contin-
ues. This confurms to the nature of sovereignty,
and the trusteeship of the Federal Government.
When, however, the sovereignty over the Ter-
ritory , which is in the people of the (several States,
is withdrawn by them, and devolved upon the
inhabitants of the Territory about to form a
State constitution, the latter, in virtue of their
sovereignty, call determine what shall be prop-
erty within their limits. The Federal Govern-
ment is hound to protect all pioperty in the Terri-
tories; the States are sovereign within their limits.
The people of the States recognize what shall he
property; the Federal agent only protects it to the
extent of its delegated powers. The difference
between a Slate and a Territory is the difference
between sovereignty and subordination. The mem-
ber is answered.
1 now come to tho two points which have been
made in this discussion. The President of the
United States is charged with having arraigned
the Black Republican party—first, with intending
to interfere with the domestic institutions of
certain Stales of ihe Union; and, secondly, with
having revolutionary objects in view. I beg the
House to remember thai the member from Maine
said two tilings: one, that ho regarded the insti-
tution of slavery us a mural, social, and political
evil; and the other, that it was a hounden duty
on their pan. to destroy it whenever they had the
power.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Did not the
gentleman also understand me to say, that 1 did
not believe we had the power to interfere with
the subject m the States?
Mr. IvIilTT. 1 will come to that,. Thp mem-
ber from Maine and his party oppose the exten-
sion of slavery into tile Terntmies because they
say it is amoral, social, and political evil. Why,
then, not destroy it in the Slates? They sav
we have nut ihe power. What comes "next"?
i ho cm t'ctioii ol free Stales all over fhe western
continent, until they do got tho power. Has he
not made the declaration that slavery should he
destroyed whenever they had the power5 ia it
not, thej), their drsjgj) n> erect five one
after another, until thuy secure that power? And
wiu n they possess that power, are they not bound
.... J [- -   V. ■.!<«>  |MI VV1,1 , nicy J I
oy their own declarations, to destroy slavery?
"V ou arc bound to alter the Constitution when you
have the power, and we already have territory
enough out of which to form a sutlie.ienl number
of Slates to give you that power. If you do not
<lo it you are now hypocriies, when you charge
immorality against the institution, or you will
then be traitors to your religious convictions.
Would not the gentleman alter the Constitution,
,, it, .Ult" P,,w,,r< so as to abolish slavery?
Mr WASlllUJUN, of Maine. The genjman
lioni Maine is disposed to answer the question
proposed to him; and I will statu that while I
would certainly not object to such a change in
the Constitution ot the United tStates as should
give a power to the Fedeial Government to do
yhat Mr. Jefferson desired to have done, what
Mr, Madison prayed for, and to accomplish what
General Scott wished to behold, to wit: the ame-
lioration of the Condition of Ihe slaves, even to
emancipation, I do not say that if the Govern- j
mcnt had that power I should deem it wise or I
expedient or just to exercise it at this time or at!
any time. j
Mr. KU1 T. I would ask the gentleman from !
Maine whether, if he had the power, he would
not deem it wise at some future time, and by
some progressive gradations, to abolish slavery
Mr. WAsHBURN, of Maine. The gentleman
from Maine is perfectly willing that sound prin-
ciples shall prevail, and that the central ideas of I
the Constitution and of the Christian religion '
?) e r?,ourse> ™"> <"><! be glorified. I
\/r , * answer of the member from !
Maine evades the question I have pat to him. I h
ask him, as a member of the Republican party I
and an apostle of liberty—as one who charges I
that the institution of slavery is a moral, social,
-and poetical evil, whether or not, if he had the
power, he wpuld abolish the institution of slavery
> y progrossi«e gradations, and he has not the
.candor to answer directly.
Mr. STANTON. For one, I do not fee! dis-
posed to stand committed to any purpose, now
or hereafter, to seek any change 111 the Constitu-
tion. My position, and I believe the position of
the people T represent, is, that we will abide by
the Constitution as it is; that we seek no change;
that we will insist upon its original construction,
as it. was put in practice by its original fronie,rs.
Mr. KEITT. That only shows that there is
a nominal difference of opinion in one particular
between different members of that party; for if
slavery be a moral, social, and political wrong,
they must war against it wherever they have the
power; and now I put the question, whether or
not, after the declarations of the gentleman from
Maine, and after the developments made here
and elsewhere, there can be any doubt about
wlmt is the inevitable tendency of "the Republican
party? And if that be so, I ask if the President
is not correct when he says that there is a tend-
ency in that party to interfere with the domestic
relations in the States? That, sir, is one point.
The other point to which exception has been
taken is, that they are charged by the President
with being revolutionists. A word upon that
point. The several States which framed the
present Federal Constitution entered the conven-
tion which framed that instrument as equals, as
equals the delegates were appointed, as equals the
delegates deliberated, as equals they decided, as
equals the several States adopted the Constitu-
tion, and equals they are. Now, sir, what is the
posture of affairs? We of the South claim the
i lght to go into the common Territories of the
United States with our slaves as property. "We
claim the right to take them there as property.
The question of political institution conies after-
wards—comes whenever the people are ready
to form a State constitution, and do form it.
Slavery goes into the Territory as property, and
not as a political institution. Slave States aided
to make the Constitution as equals. They claim
the right to go into the common territory with a
certain kind of pioperty. The law says it is
property. Gentlemen say it is not property.
We claim that We have tho right to take slaves
there as property, and that tho Federal Govern-
ment is bound to protect it. You deny it.
The South offered to send the question to the
Supreme Court of the United States—that tribunal
which is established to adjudicate constitutional
cases, ami what did the North do? What did
the Republican party do? Why,refused; andin i
refusing, what did they claim? The right, by a
numerical majority and at the ballot-box, to de-
termine what is property. You substituted the
j ballot-box- for the Supreme Court of the United
States, and sought to supersede the- Constitution
by an elective despotism. You carried a question
of judicial decision to the ballot-boxes, and 1 say
that you were revolutionary. Therefore, I affirm
that the President of the United States charged
you conectly.
I said I did not intend at this time to discuss
this quisnon. ^ I do not now mean to enter into
a discussion of the various issues presented here,
connected with the late presidential election', hut'
I intend, at some future period of the session, to
| state very distinctly what I think upon all these
issues, and what I think as to the policy of the
country.
Mr. GflDDINGS. Mr. Speaker, one thing is
established by our current political history, that
is, that wc are destined to continue the agitation
ot the great question which, according to all past
annuls, has agitated 1 ho world. The rights of man
are still the themes of discussion. From the time
when the barons of England under lung John,
at the point of the sword, extorted from the
British Crown concessions to the rights of the I
people, that question has continued to°occupy the
attention of their descendants. When our Amer- :
icati futheis felt the hand of oppression; when j
, tliey saw that injustice was done to these thirteen
I colonies; when those colonies united in resistance '
to the enforcement of British power; when Amer-
jcans met Englishmen upon the fields ofLexihir-
ton and Concord and Bunker Hill; when Amer-
nfr? ^nlt r'w11 l>',00'i. flowe(i together upon :
those battle-fields—the civilized world, the Chris- i
tian world, demanded the cause why men be- !
111 (tlle rellS'°n> speaking the same '
lanbudge, trusting tn the same God, were thus I
'"Sr.eat otheruPon t!'°se fields of bloody ij
conflict. It was a pertinent inquiry—one which
the Continental Congress held to be important.
Then South Carolina and Massachusetts, Geor-
gia and Connecticut, and all of the original
,, States,counseled together and made answer with
ij united voice. The reason for going into that seven
Ij years' struggle was placed in letters of living light
ij before the world, written by the inspired peifof
j' Jefferson. Is the member from South Carolina
Ij [Mr. Keitt]—who has just resumed his seat—
!! prepared to stand by the solemn declarations
! made on that auspicious occasion? The Repub-
lican party have responded to this question; they
have reaffirmed those principles. The great, the
immortal, the heaven-born truths then proclaimed
that all men are, by their Creator, endowed with
certain inalienable rights—among which are life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. These
rights came from our Creator, not from the Pres-
ident, nor from Congress, butfiom the Omnipo-
tent mind. On this great undying principle they
based their vindication before the civilized world.
Is the member from South Carolina ready to
stand by them? If he is not present, I ask any
member of the Democratic party, North or South,
whether that j^arty is ready to stand by these
doctrines ? I pause for an answer. I hear 110
I reply. But, sir, such is the response which I
always get to my well-defined interrogatories.
Men from the South unequivocally deny this
truth; mfn of that party in the North dare not
speak 111 the affirmative. There they sit. If
they were to answer in the negative they would
be cast off by their constituents; if in the affirma-
tive they will be repudiated by the South. Thus
they vibrate between heaven and hell, uncertain
ill which they will land. [Laughter.] From my
soul I pity them; I pity any man who dares no't
avow honestly the sentiments which God has im-
planted in his bosom.
The self-evident truth, that all men are created
with the inalienable right to life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness, was, in the other wing of
the Capitol, by a leading member of that party,
pronounced to be a " self-evident lie." There the
members of the Democratic party sit in silence,
giving their tacit consent to the correctness of
this sentiment, which I regard as nothing less
than a libel upon those patriot-fathers around
whose names the glorious recollections of our
early history now cluster. In this Hall we had
during the last session a long argument from the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr, Stephens,] to the
effect that slavery was an institution sanctioned
of Heaven, and established bv the Almighty.
Abraham was referred to as the'manifestation of
the will of God, and declared to be a slaveholder
and a slave-dealer,^ At the same time another
distinguished .individual was proclaiming in the
far West, among the mountains of Deseret,
that polygamy was also an institution of God.
Lrigham Young, with his retinue of threescore
wives, vindicated his doctrines by precisely the
same arguments. He referred to Abraham also,
iioth he and the gentleman from Georgia, with
great gusto, appealed to the civilized world, say-
ing, " Have we not Abraham to our father?"
[Laughter.] If Abraham be good authority in
one case he ought to be in the other.
I refer to this point now to show that the gentle-
man from Georgia insists that God has endowed
the slaveholder with the right to hold his fellow-
men in degrading bondage—that he has consigned
one portion of mankind to painful servitude in-
stead of liberty.
Our fathers, in the Declaration of Independ-
ence, laid down their doctrines so plain that the
wayfaring man cannot err therein. They bavin-*
asserted the right of all men to life, liberty, and
happiness the framers of the Constitution took
, up the subject where the patriots of '76 left it
if f"nd "''dalnedkI" most explicit language tjuu
1, no peison shall be deprived of life, liberty, or
V property, without due process of law." They
I intended to secure every individual under Federal
i'CiffV'i'11' rightS !,rodalm«! in the Dec-
Hon °f In^Penden«=- There was no exemp-
, tion of colored men. They sajd <tU m „rab,i-
cing the high and the low, tho rich and the poor.
| men of learning and illiterate men, men of h.,l,t
complexion, of dark complexion, ami mi.xed
complexion, all who bear the image-of God, or
whose countenances beam with immortality
SSnd'n ,PTlaiTd',he Declaration of
independence, to be endowed with the inalienable
