1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to
right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness;
and by the Constitution it was proclaimed that
44 no person should be deprived of these rights
without due process of law."
Sir, I4esire to call the attention of the House,
and especially of the member from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Keitt,] who, with such convulsive
eloquence, has opposed these doctrines, to the
fact that he and I have repeatedly swo/n at the
altar of our country to support ana maintain this
provision of tire Constitution. And, sir, the
Whole Republican party stand, by their oath,
pledged to God, to Christianity, anu to the whole
civilized world-, that this Constitution, in this as
in all other particulars, shall be maintained. The
Democracy say it shall not be sustained. They
come right up to the work, and insist that Con-
gress has no right to enforce this provision of the
Constitution', that in our Territories men may
-enslave their fellow-men—may rob them of their
liberty, their property, their lives, without pro-
cess of law. We insist that wherever the Con-
stitution has exclusive jurisdiction, this portion,
as well as others, shall be enforced.
Much has been said, during this discussion,
about the Republican party. There is one thing
that 1 wish gentlemen on the other side most defi-
nitely and distinctly to understand—that I stand
not here to vindicate the character of Jefferson,
Hancock, Adams, Franklin, and their compa-
triots of 1776, nor the doctrines of the Republican
party. Suffice to say, that the high and holy
truths on which they based their vindication are
equally sufficient for our vindication. In order
to show gentlemen where we stand, I will refer
to our published creed. It reads;
" That the maintenance of the principles promulgated in
the DccJaration of Independence, and perpetuated m the
Federal Constitution, shall be maintained."
Now, sir, the great truth, that "all men are
■endowed by their Creator with the inalienable
right of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-
ness, " was first embodied in the Declaration of
Independence, and then transferred to and per-
petuated in the Constitution*, and when our
fathers ordained by the Constitution that all per-
sons shall !>e secured in the enjoyment of life and
liberty, we repeat their declaration, we maintain
their doctrines, seek the same objects, worship
the same God. There were those in that day
who denied these doctrines. They denied that
all men were entitled to life and liberty; but they
were denounced as enemies of mankind, and
traitors to freedom.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Certainly; 1 say to that
gentleman, and I say to gentlemen on all sides,
prepare your questions. Let then! be brief, and
to the point, and they shall be answered.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I ask the
member from Ohio whether he, on a former
occasion, ever uttered this language that is here
attributed to him? I will send it to the Clerk to
be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" I look forward to the day when there shall be aservile
insurrection in the South; when the black man, armed
with British bpyonets, and led on by British officers, shall
assert his freedom, and wage a war of extermination against
bis master; when the torch of the incendiary shall light up
the towns and cities of the South, and blot out the last
vestige of slavery. And though I may not mock at their
calamity, and laugn when their fear cometh, yet I will hail
it as the dawn of a political millennium."
Mr. GIDDINGS. Does the gentleman from
Mississippi assert that I ever uttered those words?
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I ask the
gentleman whether he ever uttered them, and if
he did, I ask him whether they are his sentiments
now?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will answer the gentleman
kindly, for I do not blame him. I hope God may
forgive his ignorance, for he has been misled by
men who ought to have known better. I have
seen language in letters going forth from this
Hall, and various quotations, attributed to me; I
have seen them quoted by older members, who
ought to have known better. If I have ever
uttered such sentiments there is record for it, and
I ask when and where they were spoken ? I have
no knowledge or recollection of ever having
uttered such a sentiment.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I have to
eay to the gentleman from Ohio, that I would
greatly prefer ignorance on this subject, than to
manifest eo much knavery, for which he may be
forgiven. I then desire to know of the gentleman
whether he now wishes to see such a state of
things ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. If the gentleman will come
to me outside this Hall, I will pour out my whole
soul to him. I have nothing to conceal.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I desire no
personal intercourse with the member from Ohio.
I ask the member again, whether the sentiments
I have read are those that now meet his appro-
bation?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr. Speaker, I am sorry
the gentleman from Mississippi does not under-
stand me better; but it is, perhaps, not strange,
for he never has had any personal intercourse
with me, [laughter,] nor I with him. I am sorry
it is necessary. But I will say to him, and for
the benefit of the younger members of the House,
that no man ever heard me utter a sentiment nor
word that seemed to pray or desire the unneces-
sary shedding of human blood. The objects to
which I have ever devoted myself have been those
of peace, and not of war. These have been my
sentiments in times past, and they are my senti-
ments to-day. But I will say to the gentleman
that I abhor—I detest oppression in ail its forms.
I detest wrong; I hate slavery with an ineffable,
unconquerable hatred. God hates it. All good
men hate it. The Republican party hate it.
[Laughter.] Mankind hate it. But I have never
uttered any sentiment averse to the peace and
harmony and good of mankind; and when the :
President, or any other man, says I have, he says j
what is not true. j
I will, however, say this, that every human |
being is endowed by God himself with the in- i
alienable rights of liberty and the pursuit of I
happiness; and when I see a human being de- i
prived Of it, I hope he may regain it, at any !
expense of those who oppress him. Now, I ask J
my friend from Mississippi, do you believe that j
all men are endowed by the Creator with the 1
inalienable right to life, liberty, and the pursuit
.of happiness? Be as frank as I was. My opinion
is, that God has given the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi the same right to life and liberty as he
has to Franklin Pierce; and I would as soon see
the President of the United States robbed of
liberty and the pursuit of happiness, or his wife
sold from his arms, as I would the humblest man
that ever trod the footstool of God. These are
my sentiments; and I have been pained to see my
Republican friends stand here and defend them-
selves for entertaining these sentiments, when
they ought to attack those who deny them.
What, sir, shall Republicans stand here, and
excuse and justify themselves for entertaining
sentiments for the support of which our fathers
met the hosts of Britain upon a hundred battle-
fields?
This right of all men to life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness is the first fundamental
principle—the chief corner-stone, the basis, the
foundation of the Republican party. On this rock
we build our political church, and neither the
gates of hell nor the Democratic party shall pre-
vail against it. It is on these undying truths we
base all our political hopes.
OurGovernment was established, ordained,and
brought into existence, for the distinctly-avowed
and unequivocally-declared purpose of maintain-
ing the rights of all men under its exclusive
jurisdiction to life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-
piness; and every man who opposes the attain-
ment of this object opposes the purposes and
designs of those who founded it, and of course
ape diametrically opposed to the objects and doc-
trines of the Republican party.
I now pass to the next point in our Republican
platform. The second resolution further reads
as follows:
"That as our republican fathers, when they had abol-
ished s-laveiy mall our Territories, ordained that 'no person
shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due
process of lavv,? it becomes our duty to maintain tin* pro-
vision of the Constitution; against all attempt* to violate it,
for the puipose of establishing slavery in any Territory of
the United States, by positive legislation prokilntiug its
existence or extension therein."
Here I arrive at the particular issue between us
and the Democratic party. 1 desire to go to the
foundation of our controversy. I am not about
to discuss collateral questions. There are funda-
mental truths involved—truths upon which we
base our cause. It is, that in all the Territories
over which Congress has jurisdiction, it is our
duty to establish governments which shall secure
liberty to all their people, according to the Will
and intention of our Republican fathers, unless
deprived of it by due process of law. Every
man knows what is meant by due process of
law. Every one is aware that under the!Kansas-
Nebraska act all the laws of the United Staties,
not locally inapplicable, were transferred to those
Territories. The laws which prohibit and
punish murder, which prohibit and punish rob-
bery and larceny and other crimes, are in force
there. All the criminal laws of theUnited States
are in force in those Territories. Now, what
is intended by due process of law is known by
every intelligent person. When a man commits
murder or treason he is charged, arrested, in-
dicted, tried, and if found guilty he must suffer
the punishment. He then is deprived of life by
due process of law. If found guilty of robbery
| or arson, he loses his liberty by the same process
| of law, being confined in prison. On this doctrine
; the Democratic party take issue They insist
that men may be rightfully enslaved in our Terri-
tories without any process of law; that the slave-
holder in our southern States has the right to take
his slaves with him into our Territories in spite
of the Constitution, and in spite of any and all
powers of Congress. Here, then, rests the prin-
cipal issue now pending between the two great
parties of our country.
Having defined the issues between the parties,
and laid down the general doctrines of the Repub-
lican party, I pass to an examination of the Pres-
ident's message, assailing that party and its doc-
trines. I shall pass over all that part which may
be regarded merely as declamatory, and come to
that portion where he makes a distinctassertron,
and tenders a distinct and well-defined issue; and
here I call the attention of the member from
South Carolina [Mr. Kf.itt] to the fact that he
did not sustain the President's asseverations. I
desire to know whether that gentleman vindicates
the truth of the President's actual assertions?
The President says:
"In the long series of acts ofijidlsereetaggression, the
first was the strenuous agitation, by citizens of the north-
ern States, in Congress and out of it, of the question of
negro emancipation in the southern States."
Sir, if there be a man in this body who can
tell me when the question of negro emancipation
in the southern States was ever agitated here or
in the Senate, I beg him to. do the President the
justice to state it. The President does not allege
that they had committed acts tending to that ob-
ject as represented by the member from South
Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,] but he asserts unequivo-
cally, without qualification, that we had agitated
the question of negro emancipation in. the south-
ern States.
I suppose no man doubts the authorship of this
message. The special pleading, the astute reason-
ing, the sophistical manner in which the ques-
tions are propounded and argued,and the reckless
; disregard of facts, leave no doubt upon that point
| it. the minds of those who served in this House
: with the distinguished Attorney General in the
Cabinet.
Sir, I have been a member of this House longer
' than any other gentleman here. I have perhaps
served longer, continuously, than any member
• of either branch of Congress, and I have been
i regarded as the most ultra-Abolitionist in either
: House. The President probably intended to refer
, to me; but I say, unhesitatingly, that I never
presented a petition, resolution, or proposition—
, I never made a motion nor delivered a speech-
agitating that subject. I proposed a resolution
yesterday, calling on the President for any in-
formation he may possess on this subject, but it
, was objected to by a friend ofhis.^ So faras my
' knowledge, or information, or belief extends, no
, such proposition was ever presented in either
House by any member.
i But, sir, suppose we had done so, are we to look
to the President for permission to speak what
we think—to utter what we feel to be our duty?
Why, sir, if northern members have not proposed
negro emancipation in the South, southern mem-
bers have proposed to carry slavery into the free
States. I think it was in 1838 or 1839, that a dis-
tinguished member from Virginia, (Mr. Wis©,)
