80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
December 10.
proclaimed on this floor the right of a slaveholder
to carry his slaves into or through any free State.
In 1849, a distinguished member from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs,] now holding a seat in the other
end of the Capitol, declared here, that it was the
duty of the Federal Government to protect the
slaveholders the possession of his slave wherever
the American flag may float; and since that gen-
tleman has held a seat in the Senate, he is reported
to have said " he would yet call the roll of his
slaves under the shadow of Bunker Hill monu-
ment;" that he would pollute that holy ground
which drank the blood of Warren and those
patriots who fell in the cause of freedom, by the
footsteps of God's image held in chains.
Sir, these gentlemen had the right to speak
their real sentiments — to avow their doctrines,
and the President has no more right to censure
them than they have to turn round and censure
him for the expression of his opinion. I stand
here to defend the constitutional rights of mem-
bers of this body, whether fjom the Noith or the
South, whether they be in favor of slavery or of
freedom. 1 denounce tins impertinent—this inso-
lent attempt of the President to dictate to this
body how we shall act, or what we shall say.
The President seems to think that he was
placed in the presidential chair, n'ot only to dis- [
charge his own duties, but to read lectures to J
officers of file legislative branch of the Govern-1
ment. I, lot one, npudiate his right to call in 1
question the action of members of this body. [
Rut the President charges the people of the '
free States with Agitating this question of negro 1
emancipation in the southern States. Well, sir,.
suppose they have done this: I reply, they have j
a right to do so. It not being a matter over j
which I think Congress has power to legislate, I !
never agitated it here. But nave, not the people i
a tight to discuss the question of serfdom m i
Russia, of cannibalism in the Feejee Islands, oi |
of slavejy in our southern States? They pay'
money to send Christianity and intelligence to '
India, to the Sandwich Inlands, and to our slave :
Stales, 1 iceontly saw a statement of the money •
collected and expended by our southern aid soci-
eties during the past, year, m elforts to enlighten -
the ignorant blacks and whiles of the soul hern 1
States. And have they no right to talk of the
best manner of extending civilization and Chris- '
tiamty there? I know that gentlemen in this and 1
the other end of the Capitol have spoken in an [
apologetic manner of the radical Abolitionists of j
the IN'orlh, 1 regret it, I say to those people, j
peak what you verily believe to he just a/id nuht; 1
unfold youi own intellects; speak forth the senti-
ments of' your honi is; the President is your ser- j
vant, and nof your master; you may chwle'him Willi 1
propriety; you are the .si>\<neigns of this nation, i
and I would have you reah/.e your tine dignity, j
Southern men do not hesitate to talk of cairving |
slavery into the free States; indeed, they eany .
their slaves into our territory; they contaminate I
our soil. Even a judge in Pennsylvania has |
substantially decided that, they have the rii ht to '
carry slavery into Pennsylvania. Sir, Aom my ;
heart I feel humbled at tins degradation of my 1
native Stut<\ But while these things are done, J
and ihu President approves them, he attempts to i
lecture the people of the North for speaking their ,
feelings. I spurn, and hold such arrogance m '
supreme contempt. I say to the President, the |
Constitution of the country has declared 'l that !
the freedom of speech and of the press shall never :
be abridged," and no petty tyrant will be able to .
hold the freemen of the North m awe of his arm- j
gant usuipatmn. i
But 1 pass to another definite assertion in this !
message. The President says: ;
secomt Mep hi thi> patliof evi! consisted of acts of '
the people of flit- nouhern States--, arid m ^eveial m-tam < > :
of then governments, aimed to taesSitaie the e c;tp« ot nu- '
son-: hold to service in tiie southern States."' 1
Not satisfied by reading lectures to Congress, '
and to the northern people generally, he next
proceeds to scold our State Legislatures. Now,
sh, I trust the Governors of Ohio and other free
States, and the members of our State Legisla-
tures, will not be greatly alarmed at this inter-
ference of the President in relation to the discharge
of their duties. I would inform the President and
his Cabinet that our Governors and members of
our State Legislatures hold their ofiices from the
people—not from hjra. They are accountable to
the people—not to the President, nor to his Cabi-
net; that they are as independent of the President
as the President is of them, and may lecture him
with as much propriety as he can them.
Why, sir, when the President sent this message
to us, men of my own State—free men—were
sighing in chains in slave States,_ where, though
born free, they were fined, imprisoned, and en-
slaved, under the laws of those States, and yet
he pretends to deny me the right of speaking of
their emancipation! Sir, what authority has he
to assail Massachusetts ? That State, I have no
doubt, will be heard from in due time. Her cit-
izens are imprisoned and sold into interminable
bondage in South Carolina, by the laws of that
State; and when you sent your agent there as a
representative of the sovereignty of Massachu-
setts, to test, in the courts of the United States,
the validity of those laws, he was driven from
her soil, and not permitted to test the validity of
those State enactments. Sir, shall Massachusetts
sit quietly, with her arms folded, and see such
wrongs and outrages perpetrated upon her sons—
wrongs and outrages that would have produced
war and bloodshed had they been inflicted by a
foreign nation ? 1 rejoice that Massachusetts has
asserted her sovereignty, in declaring that her
jails shall not be used to imprison fugitive slaves,
and that her officers shail not disgrace that glorious
old Commonwealth by playing the bloodhound
in pursuing and seizing the fugitive from bond-
age who is fleeing to Canada.
Mr. BOYCE. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
whether there is any law m any free State which
prohibits the. introduction of free negroes into
such State ?
Mr. G1DDINGS. I believe there is such a
law m the Demociatic State of Indiana.
Mr. BOYCE. As 1 heard no oomplaintof such
a law in any of the northern States, 1 thought
peihaps none could have existed.
Mi. GlDDINGtt. 1 am soiry that such laws
were enacted by Dcmociats, even in my own
State; but we did complain of them; and when
the Republicans got the power they repealed
them m Ohio. U only existed during the darker
ages of Loeofoeo lule, but disappeared upon the
dawning of Republican civilization. [Laughter.]
Hut 1 was speaking of those transactions of
which the President complains—of what lias been  
done by the State of Massachusetts. Sit, 1 ask \
you to witness the shameful spectacle that is i
presented of a Pre.sident who, from the executive •
chair, undertakes to lecture the sovereign State j
ol Massachusetts, of Vennont, Michigan, and I
perhaps others, for the exercise of their State \
soveieignty. But the President has some cause j
to assail Massachusetts. That State has totally |
blotted out Loeoibcoixm and doughfacism, and
now stands erect m her Republicanism. lie also
appeais indignant at that State whose Republican
never sets. In fact, the Piesident may feel
some degree of indignation resulting from the
rtcent elections in those States, and is determined
to reprove them for their Republicanism, while he
yd occupies the chair of State.
1 he President goes further, and again under-
takes to lecture the people—the people who have
given him power and place, and who have now
sent him to a political giave. As he is about
retiring fn>m the jnesidential chair, instead ot
praying for the well.uc of those who have lion- .    U1 ult;
Oird him l>y then- confidence—which lie lias ;| epe refewd to by the gentleman* but here, in the
beuayed—wmle he is looking forward to that ,.i.i > ,
my nature is at once enlisted in his behalf. I
always feel anxious that he may escape from the
crushing power under which he has been borne
down. And yet the President assumes to lecture
me because I choose to obey God rather than
him. Why, sir, gentlemen may listen while I
tell them that I have seen at one time nine fugi-
tives dining in my own house—fathers, mothers,
husbands, wives and children, fleeing for their
liberty, and, in spite of the President's censure,
1 obeyed the divine mandate to feed the hungry
and clothe the naked. I fed them. I clothcd
them. I gave them money for their journey, and
sent them on their way. Was that treason ? If
so, make the most of it.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I want to
know if the gentleman would not have gone one
step further?
Mr. G1DDINGS. Yes, sir, I would have gone
one stop further. I would have driven the slave-
catcher who dared pursue them from my prem-
ises. I would have kicked him from my door
yard, if lie had made his appearance there.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. Would not
the gentleman have justified the taking of them
by force or stealth in the first instance ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I would smite down the
infamous slave-catcher if he were to enter my
door m his infamous attempts to arrest and en-
slave a brother man. I hope the President will
feel no unhappiness at what I am saying. Mr
Speaker, I make these statements in order that
the people of my native State of Pennsylvania,
the people of our northern States, may express
their manhood, and not be held in silence by ex-
ecutive insolence. Tt is the duty of every man,
it is a Christian duty, that we should speak out
our honest sentiments in condemnation of those
infamous crimes. But I want to speak a little
further. 1 do not mean to speak of slavery as a
mere crime. The slaveholder controls the slave
by the lash. lie scourges him into submission to
his own will. But further than this, no person
is allowed to teoch a slave to read the Bible
under a penalty of imprisonment. Ignorance is
encouraged by a legislative enactment. Now,
sir, fuithorthan this, whenever a master attempts
to coiruct a slave and the slave resists, the master
is at liberty to shoot down such slave. Thus,
the master holds the power of life and death over
his slave, a tyranny which sets at defiance all
European despotisms.
Mi. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I want the
member fiom Ohio to diaw the'distinction be-
tween the slaveholder bringing his slave into
subjection by the lash, and the northern men
burning their poor people into subjection by
starvation ?
Mr.GIDWNGS. The gentle man understands
that the wife of a slave held by the master is
liable to his polutions, and dare not resist her
master's approaches. He sells her children, ay,
his own otisprmg, born of his slave, for paltry
pelf. There is no such thing in our northern
code.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I would ask
the gentleman from Ohio if he is not aware that
in a certain case of the separation of a child from
its mother, by articles of separation, a northern
man was the purchaser of the child, and not a
southern man ?
Air.GrlDDlArGS. I knownot^of the particular
political grave from which there will be no res-
unectxon, instead of invoking blessings upon the
heads of those who have placed him"m the high
oflicml position which he occupies, he assaTls
them wirh calumnious lcproaohes, and uses his
constitutional privilege of sending a message here
to vilify and slander the people and their Legis-
latures. He lectuics them for not turning out to
catch the fugitive sluv
ty of Washington, as told you by that old
( man eloquent, Mr. J. Q,. Adams, twenty years
■ ag°j a slave dealer, recking in iniquity, purchased
, a mother and child, up m Montgomery county,
i Maryland, and separated them fuun the h-isband
| and lather and the other children, imprisoned
1 them in that infernal hell winch once existed at
, the corner of Seventh street, and Maryland ave-
nue. .there the mother, with uo eye but thut of
nd
assisting to tne utmost of their ability to prevent
their fellow-men from escaping from an oppres-
sion which from their inmost souls they detest?
the life of her oflspnng, and then severed the
thread of her own existence, and ru.shed u,ibit!d<-n
to the presence of her God, and th-jv made In r
never   a^amipg f«otm fytom appeaf a^amst iho^Vhr'uphold api,U,Sis,
bondage that I did not pray God most earnestly j: for slavery
* enable hlm to , In Covington, Kentucky, a father and mother,
a slave dungeon and doomed to a
j , , • Ulbni aim eiiaoie mm to ,t in Covin0*
make good Ins escape. The whole sympathy of li shut up 'm
