82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
fessed to represent as soon as they had notice of
his action in their behalf. That this convention
■was held in the North avowedly to carry out
northern views, and was attended by northern
men alone, under a call and circumstances which
necessarily precluded the South from all partici-
pation in its deliberations, is a fact which no
honest man can deny, and which stamps it with
the seal of seetionahty in its organization.
Mr. NORTON. I wish to ask my colleague
if, at the time the Nebraska bill was passed, he
approved, and now does approve, of the repeal
of the Missouri restriction ?
Mr. MORRISON. I will answer my colleague.
At the time of the passage of the Nebraska bill
I was a Whig — I had learned as a Whig, as
the honorable gentleman himself had, that it was
a part of our tactics to throw every obstacle
we could in the way of the Democratic party.
[Laughter.] I did oppose its repeal—I assailed
the Democrats instrumental in repealing it, and
if the gentleman desires from me a further con-
fession, I will make a clean breast and admit that,
in some form or other, I jjave assailed almost
every prominent Democrat in the Union within
the last fifteen years.
Now, sir, the gentleman asks mo if 1 approve
the principle contained in the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, which involves the repeal of the Missouri
restriction; in answer I have only to say, if I
understand the principle aright, that the people
in the Territory shall exercise all the constitu-
tional power which belongs to them in molding
their institutions according to their own will,
without Federal interference ordictatioij from any
?uarter, I answer emphatically, I do approve it.
Laughter.]
Mr. NORTON. I ask my colleague if two
years ago this fall he was not elected to the Sen-
ate of the State of Illinois as an anti-Nebraska
man, upon the same ticket upon which Judge
Trumbull was elected to the IIousc; and upon
that issue alone ?
Mr. MORRISON. Two years ago I was
elected to the Senate of Illinois, and was violently
opposed to the repeal of the Missouri restriction.
I was afraid of that excitement which even in the
vindication of a correct principle has unhinged
the northern mind. At the same election Mr.
Trumbull was elected to the IIousc of Repre-
sentatives. I supported him, and did all I could
to secure his election. He went before the Legis-
lature of Illinois, where I soon discovered that
anti-Nebraskaism was leading me into the com-
bined ranks of Abolitionism and Know Nothing-
ism. I refused to follow its disreputable lead,
and became a living example of one at least,
who, taking the first false step, " did not to hell's
perdition go." [Laughter.] I went to the Senate
of Illinois, and Mr."Trumbull's* name was pre-
sented as a candidate for the United States Senate.
Although I had voted for him as a Representative
of his district, I refused to support him for the
Senate, and voted against him. Returned to the
district from which he had been elected—united
myself to the Democratic party—received its nom-
ination for Congress—aided in fighting its battles,
and in the complete rout of Republicanism in
that district, " came to do the happy deed that
gilds my humble name." [Laughter.] I trust
my colleague is satisfied.
Mr. NORTON. As my colleague has not
stated the precise time when he became a convert
to the Democratic party and the principles of the
Nebraska bill, I will send up to the Clerk's desk
some resolutions and ask that they may be read,
and then I will ask my colleague if he offered
them in the Senate of Illinois.
Mr. MORRISON. I will tell the gentleman
when I joined the Democratic party.
_ Mr. NORTON. I desire to have the resolu-
tions read.
Mr. MORRISON. I hope my colleague will
not occupy the time allotted to me in debate.
Mr. NORTON. Does the gentleman refuse to
have his resolutions read ?
Mr. MORRISON. I will read them to the
House myself. [Cries of" Let them be read!"]
Mr. NORTON. I will read them:
Resolved by the Senate, (the Hou e of Representatives
concurring therein.) Tliat ttie General Asse.ibly of the
State of Illinois most emphatically disapproves of the repeal
of tiie clause prohibiting the existence of slavery which
was contained in the act admitting Missouri as one of the I
■■"fates of thin Union; ami our Senators in Congress are I
hereby instructed, and our Representatives requested, to
give their earnest support to the restoration of said clause
prohibiting slavery in the Territories of Kansas and Ne-
Resolvei, That the Governor be requested to transmit a
copy to our Senators and Representatives in Congress.
These resolutions were offered on the 7th day
of January, 1855.
Mr. MORRISON. Is my colleague done ?
Mr. NORTON. Did you offer the resolutions
I have just read ?
Mr. MORRISON. I did. The gentleman
wants to know when I joined, the Democratic
party. I came to it after a calm investigation of
the merits of the Nebraska bill. I came to it in
the hour of its necessity, when, in defense of
the Constitution and the Union, the equality of
the States, and the sovereignty of the people, it
was breasting the angry waves of faction, fanat-
icism, and intolerance which were fast threaten-
ing to ingulf the northern States. In that dark
hour of peril, it cried to all national men," Help,
Cassius, or I sink!" Then, sir, I went to the
assistance of the Democratic party, and through
it to the country. Nor did I go alone. My dis-
trict, which gave Mr. Trumbull twenty-five hun-
dred majority, sentfs me here, the nominee of the
Democratic party, by more than two thousand
six hundred majority. [Applause.] I trust my
colleague has now the information he so much
desired.
Mr. NORTON. I will ask my colleague
whether, at the time he offered those resolutions,
he believed that the sentiments they contained
were sectional, or national?
Mr. MORRISON. I thought it was a very good
strike to embarrass and defeat the Democracy,
[laughter,] and at the same time place the three or
four Democratic Senators who had joined the
anti-Nebraska ranks, in their proper position, of
clamoring over the removal of that Missouri line
which they themselves did not approve of be-
cause it tolerated slavery south of 36° 30'. They
never could be brought to a vote upon the reso-
lutions. Nothing would suit them but a denun-
ciation by name of the distinguished Senator
from Illinois, which I steadily refused to vote.
But, sir, at the time I introduced those resolu-
tions, the Republican party was not born—it was
alaterproducjfbn. When I saw the banner I had
so long followed in many a gallant fight furled,
shrouded in mourning and lying upon the grave
of the immortal Clay, with the nationality of the
old Whig party destroyed, and upon its ruins
rising a-northern organization, sectional in every
aspect in which it could be viewed, it was time
to pause and reflect whether the duty of a nation-
al Whig was not loyalty to his country, rather
than hatred to Democracy. Acting upon this
i conviction I took my course, and as yet have no
cause to regret it, or question its propriety.
The interruptions 1 have met with had almost
made me lose sight of the proof demanded by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Leitek,] that the
charge of sectionality against the Republicans,
made by the President, is true. I have shown
that from necessity their organization is sectional.
Now, their platform will determine whether their
principles are equally so. By it I propose to
prove their seetionahty, and that the President,
when he characterized it as sectional and conse-
quently dangerous, discharged a duty he owed
the country. If gentlemen upon the other side
think the language of the President is too severe,
I can only say, without meaning offense, that
" No rogue ever felt the halter draw,
With good opinion of the law."
But to their platform; it asserts the constitu-
tional power of Congress to legislate upon the
subject of slavery in the Territories. If Con-
gress possesses the power, it is because it has
been conferred by the Constitution, the original
of all power rightfully exercised by the Govern-
ment. Does not my colleague [Mr. Norton]
recognize that power in Congress ?
Mr. NORTON. I hold that Congress has the
power to prohibit slavery m the Territories, just as
it has to regulate their affairs on other subjects.
Mr. MORRISON. .Tnst the answer I expected.
It proves the gentleman's sectionalism, and that
of his party. In what part of the Constitution
do you find the power to interdict, without the
correlative power to establish, slavery? If you
have the power to prohibit, it has been granted
to you in some part of the Constitution; it is a
discretionary power, to be exercised or not in
the wisdom of Congress. One of the objects of
the Constitution was, to " establish a more per-
fect union." If Congress, in the exercise of its
wisdom to attain this object, should determine to
establish slavery in any Territory, you would
deny its power; but if it exercised it in the other
direction, for the benefit of the northern States to
the exclusion of southern men and their property,
the grant of power is clear and ample. It is this
rule of interpretation—which warps the Consti-
tution to suit northern views, and makes it a sec-
tional instrument rather than a national one, as
evinced in the following resolution of the Repub-
licans—of which we complain:
" That we deny the authority of Congress, of a Territo-
rial Legislature, of any individual or association of indi-
viduals, to give legal existence to slavery in any Territory
of the United States, while the present Constitution shall
be maintained."
Is not this sectionalism ?
Mr. NORTON. Does my colleague deny the
power in Congress to prohibit slavery in the
Territories ?
Mr. MORRISON. I am not a Yankee, nor
the son of a Yankee.
Mr. NORTON. I am both.
Mr. MORRISON. I do not answer one ques-
tion by asking another.
Mr. NORTON. Will the gentleman answer
my question ? Does he deny that Congress has
the power to prohibit slavery in the Territories:
Mr. MORRISON. Let me answer one before
you ask another.
Mr. NORTON. It will no t take a minute.
Mr. MORRISON. I cannot longer yield to
this interruption. I would like to know, how-
ever, how many more questions the gentleman
has in store ?
Mr. NORTON. I have no written questions
in my drawer. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRISON. It is surprising that the
gentleman should recollect so many without
having them registered.
The next resolution of the Republican platform
is as follows:
" That the Constitution confers upon Congress sovereign
power over the Territories of the United States for their
government; and that in the exercise of this power, it is
both the right and the duty of Congress to prohibit in the
Territories those twin relics of barbarism—polygamy and
slavery."
If Congress possesses sovtreign power, they
possess it from the Constitution. Now, a party
that declares that aconstitutional power delegated
to the Federal Government shall be exercised
only for the benefit of one section, to the preju-
dice of the other, is a sectional party. Is there
any higher criterion by which to judge it than
its platform of principles? I know of none.
In the preceding resolution the existence of
sovereign power is denied, and in this the power
is upheld. I know only of two classes of sover-
eign power that can be exercised by Government
—an absolute sovereignty, the other limited.
They deny the power of Congress to establish
slavery, and, therefore, deny to Congress the
absolute sovereignty over the subject. Then, if
the declaration is true, the " sovereign power
of legislation" exists in its limited form. I call
upon gentlemen to point me in the Constitution,
which they say creates this power in Congress,
to any restriction or limitation upon its exercise
That it shall exist in one direction, but not in '
the other, is an idea born of the brain and hectic
cheek of this Republican organization, and is
interpreting the Cbnstitution to advance northern
views rather than national interests.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Wasiibukx]
says that the Republican party recognizes the
equality of the States. Sir, I deny it. The
phraseology in their platform has been carefully
guarded. There were cunning heads and cunning
hands engaged in the preparation of this Repub-
lican platform.
The Democratic platform asserts the equality
of the States, and the sovereignty of the people.
The Republican party do not assert the equality
of the States, but very guardedly use this lan-
guage:
11 Resolved, That the maintenance of the principle? pro-
mulgated in the Declaration oflndependence, and embodied
in the Federal Constitution, is essential to the pn^etvaron
of our republican institutions; and that the Federal Con
stjtution, the rights of the States, and the Union of the
States, must and shall be preserved."
