1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83
The expression, "rights of the States," has
been substituted for " equality of the States;" and
under this banner they seek to band together the
northern States in an organization against the
equality of the South, against southern institu-
tions, and to carry out what they call the rights
of the States, by invading and destroying their
equality.
But, sir, these Republican gentlemen, in their
assaults upon the message, argue the Kansas and
Nebraska bill upon the assumption that it was
the intention in framing that bill, and the inten-
tion of the Democratic party, to carry slavery
into the Territories of the Union. Sir, as a man
born in the North, and reared in the North,
with northern sentiments and northern feelings,
but with an equal devotion for the Constitution
and union of these States and for the rights of
our brethren in the South, if I believed the object
and intent of the Democratic party was to extend
slavery into the Territories of this Union by
positive legislation, I would to-day discard the
Democratic party, and, though I could not go
over to the Republicans, I would form a party
of my own.
Where is the evidence to be found that it is the
intention of the Democratic party to extend sla-
very into the Territories of the Union ? Gentle-
men on the other side say that the repeal of the
Missouri restriction line contains within it inher-
ent evidence of such an intention upon the part
of the Democratic party. I have heard gentle-
men in the free States illustrate the operation of
the law by asking, what would you say of a man
who opened the floodgates of his dam and inun-
dated his neighbor's field, if he should say in
extenuation that he did not know the water-would
run out of the dam? "What would you say of a
man who should tear down the fence round his
neighbor's field, and allow the cattle to destroy
his neighbor's crops, and then say he did not
intend them to go there?
These have been the illustrations which are
resorted to by some of the Republicans in the
free States. The fatal error is, that the laws of
nature require water to seek its level, and the
in-stincts of nature require the brute creation to
seek the fairest pasture. But, sir, the Democratic
party appeal not to the law of nature nor of
instinct. It appeals to that higher principle
emanating from the Deity itself, a part of the
godhead implanted in the human heart — the
reason and the intellect of man. It is in the
exercise of these high attributes, in shaping
for themselves the domestic institutions under
which they prefer to live, that the Democratic
party appealed to the people with confidence for
its vindication. It was not designed to extend
_negro slavery into the Territories; but to extend
"the freedom of the white man, freedom for the
people, to regulate their own domestic institutions
in their own way. It designed to remove the
exciting and dangerous topic of slavery from
these Halls, and transfer it to the people who are
to live under the institution if they establish it.
But the Republican party say that they stand
upon the platform of 1850. Sir, we all remember
that time when the question of slavery convulsed
this land; when wise and patriotic men from one
end of the Union to the other waited in breath-
less expectation upon the deliberations of that
Congress. We recollect that the leaders of both
parties locked their arms and their hearts together
fo,r the preservation of the Constitution and the
Union, and for the restoration of the peace and
the quiet of the country. The principal enact-
ment, passed for the accomplishment of that ob-
ject, was the act known as the fugitive slave law
for tho rendition of fugitives from labor, to carry
out in good faith the provisions of the Constitu-
tion upon that subject. This Republican party
is as silent as the grave upon it. Another of the
leading measures, passed at that time, %vas the
act for the admission of California into the Union;
and still another was the act for the organization
of the Territories of New Mexico and Utah, and
in the organization of those Territories they in-
augurated the great principle, not of establishing
a geographical line for the regulation of slavery,
but that man is capable of governing himself and
of forming and regulating his own institutions.
That, sir, was the great principle then inaugu-
rated. Do the Republican party stand by it now?
They deny that "neither Congress, nor the
Territorial Legislature, nor any association of in-
dividuals, have the right to give legal existence to
slavery in any of the Territories of the Union
while the present Constitution is in existence."
I said that this platform emanated from old
heads and cunning hands. They made it broad
enough to enable them to go before the people
of the northern States, and maintain upon it the
doctrine that neither Congress nor the Territorial
Legislature had power to establish slavery in any
territory of the Union. Such was their object,
and such their intent. But, Mr. Speaker, by
that declaration they denied what was the funda-
mental principle of the California bill, and of the
Utah and New Mexico bill; the principles of
which were indorsed by the political parties of
1852.
I have said that when the Missouri restriction
line was repealed, I was a Whig, and, in com-
mon with the party to which I belonged, I was
opposed to the passage of the bill. I moved in
the Senate of the State of Illinois a resolution in
favor of its restoration. But, sir, being now a
Democrat, having, from necessity, joined the
Democratic party, I approve, now, of the prin-
ciples which it enunciates, and of the principles
which lie at the foundation of the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill. I sanction the action of the Dem-
ocratic party in the repeal of the Missouri re-
striction line, and I indorse the daring, fearless,
and intelligent arguments of the President in
vindication of the policy of that measure.
Sir, the Missouri line had its origin in wrong.
It originated in the tyrant's plea " that might
makes right," which this Republican party and
its platfoim have denounced with such severity.
Missouri pleaded for admission into the Union.
She had a right to come m on an equality with
the other States, under the Federal Constitution,
and by the treaty with France. She was ex-
cluded from admission. Bywhom? By the North,
Gentlemen on both sides then came forward and
agreed to assent to the line of 36° 30', above
which slavery should not go, as a condition of
her admission into the Union. But the time
arrived when southern gentlemen, when the
Democratic party, when the advocates of the
great principle of.the people's sovereignty, could
rescue this arbitrary power, and when they could
constitutionally be restored to their equality they
did rescue it. At once the cry was raised at the
North of southern aggression. But where is the
evidence of aggression on the part of the South?
Can any gentleman answer ? Is it to be found
in that act of Virginia, that old Commonwealth,
when she ceded to the General Government after
the revolutionary war, the mighty empire of the
Northwest—a country which now contains seven
millions of freemen and five States, in order to
pay the expenses of the revolutionary war ? Sir,
there are upon this floor fifty Representatives
from the Northwest, who owe their presence
here as Representatives of free States, to the gen-
erous act of that gallant old Commonwealth,
Virginia, which now belongs to the party which
is assailed by them. There are no aggressions
upon the part of the South. They only ask for
their constitutional rights. I, sir, asaRepresent-
ative from the North, am in favor of maintaining
to the South her constitutional rishts—one jot or
one tittle beyond I never will go. If southern
men expect me to advocate slavery, if they expect
me to approve of the institution", or ever to give
a vote which will be an active agency in extend-
ing it, they expect more than they will see. But
if southern men expect me to stand up to the
provisions of the Federal Constitution, to aid
them in defense of their constitutional rights, to
require a fugitive slave lav/ which shall execute
the Federal Constitution in good faith, which
shall require northern men, when called upon by
the proper officers, to execute the law, I extend to
them the right hand of fellowship; and till then,
I aim at no. higher achievement, and no higher
object, than to aid in carrying out the Consti-
tution of my country and "the laws passed in
conformity to it, and' I invoke no higher law to
destroy this constitutional provision. I will appeal
to no conscience, I will invoke no clergymen to
inform me what my duty to God is upon that
subject. I will render to " Cresar the things
which are Ca:sar's, and to God the things which
belong to God." I know of no higher aim than
to sustain, support, and defend the Constitution,
my country, and the laws enacted according to
it. Where there is a constitutional question, there
is a tribunal created for its decision. That tri-
bunal is the Supreme Court of the United States.
The law, as expounded by it, challenges my
readiest obedience.
I was astonished to hear the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Gidbixgs] allude to tne distinguished
Senator from Illinois, and declare that he, upon
the floor of the Senate, asserted that the Declara-
tion of Independence, in which it is declared that
all men were born with certain inalienable rights,
was a palpable lie. And, sir, he said so because
it was an insult to Jefferson, to Madison, to
Washington, and all the great leaders of the rev-
olutionary times.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I presume the gentleman
does not wish to misrepresent me. I referred to
the former Senator from Indiana, Mr. Pettit.
Mr. MORRISON. Indiana was born of the
Northwestern Territory, as well as Illinois; and
I take upon myself not to vindicate the honor-
able Senator from Indiana, but to carry the war
into Africa itself. It was an insult to the memory
of Washington,and to the memory of Jefferson,
Madison, and all our revolutionary fathers. That
was the reason assigned by the honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio for adverting to that remark.
In the Republican platform, which I believe
,the gentleman from Ohio participated in framing,
polygamy and slavery are classed together, and
denounced as twin relics of barbarism. Wash-
ington, Jefferson, and Madison, who aided so
efficiently in our independence, and announced
to the world the great principles which lie at the
foundation of our Government, were slaveholders,
and slaveholders until their death; and the mem-
bers of the Republican party who stand up and
declare slavery the relic of barbarism, the twin-
sister of polygamy, and deny that our Govern-
ment was made for white men, have the boldnesa
in the free States to claim nationality of princi-
ples and organization, while assailing the institu-
tions of one half of the Union, the memories of
its greatest men, and denouncing them as no
better than Mohammedans.
If I understand the doctrine of the Republican
party, they hold that slavery exists only by rea-
son of positive law; that as soon as a slave touches
free territory he becomes free. If so, why the
necessity of a Missouri restriction ? I do not
wonder that southern men—Democrats and Fill-
more—are tenacious of their rights. They have
§15,000,000 invested in slave property. This
property is endangered by fanatics in the North.
Suppose the northern factories were threatened
with destruction, as this party now threatens the
domestic institution of the South;—would not
northern men defend this invasion of their rights?
The southern man claims the right to carry his
property to the Territories, under the Constitu-
tion. If he is right, then the Missouri restriction
was unconstitutional. So that, whether we sur-
vey this question from the northern stand-point
or the southern, the controversy amounts to
nothing.
The northern mind has been greatly inflamed
on the subject of slavery extension. I do not
believe any question was ever so misrepresented
as that has been in the contest just closed. It
was alleged in German papers, particularly in
my district, tiiat the Democratic party wished to
extend slavery over the free States; and, while
on the stump advocating freedom for the people
of the Territories, I was called a slavery propa-
gandist. We all know it was in the name
of freedom that this contest was waged in the
North by the Republican party. It was not that
spirit of freedom which lies at the foundation of
our institutions—not that revolutionary freedom
which proclaimed the equality of man and his
right to frame his institutions in his own way,
but that other spirit which announced to the mil-
lions of slaves in the South, " We despise the
chains which enslave you. Wedeplore your loss
of social and political equality; we sympathize
in the misfortunes by which you are over-
whelmed; but, by the excitement we have cre-
ated in the northern mind, under the aegis of our
a filiated societies, w<? ai*e fssk approaching that
day when, in the language of Irish oratory, no
matter what complexion incompatible wuh tree-
dom an African sun may have hui ,ied upon you,
with what solemnities of Qonsti^utional law you
