86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
' and he brought them all to the work of expound-
ing the Constitution. He almost began the sys-
tem of exposition, and went far towards its com-
pletion. But Judge Marshall certainly, in the
decision which I have read, and upon which I
propose to detain the Senate with a few remarks,
does hot evince his usual power of research and
clearness of investigation. And I will add that,
if the Supreme Court of the United States had
often made such decisions, or rather had given
such reasons for them, they would not have
attained the position they now deservedly hold
in the high estimation of the country. What
does Judge Marshall say ? Let me remark, he
was a man who saw clearly, and clearly ex-
pressed what he saw. But what is the amount
of this decision ? The power of Government is
derived from four different sources, some of them
in the Constitution and some of them out of it,
leaving the reader in doubt as to which of them,
or whether either of them, was the true one.
He does not come to the point of true jurisdic-
tion, and rest there, but leaves the mind of the
reader in the same uncertainty which had taken
possession of his own. Here are his words:
" Florida continues to be a Territory of the United States,
governed by virtue of that clause in the Constitution winch
empowers Congress' to make all needful rules and regula-
tions concerning the territory or other property belonging
to the United States.' "
If the court had stopped there, there would
have been no doubt of their views. But they
did not. The very next sentence throws the
matter into confusion. Thus it reads:
" Perhaps the power of governing a Territory belonging
to the United States, which lias not, by becoming a State,
acquired tile means of self-government, may result neces-
sarily from the facts, that it is not within the jurisdiction of
any particular State, and is within the power and jurisdic-
tion of the United States. The right to govern mav'be the
inevitable consequence of the right to acquire territory."
After first deciding that the power is derived
from the right to regulate the public property,
the Chief Justice hesitates, and throws doubts
upon his own views by saying, that perhaps this
power results from the fact that the Territory is
not within the jurisdiction of any particular State,
and is within the power and jurisdiction of the
United States. And he adds that the right to
govern may be (doubtful again) the inevitable
consequence of the right to acquire territory.
I do not precisely understand whether this in-
evitable consequence is derived solely from the
fact of jurisdiction, or is connected with the power
of acquisition, and is derived from it. It seems
tt) put the power upon the ground that Congress
must exercise it because there is no other power
to do so. Whether, therefore, this view em-
braces two sources of jurisdiction or only one, I
do not undertake to determine. But there is still
another derivation of this authority suggested by
the court. It is this. The Chief Justice says,
speaking of the territorial courts:
" Thoy are legislative courts, created in virtue of the
general right of sovereignty which exists in the Govern-
ment. "
Here is another foundation, certainly the third
and perhaps the fourth upon which the super-
structure of legislation is constructed, and all
are qualified with a " perhaps." This is not the
way in which Judge Marshall usually expressed
his convictions. His mind was clear. His lan-
guage was distinct, and left no doubt upon the
mind of the reader. Those characteristics are
not found here. His doubts are obvious. No
man can question that he came to the considera-
tion of this subject with a preconceived opinion
that the power had long been exercised and
ought to be supported, and that he examined the
Constitution for that purpose and with this im-
pression.
But this is not all. After enumerating these
various sources of power the Chief Justice re-
marks, " Whichever may be the source whence
the power is derived, the possession of it is un-
questioned."
That is not the way the supreme tribunal of
this country have_ met constitutional questions,
nor is it the way in which this question should
be met. We did not want the court to tell us
whether Congress had possession of the power,
or, in other words, exercised it. Every man who
has read a page of the history of his country, or
knew anything of its political proceedings, knew
that. It had been exercised from the foundation
of this Government. The question before the
court, and which should have been met at once,
was, does the Constitution grant the authority ;
and if so, by what provision ? They should
have met that point clearly, and not have thrown
doubts upon the subject by saying, whichever is
the authority, whether under the first, second,
third, or fourth of these provisions, or any other,
Congress have got possession of the power.
They have not got lawful possession of it if the
Constitution does not confer it. X repeat, the
question before the court was not, whether Con-
gress was in possession of the power, but whether
Congress was lawfully and constitutionally in
possession of it? That was the-point which was
submitted to the court, and they have been fol-
lowed by other jurists in the same course. Hear
what Chancellor Kent says on this point:
" It would seem, from the various congressional regula-
tions of the Territories belonging to the United States, that
Congress have supreme power, and the government of
them, depending on their sound discretion."
How does that appear ? The learned com-
mentator does not say it appears by the Consti-
tution, but " it would seem from the various
congressional regulations." That is not an expo-
sition of the Constitution of the United States.
It is a mere historic fact. That was not the
point the commentator was approaching. The
point he was approaching was, where did they
get the power? He avoids that, turns and says,
it appears they have it, because there are certain
congressional regulations touching it!
Mr. President, allow me to say a few words on
the assumption, that Congress has the power to
govern aTcrritory, because it possesses the power
" to dispose of and make all needful rules and
regulations concerning the territory and other
property belonging to the United States." The
Senator from Maine, [Mr, Fessenden,] at the
last session I believe, maintained that the word
" territory" in that clausc of the Constitution,
was not equivalent to the word " land." When
I remarked to him that the Supreme Court had so
dccided, the Senator doubted it. But, decision
or no decision, the phraseology is clear that the
word " territory "does not mean a political com-
munity, but necessarily means property—" Con-
gress shall have power to dispose of and make
all needful rules and regulations concerning the
territory or other property belonging to the United
Stdt69 ''
Mr." FESSENDEN. I think the Senator is
mistaken as to the ground which I took. My
impression is, that the question was started by
himself. I' contended that Congress had the
jurisdiction under that clause of the Constitution.
He referred me to the fact of a decision that the
word " territory" in that connection meant
" land." I did not deny the proposition that it
meant land in a certain aspect; but I contended
that it as well gave the power of legislation as
the power to make rules and regulations in re-
gard to land as property.
Mr. CASS. It is hardly worth while to go
back to that question. The Senator maintained
that Congress derived the right of legislation from
that phrase; but I contended that the decision of
the Supreme Court was in the face of that con-
struction. I repeat, that if there were no decis-
ion on the subject, the expression, " territory
or other property," proves conclusively that the
word " territory" is there used as a species of
property. " Territory" is a branch of property,
if you should say " horses and other domestic
animals," no man would doubt that you included
horses among domestic animals. Wherever you
use a specific term, and then go on to add to it a
general one, the former is included in the latter.
The slightest knowledge of English syntax will
satisfy any man of that. But I have in my hand
the decision of the Supreme Court, and I will
read it. It was delivered by Judge Thompson
on that very point:
" The Constitution of the United States (article four,
section three) provides ' That Congress shall have power to
dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations
respecting the territory or other property belonging to the
United States.' The term territory, as here used, is meiely
descriptive of one kind of property, and is equivalent to
the word lands."— United States vs. Gratiot, 14 Peters, 543
The phrase, then, according to this construc-
tion of the Supreme Court, would read thus:
" Congress shall have power to dispose of and
make all needful rules and regulations concerning
the lands of the United States." How, after main-
taining that property meant land, the Court could
decide that it carried with it general political juris-
diction,! do notundertake toexplain. Gentlemen
on the other side contend that the power to regu-
late lands includes all the power of life and death,
and all political jurisdiction over the people living
upon or near them. There is no phraseology to
justify so extensive a construction. I will not
go into that question now; I have done so before.
All I have to say is, that if the members of the
convention which formed this Constitution, who
are so renowned in our history for the precision
of their language, used such a term for such a
purpose, they are little entitled to the high char-
acter they enjoyed. When they meant to give
general legislative power they knew how to ex-
press their object. They did not use such a
phrase in regard to the District of Columbia, and
other places over which exclusive jurisdiction is
given. They provided that the Government shall
possess exclusive legislation over the District
ceded for the seat of Government, and over
places ceded for forts, arsenals, &c., not that
Congress shall have power to regulate them.
When they designed to give general jurisdiction,
they knew the proper terms to employ, and here
they did not employ them.
But there is a question connected with this pre-
tension which I have already put in the Senate,
but to which I have never received an answer. I
will put it again; and if it can be fairly answered
I will abandon the controversy. It is this: if your
power to establish governments depends upon
your power to regulate the public lands belong-
ing to the United States, I ask you where you
get the power of government over land or terri-
tory which never belonged to the United States?
I desire to know where, in the establishment of
the Northwestern Territory, you got the power to
govern the extensive region, equal to some o>f the
States, between the Scioto and Little Miami riv-
ers, in the State of Ohio, which was never ceded
to the Union, but was reserved by the State of
Virginia, and disposed of by her? I desire also
to know where you got the power to exercise
legislation over the district of country in which
the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade]
lives, called the Connecticut Western Reserve,
lying upon the southern coast of Lake Erie, and
extending one hundred and twenty miles east and
west, by about forty north and south, and which
was reserved by the State of Connecticut, and
never passed to the United States? And I put a
similar inquiry with respect to Tennessee when it
was the Southwestern Territory. It was a cession
from North Carolina, but seven eighths of the
land were reserved by that State. And a similar
state of things, though to a less extent, existed
in almost all the new Territories, much of them
being held by individuals before the institution
of territorial governments.
If you derive the right to govern the Territories
from the power to regulate the public lands be-
longing to the United States—that is the term—
what right have you to establish general political
jurisdiction over land that never was owned by
the United States ?
But to render the subject still clearer, I will
change the question; I ask you what power have
you to govern land after it has ceased to be the
property of the United States? When a man goes
into a Territory and buys one hundred acres of
land, if your right to govern him depends upon
your right to regulate the public land, how is your
Government continued, after the land is pur-
chased, and ceases to be the property of the
United States? Your power is to regulate land
belonging to the United State, to pass needful
rules and regulations concerning it; but you go
on with your legislation after the constitutional
object to which it is applicable has passed from
you.
Mr. WADE. I wish to ask the Senator from
Michigan whether he has voted for any of those
territorial bills?
Mr. CASS. I have voted for a number of
them, and should do so to-day. I have met that
point before.
Mr. WADE. I want to know whether the
Senator considered that he had any constitutional
power to do so, and to provide for appointing
the governors and judges of the Territories by
this Government?
Mr. CASS. The Senator has not done me tha
