THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
Mr. CASS. There is no such thing, in that
ease, as what the Senator calls sovereignty. The
acquired-territory becomes a part of the United
States. If you seek where sovereignty is depos-
ited, you will find it ia in the States respectively
and the people.
. Mr. FESSENDEN. What people?
Mr. CASS. The people of the United States,
ia: the words of the. Constitution.
.$Tr. FESSENDEN. Who exercises their
power?
. Mr. CASS. The officers or departments they
designate for that purpose.
•Mr. -FESSENDEN. That is,'their Govern-
ment.
Mr. CASS. Their Government exercises only
the powers which the Constitution gives it a right
to exercise. There is no residuary clause giving
it all power. Your Government is one of express
grant, : ,
•Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose there is no man
in the territory at all; is ill etc no sovereignty
over it?
.. Mr. CASS. I really do not understand what
the'gentleman means by his rather metaphysical
inquiry. What is sovereignty? I take it that
.sovereignty is about equivalent to independence.
■ The sovereignty of a nation is its right to be one
. of the family of nations, and to exercise all the
privileges which belong to that position. The
•United States have power to own or acquire
territory. They do so; but what ia then to be
donewjth such acquisitions, depends on the pro-
visions of the Constitution. The Constitution
, authorises Congress to sell this territory. But
suppose that instrument had not conferred this
power, could they do that act as sovereigns ?
The Constitution gives you a right to declare
war. You can declare war, not because you are
sovereign, but .because your sovereigns have
given you that authority. You cannot maintain
any other doctrine under a Constitution not only
of limited but of granted powors—under a Con-
stitution which declares that every power not
therein granted, belongs to the States or to the
people.
Mr. BUTLER. If my friend from Michigan
will pardon me, I wish to put a question to the
Senator from Maine.
...Mr« CASS. I will do so.
, , Mr, FESSENDEN. I am not upon the stand;
but I have no objection.
Mr. BUTLER. I think these intcrpolatory
remarks are embarrassing; but I want to know
of the Senator from Maine, and all those who
seem to go under his banner, whether they con-
tend that Congress, under the Constitution of the
United States, has unlimited sovereignty? In
other word?, I wish to know whether in the gov-
ernment of the Territories, as has been contended
by- some .of ,th® .-gentlemen, Congress has all the
powers derived from the Constitution, and all the
intrinsic powers of sovereignty belonging to the
States ?
^ Mr. FESSENDFX. It has unlimited sover-
eignty, so far as that sovereignty is not limited
by the Constitution itself.
Mr. BUTLER. That is nothing at all. Sov-
ereignty is supreme law, and, as my friend from
Michigan says, it is derived from the States or
the people..
Mr. CASS. You cannot find the word " sov-
ereignty" in the Constitution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nor the word'' slavery''
either.
■ Mr.'CASS, That has nothing to do with the
point. Sovereignty is one of the attributes of
national existence under the law of nations. The
power-it confers under those laws is one subject
of inquiry; the authority that shall exercise
-those powers is another and totally different one,
and depends not on the public law of the world,
but on the municipal law. For the one, you con-
sult all the great writers upon the law of nations,
embodying the accredited opinions of the world;
for the other, you consult your own Constitution.
Portions of our sovereignty are vested in Con-
gress.and portions of it in the President. They
ap there because they are placed there by the
Constitution, and not because they belong to the
ffKf attribute of national existence.
i-a he honorable Senator from Vermont—and I
didnot precisely know the object of his investi-
gation—went on to refer to the acquisition of
Louisiana from France, seeming to contrast that
title with the title of the other Territories on the
east side of the Mississippi. I do not myself
perceive any difference in principle, except one,
and that I considered some time ago. If the
power to institute governments be derived from
the treaty-making power, Congress clearly had
more authority west of the Mississippi than east
of that river. The territory on the east side of
the Mississippi was a part of the original terri-
tory of the United States, and was never acquired
by treaty. We refused, every gentleman knows,
to accept from England a grant of country. What
our commissioners insisted on, was the recogni-
tion of the thirteen colonies, embracing all the
country east of the Mississippi. But Congress
derives no power of government from any treaty
or bargain. It derives no power of government
from the contract with Virginia for the cession
of the country. That cession yielded the rights
of Virginia; but what Congress could do when it
acquired those rights, you must go to the Con-
stitution to ascertain. We acquired the sover-
eignty of Louisiana from France, and its right
over the people there; but what Congress could
do to carry into effect the provisions of the treaty,
they must seek in the Constitution; for if the
power exists, it is there; and if it is not there, it
does not exist. Congress may say, as they did
say in the contract with Virginia and with France,
" we will lay off the territory into States.'' They
have a right to admit new States; but if they had
not, they would have no authority to fulfill their
engagements. But in both cases, the one on the
east and the other on the west side of the Mis-
sissippi, the power to establish governments
depends upon the Constitution.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him ?
Mr. CASS. I will.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator does not
understand the purpose I bad in view in those
quotations. 1 am perfectly aware that the United
States, under the articles of confederation before
the adoption of the Constitution, considered that
they acquired by the treaty of peace with Great
Britain all the power and jurisdiction to the
whole limits covered by that treaty, whether
within a particular State or not, which the British
Government had. The British Government had
entire jurisdiction of all the territory beyond the
Ohio. There were two sorts of colonies. One
was royal colonies, which were nothing but royal
grants. In all such cases where they were royal
colonies, not proprietary colonies, the Crown had
the right to curtail those colonies when it pleased,
having entire control, with no individual property
in tliem. When the treaty of peace was made,
all that power of the British Government passed
into this Government. Part of the territory
beyond the Ohio was claimed under proprietary
giants, and some by the royal colonies. Con-
necticut had a claim to territory there, as well
as to jurisdiction. ^ It was a colony with that
grant of land or title to a proprietary grant.
When Connecticut ceded it to the United States
it ceded the land—the territory. Inasmuch as
the United States desired to have no controversy
among the several States, they took whatever
claims each chose to give. They quit-claimed
whatever they had. That is the way the Vir-
ginia grant was worded. Virginia was entirely
a royal colony, not a proprietary colony, and she
had no jurisdictional rights. But my desire was
not to go back mto that question, inasmuch as it
had been claimed in modern times, and especially
by Virginia, that she made the grant to the United
States, without which the United States would
not have had any title. I was willing to start
from that point, and show that the nature of the
title, and the jurisdiction which the United States
had over Louisiana was precisely the same as
that which they had over the country beyond
the Ohio.
Mr. CASS. It is not the same at all. The
purchase of Louisiana, it is contended, and I
will grant it for the sake of argument, depended
upon the treaty-making power. It was acquired
from France. On the east side of the Missis-
sippi the several States held all their lands in their
own right wherever situated, whether in the new
or ln, old portions of the country. They did
not hold them by cession, nor by treaty acqui-
sition. We refused to make any treaty with
England admitting her power of cession. Wc re-
quired an acknowledgment, recognition indeed,
that the thirteen United States were independent
within the boundaries specified. Their rights
followed of course. The western country was
not acquired by treaty any more than Massa-
chusetts or Virginia was acquired by it.
If the word "colonies" had been used in the
Constitution instead of the word " territory,"
we should have avoided a vast deal of difficulty
that has now arisen. We have given a new
meaning to the term. We have applied it to a
' 'political community,'' an application which was
unknown at the time the Constitution was formed.
Originally, the whole country north of the Ohio
was called the Northwestern Territory, including
in that term a large extent of country. If we
had used the word "colonies" we should not
have been misled by the double meaning of the
word.
I have regretted, Mr. President, deeply, a great
deal of the discussion in which the Senate haa
found itself engaged for some days. It appears
to me not only profitless, but mischievous. I
have no desire to participate in it. I have heard
assaults upon the President of the United States,
the spirit and the terms of which gave me much
pain—unbecoming the character of the Senate,
and unbecoming its relations with a coordinate
branch of the Government. These imputations
serve to bring reproach upon the Senate, and are
more injurious to us than to the high officer at
whom they are cast.
I do not design to enter into a consideration of
the President's message. That task has been
well performed by the honorable Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. PtrGH.1 I think he has shown con-
clusively that the President has not transcended
his constitutional power and constitutional duties.
Any President of this Union who sees danger in
the course of events at any moment, has a right
to appeal to Congress, and to warn them, and
the country, of the real state of things. This, of
course, is to be done without improper individual
application. There is no gentleman here, I trust,
who has any such design as a separation of this
Union; but the President may have believed, and
I believe, that the tendency of many of the
measures now in contemplation, will* if success-
ful, inevitably lead to that great calamity. I
charge no gentlemen here with participating in
such efforts. I do not believe there is a single
member of the Senate who desires such a result.
But the public mind is inflamed, and the evil is
increased by our discussions. Events are passing
around us which no man could have foreseen or
anticipated a few years ago.
T agree with the President that there is danger;
and, in my opinion, he does right in spreading
that danger before Congress, and before his coun-
trymen. I thank him fordoing so. I am no
defender of the Administration. They .do not
need my aid, and I do not constitute myself their
advocate; but I will say this for the expiring
Administration: that they will leave the country
—unless, indeed, some unforeseen accident should
occur between now and the 3d of March—enjoy-
ing peace and honor abroad, and tranquillity at
home, and in a state of prosperity and freedom
and security, except in relation to one question
not within their control, such as this world has
never seen since the institution of human govern-
ments.
During the presidential cycle that is now pass-
ing away, most important and dangerous ques-
tions with 'foreign countries have arisen, and
brought us into contact, and almost into conflict,
with other nations. These are gone —all have
disappeared, all have been settled honorably and
satisfactorily; and the country never enjoyed
a higher character and distinction among the
Powers of the earth than at this very moment.
So at home tranquillity prevails from one end, of
the Union to the other. Those who have been
concerned in this Administration, in my opinion,
may look back with high gratulation upon their
labors. I do not approve everything they have
done. I do not suppose they have always been
right; but to commit errors is a lot incident to
humanity. But if you survey their measures,
you will find the country has been carried through
a series of difficult events, to have surmounted
which deserves the approbation of the American
people; and history will render that justice to the
