1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
01
Mr. President, that during the recent election
through which we have passed, there were many
votes—ay, many thousands of votes—given in the
United States not bearing upon the true question
of the constitutional rights of the South, but
looking alone to the question of slavery itself.
I believe that vast numbers of voters considered
the subject presented to them was, the institution
of slavery, and feeling that it was abhorent to
them, they cast their ballots, as they thought,
against it. They yielded to a cherished senti-
ment, and did not abstract themselves from it,
nor look to the rights given to another portion of
the Confederacy by the Constitution itself. It
was a vote upon the institution of slavery, and
that constitutes the very danger which hangs over
us. Abstracted from constitutional rights, the
vote comes directly to the question of the exist-
ence of slavery. This feeling was unknown till
within a few years. It has now taken posses-
sion of the hearts and minds of men, and I fear
■will go on with its work.
Men talk about the dissolution of the Union as
they talk about the division of a township. But
a few years since we had one unpronounceable
word, and we ought to have it now, like the in-
terdicted name among the Jews, and that word
is " Dissolution." But it has become almost as
familiar as a household term. We hear it every-
where. It finds ready tongues to utter it, willing
ears to hear it, and responsive hearts to receive
it. I confess this excites my fear. No man can
say, in such a state of things, and with such a
wave spreading over the country, " Thus far will
it go, but no further." No man can tell how far
the inundation will reach, or what extent of
country it is destined to submerge.
Men say—it is said here, there is no ground for
apprehension. It is not the part of true wisdom
to shut our eyes to danger. We do not diminish
it by disregarding it. But it is the part of true
wisdom to watch its approach, and to be prepared,
as far as preparation can be made, to avert or to
remove it. Sir, there is danger. There is danger
to the South. There is danger to us. You cannot
keep this Government together by force. You
may by prudence and firmness put an end to mere
local disaffection. I do not believe in the right
of secession under the Constitution. But I believe
that the right of self-defense is as incident to
communities as to individ uals. And if the south-
ern portion of the Confederacy feel that they are
oppressed and dishonored, they will resort to the
extreme measure of separation. Now, if one half
of this Confederacy feel this to be their condi-
tion—if they believe their honor is assailed, their
interests attacked, and their equality under the
Constitution destroyed, and should determine to
abandon this political partnership, how are you
to retain them? It cannot be done. The mem-
bers of this great league were brought together
by a feeling of mutual affection and a conviction
of mutual interest, and they can only be kept
together by the same confidence and conviction.
If one portion is forever attacked and vilified by
opprobrious and injurious epithets, and assailed
by unjust and unfriendly conduct, it will no longer
remain united with you. The southern people
are a high-spirited and intelligent community.
They are jealous of their rights and honor, and
I believe prepared to do justice to others, while
they are equally prepared to enforce it for them-
selves.
Men talk about the pecuniary advantages of
the Union to the South, as if that were the only
consideration to be taken into view. Sir, this is
no question of mere political arithmetic. A peo-
ple jealous of their rights, and determined to
maintain- them, and imbued with a spirit of
honor, will not sit down, and coolly say the
Union is worth so much in dollars and cents.
Now, if we deduct so much for injuries to our
rights and interests and equality, a balance will
still remain in favor of our present political con-
dition, and we will, therefore, rest content with
it. That is not the way in which these great
questions are solved; and the people who would
submit to such a process of calculation are already
prepared for any degradation. It is what the
South will never do. It. is not what you and I
would do, if we were southern men. These are
not occasions for mere pecuniary considerations.
Such sentiments did not animate vour fathers
when the first gun from Bunker Hill boomed
through the world, announcing the opening of a
new era of freedom for the human race. They
did not stop to add and subtract and strike
the balance, and then decide by the difference in
figures. A mere handful of men entered into a
terrible contest with the most powerful nation in
the world. They came out of it gloriously for
themselves and for the hopes of mankind. Most
sincerely do I trust there will be no contest be-
tween the North and the South; but let no man,
in a spirit of blind confidence and presumption,
exclaim there is no danger.
I have no intention to enter into the general
considerations connected with the condition of
slavery. For me it is a constitutional and prac-
tical question. It is a part of the system of tac-
tics against it to say that the South is responsible
for its existence, and to look upon it'as an un-
mitigated evil, for which there is no justification,
if, indeed, there is palliation. All this is untrue
and unjust. I do not believe there ever was a
country in which slaves were better treated than
they are in the southern States. I believe that
the black race since its existence has been no-
where in a better condition than are the colored
people in the South. I am satisfied that they are
treated with all the kindness and consideration
which their condition requires and permits; and
I believe they are better treated than they would
be in some of the non-slaveholding States had
their fate been cast there.
I know something of the condition of slavery,
and I can speak from personal observation, for I
have lived in the midst of it. I have lived also
in the Old World; and I have seen more misery
in some of the proudest capitals of Europe than
I ever saw in our own favored land among bond
or free. The difficulties in the way of emanci-
pation are steadily kept out of view. Passion,
not reason, enters into the question. How can
you emancipate four or five millions of people in
the condition in which the southern slaves are
placed ? Even the experiment made by England
upon a smaller scale, a few years since, has been
pronounced by the English historian, Allison, in
his great work, to have been a failure. He says:
" The effect of the emancipation of the negroes has been
to rum our own planters, stop the civilization of our own
negroes, and double the slave-trade m extent, and quadruple
it m its horrors."
He adds:
" Disastrous as tile results have been to British interests,
both at home and in the West Indies, they are as nothing
to those winch have ensued to the negroes themselves."
To emancipate a comparatively small number
of slaves in a West India island, which may be
covered by the troops and surrounded by the
fleets of the mother country, is one thing. To
do the same deed in a far-spreading region,
measured not by miles, but by great circles of
the globe, and destitute of an organized military
force, is another and quite a different thing. The
problem of liberation is a fearful one. Its solu-
tion is beyond the sagacity of man. It can be
solved by God alone. Two races are placed in
contact, and have been so for ages. They are
different in castes, and color and condition. The
inferior is living with the superior in a state of
servitude; and this connection cannot be dissolved
without exciting the apprehensions of every right-
minded man. I would not emancipate the slaves
in the southern States to-morrow, were it m my
power.
Sir, we are fallen upon evil times, and the
existing state of things has given me intense
anxiety. I have been through life a firm believer
in the duration—I may almost say the perpetuity,
of this Union. The hope has been interwoven
with every fiber of my heart. The wish is as
strong as ever, but I am sorry to say that my
confidence is weaker. I was born before the Con-
stitution was adopted. I saw the difficulties of
its establishment. I witnessed the anxious soli-
citude which everywhere prevailed. Nothing
carried us through the crisis but the feeling of
the necessity of a more stable Government, and
the influence and patriotic exertions of the men
who had conducted the country through the toils
and trials of the Revolution, and at the head of
whom was Washington. Do you believe, sir,
that such a Constitution could be made and
adopted now? It would be impossible. There
would be prejudices and interests to encounter
and overcome, and feelings to contend with, which
would stand up in the path and mock your effort.
Cling to your institutions as they are, for if you
loose them you can never supply their place.
I have said that I witnessed the anxious soli-
citude for the adoption of the Constitution. It
contains a provision that, on the accession of the
ninth State, the new Government should go into
operation. My native State, New Hampshire,
had the enviable lot of being the ninth member
coming into the new Confederacy. I have an
impression of the feverish state of the public
mind when the fate of the measure was depending
before the Convention; and I can recall the relief
which was experienced when the result was
known. One burst of joy spread through the "
country.
Mr. President, I not only witnessed the birth
of this Constitution, but I have seen the progress
of the country which it has ruled in all the
elements of power and prosperity. We were a
little collection of remote colonies, shut in be-
tween the Atlantic and the Lakes, unknown to
the world, poor, feeble, and almost disunited.
We are now one of the greatest Powers on the
face of the globe; and never since the disper-
sion of the human family upon the plains of
Shinar, was there a people that possessed more
material prosperity nor more true freedom than
we enjoy at this day. May we be wise enough
to realize all this and hold on to our blessings!
To adopt the sentiment of Fisher Ames, when I
witness the contentions among us, I am some-
times filled with apprehension, that, old as I am,
I may yet outlive the Union and Constitution of
my country. God grant that no such misfortune
may be in store for me!
Mr, HALE obtained the floor.
Mr. RUSK. If the Senator will waive his
right for a few minutes, I desire to make a mo-
tion.
Mr. HALE. I shall not occupy long, and I
prefer to go on now; but I will yield to allow the
Senator to make any motion which will not take
the floor from me.
Mr. RUSK. I do not desire to do that. What-
ever opinions may have been entertained at the
commencement of this debate, it is now very clear
that it would be unjust to gentlemen on each side
of the Chamber to stop it. At the same time, it
is very evident that the discussion is delaying the
printing of the documents which are absolutely
necessary for us in the discharge of our duties,
and are almost indispensable to the committees.
This is a short session, and the delay of a few
days may be very injurious. I have a motion to
make which I think will not interfere with the
debate. I presume no gentleman on either side of
the Chamber who has engaged, or who is desirous
of engaging, in the discussion, wishes to embar-
rass or delay the printing of the documents. The
debate has been upon other and more important
matters; I therefore suggest, and hope the Senate
will unanimously accede to the suggestion, that
the vote be taken at once on the question of print-
ing the message and accompanying documents;
| and then I will make a motion, or any other gen-
: tleman can make it, which will keep the message
before the Senate for debate. A motion to recon-
sider the order to print might be made, though
perhaps that would not be the best mode, because
the printers might not be satisfied to go on with
the printing while a reconsideration was pending.
Probably it would be better to have the debate
go on upon the motion to refer the message to
the various committees.
Mr. ADAMS. I think the question now occu-
pies precisely the position which the Senator
from Texas desires. A motion was made to print
the message and documents. That was followed
by a motion to print an extra number, which has
given rise to the debate. I moved to refer the
proposition to print the extra numbers to ths
Committee on Printing; and that motion may be
retained, and the discussion go on upon it.
l Mr. HUNTER. It should be remembered that
the order for printing extra copies must be given
within a limited time, or the compensatIotl of the
printers is increased. Does the Senator from
Mississippi propose to reserve the question of
printing extra numbers ? ...
Mr. ADAMS. The pending question is the
proposition to refer to the Committee on Printing
the propriety of printing extra numbers.
Mr. RUSK. To Keep that question pending I
