1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9$
Sir, I commenced the remarks which were
made against the President's message; and it is
said that we have gone outside of our legitimate
place in making the remarks which have been sub- |
mined. So far as anything personal is concerned, j
I disclaim it. I think I did not use any person-
alities towards the President at this session, j
Perhaps I may plead guilty to having said a little
last session, but at this session I have carefully
refrained from it. I took the message and its
Mr. HALE. I did say it.
Mr. BIGLER. Has not that event come to
pass—the election of Mr. Buchanan r
Mr. HALE. I did say what ihe Senator from
Pennsylvania attributes to me, but I was con-
tradicted every time I came within ten feet of a
Democrat. [Laughter.] I am glad that ques-
tion is put to me. I did say it, but I was contra-
dicted everywhere, and nowhere more pertina-
ciously than in the State of Pennsylvania. I
saw, when I was in that State, large handbills,
sentiments; and we have been reproved for ad-
verting to them. The honorable Senator from ii calling together the Democracy to rally 44 in favor
Alabama, [Mr. Fitzpatrick,] in answer to that, [ \ of Buchanan, Breckinridge, and Free Kansas."
asks whether the President has committed any ;j I have got one of those hale things here. It is
breach of our privilege by giving us simply a !, a rich document. You see the "'Free Kansas"
truthful account of what has transpired ? There j | is the biggest part of it. I will read it. " ' The
is the whole controversy. If I could say that it ; j Union must and shall be preserved.'" "A
■was truthful, I should say there was no fault j; Democratic mass meeting will beheld at Cou-
to be found with it. The very pomt at issue be- , | dersport, Pennsylvania, on Tuesday, September
tween us is whether it is truthful or not? Thatij 16, afternoon and evening." "Let this be a
was the point. He begs thB whole argument. grand rally of 'the North tier'"—"the North
The position I took, and the position I adhered ; tier" is put in quotation marks to show that
to—I did not have the pleasure or honor of hear- j
ing the remarks of the Senator from Ohio [Mr. !
Pugh] yesterday; I understand he made a very |
satisfactory vindication of the President—but the :
charge I make against the President is that, under :
the pretense of a privilege conferred on him by j
the Constitution of giving us information of the i
state of the Union, he has arraigned the motives j
of those who differ from him. It is claimed that j
he had a right to do it, and to give a truthful 1
account of what has taken place. |
It was further indicated by the honorable Sen- j
ator from Pennsylvania, and claimed by a num- j
ber of his friends here, that the result of the late ]
election was an emphatic approval of the policy 1
which he had pursued. I think the President .
will be very glad to hear that.
tier" is put in quotation marks to show
there is emphasis to the " North" here; it is on
adjective; it has as many meanings as "terri-
tory" has, [laughter]—" m favor of Buchanan,
Breckinridge, and Free Kansas." Now, who
were to be the expounders of this doctrine of
"Buchanan, Breckinridge, and Free Kansas ?" X
will read:
" The following persons are to address the peo-
ple: Governor William Bigler, of Pennsylvania;
W. V. McKean, of Pennsylvania: Erastus C.
Grover, of New York; Gen. "William F. Packer,
of Pennsylvania; Col, S. G. Hathaway, of New
York; Col. C. L. Ward, of Pennsylvania."
All good men, I have no doubt; but the only !
man that gives character to it—the only one who j
has a historic reputation, is " Governor William i
Bigler." He heads the list. He is the snv-at |
He would have
been much more rejoiced if he could have heard !| expounder to the people of Pennsylvania of the
it about a year ago, before the Cincinnati Con-' i manner in which " free Kansas'*—andit is a great
vention sat. But you know, sir, I told him a j Kansas; much bigger than any of die rest of the
year ag;o that he was not going to gain anything j handbill, the only thing that caught the eye—he
by his journey South. I told him then that he '1 is the one to expound to the people of Pennsyl-
stood no more chance of a nomination at Cincin- ii vania how the election of Buchanan and Breck-
nati, than one of your pages here. He felt hurt !! inridge is to secure free Ivaxisas, (m large capi-
by it, though I understood he said thathe thought \ tals,) and then comes to the Senate and claim
he would make something by it; for the South
would be so indignant at having such a homely
truth delivered by an Abolitionist, that it would
rouse a little southern feeling, and he would get
the benefit of it at the Cincinnati Convention.
Hewent to Cincinnati buoyant with hope. Vir- j
ginia went there. He was the protege of Vir- j
ginia. He was taken, like David from tending his j
father's flock, by Virginia, and introduced four ,
years ago. It is now said he has been faithful; j
and there is a great debt of gratitude due to him ! :
It is intimated, however, that the fullness of time i
in which this gratitude is to manifest itself m !
such vivid characters that all the world can see I
it, has not yet quite arrived. I do not think it !
has arrived. |
But, sir, was it not ungrateful—I do not want j
to speak disparagingly of Virginia, because I ;
ncverwill so speak of any State, notwithstanding !
the President has so spoken of ten or eleven of |
them—was it not a little ungrateful, after Virginia !
had gone North, and taken her President, made ;
him prominent, covered him over with the highest
honors of the land, and he had been faithful, and
conducted his government so that it is now ad-
mitted there is a great debt of gratitude due to
him, to refuse him a rcnomination ? He would
have been glad ^to have compromised that debt.! make it so?" "Yes." " Well, now," said they, 1
I that the persuasion of his eloquence, which m-
| duced the people to go for Buchanan, Breckin-
| ridge, and free Kansas, has been converted,
somehow or other, into an indorsement of Frank-
lin Pierce and another kind of Kansas.
That is not a solitary instance. I was not
present when the honorable Senator made his
speech the other day,butl understand he declared
that he had never seen one of these handbills. I
do not doubt it, because he says so; but it is a
little curious.
Mr. BIGLER. I stated distinctly that I had
a knowledge of that handbill, though I never saw
it, and I was not at the meeting.
Mr. HALE. Then, sir, there was a double
fraud: first, in putting on " Free Kansas;" and
next, in notifying the people that free Kansas
was to be advocated by so distinguished a man. i
This was not all; this was not the only place m,
nor the only time at, which this doetrinc was put
forth. I met it in my own State; and. sir, the '
. advocates of free Kansas in New Hampshire on j
! the Democratic side pretended to have a purer |
; faith, and a more efficacious method. Their ar- \
j gument was this: "New Hampshire is a free !
: State; is it not!" " Yes," said I, " it is now." I
" Well, how did it becomc so; did not the people
make it so:" "Yes " " WpII. now.}} said thev.
of gratitude for four years longer in the White
House—he would have been very glad if he had
had the chance. Was it not a'little ungrateful :!
to turn him out—not to give him even the empty !j
honor of a simple majority in the nominating con- , j
vention? I feel hurt for the President. [Laughter.] n
I will say, as the honorable Senator from OIno
" will you not give to the people of Kansas the
privilege of making Kansas a free State by their
own act in the same manner that the people of
New Hampshire have made this a free State by
their own act?" They said, tins is the only
legitimate foundation upon which hbeny can be
placed—the only basis upon which it can have a
said, I am not here as his vindicator, but I would ii resting-place; ond if the people of Kansas, left
defend anybody who had been treated in this
way. [Laughter.]
I want to say one word in regard to the Presi-
dent's policy having been indorsed by the elec-
tion.
Mr. BIGLER. I will ask the Senator from
New Hampshire whether he was not in the habit
of saying, during the canvass, that the election
of Mr. Buchanan w ould be an indorsement of the
measures of President Pierce, and a perpetuity
of his policy?
to thenisehes. should introduce slavery, it would i.
be an anomaly too monstrous to be thought of: ij
it never had been, and never would be done: and ''
the true way to establish liberty m Kansas was '
to elect Buchanan and Breckinridge! So, then,
it was not peculiar to Pennsylvania, though Penn- ><
sylvania, I know, is older in this kind of hand- I
bills. I remember that, m another presidential !
contest, handbills were circulated m Peimsv.vama '■
inscribed " Polk, Dallas, and the TaruT of '4*2;" I,
but they were honest compared to this; and very |j
much more honest than the attempt now, after
this appeal has been made to the people to come
forward, and elect Buchanan and Breckinridge as
the sui*e way of giving freedom to Kansas, to
say that the result is an indorsement of the policy
of General Pierce and of his administration.
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Senator allow me to
say a v/ord or two ?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. BIGLER. I think he is a little severe on
those constituents of mine.
Mr. HALE. No; I want to compliment them.
Mr. BIGLER. I think there is no want of
honesty in that handbill. Is there any want of
sincerity in it? Is there any want of truth?
When and where did these people say they were
seeking to make Kansas a slave State? Where
have they done it? Where have the Democratic
leaders advocated that doctrine? In ridicule of
the position taken by our opponents, of the right
of congressional interference to establish what
they termed freedom in a Territory where they
had no right to interfere, we were in the habit of
saying that we were for free Kansas, because we
were for allowing the people of Kansas to do as
they saw proper on this question of a domestic
institution, which concerned themselves. We
said that Kansas was free when her people exer-
cised their own will. The definition on the other
side was, that Kansas was free when she obeyed
dictation. We talked about the free white people.
My friend is concerned entirely for the colored
race.
The Senator from New Hampshire seems to
be very familiar with handbills. He has seen
very many. I should like very much to inquire
whether he ever saw the letter which I hold m
my hand? I take it the Senator stands here as
the friend of the Union, determined to do justice
to all the States—at least those who act with him
hare distinctly denied here that they intended at
any time to interfere with the constitutional
rights of the States, or to disturb slavery where
it exists. The Senator from Maine [Mr. Fes-
sexden] maintained that they did not seek to
interfere with slavery where it exists, and that in
the contest the issue was confined to the exten-
sion cf slavery to the Territories.
Now, sir, I ask the Secretary to read this letter,
and the Senator may say whether it is his letter,
and if it is his, I ask what definition he puts on
it, and whether that letter does not present the
broad issue, whether slavery is to be disturbed in
the States, and is not a flat contradiction of what
was said by his friend from Maine and the Sen-
ator from Illinois, when they declared thaUwas
not the issue ?
The Secretary read the following letter:
{i Washington, *iuptst 10, 1856.
u Gentlemen: I have received your vtn pnlite note of
the 6th instant, inviting me to attend a ma-s-nKetms at the
Tabernacle, on the evening ot the -21st iiwant. I u-gret
that it is not in my power to he present with \ou on that
oecaMou, hut ni\ engagement;: will not pnnnnne. 1 rejoice
m yo>e- movement: I have laith and li^pe m pmgr* 1
look fnrwanl hopefully for the day when the uord slave
shall he without practical meaning in tlu^ oi the eastern
continent—when universal wen shall Hand oreet a* God
intt nded he should, calling on no lord or master <ave the
common Lotd ot' u* all, and recogmjruig no Government
&ave that which is founded on the pn.vip'les of eternal jus-
tice and universal right of hmnaniiv. If not believe :kat
the auction of Fihno-nt and Dayton wouhl le a step in t'uit
direction, the movement would receive little sympathyfrom
7716.''
Mr. HALE. I wrote that letter, and I think
it is a very good letter. [Laughter.] I certainly
do not believe that there is a Senator on this floor
who will not join in the wish which it expresses.
I think the Senator from Pennsylvania mistaken
the gentlemen representing slavehohling Srntey
as much as he does the Republican pariy, if he
thinks there is anything offensive to them in that
wish. I do not believe, and I say it here—I am
not in the habit of saying unkind things; some
people think I say extravagant thing'?, but I do
not—that there is "a Senator on tins floor (and I
appeal to the honorable Senator from South Car-
olina himself) who will disavow it. I will not
rebuke the Senator from Pennsylvania; but I ask
the Senator from South Carolina to do so. I ask
him whether he believes there is a gnod God
sitting on the throne of eternity; and \vne?1 j «.* r. in
the progress of time, in the revolution of
the great doctrines of the Christian reli^e-fi
not to be manifested and developed, so thai they
will, at last, elevat® even the slave' I know these
