1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
Mr. ALLEN. I will not answer the question
which the gentleman puts by ay or no. I will
answer if ho will give me time.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Then I invite the
gentleman from Illinois to occupy his own time
to answer my question.
Mr. ALLEN. I would like to answer the
gentleman's question now.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. If the House will
suspend the rule which limits me to an hour, I
would 15ke to have thatgentleman, and all gentle-
men, interrupt me as much as they desire; but
if I am to be confined to my hour, of course I
cannot yield to have speeches injected into mine.
It does not seem to me to be a very difficult prop-
osition, however, for gentlemen upon that side
of the House to answer affirmatively or nega-
tively, whether the Democracy of their section
sustain the " popular sovereignty" doctrine as
proclaimed by General Cass.
I will read another portion of testimony, which
comes from the South; and I want southern Dem-
ocrats to respond here in the face of the nation,
whether they indorse the sentiment. I read a
statement of the principle of the Kansas bill made
by a Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] during
this session, in the other branch of Congress:
" Now, what was the issue presented in the last canvass
in the State so ahjy represented by the' honorable Senator
on this floor, or anywhere else, I know not; but I do know
what was the issue on this subject which was presented in
the political platform adopted at Cincinnati by the Dem-
ocratic party. That issue was the doctrine of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill. What was that? The territorial govern-
ment was so organized there as to admit citizens of all the
States, whether free or slave, to take their property into the
Territories; and when they organized themselves, or were
organized under the law. into a legislative body, then to
determine for themselves whether this institution should
exist amongst them or not. The specific difference is, that
under the Kansas law citizens from the slave States might
go into the Territory with their property; citizens from free
States might iro thei e holding no &uch property, and, when
thev got theie and met in common council as a legislative
body, they should determine whether the institution should
prevail, whereas the party which the honorable Senator is
now representing here declares that, m the organic law
creating the government m the Territory, there shall be a
prohibition in limine, that no slaves shall go there. That
was the issue presented by the platform adopted at Cin-
cinnati."
I ask the southern Democrat whether he in-
dorses that as the philosophy of politics upon
which Mr. Buchanan triumphed? I ask him to
assert or deny it; for the first principle with pub-
lic men in a Government carried on by the intel-
ligence and reposing on the virtue of the people,
should be to explain then* construction of consti-
tutional power so that all may understand them.
Mr. GtUlTMAN. Will the gentleman yield
to me ?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. For a response, with-
out a speech, 1 will.
Mr. Q,UITMAN. I am ready to make a re-
sponse to the question for myself and that portion
of the Democratic party South that thinks with
me, but I decline to answer categorically and on
the terms proposed. However, while the gentle-
man is defining his own position, let me ask him
whether he believes Congress possesses the con-
stitutional power to inhibit slavery in the Terri-
tories of the United States while they are Terri-
tories r
Mr. H. MARSHALL. If so humble an indi-
vidual as myself could have attracted the gentle-
man's notice, he would have had a categorical
answer to that question in a speech made by me
during the last session. In that speech I distinctly
stated that I do not believe Congress has power
to prohibit slavery from going into the Territories
of the United States.
Mr. QJJITMAN. I will, then, ask the gen-
tleman 
Mr. H. MARSHALL. The gentleman seems
to have reversed our relations. "When I am try-
ing to ascertain the position of the Democratic
party, he proposes to occupy my time in ascer-
taining my position.
Mr. (itTlTMAN. It is not my intention to
embarrass the distinguished gentleman from Ken-
tucky. My only object is to learn where he
stands on the constitutional power of Congress.
If he does not hold that Congress has power to
inhibit slavery in the Territories, then where does
that power rest, under our system of govern-
ment
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I will not be drawn
from my line argument; but, if I have time, I
will answer the gentleman's question before I
take my seat. I call attention to the fact that the
gentleman, with all his astuteness and experience,
and with my example before him of returning a
categorical answer to the question put me, de-
clines to answer categorically the question I put
to him.
Mr. QAJITMAN. What is your question ?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Does Mr. Mason
announce Democratic doctrine wheu he construes
the principle of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, as
defined in your platform at Cincinnati, to be that
the people of a Territory, when organized under
the organic law, but while they remain in the
territorial condition, have the right to determine
for themselves, through a Territorial Legislature,
and before they are about to adopt a State con-
stitution, whether or not the institution of slavery
should exist among them r
Mr. QUITMAN. I do not believe that the
opinion which the gentleman draws from the short
extract he has read is the opinion of Mr. Mason.
If it is, then I dissent from it. I do not believe
that the people of a Territory possess sovereignty
of any kind until that sovereignty is delegated by
the States, through Congress, under the power
delegated to Congress to admit States into the
Union.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. If the Democratic
party north hold the doctrine of squatter sover-
eignty as proclaimed by General Cass, and the
Democratic party south hold the doctrine as stated
by the gentleman from Mississippi, I would like
to know on which of them Mr. Buchanan was
elected to the Presidency?
Mr. QUITMAN. I have no time to enter
into details, or to refer to the sentiments held by
various individuals in this country. I stand on
principle, and go with those who hold the same
principles that I do. I have confidence that the
11 Democratic party throughout the length and
breadth of the land hold the sentiments on this
subject which I have just expressed.
Mr. McMULLIN. I will tell the gentleman
from Kentucky that the speech of Senator Ma-
son as reported and read by the gentleman, does
not express his views on this subject. He and
every member from Virginia upon this floor re-
pudiate the doctrine of squatter sovereignty as
promulgated by General Ca^s. A Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trttmbtll] came here this morning
and reported that Mr. Mason- had made such a
speech as the gentleman refers to. I called on
Mr. Mason in reference to the matter, and he
told me that he repudiated the doctrine of that
speech, and would correct it.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Ah 1 correct it.
Mr. McMULLIN. It is a mispiint.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. No, it is not a mis-
print. -I heard it with my own ears.
Mr. McMULLIN. Does the gentleman say
that the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason]
sustains the doctrine of that speech ?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I do not say what
sentiments Mr. Mason entertains; nor do I quote
from him except to ascertain the tiue Democratic
doctrine, and to assist in establishing the prin-
ciples decided by the last election. [Laughter.]
I cannot say, except from the speech, wheie the
distinguished Senator from Virginia stands.
But I do mean to say that 1 happened to be
present and heard the speech of the Senator from
Virginia. It was spoken substantially as re-
ported, and with a precision that left upon my
mind no doubt that he was expressing his senti-
ments. I am happy to hear that he will correct
it; and I am glad to know from the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. McMullin,] that the senti-
ment is not responded to by any gentleman rep-
resenting the State of Virginia upon this floor.
AJr. McMULLIN. Not by any member from
Virginia; and if the gentleman from Kentucky
will call upon Senator Mason*, he will learn that
that Senator utterly repudiates the doctrine of
squatter sovereignty.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. This doctrine of
squatter sovereignty is variously defined. I heard
it denned by a distinguished Democrat in my
own section of the country last summer, to be.
that while the people of a Territory have the
right to decide on the question of the establish-
ment or exclusion of slavery at the time of
forming a constitution and State government, the
first squatters, before the passage of an organic
law for the government of the Territory, had no
such power. He was against the inherent popu-
lar sovereignty, but did not touch the question
that presses. Perhaps that is the kind of squatter
sovereignty which the Senator from Virginia
is against also. What I mean by squatter sov-
ereignty I will proceed to define. I assert the
proposition, that the people of a Territory, while
it is a Territory, whether with law or without
law—-no matter whether Congress has passed a
law giving them the power or not—have no right,
and Congress cannot give them the right, to
exclude slavery from that Territory.
Mr. McMULLIN'. That is my doctrine.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Very well, that is
what I denounce as squatter sovereignty. There
I I take my position, and there I took^my position
j during the late canvass. And it was because the
| position taken by the Democratic party upon
; this point was construed to mean just what the
j speech of the Senator from Virginia says it did
j mean, that I announced everywhere upon the
j stump in my own State, that there was not a whit
| difference between the principles put forth by the
I northern branch of the Buchanan Democracy,
! and those held by the moderate portion of the
j Fremont Republican party. I said that, so far
| as I was concerned, I would not toss a copper
| between them, since the active restriction advo-
| cated by the one and the squatter sovereignty
advocated by the other, with equal certainty de-
prived me ultimately of my constitutional right.
I had about as lief be told I should not carry my
slave to the Territory, as to tell me I might take
him, but that the sword of Damocles should be
all the time suspended over my head by a single
, hair.
Mr. QUITMAN. I would inquire if the gen-
tleman voted for the admission of California as
! the measure was presented bv General Taylor?
| Mr. H. MARSHALL. "I did vote for the
; admission of California, and whenever the gen-
i tleman ^esires it I shall be happy to show him
j the reason why I so voted.
Mr. QUITMAN rose.
1 Mr. II. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, when-
I ever I attempt to enlighten the people as to what
| are the principles and doctrines of the Democratic
I party, gentlemen do not allow me to get through
I with two consecutive remarks without interrup-
: tion. Let us have fairness and plainness about
this matter. I come here with a speech not three
days old, delivered in the Senate, and I am told
i that it does notcontain the views of the gentleman
who spoke it. 1 present statements brought into
| the Senate by gentlemen occupying the distin-
| guished positions of Senators, and I am told that
j they are not true, that the Democratic party did
: not go before the people of the North declaring
: themselves in favor of the doctrine of "popular
sovereignty," or as opposed to the extension of
slavery to the Territories.
Mr. JEWETT. Mr. Speaker, the reference
of my colleague to his course and line of discus-
sion m the late canvass renders it proper that I
should propound to him a single question. Did
vou not, in your speech at the Big Spring, declare
that the Constitution did not carry slavery into
the Territories'
' Mr. H. MARSHALL. I said nothing in any
| speech which I mode in Kentucky, inconsistent
| with the exact statement i have made to-day. I
■ will state now for the gentleman, for his party,
; and for the country, that I do hold that the Con-
: stitution does not carry slavery into the Territories of
, the United States. Let the gentleman make the
| most of that. I never have held that the Con-
stitution carries slavery into a Territory.
Mr. KEITT. Does it carry any kind of
■ piopertyr
Mr. H. MARSHALL. No, sir, it does not
carry any kind of property there. Now, let my
• colleague answer. Will my colleague go before
1 the people of Rig Spring, and tell them that the
: Constitution does carry slavery into the Territo-
, ries ?
' Mr. JEWETT. I will.
1 Mr. H. MARSHALL. Then ni^ colleague
and 1 make the issue fairly. My position is this:
' that the Constitution neither establishes any
! domestic institution in a Territory, nor prohibits
, it, but that the Constitution of the United States
! protects whatever of right exists there. That is
I my doctrine. I take the position held by Mr
