104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GJ.OBE.
December 11,
•what is the remedy? None, sir. If the majority
of the people are opposed to the institution, and
if they do not desire it ingrafted upon their Ter-
ritory, all they have to do is simply to decline to
pass laws in the Territorial Legislature foritspro-
• tection, and then it is as well excluded as if the
power was invested'in the Territorial Legislature,
and exercised by them, to prohibit it. Now, I
ask the gentleman, what is the practical import-
ance to result from the agitation and discussion of
this question as to whether squatter sovereignty
does, or does not, exist? Practically it is a mat-
ter of little moment.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Do I understand the
gentleman from South Carolina to take the posi-
tion, that if itis his constitutional rightto take his
negro into Kansas, or any other Territory, he
believes that his right becomes of no practical con-
sequence unless he has a Territorial Legislature
which will protect him in holding that property?
Mr. ORR. No, sir. The gentleman from
Kentucky lives in a slaveholding State, and
knows that there must be peculiar laws passed
within the limits of that State, for the purpose of
securing that peculiar species of property. Sup-
pose a party in a Territory inveigles away his
slave, and there is no law making it a criminal
offense, how do you reach him? Suppose an
individual harbors your slave while in the Terri-
tory, what remedy have you against him ? What
remedy have you to enforce the rights of the
owner against trespassers and -intcrmeddlers,
unless you have a local Legislature to pass laws
to enforce those rights ? 1 undertake to say that
in the State of Kentucky, if there were no local
legislation to protect the institution, the institu-
tion would be an unmitigated curse to the country.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. The Constitution pro-
tects the slave as property. It docs not establish
slavery or forbid it m a Territory. When the
citizen goes into the Territory with his slave,
holding him as property, the political law of this
country protects lum in his property, whatever
that property is of right, and the common law of
England furnishes him the remedies to assert his
right. If my slave is beaten I can maintain tres-
pass—if he is converted or detained, 1 can main-
tain detenue or trover. The remedies I draw from
the common law, the right to my slave from the
relation legally established in a State, and which
does not change by my passage to a Territory of
my own country, where 110 law prohibits it.
Mr. ORR. 1 suspect that the only common
law which the gentleman could appeal to would
be the common law of the Territory. It certainly
would not be the common law of England. The
Constitution of the United States gives to me, or
recognizes, all the mere right of property I care
to have in my slaves in a Territory, It recog-
nizes and enforces it. It is not the light ofprop-
erii/ill stales I speak of as requiring protection;
but itis the local legislation of the Territory to
prevent that property being trespassed upon,
tampered or interfered with by others.
But I pass on. The gentleman said he told his
constituents; as I understood him, that he would
not give the toss of a copper between the Buch-
anan Democracy of the North and the Fremont
party.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I want to be under-
stood on this subject.
Mr. ORR. And I wish to understand the gen-
tleman; for the comparison he made was to me
somewhat singular.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I said that I would
not give the toss of a copper for a choice between
the Wilmot-provisoism of Mr. Fremont and the
squatter-sovereignty doctrine of the northern
Democracy.
Mr. ORR. Am I to understand that the gen-
tleman, in the last presidential contest, did not
care the toss of a copper whether the Democratic
or the Republican party was successful?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. If the gentleman is
not astute^ enough to draw a distinction between
a remark in regard to my general policy and one
in reference to a particular position, then I can-
not expect him to understand me. I refer the
gentleman to the connection in which I made the
remark on which he comments. I was speaking
of the practical consequences of the construction
referred to, and said that they were the same to
Us whether we had the Wilrnot proviso or squat-
ter sovereignty. If I was to be hung, I would not
care whether it was with a rope or a grape vine.
[Laughter.] If both views take away from me
my constitutional rights; it makes no difference
whether the deprivation be sudden, or slow but
certain.
Mr. ORR. Did the gentleman feel no interest
in the presidential contest just closed, as between
the Democratic and the Republican party?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I believed that the
Republican party only presented the distinctive
feature of the Wilmot proviso on the slavery
question, and that it did not present any admin-
istrative question.
Mr. STANTON. It presented the question
of the Pacific railroad.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. The fact is, that I
did not examine the platform of the Republican
party very closely and fully. I stopped at the
threshold. ■ Learning their doctrine of congres-
sional power to prohibit slavery in the Territo-
ries, 1 knew that I had nothing to do with them;
and in regard to the Cincinnati platform I found
myself, as in days gone by, with all my antago-
nism to the Democratic party. With reference to
one thing, I never did know whether there was
any platform on it or not. I allude to the foreign
policy of the country. Sometimes it was said
that the resolutions on that subject were a part
of the platform, and at others that it made little
difference how men felt about them.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman replies to my
question with a good deal of qualification. I
have no doubt that it is my obtuseness which
prevents me from clearly seeing what is his an-
swer. Let me ask him another question. What
would have been his position if Mr. Fillmore
had been out of the way ? Or, if it Was evident
that Mr. Fillmore could not be elected, by which
party, the Democratic or Republican, does he
think the best interests of the country would be
subserved 5
Mr. II. MARSHALL. I never contemplated
that proposition, as I always knew he would be
in the way; and what there is of us, we always
will keep m the way.
Mr. ORR. Not much in the way in November
last. The gentleman twitted us for having so
few Democrats 01) the floor as hardly to be able
to speak for the party. I had supposed that such
a suggestion would have called up in the gentle-
man's mind the most unpleasant reminiscenses.
It is true that the Democratic members who
usually swell this side of the House were reduced
in numbers in 1854*^55. There was then a wave
of Americanism, or Know Nothingism, which
swept the country, and which brought my friend
from Kentucky into this House. But he did not
rule that wave very far. When the organization
of the House demanded the election of a Speaker,
he found that unless he cut himself loose from
those with whom he had acted previously, he
would be earned to a position from which there
would be no rescue in the future. It is to him
and his coadjutors that the country is indebted
for the paucity of members of the Democratic
party, and he is the last man that should refer to
that fact, when he considers the sudden and dis-
astrous termination of his coalition with the
northern Know Nothings.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. With the gentleman's
permission, I will state just here that I have had
110 coalition with anybody outside of the Ameri-
can party—pure and simple.
Mr. ORR. I ought to have used the word
affiliation.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Noraffiliation. During
the contest for the Speakership for this Congress,
I was voted for four or five times. I afterwards
voted for the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Fuller,] but not until after he had defined his
position on this very question, and when that
definition lost him the votes of his own colleagues,
who believed in the power of Congress to exclude
slavery from Territories.
Mr. ORR. I do not find any fault with the
gentleman's action after he came here. My point
is this: When he and gentlemen of the opposite
side of the House were elected on the same cry
of Americanism, then he had eighty or more
associates in the North, instead of five. When
he came here, he found ho could not agree with
them, and severed the connection. He found
that his convictions of duty would not allow him
to stay with them any longer. He refused to
vote for the candidate presented by the great
bulk of the Know Nothing or American party
in the North.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. If I did not vote for
any of the eighty men the gentleman refers to,
because of their opinion on the slavery question,
I would comijiend my example to his imitation,
and advise him to get rid of northern Democrats
who are not sound on that question with him.
Mr. ORR, There is a fable, gentlemen well
recollect, of the fox who lost his tail. I refer to
it without intending offense. This fox went
about saying that it was fashionable to do with-
out tails,"and that all the other foxes had better
cut theirs off. But they did not do it. [Laughter.]
The gentleman's northern associations were sud-
denly terminated, and now he tries to persuade
the country that all other parties at the North are
as faithless in upholding the Constitution as the
Know Nothing or American party proved itself
to be. The gentleman f<rand that his affiliations
in that quarter had resulted disastrously.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I desire to say that,
knowing the party of the gentleman as I do, his
fable has 110 application to them; they always
run loose; they will never stop to examine the con-
dition of their tails. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. ORR. Well, sir, the Democracy is pretty
swift, as I have no doubt my friend from Ken-
tucky, from the experience he has had in his own
State during the recent canvass, has ascertained.
Mr. Speaker, perhaps some allowance ought to
be made for my friend's exhibition this morning.
He has evidently been suffering from some acer-
bity of temper. Well, sir, losers have always the
privilege of being grumblers; and my friend has
seen, for the first time in twenty years, the power
which has held an iron sway over the State from
which he comes broken up. " The scepter has
departed from Judah." Yes, sir, Kentucky, the
daughter of Virginia, and natural ally of the
mother, has at last placed herself in her proper
position. She has ranged herself under the Dem-
ocratic banner. This circumstance. I have no
doubt, has ruffled exceedingly the amiability of
my friend from Kentucky. I have no idea that
he has any kindly feelings towards the Dem-
ocratic party, or that he could see any merit in
any of the measures of that party. Itis at present
a sore spot. But, sir, it is to be hoped that time,
which cures all our cares and troubles, and which
can alone cure the wounds of the heart, may have
a soothing effect upon the feelings of my honor-
able friend, and that he will, in the course of a
few months, be able to command sufficient^phi-
losophy to submit to the destiny which has been
written for his party in the State of Kentucky. ■
Mr. H. MARSHALL. There is no necessity
for pronouncing any funeral oration upon me.
The Democracy has no possible show in my sec-
tion of the country.
Mr. ORR. It is always the dictate of wisdom
to erect beacons to mark the place of wreck; and
my friend from Kentucky is large enough to
make a beautiful beacon to warn the unwary in
the State of Kentucky. [Laughter.]
Mr. H. MARSHALL. That beacon will al-
ways be kept shining by those who have lighted
it heretofore. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. ORR. I have said all that I desired to
say, and I close with a single remark. Let my
honorable friend from Kentucky now understand,
and let him take it home with him and make
what use he may see fit when ho comes to make
another speech, that there is a difference of opin-
ion in the Democratic party as to the proper con-
struction of the Nebraska bill upon the doctrine
of squatter sovereignty. Let him make the most
of it.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not propose to engage in
the discussion of those questions of policy which
have been examined by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. H. Marshall,] and the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr.] I propose to
correct the history as furnished by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] and also the
history relating to slavery agitation, as furnished
by the venerable gentleman from Ohio who sits
over in the corner in "Sleepy Hollow," [Mr.
Giddings.]
We have been told by gentlemen on the other
side of the House that the Democratic party are
responsible for the continual agitation of the sla-
very question; that they have introduced it and
