108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
in order for the day was the call of committees
for reports of private bills, and proceeded to call
the list of committees.
Mr. GIDDINGS, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back the petition and papers in
the case of John Vitch, and the petition and
papers in the case of Whitmore Knaggs, with the
recommendation that they be referred to the
Court of Claims.
They were so referred.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Public Lands, reported back a
joint resolution (S. No. 27) to authorize the
Secretary of State and the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to settle the claim of William Carey Jones
for certain services, and asked that it be put on
its passage.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it proposed to put this
bill upon its passage ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that it be referred
to'the Committee of the Whole House, so that it
may take its place upon the Private Calendar.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I wish to
say one word to the House before that question
is put. This man Jones was sent to California
by the Secretary of State, with directions to do
certain things. He performed his duties, and has
never received any pay. The bill proposes to
refer his account to the very officers who appointed
him, with instructions to allow him a reasonable
compensation for his services, not to exceed a
certain amount specified in the bill. It could not
possibly be put into a better shape by a commit-
tee.*' Something ought to be paid to him, and it
cannot be a large sum, because the bill limits the
amount. The hill is just as the Senate passed it.
The case was considered in the Senate, and they
were satisfied that the bill was right, and it passed
that body without a division. The only question
was how much he should be paid. The bill does
not fix the amount, but refers it to the officers who
appointed him to ascertain the amount to be paid,
within a certain limit.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I certainly have no per-
sonal objection to this bill, but I do object to dis-
posing of private bills in this way. If private
bills are to be brought in, and without reference
forced upon the House in this way, we shall
never be able to get to the Private Calendar.
Each of the bills on that Calendar is probably
as meritorious as this. I hope the bill will be
referred to the Whole House. As I stated, I"
have no particular objection to this case, but I
object to this mode of doing business.
l'he motion was agreed to", and the bill referred.
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported a bill for the
relief of Shade Calloway; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, reported back House
bill (No. 580) to extend the time for selling the
lands granted to the Kentucky asylum for teach-
ing the deaf and dumb, and asked that the same
be put upon its passage.
The bill was read in extenso; and no objection
being made, was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed it was
accordingly rend the third time, and passed.
Mr. PORTER, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported the following bills; which
were severally read a first and second time, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of Captain Thomas Dun-
can, of the United States Army;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Edmund H. McCabe, assignee of Antoine
Soulard; and
A bill for the relief of Henry T. Mudd, of
Missouri.
Mr. SANDIDGE, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Jeremiah Bryan, deceased; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. PRINGLE, from the Committee onlndian
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Mary
Woodbury, Elizabeth Odell, and others; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. QXFITMAN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a joint resolution appro-
priating money to test George R. Scrivens s in-
cendiary projecting shells; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. Q,., from the same committee, reported
back Senate bill (No. 360) fbr the relief of Thomas
J. Churchill, late a lieutenant in the first Ken-
tucky regiment of volunteers; which received the
same order and reference.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Major James Bel-
ger, of the United States Army; which was read
a first and second time, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. BENSON, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be dis-
charged fiom the further consideration of the petition of
John Barney, praying for the passage of House hill No. 154,
and that the same be referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions.
On motion of Mr. BENSON, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of tbe memorial of
Jane Sproston, and that the same be referred to the Com-
mittee on invalid Pensions.
Mr. BENSON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, made an adverse report upon the memo-
rial of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of Washington on the subject of causing an
armed steamer to be stationed on the northwest
coast; which was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. PENNINGTON, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported back Senate bills of the
following titles; which were referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and placed on the
Private Calendar; and, with the accompanying
reports, ordered to be printed:
An act (No. 311) for the relief of Charles E.
Anderson;
An act (No. 322) for the relief of J. E. Martin;
and
An act (No. 333) for the relief of Joseph
Graham.
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported back Senate bill (No. 340)
for the relief of Donn Piatt, without amendment,
and with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read in extenso. It directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated,to Donn Piatt,late acting charge d'affaires
of the United States at Paris, $2,114,"the amount
of difference between the salary received by him
as secretary of legation at Paris and that of
charge d'affaires, for the term of fourteen days
in October, 1854, and from the 26th of December,
1854, to the 1st of May, 1855, and from the 3d
to the 11th of December, 1855.
Mr. STANTON. A House bill for the same
object contemplated by the bill pending, is now
upon the Private Calendar of the Committee of
the Whole House. That bill, however, provides
in addition to this, the payment of five or six
thousand dollars as.outfit. The Senate reject
this provision. The petitioner himself prefers
taking the Senate bill to risking the chances of
delay. This is the whole case. I ask that the
bill may be put on its passage.
Mr. LETCHER. Let the bill be referred, and
take its regular place on the Private Calendar.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The bill makes
an appropriation, and under the rules must have
its first consideration in the Committee of the
Whole House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
The bill was accordingly referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House,and placed on the
Private Calendar, and, with the accompanying
documents, ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Are the standing
committees reporting on the business referred at
the last session, or business referred to them at
this? I understand that all the committees were
newly appointed at this session.
The SPEAKER. At the called spssion of
Congress, an order was passed referring the un-
finished business of the last session to the same
committees to be appointed the present session.
Mr. GROW, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, reported a bill for the relief of R. G. Elliott
and others; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, and placed on the Private Calendar, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BROOM, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported bills of the following
titles; which were read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
placed on the Private Calendar, and, with the ac-
companying reports, ordered to be printed:
A bill providing an increase of pension to Isaac
Phillips;
A bill for the relief of Gershaw Van Voast;
A bill for the relief of the children of Elizabeth
Storrs; and
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Mott.
Mr. MILLER, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions, reported bills
of the following titles; which were read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
ports, ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Amos Oney,
a revolutionary soldier;
A bill for the relief of the grandchildren of
Genevieve Victor;
A bill for the relief of Judah and Sarah B.
Mandigo; and
A bill for the relief of the widow of Henry
Walthall, a revolutionary soldier.
Mr. WOODRUFF, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported bills of the fol-
lowing titles; which wore read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and placed on the Private Calendar, and,
with the accompanying reports, ordered to be
printed:
A bill for the relief of the children and heirs-at-
law ofLieutenant Daniel Starr; and
A bill for the relief of the children and heirs of
Levi and Mary Stone.
Mr. KNAPP, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill in favor of
the children of Thomas Giles; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the
relief of Leonard Lilly; which was read a first
and second time by its title, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I ask leave to report from
the Committee oil Patents a bill to establish re-
ciprocity in granting patents between the United
States and other countries.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is not a
private bill.
The SPEAKER. It is a general bill, and can-
not be received.
BILLS ON THE SPEAI£ER'S TABLE.
The House then proceeded to take up bills of
a private character on the Speaker's table, for
reference only.
Senate bill (No. 203) for the relief of Mrs.
Agatha O'Brien, widow of Brevet Major J. P. J.
O'Brien, late of the United States Army.
The bill was amended by the House, sent to
the Senate, and the Senate disagreed to the
amendment.
The bill of the Senate is as follows:
Be it enacted, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay, out
ot any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to Mrs. Agatha O'Brien, widow of Brevet Major J. P. J.
O'Brien, such sums of money as may be found due to her
late husband, as captain of artillery, from the 31st day of
December, 1849, when lie was last paid, to the 31st day of
March, 1850, the day of his death. '
The House amended the bill, by adding the
following section:
Sfo. S. And he it further enacted, That the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury audit and settle the
accounts of the late Major J. P. J. O'Brien, of the United
States Army, upon the principles of equity and justice.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Was the amend-
ment rejected by the Senate ?
The SPEAKER. It was.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
House recede from the amendment.
_ The motion was agreed to; and the bill accord •
ingly passed,
