1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ISM)
House bill (No. 226) to authorize the legal
representatives of Pascal L. Cerre to enter cer-
tain lands in the State of Missouri.
The bill was reported from the Senate with an
amendment.
The bill and amendment were read.
Mr. KENNETT. I move that the amendment
of the Senate be concurred in.
The SPEAKER. It can be considered only
by unanimous consent, the understanding on the
part of the House being that bills were only to
be taken up for reference.
Mr. GrIDDINGS. I object.
House bill (No. 426) for the relief of Thomas
Crown, reported from the Court of Claims.
The bill was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the House receded from
its amendment to the bill (H. R. No. 203) for
the relief of Mrs. Agatha O'Brien, widow of
Brevet Major J. P. J. O'Brien, late of the United
States Army.
The original bill, as it passed the Senate, pro-
vided for the adjustment of the pay account of
Major O'Brien from the time he was last paid to
the time of his death, and that whatever amount
should be found due should be paid over; but it
seems there are other accounts of Major O'Brien
upon which there may be a balance due to the
Government; and the amendment of the House
was intended to have that account also settled,
and to have whatever amount was found due
upon the final settlement of all his accounts, paid
over as the bill directs.
If the Senate bill pass, to settle the account due
him for pay, and leave the remaining accounts
unsettled, the balance may never be collected
from the estate of Major O'Brien. For these
reasons I make the motion to reconsider.
Mr. QJJITMAN. Was the amendment re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs?
The SPEAKER. It is indorsed on the bill
that the amendment was reported from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The question was taken; and the motion to
reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now move that
the House insist on its amendment.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The following bills were also taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time, and
referred as indicated below:
An act (S. No. 275) giving to Joshua Kirby
the right to enter the land covered by the life
reserve of John McNary, under the Cherokee
treaties of 1817 and 1819. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
An act (S. No. 421) for the relief of Lucy
Fitzgerald, and the children of Thomas Fitz-
gerald. Referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
An act (S. No. 437) for the relief of Ephraim
Hunt. Referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
An act (S. No. 440) for the relief of Ernest
Fielder. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act (S. No. 441) for the relief of Sturges,
Bennett & Co., merchants, of New York. Re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
An act(S. No. 414) for the relief of Nathaniel
jHayward. Referred to theCommittee on Patents.
An act (S. No. 450) for the relief of Mrs.
Mary Gay. Referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
An act (S. No. 455) for the relief of George
L. Bowne and William Curry. Referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
An act (S. No. 423) for the relief of Katharine
M. Earner, widow of the late Thomas L. Hamer.
Referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, reported bills of the
following titles; which were read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed:
A bill making appropriations for the legisla-
tive,executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
ld58; and
A bill making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1858.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. BARKS0ALE. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I demand the yeas and
nays.
•The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 126, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Allen, Allison, Bar-
bour, Barclay, Barksdale, Henry Bennett, Benton, Billmg-
hurst, Bishop, Bocock, Bowie, Branch, Brenton, Broom,
Cadwalader, James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Caruthers, Bayard Clarke. CUngman, Coinins, Cragui,
Crawford, CuIIen, Henry Winter Davis, Jacob C. Davis,
Timothy Davis, Denver, De Witt, Dowdell, Edie, Edmund-
son, Elliott, Emrie, Evan , Flagler, Florence, Thomas J.
D. Fuller, Garnett, Goode, Greenwood, Robert B. Hall,
Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Haven, Herbert,
Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Hughs-
ton, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt,
Kelly, Kennett, ICidwell, King, Knox, Kunkel, Lake,
Leiter, Lumpkin, Mace, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell,
MeCaity, McMulhn, McQueen, Killian Miller, Smith
Miiler, Milton, Millward, Moore, Morrill, Morrison, Mott,
Nichols, Norton,, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Pearce, Peltori,
Pettit, Phelps, Porter, Prmgle, Purviance, Quitman, Ready,
Ricaud, Ritchie, Rivers, Ituffin, Savage, Scott, Sherman,
Shorter, Simmons, William Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Tal-
bott, Taylor, Trippe, Tyson, Vail, Valk, Waldron. Walker,
Warner, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Wash-
burne, Watkins, Wells, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams,
Winslow, Woodworth, Daniel B. Wright, and John V.
Wright—126.
NAYS —Messrs. Albright, Ball, Hendley S. Bennett,
Bingham, Bliss, BufTmton, Burnett, Chaffee, E/.ra Clark,
Clawson, Wilham<on R. W. Cobb, Colfax. Covode, Cot,
Cumback, Day, Dean, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, English,
Etheridge, Galloway, Gidding^, Gilbert, Granger, Grow,
Hodge.*, Holtoway, Houston, Kelsey, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Letcher, Humphrey Marshal], Matteson, Mor-
gan, Murray, Packer, Parker, Perry, Pike. Puryear, Rob-
bins, Roberts, Sabm, Sandidge, Sapp, William R. Smith,
Spmner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thormgton, Todd,
Underwood, Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge, Welch, Wood-
ruff, and Zolhcoffer—63.
So the House agreed to adjourn over until
Monday next.
Pending the call of the roll, Mr. BUFFINTON
stated that his colleague [Mr. Trafton] was
absent from the city, because of the death of his
mother.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the "Whole
House on the Private Calendar.
CORRECTION.
Mr. TAYLOR. I wish, before that question
is put, to correct an error which occurred last
session. There were two bills introduced by me
last session, which were intended to be referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims. The
Clerk, by mistake, entered them upon the Private
Calendar as referred to the Committee of the
Whole House. They were: A bill (H. R. No.
537) to revive an act entitled "An act for the
relief of the heirs, or their legal representatives,
of William Conway, deceased;" and a bill (H.
R. No. 538) for the relief of the inhabitants of
the parish of Ascension, State of Louisiana.
1 now move that they l^e stricken from the \
Private Calendar and referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims. J
The motion was agreed to. :j
The question then recurring upon the motion
tluU the House resolve itself into a Committee of .
the Whole House upon the Private Calendar, it
was put, and decided in the affirmative. I'
PRIVATE CALENDAR. j;
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Ready in '
the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of ,
bills upon the Private Calendai. ]
SOLAR COMPASS. <
The first bill upon the Calendar was a bill (H.
R. No. 104) to enable the United States to make
use of the Solar Compass in the public surveys. !
Mr. WALBRIDGE. This bill was pretty
fully discussed during the last session, and I rise !
simply to move that it be leported to the House
with a recommendation that it do pass. ■
Mr. PHELPS. The bill was discussed at the
last session, and I presume the committee will i
recollect the action had upon it at that time. It 'j
elicited considerable debate, and I do not think it i|
necessary to have the report read. I submit the li
motion that it be reported to the House with a
recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I believe my motion is
first in order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would inquire of
the gentleman from Michigan if there are not two
bills upon this subject ? There appear to be two
upon the Calendar.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I would inform the
gentleman that a«bill upon this subject was passed
by the Senate last session, and was sent down to
this House; that it was reported to the House
by the Committee on Public Lands and was left
upon the Private Calendar with many other bills.
The bill now under consideration is a House
bill. That explains the fact that there appear
to be two bills upon the Calendar on the same
subject.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is this objection day ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to suggest that, by
common consent, we consider this as objection
day, and that we take up the Private Calendar
with that understanding. If this is to be a day
for debate, the probability is that we shall do
nothing—shall not pass a single bill. By con-
sidering this as objection day, we can dispose of
a considerable amount of the business upon the
Calendar.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
cannot make any such agreement. If it be made,
it must be done by the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suggest to the
gentleman from Michigan, that, as there is a
Senate bill in reference to this same matter upon
the Calendar, it would be better to pass over this
bill, and let the matter rest until we reach the
Senate bill.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I decline to act upon
the suggestion of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. LETCHER. In order to test the sense
of the committee, I move that the committee rise,
in order that we may go into the House and adopt
that regulation.
Mr. ORR. I shall object to that proposition
in the House, for the reason that I think these
claims which are contested ought to be disposed
of. The claimants whose claims are contested
have as good a right to have their cases disposed
of as those whose claims are uncontested upon
the Calendar. This claim has as good a right to
consideration as any claim upon the Calendar.
We gave those cases in which there was no con-
test the advantage all last session. We passed
over all claims which were contested, leaving a
large number of them upon the Calendar. They
ought to be acted upon.
Mr. LETCHER. If my proposition is to be
objected to in the House, I withdraw my motion.
The reading of the bill being called for, it was
read, as follows:
Be it cnacted. i-c.. That the Secretary of the Treasury
be. and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay to
William A. Burt, out of any money m the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the ?um of §20.000. to compensate
htm for the use by the United States, in the prosecution of
the public surveys, of the solar compass invented by, and
patented to him.
The report was also read.
Mr. STANTON. It will be recollected that
tli is bill was thoroughly- discussed at the last
session of Congress. If we are to renew that
discussion at this time, and it is to be continued
every Friday and Saturday, excepting objection
days, it is clear that no other bill which is con
tested can be presented to our attention, i there-
fore move that the committee do now rise, with
a view to close debate on this bill in five minutes
after its consideration shall be again resumed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that when this bill was last under consideration,
the question pending was on the following amend--
ment, moved by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Todd:]
Provided, That the said William A. Burt shall relinquish
all claim on the I'nited States, or its officers and empiujeb,
for the past and future um: of said compass in the putmc
s urv* y«?.
Mr. SANDIDGE. Under the rules of the
House, the committee should commence with the
Private Calendar where it left off on the last day
it was under consideration. Is the committee
pursuing that course now ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
