110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The discussion of
this bill to which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stanton] has referred, is not now remembered
by members of this House. In ray judgment
the proposition to pay this man, who has no
claim upon the Government, is monstrous, and
ought to be flHly investigated and discussed.
Therefore, I hope the motion to rise will not be
agreed to.
The House was divided on tke motion to rise,
and there were—ayes seventy, noes hot counted.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I demand tellers. Tell-
ers were ordered; and Messrs. Walbridge and
Florence were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 77, noes 45.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Ready
reported that the Committee of the Whole House
liad, according to order, had the Private Calendar
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill (No. 104) to enable the United States
to make use of the solar compass in the public
surveys, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STANTON. I move the usual resolution,
that all debate in committee on the bill for the use
of the solar compass in the public surveys shall
be closed in five minutes after its consideration
shall be again resumed.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Does the gentleman
mean also to out off the five-minute debate on
amendments?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That cannot be
done. The rule provides for the five-minute
debate on amendments after the close of the
general debate.
Mr. STANTON. My resolution of course
applies to general debate only.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to amend
so as to extend the time two hours; and on that
amendment I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is it in order to move to
lay the bill upon the table'
The SPEAKER. The bill ia not before the
House; it is in the Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. LETCHER. I move the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to; there being, on adivision—ayes 35,
noes <J4
The question recurring upon the amendment to
the motion to close debate,
Mr. ELAGLEli, called for tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Chaffee and Ijoyci: Avere
appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 28, noes 98.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. FLAGLER. I call the previous question
upon the motion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would suggest,
for the satisfaction of all parties, that, by common
consent, the time for closing debate be fixed at
one hour after the committee shall have resumed
its consideration.
Objection was made by several members.
The Ilouse was divided on the demand for the
previous question; and ther^ were 71 voting in
the affirmative, and 27 in the negative—no quo-
rum voting: whereupon
Mr. WALBRIDGE demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Waijbridge and
Gummas were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 88, noes 33.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
X he question was taken upon M!r. Stanton's
.motion; and it was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I now move that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole
upon the Private Calendar.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into a Committee of the
Whole House upon the Private Calendar, (Mr.
Ready in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the bill (H. R. No. 104) to enable the Uni-
ted-States to use the solar compass in the public
surveys; the question pending being upon the
amendment offered by Mr. Todd.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I should be glad
to hear from the gentleman from Michigan what
claim this Mr. Burt has upon the United States.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not think this amend-
ment ought to*be adopted, and especially it should
not be voted for by the friends of this bill, for it
seems to me that the amendment stands upon the
hypothesis, that there is an obligation from pri-
vate individuals to this Mr. Burt. The Govern-
ment has nothing whatever to do with them. If
the Government is to pay $20,000 or $25,000 for
the purpose of inducing Mr. Burt, the inventor
of this instrument, to release private individuals,
it seems to me that the whole thing is wrong,
and the amendment cannot be voted for by those
who arc, in good faith and honesty, supporting
the principles contained in this bill. I believe
that both the bill and the amendment are wrong.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I do not propose to dis-
cuss this question any further. I do not care
whether the amendment be adopted or not. The
object of the bill is to compensate Mr. Burt for
the Government use of this property, by which
they have saved more than a million of dollars.
The only object and intention of the amendment
is that this action shall be a final end of the thing,
and that no other claim shall be made upon the
Government for it. That amendment does not
alter the principle, intention, or object of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Michigan whether the Govern-
ment of the United States has ever bought a com-
pass of this kind since it was invented, or if the
Government has ever required a person to whom
a contract was given to survey lands to buy this
compass ?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. It was shown in the
report of the committee, which has been read,
and by the statement of the Commissioner of the
Land Office, that by the use of that instrument,
within the last twenty years, the Government has
saved a million of dollars. Whether the Govern-
ment itself has bought the instrument, or whether
the employes of the Government have used the
instrument, under an understanding between the
Government and the inventor, is not material.
The Government has made money out of this
man's invention. It has saved over one million
of dollars; and now, will gentlemen refuse to
grant this miserable pittance of $20,000?
Air. JONES, of lennessce. The Government
never purchased or used this compass.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. It has been used in the
public surveys for the last twentyyears,and under
the authority of the Government.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes, sir, just the
! same as the surveyor's chain has been used. The
I surveyor general of a district lets the suiveying
ot the public lands out to the deputy surveyor at
i a price which has been fixed by Congress. This
| deputy surveyor purchases his compass and other
msti ument.s; and he purchases those he deems
best to execute Ins contract. If he does not pur-
chase this instrument he purchases some other.
It seems to nie that this iy a most extraordinary
claim presented here for a man to ask $20,000 for
the use of his instruments by these surveyors.
His claim is upon them, not upon the Govern-
nient. 1 his is common sense.
WALBRIDGE. The Commissioner of
the General Land Office says that lie gets the
surveying; done with this instrument for six dol-
lars a mile; whereas, without it, it would cost
twemy dollars a mile; and in some instances even
moic. JNoWj what is the material question in-
volved. .It matters not whether the Government
contracts for the surveying, or whether it hires
men to do it. The question is, what is the cause
of the great saving of money in the surveying of
the public lands? Is it not the use of this solar
compass ? Most certainly. And this is the
point.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The act of Con-
gress fixes the price per mile to be paid for sur-
veying, and the Commissioner has no authority
to give more than that price. I know there are >
a great many applicants for contracts to survey !
the public lands—men competent, and who are 1
able and willing to buy instruments with which ;
to comply with their contracts, without eommsr !
back to Congress to ask for large sums of money
to pay for the use of their instruments.
frnrn'\T '?^ST0;Sr- I.wish t0 ask the gentleman
from Michigan a question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Further dis-
cussion on this amendment under the five-minute
rule is out of order, and I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I will m ove an amend-
ment to the amendment. I move to strike out the
words " or employes." I ask the gentleman from
Michigan by what authority the surveyors of the
public lands use these instruments at all ?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I have answered that
question over and over again. They were used
underan understanding between the inventor and
the head of the Department. It was agreed that
theGovernment should be permitted the use of the
instrument while Mr. Burt's patent existed, and
that he should depend on Congress for remuner-
ation.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have read the report, and
T do not find that statement anywhere in it. I
should like to see the evidence which will con-
nect the Government with any such obligation
as that stated. Let the gentleman state by what
authority the Commissioner of the General Land
Office can bind the Government to pay money in
a case of this character? By what authority
could he bind this Government to pay for the use
of this instrument by surveyors who contract to
do the work at a fixed price, and find their own
instruments ?
I understand the practice to be, that when an
individual makes a contract to do surveying he
contracts to do it at a certain price, and to provide
his own instruments. If these men used Mr.
Burt's patented instrument, it was his duty to
have enforced his rights under the law; it was
his duty to have made them pay for their in-
fringement 011 his rights. The Government had
nothing to do with the character of the instrument
used. All it asked was that the work should be
done underthe contract. Yetthisinventorallowed
the use of his instrument on the part of these sur-
veyors without making, so far as I know, the
least attempt to recover his rights under the
patent laws. He awaits the action of Congress
under some promise made to him, as the gentle-
man states, by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office. He has enjoyed his patent for the
full term of the law, and I do not see why he
should be made an exception to the general rule
in such cases.
I will ask the gentleman from Michigan, before
I take my seat, when it was that the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office made the prom-
ise to which he has referred; and what evidence
he has and can present on the subject? Has
he anything from the Department to show the
attempt on the part of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, without authority, to bmd
the Government to pay money in a case of this
kind ?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I am disposed to answer
the gentleman from Alabama once more. When
this instrument was first invented, the question
as to the permission of its use, upon the part
of the Government, was discussed between the
inventor and the Commissioner of the General
Land Office. I have not asserted that the Com-
missioner attempted to bind the Government for
the payment of one shilling for that use. My
remarks do not carry such an idea. The discus-
sion was, as to the best and proper course to be
pursued by the patentee; and it was decided to
allow the Government surveyors to use thei/isiru-
ment, and let the inventor rely on the generosity
ot Congress for remuneration. There is no pre-
tense that the Government is bound by the action
of its agent to pay $20,000, or any other sum;
but the patentee acted under the advice of the
Commissioner, and, as advised, did permit the
Government surveyors to use his instrument,
expecting that it would, in the end, remunerate
Jiim for that use. It does not matter whether the
Government hires its own surveyors, ahd gets its
surveying done two thirds less, or whether it
contracts to have it done two thirds less: the
saving is on its part.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would ask the
gentleman if the patentee sells this patent to the
Government officers•cheaper than lie docs to
others >
Mr. WALBRIDGE. He does not sell it at all
to the Government. He' permits them to use it
without pay.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Does he not receive
the same compensation from the Government
employes for its use that he does from others?
