in
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15.
He also presented the petition of Thomas Fit-
nam, for the repayment of money expended by
him for public use while warden of the peniten-
tiary in the District of Columbia; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of Colum-
1)1 Mr. HOUSTON presented a petition of "W. S.
Sullivant and others, of Washington city, for the
establishment of an overland mail communication
from the Mississippi river to San Francisco, in
California; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
PAPEKS REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs of John S. Budd,
on the flies of the Senate, he referred to the Committee ou
Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. YTJLEE, it was
Ordered, Tliat the papers on the files of the Senate, re-
lating to the claim of John P. Duval, be referred to the
Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of George Whitman, on the
files of the Senate, praying for indemnity for the seizure
and useof his property by United States troops, be referred
to the Committee on Claims.
REPORT ON THJ3 MEXICAN BOUNDARY.
Mr. STUART submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing;
Resolved, That two hundred and fifty additional copies
of the report of Coiouei William II. Emory, United States
commissioner to run and mark the boundary between the
United States and the Republic of Mexico, be printed for
the use of the Department of the Interior, the expense
thereof to be paid out of the appropriations heretofore made
for the survey of said boundary.
REPORT FROM GENERAL LAND OFFICE.
Mr. STUART submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That five hundred copies extra of the report
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office be printed
for the use of said olfice.
president's message for the depart-
ments.
Mr. STUART submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That two hundred additional copies of the
President'* message and accompanying documents be
punted for the use of cach of the Secretaries of the State,
Treasury, Interior, War, and Navy Departments, the At-
torney General, and Postmaster General.
PRINTING OF SENATE DOCUMENTS.
Mr. FITZPATRICIf. I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That instead of the number of copies heretofore
ordered to lie printed, the usual number of copies of the
Journal, reports of committees, executive, and miscella-
neous documents, to he printed, shall be fourteen hundred
and twenty copifi3, until the further order of the Senate.
' I will simply state, in explanation, that the
present number of copies printed is fourteen hun-
dred. In the distribution of documents there is
great inconvenience experienced by this body and
the heads of Departments on account of the lim-
ited supply. This resolution provides for an
increase of twenty copies. It is a matter which
has been brought to my notice by the gentleman
having control of it, who says this increase is ne-
cessary. In the course of the distribution of docu-
ments, calls are made by Departments and Sen-
ators; and many of the documents are found
to be out of print, and are not to be obtained.
The effect of this resolution is to print a surplus
of twenty copies, to remain here for the use of the
Departments and. Senators.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The rule re-
quires all propositions for the printing of extra
copies to be referred to the Committee on Printing.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
011 Printing.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN FLORIDA.
_ Mr. YtXLEE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing bylaw
pm^refunding to the State of Florida the amount of money
expended, and debts incurred, by said State, for the pay
of rften and officers, subsistence, and forage of volunteers,
called into service under the requisition of the Governor of
that State, in suppressing Indian hostilities in 1856, and
report by bill or otherwise.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT DUBUQUE, IOWA.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making a further
appropriation of thirty thousand dollars for the enlargement
of the custom-house, post office, &c., at Dubuque, Iowa.
COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire whether any further legislation is neces-
sary to carry into effect the act entitled " An act to regulate
the compensation of members of Congress," approved
August 16, 1856.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Mary C. Hamilton, reported a bill (S. No. 472)
to continue the pension heretofore paid to Mary
C. Hamilton, widow of Captain Fowler Hamil-
ton, deceased, late of the United States Army;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, reported back without amendment the
following bills of the House of Representatives:
No. 336. An act for the relief of Ransdell
Pegg;
No. 358. An act for the relief of George
Schellinger; and
No. 365. An act for the relief of Charles L.
Den man.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk,
announcing that they had passed a bill (H. R.
No. 380) to extend the time for selling the lands
granted to the Kentucky Asylum for teaching the
ucaf and dumb.
Also, that the House insisted on its amend-
ment to the bill (S. No. 203) for the relief of
Mrs. Agatha O'Brien, widow of Brevet Major J.
P. J. O'Brien, late of the United States Army;
which amendment had been disagreed to by the
Senate.
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES.
Several messages in writing were received
from the President of the United States, by Mr.
Webster, his Secretary.
GEORGE K. M'GUNNEGLE.
Mr. IVERSON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Claims to report back the bill (H. R.
No. 243) for the relief of George K. McGunnegle,
surviving partner of the late firm of Hill & Mc-
Gunnegle, of St. Louis, Missouri. It is a bill to
which, I presume, there will be no objection; and
if it be in order, I wish to put it on its passage
now. It appropriates $2,200 in the payment of
a claim. The facts are all in the compass of a
nut-shell; and 1 trust the bill will be put on its
passage at once. The report of the committee is
a unanimous one.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
as in Committee of the Whole to consider the bill,
which appropriates $2,280 67 for the payment of
a balance due by the United States to Hill & Mc-
Gunnegle, for commissary and other supplies for
the use of the Illinois militia in 1832.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
IOWA SENATORIAL ELECTION.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I move to take up the
credentials of the Hon. James Harlan, which
lie on the table, together with the resolutions
of the Senate of Iowa, heretofore presented, in
regard to his election.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I move to refer the
credentials and resolutions to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not desire, Mr. Pres-
ident, to present an argument on this subject;
nor shall I hereafter, $ I now think, trouble
either the Committee on the Judiciary, or the
Senate, with an argument in favor of the validity
of my right to a seat as a member of this body.
I will detain the Senate only with a brief detail
of the facts, and a simple statement of the law,
which, I suppose, will control the Senate in its
final decision; and leave the argument and the
decision to others.
In the third section of the first article of the
Constitution of the United States, we find the
following provision:
" Sec. 3. The Senate of the United States shall be com-
posed of two Senators from -each State, chosen by "the
Legislature thereof, for six years; and each Senator shall
have one vote."
The fourth section of the same article provides:
"Sec. 4. The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and'llepresentatives, shall be prescribed
in each State by the Legislature thereof; but the Congress
may at any time, by law, make or alter such regulations,
except as to the places of choosing Senators."
For the purpose of fixing <fi the times, places,
and manner of holding elections for Senators,"
as provided by the Constitution of the United
States, the Legislature of Iowa, at its first ses-
sion, held in the years 1846-47, enacted the
following law:
" An Act to provide for the election of United States Sen-
ators and other officers.
"Section 1. Beit enacted bythe General Assembly of the
State of Iowa, That at each and every regular session of the
Genprai Assembly of this State, next preceding the expira-
tion of the constitutional term of service of a United States
Senator, or at any session when a vacancy shall exist, at
an hour to be designated by a resolution of either branch,
with the concurrence of the other branch of the General
Assembly, the members of both Houses thereof shall meet
in convention in the Hall of the House of Representatives
for the purpose of electing a Senator or Senators, by joint
vote, in pursuance of the Constitution of the United States,
to represent this State in the Senate of the United States.
" Sec. 2. The President of the Senate, or m his absence
the Speaker of the House of Representatives, shall preside
over the deliberations of the convention; and in the absence
of both, a President pro tempore shall be appointed by joint
vote.
" Sec. 3. At any time prior to meeting in convention as
aforesaid, each branch of the General Assembly shall
appoint one teller; and the two tellers titus appointed shall
act as judges of the election.
" Sec. 4. The secretary of the Senate and the chief clerk
of the House of Representatives shall each keep a fair and
correct record of the proceedings of the convention, which
shall be entered upon the Journals of each branch of the
General Assembly. The chief clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives shall act as secretary to the convention.
" Sec. 5. The names of the members of the General As-
sembly shall be arranged by the secretary in alphabetical
order, and each member shall vote in the order in which his
name stands when thus airanged.
" Sec. 6. When the convention shall be organized as afore-
said, the members present shall proceed to choose, viva voce,
a Senator or Senators, as the case may be, to represent this
State in the Senate of the United States.. The name of the
person voted for, and of the members voting, shall be en-
tered in writing by the tellers, who shall, after the secre-
tary shall have called the names of the members a second
time, and the name of the person for whom each member
has voted, report to the President of the convention the
number of votes given for each candidate.
" Sec. 7. If neither of the candidates shall receive the
vote of a majority of the members present, a second poll
may be taken, and so from time to time, until some one of
the candidates shall receive a majority of the votes of the
members present.
" Sec. 8. If the election shall not be completed at the first
meeting, the President shall adjourn the convention when-
ever, and to such time, as a majority of the members then
present shall determine, and so from time to time, until
some one of the candidates shall receive a majonty as afore-
said.
" Sec. 9. When any person shall have received a majority
of the votes, as aforesaid, the president of the convention
shall declare him to be duly elected a Senator to represent
this State in the Senate of the United States ; and he shall,
m the presence of the members of both Houses, sign two
certificates of the election, attested by the tellers, one of
which he shall transmit to the Governor, and the remain-
ing one shall be preserved among the records of the con-
vention, and entered at length on the Journals of each House
of the General Assembly.
"Sec. 10. Upon the reception of said certificate, the
Governor shall cause a credential to be made out, with the
great seal of the State affixed thereto, and cause it to be
delivered to such Senator elect, which credential shall be
in form following:
"State op Iowa, to wit: The General Assembly of this
State, on the — day of , one thousand eight hundred
and , having, in pursuance of the Constitution of the
United States of America, chosen a Senator
to represent this State in the Senate of the United States,-
f ? • , Governor of the State of Iowa, do, by these
presents, certify the same to the Senate of the United
States.
" Given under my hand and the great seal of the State of
Iowa, this — day of ——, one thousand eight hundred
and ..
"Sec. 11. When the Executive shall, by virtue of the
Constitution of the United States, make a temporary ap^
pointment of a Senator, he shall deliver to such Senator a
credential in the following form:
" Si ate of Iowa, to wit: , who was chosen
United States Senator from this State, in pursuance of the
Constitution of the United States of America, having died
