116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
be wise on the part of the Senate, andjust towards
the honorable Senator .from Iowa, either to have
this committee enlarged by the addition of some
other member of this body, or to have a special
committee, whichever way the suggestion presents
itself to the justice and magnanimity of the major-
ity of the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator from
New York is mistaken as to the precedents. It
is neither usual nor necessary to refer such ques-
tions to the Committee on the Judiciary. If he
■will look to the precedents, he will find that these
matters have been referred to special committees
quite as often as, if not oftener than, to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The honorable Senator's laudation of the Sen-
ator from Iowa may be perfectly correct and
proper; but I confess myself unable to perceive
any generosity connected with his proposition to
refer this case to the Committee on the Judiciary.
There is no question of generosity involved in it
to my mind; there may be one of confidence; but
I can suppose, or I can possibly conceive, that
there maybe something beyond that in the refer-
ence of the subject to that committee, when, at
the very time of assenting to the reference, he
characterizes its members as entirely opposed to
Iiim politically. In all respect, I am satisfied that
a special committee in this case is the proper one
for the adjudication of the case.
Mr. BUTLER. I had no idea of interring in
this question one way or another.' Originally,
■whatever might be my own inclinations, and
those of the members of the committee over
"which I preside, I would not have yielded to any
suggestion to give this case a direction different
from that which such cases usually take. I do
not distrust myself; I should certainlydo the gen-
tleman justice according to the law. I have too
high a regard for my own reputation as a lawyer
to suppose that I should be biased one way or
the other by political partiality or aversion. But,
since the question has been made, and since one
of the members of the committee of which I am
chairman has intimated a disposition thatit should
go to a special committee, and as this involves
the right to a seat of one of an acknowledged
Minority in this body—not at all of apolitical
party as usually understood here, but of a pecu-
liar party having a minority — it would expose
111c, perhaps, if I w.erc to write the report, or if I
should happen to differ with the Senator himself
as to his right to a seat, to a good deal of censor-
ious criticism. I do not say that I shall differ
with the gentleman on that point, for I have never
heard the case presented before, and I knew
nothing of its true character until it was stated by
himself. I heard rumors in regard to it, but 1
knew nothing about it; and if I had knowledge
of xt> I should say this much; I would have ap-
proached the investigation with as little regard
to what the Senator might consider prejudice as
perhaps any other gentleman on this floor.
As the point has been made, and as the gentle-
man s friends are in a small minority here, and
the Senator from New York, who represents in
some measure that minority, has intimated a
wish that it should take a direction differentfrom
the usual one, I think it ought to go to a select
committee of the oldest and most unquestioned
Senators on this floor. As I am in that list, I
filial ask to be exempt from the duty.
The Senate should have a Committee on Privi-
leges and Elections. In Parliament the Commit-
tee on Privileges and Elections generally take J
cognizance of the right of a member to a seat, on !
their own motion; in other words, they feel bound I
to purge the body when it meets; that is, to 1
inquire into credentials and take cognizance of !
questions of this kind in the first instance. No !
Man ought to sit here who has not a right to do !
so. The committee which ought to have taken
cognizance of this subject has no existence. I i
W Ty f Senator fron' Iowa, that appeals !
lmo been made to me often-not only once or 1
the body, and let that reference be a precedent
hereafter.
Mr. HALE. I hope this subject will not be
referred to a select committee. It strikes me
that would be an extraordinary proceeding. A
case somewhat similar to this came up from the
State of Illinois last year, and was referred, as
a matter of course, to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, and they reported upon it. Although
this is not exactly the exclusive right of the Ju-
diciary Committee, as a Committee of Privileges
and Elections, I think these questions have been
uniformly referred to that committee since I have
been a member of this body. I have never heard
of any fault being found with their reports on
such questions. 1 think that to refer the case to
a special committee would imply a distrust of the
Committee on the Judiciary, which I certainly,
as a member of the minority, do not feel; and I
ought to be understood how a minority feels, for
I have been in a very small one here for a long
while. [Laughter.] Besides, it is not certain
that the end aimed at by the honorable Senator
from Delaware will be reached in this way, be-
cause by no possibility can you put a vote which
will compel the Senate to choose a portion of the
minority here to form the committee. That is
only loose talk. The committee may be selected
by the Chair, and the Chair will appoint whoever
he chooses; or they may be chosen by the Senate,
and the Senate will appoint whoever it pleases.
It is by no means certain that any member of this
peculiar minority, as I think the Senator from
South Carolina called us, will be placed on the j
select committee if one be appointed. I remem- I
ber that at the last session a special committee
and make a report upon it such as will be satis-
factory to the committee itself. I am not aware
that the Judiciary Committee is so burdened with
business that it should desire to avoid the labor
on that ground.
I have another reason. The Senate has con-
stituted the Committee on the Judiciary, and it
is to be presumed that a committee of such im-
portance, requiring legal learning and ability, has
been constituted with care, and of those gentlemen
who are best able to investigate the questions
which properly come before it. It has 'been
usual to suomit all questions of this character to
the Committee on the Judiciary. It has been
considered the proper and appropriate committee
for their examination. I object to any step bein°-
taken which will avoid the proper responsibility
of putting this subject before the committee
which should appropriately have charge of it.
They can make the investigation and' present
their report. They undoubtedly have a regard
for their reputation as lawyers and as members
of the Judiciary Committee of the Senate, and
will make that report upon principles which they
can sustain. If it shall be unsatisfactory to the
minority, I suppose there are gentlemen here,
members of the minority, who are capable of ex-
amining the report and expressing such dissatis-
faction as they may entertain.
I hope the responsibility will rest where the
Senate has chosen to place it. The subject
belongs to the Judiciary Committee. Let that
committee examine it and report upon it; and let
us not form a committee composed specially in
part of one and in part of another party, on the
i ground that the regular committee is constituted
was raised, upon which I think some one of the ij as it is. The responsibility was taken in the fust
peculiar minority should have been put, if upon |! place when it was constituted, and I think is not
any committee. I allude to the special committee 'i to be evaded by appointing special committees
m regard to the question of privilege raised in the j for particular cases. I hope this case will *o
case of the assault on Mr. Sumner. That was h where it should go, according to the ordinarv
made a select committee, as I suppose, for pecu-(l a—° *
liar reasons; but peculiar as was the case, and
peculiar as was the minority, not one of them
was appointed on it. It is by no means certain,
if you pass ever the regular mode now of a ref-
erence to the Judiciary Committee, that you will
get one of this minority on the special committee.
1 do not want them there, so far as I have any-
thing to do_with_ it. I have perfect confidence j
course of the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire, as little as the hon-
orable Senator fro en Elaine, to avoid anv respons-
ibility that properly falls upon me in this body.
Most certainly the Senator is entirely in error
when he supposes it is the duty of the Judiciary
Committee to consider such cases, or the settled
practice of the Senate to referelection cases to that
committee. In latter years it may have been so;
Tit f,udlcIa''yCcmm\ttee- 1 do not say this to but I have a very distinct recollection of" several
at er them; they are a.together above that; but; cases which were referred to special committees
One arose early in the history of the country, in
1T96. It was the case of a gentleman who'pre-
sented credentials from my State, which v.-ere
referred to a select committee. Lanman V ca=e
I have the most unbounded confidence in their
judgment. I do not mean generally in their pol- j
itics, [laughter:] but I have confidence in their [
integrity and judicial learning. Having such a '
i! ^h w^^ much litigated on.
ng an appropriate question for their con- lcraicu LU
them; and I hope :l was chairman, I believe.
, was also
referred to a select committeeVof winch Mr. Eaton
1 spoke of the modern
that no member of this minority will beg for a !■ Mr FESSENDEN
special committee on the ground that they ought j1 practice
T beli.e7e that they :[ Mr. BAYARD. The modern practice may b*
hope the subject will take j no better than the old one. The honorable S. n-
n r , li ator c^°oses to put it on the ground of a shrink--
:h
not an agreeable office. It was my" painful dutv- * ^'.15 *hon!d I'W" •  ' 
to write reports turning all three of tL™ J C .u;- J.1°:ryo^ncty of TO-tUum.,* tJir validity of
■* , 7 r wiav liivy VUgUi, j
to be put upon it. I do not believe that they ■{
ought to be upon it. T •" '
the usual course.
Mr. BUTLER.
B^/4=S^!r£!?£ftSSw  
twice, but three or four times—to take cognizance I
of the matter, on the ground that I represented I
th jurisdiction of a Committee on Privileges and !
Elections I refused to do so, because, perhaps !
witht V if iei jen tI,ougt>t intrusive on rights' j'
with which I Lad very little concern. ° 1
a body of which they were member:
that the duty should fall on others.
Mr. HALE. You should have this ease to
allow you to keep one in.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not say that such may
not be the result. I have kept in those of the
peculiar minority, and turned out those of the
I general majority. [Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. So you did.
Mr. BUTLER. Such might be the case here
I may have gone too far in my sense of justice
I hope the subject will go to a special commute,;
composed of the oldest members of the Shinto
a Mr PEwIndp ACW Y°lk wi" fap 0,!e'
i , I .presume there is no
member of the minorily here who d«s,r,« to
placed upon a special commjttec to examme this
> >:•
i .4
be called a >-•-
has been hitlif
u!d
ca!Wj
ii it
e any
ams
rh ri
Having said thus much, I repeat ^expression ! 5b? cZtZ-dVTn^''1' ' '.'"I* tw,n he
that the subiw.f michi- '• l ? ' ^ winch usnoiiv
f J<;CtS ''har=e' !t ,1
Mattel of some labor to investigate the cLe,
refe?re(l°/n n'°n' that tho su£>>c* Mffi" "to
refeired to a committee of the oldest Senators
sides.
nil <IaS mZ Pflni"ul dut);-,! as t0 the propriety of sust.uni.i^ '(!,
all three of them out ot ;; this election, I should like to have i
1 prefer !, the minority as well as of the m,ij. ,rh
1 hkc to hear those who Honir :<i wh."
this peculiar minority m t!>,
no purase of mine; nor will 1 atti-mpt t > £-
reason for its peculiarity, nor <-; n 1
unless It arise fin,,, t|„. ii,.,! it nmy j
Hi'iial us.r,only; and t!{;;t 1 itop<;
rt'i, and always v.-jil i,<. r.-afi.-r,
a peculiarity in mmontiuH in tiii* hi-dy „r H. tins
country. ) i hope tiie course whi-'h has (put.' us-
m.iiiy pr-ivdeiits m this boiivas Uni of re(V-,-.-ire
t" tin Judiciary Cmmnie.i e.'uiii !r; sj |,v
Ih<: N-riatc, ami that this rase w ill 1), r, f-ir-tl
asper!n) rommiii.-e. 1 thii.lc si„> I,
atnr lroia Xc ' Hampshire Wilif,,,,) mis-
taken; and probably ()lh( r ()f
til- S..lulte who ty wi,h
whim j„. acts, will l„- r.im-ed „„
Kiittee.^so as to ;nve fail opportunity for e(iuiiV.r-
Hon ot ,opinion on a purely !r,.al ou-s'ion
• Mr. Preaidriit, 1 would not
