120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
which this Government in a time of great trial,
promised to those who were engaged in the de-
fense of her liberties, and which compensation
has never been meted out to them. _
The resolution of Congress, passed m 178U,
was to grant half pay to the officers of the ai my
of the nation, and did not include the navy.
That was afterwards commuted by a resolution
of Congress, to full pay for five years. In pur-
suance of the latter resolution, commutation cer-
tificates were issued to the officers, which were
sold at a ruinous discount. The officers, or their
descendants, now come here and make a claim on
this Government to compensate them for the
losses which they sustained in consequence of the
depredation of the Government paper. They
come in the shape of claimants. They do not
come here asking for the bounty of the Govern-
ment, but they come in the prosecution of a
claim. Although, strictly speaking, this may not
be a legal claim, because they agreed to settle their
original demand in the mode in which Congress
proposed, yet undoubtedly there is an equitable
claim on their part upon this Government, and
one which I think a just and liberal and mag-
nanimous Government ought to acknowledge.
If any such inducement had been held out to
the officers of the navy at that time, if any such
resolutions had been passed for their benefit, it
■would be manifestly improper to cxclude them
from this bill; but they stand on an entirely dif-
fcrentfooting. The proposition of the honorable
Senator from Maryland goes to the extent of
dispensing the liberality of this Government, and
mot its justice, towards them. Hence, I say,
they stand on a totally different footing; and, so
far as this bill is concerncd, a proposition to in-
clude officers of the navy would not be proper.
I will say now that, if a separate bill be intro-
duced to afford to them such compensation as a
liberal Congress think they, or their widows or
children, ought now to have for the services ren-
dered by them in the navy at the time of the
Revolution, i will vote for it with great cheerful-
ness.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am in favor of the
passage of this bill; and therefore I am opposed
to the adoption of this amendment, being thor-
oughly persuaded that its adoption will in all
probability defeat the bill. If it goes back to the
House of Representatives in the short session,
of which only about two and a half months re-
main, it has to pass through a Committee of the
Whole there, and, in all probability, it will no
more be readied. Now, the question is whether
we ought to jeopard this bill, in which so many
hundreds ami thousands of meritorious claimants
are concerncd, when the whole object of the
amendment can be accomplished by an act of
original legislation!
Those cases do not stand upon the same ground
at all. As has been justly remarked by the gen-
tleman from Delaware, [Mi-.Comegys,] one pro-
ceeds upon the idea of an unsatisfied obligation;
the other is a mere liberality. It may be just. I
am sure I should listen to the investigation of the
claims proposed to bo embraced in the amend-
ment in the kindest and most liberal spirit, and
should vote for it unless something were devel-
oped that I do not now anticipate. But I will not
vote for it in the form of an amendment to this
bill. I will not put at ftB-ther hazard or delay the
relief proposed to be given to the descendants of
a thousand revolutionary officers, for the purpose
of providing for seventy or eighty men who, per-
haps, performed equally meritorious services in
the navy. I think it would be unjust to them.
I hope that the amendment, for this reason, with-
out regard to its merits, will not be adopted.
_ Mr. BUTLER. I owe it perhaps to the occa-
sion to say one or two words upon this subject.
I represent a constituency perhaps equally in-
terested with the descendants of the gallant
Barney in this question, for I believe the descend-
ants of Paul Jones live in South Carolina; at
least they represented themselves as South Caro-
linians when they had a claim before Congress
heretofore. The representatives of Joyner, who
lost the gallant vessel South Carolina, are living
there. I know an inquiry will be made of me
how I can make a preference in favor of revolu-
tionary officers who were in the Continental Bar-
vice, and others who encountered equal hazard,
and upon the score of merit have an equal claim
upon the liberality of Congress. I can discrim-
inate very well on this simple proposition; that
the Continental officers entered into the service
under a contract, and performed their part of the
contract, while the naval officers entered into no
such contract. As we all know, each State had
a navy. There was also, I believe, a flag of the
Confederation; Paul Jones certainly carried the
flag of the Confederation. It would be very
difficult for me to distinguish between the officers
of a State navy and the officers of the Confeder-
ation navy. I do not know how I could well
distinguish between them; and if we were to go
into the margin which this amendment would
allow to us, of giving compensation to all revolu-
tionary officers and their descendants on account
of their military merit, I should certainly feel
bound to include the descendants of the legion of
Marion and of Sumter; and I suppose others
would present a similar claim for George Rogers
Clarke and for Stark who fought at Bennington,
and others who were partisans. They certainly
in point of merit would come within this claim,
but they are excluded, and excluded upon the
broad ground that they do not comc within the
legislative contract which was- made with the
Continental officers. As long as you limit it to
them I can see some foundation for the bill; but
if you act upon the ground of merit, I know not
how far you may go to extend your jurisdiction
to take in the meritorious claims of Virginians,
South Carolinians, and those partisans who
really performed meritorious service all over the
country. I cannot vote for it then. I know it
will cost some effort to vote against it, because I
have a good many constituents who will feel
justly sensitive on the subject.
Mr. BROWN. It is not likely, sir, that we
can get through with this bill to-day, ["Yes,
yes,"] and we ought not to do it, if we could. It
will be recollected that the Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs,] who is not now present, and who
is expected here every day, was postponed in the
midst of a speech on this very bill. He was op-
posing it; and he gave notice to the Senate, at the
last session, that he desired to resume that speech
when the question should be taken up again. I
think it would be grossly unjust to him, since
most of us, and probably all of us, know he is de-
tained from being here by causes which he could
not control, to take the question when he is not
here. I understanJfce is now on his way to the
capital, and may be expected to-morrow, or the
next day, or by Thursday at furthest. If no
one desires to speak on the main question further
to-day, I shall move to postpone the bill until next
Monday, with a view of giving that Senator an
opportunity of arriving here, and having some
little time after he does arrive to take his position
in the debate, and conclude the speech which he
had half deliveredatthelastsession. If anybody
desires to address the Senate further to-day, of
course I do not press the motion now; but if no
one does,^ move to postpone the bill until next
Monday, with a view of giving the Senator from
Georgia an opportunity of arriving here to resume
his speech and conclude it on that day.
Mr. EVANS. I certainly am disposed to be
as courteous to the gentleman from Georgia as
the Senator from Mississippi is. My own un- ,
derstanding, in conversation with that gentleman, j
was, that lie had finished his speech, and had said I
all he desired to say. The bill was postponed to I
this time; I do not know whether on his motion I
or on the motion of somebody else.
Mr. FOSTER. It was not on his motion.
Mr. EVANS. I beg leave to state that this
bill, or one of which it is an exact copy with a
single alteration made in the House of Represent-
atives, was introduced m February last. A day
or two after the bill was introduced, I was asked i
by the Senator from Georgia to let it stand over !
until he returned, as he desired to oppose it, and '
to present his views. That Senator went home, .
and did not return for five or six weeks, durin"
all of which time I could have had the bill con' j
sidered at any period, but for the promise I made 1
him not to call it up in his absence. In the mean
time, the naval board and Kansas questions arose-
and with" all the efforts I could make from the <
time he returned, I could never get the bill up :
until August. Now, I think courtesy enough
in relation to this bill has been extended to him !
and I hope, therefore, that the Senate will proceed •
with the discussion, and that we shall get through
with it to-dav if we can.
Mr. BROWN. There ia force in what my
friend from South Carolina says; but it will be
recollected that when the Senator from Georgia
was on the floor insisting upon discussing thia
question, by a sort of conventional arrangement
here it was agreed that he should resume his
speech at this session of Congress. He is neces-
sarily detained from his seat; he is expected here
in a few days; and, upon my word, it strikes me
that we shall be taking a snap judgment on him
by taking up and passing on the question before
his arrival here. He is opposed to the bill. It
is a very important measure, involving a vast ap-
propriation of money, and I think we are bound
to hear what he has to say. I do not want to
postpone the consideration of the question beyond
the end of the session. So far as I am concerned,
I am, perhaps, as well prepared for the vote to-
day as I shall be next Monday, or any subse-
quent day of the session; but I should feel ex-
ceedingly reluctant to treat in this way an absent
Senator, and especially one who is detained from
the Senate by causes which he cannot control.
If, however, it be the sense of the Senate to take
the question, let it be so. I prefer that it should
be postponed until next Monday, and I make
that motion.
Mr. FOOT. I hope the Senator from Missis-
sippi will allow the question to be taken on the
pending amendment, which perhaps may be de-
cisive of the ultimate fate of the bill.
Mr. BROWN. Then I should object, because
that would necessarily settle the question against
the Senator from Georgia before he arrives.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I concur with my hon-
orable friend from Mississippi. I think courtesy
requires that-the honorable Senator from Georgia
shoufd be heard on this question. I know it is a
subject which he has investigated very thorough-
ly, and which, I think, he fully understands.
Surely the legislation proposed by this bill is of
no ordinary character. The large amount which
it proposes to take from the Treasury should
induce the Senate to hear all that can be said on
both sides. I am prepared to vote upon the bill
now if required to do so, although I do not pro-
fess to have taken the pains which some other
gentlemen have taken to examine it. But it ap-
pears to .me that the courtesy which has usually
prevailed in this body towards gentlemen who
evince great interest in any measure, requires that
this bill should not now be disposed of in the
absence of the honorable Senator from Georgia,
who feels a deep solicitude in regard to it, as I
know. This is an act of courtesy which, I am
well aware, nogentleman would soonergrant than
my honorable friend from South Carolina. We
are yet in the commencement of the session; we
have not reached the holidays; and it should be
remembered that it is unusual, at this stage of the
session, to d ispose so summarily as i t is proposed
to dispose of this bill, of questions of engrossing
interest. I appeal to the Senate, as an act of
justice to the Senator from Georgia, to postpone
it for a week. I do not desire to speak upon is,
because I do not feel able to shed that light which
the importance of the subject demands. Post-
ponements on grounds like those for which this
is asked are of frequent occurrence in the Senate.
The Senator from Georgia feels a deep interest in
this bill: I have heard him say so. He and I
traveled together to our respective homes in the
South at the close of the last session, and 1 oiVn
heard him speak on the subject. I think n would
be ungracious to cut him ojf m the midst of his
speech, and deprive him of even the pmir privi-
lege of delivering his views to (he St-natr.
Air. SEWARD. Mr. President, I feel it my
duty to come to the support of the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims upon this question of postponement. It
is a case in which an application for courtesy
to an absent -Senator comes mlo conflict, in his
judgment and in mine also, and 1 doubt not
m the judgment of many other Senators, with
considerations paramount to .ill persona! ones—
those of public duty to the country. There are
questions which comc before the Senate of the
united States that are peculiarly interesting to
certain members of the body, as, for instance:,
such a question as that which arose this morn-
ing, which involved au appropriation for the
