126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
his resolution. I agree to the resolution, if the
words, " contrary to the settled policy of the
United States," be stricken out. I deem it im-
proper to pronounce judgment on that point m
advance of discussion. . .
Mr ORR. 1 think the resolution is in the best
shape as it is. If it does not raeet with gentle-
men's approbation, they can frame other resolu-
tions which will suit them, and present them to
the House. I decline to withdraw the call for the
previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask the gen-
• tleman from South Carolina to withdraw the call
for the previous question long enough for me to
oifer an amendment to his resolution.
Mr. ORR. I ask the House to rote on the
resolution as it is. I therefore respectfully de-
cline to withdraw the call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. "WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope the
- House will refuse to second the call for the pre-
vious question. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Orr and
Spinner were appointed.
• The question was taken on seconding the call
for the previous question; and the tellers reported
—ayes 90,.noes 73.
So theprevious question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. ORR. I demand the yeas and nays on
the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 183, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allen, Allison, Ball,
Barbour, Barclay, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingliam, Bocock,
Boyce, Bradshaw, Branch, Brenton, Buffinton, Burlin-
gaine, Burnett, Cadwalader, James H. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Canuhers, Chaffee, Bayaid Clarke, Ezra Clark,
Clawson, Clingman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax,
Onmins, Crawford, Cumback, Damrell, Davidson, Jacob C.
Davis, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Denver, De Wilt, Dick,
Dickson, Dodd, Dowdell, Durfee, Edie, Edmundson, Ed-
wards, Emrie, English, Etlleridge, Eustis, Faulkner, Flag-
ler, Florence, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Gil-
bert, Granger, Greenwood, Grow, Augustus Hall, Robert B.
Hall,Harlan, Sampson W. Hanis, Thomas h. Harris, Har-
rison, Haven, Herbert, Hickman, Hodges, Hoffman, Hollo-
way, ThOmas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Houston,
Howard. Hughston, Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Kelly, Kclsey, Kennett, Kidwcll, King, Knapp,
Knight, Knox, Kunkel, Lake, Loiter, Letcher, Lmdley,
Lumpkin, Mace, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, Maxwell, McCarty,
McMullin, Killian Miller, Smith Miller, Millson, Millwaid,
Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Morrison, Mott, Murray, Nichols,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer,
Parker, Pearce, Peck, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Phelps,
Pike, Porter, Powell, Prmgle, Purviance, Ready, Ricaud,
Ritchie, Rivers, Itobbins, Roberts, Robison, Ituffin, Sabin,
Sage, Sapp, Savage, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Samuel A.
Smith, William II. Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stanton, Ste-
phens, Stranahan, Talbott, Tappan, Taylor, Thormgton,
Thurston, Todd, Trippe, Undenvood, Vaii, Valk, Wade,
Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldion, Warner, Cadvvalader C.
Wttshburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Welch, Wells, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Window,
Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth, John V. Wright, andZoIh- I
coffer—183. '
NAYS—Messrs. Barksdale.Hcndley S. Bennett, Brooks,
Keitt, Quitman, Shorter, Walker, andDaniel B. Wright—8.
So the resolution was adopted.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. WRIGHT, of Kentucky, stated that if he
had been present when his name was called, he
would have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. BARKSDALE stated that he could not
vote for the resolution, regarding it too broad in
its terms. He would have voted for that pro-
posed bythe gentleman's colleague, [Mr. Boyce.I
Mr. SHORTER. Mr. Speaker, the Soutli has
not applied to Congress to repeal the law prohib-
iting the foreign slave trade, and until she does
so, I am opposed to any agitation of the ques-
tion here. It may be unwise and inexpedient to
repeal existing laws on this subject, but I am
not prepared to say what will, or will not, be
the " settled policy" of the South in time to come.
Without intending to say that I am m favor of
•the bar when his name;was called, he would have
voted in the affirmative.
Mr. ORR.   move to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also move
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM CAREY JONES.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I rise to a privileged
question. I move to reconsider the vote by which
a bill (S. No. 27) for the relief of William Carey
Jones was referred to the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar. I only
ask that the motion be entered.
The motion was entered.
The SPEAKER. Resolutions are in order
from the State of Maine.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I offer the
following resolution;
Resolvei, That the President be requested to cause to be
communicated to this House, statements of the amounts of
money paid, and liabilities incuried, for the pay, support,
and other expenses of persons called into the service of
the United States in the Territory of Kansas, either under
the designation of the militia of Kansas or of fosses sum-
moned by the civil officers in that Territory, since the date
of its establishment; also, statements of the amounts paid
to marshals, sheriffs and their deputies, and to witnesses,
and for other expenses in the arrest, detention, and trial of
persons charged in said Territory with ticason against the
United States, or with violations of the (so called) laws of
said Territory.
Mr. ORR. Do not the rales require that the
resolution shall lie over one day ?
The SPEAKER. The resolution was pre-
sented from the State of Maine, under a call of
the States for resolutions.
Mr. ORR. But resolutions calling for informa-
tion must nevertheless lie over one day, under the
rules, if objected to.
The SPEAKER. It is a resolution calling for
information, and can be considered at this time
only by unanimous consent.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that
the rules be suspended.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. • I move that
PETITIONS.
the House adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine.
I call for tell-
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Billinq-
huest and Hickman were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 79, noes 66.
So the motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly (at three o'clock) adjourned until to-
morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 16,1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the President of
the United States, transmitting to Congress an
extract from a letter of the 22d ultimo, from the
Governor of the Territory of Kansas to the
Secretary of State, with a copy of the executive
minutes to which it refers, which have been re-
ceived since the date of the President's annual
message.
The message was read; and ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed. '
_ He also laid before the Senate a communica- !
tion from the President of the United States, '
transmitting a copy of a letter of the 20th of ,
May last, fr.om the Commissioner of the United '
States in China, and of the decree and regula- '
tions which accompanied it, for such revision
~ —  — I thereof as Congress mav deem expedient r>ur-
reSinf ' V°te 8gamSt thel' Suant t0 the sixth section of the act approved
resolution. A i,n-nat 11 1Q/IU
Mr. BJENJAMIN presented the memorial of
Miles Judson, praying that money paid by him
on account of alleged defalcation of the late pur-
ser Andrew D. Crosby, may be refunded, and
that he may be released from liability as one of
his sureties; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of the ltga!
representatives of Regis Loisel, praying for the
confirmation of their title to a tract of land at the
Big Bend of the Missouri; winch was referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
He also presented the petition of Mary Liscl,
widow of Manuel De Lisel, praying for ihe con-
firmation of her title to a tract of land ekir.vd
under a Spanish grant; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
He also presented the memorial of George G.
Skipwith, heir and legal representative of Pulwar
Skipwith, praying for remuneration for the diplo-
matic services and expenses of his father, while
Consul General of the United States in France,
in the years 1795 and 1797; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the memorial of George G.
Skipwith, heir and legal representative of Fuiwar
Skipwith, praying the payment of an award made
in his favor under the convention with France in
1803, and improperly diverted to other objects
without his consent, and to be allowed other
claims against the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
R. R. Kendall, the petition of Thomas Johnson,
the petition of John Lunt, and the petition of
William Cutts, invalid pensioners, praying for
a modification of the pension law.*--; whi< h were
| referred to the Committee on Pensions,
j He also presented the petition of Thomas
| Johnson, an'invalid pensioner, praying to be
| allowed arrears of pension; which was referred
| to the Committee on Pensions.
1 Mr. CASS presented a memorial of citizens of
I Michigan engaged in the manufacture of pine
| lumber, praying that Wood worth's patent for a
I planing machine may not be extended; which
J was referred to the Committee on Patents and
te Patent Office.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented the memorial of
^dward D. Reynolds, a purser in the Navy,
praying to be allowed a commission on his dis-
bursements of the Mexican military contribution
fund; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. PUGH presented the memorial of Charles
H. Key, administrator of Simon F. Blunt, de-
ceased, praying Congress to purchase for the use
of the Navy Air. Blunt's patent for a method of
detaching small boats from their cables when
lowered at sea; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of A. 8 fwes
uiry
of the Senate, be referred to the Commit;
Affairs.
on MJ
Mr. WATICINS. I have declined voting on >
the several resolutions relative to reopening the i
slave trade, because I have paired off with Mr.
Watson. If I had been at liberty to vote, I J
should have voted in accordance with my views j
of the nationality of the subject. [Laughter 1 !
Mr. PUR YEAR stated that if he had been !
present when his name was called, he would ii
i\l v<^e(* 'n *he affirmative. 11
Mr. PAINE stated that if he had been within ' I
August 11, 1848.
The message was read; and ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of State, made in obedience to law,
showing the disbursements of that Department
during the fiscal year ending the 3Uth of Juic,
1856, including disbursements for contingent ex-
penses of foreign intercourse duritig- the same
period; which was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed
On motion of Mr. THOMSON, of X«w Jersey,
rt it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Th<" m.'i« i. P.tc. on
files of the Senate, be referred to the Oimmsit-" wt Naval
i Affairs.
11 On motion of Mr. BROWN, tt was
;; Ordered, That Jeremiah Smith ami <; «*; * Whitman
,| have leave to withdr.uv tlirir pciKmn and :j.- r«.
I ARSE.YALAT FAYETTEVILLE.
•j Mr. BFJD snbmitti'l the f,til'tsvmz
i "which was consulorrd hy unaiiimuuti onmi'.-nt,
I and agreed t' :
Retired, Stvu ?,;ry of \V\tf Jm* fri'.i"-!.m] tv>
fiirm-h tin* wnh an < aimKUr   } rh<'
nocfs---ni v for Ui" < mm of tin- {'iiiii <; > rtr« j.st .tt
F.h f tt"v illr. North Cajoima, remitr tt a
ol coiMrti- tioa.
PRIVATK I.AND CLAIMS.
Mr. BF.N'JAMLN" subnim. d ihe following
resolution*, which was cotisidcrt-d by un.tmmHU*
foiisi.-m, and agreed to;
Rcahfl. 'I'lmt iti<-Comimitfi. <«, I'rivate I..nnl ru<rrw
be ui truft*-d to njto 1,1
& g-orti'ra} law. for tn k o{ (k v-Uc Um.J <  ur.£*
m ih«- of riontir t Arkansas, &*«I
fcoim.
