128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16.
of Congress, for which this appropriation was
made and re-specified by the act of the Legisla-
ture of Texas, in all probability the amount of
$170 000, which will not be presented by the 1st
of January next, and this is just as meritorious
as any class of the claims, with the single excep-
tion that it has not been presented here. There is
no difficulty about this sum, because the amount
is ascertained by reference to the appropriation
made by Congress. It is ascertained from the
act of the Legislature of Texas. This amount
has not been, and will not by the 1st of January
be presented; a«d what is likely to be the reason?
It is possible tlfat some of the claims may have
been lost or destroyed, but certainly not to the
fullamount. The strong probability is, that what
remains unpresented is not in a condition to be
presented. The Secretary of the Treasury pre-
scribed certain rules, I thmlc, outside of the law.
He required that the party should swear that the
interest in the matter was his; and then there is
a good deal of formality in filing the releases
required by law. I know some of it to be in that
condition. I have no doubt a large portion of
this balance is in the hands of orphan children
in States where letters of administration have
not been taken out, and hence they may not be
able to comply with the technical form prescribed
by the Treasury Department.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. RUSK. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. I stand in the attitude of
being a representative of a number of that class
of persons wh<my$he honorable Senator thinks
a very rapacious one in requiring the final distri-
bution now; and I listen, therefore, with very
great interest to his explanations. I am inclined
to be entirely satisfied with the explanations the
honorable Senator makes, and go with him; but
it is stated to me by the holders of these claims
that there is an estimate of the amount which is
probably lost and destroyed, based upon some
principle, I do not know what, by which they
calculate the probable losses of certificates which
will never be found. Has the honorable Senator
any basis or any calculation for himself of what
the amount will bo that is lost? That some por-
tion has been lost I do not doubt.
Mr. RUSK. I have no calculation regarding
it at all. A good deal of the debt was in the
shape of bills and promissory notes, some of
■which, doubtless, were lost and torn up, and, as
happens sometimes with bank bills in the hands
of individuals, were destroyed. Others are lying
in the hands of persons who regarded them at the
time they received them as of little value, and
they may perhaps make their appearance. I
have no means of making any sort of estimate of
what is the probable amount lost or destroyed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to get as little
explanation from the Senator.
Mr. RUSK: Certainly; I am ready to make
any explanation I can.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do I understand that,
after making the proper deduction to meet the
$400,000 suspended, there will remain a balance
of #170,000?
Mr. RUSK. Yes, sir, that is the statement
of the Secretary of the Treasury. About one
hundred and seventy thousand dollars
Mr. RUSK. That is just what I contend they
cannot and ought not to do. 1 will explain to
the Senator how that provision was made. The
time fixed for the presentation of the claims ran
out, and, as I am informed, (I was not here at
the time,) various persons were in the city who
had claims, and came here, supposing they were
in time to present them, but found that they were
too late. They called upon some member of the
House of Representatives, who introduced a
joint resolution extending the time for the pre-
sentation of the claims to the first day of January
next. In that shape it passed the House of
Representatives. It came to the Senate, and here
was amended by extending the time; and also
providing for dividing the money tliat might re-
main among the creditors already paid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has there not been an
assent bv Texas to that provision ?
Mr. RUSK. There has been a strong protest
against it, declaring it to be in violation of the
contract entered into with her. I have presented
those resolutions of the Texas Legislature. The
Secretary of the Treasury says that if Congress
directs him, by appropriation, to pay money, he
will not stop to inquire into the violations of ob-
ligations by the payment of that money. The
State of Texas contends that it is a violation of
the compact; and I so contend. But the mere
time of presentation, I am satisfied,-will make no
great difference with Texas; because the legisla-
tion, both of Congress and Texas, provided for
the payment, pro rata, of those creditors.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Such claims as were pre-
sented before a certain time.
Mr. RUSK. That provision was a mere for-
mality of a condition subsequent. The equity
of the claims does not depend on whether they
were presented before or after that time. Per
before the time limited by said notice, be presented at ttie
Treasury ^Department."
This section directs the manner of payment,
and is by no means of the essence of the compact
between the United States and Texas.
" Sec. 6. Jlnd he it further enacted, That tl.ih act shall
not take effect until it hall be a-sworne-d to in an a. t of the
Legislature of the State of Tesa«, and a copy or the :>rt of
said State, dtUy authenticated, deposited in the Trea-ury
Department at Washington, nor until the L.';;e;:mire of
the State of Texas shali pa s :m art u-uhdrawm.* and aban-
doning alt claims and demands against the l-'mtrd State.-.,
growing out of Indian depredations or otherwise."
The decision of the Secretary of the Treasury
was the guide for the passage of the law. The
debt was ascertained by that decision, and by the
decision of the Attorney General. It was a' cer-
tain class of debt—that for which the ri venues; of
the late Republic of Texas were pledged. Tins
act distributes the money pro rata amongst those
creditors. The Legislature of Texas, to muke
the matter still more clear, reiterates the same
classes of debts included by Mr. Corwin and Mr.
! Cushing, as those for which the revenues of the
i State of Texas were pledged,
i Mr. FESSENDEN. Do I understand theSen-
j ator to say that the regulations of the Treasury
| Department superadded conditions to those re-
j quired by the act of Congress, in consequence of
! which some claims were not admitted ?
| Mr. RUSK. Yes, sir. The act did not require
: the holder who presented the claim to swear that
j it was his property. The advertisement is to lie
■ found in all the papers; the honorable Senator
j can see it. The Secretary required an affidavit
. to be made, and certain releases to be filed. The
i Secretary thought he was required to make these
I regulations by the terms of the act which reqnir, d
' him to pay the money to the creditor*; of rlVxa<*,
, and he prescribed that each individual should lie
haps the stronger equity would be on the side of I1 sworn, so as to ascertain that he was the bom jide
those who are under some disability, such as !; holder.
orphan children, not presenting their claims in ij Mr. CRITTENDEN. What were the super-
time. What 1 now desire mostly is—I do not
care so much about the extension of the time—
to repeal that part of the joint resolution already
passed which directs a distribution of the balance
without the consent of Texas. The truth is,
according to the -construction of the act, these
creditors are not entitled to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator,
if there be a larger amount of claims presented
than the sum appropriated to meet them, whether,
necessarily, by the true construction of the act,
the whole fund must not be divided among those
claimants who have presented their claims, pro-
vided the claims are large enough to cover it:
Mr. RUSK. Surely not; and it is so provided
both in the act of Congress and in the act of
Texas. The idea, perhaps, is obtained from
some other appropriations. There cannot be a '!
larger amount presented than that contemplated
by the act of Congress. The class of claims are
enumerated, as I have said, m three separate and
distinct schedules—Mr. Corwin's, Mr. Cush-
ing's, and the act of Texas.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Upon that point I want
an explanation.
Mr. RUSK. I will read an extract from the
act of Congress. The act of 1855, making the
appropriation of §7,750,000, provides:
added conditions?
j Mr. RUSK. The advertisement wii! show.
J One was,thatthe claimants should swear that they
; were the actual owners of what they presented.
! Another was, that certain releases m a particular
; form should be filed and signed before a notarv
j public. When it comcs to the execution of a
' release, the honorable Senators from Kentucky
| and Maine will see that an orphan child could not
j[ sign a release, as required by the Secrt-tarv.
j! Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator whether
i: it will not follow, if these difficulties arose, ami
!j this money be improperly distributed, that the
J. Government will be responsible?
j; Mr. RUSK. It will be clearlv responsible, in
ij my opinion. In the first place, 'if the resolution
j of last session is carried out, in my judgment it
! will amount to a violation of the compact with the
j State of Texas. In the next place, it will b* a
, gross injustice towards those creditors v.ho 1
| not presented their claims, especially orphan <
: dren, and those claimants who, from <}.>-
lability, were unable to present thiir chums in
time. Besides, it will be a donation o it of the
is the estimate mad'e by him oFthe'^stensTble j S'e
amount of the debts whic& will not be presented 'j HepublinofTexas, Who hold each bonds, or other evidence
by January next; the pro rata on which will !| °f dpbt> which the revenues of that Republic were
leave one hundred and thirty-seven thousand dol~ !! PH^M^verc reported to be within the provisions of the
lars, or thereabouts, of money in the Treasury. !' h-v.!lie W
Mr. FESSENDEN. After withholding enough
to meet the results of litigation ?
Mr. RUSK. Yes, sir. He says there will be
about one hundred and thirty-seven thousand
dollars left. I speak in round numbers. Th«
Secretary's statement is on the tables, and print-
ed, and will show the amounts more particularly.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. A difficulty suggests
itself to my mind, which, perhaps, the Senator
may remove. It is this: the act of 1855 was
made dependent on the assent of Texas; Texas as-
sented to the act as passed. One of the provisions
of the act was, that this money should be applied
to the payment of claims presented befere a cer-
l?m date- Now, I ask whether the Congress of
the United States can legally appropriate'the bal-
ance that is said to remain, without the assent of
Texas?
I Treasury to those creditors who
i themselves with accepting this act, and
: their releases both to Texas and sin- Cmi. d>
, We have no means of enforcm? a .-h.-i.
. the United States. The honorable S.-na*or k
how difficult it is for a State to .-iiiorc- ti..- <•;.
, claim against the United Suit, s: Im' :f
' tnui were between individu
sent of difficulty, in ruy ha
The PRESIDENT"/.,•« urn^r,. TI.,- I 
alii it
;"V. <
ip St
i. tin f.' weuid ltd no
late Secretary oftfie Treasury to the President of the United j.,,,- ,
States, and approved by lnm on the 13th day of September, amwmted for li.e*
18al, or which come within the provisions of said act. ! aPP01"tl" 1 >e
according to the opinion upon the Texas compactor the 0!af''" has arrived, and l! i.
Otherwise direct, rl |iy tj,,
— compact of the
present Attorney General of the United States addre^nd
to the Secretary of the Treaouiy, uuder date of September
-ftti, 1&3, the sum oran,-.00,001), to be apportioned anion"
thp s.axd Holders*pro rata.y* c
In^ a subsequent section the presentation is
required, aijd the Secretary is to withhold pay-
ment on all claims not presented in time. I will
j read that also. This is disconnected alto^etls. y
j from the former section, which describes th« ei, <-'s
of creditors, and provides that they shall bp paid
| pro rata:
f ^ ^ further enarted, That f.'-fore nnvrie tit
; °[ 'he moneys aforesaid, the Secretary nf ihe Tr."Vnrv
shall give nonce, by public advertM-wiit. for the of
ninety ,1*5 ,of the time at *,H lament n n h.
made; and m payment thail he made on a,.y bond .v,
, unratc, or evidence of debt, winch shall not," tiiirij thy*
-•ken up u
rf. i
ii,- it
lie
Mr RUSK. 1 w,.u;.i ,.„t
special order, but lin« r. \ >lu'ii,,s •
ual fur us purpose m;', if i„. jM,
1st of Jai.uaiy; and tiier.!' ,ie, it
able to the ,r, i,-wh.. has th.
speci il order, ! a-dt that the dixcu
u,'a\' <m on.
A/r. v^K\\ AIU . 1 horn*so. I
fk"i uji.h thp prtjpoMUoji, ;u;U
tlf.U It aliJiU now,
Mr, KUfcK. 1 mm? tn
onh rr aiul comiuuc th«j con id«;ruti:
r<vo}ota>n.
Th ' monon wns n^ri od u>
Mr. fcKNJ A MIX? I Miou!, Mr. IV*fctu'Tst,
na.,i tne
-u>n
nw h
ma tju'.u- \whifsg-
: n oi linn js
in!
nit
