1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
Known that the whole fund would not fully dis-'
charge all the claims. It was limited to those
debts for which the revenues of Texas had been
pledged, under some idea, I suppose, that that
pledge created an obligation on this Government
when it annexed Texas. At all events, the fund
of $5,000,000 of stock in the hands of the Gov-
ernment had been reserved for distribution among
those persons, and they were the class of credit-
ors for whom the act of 1855 made provision.
As has been stated by the honorable Senator
from Louisiana, that act did not provide for dis-
tributing the money among all those to whom
these certificates had originally been issued; but
it provided that none except those persons coming
within these opinions and that descriptive list
should be entitled to any portion of the fund.
Congress, however, prescribed how this fund,
which was a pro rata fund, should be distributed;
and they went on the principle that the laws are
made for the vigilant, and not for the negligent,
and in this compromise bill they provided for
giving a preference to those who promptly came
in and released their claims, and barred those not
presented within a certain period, carrying out
the maxim ,De nonapparentibus et non existentibus,
eadem est lex. The creditors had a prospect of
receiving, not the amount of their debts, but a
less sum, seventy-six or seventy-eight per cent.,
or whatever it might be—the amount was not
determined when they executed the releases.
They were to present their claims, prove them,
and release both Texas and the United States,
before there was any distribution of the fund.
The United States were bound by the terms of
that law to divide the whole fund among those
who presented their claims within the specified
time, or there was no meaning in the language
of the law. The Secretary of the Treasury
thought otherwise; and he assumed a discretion.
In regard to that, I shall only say that, m my
opinion, if these creditors had gone to the circuit
court of the United States for the District of
Columbia for a writ of mandamus, it would have
been decided that this was not a matter of discre-
tion with him; but that the act was mandatory,
and his duty under it simply ministerial. I think
they could have compelled him to distribute the
whole fund, if the decision of the Supreme Court,
which recognizes the jurisdiction by mandamus
of the circuit court of the United States for the
District of Columbia, is to be held law. The
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury was purely
ministerial. As regards the quantum to be ascer-
tained, it was a mere matter of calculation.
When the parties presented, proved, and released
their claims, they had a right to demand that the
amount should be divided among them.
That is the view I take of the law; but T may
be in error. It is not only my own opinion, but
I have heard a dozen lawyers, conversant with
the law, express their opinion upon it, and none
of them entertained a doubt that this was the
true and proper construction. Until this debate,
I did not hear a different opinion.
Now, sir, a grave question is presented to Con-
gress, which is well worth weighing before you
determine to pass this resolution. If my con-
struction be correct, that the holders of certificates
(for they alone are made creditors under the law)
who presented their claims by the time limited,
which, I believe, was the 13th of June last, and
proved them, and released under the exigencies
of that law, were then entitled to the whole fund,
I ask whether, if you refuse to divide the fund
among them after you have got their release, you
may not invalidate those releases, both as to
Texas and the General Government? "Where a
party,for a sum less than the amountofhis debt,
say seventy-six per cent., agrees to release the
whole debt, provided, as a matter of calculation,
you will pay him the amount of a certain fund
to which he claims a right, and after you get his
release you refuse to make the payment, I ask if
you do not invalidate that release in a court of
equity ? I think you do; and if you invalidate
the releases, rely upon it you will have the cred-
itors back upon you here session after session.
You will have the case brought before the Court
of Claims in order to determine this question,
and if I am right in my opinion (and I tell you
I am certainly not singular in it) in regard to the
construction of this law, and the resolution of-
fered by the honorable Senator from Texas be
adopted, the result will be that the United States
will open themselves to invalidating the releases,
both as to the Government and to the State of
Texas; both will be prejudiced by it, and the
claims will be kept up, and, I suppose, like other
cases, ultimately something will be allowed.
I have said, sir, that in my judgment the cred-
itors of Texas had no original claim against this
Government at all. I think so still. Beyond the
amount of this pro rata fund which they were to
receive, I do not consider them as having any
claim on the Government of the United States,
whatever their claim may be upon the State of
Texas. The question is more important to her,
because, although it is true that, as a sovereign
State, she cannot be sued, still claims may con-
stantly be made; and if a fair case of equity can
be made out—if it can be shown that, under a law
passed by the United States, a creditor released
on the faith of that law, and Texas erroneously
objects to his construction of that law, and the
creditor is entitled to the amount he claims, be-
yond all question, if the creditor does not receive
the amount of consideration for which he stipu-
lated in the release, (which was only a portion
I of his claim,) the State of Texas would remain
liable, notwithstanding the release, and the release
itself would be invalidated in a court of equity.
This is worthy of consideration.
When such a great difference of opinion exists,
I think the subject should be referred to a com-
mittee. Questions of this kind arc worthy of
inquiry. I differ widely from the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Finance oil the con-
struction of this law; but 1 am willing that he
should investigate it in common with the other
members of the committee; and I hope investiga-
, tion will induce him to doubt the correctness of
j his opinion on the legal question, with reference
■ as well to the interests of the United States as of
Texas.
There is another point on which I wish to
comment. The Secretary of the Treasury, it
seems to me, has taken an erroneous view of this
law in every step. Singularly enough, under the
joint resolution passed at the last session, the
Secretary of the Treasury has proceeded to pur-
sue an extraordinary mode of action, as I think;
that is, he has printed the names of those to
whom each certificate was issued, and notified
the world of everything about it. This was done
when it was well known that a great many claims
had been forged or fraudulently attempted to be
interpolated on the Treasury by individuals,
when they were not correct claims. It seems to
me that the mode in which the annunciation was
made (for which the act did not call in the re-
motest degree) was nothing more than a premium
upon fraud. The act did not call for such a
mode of notice. It was giving a descriptive list
which would put into the hands of those dis-
posed to be fraudulent the means of perpetrating
fraud on the Government, and was inviting them
to do so. Let no one suppose that I mean for a
moment to say that the Secretary of the Treas-
j ury intended or desired anything of the kind,
t Par from it; for I know no officcr of the Gov-
ernment in whose integrity and character I have
higher confidence; but I think that in reference
i to this law, he has somehow strangely taken an
I erroneous view of it throughout.
I Further, he raises another difficulty in the
j answer which he has returned to your call for
information at this session. It appears from his
statement that there are about four hundred thou-
sand dollars of claims presented and proved, and
[ for which releases were given, that are in litigation
' between the parties as to who shall be entitled to
| the payment; and the Secretary suggests to your
i consideration that it is obvious these claims will
j remain unpaid, and there Will be no money to
! pay them when tile time comes, if the fund in the
| Treasury be distributed on the 1st of January.
The Secretary is very literal in this respect, con-
trary to the construction he put on the act of
Congress in the first instance. As I read the
joint resolution of last session, I regard that as an
anomalous construction. As I view it, the fund
to be distributed on the 1st of January cannot
j embrace any portion of the money which a cred-
itor holding a certificate had proved himself en-
| titled to and released to the Government, though
: the actual payment, as between conflicting par-
I ties, may not have been made, owing to proceed-
ings in a court of justice. In other words, that
portion of the fund is severed from the rest, is
no longer the property of the United States, and
the resolution of the last session cannot for a
moment be considered as applying to it. Here
is one of the extraordinary difficulties which the
honorable Secretary of the Treasury, by his mis-
construction of the law, has thrown into this case.
If I am wrong in my construction, and the
Secretary is right on this point—which really I
cannot for a moment suppose—I should not have
the slightest objection to the reference of the sub-
ject to the Committee on Finance, so that they
may draw up a resolution to ease the scruples of
the Secretary of the Treasury. It can be accom-
plished by inserting some literal word which will
give the former resolution its distinctive effect,
such as the word " unsevered," or " unappro-
priated," or whatever other language the com-
mittee may choose to report. To an amendment
of that kind I should not have the slightest objec-
tion. It would injure no one. It can only be
necessary to prevent a misconstruction founded
on the scruples of the officers of the Government;
and this is a reason for a reference to a com-
mittee. I consider that there is nothing in this
objection. I consider'that the Secretary of the
Treasury has nothing to do with that money
which has already been severed from the fund
by his own act in the distribution made by him.
The fact that parties are' litigating as to the actual
receipt of the money, in a court of justice, as to
who is the veritable individual entitled to receive
it, does not affect the point. The law required
him to distribute upon proof of the claims. He
was not to go into the question of the identity
of the individual; but there was to be a surren-
der of the certificate and a release from the party
holding the certificate, whether the original cred-
itor or not. The Secretary of the Treasury has
complicated the whole matter by bringing in the
question of ownership, with which, under the
law, he had nothing to do. It was enough for
him that a certificate was presented and a release
filed by the holder of the certificate; and then,
on that certificate a pro rata amount was due. If
there was any fraud on the part of that holder
as against the rights of third persons, that was a
question for investigation in the courts, and not
for the Secretary of the Treasury. Of course,
the dividend must be made on the amount of
certificates proved and released; but the money
will not be paid to the individual until the fate of
the dispute has been decided in courts of justice
This is the view that I take of the case. For
the reasons I have stated, I think it right, as the
subject is somewhat complicated, from the dif-
ferent opinions entertained, that it should go to
the appropriate committee—the Committee on
Finance—and they can report either to-morrow
or the next day, or the earliest day they choose.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I know
something of this transaction, having had the
honor of being a member of the Committee on
Finance when it was under their consideration at
the last session, and when the joint resolution,
which was reported on their motion, was passed.
The majority of the committee then considered,
though there was some division of opinion, that
the direction given by the statute to pay only
such claims as should be presented at the time
and in the manner indicated by the statute, was
to be considered rather as directory, than as
belonging to the substance of the law. The sub-
stance of it, as understood between Texas and
the United States, was, that certain debts due by
Texas should be paid pro rata by the United
States, out of a sum of money which was appro-
priated—$7,750,000. That was to pay a debt of
over $10,000,000. Congress provided, ill the law
making this appropriation, and prescribing the
time and manner of the payment, that this act
should not go into effect until Texas gave her
assent to it by an act of her Legislature. Such
ail act was passed by Texas. That act reiter-
ated, 1 believe, what she had before stated the
nature and amount of the debts to which this sum
of §7,750,000 was to be applied. 1 think the
amount was $10,078,703; and Texas declared that
to this debt the sum of $7,750,000 was to bo
applied pro rata. This was the assent of lexas.
She did not in the act of her Legislature assent
expressly to the provision as to the mode of
payment. As to that, she said nothing. She
