THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
denied, however, to the arrangement For paying
the *7,750,000, and applying that sum ratarny
to the $10,078,703 which she owed to a certain
°iRWhfi?Cthe question was under consideration,
at the .last session, agents from Texas were here
attending generally to her interests in this matter .
■JEW protested that Texas had' never consented
to the mode; that as to that she had said nothing;
and that her interest was opposed to any con-
struction of the law which should give exclu-
sively to those who had presented their claims
the whole amount of $7,750,000. They repre-
sented that the wish of Texas was, that after
those who presented their claims had been paid
ratably, further time should be given for those
who had not presented their claims to submit
them. It was under that impression, whether
right or wrong, that the Finance Committee re-
ported the joint resolution which was adopted.
The question, perhaps, is not clear of difficulty.
The great object of the proposition was to release
Texas from her debt. That was her great and
only object—to have her creditors satisfied. The
rule maintained by the Senator from Delaware
would give the whole fund to the creditors who
presented themselves, wjien there were known
to -be others who, from some cause or other—
negligence, inability, or supineness—had not pre-
sented their claims. To adopt that construction,
apd give the money only to those who were dili-
gent enough, and had it in their power to present
their claims at an early day, would be to leave
Texas subject to the demands of all those out-
standing creditors. Texas could not well say to
them when they came and demanded their money,
"Here was an arrangement with the United States,
and you ought to nave presented your claims
there." It would have been an all-sufficient and
all-satisfactory answer on the part of the credi-
tor, to say,- " That was not my bargain with you;
here is your bond, which you are to pay to me
at your own treasury, you have no right to im-
pose on me the condition that I shall go to Wash-
ington and subscribe to other terms than those of
the original contract." Undoubtedly, the claims
would be entirely unaffected in the hands of the
( holder, by any negligence or omission on his
' part to apply to this Government according to
the law.
Then, sir, to accomplish the purpose of Texas,
to accomplish the purpose of this Government,
■which is the same, it was necessary that this law
should be construed. If you attempt to apply a
technical and nice construction to the provision
which requires the payment upon the advertise-
ment for ninety days, to those only who appeared
in pursuance of that notice, the result would be
to give a little more money to the creditors pre-
senting themselves; but it would defeat the ma-
terial and substantial object of all the parties to
the contract, by leaving unsatisfied meritorious
claimants, and also by leaving the State of Texas
herself still exposed to these demands.
All these difficulties and Consequences being
considered at the last session by the Finance
Committee, we thought that we rather regarded
the substance of the thing when we determined
that the failure of claimants to appear with their
claims at the time appointed by the notice, was
less to be considered than the right of the cred-
itors, the intentions of Congress, and the rights
of the State of Texas. Therefore it was that we
did not consider it our duty to enforce the for-
feiture on the non-appearing creditors, but rather
to give them a little further time. It is like for-
feiting a man[s right by his not complying tech-
nically, and nicely, and perfectly with a condition
as to time. We know that equity does not do
that in individual contracts. We consider it as
belonging rttther to the formal than the substan-
tia] part of the transaction. We would sooner
disregard the formal than the substantial purpose
of this convention; and we thought we did so in
giving further time.
Sir,.it seemed tome then, and it does now,that
the Secretary of the Treasury performed his duty
perfectly. There was a question before him to
decide—a question which the law had leftopen to
construction, and here was Congress in session.
Wfts there anything improper in his giving the
parties wlp.did present themselves their ratable 'j
propotttorrs'jand referring it to the discretion and ff
construction of .Congress whefher th>'y were
entitled to more than that, or whether the balance
should be held for the satisfaction of other claim-
ants who were lenown to exist? That was the
question before the committee. That is the only
question before the Senate. A very nice and
technical construction of one part of the act would
seem to entitle the presenting creditors to the
whole sum, provided it should not exceed the
'' amount of their individual claims', but when
ratable amount. They were the creditors of the
State of Texas; their demand was upon her. The
United States is an intervening party by virtue
of a compact and arrangement in which mutual
interests were supposed to be concerned, and in .9
which mutual and substantial purposes were in- f
tended to be accomplished; and they ought to be
regarded and considered, I think, m the consid-
eration of this question. I have occupied more
time than I intended, sir.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, this subject is
not new to us. I recollect very well how these
6Iltir6 ftinuauu v* V AW .   
you look to the other purposes and provisions of
the act. you are then to considcrwliBthcr, t&King
ij P=™he
• • _      i nlaimci Kl
and requiring parties to present their claims by
a certain day, or be barred.
This was the view we took at the last session;
and I have seen nothing, nor have I heard any
thing, which is calculated to change this opinion.
What injustice do we do ? We do great injustice
by withholding their share from somo claimants,
more meritorious than others probably, for this
loss will fall on the helpless—on women, on chil-
dren, on persons under some distress—on per-
sons under some disability from accident, or age,
or misfortune, or calamity of some sort or other.
They have not been able to come forward as dil-
igently as. their nimbler brother creditors could
do. They have not appeared at the day named.
One construction says to them, " On account of
this failure you shall forfeit your whole debt."
The other construction gives them a little more
time, and says, " Come in with your claims ac-
cording to the law; you shall have six months
more, or you shall have twelve months more—
come in." And then you say to the creditors
who presented themselves more punctually, " If
these people do not come forward after opportu-
nity on opportunity has been given them, then
you may have the balance." In any event, it is
postponing for a little time that which the pre-
senting creditors claim to be entitled to. The
other construction forfeits and extinguishes for-
ever, so far as this Government and this fund is
concerned, the claims of those who have been
unfortunate enough, or negligent enough, not to
present their claims within the time at first ap-
pointed.
This, I think, sir, is a fair view of the subject.
I would rather go for the equity of the case, as it
regards the whole fund and the whole subject,
than for the strict, formal, nice construction,
which would give to a part of the creditors the
whole sum. We stand in the relation of trustees.
What was our bargain? There was a debt of
$10,000,000; we agreed to give $7,750,000, if the
creditors would take that sum in satisfaction of
the whole debt. This,upon its face, rids Texas
of the whole debt, and satisfies all her outstanding
creditors, who were else in but a hopeless condi-
tion, to a great extent of their whole debt. These
are thegreat purposes and objects of the law. You
do not accomplish them, however, by excluding
those who do not at once present their claims;
for the outstanding creditor unprovided for may
go to Texas, and his demand is a legitimate and
lawful one, which in justice and good faith she
is bound fully to satisfy and pay. Her assent
was required, and she said to us: "I will
agree to your law on condition that my debt of
$10,078,000 shall be satisfied by the application
jj of the §7,750,000; I am to be exonerated; my
j! creditors are to consider whether they will take
i[ $7,750,000 for the nominal sum of §10,078,000
j which 1 owe them."
| This is the substance of the contract; and if
! we cannot fulfill it to the letter, we ought to ap-
| proximate to a complete fulfillment of it, accord- j
I mg to its purposes, as nearly as we can. To |
| take advantage of the first day appointed for the |
! appearance of the creditors to receive their dues ;
i at the national Treasury, and say all others shall *
; forfeit their claims, is not the way to relieve .'I
1 Texas according to the purpose of this contract;!(
nnr If iratr tn flACAmnlloK ifo nni-nAoa us-xtC
succeeded in somo way in obtaining an appropria-
tion of §7,750,000—for what purpose; It was
appropriated, as I have always understood, so
that the United States might buy their peace.
They could not buy their peace on the terms
prescribed by the gentleman from Louisiana. If
we were to say that this class of creditors exclu-
sively shall come in and take the fund to the ex-
clusion of another class of creditors, who, upon
an assumption — and not onl)g*aii assumption,
but a positive statement—had existing claims,
would it not defeat the whole object of the act
itself? It was assumed that none of them could
have full payment; but yet, according to the
proposition of the honorable Senator from Lou-
isiana, some would have not only full payment,
but more. They have expended twelve and a
half cents on the dollar,and we have paid to them
seventy-two or seventy-six cents, and they will
not he contented with that. According to the
proposition here maintained, they may have one
hundred and twenty per cent.
As I have said, it was always understood that
this fund was set apart for the paymentof all the
creditors; and to relieve ourselves from any ob-
ligation to Texas, itwas assumed that §7,750,000
should be taken as the means of satisfying all this
class of cases. Let me suppose — it is a mere
aibitrary assumption—that one hundred persons
were estimated to be entitled to a portion of this
fund. Fifty of them have come in, and have
filed their releases. If the hundred were to come
in, there would he about seventy-two cents on
the dollar for them; but if fifty only should come
in, there would be more than a dollar for each.
The money was awarded to these persons ex-
pressly on the ground that they were entitled to
no more than seventy-two cents on the dollar,
supposing that the other creditors had equal jus-
tice; and whether the other creditors come in here-
after, or not, I think these gentlemen ought to be
satisfied with the seventy-two cents on the dollar
they have received. As they arc strict, as they
wish to construe this bond strictly, let them have
the bond; but I would tie them down to their
releases, and if they were signed, I would go to
the old technical principles of the common law,
and say, it is a bar; if you are requiring us to pay
you, we will make you stand to your releases. I
think they ought to be satisfied with thai.
Now, who are the outstanding creditors? I
do not know who they are. All I know is, that
the persons who have been paid, ha\e rccened
as much as was contemplated by the law, and
the estimate of the Secretary of the Tivasui y;
they have got what they were entitled m, on the
assumption that there were other persons > qually
entitled to come in for the distribution of this
fund. If we take tins from Texns, do we not
interfere with the policy which we have hereto-
fore had? We did not treat with tin- creditor* as
distinct parties. We treated with Ti x.is; and to
relieve ourselves from any obligation to Texas
we entered into this arrang"meiit\ 1 say to thoso
gentlemen who come in now, ehuiionn:,'with im-
patience to get money to which they «•<re not
entitled, that if there are no creditors outstand-
ing at all. f would hold them down to their re-
leases. That is my opinion on the subject.
Mr. SEWARD.' I have a few wordhio « y on
this subject, chiefly because I am experts! by a
nor is it the way to accomplish its purpose equi- ... ... . ..,  _  
tably as respects the creditors themselves, for i{ class of creditors who have address.-!! me on the
equity will not forfeit a man's claim because he I; subject, to apeak on the other side from thnt on
does not come to the day to recpive it. You must i| which t have made up my mind to vote. 1 have
recollect, too—and perhaps in a case of this sort jj listened to the argument of the honorable Srr.tv
the circumstances entitle it to some consideration [j tor from Louisiana, and of the honorable Senator
—these creditors were not the creditors of the |; from Delaware, Without being satisfied that it is
[ United States, whom you were ordering to make !j necessary even to refer this joint resolution to a
■ tneir appearance at Washington city, to reccive a committee. ! would cheerfully vote for the refer-
