1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
188
ence of the resolution on the suggestion of any
member of the Senate, because it is the natural
and proper course, if it were not for the fact that
the delay which may be incurred by the reference,
may in this case result in the defeat of the meas-
ure itself.
I do not think that this question calls us back
to reconsider'the policy of the Government on
which the legislation that has already passed was
founded. We cannot change what the Govern-
ment has done on previous occasions in assuming
to pay the debts of Texas. We cannot go back to
interfere with or disturb that legislation in any
way, if rights have become vested under it; but I
do not think that this measure proposes any such
thing. All that it proposes, is simply this: Con-
gress passed a law directing the distribution of a
certain fund in a certain way, within a certain
time. The Secretary of the Treasury, upon whom
the execution of this law devolved, has under-
taken to execute it in the way prescribed, and so to
dispose of the fund placed at his disposal, within
the time prescribed by Congress. It turns out,
on his own report to Congress, that he cannot
execute that law according to its purpose, for the j
reason that the time allowed to him is inadequate
—nothing else—and that, if he shall now go on
and execute it without being allowed longer time,
two inconveniences, amounting to injustice, will
happen. In the first place, as it appears, there
is a surplus of the fund yet remaining unappro-
priated, larger than might be expected to remain,
in consequence of a total loss or destruction of
the evidence of debt; therefore, a portion of the
creditors entitled to this distribution will, if it be
completed on the first day of January next, be
excluded from it and lose their share of the fund;
while if a longer time shall be allowed, it may be
resonably expected that they will come m and
present their claims, and entitle themselves to
their share of the distribution. There is reason
to suppose that this class which will thus suffer
by the law being suddenly executed, is quite as
meritorious as the class of claimants tnat have
already presented their claims; that is to say,
the holders of the certificates which have not
been presented are probably the original holders,
or the children or the widows or heirs of the
original holders of the evidences of the debt,
while those who have transferred their debts for
comparatively little or no consideration, have put
them into the hands of brokers who have pre-
sented them without any loss of time.
This inconvenience is one which is to be re-
moved. The other is this: the Secretary of the
Treasury very distinctly says, as I think, or, at
least, very strongly implies, as his understanding
of the resolution passed by Congress at the last
session, that it will be his duty to distribute the
fund among the claimants whose claims are estab-
lished before him, and pay V to the persons who
show themselves entitled,"to the exclusion of that
class of claimants who have presented claims and
have been obliged to go into litigation to establish
their title to them. Now, whether the Secretary
be right or wrong, this is the construction he has
put on the act, and if we do not interpose, we
have reason to expect that the creditors who have
been driven by necessity to litigation to establish
their claims, will be excluded from a participation
in this fnnd, or else be thrown on Congress for
a new appropriation hereafter at the expense of
the Government. Why shall this danger, this
injustice, be incurred? It only results from the
want of time to go through with the litigation.
The period named was fixed arbitrarily. It was
thought by Congress, when it was fixed, that the
time was long enough. It proved to be too short.
This is the long and the short, as it seems to
me, of the whole matter. Now, in order to avoid
any injustice, without going back, reviewing,
altering, or modifying the policy of the arts
which have been brought into question, it ap-
pears to me all we have to do is to extend this
time and so to reduce to as small an amount as
possible the injustice which will have been sus-
tained by the creditors of Texas, or the creditors !
of the United States, when we shall have done !
our best. Against this policy, I know nothing
which can be urged when Toxas herself, the j
original debtor whose debts we assumed to pay '
upon a consideration which we thought sufficient, '
comes in and protests ngainst this sudden execu-'
tion of the judgment, and asks, not for her own
interest, or the advantage of her own treasury,
but for the benefit of her own creditors, the ori-
ginal creditors, that we extend the time as is pro-
posed by the joint resolution before us.
Mr. PEARCE, Mr. President-—
Mr. BENJAMIN, I wish to ask the Senator
from New York a question: What does he pro-
i but also to prove them—something more than th«
I law contemplated—arid they cannot be prowled in
; the manner required by the Department until the
, courts before which those claims are in litigation
| shall decide to whom they rightfully belong.
! Mr. BAYARD. These claims have been
proved, and the releases executed, and the pro
pose to do with that part of the resolution offered |: rata declared on them; but the Secretary has not
by the Senator from Texas, which contemplates paid the amount because there k litigation, not
the repeal of the last clause of the law of last ' as to the validity of the claims, but as ttfthe par-
year? That is the part to which my observation ties authorized to receive the money,
was particularly directed. What is to be done ji Mr. PEARCE. Tt is possible that the Secre-
with the surplus onjhe Jst ofjanuary, 1857? ; tary may have made his calculation; but, at all
~ ~   * li events, the money remains in the Treasury-, and
j! being there, it must be distributed under the act
i of the last session among those who formerly
i; presented their claims, and who have been paid.
I do not think that is right. I do not see any
harm that can arise from repealing that part of
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason.)
The Senator from Maryland is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, when the Sen-
ator from Texas first submitted his resolution, I
was inclined not to favor it; but intimations
which I have received to-day from the Secretary
of the Treasury have very much changed my
opinion. The objects of this resolution, as I
understand, are two: first, the Senator from
Texas desires to extend the time within which
the act which is unexecuted; but I sue a manifest
propriety in it. In my judgment it is unjust thai
those claimants who have brought themselves
within the provisions of the act of Congress W
1855, should now be barred because at the lasfc
claims maybe presented at the Treasury; and, session we thought proper to declare that the
second, he desires to repeal the last clause of the !, moneyremaining undistributed should bedivided
act of the last session, by which the Secretary i! among the creditors
of the Treasury is directed peremptorily to dis- this resolution,
tribute the balance of the §7,750,000 remaining
in the Treasury on the 1st of January next,
among those claimants whose claims have been
presented and allowed, and who have already
received their pro rata.
The act of 1855 barred no other claims than
those which were not presented within the time
I shall, therefore, vote for
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I had not in-
tended to participate at ali in this debate; but
some remarks have fallen from some Senators,
and especially from the honorable Senator from
New York, which seem to me to constitute a
clear misconception of the position occupied by
all the parties to this transaction. In order to
limited by that law; but the act of last session |! understand the subject clearly, it is not necessary
does bar claims which were not barred by the act ;; to go further back than to the appropriation of
§10,000,000 by the Government of the United
of 1855, for the Secretary informs us that $400,000
of these certificates were presented prior to the
13th day of June last, the time limited m his
notice, 6ut were not paid because the right of
property to them was not determined. For the
most part, they were in litigation, and it has
been an invariable usage at the Treasury Depart-
ment not to pay any claims which are in litiga-
tion, but to await the determination of the suit
which shall ascertain who are the parties entitled
to receive the money. These people have clearly
brought themselves within the terms of the act of
1855. They presented their claims in due time.
They have been guilty of no default by which
they should be debarred, and they cannot be
barred under that act, but they will be barred if
we allow the act of the last session to go into
operation, because, after providing that claims
brought in subsequently to the 13th of June
should be allowed their pro rata, it goes on to
declare that the Secretary of the Treasury is
" authorized and required to distribute the resi-
due of the said $7,750,000 then remaining in the-
Treasury" on the lstof January "prorata among
all the said holders who may have proved their
claims and executed the proper releases on or
before the first day of January next."
Mr. BAYARD. Allow me to make a sugges-
tion to the honorable Senator. The claims vhich
it is said are in litigation w ere presented, and the
pro rata was calculated upon those claims when
the certificates were presented, though the money
was not paid; and therefore that portion of the
fund was severed from the rest. Of course the
J: States in 1850, $5,000,000 of which were to b©
paid to Texas, and §5,000,000 to her creditors.
The §5,000,000 going to the creditors remained
1 in the Treasury. From a condition of things
i which existed, Texas could not be discharged
|-| from her liability, nor could the creditors receive
'i the money for a long time.
j Finally, the act of 1855 was passed. It was
known that the debt of Texas was §10,000,000
'! or $12,000,000. Here were $5,000,000 with which
j! to pay it, so far as the Govemmentof the United
j'States was concerned. While this money was
;■ remaining in the Tieasury, Texas had indicated
: still another claim for Indian depredations. The
|. tact of 1855, as passed, finally declared that, iji
l: discharge of these $5,000,000, and in discharge
j; of the Indian claims on the Government of the
ji United States, the Government would pay
$7,750,000 to the creditors of the State of Texas.
'! How? Upon what conditions ? In the first place,
on condition that Texas should assent to the
act; and on the farther condition that the cred;it-
!' ors should assent to the act, and should file their
• claims with the Secretary of the Treasury, with
proper discharges, in a given trme. 1 apprehend
' there will be no dispute that the assent ot Texas,
if given to that act at all, must have been aa
unqualified acceptance of its terms; that is to say:
Texas agreed that tins money should be paid to
such of her creditors as should file their claims
with the Secretary of the Treasury on the day
prescribed, and file a discharge.
Now, how did Texas accept the act? Shd
act of Congress could only apply to unappro- ' gave her acceptance unqualifiedly, as I think; but
priated, undistributed funds in the Treasury. As '     1
I read the law itself, I cannot conceive how a dif-
ferent construction is enter tamable. ;
Mr. PEARCE. The law ought to have been
more cautiously drawn, and there should have
been a provision to that end; but there is no such
provision. All the money not actually paid out
to these creditors is still in the Treasury; and if
it is still in the Treasury, it must, according to
the terms of the act of last session, be distributed
pro rata among those who have already received .
an allowance according to the scale adopted by
the Secretary; so that the whole of the fund will
disappear unless we repeal that provision.
The act of 1855 has been executed in great
part. Those who have brought in their claims,
as provided for by that act, and proved them,
have been allowed, and have received, their pro
rata. Those who presented the suspended claims
to the amount of £400,000 lmig before the 13th ,
of June la«5t, are required by ilv Secretary not
only to present them in the lanjrurge of the law, „
at the same time specified the debts, told who
held them as far as she could, and what tha
amounts were. Here has commenced the error
in this whole transaction. By the terms of the
law of 1S55, the Secretary of the Treasury, in its
execution, before he made any scale of distribur
tion at all, was bound to wait until the time fort
filing claims under the law expired; and when "it
expired he was to distribute the $7,750,000pro rata
among those who had filed releases according to
its terms. But instead of doing that, he made a
pro rata distribution upon the probable amount
of debts exhibited by Texas m her act of accept-
ance.
Now let us see how we stand, lou have no
compulsory power—Texas has no compulsory
power, to compel these creditors to file their
claims within any given time. If a man sees fit
to say, "I will hold my claim against Texa*
until I set ready to present it," he has a right to
do so. "Yon must have his consent. And yet
the Secretary fixes a scale of distriiXition upon
