134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
the amount of the whole debt, which must neces-
sarily retain a surplus in the Treasury unless
every creditor comes in- I say that, in my judg-
ment, he was in error; and I repeat, that either
the Secretary must execute this law upon the
terms of the law itself, and treat the acceptance
of Texas as an unqualified acceptance, or else he
is not authorized to execute it at all.
If Texas did not accept unqualifiedly that law
of Congress, the Secretary could not move under
it. Here is the difficulty. When the time pre-
scribed by the act of 1855, for the presentation
of the claims, expired, a considerable amount of
claims had not been presented. Releases in an-
ticipation had been executed by the creditors who
presented their claims. The time expired; the
law of Congress executed itself by the agency of
the Secretary; and there was a surplus in the
Treasury. Under that condition of things an
extension of time was aslted. It struck me then,
(though 1 advanced the opinion with very great
diffidence, because able and intelligent men dis-
agreed with me,) and it strikes me now, that if
the Government of the United States moved at
all from the terms of the act of 1855, she was in
great dange/ of assuming to pay herself the entire
ten or twelve millions of dollars of the debt of
Texas. That is the only feeling I have ever had
in the matter. I thought the United States made
a fair contract with Texas, and with the creditors
of Texas, when they agreed to pay §7,750,000
on the terms prescribed. The three parties en-
gaged in this transaction gave their assent to that
arrangement—not to any other. If the Govern-
ment of the United States, being one of the par-
ties, proceeds to change the arrangement without
the consent of the other two parties, does she
not assume all the responsibilities flowing'from
that act? It seems to me she does, and that
she will be bound to pay the remainder of the
debt.
It is said by the honorable Senator from New
York that the State of Texas comes here, and
protests against the execution of this law. Sir,
the State of Texas has no more right to protest
against the execution of this law than the cred-
itors or the Government of the United States
have a right to protest against it. They all agreed
to it—the United States, the creditors, and the
State of Texas—and they are bound by the
agreement. 1 took the ground, when the reso-
lution of the last session was under the consid-
eration of the Finance Committee, and I am
equally clear now—but, as I say again, I present
these opinions with great diffidence and defer-
ence—that, so far as you undertake to change the
agreement of 1855, you must have the consent of
the creditors and of Texas to any material and
essential variation of it, unless you intend to
assume liabilities which were not assumed by
that act.
Now, what is the proposition ? It is said (ho
Secretary of the Treasury gives a construction
to the resolution of last session which will make
it his duty, in his opinion, to pay the money
which belongs to the creditors who have filed
releases to the amount of $400,000, under the act
of 1855. I confess that it seems to me that is a
construction of the act of the last session which
ought not to be tolerated at all. The act of 1855
did not define the manner in which this adjust-
ment should be made. While I think the Secre-
tary of the Treasury extended his powers under
it, m laying down and prescribing rules, I am
sure he cannot lay down rules which deprive
creditors who file their claims of the amount due
to them. It must bo an act of Congress which
does that, if it can be done at all.
Now, what is the act of last session, or that
part or it to which the Secretary refers > I will
read only the last part of it. The act, in the first
place, recites what has been done, and then says:
"therefore, in order to do full iustice to tho
said debt, the Secretary of the tSu^ S teeby author
wed to pay to the holders of any of the said bonds certifi
df/of7,me hntC6S h°f debt'"0t presente<1 before the 13th
fhf nL, ' who may Present and prove the same at
w partment between the 13th dav of limp
last and tjic 1st day of January next, and execute the oronpr
TJnder that act the Secretary decides, as I un-
derstand his communication, that if A presented
a claim, and executed a proper release, and B pre-
sented a counter-claim to it, that class of claims
is in such a condition, under this act, that they
cannot be paid at all, but the money thus due pre
rata upon this class must be paid to those claim-
ants whose claims are not disputed at all! I must
say that that is a construction of the act of last
session which seems to me not to be tolerated for
a moment under its terms.
But, sir, what was the object of that law ? Let
me call the attention of the Senate, for a moment,
to what was the clear object of that law. It
was enacted for the reason to which I alluded a
few moments ago, that there was no power in
Texas or the General Government to compel
holders of this paper to come in and file it, and
claim under this law. The only thing these two
Governments could do, therefore, was to fix a
limitation, and to say, " If you do not come in
by this reasonable day, the money will be dis-
tributed among those who do come in." That
was the law of 1855, and that is the law of the last
session, by any terms of construction that either
of the acts is entitled to or capable of.
Now, suppose we pass this resolution; how
shall we stand ? Shalt we have advanced a single
step? We do not know what construction may
be given to this resolution by the officer who is to
execute it. But can we compel anybody to file a
claim by January, 1858? What is the statement
of the honorable Senators from Texas and New
York? It is, that there are some parties who
have it not in their power to file a claim; that there :
are children under age, and others who from dis-
ability or some other cause are not able to file a
claim. Will that disability be removed by Jan-
uary, 1858? Has the Senate any assurance of
it ? Shall we not find ourselves in the same posi-
tion then that we are now? If the Senate—and,
as I said before, this is all the solicitude I hare on
the subject—desire to assume the responsibility
of changing the liability of the Government of
the United States, under the §7,750,000 act of
1855, let us set about it in the right way; let us
refer this subject to some committee which shall
report back a resolution or a bill defining who
may present claims, and what shall be a sufficient
discharge of them. Let us make a provision for
those under age, and for persons non compos, and
others, if any there be. Simply to pass this act
extending the time, and repealing a clause right
in itself, but misconstrued at the Treasury, will
not advance us a step. We find that the act of
1855 was misconstrued at the Treasury Depart-
ment; the act of 1856 is misconstrued there; and
the act of to-day, if one should pass, may be mis-.
construed there. I, of course, must be under-
stood, as the honorable Senator from Delaware '
was, as imputing no improper motives to that ji various gentlemen on this question, are all essen
seventy-six cents on the dollar, or any other dis-
count. ' Such a case was stated to me; and cases
of that nature are as likely to exist as the case
alluded to by the honorable Senator from New
YoVk, which doubtless does exist. The Senator
from Texas says he knows of the existence of
some other cases. He is undoubtedly correct.
But the point to which I call the attention of
the Senate is this: let us proceed so as to effect
a settlement of this transaction, and so as not to
compel us in the future to pay "any more money
on account of it. That is an important consid-
eration. If we now disregard the rights of cred-
itors, and undertake to hold them to terms differ-
ent from those to which they assented, what will
be our responsibilities to those creditors ? If we
undertake to disregard the assent of Texas, what
will be our liabilities to Texas? Who knows
how the fashions may change ? It has been said
that that which is loyalty to-day, to-morrow
may bring us to the halter. Administrations
may change in Texas; and they may come up
in the future andsay,"Although aformer Admin-
istration protested against a certain act, that is,
the act to which we gave our assent, we never
gave assent in our legislative capacity to any
other; and, if the Government of the United
States has undertaken to change it, they have
changed it on their own responsibility, and with-
out our assent."
I feel, with the honorable Senators from Ken-
tucky and Texas, a disposition to do justice to
the State of Texas, and to the creditors of that
State, to the amount of this fund, so far as we
can; but I feel an utter repugnance to moving-
in legislation which shall involve us in three or
four or more millions of dollars out of this saere
transaction with which I had a good deal to do
at the time, and which, according to my judg-
ment at that time, and now, was a fair ami
liberal settlement with the State. I participate
in the feelings of the honorable Senator from
Texas. They are honorable to him as a repre-
sentative of his commonwealth. I 'participate
also in the feelings of those claimants, whoever
they may be, who cannot, under the regulations
of the Secretary of the Treasury, file their claims
under either of those acts, and get their allow-
ance. I disagree, with all respect, from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury as to the construction he
has given; and I am willing to proceed to declare
our construction of the act of the last session. I
am not disinclined to the proposed amendments;
but I ask the Senate to proceed with amendments
which shall be effective in themselves to bring
about the object intended, and which shall secure
this Government from any liability beyond that
already assumed.
Mr. COLLAMER. It appears to me that the
differences of opinion which are manifested by
resoec't f^him^n T dn T? entertail.)s^ 'liShur '! tiaII7 based upon "the consIrurt'ion'oT'the's'tami'e
JCBpect foi him than Ido, but error is incident to <i of ltoj. Many of the remarks which various
|! Senators have made are predicated on tit*•
j!-sumpUon that the statute of 1855 means a «
the mind and action of every man and every de-
partment of Government.
What, then, I ask the Senate, will be the
advance which we shall have made in causing
these claims to be filed, by extending the time a
year longer? It was said, as a reason addressed to
us at the last session of Congress, that there were '
claims actually filed on the succeeding day to the I
! one prescribed by the act; that the very next day
J claimants came in and filed their claims, and were I
j cut off by the limitation of time. For want of I
I notice, some men sot there twenty-four hours I
^ Presentcd a strong case. Congress
yielded to it, passed the law of the last session 1
and extended the time from June to January' ii
Notice was published to the world for three
months that claims must be filed by the 1st of
June last, and further notice has been published
to the world that claims must be filed by the 1st
of January next, and still they are not in. I
have heard from authority to which I sire en di • '
and I think it is entitled to it, that there is at -
least one individual residing in England who re-
fuses to fi e las Clalm at all. He say.,, ■< It is mUle,
ana I will hold it, and neither the United States
nor Texas has a right to eay to me that I shall
file a claim against the State of Texas by a par-
iV T °r}'%i°.TCVCr i,a™d from recovering
it, I choose to hold it as an investment: 1 paid its
j full value, or I lent the money; it is R
' TOP>nt rm  .it i '
ment on interest, and I "do" not "nee 'take
.    rt,uu
tiling. If it be taken to mean that, the ic.-ults
ji which they deduce naturally flow from if. On
i| the other side, however, it is ineist.-d that that is
,j not the meaning of the statute,and thnt.iherefere,
I the conclusions do not follow. We must all rome
j back, then, to the construction of the staiiKe of
1855. What was the condition of thires under
i which that, law was enacted :
| The United States acknowledged tin ms- Ives to
be indebted to the State of Texas to the amount
! of go,000,000. That sum had be,.), reserved to-
wards paying a certain port!,ui'.f tin- d. bt of the
j; late Kepubhc of Texus. The T'nued Sians.in
. the agreement made with Texas in l.-\.(i, resent d
;;that amount of money to pay r >-r( (litoisi.
I I'nta'ly Jie ;u't of w;i; pfmhlm^for
the distribuimn of that ltmin v Mw'.h lh- a.-. ™ d
int/T"st ..>>d a premium. Texas aitn.'d w ihe
, (frms of that act. Xow, what *rr i|,,. i, tm  of
•*•'<J ft am Hints to this: Texas .a!(J. " We
are willing that this money shall be paid for our
provided we are discharged Irom them. "
Ihe Government of the United Stales said, " We
• are wiliifijr to pay this amount in satisfaction „f
, these debts, provided Texas m„i the i;m: d
• biases nr.. both discharged.'* The rr. diK.rs had
' "0!llir>S ™ with that arrangement. Thesr iwo
Uorermnents, by common content, m.tiie thai
' arrangement. 'Ihe Government of the United
