1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
States acknowledged itself to be a trustee holding
a certain amount of money for. the purpose of
paying those debts of Texas, but before paying
them required a full release.
In looking at the statute of 1855, it certainly
does not become us to give it a strictly legal and
technical construction. I am well aware that in
law, strictly speaking, a non-compliance with a
condition subsequent may work a forfeiture, but
in equity it never does. In equity, nothing short
of a non-compliance with some condition pre-
cedent can work a forfeiture. That condition
may consist of time. If a man does not perform
the conditions precedent to his claim by the time
stated, it may be material in equity; but that
always resolves itself into the question, is time
material to the contract? is it of the essence of the
contract? A chancellor always looks into that.
He considers the question whether time was at
all material to the creation of the liability.
There is another rule of equity to which I will
allude, as I think that on a question of this kind
we should guide ourselves by the principles of
enlightened equity, ratified by the intelligence of
the world. The rule to which I now allude is
also a principle of law—that whatever is capable
of being made certain is certain. Now, with the
light of these two rules, let us read the first sec-
tion of the act of 1855; it provides that in lieu of
the sum of $5,000,000, payable to the State of
Texas by the act of September 9, 1850,
" The Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
and directed to pay to the creditors of the late Republic ot
Texas, who hold such bonds, or other evidence of debt,
foi which the revenues of that Republic were pledged, as
were reported to be within the provisions of the said act of
September 9,1850, by the report of the late Secretary of
the Treasury to the President of the United Btfites, and
approved by him on the 13th day of September, 18.")i, or
which come withir the provision* of said act according to
the opinion, upon the Texas compact,,of the present Attor-
ney General of the United State-;, addressed to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, under date of September 26, 1853,
the sum ot $7,750,0U0, to be apportioned among the said
holders pro rata."
This act declares the trust, declares the in-
debtedness, and fixes all the elements by which
the amount was capable of being made perfectly
ccrtain. The sum of §7,750,000 was to be paid,
to whom ? To the holders of the certificates of
certain stock identified in certain reports which
were named. By referring to these reports, wo
ascertain the sum provided for. I understand
that it was something over $10,000,000. The
amount makes no matter; the point is, that it was
a sum capable ofbeing reduced to certainty—it was
in fact a sum ascertained. Seven million seven
hundred and fifty thousand dollars was to be ap-
portioned to the holders of that stock. It was
equivalent to saying, " there is hereby acknowl-
edged to be due from the United States, through
Texas, to her creditors, $7,750,000;" or, in other
words, seventy-six per cent, upon the amount of
their claims. We said; "We hold in trust for
each and every of these creditors, seventy-six
percent, on their stock." All the subsequent
provisions of this act are conditions subsequent,
and the non-performance of them works no for-'
fciture. If the provisions afterwards mentioned
were material to create the indebtedness, they
would be conditions precedent, but they are not
at all material to the creation of the debt; they
only relate to the mode of claiming it; to the
manner and the time of presenting claims.
I take it that in such a case as this we are to
deal out equity according to its true principles.
Now, how can any man say that he is to snatch
at the non-performance of a condition subsequent
so as to work a forfeiture? It seems to me that
it is utterly unreasonable. What I have already
said, I think, shows another thing with clear-
ness; and that is, that there is nothing in this act
which implied that the United States were to pay
the §7,750,000 to any particular part of the cred-
itors, but each and every part of the §7,750,000
was due pro rata to each and every one of the
holders of these claims.
I have presented these views because the.y press
upon my mind, though I do not know that they
will have any weight with the Senate. I must
utterly disagree with many of the constructions
which have been urged here to-day. If what
I have said be true, as I believe it to be in fact
and law, what would be the effect on those peo-
ple who never presented any claims: Would it
be 0'iie that because they did not ptesen! tluir
claims and comply with these conditions sub-
sequent, they lost anything? Not at all. They
may have had a good and sufficient reason for
not presenting their claims. They may have
believed that Texas was perfectly able to pay
her debts, as she undoubtedly is, and perfectly
willing to do so, and that she would ultimately
do so if payment- were insisted upoia. A man
might very well say: "I will not present my
claim and take seventy-six per cent.; the United
States are good and Texas is good, and I shall do
nothing of that kind; but after a while I will pre-
sent my claim to Texas, and she will settle and
pay it nobly." She may try to get the creditors
off by saying that they ought to have gone to the
United States; but, after a)!, the debt is hers, and
her creditors can reply that it was no condition
to the debt, when incurred, that they should look
to the United States for payment. If Texas
should say to the creditors, " you ought to have
gone to the United States,"they would ask in re-
sponse, " did I ever make such an agreement with
you?" She would be forced to say, "not at all."
She might tell them that they ought to have taken
the seventy-six per cent.; but, on being ques-
tioned, she would be forced to acknowledge that
her creditors never agreed to submit to any dis-
count. Finally, perhaps, Texas would feel her-
self obliged to pay the money. What would be
the effect of that? By another well-known prin-
ciple of equity, she would be subrogated to the
rights of those creditors. Texas, after paying
the debt, could very properly come to the United
States, and say, " let us now have that part of
the seventy-six per cent, fund which we paid,
which the holders would not present to you; we
have paid them, and being discharged we have
released the United States, and we want from the
United States that creditor's part of that money
which was never called for." I say that Texas,
according to the well-known doctrine of subro-
gation, would have a perfect right to that part of
the fund.
I think the notion of taking one man's money,
and giving it to another man because the first
man does not happen to assert his right to it in
time, is totally unfounded. Perhaps, in this
respect, I am finding fault with myself; but really
I think it shameful that I should ever have voted
for a law which gave foundation for the construc-
tion that money could be distributed to other
people than those entitled to it. I cannot watch,
and be familiar with everything that comes up
here; but if I voted for that measure last session,
I think it shameful. Probably I voted for it,
though I do not remember anything about it. It
is very likely that 1 followed the report of some
committee. Certain it is that, if there be any-
thing of that kind in the law of the last session,
it is in violation of the first principles of common
justice.
These are my views. They lie in a short
compass, but they are to me quite palpable.
Whether 1 have made them so to others, I cannot
undertake to say.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I will en-
deavor, as briefly as I can, to give my views of
the construction of this law upon Us language,
as I differ from the honorable Senator who has
just addressed the body. I do not consider that
there is any question of forfeiture here, or any
question of subrogation. The law relating to
either has no application to the case at all. I will
endeavor to read the act according to my con-
struction; and that shall not be by taking a single
section, but taking the whole statute, in order to
ascertain the intent of the Legislature, which I
presume is to control in all such cases. Whether
an idea is expressed in one seetion or another,
if the sections relate to the same subject, whether
connected by proviso or not, the intent of the
Legislature must be drawn from the language
of the whole law, according to all rules of con-
struction.
Now, sir, what is the state of facts upon which
this law was passed ? The United States and the
State of Texas alone are parties to the law. The
United States passed the law dealing with a fund
in their hands, and the State of 'Jexas was to
give her assent to that law. She cannot aiter it;
she cannot add conditions to it. It must be the
law as passed by the United States, assented to
by the State of Texas; and then what docs? it
amount to : It was* their proposition of compro-
mise to the creditors of Texas who were claim-
ing from the United States as well as from Texas
certain debts. What is the language of the prop-
osition of compromise? Taking the principle
that what may be rendered certain is certain, the
construction of th£ honorable Senator from Ver-
mont is, that the in tent of the language of the first
section of this act to which alone he referred, was
to embrace within it the amount which was
specified in the'reports of the Attorney General
and the Secretary of the Treasury. The cred-
itors are there enumerated; and an amount is
suited; and therefore, he says, the amount of
§7,750,000 was to be distributed according to
those reports. I do not so read the law.
I will advert to some of the language of the law
which the honorable Senator did not read. I
understand it to be a proposition, made by the
Government of the United States with the consent
of the State of Texas, tendering to the creditors
of Texas §7,750,000, to be divided among such of
them as chose to come in and accept the terms
of that law, whether the proportion of each was
more or less. The amount which each creditor
was to receive was uncertain; it was not capable
of calculation then. It was to be ascertained ac-
cording to the terms of this law. If that be not
the construction, and it was a thing certain,
dependent on a simple calculation, why did not
the first section of the law say at once that the
payment should be made in discharge of the esti-
mated amount of debts comprised in the reports
of the officers specified in the act? If that had
been done, the amount would have been fixed;
the Government would have declared, " We will
pay seventy-four, seventy-five, seventy-six, or
seventy-seven per cent, on those debts.
But that is not the language of the law. The
language is this: the Secretary of the Treasury
" is authorized and directed to pay to the credit-
ors of the late Republic of Texas who hold such
bonds or other evidences of debt, for which the
revenues of that Republic were pledged, as were
reported to be within the provisions of the act of
September 9, 1850." " Who hold," is the lan-
guage. Suppose you were dealing with the case
which is common in courts of equity—that of
outstanding holders of bank notes. When you
describe, not the certificates, but those who hold
the certificates, I ask do you not look to uncer-
tainty? You speak of the holders; and coupled
with that is a subsequent provision of the law,
that the holders shall come in by a certain day,
and you say that no man who does not present
his certificate before that day shall be entitled to
payment. The language of the first section is,
that we offer to distribute a given fund among
such creditors of the Republic of Texas as hold
certificates and other evidences of debt, who shall
come in within thirty days after the ninety days'
notice given of the time of payment, and prove
their claims, and release the United States and
the State of Texas.
W as not that the proposition? Is not that the
construction of the law, taking all its sections
into consideration ? The first seetion clearly does
not look to certainty. It does not speak of the
creditors of Texas, but of those whottre holders
of certificates. Let me suppose that $300,000 of
the Treasury notes of Texas were known to be
lost or destroyed, or not in existence, I ask, is
the United States to retain that money? The
intention of the law is clear against that. Then
is Texas entitled to retain that for which she
never paid and never will pay? The fourth
section provides that, before payment shall be
made, the Secretary of the Treasury shall give
notice by advertisement for ninety days; and the
third section, that no payment shall be made to
any holder of certificates or securities, unless
the holder shall execute to the United States a
receipt, and forever release ail claim. Then, is
not the intent of the whole law taken together,
precisely as if it had been enunciated in the first
section, to such of the creditors of Texas as
will within ninety days present their certificates,
and release the United States and Texas, for
whatever dividend they may be entitled to out
of the fund of $7,750,000,-hereby appropriated,
we offer to distribute pro rata thatamountr JLne
argument that they might get more than their
debt cannot hold. All Governments deal with
such questions in this mode. When you have
lar«-e classes of creditors outstanding yon always
