188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
Mr. CRAWFORD. I should prefer to go on
with what I have to say at this time. I rise for
the purpose of making a reply to the speech of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Nichols,] who
has just taken his seat; and I understand it is
the purpose of the gentleman from Alabama,to
discuss the foreign policy of the country as con-
nected with Central America.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Giddings
in the chair.) The present occupant of the chair
recollects distinctly there was an understanding
that the gentleman from Alabama should have an
opportunity to discuss the President's message
to-day. The gentleman from Georgia has the
floor however. If he yields, the gentleman from
Alabama can proceed with his remarks.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I am willing to yield the
floor to the gentleman from Alabama, provided I
do not lose my right to follow him.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to any
such arrangement.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Georgia is unquestionably entitled to the
floor under the rules; and the arrangement he
suggests can be made only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope there will
be no objection to the arrangement proposed by
the gentleman from Georgia. I should like to
have this question finally disposed of to-day.
" Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Then I will proceed with
what I have to say. I did not intend, when I
came here this morning, to make a speech on
this question.
Mr. WALKER. Dot understand the Chair
to assign the floor to the gentleman from Geor-
gia?
The SPEAKER. The Chairassigned the floor
to the gentleman from Georgia. He was under
the impression that the gentleman from Alabama
did not desire to address the House at this time.
Mr. WALKER, I do not wish to have any
conflict concerning my right to the floor; but the
understanding last week was that I should have
the floor for this day.
Mr. CRAWFORD then proceeded with his
remarks, occupying his hour. His speech will
be published in the Appendix.
Mr. WALKER obtained the floor.
Air. A. K. MARSHALL. With the consent
of the gentleman, I will move that the House
adjourn. [Cries of "No, no!" "Goon!"]
Mr. WALKER. In reference to the remark
of the gentleman from Kentucky, I have this to
say; so far as I am personally concerned, I should
prefer that the House should adjourn. I desired
to address the House at an earlier hour, but 1 am
too much indisposed to go on now. If it be the
disposition of the House to adjourn, I will yield
for that purpose.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I will simply
remark that I made the motion to adjourn on
account of the indisposition of the gentleman
from Alabama to go on with his speech at this
time. The House is well aware that there was
an understanding that he should speak earlier in
the day. But the gentleman having been dis-
appointed m getting the floor, and being now too
much indisposed to ^o on, I hope the House wiU,
out of courtesy to htm, adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have some
remarks which I should like to submit at this
time upon the question which has for arome days
been under discussion, if the gentleman from
Alabama does not desire to speak to-day. I hope
it may be the understanding that the gentleman
from Alabama shall be entitled to the floor in the
morning.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That will be the
understanding, unless objection be made.
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. Then I insist upon
my motion to adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, I hope the gen-
tleman from Kentucky will withdraw his motion.
Let us proceed to other business.
Mi. A. K. MARSHALL. I do not withdraw
the motion.
Mr. STEPHENS. I call for tellers on the
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Tail and
L.haffee were appointed.
question wa-? taken; nnd the tellers re-
ported—ayes fifty-nine; a negative count not
being had.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. WALKER. I yield my right to the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The question in
issue between the Democratic party of the country
and the abolitionized wing of the Know Nothing
party, under the name of Black Republicans, in
the late presidential contest, was as to the power
of this Government, and its exercise over the
Territories of the. United States. This has been
the question between the northern portion of the
Confederacy and the Democratic party from the
organization of this Government down to the
present time. And, sir, while this question has
frequently been before Congress,, it has never
been here but it has caused agitation and excite-
ment throughout the country.
There have been what are called compromises;
the two most memorable of which were passed
in 1830 and 1850. But, Mr. Speaker, there has
never been a compromise between the Democratic
party and your party — the anti-slavery men of
the North. Whatever of compromise and con-
cession has been had upon this question has
been on the part of the Democratic party, to get
on to some ground upon which we, the constitu-
tional party, could agree to administer the Gov-
ernment. The two parties in the late canvass
were at direct issue upon this question. The
Republican party laid it down as their funda-
mental creed on this subject, that " the Consti-
tution confers upon Congress sovereign power
over the Territories of the"United States for their
government; and that, in the exercise of this
power, it is both the right and the duty of Con-
gress to prohibit, in the Territories, those twin
relics of barbarism, polygamy and slavery."
Where, sir, I would ask, is the sovereign power
to be found in the Constitution of the United
States ? 1 deny its existence. It cannot be found
in that clause which provides that—
" Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all
needful rales and regulations respecting the territory or
other property belonging to the United States; and nothing
m this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice
any claims of the United States, oi of any particular
State."
It is unnecessary to go into an argument to
show that in this connection territory is but a
synonymous term for land; that this clause con-
fers on Congress the power to make all needful
rules and regulations concerning the public land
of the Government. I hold that under that clause
Congress has the same power to dispose of and
make all needful rules and regulations respecting
the public land within a State that it has within
a Territory. And whether in a State or in a
Territory, when the Government sells land and !
vests the title in the purchaser, Congress executes '
all the power it has under that clause of the Con- |
stitution. It has no more power to make rules j
and regulations respecting that land. Where,
then, does Congress get the power to erect terri- i
tonal governmentsI, for one, believe that there !i
is no express power delegated to Congress to i1
form territorial governments; but the Government '
owning a Territory—a large extent of country— '
With *>«  ' '
the
the rules under which that country may be settled.
and afterwards provides for the sale of the lands
ihen, sir, m accordance, I think, with the great
principles of our Government, preserved and
carried out in all our constitutions, this law of
Congress, called the organic law of the Territory
derives its vitality from the implied assent of the
freemen who settled the Territory. The people
who settle the Territory, under the rules and I
regulations of Congress, are the source of its 1
vitality. Suppose, when the organic law of the :
lerntory is passed, no one goes there to Settle1! T1l; n° 'fv shall be iiit..rf<.nnc'w.<ntl,-"primary
because of the repugnance of its provisions: what ' „ Ei iV"',1 ^•*ha" ,l"
then becomes of your power? ,1 fttati's; imr mail tlie Umw m uiin-r
I hold, Mr. Speaker, that in our Government,
■" all its ramifications of State and Federal
power is originally in the people; that
L\P1-Tit10l.^„St.a^.C,an,do everything through
as they call themselves—to point out where they
find the sovereign power which they claim for
Congress over the Territories. What kind of
doctrine is it ? It is pure and unadulterated des-
Eotism. It is a power identical with that claimed
y the British Government over these colonies
prior to the declaration of independence. The
Republican party hold that Congress has sov-
ereign power for the government of the Territo-
ries. The British Government claimed sovereign
power to bind these colonies in all things and re-
spects whatsoever. That claim of Great Britain
called our fathers to assert their rights in 177G;
and when the struggle was over, they framed this
Government, the blessings of which we now en-
joy. Such is the claim of the Republican party.
I think the position of the Democratic party is
equally clear and much more consistent with the
great principles of freedom and republicanism,
than the despotic doctrines of the self-styled Re-
publican party. What is a republic? It is, as
1 understand it, that governmentwhich embodies
the public sentiment, and executes the public will.
Yet the Republican party, under the false cry of
liberty and freedom, claim the right for Congress
to govern the citizens of the Territories in all re-
spects whatever, without their consent.
But, sir, I said that I believed the position of
the Democratic party in the late contest, and at
the present time, was equally clear with that of
your own. And I will go, not to the Cincinnati
platform, but to the Kansas-Nebraska act itself, to
see what those principles are, and wherein those
of us, who belong to the Democratic party, dis-
agree. The nineteenth section of the act organ-
izing the Territory of Kansas, after having pre- 
scribed the boundaries of what is to be the Terri-
tory of Kansas, provides as follows:
" When admitted as a State or States, the said Terri-
tory, or any portion of the same, shall be received into the
Union with or without slavery, as their constitution may
prescribe at the time of their admission."
Now, is there any doubt, is there any uncer-
tainty, or any vagueness whatever, in that pro-
vision of the Kansas bill ? It is clear and explicit;
and I take it for granted, and so state upon this
floor, that there is not a member of the Demo-
cratic party here, nor one here who has acted
with that party in the late contest, who does
not unequivocally subscribe to that provision in
the Kansas act, and who does not stand ready,
whether he be from the North or the South, to vote
for the admission of Kansas as a State into the
Union, with her constitution as the people there,
the bona fide residents and voters of that Terri-
tory, shall make it, whether it tolerates or pro-
hibits slavery. Then, if I am right in that posi-
tion, there is no discordancy or jarring in the
Democratic party, in reference to that great first
principle of the Kansas act.
How is it with you, Mr. Speaker, and your
party, calling yourselves Republicans? Will
you, or is there a man of your party in this Hall,
who will vote to admit Kansas as a State into
this Union if she comes here and asks admission
with a constitution fairly made, reflecting and
embodying the will of the people of that Tem-
tory, if it should tolerate and sanction the insti-
tution of African slavery? I take it there is not
one. You would trample under foot every prin-
ciple of republicanism and the Constitution itself,
and reject her because her people had embodied
their will and wishes into the constitution of the
State.
Well, sir, let us look at another provision of
that Kansas act. In the twenty-fourth section it
is provided,
./,"Jh?tiH1<-e,Iegl?Iat,vc P0"-" of Ih" T' mW" -ha" "itfnd
to all rightful subjects oi ie^iation conMMt-iti hj i iti*
Coii&Muuou of tii.- United and the prr.viM.m- «i this
am; but no law shall bo jmsk ■
  ..Ml rluvii u,e Ultih it! (JHJPr
nih^L UJtcd '"8hi;r tin lands, or
other property of residents."
,,, < '  v-Tu>criiiueui, ■ ««•'r property
tdirei? in ail ifs ramifications of State and Fprlm-J I t.t ,
relation, power is oris-inalli/ in thn a!. I e T0.'1 ^ave a recognition of the !. gislaiive
    . power ot the people of tluu Territory. To what
their Legislature which is" not pro'wbited'bv'lts I ? .Toall rightful una (".fir station,
constitution or the Constitution of the uH 'f W th'Tthat Congress
Q*-'~ - U!htea ,| tas 'he power to legislate upon it, itml should
: prohibit it. It is an act of legisififimi, we ail
; f, i at.8<"ne time or other, by the people of
I't I ■\eiTiMr>" f"r the making of n constitutor
, itself m but another mode of etmrMnc law, aim
• is Ihi-refore h-gifliation
States I hold, further, that this Government'
formed by the people of sovereign States cap do
expressly delegated, or necessary to execute a
delegated power. I call on the Republic, pnrty-!
