1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
Then, under this clause of the Kansas bill,
what limitations are there upon the Legislature of
the Territory of Kansas ?—for you must bear in
mind that what the Legislature does, it does by
the authority of the people who elected them.
What are the limitations ? The Constitution of
the United States and the provisions of the Kan-
sas bill.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I wish to ascertain if
I understand the gentleman's position. Am I to
understand him as taking the ground that, under
the twenty-fourth section just read, Congress has
the right to delegate to the people of a Territory
the right to exclude slavery ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am not here to
answer questions.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. But I want to know
if that is the gentleman's position.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will say that I
do not believe that Congress has any power to
delegate. As I said before, the territorial laws,
in my opinion, receive their vitality from the
assent, implied or expressed, of the people under
them.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. And not from Con-
gress.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Here, then, is this
provision of the bill in reference to the legislative
power of that Territory. It is a copy, word for
word, and letter for letter, from the Utah and New
Mexico bills of 1850—a part of the compromise
measures of that year. And that very clause
superseded the necessity of touching the Mis-
souri compromise, in my opinion, in the Kansas
bill. The Constitution of the United States does
not prohibit the people of the Territory of Kansas
from introducing slavery; nor did the Kansas bill
prohibit them. Then, if neither the Constitution,
nor this act organizing the Territory—and which
would become vital when the people should give
their assent to it by organizing a government
under it—prohibited its introduction by the people
of Kansas through territorial action, your Mis-
souri compromise was not in the way, in my
opinion, because the prohibition is not to be
found either in the Constitution or in the Kansas
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Will the gentleman
allow me to make one remark?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the gen-
tleman from Kentucky will not interrupt me. I
said nothing to him during the delivery of his
speech, and I do not wish to be catechised on this
occasion.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I did not propose to
catechise the gentleman. The gentleman did me
injustice, and I merely wished to make a remark
to set the matter right.
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. It was not my
intention to do the gentleman injustice, and if I
have 1 yield for correction.
Mr. IT. MARSHALL. I stated in my re-
marks the other day, and I now state this propo-
sition. I said that the Utah and New Mexico
bills gave vitality to the Legislatures of those
Territories upon the express ratification of Con-
gress, but that the Kansas and Nebraska bill
fails to do that in this particular. In the six-
teenth section I think it is, it interpolates, instead
of the will of Congress to give the territorial
legislation vitality, the doctrine of squatter sov-
ereignty, which I denounce.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man whether he does not indorse the Utah and
New Mexico bills ?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I do.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I then ask the
gentleman whether he denies the right and power,
upon the part of the people of the Territories of
Utah or New Mexico, to repeal any law of Mex-
ico prohibiting slavery in those Territories?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. If the gentleman
wishes me to answer, I say that I hold the doc-
trine, that when that bill delegates to the people
of this Territory the power and right to legis-
late upon all rightful subjects of legislation under
the Constitution, it reserves to Congress the
right to supervise their legislation, and that the
Legislature does not contain within itself the ele-
ments of vitality."
•Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understood the
gentleman to deny what he was pleased to call
squatter sovereignty. 1 now ask him again if
the people of one of these Territories were to
repeal any law, either of this Government or of
any foreign government which may be supposed
to be in force in that Territory, either prohibiting
slavery or introducing it there, would he rise
here in his place as a Representative upon this
floor, and vote to overrule the action of the people
upon this subject?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. My proposition cer-
tainly goes to that extent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I say to the gen-
tleman, that if the people of Kansas, or any other
Territory of the United States, organized as a
political community now, should in their legisla-
tive capacity prohibit slavery, I for one will not
vote to repeal their act, or declare void what the
Legislature of the Territory, with the sanction
of the peojile, have done in the exercise of their
rights. ]Now, sir, I say that the whole Demo-
cratic party subscribe, as I understand it, to the
principle of the Kansas and Nebraska bill, that
the Legislature of a Territory—the legislative
power of a Territory—shall extend to all rightful
subjects of legislation, consistent with the Con-
stitution of the United States, and the principles
of that bill. We may differ as to what is consti-
tutional power, but we do not propose that this
Congress shall revise what the people there may
do on the subject. There is another tribunal to
which the Democratic party is willing that this
question, when it arises, shall go for decision.
But there is another feature of the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill which I regard as merely declaratory I
of what were the intentions of those who passed I
the bill. I refer to that part of the thirty-second
section which reads as follows:
"That the Constitution and laws of the United States '
winch aie not locally inapplicable, shall have the snme lorce
and effect within the said Territory of Kansas as ehuwheie
in the United States, except the eighth section of the act
prepaiatoiy to the admission of Mis-ouri into the Union,
approved March sixth, eighteen hunched and twenty, winch,
being inconsistent with the principle of non-intervention
by Congiess with slavery m the States and Territories, as
recognized by the legislation of eighteen hundred and fmy,
commonly called the compromise measures is hereby de-
clared inoperative and void; it hemg the tiue intent and
meaning of this act not to legislate slaveiy into any Terri-
tory or State, nor to exclude it therefrom, but to leave the
people thereof perfectly free to form and regulate their do-
mestic institutions m their own way, subject only to the
Constitution of the United States : Provided, That nothing
herein contained shall be construed to revive or put m force
any law or regulation which may have existed piior to the
act of sixth March, eighteen hundred and twenty, either
protecting, establishing, prohibiting, or abolishing slavery."'
Now, sir, I take it that the Democratic party
agree upon that declaration of intention as to what
was intended to be done by the Congress which
passed the Kansas and Nebraska act, as cordially
and as heartily as they do upon the two other
points to which I have alluded. It declares that
tlfe compromise of 1820, the Missouri restriction,
being inconsistent with the legislation of1850, com-
monly called the compromise measures, is hereby ;
declared null, inoperative, and void; it being the !
true intent and meaning of this act not to legis-
late slavery into the Territory, nor to exclude it ,
therefrom, but to leave the people thereof per- ,
fectly free to form and regulate their domestic
institutions m their own way, subject only to the
Constitution of the United States.
Then, sir, what do we do? By the Missouri
compromise slavery was prohibited in that Ter-
ritory. I believe tliat the Congress of the United
States hed no valid authority to impose that re-
striction. Do you, sir, believe they had? We
say that so far as this Territory is concerned, we
shall declare this restriction to be inoperative and
void. The barrier is removed out of the way of
the people, so that they may, if they desire, mtro-
duce slavery there as a domestic institution.
That is my construction of that provision so far
as the intention of Congress is concerned.
I am one of those who entertain the opinion
that the people of the Territories, if they are not
prohibited by the Constitution of tlm United
States, may establish or prohibit the institution
of slavery. And it was with reference to that
doctrine that our Know Nothing friends in the
South, during the late canvass, were continually
attempting to annoy the Democratic party with
the cry of " squatter sovereignty. *5 While you,
Mr. Speaker, and your party in the North, were
charging your Democratic adversaries with ad-
vocating the extension of slavery over the Terri-
tories, the cry in the South of those equally
opposed to the Democracy >vus the cry of ;
Mjuatter sovereignty. These weie the strongest j
arguments made against the right of the people
to govern themselves, that I have ever heard.
Squatter sovereignty is the nickname given to the
right of the people to govern themselves, by those
who are opposed to their exercising it. Let us
look at it.
Under the Kansas bill and the Constitution of
the United States, does not every man upon this
floor recognize in the Territory the right to pre-
scribe the qualification of voters, and the quali-
fication for office? Is there, then, a higher pre-
rogative of sovereignty? It is the power which
I1 draws the line of demarkation between the free-
j( man, the coequal in sovereignty, and the subject
.j vassal. Isthere no alliance with sovereignty in the
i! power to prescribe penalities for crime—in taking
away a man's life, his liberty, and his property ?
| Do we not also recognize the right m the Territo-
ij ries to pass laws respecting the relations of hus-
I band and wife, parent and child, guardian and
■ ward, and laws relative to distribution and descent ?
j Do we not all recognize m the Territories the
t power, through their Legislative Assemblies, to
j levy taxes upon the people? Is there nothing of
! sovereignty in these powers ? It seems that the
! power is only denied to the Territory on the
i question of slavery; yet its exercise has not been
! prohibited either by the Constitution or the laws
| of Congress.
I These, sir, are my opinions. I am aware that
! I differ with many of my Democratic friends as
I to this abstract question; but there is one thing
I on which we all agree, and that is, that, if the
j people of a Territory have this right under the
, Constitution, we cannot and are not disposed to
i deprive them of it; and that, if they have not
j the right, then we cannot and are not disposed
I to give it to them. The Democratic party, as X
; understand, stood in the recent contest on the
; great principle of non-intervention embodied in
I the territorial bills of 1850 and 1854. We of the
j Democratic partyagree on this principle. Wheth-
' er Congress has power or not, it shall not excr-
| cise it. Whether the people have the power to
!; govern themselves or not, Congress shall not
i! attempt to control them.
I Mr. Speaker, I once voted for a proposition
i which does smack a little of this'thing called«
:] squatter sovereignty. The Democratic party,
, particularly of my section, with the great Caro-
j lmian at their head, I think, voted for it too.
! The people of Oregon in 1845, some time before
i this Government gave them any territorial organ-
j ization, adopted what they called their organic
; or provisional government.
| The first article, section fourth, of that law, is
as follows:
; u There shall be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude
: in said Territory, otherwise than for the punishment of
I crime, whereof the party shall have been duly convicted.''
| And when the Clayton compromise of 1848
! was introduced into the Senate and passed, it
; contained this clause:
! *•' Sec. 12. That the existing laws now in force in the
Territory of Oregon, under the authority of the provisional
government established b> the people thereof, shall continue
! to bo valid and operative therein, so far the same be not
: incompatible with the Constitution and the provisions of
this act, for three months alter the ftr.-t meeting of the
! Legislature m said Territory; subject, ncvoithfioi?. to be
alteied. modified, or repealed, by the Legislative Assembly
of the said Territory of Oregon ; and the Constitution and
. laws of the United States Tire hereby extended over and
deciared to be m force m said Ten itory, -o far as the same,
( or any provision thereof, may be applicable.
I was a friend and supporter of that law. I
, voted against its defeat m this House by being
, laid upon the table, and would have voted for it,
had it ever come to a direct vote. That is the
ground upon which I place my vote upon the
' Oregon bill in 1843. I voted for it because I
i believed that it was the will of the people of that
Temtory that the institution should not go there.
I merelv lefer to this as one instance in which a
1 very large portion of the Congress of the United
1 States did favor this principle.
[ But, sir, 1 know that the Democratic party do
. not agree entirely upon this question. And what
of that? As 1 have already said, it is not a ques-
; tion of legislation. We agiee upon all the ques-
tions in the Kansas bill as to the legislative power.
Then, sir, there is no difficulty or difference of
opinion, as I understand it, in the Democratic
party, so far, as to what Congress ought to do or
hhouid do. Suppose that I am wrong in think-
i jng that the people of a Territory hove a rijrht to
