M
this congressional globe.
December 16,
legislate upon this, as upon cither domestic insti-
tutions; and suppose they do it: where is the
remedy if they have done wrong? Is it,in the
halls of legislation, according to the Democratic
party, whether they believe the one side or the
other of this question? No, sir. As I under-
stand it, the Democratic party are willing to refer
the question to the courts of the country, and
the Kansas-Nebraska bill provides for the trial
of all these cases, and their adjudication and de-
termination by the Supreme Court of the United
States. • .
Section twenty-seven, after providing for the
establishment of a supreme court, district courts,
probate courts, and justices of the peace, enacts
that—
" Writs of error, bills of exception, and appeals, shall be
allowed in all cases from the final decisions of said district
courts to the supreme court, under such regulations as may
be prescribed by law ; but in no case removed to the supreme
court shall trial by jury be allowed in said court." * *
" Writs of error, and appeals ftom the final decisions of
said supreme court, shall be"allowed, and may be taken to
the Supreme Court of the United States, in the same man-
ner, and under the same regulations, as from the circuit
courts of the United States, when the value of the property
ill controversy, or the amount in controversy—to be ascer-
tained by the oath or affirmation of either party, or other
competent witnesses—shall exceed $1,000; except only,
that in all cases involving title to slaves, the said writs of
error, or appeals, shall be allowed and decided by said
Supreme Court, without regard to the value of the matter,
property, or title in controversy ; and except, also, that a
writ of error, orappeal, shall also be allowed to the Supreme
Court of the United States from the decision of the said
euprcine court creatcd by this act, or of any judge thereof,
or of the district courts created by this act, or of any judge
thereof, upon any writ of habcascorpus, involving the ques-
tion of personal fteedom."
Suppose the people of Kansas should prohibit
slavery while they are in a territorial condition,
and some one dissatisfied with that action should
take the question up to the Supreme Court of
the UmteU States, through the territorial courts,
and that court should decide that the people in
the Territories were not prohibited by the Con-
stitution, but have a valid and constitutional
power to prohibit slavery in the Territory: is
there a Democrat here who would be for agita-
ting and overthrowing that decision of the judicial
power of the. country? On the other hand, if
the people believe they have a right to introduce
the institution into the Territory, and should pass
laws for that purpose, and some gentleman dis-
satisfied with that, and thinking the people had
exceeded their power, should take the case to the
judicial tribunals of the country for adjudication
and determination, and the Supreme Court should
decide that the people of a Territory have aright
to establish the institution of slavery there, then
the Democratic party, as a party, throughout the
country, will acquiesce in that decision, in the
same manner as tttey would if the Supreme Court
should determine that there was no such power.
Then, I say, there is no such difference of opin-
ion in the Democratic party as should cause any
objection to them. We have rested the question
as to the time when the people may determine
this question for themselves with them and with
the courts of the country.
But I understand that even those who cry
"squatter sovereignty" throughout the South,
and who most signally failed in the last canvass
under that cry, admit that the people of a Terri-
tory have a right, when they come to form a
State constitution, to determine whether they will
have slavery or not. Am I correct in that posi-
tion and understanding of what they hold to be
the correct doctrine upon this subject? If so,
there may be not more than twelve hours' differ-
ence of time between them and myself. I say
they can do it to-day; and they say that the same
men can do it to-morrow by framing a State con-
stitution. _ Then there is between us but one
night's difference in time, and perhaps but one
hour. It is the manner of doing it, and not the
thing done, which seems to be in controversy,
even in die Democratic party. Now, it seems to
me that this should be no cause of dissatisfaction
with the Democratic party, nor should it be any
objection to the Democraticparty. Ourpositions
are clear, and I think well understood—as much
so, at least, as those of the party to which you,
Mr. Speaker, belong. 1
Non-intervention on the part of Congress is
the only ground, in my opinion, upon which the
country can remain in union, and have peace |
and harmony through all its borders, and be free <
from agitation and excitement upon this ques-
tion . It is the ground that Congress shall not
interfere with the domestic institutions of a State
or of aTerritory, but that the people of both States
and Territories shall be left free to form and to
regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way., subject only to the Constitution of the
United States.
I believe, sir, that there are but three questions
in regard to which the subject of slavery should
be introduced or mentioned in this Hall, or in the
other wing of the Capitol. One is the' prohibi-
tion of the African slave trade from 1800 on.
That trade was prohibited, and by the laws of
the country it is piracy for an American citizen
to be engaged in it. By those laws I am willing
to abide; and I think that the question should
never have been introduced into this Hall by any
man, North or South, who was willing to abide
by the present legislation. Another is that in
reference to the return of fugitives from labor,
escaping from the States where they are held
into another State. The last is that in reference
to the apportionment of representation, by which
you are bound to regard five slaves as three per-
sons.
I understand, strange as it may appear, that
there are men in the North, professing to be
learned and intelligent, and claiming to be states-
men , who say to their people that the slaveholder
in the South lias three votes for every five slaves
he possesses. That argues an ignorance upon
the part of those who assert it which I did not
believe existed in any portion of the country.
Why, sir, in a southern State, a man who owns
a hundred slaves goes to the polls and deposits
one vote, and but one; and the man who never
owned one, the man who never owned one foot of
land, the man who never owned a dollar, if you
please, in his life, if he be a free white male citi-
zen of the United States, over twenty-one years
of age, and has been for six months a resident,
in the State in which I live, he can vote, and his
vote counts just as much as that of the man who
owns a hundred slaves. Yes, sir, one of your
constituents, Mr. Speaker—one born in your dis-
trict, or a naturalized citizen, if he comes to my
country, and resides there for six months, is as
competent a voter as the man who has lived there
and owned property there all his life. Why,sir,
I have no doubt that you make capital out of such
a statement, when youNknow, and all the men
who make the statement, know, that in making
up the ratio of representation every free negro at
the North counts for a person, and that, if all the
negroes were free in my country, instead of count-
ing three for five as they do now, every one would
be counted. In that event, we should then have
our political power augmented, instead of dimin-
ished.
But, sir, this is a question upon which we have
had this continual agitation; and although I am no
ultraist, yet I say here, as I have said elsewhere,
that whenever the party to which you belong
shall triumph in this country, and shall establish
its principles and consummate its measures in
the practical administration of the Government,
the people of my section of the country must
determine between oppression and tyranny in
the Union, or assert their supremacy, and vin-
dicate and maintain that independence which their
fathers achieved for them outside of the Union.
There is, in my opinion, no such thing as con-
stitutional secession from this Union; but, at the
same time, there is as much virtue in resisting
oppression from this Government as there was
in resisting it from the British Government; and,
without any threat or bravado, I say that when-
ever that time comes, we in that portion of the
Union which is in a minority shall be prepared
to assert our rights, and vindicate them at all haz-
ards, and to the last extremity. i
Mr. CUMBACK obtained the floor. I
Mr. WALKER. With the permission of the '
gentleman, I move that the House adjourn. I
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman will :
withdraw that motion, and allow a report to be '
made from the Committee on Printing. It will '
occupy but a moment.
Mr. WALKER. I will withdraw it for that
purpose.
ENROLLED Blrx.
Mr, PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act for the
relief of George K. McGunnegle, surviving
partner of the late firm of Hill & McGunnegle, of
St. Louis, Missouri; when the Speaker signed
the same.
treasury report.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, then reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That fifteen thousand extra copies of the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury on the state of the finances
be printed for the use of the members of the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. I acknowledge that it has
been usual to print fifteen thousand extra copies
of the report of the Secretary of the Treasury on
the finances; but it will be recollected that this
report discusses with acknowledged fairness and
candor the subject of the revision of the tariff,
which is one of the most important subjects before
the country. A report from the Committee of
Ways and Means upon this subject was made
at the last session, and the House ordered fifty
thousand copies of itto be printed. Now, I think
that this document, upon the same subject, is of
sufficient importance to warrant the publication
of certainly twenty thousand extra copies—the
number named by me in the resolution which I
had the honor to submit, which was referred to
the Committee on Printing, and which is made the
basis of the resolution now before the House, It
has also been usual to order a certain number for
distribution by the Department, and I had pro-
vided that, of these twenty thousand copies, one
thousand should be withheld for the use of the
Department. I move to amend the resolution so
as to provide that twenty thousand extra copies
of this document shall be printed, one thousand
of which shall be for distribution by the Treasury
Department; I think that is but just and reason-
able.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not exactly place as
high an estimate upon this report of the Secretary
of the Treasury as the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania seems to do. I think fifteen thousand will
be quite sufficient, and I hope the House will not
order more than that number.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose we have dis-
cussed this matter long enough. I take it for
granted that the House is not prepared to enlarge
its printing. We already have too much of it in
every department. I move the previous question.
Mr. FLORENCE. I shall express no surprise
at all at the conclusion to which the gentleman
from Alabama and the gentleman from Virginia
have come in reference to the printing of this
document. I expressed no opinion in respect to
the correctness of the conclusions arrived at in
this report. I merely said that I believed it was
admitted by all that the subject was discussed
with fairness and candor. I supposed that, a3
the House ordered fifty thousand extra copies of
the report of the Committee of Ways and Means
upon the same subject, twenty thousand would
not be an unreasonable number for this docu-
ment.
Mr. WALKER. I rise to a question of order.
Is this debate in order ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not, the
previous question having been demanded.
Mr. HOUSTON. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question. 1 am not surprised to
hear what the gentleman from Pennsylvania has
said. The gentleman seems to be dt-lighud with
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. FLORENCE. I beg pardon. I expressed
no opinion in reference to It. I merely said the
question was discussed fairly.
Mr. HOUSTON Ifl were in favor of imposing
duties for the benefit of one portion of the coun-
try at the expense of the other, I should be
pleased with it also.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. What is the
question pending?
.The SPEAK KR pro lempr>re. The question i.i
on the amendment moved to the resolution by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, The gentle-
man from Alabama is discussing the propriety of
the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON*. Ifl entertained the opinion
of the gentleman from Pcmwvlvania* that the
rentaimng people of the United States should be
taxed for the benefit of my constituents, then I
would favor the report.
The argument . (' !h" ?<;mkm*n from Pcnn-
