146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December IT,
impossible to give such a construction—I allude
to the section in relation to Texas. By tte second
although that question has been mooted a gref-J-
deal—have been, in many of the States, held
valid; but at all events a general assignment tor
the benefit of such creditors as will come in and
to the section    . - , .; - ^
section of the law Texas was authorized to receive
oiTlvsuch amount as she had paid to any holder
pfevious to the time when the claims were to be
presented here; and„even if she had paid more,
she war' limited to the pro rata proportion to
which that holder would be entitled. Then how
' ' can you tell me that it was the intention of Con-
gress to apply this money to pay an ascertained
amount, when the provision of the second sec-
tion necessarily created an inequality in the dis-
tribution ? Take the language of the second sec-
" In all cases where "the State of Texas may have paid
..sany portion of the debt prescribed in this act, the said bec-
 *ietary shall refund to the proper officer of said State the
amount actually so paid by the State, upon the presentation,
at the Treasury Department, of the evidences of said debt,
on which the" said State may have made such payment:
Provided, The said sum shall not exceed the proportion
■which would have been allowed to the creditor or creditors
t£ such payment on said evidences of debt had not been
-Ifiiade by the State of Texas."
It is very clear to me that the law did not intend
that this 'fund should be divided among all the
creditors of Texas, but only among such of them
as should execute releases within thirty days
previous to the time fixed for payment. I do not
meall to go into any argument to elucidate the
position which has been so clearly stated by my
honorable friend from Louisiana; but letme allude
to a very familiar case, which, I dare say, may
/.have happened in the State of the Senator from
Virginia, which certainly was a common accur-
st rence in';ifyown State before the general law
was passed prohibiting assignments of the kind
to which I allude. It was an cvery-day practice
for debtors getting into failing circumstances to
make assignments of their effects for the benefit
of their creditors who should come in and release
them within sixty or ninety days. I never yet
heard ef a lawyer who contended that, if one
third of the creditors came in and released within
• the ninety days, those who did not come in and
release within that time should have any portion
of the fund, or that the assignor could claim the
right to extend the time. It was a contract where,
for the contingency of a less sum, the creditors
released their entire claims against the debtor.
So here the State of Texas was the debtor: it is
110 matter that it moves to the United States; the
United States required by their law that the
creditor should release his debtor, and that he
should release the debtor within ninety days; and
when that was done, the fund was to be clivided.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to ask the honor-
able gentleman, as a lawyer, whether he does not
know that our courts in tile different States, when
a question has come before them as to the validity
, of assignments made under the circumstances
ifywhich he has stated, have uniformly ruled them
down ?
Mr. BAYARD. Not at all; on the contrary,
I know the practice to be just the reverse. I j
will tell the Senator what hits been ruled down.
Where the creditor has reserved tor himself an
ultimate interest in the fund, in such cases it has
ocen decided to be against the general principles
of law, and void.
Mr. COLLAMER. Has it not been repeatedly
• decided, in various States, that a condition that
dreditors shall not have their part of'the avails of j
a debtor's effects, unless they give a discharge of i
the whole, is void ? i
Mr. BAYARD. No, sir. • I
' Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir; it is so. |
Mr. BAYARD. On the contrary, I have I
known these assignments .established by decrees j
of courts of equity, and the fund divided among j
the creditors who released the debtor within the I
- specified time. In such cases it is optional with j
the creditor to come into the arrangement 01* not.
The debtor himself is not discharger! from the i
obligation to those who do not come in. Where i
a stipulation has been made for the benefit of the !
debtor as to the ultimate disposition of the fund, ' creditors are entitled to the fund appropriated
®ffmen® bcfn declared void, but not; for their benefit, to the extent necessary to dis-
*®n. ?? afe declared void only charge their claims—no further of course. Tlmt
If these persons have the rights, for which the
honorable Senator from Louisiana and myself
contend, under this law, are you not violating
their rights when you undertake by legislation to
deprive them of them ?
Mr. COLLAMER. Suppose the joint reso-
lution presented by the Senator from Texas
should be passed, will not the rights of tke cred-
itors be equally saved? Can they not still assert
their rights, under the Senator's construction,
just as well after this resolution be passed, as
.when we shall have passed the proposition in the
words proposed by the Senator from Delaware?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then we may as well adopt
the plan of the Senator from Texas, and that will
leave the question open.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not doubt that Congress
cannot take away from the parties a fund to
which they are entitled, but Congress is a power
which will pay or not, a% it sees fit. I know
enough of political and deliberative bodies to know
that if they undertake to express an opinion upon
a law before it has been judicially ascertained,
and to appropriate the fund to other parties than
the creditors entitled, and a judicial decision is
afterwards given in favor of the creditor, he cannot
compel Congress to pay. He has no writ of
execution. If it were a case between indh iduals,
where the party recovering his judgment could
coerce payment, there would be no objection to
the passage of any law which Congress might
see fit to pass; but it does not rest upon that
Congress may not choose to appropriate the
money, though your own court may decide in
favor of the payment, because they have given a
previous construction to the law. I presume the
honorable Senator will hardly deny that under
the Federal Constitution the intention is that
judicial and legislative powers should be severed,
and Congress ought to be very chary in making
judicial expositions of existing laws.
I say that the resolution of the last session was
erroneous; but if I be wrong in my construction,
the creditors will be in no way benefited by its
repeal; they can get nothing without the legisla-
tion of Congress, and they will ask nothing; but
clearly, if you go on to extend the time and divide
this money, which I say according to the law of
1855 belongs to them, you are taking away their
money and appropriating it to third persons.
Their right to it is a question which you ought
to leave the judiciary to decide.
The honorable Senator from Virginia com-
mented on the construction of the fourth section
of the law, which provides:
" Before paj-mem of the money-* aforesaid, the Secretary
of the Treasury shall gi\'e notice, by public advertisement,
for tiie space oi' ninety day.-, of the"time at winch me said
payment will be made; and no payment shall be made on
any bond, certificate, or evidence of debt, winch idiall not,
thirty days before the time limited by said notice, be pre-
sented at the Treasury Department.'*
The time at which the payment was to be
made, was ninety days from the date of the
notice. The Senator from Virginia says that
provision was solely with a view to the protection
of the Government against frauds or irregular-
ities; but it is coupled'with the further limitation
that 110 payment shall be made to any man v.-ho
does not present his claim thiity days hi fire the
time fixed for payment. What is the .llij-ct of
it? The pro rata must be ascertained !>v a :<lcu-
lation based upon the presentation of the ctrUfi-
cates. The law required the M-ruficates to be
" The ob-
Tr.'..tury
. j -   only
.because they conflict with the general principles
of law. If the honorable Senator torn Vermont
•will take the trouble to investigateThe question,
IJhinkTie will find that there is scarcely a State
of the Union in which these assignments have
not been held valid. Even assignments for the
benefit of ere®tors, with preferences as to some—
who come in within the specified time can be
entitled to any portion of the assigned fund.
Such cases are of every-day occurrence, and i
have yet to learn an instance in which such an
assignment has been declared void.
Mr. COLLAMER. The honorable Senator
can learn it very easily by looking.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator had
better look for the case, and find it. I will not
say that there is no such case, because I know
that there is no propositi|n, however absurd,
which you will not find same legal decision in
some part of the country to sustain.
I proceed, Mr. President. I can see no prin-
ciple—no reason why this should not be done.
You have done it in reference to almost every
treaty under which you have distributed a fund.
You settle with a foreign nation for a_ gross sum
by treaty. You receive the fund for distribution.
You by law appoint a commission, and direct
that parties shall present their claims, and prove
them before the commission by a given day. Do
you pay any claims which are not presented from
negligence or any other cause. Are there no
outstanding claims under the Florida treaty ? Are
there none under the treaty with France ? Are
there none under the treaty with Mexico ? Is not
time of the essence of all agreements in such
cases, and do you not exercise the power on all
occasions of that kind ? If you do, where is the
inequity, when dealing with another fund, after
you have required a man to release the State of
Texas, which undoubtedly was his debtor, in
giving him the consideration of his release ?
The proposition which I make is certainly not
unreasonable. I propose to leave this question
where it belongs, and where it will be properly
decided—to the courts of justice. Let us not
undertake to legislate upon a judicial question
but let us repeal the statute of last session, and
leave the creditor to stand on his rights under the
law of 1855. He will go to your Court of Claims,
or, as I think he may, he will go before the Cir-
cuit Court of the United States for the District of
Columbia, which, by a writ of mandamus, will
direct the Secretary of the Treasury to divide the
fund in the Treasury among those who presentejd
their claims before the 13th of June last, as it is
a mere question of amount, involving no discre-
tion in the Secretary of the Treasury. Do you
- object to this? Do you mean so to legislate as to
prevent the creditor from asserting, by a judicial
decision, what is his right under the law ? Then
you mean to say that you will assume judicial
powers, and will interfere with what are the rights
of.the creditor, if I be correct in my construction;
and if I am wrong, he will get nothing. Then
leave him as Tie is. He certainly cannot claim
under the law of 1855, unless my construction be
right.
Mr. RUSK. I wish to ask the Senator a
question. What does he propose, under his
amendment, to do with creditors who have
evidences of debt and desire to present them now?
Mr. BAYARD. I have nothing to do with
those creditors. If those who presented their j
claims and filed their releases prior to the time !
limited by law are entitled to the whole fund,!,         
you have 110 right to take away that fund to which i' deposited and releases to he executed.
they are legally entitled- If you choose to pay 1 ject was to give the Secretary of tl.
others, you may do so out of your own money, j: thirty days after the debt was'before him. for the
Mr. iiUsK. Suppose that but $1,000,000 had :i purposes of calculating the pro rata to winch t ach
been presented, would the holders of that amount; holder would be entitled, so as to enable htm to
of debt have been entitled to the whole fund? |> make the payment at the time spenfi-d.
Mr. BAYARD. Not at all. They would have That is evidently the meamii" >>f the section,
been entitled to nothing more than the amount of | The Secretin v was to ray the certificates. The
the debts which they held. Such cases are of,' certificates were to be deposited. and release,-i to
common occurrence under treaties, and then the j. be executed in advance. The time of payment
; was fixed at ninety days from the date of Holies-.
; Tij*> creditor was obliged to prisi-ot tin- instru-
ments certifying his debt, which \n re to remain
i on file in the Treasury thirty duyt- before that
I time, or be excluded according to the express
; language of the law. The object is palpable,
j The pro rata could not be ascertained on the wr-
1 tificates, unless the Secretary had time, aO- r their
presentation, to ascertain the amount to l e paid.
claims—no further of course. That
is a common and familiar principle. A surplus
may be left. There was a surplus of §45,000 left
under the Mexican treaty. No one pretended
that any creditor was entitled to more than the
pay njent'of his claim; but he was en titled to that,
if the fund was sufficient to pay him;
Nowyl wish my proposition to be understood.
The I'KliXSlDLN'G OFFICER, (Mr. Wwuxa
