148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
Mr STANTON. I will join the gentleman
from North Carolina and object to everything
out of the regular order of business.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is reason for a relax-
"ation of the rules so far as territorial bills are
-eonnerifed. The territorial business will shortly
come up for consideration, and it is right that
4he territorial bills should be allowed to come in
at once. I hope the rules will not be rigidly en-
forced against the Delegates from the Territories.
Mr. PHELPS. X have a suggestion to make
to the House in reference to the pendifig ques-
tfth to refer and print the message of the Pres-
ident. I hope the Committee on Printing are
4 ready to report on the resolution to print extra
copies of that message and accompanying docu-
ments, which was referred to them. I have had
a conversation with the Public Printer, and he
has informed me that, if the House will only
specify the number of extra copies it orders, he
will, in a week, have the first volume ready, and
all the volumes in less than two weeks. The
committee of which I am a member need these
documents for examination in the preparation of
the general appropriation bills. I hope the Com-
mittee on Printing is ready to report on the sub-
ject.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has the Committee on Print-
ing jurisdiction of the matter?
Mr. PHELPS. It has. The resolution to
print extra copies was, under the rules, referred
to that committee.
The SPEAKER. The resolution to print extra
copies wills referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. LANE. I am anxious to introduce bills
relative to territorial affairs, and I trust there will
be no objection.
Mr. STANTON. I insist on my objection.
Mr. SAPP. I rise to a question of privilege.
.X hold in my hand a copy of the Democratic
Banner of the 2d instant, published in Mount
Vernon, in my congressional di-strict.
Mr. WHEELER. That is not a question of
- privilege.
The SPEAKER. It is not a question of priv-
T ilege. if, however, the gentleman desires to
make a personal explanation, the Chair will sub-
mit the question to the House.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. SAPP. I insist that the question I pre-
sent is a question of privilege. The newspaper
article I wish to read refers to me in my official
capacity as a member of this House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the gentleman intends
to move the creation of a select committee to ex-
, . amine into his conduct, then I do not object;
otherwise I do.
The SPEAKER. General reflections on the
, f course of a member do not, in the opinion of the
Chair, constitute a question of privilege. It must
be something that touches the rights and powers
of a member of the House, to constitute a ques-
tion of privilege.
Mr. SAJPP. The article has reference to me in
my official capacity as a member of this House,
since I have been here during the present session.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish it understood that
I make a point of order,
Mr. SAPP. I will not consume a minute.
; • Mr. CLINGMAN. If this thing is to be
stopped at all, it may as well be stopped now, as
hereafter; and I object to the explanation unless
the Chair rules that it is a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not
such a question of privilege as to override the
regular" business of the House.
Mr. FAULKNER. If it is in order, I move
that the gentleman have liberty to proceed for
^five minutes.
Mr. SAPP. I only want one minute.
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order if
. there is no objection.
Jf*'; CLINGMAN. I object. This is not
child s play. I would not have made the objec-
tion, if I intended to withdraw it.
Mr. SAPP. Then I ask leave to print what I
have to say.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That amounts to
the same thing if it is to go into the Globe as a
part of the official proceedings of the House. I
am opposed to anything going into the Globe
which is not said upon this floor.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. If my friend
from Indiana [Mr. Cpmback] will allow me,
before he proceeds, I desire to state that I was
unavoidably absent from the House on Monday
last. If I had been present, I should have voted
in the affirmative on the resolutions of the gen-
tlemen from Tennessee and South Carolina,
[Messrs. Etheridge and Orb.]
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbcrt Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate disagreed to the amend-
ment of the House upon the bill entitled " An
act for the relieS of Mrs. Agatha O'Brien," and
requested a committee of conference upon the
disagreeing vote.
• PRESIDENT'S ANNUAL MESSAGE.
The House then proceeded to the regular order
of business, being the consideration of the Presi-
dent's annual message, the pending question
being on the motion of Mr. Cabpbel'., of Ohio,
to refer said message to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and that it be
printed.
M>. CUMBACIi addressed the House upon
general politics, and was followed by
Mr. WALKER, who "spoke upon Central
American affairs. The speeches are withheld for
revision,-and will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. ENGLISH then obtained the floor.
Mr. SAPP. I ask the gentleman from Indiana
to allow me to make a statement which I can
make in two minutes.
Mr. ENGLISH. As I do not intend to occupy
the floor for more than a few moments, I will
yield to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SAPP. I hold in my hand a copy of the
Democratic Banner of the 2d instant, published
at Mount Vernon, in my congressional district,
the town in which I reside, and edited by one
L. Harper. In its columns I find what purports
to be a copy of a letter alleged to have been ad-
dressed to a Mr. Pier, and signed by me, as a
member of this body. I pronounce the letter a
forgery from beginning to end. If the party who
perpetrated it had not appended a designation of
my official position, I should have treated the
affair with the contempt it merits; but, underthe
circumstances of the case, I deem it a duty which
I owe to this body, and to myself, to say that
the letter is a forgery put forth for base and mali-
cious purposes, in my absence from home, and
was doubtless known to be such by the editor
who has disgraced himself and his press by giving
it publicity.
Mr. ENGLISH then resumed the floor, and
addressed the House on the issues of the late
canvass, explaining the position of the Democ-
racy of Indiana upon the question of slavery in
the Territories.
Mr. BROOKS also addressed the House.
[See Appendix for these speeches.]
Mr. QUITMAN next obtained the floor; but
yielded it to
Mr. GALLOWAY, whomoved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
three o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 18, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
Hon. Stephen R. Mallory, of Florida, ap-
[ peared in his seat to-day.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of j
the Senate of the 11th of August last, an estimate !
of the amount required for connecting the ice-" ji
j breaker with the breakwater at the entrance of 'J
' Delaware Bay; also, an estimate of the cost of
a breakwater at Crow Shoai, near Cape May
which,was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented the memorial of Hart-
well Carver, praying that a charter may be granted
to turn and his associates for the construction of
& railroad from some point on the Mississippi or
Missouri river, or from Lake Michigan, to the
Pacific ocean; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
. Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of W illiam
M. Ellis, praying for an appropriation to test
his improvement in the method of attaching the
moorings to buoys, beacons, &c.; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. STUART presented the petition of Martin
Davis, an ensign in the war of 1812, praying to
be allowed a pension for a wound received in
battle; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. BIGLER. I am requested to present the
memorial of the operators in the arsenal of the
United States, near Pittsburg, Alleghany county,
Pennsylvania, who represent that they were em-
ployed in the arsenal during the Mexican war in
preparing implements and munitions of war; and
that such were the demands of the Government
that they were required to work very unusual
hours, and in some instances failed to observe
the Sabbath, in order to supply the demands of
the army. I will read the closing paragraph of
their petition :
"Yourpetitioners respectfully ask Congress not
to put their services in the scale of public merit,
below that of teamsters to that gallant army who
were supplied with munitions of war by the skill-
ful labor of our hands:" they therefore pray "that
the laws relating to bounty land for public service
may be extended to the operators, who were en-
gaged in preparing munitions of war at different
Sosts during the war of the United States with
lexieo."
I ask its reference to the Committee on Public
Lands.
It was so referred.
Mr. STUART. I have been requested to pre-
sent to the Senate the memorial of Edward K.
Collins and his associates, for relief. They state
briefly the history of the transatlantic ocean
steam service, and their own connection with it.
They were invited by the Government to enter
into a competition which should be successful
with British steamers. At that period the average
time of the Cunarders was seventeen days per
trip. They have themselves reduced that time to
eleven and five eighths days, and would have re-
duced it to eleven days, had not Congress term-
inated the extra compensation, without which it
cannot be done. They state that the extra com-
pensation made to them in 1852 has simply ena-
bled them successfully to compete without making
money, and to save the reputation of the country
indeed, to place it high in comparison with other
countries. 1 This compensation has been taken
from them. They are now unable thus success-
fully to compete. They are satisfied that the
laurels must pass from this country to Great
Britain, in consequence of that act. They do not
wish this to be so during the existence of their
contract. They therefore ask Congress to term-
inate the contract, and make provision for taking
their ships. Copies of this memorial will be
placed on the tables of Senators, and I ask their
special attention to it. I move its r<-f.Tence to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, it was
Orierei, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of i?h* petition of
L. A Latii, and that it be referred to the CutmiuUet on
Pensions.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Ordered, That the p* mum of Minerva CaUc it. widow of
Hanson C'atiett, on the files of the Senate, he referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, it was
Ordered, That the heirs of Charles Leui* havs teave to
! withdraw their petition and papers.
I ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Oil motion of Mr. SLIDELL, it whs
Ordered, That when the Scuatti adjourns to-day. ii be to
Monday next.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES*
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred tin* mi-morml
of Mrs. Eliza E.Ogdcn, widow of Captain E. A.
Ogden, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
