1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (H. It. No.
251) to authorize the President of the United States
to cause to be procured, by purchase or otherwise,
a suitable steamer to be stationed at the port of
New York as a revenue cutter, and for the pur-
pose of affording relief to distressed vessels, their
passengers and crews, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Agri-
culture, to whom were referred sundry memo-
rials and petitions on the subject, reported a bill
(S. No. 481) to extend and encourage, for the ben-
efit of agriculture and other pursuits, the meteoro-
logical investigations of the National Observatory
and Hydrographical Office; which was read, and
passed to a second reading. He submitted a
report on the subject, which was ordered to be ;
printed.
CONGRESSIONAL COMPENSATION.
Mr. PUGH. The Committee on the Judiciary
have instructed me to make a report on a resolu-
tion adopted by the Senate directing them to in-
quire whether any further legislation is necessary
to carry into effect the act to regulate the com- i
penaation of members of Congress, approved '
August 16, 1856. The committee do not feel
themselves at liberfy, under this resolution, to
inquire into the propriety of recommending the
repeal or modification of that act, except so far
as the modification may be necessary to carry its
provisions into effect. The committee believe
that law is practicable, and has been executed,
and imagine that having said this they are dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
resolution. But I am instructed to state also that
a ease was submitted to the committcc, not by \
the resolution, but was supposed to be embraced .
within it, as to what would be the rate of com- 1
pensation to the members of the Senate and the
House in a given case. The committee do not
understand that they are authorized by this
resolution to take that question from the control
of the President of the Senate unless he himself
should submit it to the Senate. The members
of the committee have, however, examined that
case, and have arrived at some general conclu-
sions. They have instructed me simply to ask
that they be discharged from the further consid-
eration of this resolution.
Mr. HALE. If there be no objection, I ask
that the report may lie on the table until to-mor-
row morning.
The report of the committee was ordered to lie
on the table for the present.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT SAG HARBOR.
Mr. PISH submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,and
agreed to:
Rcsoh ed. That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to iiiquuo mto the o\pediency of building a custom-house
at the port of Sag Harbor, on Long Island, m the State of,
New Yoik.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. JAMES, agreeably to previous notice, !
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill (S. ,
No. 480) to construct a harbor on Block Island; ^
which was read the first and second times by
unanimous consent, and referred to the Commit- •
tee on Commerce. ^ !
MILITARY ASYLUMS. j
Mr. HALE. I offer the following resolution, \
and ask for its consideration now: !
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be ;
inducted to inquire into the expediency of discontinuing
any timber appiopiiations lor continuing the Mihruiy Asy-
lum in the Distuct of Columbia; also what is the annual ■
expense of supporting a soldier there ; the mode and man- i
Tier of buppoiung them there; and alto, whether a more !
comfortable mode of supporting tho^e entitled to the ben- '
ems of the asylum may not be adopted at a much less !
expense, by a dueet payment m mone>, or by boarding
them in private establishments, or by furnishing lelief m
gome other way.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not see the
chairman of the Committcc on Military Affairs
in his seat.
Mr. HALE. I have consulted him about it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If he is willing
to take on himself the responsibility of such an
investigation as this, I have not a word to say;
but it seems to me it would be more appropriate
to make the inquiry of the Secretary of War.
The committee would be at least a week engaged
in getting the information, and we are required
to be in our seats every day under the new com-
pensation law, I believe. If, however, the chair-
man of the committee is willing to take the re-
sponsibility, very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Tennessee object to the considera-
tion of the resolution ?
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. Not if the chair-
man of the Military Committee was willing to
accept it.
Mr. WELLER. The resolution was shown
to me by the Senator from New Hampshire before
it was offered, and I think it is a proper subject
of inquiry. I learn that these soldiers are sup-
ported at a very great expense to the Government,
and it is time that we were inquiring whether
we cannot economize in this as well as in other
departments of the Government. A  chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, I felt dis-
posed to go into the examination of it.
Mr. HALE. 1 will state the reasons for
offering the resolution. I understand that we are
supporting seventy or eighty soldiers at this
establishment at an expense of over §500 apiece,
and they are supported in exactly the same way
that they are in the Army, with rations of
pork and beans, and with such vegetables as are
raised in the garden.
Mr. CASS. Five hundred dollars !
Mr. HALE. I understand that it takes $500
to support each of them. For a quarter of the
sum they can be much more comfortably pro-
vided for in private establishments. Besides that,
before a soldier can have any relief through this
Military Asylum, if he has a wife and children,
he must be torn away from them to entitle him-
self to the privileges of this hospital: whereas,
if a quarter part of the sum were paid to him at
home, he would be much more comfortably
taken care of. That is the state of facts which I
understand will be ascertained on proper inquiry.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. "With the
permission of the Senator I wish to add this
amendment to his resolution:
And that the same inquiry be extended to the Western
Military Asylum at Harrodslmrg, Kentucky; and it either
be retained, that the committee report which shall be
retained; and further, whether the said asylum at Har-
rodsburg may not be beneficially removed to the Pacific
coast m California. ^
I understand, on good authority, that the sol-
diers at Harrodsburgcan be boarded more cheaply
at the Gait House, in Louisville, than at that
establishment. My further opinion is, that if any
asylum be retained, that which is in the vicinity
of this place should be kept up, and the other
located on the Pacific, in California, or at some
placc where the soldiers could be in proximity to
the ocean. I want to get rid of the establishment
in my town, on any terms.
Mr. HALE. I do not care how wide the in-
quiry is. j
. The amendment to the resolution was agreed j
to; and the resolution as amended was adopted. S
dr. kane's arctic exploration. j
Mr. PEARCE. I ask the Senate now to take !
up the House joint resolution (J. R. 2\o. 11) ,
which we had before us at the last session, and j
on which a report was made by the Joint Com- 1
mittee on the Library. It relates to the purchase ,
of Dr. Kane's foithcoming work on Arctic ex-
plorations. It is desirable that it should be dis- ,
posed of now. i
Mr. BRODHEAD. I did not expect that this !
resolution would be taken up this morning. I ■
had some papers m relation to it, which were in ;
my drawer at the close of the last session, but '
they are now at my residence. j
Mr. PEARCE. The recommendation of the
Committee on the Library is to strike out that
clause of the House resolution which provides
for the purchase of fifteen thousand copies of that
work, and retains only the other clause, which j
provides medals for £>r. Kane, his officers and
crew. I was about to suggest that if we went .
on with the consideration of the resolution, and |
the clause proposed to be stricken out should not :
be stricken out, I would then agree to postpone :
it, and the Senator may bring his papers, and t
discuss it in full. 1
Mr. BRODHEAD. If by the general consent j
of the Senate the report of the Committee on i
the Library is adopted, I shall have no objection
to the resolution as thus amended. I agree to
that report.
Mr. BIGLER. I will remark .that, in order to
have a test of the sense of the Senate on this
subject, 1 am perfectly willing to have the reso-
lution taken up, and a vote had at once. If the
report of the Committee on the Library should
be rejected, and my colleague should desire to
postpone the subject, I will agree to it without
debate. I have no desire to discuss the subject,
and shall not do so unless 1 am forced to it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate aa
in Committee of the Whole resumed the con-
sideration of the joint resolution (No. 11) for
the purchase of Dr. Kane's forthcoming work
on Arctic explorations; and for the presentation -
of medals to Dr. Kane, his officers and men.
The committee reported the joint resolution
with an amendment, to strike out the first section
in the following words:
" That the Committee on the Library be authorized to pur-
chase from the publishers, fifteen thousand copies of a forth-
coming work, by Dr. E. K. Kane, on Arctic explorations,
during the years 1853,1854, and 1855, in search of Sir John
Franklin, to be distributed among the members of Congress
by the Secretary and Clerk of the two Houses respectively,
under the direction of said committee : Provided, That the
price shall not exceed five dollars for the two volumes:
And provided further, That the matenal. press-work, illus-
trations, aifd binding shall be approved by the said com-
mittee. "
Leaving the second section to stand as follows;
" That the Secretary of the Navy shall cause to be struck
and piesented to Dr. Kane, his officers and men, respect-
ively, such appropriate medals as in the judgment of the
said Secretary shall expiess the high estimation in which.
Congress hold their respective merits and services."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I inquire whether
this resolution is accompanied by a report; and if
so, I ask for the reading of it.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by Mr. Pearce, August 11, 1856:
The Committee on the Library, to whom was referred the
resolution of the House of Representatives, No. 11, re-
port :
That they concur in the opinion that it is quite proper to
recognize the merit ol JJr. Kane's arduous Arctic expedition
by the presentation to him. his officers and crew, medals
as proposed m the second s-ection of the resolution. Such
testimonials are appropriate rewards for bold enterprises
which aie prompted by a zeal for scientific discovery aridfe
generous s-pirit of humanity; and thus, whether the sacri-
fices made, the perils incurred, and the objects attained,
were the result of orders of the Government, or of voluntary
and individual effort—
Reeosmrzmg Dr. Kane's voyage as one which does great
honor to Ins own intrepid spirit, his zeal for geographical
discovery, and hi« geneious benevolence, as well as to the
national reputation, the committee cordially recommend a
concurrence m the second resolution.
They regret that they cannot recommend the adoption of
the first branch of the resolution, which proposes the pur-
chase of fifteen thousand copies of the narrative which he
is about to publish. This would result m an expenditure
of $75,000, and in the establishment of anew precedent, for
which there are no adequate reasons such a? have hereto-
fore mduccd Congress to publish, for distribution, their own
public documents, or to subscribe Jor woiks having a direct
relation to the alfans of <io\ eminent. The pioceedmgs of
Congtess. and th<* reports of Government officers on •busi-
ness" of the nation, aie published, as well for the use of
Congress itself, and'ol persons connected with the Govern-
ment, as for the information of the constituents of Congress
—the people—who ought to have, and cannot otherwise
ptocure the means of knowing the history ot public affairs.
And even to this there is a necessary limit, which, except
m special ca^e* of peculiar importance, seldom allows the
publication of as many as fifteen thousand copies of any
public document. In other cases, Congiesshas subscribed
lor or puiehat-ed a still ■smaller number of volumes relating
to our legislative or revolutionary history, or to our national
stati.-tio, which were supposed to be important aids to our
statesmen in the performance of their public duties. Some-
times they have purchased the work*? of our revolutionary
fathers, because they were understood to throw peculiar
light upon oui eaily public histon, or to have some special
importance and value in the consideration of great public
question*. For these reason* we have bought such works
a- Se\ bert's Statistics, the State Papers. Revolutionary Ar-
chive's, the writings of Jefferson, Hamilton, John Adams,
In one case only have laige number: been purehasedfor
general populardistribution. liickey's Constituuon; which,
besides that instrument lt.-eJf, contained various other
papers, giving m tne whole a sort of rudimentary eonsrita- r
tional histoiv. But in no ca>e, so tar as the committee are
aware, has Congress, m its purchases of books, passed
beyond the limits'of the objects indicated. Of the w°r*s
of the Exploring Expedition, which was sent out bj'the
Government itself lor the purposes of oceanic discovery
and scientific collection, only one hundred eopies wer®
oidered to lie printed, and these have been distributed, with
a few exceptions, only to States of the tnion arid foreign
Governments. , i
The precedent now proposed to be set might, and prob-
bly would, lead u* into a wide field of literary patronage,
inconsistent with the objects of
ail expense not to te endured, t^"> prtcLdtnt,
we migfU be called OJ1 to subscribe for the travels of our
