1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151 *
but if yon look*to the amount of references and
reports, you will find that there are some of the
committees which have a great many more refer-
ences made to them who have only temporary
clerks during the session. Why the clerk of
that committee, who has no more to do than the
cleric of the Committee on Public Lands, and
very little more than the clerk to the Committee
on Private Land Claims, should be made perma-
nent, I am at a loss to perceive. As to the Com-
mittee on Finance,! know that the suggestion of
the Senator from Virginia has great force; and it
is expected that if, at the close of the session,
that committee or any other should ask the Sen-
ate to give them a clerk touring the recess, the
request would be granted. I believe the Com-
mitted on Finance has more necessity for a per-
manent clerk than any other committee; and if
an amendment to that effect shall be offered, I
shall myself have no objection to it. It is a mat-
ter, however, about which I care nothing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour for
the consideration of the special order has arrived,
and it must be taken up unless otherwise directed
by the Senate.
the president's message.
The Senate accordingly resumed the consider-
ation of the motion uf Mr. Rubic, to refer so much
of the President's message as relates to foreign
affairs to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President,
at the time this question was under consideration
a week ago, I obtained the floor, feeling some
anxiety to take some part in the debate. I con-
fess that the time which has elapsed since that
debate, and the present period, and the. post-
ponements to which I have been subjected, have
abated somewhat my interest in that matter; and
if, therefore, I shall inflict on the Senate an un-
usually uninteresting speech, they may take upon
thunselves a p<-utof the responsibility.
The question before the Senate is upon a refer-
ence of a portion of the President's message to a
committee. That is an immaterial issue. The real
question before the Senate is the President's mes-
sage and the arguments which have been used by
Senators on this floor in connection with it. As
far as the President's message is concerned, X do
not suppose it will be expected that 1 shall stand
here as the champion of the President in vindi-
cation of his message or the positions he has
assumed in that message. That duly, or rather
that privilege, appertains more directly to you,
sir, and other gentlemen on this floor. I may,
however, be permitted to say, als an act of justice
to the President, if it be of any interest to him
or to any one to know, what my opinions aic in
reference to that portion of the message which
has received the strictures and condemnation of
gentlemen on the other side of the House, that it
was proper, just, and so far as I understand it,
truthful in itself. That the President had the
light to make such a message I piesume nobody
wdi controvert. It was a matter of taste with :
him how far he should ~o, and a question of !
duty also. He has determined that question for |
himself, and gentlemen have complained of his
determination. I am net here as the advocate ;
of a special prerogative, ^ I do not hold that the !
President is beyond the rcftch of censure, nor do
I pretend to contend that his message is not a;
legitimate subject of animadversion on the part;
of any Senator who may choose to pass his stric-
tures upon it. Senators have the right to invest-
igate the public documents of the country.. It is
their duty to scrutinize the message of the Pres-
ident. It is sent here for their guidance and 1
instruction; it is therefore their privilege and1
their duty to investigate it. As to the manner
and mode of thdt investigation, I might differ'
with some gentlemen on this floor, particularly '
as to the terms which are necessary and proper
to be used m regard to one of the highest depart- 1
ments of Government, a coordinate department!
wnli the Senate; but that is a question of taste j
of which I din willing that Senatois shall judge J
Tor themselves. They have chosen to do so;i
and the terms they have employed being terms '
of censure and condemnation and disparagement1
of the President, I am willing to refer them to the :
arbitrament of an enlightened, decent public sen- !
tnncnt. _lt l\as gone to the country, and the I
I'cnplc will doubtless|>ass their judgment upon it. '
Mr. President, there is another question in-
volved in this controversy of far greater import-
ance to me, and I think to the country, than any
mere quibbles that may be gotten up on the
President's message. That question is not as to
the powers of this Government, as was so elab-
orately argued by the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Collamer] to carry slavery into the Terri-
tories.. That is a matter of interest, I grant; but
it must be borne in mind that human ingenuity,
human learning, and human talent, can say noth-
ing on that subject that has not already been
said. It must be apparent to you, sir, and to
every Senator on this floor, that that is a point
about which we differ, and about which we shall
probably continue to differ as long as the jninds
and intellects of gentlemen are differently and
peculiarly organized. The Senator from Vermont
maintains that the Congress of the United States
have full and unlimited power to legislate for the
Territories, and that therefore they have the
power to prohibit the introduction of slavery
into the Territories. That is his opinion, clearly
expressed, and doubtless honestly entertained,
j I am quite as clear, and I hope quite as honest,
in a conviction directly opposed to that which
the Senator presents. There are other distin-
guished Senators on this floor who concur with
the Senator from Vermont. There are others,
far more distinguished than I affect or assume to
be, who concur with me in opinion.
There is an issue between us. How is that
issue to be decided? We might debate the
question from now to the resurrection day, if we
were permitted to live so l(5ng, and in all proba-
bility we should then stand as we now stand.
What then are we to do ? We are left to the last
resort and the only resort, that which is provided
for by the Constitution—a reference of this con-
troverted question to the decision of the Supreme
Court, that high tribuual which, by way of con-
tempt and derision, has been called the citadel of
Slavery. In my judgment it is the citadel of
Liberty; it is the place where the Constitution
resides, and where at last we have to look for
safety, if, indeed, safety is to be found at all.
I do not choose to go into a controversy upon
this point. Why should I do so ? I am not vain
enough to suppose that I can enlighten the Senate.
I am not vain enough to suppose that I can pro-
duce a single argument which is not stereotyped
on the mind of every Senator here. In addition
to that, it would be a work of supererogation, as
at this very time this great and important ques-
tion is before the court, and in a few short days
it is to be hoped will be settled hy its decision. I,
for one, stand prepared here to say, as a southern
man, that, whilst I should regard a decision ad-
verse to the rights of the South with deep regret,
whilst I should feel that it was placing us at a
disadvantage with the other States of the Union,
and the citizens of the northern States; yet, rec-
ognizing the Constitution as the higher political i
law, above all law—considering that Constitution
as pointing to the decisions of the Supreme Court
as final, I am ready to bow submissively to the
decision, be it what it'may.
Mr. President, I may be allowed to express
the hope that honorable Senators on this floor,
who have manifested so much interest, so much
zeal, and so much talent on this subject, will come
to the conclusion to submit to the decision and
arbitrament of that higher tribunal. If they are
of that mind, that heart, that spirit, this contro-
versy approaches its end. I shall rejoice, and
you will rejoice, and every lover of his country
must rejoice, that the question can find a final
settlement now. Surrounded, mixed up with
that issue, is the other great question of squatter
sovereignty. 1 have seen a <rreat deal of humbug;
I have read a great deal of it; I have seen some-
thing of spiritual rappings, and all that sort of
legerdemain; but of all the political humbugs that
this world has ever seen, I think the doctrine of
squatter sovereignty has been distorted into the
greatest. When it is investigated at last, fully,
fairly, and frankly, there is but little in it; and
whatever there is in it is mixed up with the ques-
tion of the powers of Congress. On the decision
of that question, everything of a controversial
nature, so far as w6*are concerned, must soon be
settled. Whether the Territories have the power
to exclude slavery, or at what particular time this
power begins to exist, is a point about which we
differ. I confess I am astonished to see so much
interest manifested by certain gentlemen on this
floor to get up a controversy between those who
agree on other great vital questions, upon this
isolated question of the power o£ the people of a
Territory.
The distinguished Senator [Mr. Cass] who is
said to be the author of the doctrine, holds, that
the people of the Territory have the power to
exclude slavery. I think he is unjustly charged
with being the author of the term, because, if I
read anythingcorrectly in history, the term squat-
ter sovereignty was applied by Mr. Calhoun, by
way of derision or contempt, to the principle that
the people of a Territory could legislate on the
question of slavery at all. The Senator from
Michigan holds that the people of a Territory
have that power. I hold a different opinion. He
voted for the Kansas-Nebraska bill; so did I; and
gentlemen can see nothing but utter astonishment
in the conflict of opinion on this point. To my
mind it is as plain as any proposition can be
made. The Senator from Michigan, and those
who concurred with him, voted for k, and I voted
for it; and we voted for the identical clause proving
the existence of squatter sovereignty according to
his view, and proving directly the reverse accord-
ing to mine. What was it? That the people of
the Territories should be left free to form and
regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way, subject to the provisions of the Constitution.
That Senator believes the Constitution gives them
the power, and therefore he voted for it. I do
not believe it, and therefore I voted for it. What i
followed ? We agreed to refer that debated ques-
tion, that question of controversy, to the only
tribunal known to the Constitution that can settle
it—the Supreme Court of the United States. Then
there is no incompatibility between the vote of
that Senator and myself standing together for
this bill.
I regretted, Mr. President, that the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bigler,] who addressed
the Senate at length on this subject, felt it to be
his duty to take up that question and bring it
here, knowing, as he must have known, that it
is one about which there is great difference.
Mr. BXGrLER. Will the Senator allow me to- >'
interru]^ him? I know he intends to represent
me properly. *
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Certainly.
Mr. BIGLER. I did not bring that question
here. I was interrupted, while on the floor, by
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. WadeT] who p«fc
the question to me distinctly. I replied to nis
interrogatory; but I certainly did not introduce
that topic as part of my speech.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not desire to
do my friend any injustice; he is the last man in
the Senate to whom x would do an act of injustice;
but I felt that he had unnecessarily introduced
the subject here. He says he was called out by
the Senator from Ohio. Very well; all I have to
say in regard to it is, that I think it was a useless
consumption of time; and my regret was the
greater because of the peculiar position in which
that Senator is supposed to stand in regard to the
President elect of the United States. 1 voted for
Mr. Buchanan with a firm conviction in my own
mind that Mr. Buchanan stood with me on this
subject. I had no right to know it positively;
but'I made my deductions from his past history,
and what I knew of him, and what i understood
to be his present position. I am rejoiced, how-
ever, to learn from the Senator that he does not
speak ex cathedra; that he does not assume to
speak the sentiments of Mr. Buchanan. In fact, ■*.
I now care very little about what the opinions
of iftr. Buchanan may be, since this question at _
last is in the hands of the final tribunal, which, I
trust, will settle jt in a few days.
If 1 chose to get arguments to fortify my
position by great names,! might stand entrenched
behind a name that stands above all the names
which ever have lived in the tide of time, with
the exception of one—I might stand behind the
name of the sage of Ashland, who declared, in
his speech on the 7th of February, lfc$9, upon
this floor, that Congress had no jurisdiction over
the subject of slavery at all,, except on three
isolated points — taxation, representation, and
reclamation. I might entrench myself there, and
there I would stand, and there 1 do stand, and
might defy all the billows that may be attempted
