ism.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
time, how does it comport with the speech he
made here the other day? But the other day he
was loud, earnest, and eloquent upon the subject
of the Union, and declared that he hoped it would
endure forever, and that, in his judgment, it was
destined to live forever. Here he says there can
be no union until this taint of slavery shall be
abolished. I apprehend that the Senator at that
time intended something more than the mere ex-
ercise of the asserted power of Congress to pro-
hibit the introduction of slavery into the Terri-
tories. I apprehend he looked forward to the
day when this glorious vision that flitted across
■his imagination might come, when the shackles
would fall from„the hand of the black man, and
every man be free, and this glorious country of
ours be rid of the taint of slavery!
MrjWADE. It is a pretty Rood speech.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Senator says
it is a good speech. I will not quarrel with his
taste. If he is satisfied with it, the Lord knows
I am.
Mr. WADE. There is no quarrel between us,
then.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. None at all; we
understand you upon that position clearly. I
come now to read from another distinguished
gentlemaii, one equally zealous and earnest in his
protestation of devotion to this Union, and who
thinks that esto perpetna is inscribed upon its top-
most stone; I mean the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Seward.] What does he say ? He said in
his Albany speech, if correctly reported—and if
not he will correct me 
Mr. SEWARD. What speech ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The speech made
at Albany, in October, 1855. I recollect the Sen-
ator said, the other day, that his speeches were
published, and gentlemen might get them. I
think it was unkuid to require me to buy three
or four volumes to get at the Senator's opinions;
and, in addition to that, it is a sort of literature I
do not care to carry to my house. I would rather
take the newspapers, and if they do him wrong,
he can correct them as I read.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator means
to be fair, and has given us notice that we may
make any explanation we may desire to give.
He will do me the justice to excuse me from the
charge of having proposed to him to buy those
works at his own expense.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I did not say
that.
Mr. SEWARD. I referred him to the public
library of Congress; and, inasmuch as he finds
it inconvenient, I have to say tffat 1 have already
furnished to one honorable Senator of this body
a full set, at my own expense, and if the honor-
able Senator will take the risk and responsibility
of having them in his possession in the land in
which he lives, I will furnish him, or any other
Senator, with them. [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am very much
indebted to the Senator from New York. I never
allow any man to outdo me in the offices of kind-
ness and courfesy. I will accept the books of
the Senator, provided he will not require me to
carry them south of Mason and Dixon's hue;
because, in my State, I am not certain that I
should not get to the penitentiary for having his
books in my possession. [Laughter.] I will
read them here, in the District of Columbia; but
as to carrying them home, ho must excuse me.
I cannot do it.
Mr. WADE. That proves what I said, that
there is no freedom in the South.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is no free-
dom in the South that alio w^nen to go there and
incite to insurrection, to Wpher our wives and
children, and God forbid that there ever should
be such freedom there. I will read the extract
from the speech of the Senator from New York.
It is:
" The [abolition] that has become at last 550 necessary is
as easy to he made as it is necessary. The whole number
of slaveholders is only three hundred and fifty thousand—
one hundredth pait of the entne. population of the country.
If you add their parents, ehikhcn, immediate relatives, and
dependents, they are two millions—one fifteenth part ot the
American people. Slaveiy is not, and never can be, per-
petual. It will be overthtown, either peacefully and law-
fully under tins Constitution, or it will work the subveision
of the Constitution, together with its own overthrow. Then
the slaveholders would perish in the struggle. The change
can now be made without violence and by the agency of
the ballot-box. The temper of the nation is just, libeial.
forbearing. It will contribute any money, and endure any
sacrifices to effect this great and important change ; indeed,
it is half made already. The House of Representatives is
already yours, as it always must be when you choose to have
it. The Senate of the United States is equally within your
power, if you only will persistently endeavor, for two years,
to have it. Notwithstanding all the wrong that has been
done, not another slave State can now come into the Union.
Make only one year's constant, decisive effort, and you can
determine what States shall be admitted."
What does that mean ? The Senator declares
here, "The change can he made without vio-
lence, and by the agency of the ballot-box. The
temper of the nation is just, liberal, forbearing."
* * "The House of Representatives is already
yours. You have only to will persistently for
two years to command the Senate;5' and then
the work, he says, is easy. "What work ? The
work of the utter extinction of slavery. He
begins with the declaration that " it must end—
it is not and never can be perpetual;" he says it
is to be ended by the agency of the ballot-box.
You have the House — you can command the
Senate, and then the work is done. How will
you do it? How can you do it? The Senator
has not told us how it can be done. They ask
nothing, they say, but the power to interdict
slavery in the Territories; and yet we are told by
the Senator from New York that they have the
House of Representatives, they can command
the Senate, and then the work is done—the work
of the final overthrow of slavery—the final pros-
tration of the " slaveocracy," in the beautiful
and chaste language of that Senator and others.
I have a great many other extracts to make,
and one of them is from a speech purporting to
have been made by the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson7] at the Tabernacle in New
York. I do not know whether he made it or
not: if he did not, he will correct me. *
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him what paper he reads from ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Washington
Union. I started out by stating that 1 was de-
pendent on newspapers.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the honorable Sena-
tor will excuse me. I ask with the best intentions
whether he reads from a paper that contains the
whole speech I made, or only an extract?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. An extract only.
I hope to God the Union will never find time to
publish a whole speech of yours, if you are
incorrectly represented, I will be very happy to
correct it in any speech I may publish. I stated
frankly to you that 1 was dependent on newspa-
pers mamly, and if injustice is done to any of
you I will "put it right. The following purports
to bo an extract from a speech by the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson:]
" We shall overthrow the slave power of the iRppnblio ;
we shall enthrone iieedom—shall abolish slavery m the
Territones; we shall sever the national Government fiom
all responsibility ior slavery, and all conncction with it;
and then, gentlemen—then, when we have put the nation,
in the words of Mr. Van Buren, openly, actually, and per-
petually on the side of freedom, we shall have glorious
allies in the South. Wo shall have men like Cas^ius M
Clay. [Loud applause.] We shall have generous, biave,
gallant men rise up 111 the South, [dough-laces.] who will,
in then own time, 111 their own wa\, for the intercut of the
master and bondsmen, lay the foundations of a pohe\ of
emancipation that shall mve fieedom to three and a half
millions of men m Amenca. [enthusiastic applause.] I
say, gentlemen, these arc out objects. and these are out yur-
poses.'* " * K * "* ^ '
" Letusiemember that more than thiee millions of bond-
men, eioatung under nameless woes, demand that we shall
ccase tn reprove each other, and that we labor for their de-
hverence.'"
•• I fell you here to-night, that the agitation of this ques-
tion of human s-Iaveiy will continue while the foot of a
slave pre^s the soil of the American Republic.'''
That sentiment is doubtless very patriotic,
according to the opinions and views of that Sen-
ator and the party to which he belongs. I read
it to show that the whole aim, purpose, and end
of the organization of this new party is the utter
overthrow and subversion-of the institution of
slavery. If you are not laboring for that, what
are you laboring for? What does language such
as I have read mean, if it does not mean that those
Senators look forward to the time when the soil
of the Republic shall not be polluted by the tread
of an African slave? Why, gentlemen, 1 under-
stood you all along. I understood you to mean
that, whilst you did not claim the power to go
directly into the States to abolish it, you would
carry on such a line of policy as in the end must
result in the final overthrow of slavery.
Gentlemen, with all kindness allow me to say
to you that, unless you take that view, you have
not a shadow of a mantle to protect you in your
crusade against slavery. You are divested of the
only apology—the only excuse that can be offered
for your supposed philanthropy and sickly sort
of sentimentality. If you do not mean to strike
at the very foundation of the evil—if you do not
mean to rid the Union of slavery, it is a double-
refined wicked crusade; because, so far as the slave
is concerned, you absolutely accomplish nothing
by keeping him out of the Territories; it does not
emancipate one; it does not lessen the number of
slaves by one. They are in a worse condition
than if you were to allow them to be distributed
over a larger area of country, where they would
have better facilities and more comforts and con-
veniences.
Mr. President, I have a book before me which
purports to be a publication of the sentiments of
Senators and others, and it is filled very much
with the opinions of such men as Garrison and
Phillips. I might rely on them to prove what is
the ulterior purpose of gentlemen in this crusade
against slavery; but I grant I am estopped from it—
I am forestalled by the open, bold, and fearless
manner in which Senators on this floor have repu-
diated—I thank them for it, and congratulate the
country upon it—all connection with that class of
fanatics, and have boldly affirmed here that they
are in no wise responsible for anything which
may come from that wing of the party. I thank
you, gentlemen, for this declaration. It is true,
you have not all gone quite so far as some of
them have gone, and it bespeaks an improvement
in the moral feeling, tone, and srintiment of this
new party, when they will stand upon the floor
of the Senate and repudiate such men as Garrison,
Phillips, and others. It is useless for me to read
what they say, because I am willing to be frank.
I do not hold you responsible for them,
Mr. "WILSON. What book is it?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am reading from
" the Campaign Papers," published in the city
of Washington. I do not hold you responsible
for their opinions any more than 1 would be held
responsible for the opinions of ultra-southern
men with whom I have affiliated upon certaia-..
great questions. When you made the disclaimer,'
I accepted it; therefore I forbear reading anything
they said.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Ohio, in
his speech the other day, said there were two
parties in the South, and that they were hostile
to each other—two parties utterly irreconcilable
and antagonistic to each other. 1 want to know
where they are. The Senator meant, as I infer
from his speech, that there were in the South
slaveholders and anti-slaveholders, and that slave-
holders constituted a very small proportion of the
aggregate number of the population.
Mr. WADE. I am not aware that I spoke of
the parties of the South. I believe there are two
parties there, but I tliink I did not speak of that
matter in my speech.
Air. JONliS, of Tennessee. I think the Sena-
tor said distinctly that there were two parties in
the South hostile to each other, and the remark
was made 111 connection with what he said of the
institution of slavery. The impression made on
my mind by what he said, and also by the argu-
ment of the Senator from Maine, was that those
Senators proceeded on the hypothesis that we had
111 the South a population not holding slaves, an-
tagonistical to the institution of slavery.
Air. 'WADE, i do not think 1 spoke of that
at all; but I believe they ought to be antagonist-
ical to it, whether they are or not.
JONES, of Tennessee. You have said
now precisely what I understood you to say then.
I Air. WADE. I did not say it then.
jt Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. At any rate you
j; have said it now, and that is sufficient for me. 1
;i want to put my constituents right. I ara not
• I wilhng that they shall be misrepiesemcd here,
i' Theie it> a lar^e portion of my constituents who
!>! are non-slaveholders; but in their behalf, in tjm
name of their patriotism and devotion ro^the
Constitution, and the Union, I utterivj'epucnate
- th*> sentiment. There is not m the wuoie isouth
;i a body of men more true, more reliable to the
1 Constitution, and all its compromises^* ud gam-
■ antees, than the non-slaveholders of 1 enT-v ssee.
I] The master with his one hundred sla;.s is no
|] truer in defense of his rights of property, than
