154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
the overseer or the poor neighbor who lives by
him not owning a single slave. I personally
know this to be the fact; and I might appeal to
every Senator from the South to say that such is
■ his experience of his constituents.
Sir, there is no feeling- of that character in the
South; and those who will be found to be the last
to . surrender the rights of the South under the
Constitution, are that very class of honest, bold,
fearless, true, intrepid defenders of the Constitu-
tion and of the rights of property everywhere.
We have no such divisions in the South as the
Senator seemed to suppose.
If the time should ever come, which I pray
Heaven may never arrive, when this question
must be tested J>y that test which brings men up
to a mark, where there can be no surrender, where
men's lives are on the hazard of the die, this class
of the South will be found to be the bulwark of
the Constitution, and the first to meet you on the
border when you seek to make any encroachment
on us.
The honorable Senator advanced another idea,
for -which I thank him. He is very much op-
posed to the institution of slavery. SI found no
quarrel with any man upon that point. I quarrel
with no gentleman because he may be opposed to
slavery. That is his privilege; and so far as the
South is concerned, we do not care whether or
not there be a single man north of Mason and
Dixon's line who believes slavery to be a virtue
or to be necessary. They may entertain their
own opinions upon that point. They may be-
lieve it to be wrong. They may believe that it
is a social, apolitical, or a moral evil. They may
believe what they please upon that point. All
we ask is that we may be permitted to think just
as we please about it; and all we intend to main-
tain—and that much we will maintain at all haz-
ards and to the last extremity—is the right under
the Constitution to hold our property.
The Senator from Ohio said that if he had
been born in the South ho might have been in
favor of slavery. That was very kind on his
part, and it ought to beget in his mind a little
.more charity for that class of men who were
- lljorn and raised under institutions different from
'his own. It does not comport very well with the
idea he annunciated in reply to the Senator from
South Carolina the other day, when the question
was asked what would ho do if southern men
should leave the Senate? " I would set the dogs
on them," was the response. If you had been
born and raised as I was, you think it very likely
you would have been just as I am.
Mr. WADE. No; that is going too far.
Mr. JONES, of Tennesson. Would you not
'-have been in favor of slavery?
•Mr. WADE. I might have been.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then if you were
in favor of slavery, what else ? That is the issue
you make. That is the war you make. The
gentleman may take personal exception to me.
That is a matter of taste; but the question at issue
is, would he have been in favor of slavery ? He
says he would have been in favor of slavery.
Upon that point there would have been no differ-
ence; and if you had been bora in the South
you would have been just as vile as I am, and
just as fit a subject to have the dogs set on you
as I am. Charity, it seems to me, should have
induced you to speak differently. I make no
.quarrel with those gentlemen because they were
raised under different institutions from myself,
and do not choose to like slavery. They ought
to Make no issue with us about that.
Mr. WADE. The gentleman has forgotten
the point upon which I would let, loose the dfcgs.
The question was: suppose southern gentlemen
should leave the Senate with an intent to break
up the Union, what would I do ? I would set
the dogs on them, was my reply then, and it is
now.
Mr. BUTLER. To whom did you make it?
To South Carolina?
Mr. WADE. No.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. To some Senator.
Mr. BUTLER. It was not me; or he would
have got something else back besides that.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. The Senator from
Ohio has not varied the issue. I hope the neces-
sity will never arise for southern men to leave
this Capitol; I hope none of them will ever leave
the sacred depository of freedom; but, if they
proposition made to repeal the fugitive s
How did he answer that? He said to i
leave it, let them do so upon their own sense of
honor, and not on account of cowardly menacing,
or dodging the question. The Jssue is not
changed. For what are they to leave it? Because
of an invasion of their rights. An invasion upon
what ground? Upon the ground of slavery. At
last it settles down to this, that, because they are
attempting to protect their rights of property in
slaves, the Senator would set the dogs upon them.
I never see the honorable Senator from-Maine
[Mr. Fessenden] rise in his place in the Senate
to make a speech without being inclined to listen.
There is about him an air of frankness, of candor,
and sincerity—1 will not say that it is not real—
which always attracts my attention; and then he
declares his position so clearly and so distinctly,
and generally in a spirit of so much kindness,
that it is very difficult not to listen to him with
pleasure and interest. I heard the honorable
Senator the other day, and t confess that, in one
point at least, he did not come up to what I had
conceived of his character heretofore. I will
refer to that presently. The honorable Senator
repudiated, in the strongest and most^unequiv-
ocal terms, any alliance with, or responsibility
for, the opinions of that wing of the Abolition
party called ultra men. I thank him for that;
but in the same connection, speaking of the agi-
tation of the question of slavery, he asked, who
is responsible for bringing it here? Not I, said
he, nor the party to which I belong. In that
speech he assumed that the President of the
United States, and those who concurred with him
in opinion, were responsible for the introduction
of the question here, and for all its.agitation. I
volunteered, in great kindness—and I hope it was
so received—to suggest to the Senator that he
might be a little mistaken; that the agitation had
been commenced on this floor by others, not by
men of the South; and I referred him back to the
slave law.
me:
" Jl'thc Senator had attended to me he would have known
that I was speaking of the first Congress that met after the
inauguration of President Pierce. I say that the platform
of the two party conventions, held in the summer preced-
ing lus election, deprecated all further agitation. When he
delivered his inaugural address he alluded to that fact, and
claimed that no further agitation should take place upon
that subject in the country. Congress met, and nothing
was said. There was a general disposition to acquiesce in
those measures—to do nothing and say nothing so long as
matters remained in that condition. It was the introduc-
tion of the Kansas Nebraska bill wirich rekindled the fire3
of agitation in Congress and in the country."
That fixes the agitation at a comparatively
recent period. The compromise measures were
passed in 1850. I came here in the winter of1852,
and at the session of 1852 a proposition was
made to repeal the fugitive slave law. Who made
it? The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
ner] not now in his seat; and it was voted for by
a portion of his friends on this floor. Was not
that agitation of the question of slavery ? Un-
questionably it was.
But, Mr. President, I come down to a point
within the Senator's declaration. I say that after
these conventions had met—and that honorable
Senator and myself were delegates to the Whig
convention of 1852, I believe—and both parties
had pledged themselves to abide by existing legis-
lation on the subject of slavery, and not agitate
it, on the 2b"th day of August, 1852, Mr. Sumner
offered a proposition to repeal the fugitive slave
law. At a later period he renewed the same
proposition, and attempted to put it upon one of
the appropriation bills. Was not that an agita-
tion of the question of slavery? Do honorable
Senators suppose that we feel no interest in the
subject—that it is no violation of our rights to
deny us the reclamation of our property under
the Constitution, after having'scaped from us?
Let us see what that honorable Senator [Mr. Sum-
ner] said:
" With me, sir, there is no alternative. Painfully con-
vinced of the unutterable wrongs and woes of slavery ;
profoundly helievmg that, according to the true spirit of the
Constitution and the sentiments of the fathers, it can find
no place under our national Government—that it is m
every lcspect sectional, and in no respect natw.ial— that it
is always and everywhere the creatnre and dependent of
the Slata, and never anywhere the creature or dependent
of the nation, and that the nation can never, by legislative
or other act, impart to it any support, under the Con,-titu-
tionofthe United States; with these conviction#! could
not allow this session to reach its close without making or
seizing an opportunity to declare myself openly against the
usurpation, injustice, arid cruelty, of the late nn.vHnienr by
Congress for the recovery of fugitive slaves,'' « ' -
" But, sir, this effort is impotent as tyrannical. The con-
victions of the heart cannot be repressed. The utterances
of conscience must be heard. They break forth with irre-
pressible might. As well attempt to check the tides of
ocean, the currents of the Mississippi, or the rushing waters
of Niagara. The discussion of slavery wiil proceed whore-
ever two or three are gathered together—l)y the fireside, oil
the highway, at the public meeting, in the church. The
movement against slavery is from the Everlasting Arm.
Even now it is gathering its forces, sooo to be confessed
everywhere. It may not yet he felt m the high places of
office and power; but all who can put their ears humbly to
the grotind wiil hear and comprehend its incessant and ad-
vancing tread."—Jlfpendix to Congressional Globe, first
session, Thirty-Second Congress, vol. 25, p. 1103.
There is an open, bold, manly declaration of
perpetual war against slavery. I ask, is not Mr.
Sumner entitled to consideration in this new
organization ? Is he not entitled to be heard, and
may he not speak ? And when he speaks, may
he not be regarded with consideration ? Bu% Mr.
President, I want the gentlemen of the Republican
party here to answer me a few questions, if they
please. Remember, now, that the whole platform
upon which this great contest has been waged
was the isolated question of the power to prohibit
slavery in the Territories. Let us read your
platform:
"We demand, first and foremost, the instant repeal of
the fugitive slave bill.
" We demand the abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia.
"We demand the exercise by Congress, in all Territories,
of its time-honored power to prohibit slavery.
"We demand of Congress to refuse to receive into the
Union any new slave State.
" We demand the abolition of the domestic slave trade
so far as it can be constitutionally reached; but particularly
on the high seas, under the national flag. And generally,
we demand from the Federal Government the exercise of
all Us constitutional power to relieve itself from responsi-
bility for slavery. And yet one thing further must tic done.
The slave power must be overturned, so that the Federal
Government may be put openly, actively, and perpetually
on the side of freedom."
Do you repudiate that platform? Are you
opposed to the repeal of the fugitive slave law ?
If so, speak out. Are you in favor of the intro-
duction of slave States into this Federal Union?
If so, answer. Are you opposed to the prohibi-
tion of the slave trade among the States? If so,
answer. Are you opposed to the abolition of
slavery in the District of Columbia? Now, gen-
tlemen, if any of you are'against these things,
speak out. Mark you, I have not given you the
author of that platform. I have read you a plat-
form. It is, first, the power and duty of Congress
to repeal the fugitive slave law; secondly, the
power of Congress to abolish slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; the power of Congress to pro-
hibit the internaLslave-trade among the States;
and the power otvongress to prohibit the intro-
duction of any slave State into the Union ? If
you are for these things, you Eire for more than
you professed the other day. These are the very
lines of which I have spoken. This is the very
stubble that surrounds the barn that you intend
to set fire to, with a perfect knowledge that the
barn itself must be burnt. Are you not all for
these things ? If you are, you are for everything
that can destroy slavery. I would prefer that
you should throw off all disguises, if you have
any, and march boldly up and attack that insti-
tution in its citadel. When you have accom-
plished these things the work will be almostdone.
1 think I know that your party indorsed all thpse
sentiments. They have advanced them, and I
have record upon record of it. The Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] will not tell me
that he is not in favor of repealing the fugitive
slave law, or that he is opposed to any one
thing I have named. You are for all these meas-
ures; and when you have enacted them the point
will have been rra^-d which the Senator from
Massachusetts [M^PVii.son] hoped for—when
the soil of the American Republic will not be pol-
luted by the tread of a slave. That you have
maintained these opinions is true; but I dieiaro
to you I think you ought to tell the country so.
You ought to let us know precisely what your
sentiments are, that we may know how much wo
can concede, and how much we will not concede,
and that, as gallant men, we may prepare to de-
fend ourselves as to what we arc not ready to "
concede.
I have read the declaration of principle laid
down by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Sumner,] not now in his seat. They arc not
repudiated by one of you. You will not attempt
to repudiate them, and this is all I have ever
