THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
charged you with. I never charged that you in- .
tewlfedor maintained the right of Congress, or
any x>ther power, to go and wrest from us slaves
in the South. I know you are too smart for that.
would not attempt to do it, because, in the
first place, it was wrong, and in the second place,
you knew you had not th& poweiTand could not
execute it. But I have always maintained that
these are the very measures for which you are
struggling; and when you shall have accomplished
these, I am free to admit you will have accom-
plished almost everything you require.
■ - The Senator from Maine says we are responsi-
ble for this agitation. When the last attempt
was made to repeal the fugitive slave law, what
was done ? I will read the record:
On motion by Mr. Sumner, to amend the bill by striking
out all after the enacting clause, and inserting:
" 1 That the act of Congress appioved September 18,1850,
Visually known as the fugitive-slave act, be and the same
is hereby repealed/
" It was determined In the negative—ye^as 9, nays 30.
" On motion by Mr. Sumner,
" The yeas and nays being desired by one fifth of the Sen-
ators present,
" Those who voted in the affirmative, are,
" Messrs. Brainerd, Cooper, Fessenden, Gillette, Seward,
Sumner, Wade, and Wilson."
Then, the honorable Senator from Maine was
particeps criminis in this agitation at that time.
He voted to repeal the fugitive slave law*, and if
that is not an agitation of the slavery question,
what could agitate it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to know whether
that was before or after the introduction of the
Kansas bill ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It was on the
23d of February, 1855. That is pretty late, I
think; it is almost down to this time, so that you
cannot get out of the charge. You commenced
the agitation before, and have continued it.
*£very session since I have been here an attempt
has been made to repeal the fugitive slave law;
and the Senator from Massachusetts, t think, in
his place, declared that he felt it to be his religious
duty to bring up that question for decision, as
long as he retained a seat on this floor.
The Senator from Maine goes further. He
says he is opposed to agitation, and wants noth-
ing but what is fair and just; he wants no violation
of the rights of the South; but when asked by
the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,]
whether he would vote here in his place for the
admission of Kansas, if she should present her-
self with a slave constitution fairly gotten up on
a full, fair, and honest expression of the opinions
of her people, the Senator said he would take his
position when the time came. He declined to an-
swer that question. That is the only point where
I think the Senator from Maine departed from his
usual character. Ordinarily, he is open, frank,
and even—if I may-be allowed to use the ex-
pression in no offensive term—daring. But, now
that this election is over, now that they do not
claim anything except the isolated power of pro-
hibiting slavery in the Territories, when the
Senator is asked, ts Will you vote to admit a slave
State, or will you vote to admit Kansas if she
comcs here with a slave constitution?" he says,
"I will vote one way or the other when the time
comes!" I will answer that question for the
Senator, if he will allow me to do so, in all kind-
ness. That Senator, in 1854, directly answered
substantially the same inquiry; and f cannot see
why he did not answer now, unless there be
some changc of tactics. I cannot see why Sen-
ators refuse to respond to a question whether
they are for the platform laid down by Mr. |
Sumner or not. But I do know what the Sen-'
ator from Maine said in 1854, and with his per-
mission I will read it:
"Territories are not States; and if this restriction is
repealed with regard to that Territory—it is not yet in the
Union, and you may be prepared to understand that, with
the assent of the tree States, jn my judgment, it never will
come into the Union, except with the exclusion of slavery,
ft may be that we shall be overborne, as we have been
before. I Know not how many people of the North will
yield to the cry of fraternity and concord, and all that sort
of sweet lullaby, winch has been sung in their ears so long.
I only know that if their rights are outraged in one partic-
ular, they must look to the next point. I speak to gentle-
men as they have spoken to northern men on this floor.
If the compromise of 1820 is to be annulled, if the Texas
compromise is to be considered unconstitutional, and go
for nothing, the time will come, ere long, when we shall be
called upon to act upon another question than this of the
mere organization of Territories. I speak for myself wjth
all frankness. Gentlemen have talked here of a dissolution
of the Union. We have heard that threat until we are
fatigued with the sound. We consider it now, let me say,
as mere brutum fulmen, noise, and nothing else. It pro-
duces not the slightest impression upon the thinking por-
tion of the public. You laugh at it yourselves."—•Appen-
dix to Congressional Globe, first session Thirty-Third Con-
gress, vol. 29, p. 323.
On the same occasion he said, by way of ex-
planation :
" ,What I meant to say was this: I said that this was not
the close of the question; that these States would be ap-
plying for admission, and that I, for one, would not agree
to admit a State without the slavery prohibition." -Ibid.,
p. 325.
Then the Senator from Maine stands pledged
by his solemn declarations made in 1854 not to
vote for the admission of Kansas as a slave
State. Is that no aggression ? Is it no agitation
to tell us that our rights under the Constitution
can find no response m the minds, hearts, judg-
ment, and actions of Senators ?
But the honorable Senator says this is not a
question between the North ana the South—not
a question between the slaveholders South and
the non-slaveholders North; but a question be-
tween the non-slaveholders throughout the Union
on the one hand, and the slaveholders on the
other; and he protests, in the name of the non-
slaveholders at the South as well as the North,
against the introduction of slavery into any of
the Territories. I admit the talents of that hon-
orable Senator, and his usual fairness; but I have
yet to learn that he has been delegated with au-
thority from my constituents to protest in their
name against any act of mine. I do not protest
in the name of his constituency against his
action. I voted for the Kansas-Nebraska bill.
I voted to allow the people to establish their in-
stitutions as they pleased. Ifthey choose slavery,
I say Amen; if they reject it, be it so. I think I
say it kindly and respectfully—that portion of
my constituents will regard it as a gratuitous be-
nevolence on his part to undertake to vindicate
or maintain their rights on this floor according
to his conception of what their rights are. I
think they are quite as competent to judge of
their rights as he is. Guided by their votes in
the election in November, I think they will be
found quite decided on the side directly opposed
to that honorable Senator, for I rejoice to know
that his candidate did not receive a solitary vote
in the State in which I live.
A word now in regard to the honorable Sena-
tor from Vermont, [Mr. Coi,lamer.] He always
speaks with great deliberation, great kindness,
and great courtesy. I should not say an unkind
word to him or any other Senator; but I must
be permitted to express my astonishment at one
thing said by the honorable Senator. He at-
tempted to transform his whole character. I
have read of the character of that gentleman
almost since I was a boy, for he is my senior;
and I have seen a good deal of him; and if he is
remarkable for anything, as I believe he is, he is
distinguished for the calm, quiet, cool delibera-
tion with which he approaches every subject,
and the plain, substantial, matter-of-fact manner
in which he deals with every subject. But I
confess that when that honorable Senator under-
took to lay down and write, out a southern decla-
ration of independence, he departed widely from
his character. When he undertook to lay down
what he imagined would be our declaration of
independence in the happening of a certain con-
tingency, which I trust in Heaven is never to be
realized, I think he made a mistake. When he
ceases to be the reasoner and logician, and essays
to become the dealer in fancy and romance and
rodomontade, he has greatly mistaken his vo-
cation. Is such a declaration of independence as
that which he drew up to go to the country un-
contradicted? Are his constituents to receive it as 1
truth ? Are they to believe that that is the sort
of declaration of independence which we should
make ? To suppose that, is to suppose the South I
is made up of a set of not only fools, but knaves— j
worse than knaves—arrant, heartless hypocrites, i
Let me say to the honorable Senator, if that con- I
tingency shall come, if you force upon us the '
necessity of separation, we shall be able to make 1
a declaration for ourselves; and we shall make, a !
truthful declaration of aggressions on your part; j
and when we are forced into it, if we shall be,— |
remember I say it to you kindly, not boastingly j
or fretfully—we will pen that declaration at the >
hazard of our lives, our fortunes, and our sacred
honors.
The honorable Senator from New Hampshire
[Mr. Hale] comes next in order. He has grown
tired of all this sort of thing; he thinks the time
has come when we ought to have peace. I am
very glad of it—very happy to h ear it. He wants
nothing in the wide world except the privilege of
prohibiting slavery in the 'Territories The hon-
orable Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bigler]
read a letter which went a little further,-and asked
the Senator from New Hampshire if it was his
letter? He said yes, and that it was a very good
letter. I was very much amused at the adroit-
ness with which the honorable Senator parried
that blow. When the letter was read I thought
they had him certain; but he met it in the only
manner in which he could have met it, by way of
palliation or relief.
Now, Mr. President, if I have had any particu-
lar reputation—t do not believe I have much, and
I do not care about it—it has been as a political
gladiator at home. I have been in a great many
close places, and I was reminded very much of
several of the close places that I have been caught
in, when I saw the Senator from New Hampshire
brought up with his letter. In all my experience
as a political gladiator, I have never been aware
of more than two modes of parrying a blow of
that kind. The Senator from New Hampshire
has inaugurated a third; he has elucidated anew
idea—a new system of tactics, for which the
country and myself are indebted to him. When
ypur competitor gets you in a close plaee, where*
there is no particular defense, no defense of rea-
son, no defense of argument, no defense of fact,
one of the usual modes has been either to get up
a laugh, and laugh out of it, and the other was
to get up a row, and fight out of it. [Laughter.]
That would have been my mode. But the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire has found out another
way. He did not laugh out of it; he did not
fight out of it; but he prayed and preached out
of it. [Laughter.] Did you ever hear such a
sermon as that which he delivered ? I almost
forgot that he was in the political arena, and
thought he was one of the "three thousand"
who was making us a splendid disquisitien on
the theological branch of the question. The Sen-
ator's adroitness reminds me of an anecdote—and
I cannot help telling it, because the Senate seems
to be in good humor. There was a man living in
the region of country represented by my friend
from Kentucky, about Madrid bend, and his
name was Sam Wilson.' He settled on the mar-
gin of the Mississippi river. He had to settle
upon high lands, near bottoms from ten to twenty
miles wide. The bottoms were filled with wilcl
hogs, which were considered a species of public
property that every man had a right to shoot,
but they did not have a right thereby to shoot
tame ones. Sam had a very large family, and
was known to entertain a mortal aversion to work.
Yet lie always lived well, and had plenty of meat.
It was inquired how Sam had always so much to
eat ? Nobody ever saw him work. He used to
hunt, and walk about, and he had plenty of bacon
constantly on hand. People began to suspect
that Sam was not only shooting wild hogs but
sometimes tame ones; so they watched him a
good deal to see whether they could not catch
him. Sam, however, was too smart for them, and
alwaysevaded,justasthe honorable Senatordoes.
Finally, old man Bailey was walking out one day
looking after his hogs at the edge of the bottom,
and he saw Sam going along quietly with his gun
on his shoulder. Presently Sam's rifle was fired.
Bailey walked on to the cane-brake, and he knew
he had a very fine h g there; and looking over
he found Sam in the act of drawing out his knife
to butcher it. Old man Bailey, slapping Sam on
the shoulder, said, " T havp caught you at last."
".Caughthell!" said Sam; " I will shootall your
biting hogs that come biting after me in this
way." [Laughter.] That is about the way the
Senator got out of his scrape. He would shoot
all the biting hogs in the woods; and if not, he
would preach himself out. I am sorry for that
sermon which he preached. If he has not pub-
lished it, I hope he will not do so. He went off
to maintain what he calls the higher Jaw.
I am no great theologian, and do not profess to
be; but I think that the honorable Senator ran
very far into the borders of sacrilege, inipiety,
