156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
and irreligion, and approached an utter prostra-
tion of all that can separate politics from religion.
You talk about a higher law controlling the actions
of men here under the Constitution. What do
you mean by that? Who is to be the judge of
that higher law ? -Your conscience? Your eon-
science is against slavery. Then, according to
your assumption, your higher-law conscience
would justify you in taking my negro from me.
I believe in a'higher law in morals and religion;
bat I believe in no higher political law than the
Constitution which I have sworn to defend and
maintain. When you attempt to establish a law
above the Constitution for your guidance here,
you are at sea, and there is no sacred right under
the Constitution that is safe from the touch of
depredators. What sort of logic is that to go to
the country—that a man sent here for a political
purpose, to transact the affairs of the country
under the forms of the Constitution and under
the solemnities of an oath, may substitute for
them his conceptions of a higher obligation than
the -Constitution? There is no safety in this
country, there can be no protection for the rights
Of persons and property, if the mere opinions of
the perverted consciences of men are allowed
to establish a law higher than the Constitution
under which they live. That sort of law would
bring us all down to mere dependencies on our
own consciences or caprices. The honorable
Senator says his object is not to dispossess us of
our rights of property, and he does not claim the
power to abolish slavery in the States.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President J did not suppose
it would be necessary for me to say unothei word
about the higher law; but 1 want to put a question
to the Senator. If there ever does come a CUse—
and he will not contend that it is impossible—
where ihe clearest convictions of a man's under-
standing teach lum that the law of God does
require him to disobey an act of the temporal
Government under which he lives; or, in other
words, if the temporal Government requires one
Jftiing, and the law of God, as he understands it,
requires another, which must he obey ?
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. In the first place,
X apprehend that 110 such thing can arise; and,
in the next plaee, 1 can tell the honorable Senator
—aild that will-answer him directly—if a ques-
tion should come here requiring my position to
be taken, and I had that conscientious conviction
to which he alludes, and it conflicted with what
-I believed lo be the Constitution, 1 would not
perjure myself, but would resign and go home,
and let some man with a more easy conscience
take my place.
Mr. HALE. That does not meet the question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It does.
Mr. HALE. Not in the slightest,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would not do
that which I had sworn not to do. If my con-
science suggested that 1 had taken an oath which
I could not observe, I should endeavor to release
myself from that oath by resigning my place.
What would you do? Would you perjure your-
self, or go one way or the other?
Mr. HALE, Mr. President, I hardly expected
this controversy to arise this morning. It is a
little too plain either for the declamation or as-
sumption of the Senator. I put this question to
him: If the law of the land requires one thing,
and according to his conscientious convictions,
the law of God requires another, which would he
obey ? He says such a thing can can never occur.
Why, sir, I am a little astonished at thatdecklra-
tion; but then he goes on, and instead of answering
that question, puts a ease confined to a particular
Senator here, sworn to support the Constitution.
That is not the question atall. Whenever a case
arises in which I cannot support the Constitu-
tion under my convictions of it, and my oath to
sustain it, I will resign. That is another point,
and it is just as wide of my question, as it is who
owned the hog that his hero shot. I put a ques-
tion to him, and I paused for a reply. He does
not answer, except simply by saying that such a
case cannot exist.
Mr. JONE&, of Tennessee. I think I answered
the question of the honorable Senator as plainly
as I could—-certainly satisfactory to myself. I
did not expect to satisfy him. To endeavor to do 1.
so would be a fruitless undertaking. He puts
this question: suppose a conflict should come up
in my own mind' as to ray obligation to this
higher law of God, and my duty here as a public
man?
Mr. HALE. No, sir.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If it does not
mean that, it does not mean anything.
Mr. HALE. I thought the Senator did not
understand it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Make it plain.
Mr. HALE. I did not put the question as to
the discharge of duty on this floor by the sixty
men who hold places here. I putit to the Sena-
tor as a general proposition, and I will illustrate
it now, as I could not make him understand it
before. Here is a private individual, a citizen; a
fugitive slave comes to his door. The law of the
land forbids him to harbor that slave—or rather,
what purports to be the law. I will give the
Senator all the credit and all the argument he. can
get out of my saying that I do not consider it to
be law, and will not obey it. I have always said
so here and evefywhere. I consider it a reproach
to the civilization of the age, and a parody on the
Constitution—that is my private opinion—and
the oath which I have taken to support the Con-
stitution compels me to disobey that law. That,
however, is not the question which I put to the
Senator. I put the case of a private citizen,
where the law of the land requires one course,
and the law of God requires another. I am not
asking now for light as to how a Senator shall
discharge his duty, but how are the great body of
citizens to act ? Here is a simple question. The
law of the land requires one thing, and, as the
citizen reads the law of God, it compels him to
disobey that requirement—you may call it his
private conscience if you choose; to which shall
he listen ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Senator has
changed the position entirely.
Mr. HALE. Not in the slightest.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then there was
nonsense in what you were talking the other day.
Mr. HALE. Perhaps there was.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It strikes me so.
You maintained the other day that there was a
higher law which ought to govern the actions of
men. The honorable Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Cass] then took precisely the same view
which I take of it; and you made no response to
him. He said you were basing the actions of
men on the assumption that there was a law above
the Constitution—a higher law of God; and if
the honorable Senator will read the report of his
remarks he will find that what he said means that
or nothing.
Mr. HALE. I say that now.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. Then you applied
it to the action of men here ?
Mr. 1IALE. I did not so apply it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Why bring it
here, if it has 110 application to us and our action ?
Now let me come tojhe question of the Senator.
He says he would not aid in the execution of the
fugitive slave law. Why? Because his con-
science dictates to him that it is wrong.
Mr. HALE. I did not say that. I do not
wish to be misrepresented, and I know the Sen-
ator does not mean to misrepresent me. I did
not say any such thing as he represents.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is the fugitive
slave law right?
Mr. HALE. I said nothing about my con-
scientious convictions. I said that I believed my
oath to the Constitution required me to disobey
that law, because I thought the law itself was a
parody on the Constitution, and a reproach to
the civilization of the age. I believe as a lawyer
—I stake whatever reputation I may have as a
lawyer upon it —that the act is not worth the
paper on which it is written; that it is binding and
obligatory on 110 man's conscience. I have al-
ways told my people so, and always will.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. The Senatorfrom
New Hampshire says he believes the law to be
violative of the Constitution of the United States,
and, therefore, not obligatory upon him. Now, '
let me ask that Senator, does he not know that 1
that lnw has been decided to be constitutional by '
divers of the. tribunals of this country' ■
Mr. HALE. Yes. j
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. And does not the
Senator recognize the courts of this country as
proper to decide such questions, and are not their
decisions obligatory on the citizen ? Does he not
admit that?
Mr. HALE. That is a pretty broad question.
I want to think 011 it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. You cannot an-
swer it.
Mr. I^ALE. Yes I can, if you will give me
time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I want to know
whether the Senator does not believe and admit
that the Constitution requires that the fugitive
slave shall be surrendered to his owner 011 appli-
cation? Then, if you admit that the Constitution
does require that a fugitive from labor shall be
surrendered to his owner on application, how can
you reconcile it with your conscience to refuse to
surrender him ? I want to ask another question.
Mr. HALE. Let me begin to answer some of
the questions already put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have two or
three more, but the Senator can begin to answer.
Mr. HALE. I will take the first one. The
Senator wants to know if I do not recognize the
binding authority of the decisions of the courts of
this country. That is the form in which the
question is put. It is pretty broad. I do recog-
nize the decisions of some courts, and the decis-
ions of others I do not recognize.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. Whatdoyousay
in regard to the Supreme Court ?
Mr. HALE. The Supreme Court has made
no decisions upon this question; but I hold upon
that subject exactly the same doctrine which
General jackson held; and if the Senator wishes
to get my views, he will obtain them by reading
Jackson. I was censured thiee or four times for
speaking disparagingly of the Supreme Court of
the United States, and their decisions. The hon-
orable Senatorfrom South Carolina [Mr. Butlek]
administered censure, tempered with kindness to
be sure; but he took especial pains to administer
censure to me for it. The honorable Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] however, who is not
present, said—and it will be found in his printed
speeches—that, as a depositarjr of the jurisdiction
to settle rights between individuals, he believed
the Supreme Court to be a fit tribunal; but he
had not much confidence in its decisions on po-
litical questions. I believe exactly so; except
that, instead of " not much confidence," I should
say " no confidence."
The honorable Senator from Tennessee next
asks me if I do not believe in the obligations, of
the Constitution to return fugitives from labor.
I do believe in it just exactly in the form of the
Constitution; that is, I believe we are bound by
the Constitution to return individuals held to
service under the law of the State from which
they escape. The term " held," as used in that
clause, is a technical word. I believe that before
you can invoke that provision of the Constitution
to your aid, you must establish it as you do
every other claim for which you invoke the
assistance of the law; you must make out that
the alleged fugitive is one " held to service"
under the law of a State, which is a technical
term, and must be settled by the judgment of a
court. I believe that, under the Constitution of
the United States, when you have cone into anv
one of the States and established tins claim, anil
shown that the persftn claimed is one " held"
under law, you have then a light to the remedy
which the Constitution gives you; but that does
not authorize you to play the grab-eame as the
present fugitive slave act does. It does not author-
ize you to take away the jurisdiction which the
Constitution of the United States says, for the
security of the citizen, shall he lodgfd in a judi-
ciary appointed by the President and confirmed
by the Senate; not a set of ten-doliar commis-
sioners, appointed without the responsibility of
the President, without the responsibility of the
Senate, and who are bound to an honest and im-
partial discharge of their duty by being paid five
dollars wheirthey decide in favor of freedom, and
ten dollars when they decide, m favor of slavery.
For that reason, and a great many others, I
believe that the fugitive slave law has no hold
upon the conscience, that it is entitled to no con-
sideration, and that every man who has sworn
to support the Constitution haa sworn to oppose
that law.
