1856.
Tmm CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.
157
Mr: JONES, of Tennessee. This is not the
first time that I have seen gentlemen shielding
themselves under the great name of Andrew
Jackson; it is not the first time I have seen small
-military men strutting themselves out in the old
hero's coat and feathers; but I have never seen
one of them able to wear them. The gentleman
undertakes to shield himself under what he as-
sumes to be the opinions of General Jackson. I
suppose he alludes to the celebrated declaration
of General Jackson, that he obeyed the Constitu-
tion as he understood it.
Mr. HALE. Yes.
■ Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That does not
meet the question -which I propounded to the
Senator. I asked him whether he did not recog-
nize the right of the people of the South to reclaim
their slaves under the Constitution ? He does not
answer that inquiry. He goes off on a techni-
cality about the phrase " held to service or labor,"
and makes an excuse upon that term, to avoid
the issue. What he means by the technicality
involved in "held to labor," I cannot tell, unless
he means thereby, that the slave must be in the
actual possession of his owner. That cannot be,
because then he would not be a slave escaped.
The Constitution requires that he shall be sur-
rendered, and the law declares how the proof
shall be made, and when it has been made, the
right of the owner is complete. The courts, so
far as they have adjudicated the matter, with a
single exception I believe, have declared that law
to be constitutional. The Senator says it is un-
constitutional and not obligatory upon him. He
foes further; he thinks that every man here who
as sworn to support the Constitution has sworn
not to support that law. God forbid that he
should be my judge. That is your higher law;
that is the law of your conscience, and your
opinion, by which you undertake to control the
action of a majority of the Senate, and to require
them, in violation of the plain requirements of the
Constitution, to oppose the execution of the
fugitive slave law.
Mr. President, I know that I am trespassing
on the Senate, but I have another point with the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire. He
says he hopes and thinks the time is past when
any Senator on this floor, having proper self-
respect, will assume to talk about the aggressions
of the North on the South. Iam sometimes in
the habit of talking in that way, and I do not
think I have lost any of my self-respect, or respcct
for the decent opinions of the world, by so doing;
but the Senator says it is preposterous and absurd
to talk about the aggressions of tho North upon
the Soutk; there have been, in his language, no
such aggressions. Now, I should like to know
what that honorable Senator means by aggression.
X cannot tell what he means by it. Certainly,
I mean by aggressions on the South just such
speeches as 1 have heard that Senator make, just
such speeches aa I have heard other Senators
make, just such declarations as arc constantly
teeming from the press of the country of the
party to which ho belongs. That is no aggres-
sion ! I suppose the honorable Senator docs not
regard anything as an aggression which does not
lay hold of us violently to dispossess us of our
rights of property. What do you mean by
aggression ? When you forced the South, under
the act of 1820, either to see Missouri kept out
of the Confederacy, and the Union dissolved, or
the South forced to submit to the surrender of her
• equal participation in the common Territories of
the country, was that no aggression? You say
the South did that act. The South submitted to
it. She had either to do that, or undergo the
dangers of a dissolution of the Union, and you
avail yourselves of her patriotism, and then turn
round ar.d say the South did it, and it was no
aggression on her rights!
Again, after we acquired the territory which
•we won from Mexico by the gallantry of our
armies—territory purchased by the treasure and
blood of the whole country—and we as .ted for a
division of it between the North and the South,
you northern men voted it down every time it
was proposed; thereby refusing to permit us to
enjoy equally with you the common territory
purchased by the blood of our brothers and our
sons. Was that no aggression ?
Again, under certain influences—I do not apply
the remark to Senators here—our slaves are con-
stantly taken from us, and passed into the free
States. When they are apprehended, and at-
tempted to be restored under the law—which you
yourselves say you will not obey—which you
tread under foot—which you do not regard an
hour—opposition is made. Our property is taken
from us by the hundreds, and by the thousands;
but the.Senator does not consider that an aggres-
sion ! Our property is taken from us; and when
we attempt to reclaim it under the Constitution,
we are resisted in the exercise of that right. And
this is no aggression! When your State Legis-
latures pass laws nullifying the act of Congress,
which, so far as it has been tested, has been de-
clared to be constitutional, that is no aggression
on the South! Here let me read a passage from
a speech recently made in the House of Repre-
sentatives; and I ask the Senator whether this be
aggression or not?
" I never saw a panting fugitive flying from bondage that
I did not pray God most earnestly to speed him in his flight,
and to enable lnm to make good Ills escape. The whole
sympathy of my nature is at once enlisted in his behalf. I
always feel anxious that he may escape from the crushing
power under which he has been borne down. And yet
the President assumes to lecture me because I choose to
obey God rather than ium."
That is your higher law.
" Why, sir, gentlemen may listen while I tell them that
I have seen at one time nine fugitives dining m my own
house—fathers, mothers, husbands, wives, and children,
fleemg for their liberty ; and, in bpite of the President's
censure, I obeyed the Divine mandate to feed the hungry
and clothe the naked. I fed them. I clothed them. 1 gave
them money for their journey, and sent them on their way.
Was that treason? If so, make the most of it."
I put the question to the Senator, was that
aggression — was that your higher law? And
would the Senator respond to that sentiment?
Does he hold that it is avirtue and an obligation
higher than the Constitution, to aid the slave in
making his cscape from his master ? If so, let
him answer. The Senator will not answer.
Mr. HALE. Oh, yes 1 will.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I want a categor-
ical answer. Do you believe it is consonant with
the principles of honor, justice, and the Consti-
tution, to aid a fugitive slave in making his
escape from his master?
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, the Senator takes
issue with me because I said that in my judgment
— I did not lay it down as a rule for anybody
else's judgment—a man could not stand here and
talk about northern aggression. The Senator
from Tennessee meets that by saying that he
means speeches, such as I and others have made
on this floor. If that be the meaning, I confess
it is a new definition of the word to me. I did
not have it in my mind. If that be the meaning, I
certainly could say that I had been aggressed on
by tho South as much as any individual here. I
believe aggressions have been committed on me
quite as alarming as any committed on any per-
son of whom I know. I did not suppose that if
a solitary individual from New Hampshire should
go into Tennessee and steal a horse, that would
be a northern aggression oil the rights of the
South; nor did 1 suppose that if an individual
from a southern State came into New Hampshire
and committed any violation of our laws, that
would be an aggression of the South upon the
North. I did not suppose that individual acts
could characterize whole latitudes of country;
and I did not suppose that that Senator, or any-
body else, when speaking of northern aggres-
sion, meant the harmless wind that is let off here
in speeches.
Eut, sir, if that is it, and if that is all the ag-
gression that has been made upon them except
the individual cases to which the Senator alludes,
I think he will not only fail in creating any sym-
pathy at the North, but he will utterly fail in
creating any at the South, in behalf of that class
so much aggressed upon. I did suppose he meant
something widely different.
He has taken me to task for the expression of
my opinion in that letter to which he has alluded.
I was confirmed in the propriety of the letter, in
the position which I took in it, and the construc-
tion I gave to it, when I read what I did a few
days ago; but it may be corrected—I have only
seen the telegraphic report. I did happen to see
that a very distinguished gentleman from one of
the southern States in the Southern Convention,_
assembled at Savannah, expressed exactly the"
same sentiment in that convention which I
expressed in my letter. Mr. Pike, of Arkansas,
on a motion introduced to take some action about
the' opening of* the slave trade, was opposed to
taking any such action, and in the conclusion of
his remarks, as they are given by the telegraphic
report, wound- up by the expression of opinion
that the time would come when universal liberty-
should be the law, andslavery should cease.
The honorable Senator puts to me a categor-
ical question. I do not know that I can answer
it any better than by relating an incident which
occurred at the National Hotel in this city. I
hope the Senator will remember it—to which he
and I were the parties. The Senator, much in
the way he has done now, very forcibly, wanted
to ask me a single question, and he put this ques-
tion very much as he has now. I answered him.
He asked me if I thought it was wrong—he.put
it very seriously—to help a fugitive to escape, or
something to that amount, or if it was morally
wrong—I do not remember the exact form, but the
substance was whether J- thought it was wrong
to help them away. I told him, as he appealed
to me very candidly, he should have a candid
answer; and as he gave me a solemn question
I wouldgivehim a solemn answer. I said "No."
He wanted to put another question to me, but I
said, No—you have put a question, and now I will
put one to you: " Is there a slave in your State
to-day who has not the right, the moral right, to
escape?" Said the Senator, " I do not know that
I understand exactly what you mean by moral
right." " Well," said I, " I will tell you what
I do mean. I do not mean a right under the law
of Tennessee, but I mean under the great law
of manhood, as conferred by God, is there a slave
in your State of Tennessee who has not the right
to escape?" Shall I give the answer ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes; go on.
Mr. HALE. The Senator said: " I am not
prepared to say that there is a human being on
the face of the globe that has not the right to
better his condition if he can." [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not object to
that illustration. I do not remember the conver-
sation, but I presume the Senator does. I said
nothing, even in that, which I would retract. I
do not remember it, nor do I recollect how it oc-
curred; but one thing I do remember now, that
the Senator has answered my question, and he
admits that the slave has a right to escape. Now
the question I asked him was, would he aid that
slave in making his escape? You see how adroit
he is. He says that the negro has a right to es-
cape; but-that is not what I asked. Here is a
man, one of your party, one of the leaders of the
Black Republican party, [Mr. Giddings,] who
congratulates himself and boasts before the world
that he has had nine fugitive slaves at a time in
his own house, in his own dining-room, feasting
at his own table, and that he clothed them, and
helped them, and bade them God speed. My
question was, whether the Senator from New
Hampshire indorsed the morality of that, and
whether he found shelter and protection for it
under the higher law? I was attempting to reach
the danger of that higher law which would war-
rant a man in stealing the property of his neighbor.
The Senator goes on to say, that he does not
know that the stealing^ a horse by a man who
goes through Tennessee ought to be taken as an
aggression. I did not say that, but I will take
the horse case. Suppose a man steals your
horses, and comes into Tennessee, and instead
of arresting him and secuiing your property, I
give him money, and say God speed. What
would you think of that? You require us to
protoct your property when it comes into our
jurisdiction; and yet when ourproperty is found
in yours, under your higher law you find a
sanction for aiding in its escape from the owner.
T'here is no evading this question. There is no
difference under the Constitution between the
property in the two cases. I might illustrate by
taking the State of 'Ohio. There, under your
higher law, under the construction you give to
the®constitutional powers of the States, if i go
into Ohio with my property, it is rescued at once
and transported beyond my reach. Such instances
have happened.' There is a trade to the amount
of more than a million of dollars annually, between
the city of Cincingjjtti and the city in which I live.
People come there from Ohio with their boats,
their horses, and every variety of property.
