158
THE CONGRESSINOAL GLOBE.
December 18,
"Would your morality justify us in appropriating
that property to our use, or transporting it out ot
the-possession and beyond the reach and power
and jurisdiction of the right owner? That is a
question of honesty, a^question of fairness, a
'question of integrity, a question of constitutional
righ t.
Mr. President, I have trespassed on the Senate
longer than I desired. 'I have but one-remark to
make to these gentlemen in conclusion. I beg
that they will deal frankly with us, and state pre-
cisely what they demand and what they require
of us, in order that we may know. If they are
prepared now to say, and will say, that they
stand fairly on the declaration made on this floor
at the present session, then this controversy is
nearly at an end./lf you demand nothing more
than you have asserted here, nothing more than
the power to prohibit or abolish slavery in the
Territories, great as that wrong would be, in my
judgment, to us, yet if the courts decide that you
have such a power, we are prepared to submit to
that decision; and if you ask nothing more, we
are to have peace on this question. Will you
stand by that? If you will, I ask you to come
forward and repudiate these other offensive doc-
trines and opinions which have been propagated
to the world, whether true or false. You must
answer, because, when I have called on you, one
after another, to tell me whether you repudiated
them, you have failed to do it,
I thank the Senate for thei? attention.
Mr. HARLAN. I have the books before me,
and I wish to call the attention of the Senator
from Tennessee to my extracts from Mr. Clay.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no doubt
about them.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator says he has no
doubt as to the accuracy of my readings. Then
I have no desire to read from the books them-
selves.
Mr. WILSON obtained the floor.
Mr. BROWN. Before I entered the Chamber
this morning an order was made that, when the
Senate adjourns to-day, it should be to meet on
Monday next. It is manifest that this discussion
is to go on. The Senator from Massachusetts
is already upon the floor. If wo adjourn until
Monday, it will be simply a postponement of the
question until that time. Really, I can see no sort
of propriety in wasting to-morrow and the next
day, and consuming t^ie next week with this kind
of debate, and thus postponing its conclusion
from day to day until we throw it into the short
hours ol the session. I am free to say that I have
a speech on this subject myself which I mean
,to make. I would prefer to make it to-morrow,
because I desire not to waste the precious time
of the Senate in delivering my views here; but,
after what has been said 011 all sides, I fee) called
upon to address my views to my own constit-
uency upon this question. I mean to do it. The
Senate, by postponing the debate from day to
day, may, if they choose, postpone me until
after the holidays, but still they cannot prevent
me from making my speech. I happen to know
that there are other gentlemen in the same con-
dition—half a dozen of them. Why waste time?
Why not meet to-morrow? I understand that the
Senator from Massachusetts, who has the floor,
would prefer to go on to-morrow, and I should
like to follow him to-morrow, or, at furthest, the
next day. With a view to i^rmit this debate to
go 011 immediately—a debate which cannot be
postponed by these adjournments, and which
ought not to be postponed in the present state of
the question if you could do it—I move to recon-
sider the order made this morning for an adjourn-
ment until Monday.
Mr. HALE. If it can be done with the under-
standing that no other business will be taken up
to-morrow, it will be a judicious move.
Mr. BROWN. Of course there will be no
other business. The Senator from Massachusetts
can come and make his speech; and I will speak
whether Senators listen or not.
_ Mr. WILSON. I believe this is the third
time the floor has been assigned to me, and I have
twice yielded to other Senators who were ex-
ceedingly anxious at that particular moment to
go on. I am willing to proceed to-day, although
it is so late that I think Senators-would hardly
like to remain here. I should be glad to have the
question go over until to-morrow; and I am sure
the Senator from Mississippi and^ myself can
closc our speeches to-morrow. With the under-
standing that no other business is to be done,
Senators need not attend here unless they choose
to do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) Strictly, I suppose the business
before the Senate must be postponed, before any
other motion can be entertained.
Mr. BROWN. I move to reconsider the vote
on the order for the adjournment over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is busi-
ness before the Senate which must be disposed
of before the Senator's motion can be put—the
motion to refer the President's message.
Mr. BROWN. Then I move, with the per-
mission of the Senator from Massachusetts, to
postpone the further consideration of that ques-
tion until to-morrow, with a view of following
that up with a motion to reconsider the order for
adjournmertt until Monday.
The motion was agreed to; and thefurther con-
sideration of the subject was accordingly post-
poned to, and made the special order for, to
morrow, at twelve o'clock.
Mr. BROWN. I now move to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate agreed that when they
adjourned to-day, it should be to meet on Monday
next.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the original motion, that when the
Senate adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Monday
next.
The motion was rejected.
Mr. HALE. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-morrow, it be to meet on Monday
next. I make the motion now, because, if there
shall not be a majority here to-morrow, the
motion cannot then be made.
Mr. BROWJJ. We had better leave that until
to-morrow.
Mr. HALE. We cannot do it to-morrow. I
will state the reasons why I make the motion.
If to-morrow the Senators who shall be here be
less than a quorum, they cannot agree to adjourn
over.
Mr. BROWN. Suppose they do not, what
great harm will be done by our sitting on Satur-
day >
Mr. Hale's motion was agreed to—ayes twen-
ty-five, noes not counted.
On motion of Mr. JAMES, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 18, 185G.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of State, stating"
that J. C. Rives, of this city, has stereotyped the
Diplomatic Correspondence of the Revolution,
an edition of one thousand copies of which was
printed, in twelve volumes, by order of Congress,
in 1829; that the printer of this document pro-
poses to condense the said document into six vol-
umes; and recommending that an appropriation
I be made to purchase five hundred copies for dis-
tribution by the State Department.
Mr. NICHOLS. I think this communication
should go to the Committee on the Library. It
relates to the ordering of additional books by the
Government, and it has been usual to refer such
communications to the Committee on the Li-
brary.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We refer to the
Committee on the Library communications for
furnishing books for the Library, but this relates
to books for the State Department, to be distrib-
uted mostly among foreign Governments. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. 0
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Treasury Department,
stating that the estimates for the expenses of
of Nebraska were made up from
those of last year, 110 communication having
been received from the Governor of the Territory
at the time the annual estimates of the Treasury
Department were submitted to Congress; and
recommending an additional appropriation of
$3,000, made necessary in consequence of nine
new members having been added to the Legisla-
tive Assembly of that Territory; which com-
munication was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the same Depart-
ment, transmitting, in accordance with law, a
detailed statement of the accounts remaining un-
settled for more than three years in the offices of
the Second, Third, and Fourth Auditors of the
Treasury, and of the Register of the Treasury;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
MRS. AGATHA O'BRIEN.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to what I
conceive to be a question of privilege. The Sen-
ate have eent back a bill (S. No. 203) for the
relief of Mrs. Agatha O'Brien, widow of Brevet
Major J. P. J. O'Brien, late of the United States
Army,with the request that there be a conference
of the two Houses on the disagreeing votes on
that bill. I move that the House further insist
on its amendment, and agree to the committee of
conference asked on the part of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BARKSDALEr I ask the unanimous
consent of the House for leave to introduce a
bill for reference only.
Mr. HARLAN. I object, and call for the reg-
ular order of business.
IOWA CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I present addi-
tional evidence in the case of R. L. B. Clark,
contesting the seat of A. Hall, a Representative
from Iowa, in this House.
The papers were referred to the Committee of
Elections; and ordered to be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I rise to make what I con-
sider to be a very reasonable request. Before the
adjournment of the last session, I tried, for two
months, to get the floor for the purpose of intro-
ducing a bill which has been strongly recom-
mended by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, but failed to do so. I move now
that a half hour be set apart for the reception of
bills and resolutions for reference only.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am anxious that we
should have the privilege of a half hour or an
hour for the reception of bills and resolutions;
but I object to the words in the agreement, " for
reference only." I want the House to decide at
the time whether or not they shall pass or refer
bills as they are introduced.
Mr. ORR. I object to the understanding, if
it is intended to act on bills as they are intro-
duced.
Mr. SANDIDGE. Then let the agreement be
the reception of bills and resolutions for reference
only.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to that. ^
PRINTING OF PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. NICHOLS. I desire to make a report
from the Committee on Printing. I am instructed
by the majority of that committee to report the
following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed, for the ot the mem-
bers of this House, eighteen thoiwim! Imi.<1.>*<i cnj-.c- of
the annual o: the Prp=i<i.-nt. r with th- .ac-
companying document*; and that two hundred Additional
copies of the wiid me«a;rc mid doeuun-nt-1>" prmti'd :ir.d
furnished to each ot tho SeerPtane- of > -i,v, U ai. X;i\ v,
the tif.'n-ury. and Tim Jiilr-noi Itt partrtK otn, t h' Attorney
Geneia!, and Po.-Jtina^t^J^fiH'ia!.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Fi.4GLr.ii]
is in favor of prmtinga less number. The report
is a majority report." I call far the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded; anil the
main question was ordered to be put; ami being
put, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. NICHOLS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon U10
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbuiu Djckins, their Secretary, informing the
