160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19.
Mr.McMULLIN. I hope the House will vote
" CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I withdraw the
demand temporarily, for the purpose of saying
that" to-morrow and Saturday are, under our
rules, devoted to the consideration of private
business, and this discussion cannot go on. On
Monday, motions to suspend the rules are in
order, and ^it is impossible for the gentleman
from Virginia, or any other member, to be heard
upon this question before Tuesday. I renew my
de.mand for the previous question.
" The House was being divided upon the demand
for the prevfeus question; when
Mr. Cx\MPBELL,of Ohio, demanded tellers,
and subsequently moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. STEPHENS. Who has the floor upon
this question ?
The SPEAKER. No one.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I claim the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I raise the ques-
tion, as a point of order, that the gentleman from
Georgia cannot take the floor pending the motion
to adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to; and the House accordingly (at three
o clock and thirty-five minutes) adjourned until
to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 19, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILL STONED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the en-
rolled bill (S. No. 243) for the relief of George K.
McGtmiieglc, surviving partner of the late firnj
of Hill & McGunnegte, of St. Louis, Missouri.
PETITIONS.
Mr. JAMES presented the petition of John
Mitchell, a United States pensioner, for an in-
crease of pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of the children
and heirs-at-law of John Allen, for indemnity for
property destroyed by toriesin the Revolutionary
War, and remuneration for the suffering of their
(father, who was imprisoned for his adherence to
the cause of the patriots; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. CASS presented papers in relation to the
claim of John P. Brown to compensation for ser-
vices as charge d'affaires ad interim at Constan-
tinople; which wore referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
JOHN P. BROWN.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to;
Resolved, That tlio Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to inquire into, and report upon, tlie claim of
John P. Brown, principal intorpictor of ihe Turkish lan-
guage to ttio United States legation at Constantinople, for
compensation for sei vices performed by him as charge
d'affaires ai interim to tiie Ottoman Government in the
years 1838, 1H39, 1852.1853, and 1554; and aJsonipon his
claim to eompensation'for the performance of judicial ser-
vices under the act of Congress of August 11, 1848, while
acting as charge d'affaires ad interim to said Government
in the yeais 1853,1853, and 1854, as per the -stated accounts
of said John P. JJrown, herewith referred.
MRS. AGATHA O'BRIEN. .
A mess ige from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ccllom, its Clerk, announced that the
House insisted on its amendment to the bill (S.
No. 20.3) for the relief of Mrs. Agatha O'Brien,
widow of Brevet Major J. P. J. O^'Brien, late of
the United States Army, disagreed to by the
Senate, and agreed to the conference asked by the
Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses,
and had appointed Messrs. Jones of Tennessee,
Sapp, and Haven, as conferees on theirpart. The
committee on the part of the Senate consists of
Messrs. WellSr, Clay, and Foot.
JOHN FERGUSON..
On motion of Mr. WELLER, the bill (S. No.
431) for the relief of John Ferguson and others,
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to author-
ize the Postmaster General to remit the peiAlty
charged against John Ferguson, of San Fran-
cisco, California, and his guarantors, for failure to
enter into obligation and perform the service on
mail route No. 12500, between San Francisco and
Sacramento, in California, according to his pro-
posal of February 2, 1854, and accepted by the
Postmaster General April 22f 1854.
Mr. WELLER. I will state to the Senate the -
purport of the bill in a very few words. John
Ferguson made a bid to transport the mails from
the city of San Francisco to the city of Sacra-
mento, at $15,000 per annum. There was but
one other bid, and that was $40,000 per annum.
After the bid had been made and accepted, the
parties bidding §40,000 formed a combination by
which they got possession of all the steamboats
plying between these two points-—in other words,
they monopolized, and do to this day, the whole
trade on that river. John Ferguson offered to
transfer his bid to that company for $15,000, but
they refused to take it at that sum. Subsequently,
they agreed to take the contract, and it was relet
to them at $25,000; and one consequence produced
by the bid which was made by Ferguson, is that
the Governmentsaves §15,OOOper annum, making
$60,000 in four years. The Postmaster General
in a letter states these facts, and recommends the
passage of the bill.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I thought
the understanding yesterday distinctly was, that
only two speeches were to be made here to-day
by two gentlemen, and that no other business
was to be done.
Mr. WELLER. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky will allow the letter of the Postmaster
General to be read, I shall then let the bill go over
if there be any objection, or if he is not perfectly
satisfied of its justice. It is the only instance, I
believe, that has come under my'observation,
where the Postmaster General has recommended
such a bill to be passed.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Bost Office Department, •August 1, 1856.
Sir : I have the honor of informing you, m answer to
your note of yesterday, in reference to the memorial of
John Ferguson, failing bidder on route No. 12500, San Fran-
cisco to {Sacramento city, Cahfoipia, that the service was
advertised uwlci date of October 13,1&33, foi propo&als for
a contiaet to go into operation on the Kt of July, 1854, and
run lour yeais. Two bidaweie received for the route-
one trorn 8. J. Hcnsley at $40,000 per annum, and the other
from Mr. Ferguson at $15,000. Accordingly, on the 22d of
April, 1854,1 acceptcd Mr. F.'s bid. „
He wiote me, on the 16th of June following, that a rich
and powerful steamboat company had been organized,
subsequently to the sending of his proposal, whose design
was to drive off from the Sacramento river the boats owned
by individuals plymg thereon, and that their efforts bid fair
to be buccessful: lurthei, that he bad offered this* monop-
olizing association the rate of his accepted bid to carry the
jimils l'oi him, which offer they had not accepted. He stated,
further, his determination to use every effort for carrying
into execution the stipulations of his acceptcd bid that
could be looked for by tbe Government from an honorable
man.
lie failed, however, to put the route m operation, in con-
sequence ot winch J had to relet it to the steamboat com-
pany alluded to. They have received for their service
$25,000 per annum since the 1st of July, 1854. Their con-
tract extends to the 1st of July, 1858.
Agieeably to the requirement's of law in such cases, my
order reletting the service directed to charge Mr. F. and
his guarantors with the damages arising from his failure.
The Auditor has not yet instituted suit, but it will be his
duty to do so unless Congress pass an act for their relief.
My belief is, that but for his bid I should have been com-
pelled either to pay the larger sum of $40,000 per annum,
which I considered extravagant, or to have left the people
without mail facilities. X believe him, too, to have acted
in good laith, and that he was prevented from putting the
route m operation by the combination which uus formed.
Under these circumstances f cheerfully advise that his
prayer for relief be granted.
Veiy lespectfuily, your obedient seivant,
JAMEH CAMPBELL,
Podmasiar General.
Hon. D. L. Yulee, United Stales Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed. "
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
motion of Mr. Rusk to refer so much of the Pres-
ident's message as relates to foreign affairs to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. WILSON addressed the Senate for two
hours and twenty minutes. His speech will be
published in the Appendix.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, if I consulted
my own feelings or my own convenience at this
late hour of the day, 1 should not commence a
speech upon this question, I can scarcely ex-
pect a weary Senate to listen to me after three
o'clock; but I am not disposed to consume the
precious time of this body in uttering anything
which I have to say here. This is a leisure day
dedicated to this outside issue—this issue which
is outside of all the legislation that we are called
upon to perform. Because I do not choose to
trench on more preciou3 time, if it please the
Senate that I shall do so, I will proceed now.
Mr. PUGH. I think the Senate will be will-
ing to hear the honorable Senator on Monday;
and I suggest to him whether his own conveni-
ence would not be promoted by postponing the
debate till Monday,
Mr. BROWN. I would very much rather con-
sult the convenience of the Senate. I am ready
to proceed now, or willing to go on upon Monday.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Which do you
prefer ?
Mr. BROWN. Of course I would prefer, un-
der all the circumstances, to speak on Monday;
but I fear that I cannot speak on that day, be-
cause a special order has already been made for it,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I will make
amotion that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BROWN. I would prefer_ to have the
question postponed to a day certain, if I am to
give way, with the understanding that when that
day comes I am not to be interfered with in the
delivery of my views. There is a special order
for Monday, and one for Tuesday, but 1 believe
there is none for Wednesday.
Mr. HALE. This subject, being a special
order, will have precedence on Monday as the
unfinished business, if we now adjourn.
Mr. BROWN. If that be the understanding,
I should prefer that course; and on Monday morn-
ing, after the Senate dispatches the usual morning
business, I hope it will not be considered improper
or impertinent for me to proceed with my remarks.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned to Monday.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 19, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMITTEE OP CONFERENCE.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Jones, of
Tennessee, Sapp, and Haven as managers of the
conference, on the part of the House, upon the
disagreeing vote of the two Houses upon the bill
(S. No. 203) for the relief of Agatha O'Brien,
widow of Brevet Major J. P. J. O'Brien, late of
the United States Army.
The SPEAKER announced that the first busi-
ness in order was the reception of reports from
committees on private bills.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LA'NE, by unanimous consent, and pur-
suant to previous notice, introduced the follow-
ing bills and joint resolution; which were scyfir-
ally read a first and second time, and referrals
indicated below:
A bill providing for the payment of the awards
of the commissioners appointed under the third
article of the treaty of the 10th of September,
3853, with the Ptogue river Indians, in the Terri-
tories of Oregon and Washington. Referred to
the Committee on Territories.
Joint resolution authorizing the accounting
officers of the Treasury to allow and audit the
accounts of Asahel Bush, territorial printer, for
printing the statutes of Oregon of 1853 and 1654.
Referred to the Committee on Territories,
A hill authorizing the settlement of the accounts
of the clerks of the United States courts.m Ore-
gon and Washington Territories. Referred to
the Committee on Territories.
A bill for extending the land laws east of tha
Cascade Mountains in Oregon and Washington
Territories. Referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
A bill for the relief of J son Wheeler. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
A bill for the relief of Greene McDonald.
Referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
A til! authorizing the settlement of the account
of Frank S. Holland, late postmaster at Oregon
City, Oregon. Referred to the Committee on tho
Post Office and Post Roads.
