THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
./Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1856.
New Series JSTo. 11.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
AgBDRt Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed an act (S. No
431) for the relief of John Ferguson and others;
also, that they had passed a resolution (H. R
No. 11) for the purchase of Dr. Kane's forth-
coming work on Arctic explorations, and for the
presentation of medals to Dr. Kane, his officers
and men, with an amendment, in which bill and
amendment he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. GROW. I desire that the House shall
now set apart the usual time for the consideration
of territorial business; and I would suggest three
days from the second Tuesday of January.
Air. HOUSTON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, that the second Tues-
day of January is sooner than those territorial
lulls can be prgoared for action. It is important
that the bills should not only be reported, but
frinted. I would suggest the third Tuesday of
anuary.
Mr. GROW. I am not particular as to the
time, and 1 accept the gentleman's suggestion.
No objection being made, three days from
and including the third Tuesday of January
next were then sot apart for the consideration of
territorial business.
TEXAS CREDITORS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. A resolution
came yesterday from the Senate having reference
to the Texas claims. It is important that the
House should Jjct upon it, if at all, before the
1st of January. I ask that it may be taken from
the Speaker's table, and referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. SHORTER. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will say to the
gentleman from Alabama that he is doing man-
ifest injustice to the most meritorious class of
these claimants by interposing any objection to
the immediate passage of this resolution.
Mr. SHORTER. [ will say to the gentleman
that there is a bill upon the Speaker's table
equally meritorious, which I have tried repeatedly
to have taken up; and the last time I made the
effort it was objected to by the gentleman from
Tennessee himself.
Mi. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. HOUSTON. I presume that it is the in-
tention of the House to take up and refer those
bills upon the Speaker's table at some time. I
would suggest that they be taken up now, and
that such as are not to be put on their passage be
referred. In that way we can reach both the bill
indicated by the gentleman from Ohio and that
by my colleague.
Mr.. CLINGMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports of pri-
vate business.
The standing committees of the House were
then called for reports.
Mr. GIDDINGS, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back the petition-of.Mahomet
Habbet, for the heirs of Caramalli E. Bashaw,
of Tripoli, praying for remuneration for m#tary
services in the expedition, under General Eaton,
against Jusuf Bashaw, usurper of the throne and
regency of Tripoli; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. LETCHER, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, a bill (C. C. No. 14) for the relief of Thomas
Rhodes and Jeremiah Austili; which was referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania, from the same
committee, reported back, with a recommenda-
11
tion that it do pass, Senate bill (No. 408) for the
relief of Joseph D. Beers, of the city of New
York; which was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr J,, from the same committee, reported the
following resolaticn; which was read, considered,
and adopted;
Resolved t That the Clerk of this House obtain for the use
of the Committee of Claims one copy of Devereux's Digest
of the opinions of the Court of Claims; also a copy of Cur-
tis's and Aldcn's Index of the Decisions of the Su-
preme Court.
Mr. COMINS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill for the relief of the fishing
schooner Uncle Amasa; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. THORINGTON asked consent to intro-
duce,for reference only, the following resolution:
Resolved, That executive document No. 262, Twenty-
Fifth Congress, fii>t session, published in conformity
with a resolution of this House, passed the 6th of April,
1840, as published in executive document No. 49. be repub-
lished, and a'sufficient number thereof punted to furnish
copies to the several hbrauesof Oongicss, the different De-
partments, and one copy to each member of Congiehs.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, objected.
Mr. HORTON, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, Reported back the
memorial of the Boston Lake Superior Mineral
Land Company; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SANDIDGE, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of the inhabitants of
the parish of Ascension, State ofLouisiana; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr, FAULKNER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill increasing the
pension of Daniel Denver; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. Q.UITMAN, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, an act (S. No. 423) for the relief of Kath-
arine M. Hamer, widow o£ the late General
Thomas L. Hamer; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RUPFINTON, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill for the relief of Benjamin W.
Smithson; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DICKSON, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Eli
Darling; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. THURSTON, from the Committee on
Accounts, reported adversely on the memorial in
the case of John L.Wirt; which report was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House an act (S. No. 447)for the relief
of Garman, Wigle & Henford; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. EUSTIS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to introduce a bill making
an appropriation for the improvement of Milne-
burg harbor, on Lake Pontchartrain, in the State
of Louisiana, for reference only.
Mr. CARLXLE. I object to the introduction
of any bill out of the regular order. I have a
bill which I wish to introduce, but cannot.
Mr. GIDDINGS. 1 move that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
not press his motion to go into committee until
we have taken up and referred the bills from the
Senate which are upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. GIDDINGS. This day is set apart for
the'eonsideration of private bills; and as there
are no more reports to be made of a private char-
acter, I think that the House otight to resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole House oil
the Brivate Calendar.
The SPEAKER. To take up and refer the
bills on the Speaker's table, will not occupy more
than fifteen minutes.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then I withdraw my objec-
tion. 1
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
Committee of Ways and Means be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition and
papers in the case of B. S. Pope, which were im-
properly referred to that committee, and that they
be referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
REFERENCE OP SENATE BILLS AND RESO-
LUTIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House an act
(S. No. 330) for the relief of certain actual set-
tlers and cultivators, who purchased lands subject
to graduation within the limits of the Choctaw
cession of 1830, at a less rate than the true grad-
uated price, under the "Act to graduate and re-
duce the price of the public lands to actual settlers
and cultivators," approved the 4th of August,
1854, and for other purposes; which was lead a.
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, an act (S. No. 318) to authorize the in-
vestigation and determination of asserted titles
to the Hot Springs of the Ouachita, in the State
of Arkansas; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I move that it be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. GREENWOOD. There is a question
whether this bill, instead of going to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, ought not to go to the
Committee on the Judiciary. It provides that
the claimants of the Hot Springs of Arkansas
shall assert their rights in the district courts of
the United States. I move that it be so referred.
The motion to refer to the Committee on the
Judiciary was disagreed to; and the bill was then
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
resolution (S. No. 25) for the relief of the sugar
planters of the State of Louisiana; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. EUSTIS. I hope that this resolution will
be immediately put on its passage.
Several Members. No! let the resolution be
referred.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the resolution be
referred to the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. TAYLOR. I hope the resolution will not
be referred, but put on its passage at this time.
Mr. LETCHER. What does the resolution
relate to.;
Mr. HOUSTON. If gentlemen do not wish
the resolution to be referred, let it be passed over
and stand as.one of the bills not taken up.
Mr. EUSTIS If the resolution he read there
will be no objection to its passage at this time.
It can give rise to no debate.
The resolution was read.
Mr. EUSTIS. The passage of the resolution
is strongly recommended by the Secretary of the
Tre^ury. If It be not passed, let it go at all
events to the Committee on Commerce. But I do
not believe there will be objection to its passage.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I object. •
The resolution was then referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
The following bills and resolutions ffom the .
Senate were then severally taken from the Speak-
er's table, read a first and second time, and re-
ferred as indicated below:
An act (No. 178) respecting the harboring of
deserters from the military service, and to protect
the public interest in regard to the enlistment and
discharge of minors. Referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
A resolution (No. 33) to enable the Secretary *
of State to pay certain clerks in the Department
of State the same compensation which has been
paid to clerks of the same grade in the other
