THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
163
of: the treaty with the Creek and Seminole In-
dians of 16th August, 1856. Referred to- the
■ Committee of Ways and Means.
'' An act (Np. 431) for the relief of John Fer-
guson and others. Referred to the Committee
pf* Claims.
~ "A resolution (No. 44) granting further time to
the creditors of Texas to present their claims,
tad for other purposes.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope that res-
olution will be put upon its passage. I am sure
there can be no objection to it.
Mr. RITCHIE. I object.
The resolution was relerred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I understand from the
Clerk that Senate bill (No. 318) to authorize the
investigation and determination of asserted titles
to the Hot Springs of the Ouachita, in the State
of Arkansas, has been referred to the Committee
on Public Lands. Now, while I have the utmost
confidence in that committee, I beg leave to say
that the bill involves important legal questions,
and ought, for that reason,to go to the Committee
on the Judiciary. If there be no objection, I move
that it be so referred.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I have no objection
to that reference.
The motion for a change of reference was agreed
to, and the bill sent to the Committee on the
Judiciary. *
BILLS REPORTED.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, an act (S. No. 409) forthe relief of Thomas
M. Newell; which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. T. also, from the same committee,reported
a bill for the relief of Isaac Swain; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
orinted.
PROPOSITION TO ADJOURN OVER.
Mr. KEITT. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
,ihe negative—yeas 69, nays 108; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Barbour, Barksdale, Henry Ben-
nett, lioeock, Bowie, Bovec, Brooks, Broom, James II.
Campbell, Lewis I). Campbell, Curutliers, Bayard Claike,
Howell Cobb, Crawford, Cullen, Cumback, Davidson,
Henry Winter Davis, Jacob C, Davis, Timothy Davis,
Denver, Dick, Edwards, Elliott, Eustis, Evans, Foster,
J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Herbert, George
Vf. Jones, Keitt, King, Lake, Lctcher, Mace, Maxwell,
MeCartv, MeMullin, McQueen, Killian Miller, Smith
Miller, Milhvard, Moore, Morrison, Nichols, Norton, Mur-
■dee.ii Oliver, I'oelc, Phelps, Quitman, Ready, Ritchie, Itiv-
crj, Robi.--On, Rufiin, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, Stephens, Swope, Talbott, Thurston, Underwood,
Vail, Wamei, Wheeler, and Whitney—09.
NAYS—Messrs. Akeis, Albright, Allison, Ball, Ilentlley
£3. Bennett, Benson, Bilh^liurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss,
Bradsliaw, Brenton, Buffinton, Burnett, Cadvvalader, John
P. Campbell, Carltle, Caskie, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Cling-
man, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Comins, Covode,
Cox, Damrell, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dickson, Dodd, Dow-
dell, Ediiiundsori, Faulkner, Fiagler, Florence, Giddirigs,
<3dheit, Goode, Granger,Greenwood, Grow, Augustus Hall,
Robert B. Hall, Italian, Haven, Hodges, Hoffman, Hollo-
way, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Houston,
Howard, IIughston, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kelsey, Knapp,
ICniglit, Knowlton, Knox, Letter, Samuel S. Marshall,
Matteson. Millson, Morgan, Morrill, Murray, Pame, Parker,
Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Purvxance, Puiyear, Rieaud,
Robbms, Roberts, Rust, Sabin, Sandidge, Sapp, Scott,
William It. Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan,
Tappan, Taylor, Thorington, Todd, Valk, Wade, Wake-
man, VValbriilgo. Waldron, Welch, Wells, Williams, Wins-
low, Wood, Woodruff, Woodwortll, John V. Wright, and
Zoliicoffei—108.
So the House refused to adjourn over. ^
Mr. GIDDINGS moved that the House'Rolve
itseif into a Committee of the "Whole on the Pri-
vate Calendar.
' The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
* Committee of the Whole House on the Private
"Calendar, (Mr. BococKin the chair.)
JOSEPH RICHARDS.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the first bill
before the Committee for consideration was a bill
' (1:1. R, No. 225) for the relief of Joseph Rich-
ards, of Berks county, Pennsylvania.
The bill directs the Commissioner of Pensions
to cause to be issued to and in the name of Joseph
Richards, devisee and legal representative of
Henry Hutchison, deceased, late a private in
company B, fourth regiment of United States
artillery, a land warrant in lieu of a warrant
issued the 2Jth of May, 1848, in the name of the
said Henry Hutchison, for one hundred and sixty
acres, and numbered 16596, which warrant was
issued subsequent to the death of Henry Hutch-
ison; and further, that he require Joseph Rich-
ards to, deliver to him, to be canceled, the said
warrant, and the same to be duly canceled before
another warrant shall be issued in lieu thereof,
in the name of Joseph Richards as devisee and
legal representative aforesaid: Provided, however,
That before a warrant shall be issued, satisfac-
tory proof shall be filed in the office of the Com-
missioner of Pensions that Joseph Richards is
justly and legally entitled to have and receive
the warrant as devisee and representative of
Henry Hutchison, deceased.
The report was read. It appears by the peti-
tion of the applicant, and affidavits of disinter-
ested witnesses, that the deceased Henry Hutch-
ison was a foundling, and was taken by the peti-
tioner (Joseph Richards) when an infant, and
supported by him until ho arrived at the years
of manhood, at which time Hutchison enlisted
and served through the Mexican war; after the
expiration of which, the deceased returned to the
house of the petitioner, broken in health, where
he remained till he died. Before the death of
Hutchison, he made an application for a land
warrant for one hundred and sixty acres of land,
which was granted by the proper officer, but not
issued until after the death of Hutchison; and
the same was devised by the last will and testa-
ment of Hutchison to Joseph Richards, with
whom he lived and died. The petitioner being
a poor man, and the expense of transferring land
warrants, under the forms (m such eases) pre-
scribed by theactof Congress being considerable,
a bill is reported for his relief.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know who reported
this bill, but it seems to me that some explana-
tion is required beyond what is shown m the
report.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. The explana-
tion given in the report is so simple and clear that
nothing I could say would add to or explain it, the
simple fact being that Hutchison served during
the Mexican war as a soldier; was wounded,
returned from the war to my county, and made
application to the Pension Office for his bounty
land under the law. He proved the facts conclu-
sively, and it was passed at the Pension Office
without a doubt. He was prostrated by sick-
ness, and having nothing to pay the expenses of
his sickness, or even of his board, he made his
last will and testament, and gave to Mr. Richards,
at whose house he died, that land warrant. The
warrant was passed by the Pension Office, but
was passed in the name of Hutchison; and this
bill is merely intended to carry that will into
effect, and give that bounty land to Mr. Richards.
Mr. LETCHER. I would like to inquire of
my friend from Pennsylvania why, if the com-
mittee agreed to pass this case, they did not in-
troduce a general bill covering all such cases ?
There are many cases of this sort. I know of
one myself where a land warrant was willed in
the same way, and I have no doubt there are
other cases. It seems to me that if a bill of this
kind ought to pass in regard to one case, it would
be better to pass a general bill, covering all cases
of a like character.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. My reply is,
that we should take care of the case in hand; that
we should do one thing at a time. I have no
objection to a general law. We all knqw that it
has been the practice of this House to pass special
acts granting registers to vessels, andithas always
been the opinion of this House that there should
be a general law passed for that purpose; yet who
ever was heard to object to one meritorious case
because there was no general law to cover all
such cases? I will concede that a general law is
right; but is that any reason why this case, cov-
ered all over with merits, should not pass ? Let
this pass, and then I will say to the gentleman
from Virginia, that I will cooperate with htm in
the passage of a general law. This*case was
presented on the petition of an individual, and the
committee could not, with propriety, frame a gen-
eral law upon such a petition. This'case' came
up last session—and it has been pending seven
years—and was objected to by the gentleman
from Virginia |Mr. McMdllin] merely because
it was not a general law. Well, if we come to
the point that Congress.refuses to do justice to
an individual because they are not going to do
justice to all mankind, injustice will continue to-
be done to individuals until such a general bill is
Mr. LETCHER. I think the gentleman's
conclusion is clearly a non sequitur. It itf jijst
as easy to pass a law to cover all similar cases as
to pass this law; and by passing a general law,
all parties will he placed upon the same footing.
But the gentleman will see that if this case passes
now, there may not be an opportunity to intro-
duce a general bill which will place all parties
occupying the same position in the same condi-
tion. A friend behind me is preparing an amend-
ment to make the bill general in its operation,
which I will offer in a moment or two.
Mr. McMULLIN. By the leave of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, I will say that I be-
lieve that I objected to this bill at the lastsession.
I am satisfied now tp withdraw that objection to
the bill, and shall vote for this case, either ill an
individual bill, or in a general bill. I am free to
say that, in my judgment, the bill ought to be
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I am in favor
of a general bill, and will vote for it; but I ask
the House not to withhold justice from this indi-
vidual because a general bill is not passed. Let
the amendment be offered now, and both of them
bo passed together.
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall.ebjcct to tlie amend-
ment 'proposed, as 
Mr. KEITT. I rise to a question of order. I
call the gentleman to order, and the point I make
is, that the gentleman voted against the motion
to adjourn over until Monday in order to facili-
tate business, and now he is obstructing -it.
[Laughter.] . •
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman does not
desire to hear me, he is not obliged to remain in
the House. I object to a general law of this char-
acter as much as to a special law, because it is,
[ in my opinion, an innovation upon all the rules
rtvhieh have governed the issuance of land war-
rants from the beginning of that system to the
present time. 1 understand this case to be of this
character: a soldier, who was doubtless a meri-
torious man, died before a warrant was issued,
and therefore there is no question about the fact
that there was no legal title in him, because his
death deprived him and his heirs, as the papers
now show, of any right to the land warrant. Of
course, the right either failed to vest in anybody,
or it vested in his heirs. If he has any heirs liv-
ing, who, under the provisions of law, might apply
for this warrant, we have no right to legislate
their title or their rights away to any other man.
But if there be no person who, under the bounty
land law, is entitled to receive such warrant, then
of course no warrant is due to any one. But,
because this soldier owed debts, and owed debts
that ought to be paid if it were possible to pay
them, and because he was a meritorious man and
good soldier, and therefore entitled to the favor-
able regard of all of us, is that any reason why
; we should take this indirect mode of appropri-
i ating money to pay his debts?
I Djiw, Mr. Chairman, I ask you — I ask the
I geiiBman from Pennsylvania—to point out the
jl difference between voting money to the amount
| J of the value of the warrant to this Mr. Richards,
• with whom this man boarded, and voting him
the land warrant? There is no law authorizing
!j either; there is no justice in either; there is no
i' claim for either. You have just the same right
] to vote money as to vote the warrant. Richards
' has a claim against the estate of the deceased sol-
1 dier; but there are no assets out of which it can
• i be paid; and now it is proposed that we shall step
in and furnish assets to that estate, or ratbel- that
!i we shall give this property to Richards, which
'! will pay Ms debt, simply because the soldier
served his country faithfully, and .was not so
j! fortunate as to obtain his warrant during his life.
;! Mr. RITCHIE. I rise to a point of order in
,] reference to the amendment proposed by the gen-
ii tleman from Virginia. The gentleman proposes
