104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
to amend this private bill by substituting a gen-
eral bill. This being private bill day, 1 submit
that it is not in order to submit a general bill m
the form of an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment of the
gentleman from Virginia to be out of order. If
a general bill had been reported, it would have
had to go to the Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I had no
special objection to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Virginia, though I will not say that I
am prepared to advocate a general law such as
he has indicated. I wish now that the committee
shall confine itself to the particular case on the
Calendar. Now, sir, in reply to the gentleman
from Alabama, I will say that I do not ask Congress
to give one dollar to my constituents or to any one
else. I do not recognize the right of this body
to make any such bounty. What I ask in this
particular case is, that when a claim is presented
founded upon principles of equity ana justice,
but wanting the legal forms to carry out that
justice, you shall furnish the necessary legal
forms for that purpose. This man served his
country faithfully; and the Department, without
a moment's hesitation, decided that the warrant
should be issued. If it had been issued before
his death, it would have gone, under his will, to
Richards. It is then a matter of equity and justice
that Richards should receive the land warrant
which would have been issued, and would now
be issued but for a mere legal technicality which
it is now aslted to remove.
Mr. HOUSTON. The argument which I
intended to make was upon the law of the case.
I then said, and I now say, that there are no
principles of law upon which this claim can be
established. There are thousands of cases which
will be likely to come before us if the precedent is
established, as strong,and inallhuman probability
stronger, than that presented by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. Under the Jaw last passed,
this warrant, if issued, must go first to the sol-
dier, and ultimately to his minor children, if he
be not living. Now, sir, I know of many cases
under that provision of law, where a party was
entitled to a warrant, but died before the warrant
was issued, and his children, because they were
over the ago of twenty-one, cannot get the war-
rant.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. The gentleman
from Alabama bases his whole argument upon the
ground that he will not do justice to a particular
claimant, because we cannot do general justice.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is not correct. This
may be a very meritorious case. Since my first
femarks were made, a feature of this case has been
called to my attention which makes it stronger
tliairi first thought it was. I understand, though
the report does not state so specifically, that
Hutchison was a member of the family of Mr.
Richards from his infancy.
A Member. That is not so.
Mr. HOUSTON. If that be not so, then the
favorable feature of the case I was about to pre-
sent has no existence. What I was going on to
saywasthis: The fact that Hutchison was raised
almost as a son by Richards, would make the case
a strong one. Though it would be in conflict
with the law which governs the issuance of war-
rants, yet it would cteate a stronger equity in
Richards's behalf. The objection 1 have to this
case is this: If you pass this bill you single out
1855 provided for land warrants for those who
had served long before their passage, and^ there-
fore made a gratuity. The law under which the
soldier who served in the Mexican war is enti-
tled to his land warrant, was passed before the
service was rendered. The warrant was a part
of the consideration promised to be paid to liim
for enlisting in the United States service during
that war; and it is as much a part of his pay as
the regular monthly pay.
The law also provides that if the soldier die
before receiving his warrant, and shall leave
neither widow nor surviving children, hisfather
shall be entitled to the warrant. How is this
case in this respect? It appears that the soldier,
Hutchison, was a foundling, taken by Richards
and raised by him. He always lived at Richards's
house, and returned there after the war, to the
only house in the world, perhaps, that he could
call home, and to the only person he could look
to as a father. Mr. Richards was his foster-
father, and upon principles of justice is entitled
to this warrant. I think that the warrant ought
to be issued to him, not so much because it was
devised to him by Hutchison, but because of the
relation which had uniformly existed between
them. Under the law that where there was no
widow or surviving children, the father should
receive the warrant, he is clearly entitled to what
is provided for by this pending bill. I think that
the report shows that Richards is entitled to the
warrant as much as a father would be entitled to
it. I move that the bill be laid aside to be reported
to the House with a recommendation that it do
pass.
The motion was agreed to.
SAMUEL R. THURSTON.
A bill (H. R. No. 254) for the relief of the
heirs of the late Samuel R. Thurston, Delegate
from Oregon.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to allow and pay to the legal
representative of Samuel R. Thurston, late Del-
egate from Oregon, for the benefit of his heirs,
the difference between the pay he has already
received for mileage, and that now allowed to,
and received by, the present Delegate.
From the report it appears that, by the act
organizing the said Territory, which was passed
in 1848, the mileage of the Delegate was limited
to $2,500. Under this act Mr. Thurston was
electei Delegate, and during his term in 1850,
Congress, in legislating upon the same question,
allowed mileage to the members from California
and the Delegate from Oregon "by the most
usually traveled route within the limits of the
United States." And by the act of 1852, there is
a direct repeal of the limitation of the general
mileage law as contained in the act of 1848. Mr.
Thurston was allowed mileage at both sessions
of the Thirty-First Congress by the overland
route to the Pacific: all other members have been
allowed by the route which they actually traveled,
and which all were obliged to travel; and thus
Mr. Thurston received but little more than one
half the sum which each of those who came
under the same laws, lived on the same coast,
and traveled the same route, were allowed and
received.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It seems to me
that this bill is improper. Mr. Thurston was
elected Delegate, came here as such, and received
j his per diem and mileage under the law as it then
, , - , , o - i! existed. Subsequently the law was changed, and
a case and make an mroad on the provisions of ji more mileage was allowed to Delegates! Repre-
law as they exist and have been enforced upon j: sentatives, and Senators, from the Pacific coast
others. Ihere are, I have no doubt, many other !j than was allowed under the law which existed at
cases stronger than this one which have been set- ji the time Mr. Thurston was elected and served,
tied by the principles of the law as it exists, and jj Now, because the law was subsequently altered,
A/Tr mt™ "f ^ception m t'us casc" , l< and a« increased compensation given to those
Mr JONES, of Tennessee. It appears that || who came from the Pacific coast afterwards, this !
?£'.• £ULCh,f0D-,Was a foundling, and taken by j! bill is reported to go back and give the same in-1
' creased compensation to that Delegate, or to his :
r""' ' ' " ' 1
Mr. Richards when an infant, and supported by
him until he arrived at years of manhood. Mr.
Hutchison then enlisted, and served through the
Mexican war. At the expiration of that war he
returned to Mr. Richards's house broken in health,
where he remained until he died. Before his
death he applied for a land warrant. Under the
laW> ^ was Clearly entitled to a warrant for one
hundred and sixty acrcs. The law under which
lie was so entitled differs materially from the
Ims of 1850 and 1855. The laws of 1850 and
j family, as was subsequently paid to others.
! think it is wrong in principle.
Mr. SNEED. My colleague is under a mis-
apprehension as to the facts. The report is not
such as is represented by my colleague. The
report contains as simple a statement of facts as
,can The facts, however, are simply
these:^ There are three different laws which the
committee held were operative upon the subject
of tha mileage of the Delegate from Oregon at
the time Mr. Thurston served—first, the law es-
tablishing the Territory of Oregon; second, the
general mileage law as applicable to all the dele-
gates and members from the Pacific coast; and
third, the act of 1853, (I believe that is the date,)
repealing that clause in the law applicable alone
to members and delegates from the Pacific coast,
which required their mileage to be computed by
a route within the United States. All three of
these laws existed at the time the mileage was
paid to this Delegate. As to every othec member
from the Pacific coast, they were allowed mileage
by the usual route. As to this Delegate, the
computation was made on the basis of the act of
1850, which limited the mileage to the most
usually traveled route within the United States.
The committee held that, by virtue of the direct
repeal of the clause of limitation, as well as by
the inoperative effect of that restriction in the
general law, Mr. Thurston was entitled to have
the same mileage which was allowed to other
Representatives and Delegates from the Pacific.
He came here under the same law and about
the same time as they did, and a different con-
struction was given in regard to their mileage.
They got what is now asked for the representa-
tives of Mr. Thurston.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I recollect that
when the present Delegate from Oregon came
here, the law of limitation was repealed, and lie
received pay by the route generally traveled, under
the general mileage law.
Mr. STANTON. I would inquire whether
there were any other members from the Pacific
coast at the time Mr. Thurston's service was ren-
dered and mileage computed >
Mr. SNEED. My recollection is that there
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Thurston was a mem-
ber of the Thirty-First Congress, and I am not
aware that there were any other members from
the Pacific coast at that time. I do not under-
stand the gentleman from Tennessee as denying
that Mr. Thurston received all the mileage lie was
entitled to under the law which provided that hi3
mileage should be computed by a route within the
United States. Under that law he received, at
each session, $3,454, making $6,900 during the
Congress. But under the subsequentlaw repeal-
ing that restrictive clause as to the manner of com-
puting mileage, other members from the Pacific
coast have received mileage upon a different prin-
ciple, and to a much larger amount. It is now
proposed that, in this case, that subsequent law
shall have a retrospective operation, and shall be
applied to a Delegate who received his mileage
under the law as it was then in force, and that las
mileage shall be computed according to a law
passed subsequent to his services.
Now, if I understand the principle, it is pre-
cisely the same as if a bill were introduced pro-
posing to grant to members of the last Congress,
or to their widows and heirs, the increased com-
pensation which the laws of the last session gives
to members of the present Congress. There is cer-
tainly no legal right which can be set up for this
increased mileage. If there is, there is no need
for a special law to entitle Mr. Thurston's repre-
sentatives to it. Is there even a strong equity m
favor of a Delegate who has received §3,450 for
each Congress for his mileage? I submit that,
to give to a law regulating the compensation of
members a retrospective operation, would be to
establish a principle which ought not to be toler-
ated, and a precedent which ought not to be set.
Mr. MILLSON. I would ask the gentleman
from Tennessee for information, whether (here
was not some law limiting the mileage of the
Delegate from Oregon to a minimum sum :
Mr. HAVEN. The repeal of the. clause a3 to
the manner of computing mileage was limited to
Oregon alone.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire an answer to my
question, because I have an impression that there
was a law limiting the mileage of the Delegate
froji Oregon to some minimum amount—perhaps
$2,500.
Mr. SNEED. I take no special interest in this
matter, and have not recurred to the subject since
I made the report last session. That the data
contained in the report are accurate, I know, for
I examined them at that time. In answer to the
inquiry of the gentleman from Virginia, I will
say that my recollection is that, in the act e«uib-
