1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
lishing the Territory of Oregon, the mileage of
the Delegate from that Territory was limited to
$>,500, and that the report so states upon its face,
and under that act Mr. Thurston was elected.
He came here, however, and took his seat in the
same Congress at which California was admitted
into the tjnion as a State, and during which her
Representatives and Senators were admitted to
seats upon this floor and in the other wing of the
Capitol, and the members from California and
the Delegate from Oregon were entitled to be paid
the same mileage for that same Congress. The
law passed during that Congress in 1850, was
equally applicable to the members from California
fiS it was to the Delegate from Oregon.
The first law, that is the act of 1848, establish-
ing the Territory of Oregon, in which that restric-
tion of mileage to §2,500 was contained, was ap-
plicable only to the Delegate from Oregon. The
Delegate from Oregon came here first and served
during the session of 1849-'50, and the Repre-
sentatives from California were subsequently
admitted during the second session of the same
Congress. At that session and during the term
for which the Delegate from Oregon was elected,
the entire law in respect to the mileage of the
Delegates and members from the Pacific coast,
was changed; and the purport of that change was
that they should be paid mileage by the most
usually traveled route within the limits of the
United States. As to the Senators at least from
California, that law was construed to repeal the
limitation of §2,500 which previously-existed, as
to the members from the Pacific coast, and it was
further construed to be inoperative in its restrict-
ive features.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman is mis-
taken in supposing that the law of 1848 restricted
the mileage of others besides the Delegate from
Oregon. There was nobody else here from the
Pacific coast, in 1848, except the Delegate from
Oregon.
Mr. SNEED. I think I am not mistaken. If
gentlemen will go to the record, they will find that
the data given in the report on this case are cor-
rect, for I examined the history of the case with
some care when this report was made up. But
I desire, before I yield the floor, to reply to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton.] This
committee have not recommended the payment
of this mileage on account of any subsequent act.
If the gentleman will take the trouble to read the
report, he will find that the committee deem the
words " within the limits of the United States,"
in the general law, applicable to members and
delegates from the Pacific coast, to be inoperative
and void. It could not have been intended by
Congress, we thought, to compel the Delegate
from the Pacific coast to travel across the plains,
through country infested by hostile Indians,
where he would require a caravan to accompany
him, or an escort of troops to protect him. They
therefore held that this restriction was inoperative.
They also held, as the report will show, that the
subsequent act repealing this restriction was in-
operative and void, and a mere act of surplusage.
The gentleman from Oregon is here, and can
state, from his personal knowledge, whether I
have not cited the facts correctly.
Mr. STANTON. Did not the Delegate at
that time travel by the overland route?
Mr. SNEED. I do not know.
Mr. STANTON. Does the gentleman know,
in point of fact, whether this Delegate made more
than one journey from Oregon during the Con-
gress.? He could not have done so; for the first
session of that Congress, as the gentleman will
remember, lasted until November.
Mr. SNEED I know nothing about that fact.
Mr. MILLSON. I obtained the floor not to
discuss this claim, but merely to elicit informa-
tion in respect to it. I now yield to the gentle-
man from New York to read the law to which
he referred.
Mr. HAVEN. I have not before me the law
organizing the Territory of Oregon, which I sup-
Eose fixed the mileage of the Delegate; but I
ave the law repealing the restriction to which
the gentleman has alluded, and it is in these
words:
" That so much of the act entitled an act to establish the
territorial government of Oregon, approved August, 1848,
as limits the compensation and mileage of the Delegate
from that Territory, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.,,
Mr. SNEED. I find, upon examination of
the report, that all these then laws are quoted in
it. I know that I had them before me when I
framed the report, and they are copied in it.
- Mr. MILLSON. I have said that I have risen
merely to obtain information upon this subject.
I know that this limitation was made at the time
the Territory was organized, and my recollec-
tion is that it continued in force until after the
present Delegate from that Territory took his
seat here. I will ask my friend, the present
Delegate from Oregon, whether the limitation of
$2,500 was not in force when he first took his
seat as the representative of that Territory upon
this floor?
Mr. LANE. That was the law when I arrived
here. The mileage of the Delegate from Oregon
was restricted to $2,500. Upon my arrival here,
Congress had the kindness—and they did right—
to take off that restriction. ^The Delegate who
preceded me here, who is referred to in this bill,
returned from this city by the Isthmus of Panama,
and died while on his way home. His family
have never received any portion of his mileage,
or any of his effects, of any value. The object
of this bill is to give the children of this man,
and to their mother, who is now teaching school
to support and educate them, the difference be-
tween the mileage which he received, and that
which I rcceivc.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman inform
me under what law the Delegate from Oregon
was paid ? Mr. Thurston was certainly paid
more than $2,500 mileage.
Mr. LANE. I am glad the gentleman called
my attention to the fact. Congress did pass a
resolution, or an act, while Mr. Thurston was
Delegate, which gave him additional mileage I
think he was paid §3,500 m all.
Mr. STANTON. Did not Mr. Thurston travel
from Oregon by land?
Mr. LANE. No Delegate or member from
the Pacific coast has ever traveled to Washing-
ton city by land. He could not do so without
providing an escort, which would cost him £2,500
fo* a single journay. Of course no such thing
can be expected by Congress. This distinction
between the first ^Delegate from the Pacific coast,
and those who have been subsequently sent, m
respect to the mileage and compensation paid
them, ought not'-to be made. Justice requires
that Congress should see that it is the same. I
think the bill is right and just, and that it ought
to pass.
Mr. MILLSON. I voted against the increase
of the mileage of the present Delegate from Ore-
gon; and the same reasons which induced me
then so to vote will now operate to make me vote
against this bill. I voted against the removal of
this restriction from a sense of duty, although I
would gladly have made an exception in the case
of my friend, if I could have done so at all; but
I certainly feel a stronger necessity for voting
against this bill, which proposes to give a retro-
spective compensation to the heirs of this former
Delegate from Oregon. But, sir, 1 did not pro-
pose to discuss the bill. I merely rose for the
purpose of eliciting facts.
Mr. GROW. I sought the floor to say but a word
on this case. Mr Thurston was elected under
the old law, and took his seat under it. He was
entitled to and received mileage under the old law,
which restricted it in amount. Congress passed
the act of 1852, making it retrospective in the
case of the present Delegate. I opposed that act
at that time. I thought it was wrong, for the
reasons that have been urged by gentlemen to-
day. But after Congress has given a living Dele-
gate, who was elected under the same law that
his deceased predecessor was, the mileage now
claimed, I will not vote against giving the widow
and fatherlesp children what they have as much
right to. I opposed the addition to the mile-
age and the retrospective action in that case,
but I shall not oppose the action now contem-
plated by the committee m the passage of the
pending bill. I believe that it is just to the dead
and the living that the same compensation should
be paid to Delegates elected under the same cir-
cumstances. The present Delegate came here,and
received the increase given him, with no greater
claims upon our generosity than the heirs of his
predecessor have at this day. So far as any per-
sonal consideration is concerned, I am willing
that the present Delegate should receive the ben-
efits of the law; but, at the time of its passage,
1 gave the same reason against it that gentlemen
now give against the passage of the present bill.
Mr. Chairman, I have risen only for the pur-
pose of saying why I am in favor of paying this
claim, and to reconcile my conduct now with my
coursc at the time of the passage of the law of
1852. Here are the heirs of a Delegate elected
when the territorial government of Oregon was
first organized—when the greater hardships and
privations of a border-life were to be endured—
elected under the same law and circumstances that
the present Delegate was elected under. They
both took their seats under the same law; and
why, when the sitting Delegate has received and
is receiving the additional compensation, should
we withhold the same compensation from the
heirs of Mr. Thurston, the first and early Dele-
gate from the Territory.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine I recollect very
distinctly meeting Mr. Thurston in December,
1849, for the first time. He was the first Del-
egate to take his seat upon this floor from the
Pacific coast. The information which he brought
from that country was thought to be valuable. I
recollect learning from him the trouble he had in
getting here. I think he was elected in June,
1849, and started immediately for Washington.
Depending on an uncertain mode of conveyance
to San Francisco—some small coaster—he took
his route from there to the Isthmus of Panama.
He met with a great many obstacles to his prog-
ress at Panama. He arrived hero in October.
In my conversation with him 1 think he stated
that the mileage which the law allowed did not,
and would not, defray his actual expenses in get-
ting here. This was before any regular inter-
course was established between the Atlantic and
Pacific shores. I think there is a strong equity
in the case, and shall give mv vote for the bill.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Chairman, it is an
ungracious business, I am well aware, to stand
here and resist a claim of this sort in favor of a
widow and children. It does not make a great
deal of difference whether there is a legal claim
or not. It does not make any difference"whether
there is any obligation on the part of the Gov-
ernment to pay or not. If gentlemen represent
the necessities of a widow and children, there is
an end of the matter. I am sorry that my friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] has fallen into
so great an error as he seems to have done, in
regard to the analogy which he makes between
the sitting Delegate and the Delegate whose heirs
present the pending claim. The sitiing Delegate
certainly came here in 1852, under the law under
which Mr. Thurston was paid, but before the
close of that session—before his account for mile-
age was made out, a law was passed changing
the rate of compensation. That law took effect
from its passage; and on the day the Delegate
from Oregon became entitled to mileage at all, he
was entitled to it by way of Panama, and without
any restriction. The law had no restrictive oper-
ation on the sitting Delegete from Oregon. • That
constitutes the difference between that and the
present cage.
Mr. Chairman, if you are going back to past
Congresses to overhaul the compensation and
mileage of members who' are dead and gone,
whose accounts have been settled and long closed,
and who have received the compensation which
they were entitled to, not only at the time the
service was rendered, but at the time they settled
their accounts with the Treasury, and went out
of office, you open up a class of claims to which
there is no end. Upon exactly the same prin-
ciple it might be claimed that the heirs of every
member of Congress since the foundation of the
Government were entitled to the difference be-
tween the former pay of members and tho in-
creased pay at the present day. There is no
analogy between the case of the sitting Delegate
and the case of Mr. Thurston. There is no
claim in law—none in equity in the present
claim. Mr. Thurston traveled the route only
once; he received $7,000as mileage. Whether hia
widow and children received it or not I do not
know. He drewthat amount from the Treasury.
If the fact that the wife and children of a member
of Congress do not receive the money he is enti-
tled to is sufficient ground for a claim against the
Government. I think there would be a great many
