1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i&f
if this dismissal upon the part of Mr. Monroe
was wrong, he could have corrected it by reinsta-
ting Captain Angus; or any of the successors of
Mr. Monroe could have corrected it at any time
during his life.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the bill be laid
aside, to be reported to the House with the recom-
mendation that it do not pass.
Mr. PIKE. I hope that motion will not pre-
vail.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I demand tellers on that
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Walbridge
and Kelly were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 57, noes 72.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Chairman, the members of
the committee which reported the pending bill
were unanimously of the opinion that it ought
to pass. Captain Angus, as stated in the report,
was dismissed summarily from the Navy in con-
sequence of having written a letter to the Secre-
tory of the Navy which was considered to be
insulting. It afterwards appeared that, at the
time the letter was written, Captain Angus was
insane; and that this insanity was occasioned by
wounds which lie had received in the line of his
duty as an officer of the Navy. The committee
are of the opinion that his family ought not to
suffer in consequence of that misapprehension on
the part of the Secretary of the Navy and Pres-
ident Monroe; and that they are entitled to the
sum'which this bill proposes to appropriate.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps]
is much mistaken in respect to the amount in-
volved m tins bill. Instead of twenty-five or
forty thousand dollars, it will be only about nine
thousand six hundred dollars. I hope the bill
will be laid aside, to be reported to the House
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The question recurred on Mr.Phelps'smotion;
and on a division there were—ayes 33, noes 64;
no quorum.
Tellers were demanded by Mr. Phelps; which
were ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. Before the question is taken,
I desire to say a few words in reference to this
case. The gentleman from New Hampshire
[Mr. Pike] is certainly mistaken in reference to
the amount to be paid under this bill. The bill
provides that there shall be paid to the widow
of Captain Angus the amovunt of pay which he
would hnve received if he had remained in the
Navy from the 21st of June, 1824, to the 29th of
May, 1840, deducting the amount of pension
which he received in that period. I had the im-
pression, before reading this bill, that it provided
for deducting the amount of pension which Mrs.
Angus had received since the date of the act
placing her upon the pension roll.
It appears, from the report in this case, that
Captain Angus had received an invalid pension
at the rate of fifty dollars a month during a por-
tion of the time, and that is to bo deducted.
After he left the Navy, and prior to his drath, the
pay of a captain of the Navy was changed from
a certain amount per month and rations, to a
fixed sum of ,500 per year. I know that the
practice is established, that when you grant a
half-pay pensipn to a captain of the Navy, you
pay him at the rate of fifty ^dollars a month.
That limit was fixed when captains were paid so
much a month, not including the value of their
rations. Prom 1824 to January, 1835, the pay of
a captain in the Navy was at the rate of $100 per
month and eight rations. -Now, if you pay to
the widow of Captain Angus the amount which
her husband would have received if he had re-
mained in the Navy until his death, you will pay
for that time—from 1824 to 1835—at the rate of
$100 per month, or §1,200 a year, and eight ra-
tions per day at their commutation value, which I
do not now recollect, deducting therefrom $600 a
year. This, for ten years, would be §6,000,
without estimating the rations. If you estimate
the rations and some other perquisites which I
believe attached to a captaincy at that time, it
would make the amount considerably more than
the gentleman from New Hampshire has esti-
mated.
From January, 1835, up to 1840, the pay of a
captain of the Navy has been, as I stated before,
§2,500 a year, and a ration while performing sea-
service, but none while upon shore. Then, for
the period of five or six years, from the 1st of
January, 1835, up to his death in May, 1840, if
this bill passes, you compensate Mrs. Angus at
a rate which would amount to some §11,000, not
including rations.
Mr. PIKE. Iam willing to amend the bill so
that it shall not amount to more than §9,6U0.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman says he is
willing to amend the bill so that the amount shall
not exceed §9,600; but I am opposed to paying
the claim at all, upon the facts as detailed in the
case. At the last session of Congress when this
bill was up upon objection day, I was strongly
appealed to to withdraw my objection; but I
could not do so because I believed it was not a
case which ought to receivc the favorable consid-
eration of Congress. I am willing to inquire
into the case to see whether the widow is entitled
to a pension. But why do you grant a pension:
It is for services in the Navy, because yon sup-
pose that during the period a person has been m
the Government service, he may not have been
able to lay up anything for his wife and children.
^For sixteen years this man was out of the
Navy, and you propose, in addition to giving his
widow a five years' pension at the rate of §600 j
per annum, which she has already received, and i
which has been renewed and may be renewed J
again, to give her the same amount of pay which <
her husband would have received had he re- 1
mained in the Navy for these sixteen years.
Now, I ask if that is a correct principle? Aie
you ready to pension the officers of the Army
who have been stricken from the rolls for insub-
ordination or violation of the rules of the service,
and then give their widows the same amount of
compensation which the officers would have re-
ceived had they remained in the service ?
Apply that rule to the cases which have re-
cently occurred under the operation of the naval
board. There were officers who were recom-
mended to the President to be stricken from the
roll, and in accordance with that recommendation
they have been stricken from the roll. Now,
with the same propriety might the widows of
these officers, though they should live for twenty
years, come and ask Congress to grant them the 1
same amount of pay which their husbands would
have received had they remained in the service |
up to the time of their death. Would that be a 1
correct rule to adopt, and is such the precedent 1
you are willing to establish ? :
I thought myself, when the fact was disclosed i
that the widow of tins man had been receiving, i
and was now receiving,a pension, that the Gov- j
ernnient had been liberal to her, and that she ;
ou^ht not again to appeal to its liberality. !
These are the reasons why I oppose this bill. ]
Its passage would be establishing an improper
principle "in our action. The widow of every
officer who has been stricken from the rolls of the
naval servicc, has the same right to appeal to us
to grant to her the same amount of pay her hus-
band would have received had he remained m the
service. But it is nor so much the amount 1
complain of, as the principle which is sought to
be introduced here, when the widow has sought
another means of obtaining what she deemed due
to her—and which Congress has granted—a
pension for five years, as m cases of widows of
officers who have died in the service.* To the
widows of officers of the Arm)- who have been
mustered into service, and died of wounds re-
ceived therein, or from other causes, you grant
only five years' half pay pension, and yet you
propose, in this case, to give to the widow of an
officer who has been stricken from the rolls for
disrespect to a superior officer, precisely the same
amount of pay her husband would have received
had he remained in the service—in other words,
you pay a premium for disobedience and disre-
spect to a superior officer.
Mr. RITCHIE. It seems to me that the point
upon which this case turns has not been correctly
stated. If I understand the report of the com-
mittee—and I have no other knowledge of the
facts except what I have derived from that report
—the point is this: we are asked to correct a
mistake, made not merely to the disadvantage of
the purse of the officer in regard to whom the :
mistake was made, but also to the disadvantage !
of his reputation. This report states that a mis-
take was made with reference to this officer; and
that he was punished for having committed* of-
fenses which were committed in a temporary fit
of insanity occasioned by wounds received while
in the service of the United States. If it had
not been for this misapprehension he would have
received his full pay up to the time of his death.
This bill, therefore, goes simply to the extent of
correcting the mistake that was then made, and
no further.^ He was dismissed in consequence
-of an insulting letter written by him while labor-
ing under temporary insanity caused by a wound
which he received while in the public service—-a
wound which cost him his reason, and very
nearly cost him his life. The bill simply pro-
vides for the correction of the mistake which
was made; and I think it should pass the House.
Mr. LETCHER. If I understand this matter,
this mistake was made in 3824. This man died
in 1840, sixteen years afterwards, and sixteen
years further on the House of Representatives
undertakes to correct the mistake which was
made thirtv-two years ago by President Monroe.
That I understand to be the argument of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. McMULLIN. This bill, it will be remem-
bered, was discussed at the last session, and if I
recollect the sense of the House at the time, it
could not then have passed. But,sir, ought this
bill to pass now? As my colleague [Mr. Letcher]
has just stated, this House is now called on to
investigate the conduct of the President of the
United States thirty-two years ago, in dismissing
a man from the Navy who had disobeyed the
laws of the land. He was dismissed for improper
and unofficer-hke conduct; and we are called upon
now, upon a mere ex parte statement—up6n the
statement of claim agents, who will be the largest
beneficiaries if we pass the bill, to appropriate a
large sum of money in consequence of that dis-
missal upon the part of President Monroe.
I am in favor of doing justice to the widow. I
would not withhold from her anything which
justice demands. I am willing that she shall be
placed on the pension roil on the same terms as
other widows; but in the name of justice do not
let us be called upon to investigate the conduct
of President Monroe, and those acting under him
and his administration. The principle is wrong,
and I hope the House will show these claim
agents that money cannot be drawn out of the
Treasury in this way for their benefit.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to ask t8e gentleman
from New Hampshire how many years it was
from the time of the dismissal of this officer to
his reinstatement?
Mr. PIKE. He was never reinstated.
Mr. SCOTT. I understand that he was, in
effect, restored—that he was allowed half pay.
Am I correct m that?
Mr. PIKE. He did receive half pay.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire, then, to know how long
it was after his dismissal befoxe he was allowed
half pay ?
Mr. PIKE ' I am not able to state precisely.
Mr. SCOTT. It is no more than reasonable,
if tins gentleman was restored from the fact of
his being insane, that the mistake should be cor-
rected; and, so far as I am concerned, if I can
ascertain what amount is due, I am perfectly
willing to vote it.
The question now being upon the motion that
the bill belaid aside, to be reported to the House
with the recommendation that it do not pass,
upon which tellers had been ordered, Messrs.
S.\rp, and Jones of Pennsylvania, were ap-
pointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 43, noes 82.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. OREL I move that the committee do now
rise; and i give notice that when we get into the
House I shall move an adjournment over until
Monday next. 1 demand tellers on the motion
to rise.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ctalloway
and Orr were appointed.
The question wa« taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 71, noes 67.
The motion was agreed to. &
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Bocock reported that the
Committee of the Whole House had had the
