m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
Private Calendar under consideration, and had
directed him to report back bills of the following
tides, without amendment, and with the recom-
mendation that they do pass:
A bill (H. R. No. 225) for the relief of Joseph
Richards, of Berks county, Pennsylvania; and
A bill (H. R. No. 254) for the relief of the
heirs of the late Samuel R. Thurston, Delegate
from Oregon.
Also, that it had under consideration a bill (H.
E. No. 278) for the relief of Mrs. A. W. Angus,
widow of the late Captain Samuel Angus, United
Slates Navy, and had come to no resolution'
thereon.
Mr. GID0INGS. 1 call for the previous ques-
tion on the first of the two bills which have just
been reported.
PROPOSITION TO ADJOURN OVER.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. THORINGTON. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COBB withdrew the motion.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
-Monday next; and on that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 53, nays 100; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Barbour, Barksdaie, Henry Ben-
nett, Bocoek, Bowie, Brooks, Broom, Burnett, T.pwis I).
Campbell, Caruthers, Bayard Clarke, Howell Cobb, Cum-
back, De Witt, Elliott, Emrie, Evans, Florence, Foster,
Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Herbert, Houston,
George W. Jones, Kelly, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Mc-
carty, McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millward,
Mooie, Morrison, Mott, Oir, Pearce, Pelton, Phelps, Quit-
man, Heady, linfBn, Savage, Talhott, Thurston, Trippe,
Underwood, Wells, Wheeler, Whitney, and John V.
AT right—53
NAYS—Messrs. Akers, Albright, Allison, Ball, Ilendley
S. Bennett, Benson, Billmglmrst, Bingham, Bishop, Brad-
Khaw, Brenton, Butflnton, Burhngame, James II. Campbell.
iarnett, Giddings, Gilbert, Goode, Granger, Greenwood,
Grow, Itobert B. Hall, Harrison, Haven, Ilodges, Hoffman,
Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Morton, How-
ard,.). Glancy Jones, Kelsev, Knapp, Knight, IiBowlton,
Knox, Knnkel, Leiter, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson,
Millson, Morgan, Morrill, Murray, Norton, AndrewOliver,
Packer, Paine, Parker, Pennington, Perry, Pike, Porter,
Powell, Pnngle, l'urviance, l'urycar, Ricaud, Robbins,
Roberts, Snliin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Shorter, Spin-
ner, Stanton, Straualian, Tappan, Tlioringion, Todd, Valk,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge, Waldron, Welch, Williams,
Woodruir, Woodworth, Daniel B. Wright, and ZolUcofler
So the motion was disagreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. MATTESON,
(at half past three o'cloek, p. m.) the House ad-
journed until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, December 20, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be the call on standing committees for
reports of private bills.
Mr. KELSEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to introduce a bill declar-
ing the title to land warrants in certain cases, of
which previous notice has been given, for refer-
ence only. It is designed to meeta.class of cases
iike that of Joseph Richards, for whose relief a
bill was passed by the Committee of the Whole
House on yesterday. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think that the bill ought
to be referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and make the motion that it be so referred.
The bill was read a first and second time; and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
CHAPLAIN OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. GRANGER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
R,f^olv.ed' the Kev. Daniel Waldo be, and berebv
grei CllsP'am for the present session of Con-
Mr SHORTER I object.
NORTH CAROLINA ARSENAL.
Mr. WINSLOW. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution of inquiry:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
furnish the House of Representatives with an estimate of
the appropriation necessary for the extension of the North
Carolina arsenal, to render it an arsenal of construction,
together with the amount heretofore expended in the com-
pletion of the public buildings there.
Mr. MATTESON. I object; and call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the indulgence of the
House to make a brief statement, in order to set
a certain matter right.
Mr. MATTESON. I wish it-to be understood
that I object to everything out of order.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER proceeded with the call upon
the standing committees for reports of private
bills. *
Mr. MACE. Mr. Speaker, 1 hold in my hand
a bill prepared by the Post Office Department,
and submitted to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, the object of which is to
provide for the taxation of lottery circulars and
all that class of matter which now passes through
the United States mails without the payment of
any postage whatever.
Mr, MATTESON. I object to this bill. It
is out of order, not being a bill of a private char-
acter.
Mr. QJJITMAN, when the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs was called, said: I take this oppor-
tunity to make a motion in reference to the order
of business. I move that, instead of proceeding
to call the committees for reports of bills of a
private character, the committees be called for
bills of a public nature.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. GROW. I object.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, reported back, with
a recommendation that it do pass, an act (S, No.
421) for the relief of Lucy Fitzgerald, and the
children of Thomas Fitzgerald; which was re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
The committees having been called through,
Mr. GIDDINGS moved that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of bills upon the Speak-
er's table.
The motion was agreed to.
JOSEPH RICHARDS.
The first bill upon the Speaker's table beine *
fxl t? at- r-.. .1 \>..f o t *
a new principle, and I want members to put them-
selves upon the record. [" Order!" 11 Order!"]
Gentlemen call me to order; but though I do not
desire to discuss the matter, they will remember
that the previous question has not been called
upon the passage of the bill, and therefore I am
in order. All F desire is the yeas and nays.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
" The yeas and nays were then ordered; and the
question being taken, it was decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 90, nays 82; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright,Allen, Ball, Barbour, Barclay,
BiUmghun>t, Bmgbam, Bishop. Bh s, Bowie, Brenton,
Brooks, Broom, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, ftnyaid
Clarke, Howell Cobb, Coming Covode, Cragin, David-
son, Timothy Davis, Denver, De Witt, Dodd. Etlieridge,
Eustis, Evans,Florence,Foster, Tbomas J. D. Fuller,Oid-
dings, Gilbert, Granger, Greenwood, Grow, Augustus Hall,
Haven, Herbert, Hodges, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton,
Howard, Kelly, Kelsey, Knapp, Knowlton* Knox. Kunfcel,
Leiter, Mace, Alexander 1C. Marshall, Matteson, Maxwell,
Moore, Morrison, Norton. Andrew Oliver, Paine, Pearce,
Pelton, Perry, Phelps, Pike, Porter, Powell, Puryear, Rob-
bins, Roberts, Kobison, Kust, Sabin, Sage, Bnpp, Sneod,
Stephens, Stranahan, Swope, Tappan. Taylor. Thormgton,
Tv&on, Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge, Williams, Winsiowj
Woodruff, Woodworth, and Zollieoffer—SO.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Barksdaie, Henry Ben-
nett, Hendley S. Bennett, Bocoek, Bradshaw, Branch,
Buffinton, Burnett, James H. Campbell,John P.Campbell,
Ezia Clatk, Clingman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax,
Cox, Crawford, Cuinbaek, Henry Winter Davis, Jacob C.
Davis,Day, Dean, Dowdell,Edie. Elliott, Emne, Faulkner,
Flakier, Goode, Robert B. Hail, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris,
Hoffman,Valentine B. Horton, Houston,George W. Jones,, J.
Glancy Jones, Knight, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin,McCarty,
McMullin, Killian Miller, Million, Morgan, Morrill, Mott,
Murray, Mordecai Oliver, Packer, Paikor, Pock, Pennmg-
ton.Pnngle, Purviance, Quitman, Ilcady, Ricaud. Rivers,
Ruffin, Sandidge, Savage, Scott. Sherman, Shorter, Samuel
A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith, Spinner,
Stanton, Talbott, Todd, Trippe, Underwood, Valk. Wal-
dron, Warner, Whitney, Daniel B. Wright, and John V.
Wright—82.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the call of the roll,
ij Mr. BARCLAY stated that his colleague, Mr.
; Hickman, was detained from the House by
{' sickness.
; Mr. SNEED moved to reconsider the vote by
! j which the bill was passed, and also moved to
|i lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
:j latter motion was agreed to.
The bills on the Speaker's table having been
' disposed of,
! ^ Mr. GIDDINGS moved that the House resolve
! I itself into a Committee of the Whole House upon
the Private Calendar.
;j CLOSE OF DEBATE ON A PRIVATE BILL.
Mr. GROW. Before that motion is put, I
vi <-111*-y , x CJJitoyivftiiid, was >i /~*i • *i . n i i ™
up; the question being upon the demand • J debate upon the bill for the relief
ie previous question, made by Mr. Gn> I °\M£IS' Angus, widow of the late Cap-
I  „ ^  1 • . ,1 *1 Ml . !' tain OAIYHIP? Ancns. .Qtaloa Komr U ^
, ;! tain Samuel Angus, United States Navy, be
' closed m ten minutes after the Committee of the
(H. R. No. 225) for the relief of Joseph i • , ,   -- r—> -
Richards, of Berks county, Pennsylvania, was t! ™,°7e\,W ,, ^e, consent of the gentleman from
taken up - *' - ' '
for the
dings yesterday, "on ordering the* bill to
engrossed and read a third time. w, r, . .   
The previous question was seconded; and the j| • House shall again resume its considera-
main question was ordered to be put. ! i tl0r2;
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed Ju moho.n wasagreedto.
and read a third time; and being engrossed it wa3 then taken upon the motion
was accordingly read a third time and passed! H 0Biddings; and it was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the o House accordingly resolved itself into a
vote by which ihe bill was passed, and also to <r'om'Tllttee of the Whole House, (Mr. Edie in
| lay the motion to reconsider upon the table- chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
I which latter motion was agreed to ' Pnvate Calendar, the business first in order being
1 tl,econsideration of House bill (No. 273) for the
SAMUEL Jl. THURSTON. relief of Mrs. A. W. Angus.
The next bill upon the Speaker's table was ' ^r' PIKE. I move that the bill be laid aside
a bi 1 (H. R. No. 254) for the relief of the heirs ' t0 be "ported to the House, with the recommend-
of the late Samuel R. Thurston, Delegate from i atlon tl)at u do Pass-
Oregon , Mr SAPP. I ask for tellers on that motion.
, GIDDINGS. I move the previous ques-iellers were ordered; and .Messrs. Sapp and
tion upon ordering the bill to be engrossed and ' Herbert were appointed.
!J question was taken; and the tellers re-
• ported—ayes 72, noes 71.
i So the motion was agreed to.
EVELINA PORTER.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill of
the House (No. 283) for the relief of Evehna
Porter, widow of the late Commodore David
Porter, of the United States Navy.
The bill provides that Evelina I^orter, widow
of Commodore David Porter, late of the Navy
; of the United States, be allowed and paid the
haif-raontiily pay to which David Porter was cn-
: titled at the time of his leaving the Navy; and that
; such allowance shall commence at the day of the
I move to lay
read a third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee.
the bill upon the table.
Mr. STANTON. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that motion. We may as well take
a test vote upon that as upon any other motion.
Ihe yeas and nays were not ordered.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the mam question ordered lo be put; and under
the operation thereof the bilf was ordered lo be
engrossed and read a third time; and bein°" en-
grossed, it was read a third time. °
Mr. STANTON. 1 call for the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill. This is establishing-
