TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
• Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts. It seems to
me that there is nothing in this proposition which
proposes to extend the policy of the Government.
It is only an exceptional case, not provided for
under the general law. But if the gentleman from
Virginia objects to the demand in respect to this
claim in tire name of justice, and it will, render it
any more acceptable to him to ask it as a matter
of grace and favor, i will so far revise thy ex-
pressions as to place" it up6n the generosity of
Congress.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the gentleman
will allow me, 1 will ask him What Wrong the
petitioners have sustained ? Has there been any
infringement of their rights under the law ?
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts. The wrong
which these petitioners have suffered is not a
technical or legal wrong. If it had been, they
would not have applied here for relief by a special
aat. They would have applied for relief under
the provisions of the general law. But, sir, these
men effected one voyage within only a portion of
the time allowed under the act; and in order to
show their greater diligence in availing themselves
of the privileges of the law, they started on a
second voyage, but the vessel was lost in a storm
before they returned. It seems to me, therefore,
that the case is stronger even than it would have
been if they had complied strictly with the pro-
visions of the law, making only one voyage. It
seems to me that the passage of this bill will not
extend the policy of the Government, but only
supply an omission in the law. I take it for
franted, sir, that it is not disrespectful to the
louse to say that all our laws are imperfect; and,
sir, this law is imperfect in this particular. I will
only remark in addition, for the relief of certain
gentlemen in this House, thatthcamountinvolvcd
in this ease is very fsmall—not more than two or
three hundred dollars at furthest.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. The
amount involved is small,it is true; but the claim
is a very meritorious one, and as it forms one of
a class I wish to make a single remark in relation
to it. The act of Congress granting bounties or
drawbacks to those engaged in the mackerel or
^cod fishery when they had fitted out their vessels
"in a certain manner, and furnished a certain
quantity of salt, was passed from two consider-
ations. One was, that these fishermen paid a
very considerable duty upon salt, and another
was that the fisheries furnished a school for sea-
men. Young men generally engage in this busi-
ness, and they become first-rate seamen.
As I understand it, the circumstances of this
case were about these: This fishing schooner
Florilla had been fitted out under (he act of Con-
gress. She had performed her voyage, and had
used the requisite quantity of salt. She was re-
turning from a second successful voyage when
she was wrecked by a storm and lost. Sir, the
considerations had been furnished. The salt
•had been consumed; the seamen had been ed-
ucated; and the question is whether this act of
(.rod, by which the vessel was lost, shall prevent
these men from receiving the drawback in con-
sequence of these circumstances. I say, sir, that
although the amount claimed is small, the case,is
one full of merit, and I trust the committee will
vote down the motion of the gentleman from
Virgima,^and that the House will pass the bill. |
Mr. LETCHER. Idcsirc to addressan inquiry [
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Camp- ■
bell.] I understand him to say that these men
pie. If any gentleman will bring in a bill to repeal
the law, I will support it.
The question now being upon the motion that
the bill belaid aside to be reported to the House,
with the recommendation that it do not pass,
upon a division th'ere were—ayes 53, noes 62.
Mr. BROOM demanded tellers.
Tellers Were ordered; and Messrs. Chaffee
and Packer were appointed.
Th'e question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 61, noes 80.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts. I move that
the bill be laid aside, to be reported to the House
with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mf. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
committee do now rise.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call for tellers
on the rtrotion to rise.
Tellers were oVdered; and Messrs. Walbridge
and Florence were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 6, noes 114.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. FLORENCE. I voted against the motion
that the. bill be laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do not
pass. I rise now to propound a single interrog-
atory to the gentleman from Massachusetts, the
answer to which will materially influence my vote
in the House on this bill. I wish to ask him
whether there was an underwriter in this case,
and whether the cargo of this fishing schooner
was insured ?
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts. I do not see
the chairman of the committee who reported
this bill in his seat. If he were here he could
answer the gentleman much better than I can. I.
am not prepared to say whether the cargo of the
schooner was insured or not. The insurance,
however, would not cover the drawback and
bounty.
Mr. FLORENCE. What is the amount in-
volved in this bill?
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts. I am not ad-
vised of the precise amount, but it must be a j
small sum. For a vessel of the small tonnage of j
the Florilla the bounty cannot be more than §300. !
As to the insurance of the cargo, as I have said j
before, that could not cover the bounty. !
Mr. GIDDINGS, If I am correct in my j
understanding of this bill, it carries out the ob- i
ject Congress has had in view for many years. !
Where a vessel is licensed, proceeds on her voy- !
age, occupies her time as required by the law, and '
while doing so is lost, there is presented an equit-
able claim for bounty. Congress has, for fifteen
or twenty years past, provided relief in such
cases. I call upon the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Fuller.,] who has long served upon the
Committee on Commerce, to state whether such
is not the fact? j
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I understand that j
it has been usual—and the precedents are numer-
ous in our laws—to allow a bounty where vessels !
have been fitted out properly, and' have been !
wrecked, not having completed the time of four I
months required by the law. Some gentlemen 1
seem to "be undera'misapprehensionasto the law i
under which this case arises. It has nothing to (
do with the law giving a- drawback of duties in '
leference to salt. There was a statute allowing '
in cases of dry fish exported out of the United i
States, a drawback ecfual to the amount of duties
tomThb;rr -they- havi p,aid paid u>5on z
u y oil salt. Now, I desire to inquire whether i case arises nnHer i io —i.- i.
, . . ■ -     inquire whether
the Cincinnati pork packer, who also pays duty
on a large quantity of salt, if he loses his hogs,
is notupon the same principle entitled to bounty.'
Mr^ CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I am
not aware that any law has been passed giving
bounty to the packers of pork, or that the Gov-
ernment is interested in that business as much as
it is in the education of seamen.
_ Mr. McMULLIN. I dislike to occupy the
time of the Housp, but I call attention to this
fact: At the time the act Was passed granting
these bounties and drawbacks, this country was
greatly behind Europe with reference to the fi.sh-
«y business; it was difficult to get our citizens
to embark in that business. Now, sir, the case
is different. Give these men at the North a
chance, and they will catch all the fish you want,
in my opinion, the law itself is wrong- in princi-
case arises under the act of J813, by which,
j when cod-fishing vessels are engaged in the fish- , ,eBsels wnicn naveoeen out two
! a bo.«"ty .! and those which have been out two and a half
stood that I have no knowledge of this case, ex-
cept that it appears to come within a class of
cases which have uniformly been relieved in
times past. The gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Fuller,] having long served upon the Commit-
tee on Commerce, must know whether it comes
within that class; and if it does, I am in favor of
the bill, because I am for dealing out our bounty
with an even hand.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Maine what I am to understand by
the uniform rule of Congress in allowing boun-
ties where vessels have not complied with the
provisions of the law ? This vessel failed to
bring itself within the provisions of the law by
one month and four days. I do not care what
may have been the cause of it. Suppose it had
been out only one month, and lacked three
months, would that have brought it within the
usage of Congress ? My object is to ascertain
what has been the usage of Congress upon this
subject. I want to know how long it is required
that vessels, not having complied with the law,
must remain out in order to bring them within
the usage of Congress?
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. In reply to the
interrogatory of the gentleman, I will reply, that
I cannot s^te the time in cases where Congress
has passed special acts to relieve vessels which
have been lost. I only state the fact generally,
that Congress has passed special laws giving
bounty to vessels which had failed to be out the
time required by law, and were lost by casualties
of the sea. As to the extent to which Congress
has gone, I am not prepared to say. My recol-
lection is, that in all those cases where relief has
been granted, there has been a near approxima-
tion to the time required by the statute—more
than one half of the time
Mr. HOUSTON. It seems to me that the gen-
tleman from Maine, having served so long as a
member of the Committee on Commerce, ought
to have reported to the House long since some
law proposing to regulate this subject, and put-
ting it upon a proper basis.
As 1 understand it, the law entitles a vessel to
the bounty, if it has performed service four
months. A vessel goes out and remains short of
four months, and by the casualties of the sea is
prevented from complying with the requirements
of the law. It fails to do so by one month, and
it is relieved. It fails by two months. Should
not that be relieved? Upon what principle, I ask,
is this relief based ? Is it because the vessel
approximated nearly to the four months; or is it
because of the disasters which overtook the ves-
sel?
Upon what principles do we base this legisla-
tion? Is it because the vessel went out at all ? If
it is, the gentleman ought to have reported a bill
saying that all vessels should be entitled to relief,
which go out without regard to time. If it is not
because vessels go out to sea, there ought to be
some rule established. It must be because the
vessel has been lost. If it is, then, of course, all
lost vessels ought to be entitled to the bounty.
This kind of legislation ought to be based upon
some principle, upon some tangible principle
which we can understand. There is no use of
law if we vary and depart from it in every case
which appeals to our sympathies. If there is not
some principle to control us, it seems to me we
ought not to pass this bill.
We should have some regard to existing princi-
ples of law which govern all cases falling under
a general class. Now you cannot draw a dis-
tinction between vessels which have been out two
is given, not to exceed four dollars a ton, to' be
divided, two fifths to the vesssel and three fifths
to the crew.
The object was to encourage the fisheries as a
nursery for seamen. Now, if this vessei had
been out four months instead of two months and
twenty-six days—one month and four days short
,j of the time required by law—the bounty wou/d
|| have been paid to her by the collector of the port
i; whore she was enrolled. It appears that she re-
turned from one voyage, and going out upon a
' second, was wrecked; and I understand that this
case fails within a class of cases which Congress 1
lines i Jiv,.-. *:  __!• . . O .
months; between those which have boon out two
, I and a half and those which hare been out three
I months, and so on. A distinction docs not exist
; there. Then the reason of a usage cannot be
: based upon that supposed difference; and if not,
I would like to know upon what it is based, and
what principle of justice and right is at its foun-
dation ?
Mr; FULLER, of Maine. In reply to the
gentleman, I will say that here is the general law
of Congress upon the statute-book, which holds
out a bounty to certain persons to engage in the
fisheries for the purpose of educating'seamen
boumy"1 Ume t0 Ume' relio7ed by Sivine the , j That being the law, and nli b7ing"invitcd"togo
Mr GinnfNGc: r .1 • , Ii out under it, the seamen first, at great expense
- IuuljN0-'- 1 de81re t0 have it under- ;> purchase a vessel, and fit her out, with the inteiv
