1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
tion of going out in good faith to fish; and
having been out a large portion of the time, by
the act of God, and the casualties of the seas,
the vessel is wrecked and they lose their adven-
ture. The equity arises, then, not that they
have the right to demand this bounty, but they
have a proper claim on which to address them-
selves to the legislative power of the country, and
aslc that they shall, in special cases, grant that
bounty. The equity is based upon the expendi-
ture made; and m a case like this, perhaps the
equity is as strong as if the vessel had completed
her voyage.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him just here? I understand
him to state that the equity is based upon the,
expenditure made. Then it seems to me—though
X am not as well informed upon the subject as
the gentleman from Maine—that the expenditure
is mostly made when the vessel is fitted out? I
take it that there is but little difference between
the expenditure of sailing for one, two, or four
months.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. That is true, so
far as the statement goes. But the equity does
not rest upon the expenditure, so far as the Gov-
ernment is concerned, so much as it does upon
the experience which the seamen obtain. To be
sure, if the voyage is extended to four months
the advantage is greater upon the part of the
Government so far as the experience of the sea-
men is concerned; but $272 is all that can be paid
under the law, in any case. For the purpose of
enabling the House better to understand the law
upon which this claim is based, I send up the
fifth section of the law of 1813, which refers to
the case, and ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
^ Sec. 5. Ji-nd be it further enacted, That from and after
the last day of December, 1814, there shall be paid on die
last day of December, annually, to the owner of every
vessel, or his agent, by the collector of the district where
such vessel may belong, that shall be qualified agreeable to
jaw for eariying on the bank and other cod fisheries, arid
that shall actually have been employed therein at sea for
the term of four months, at the least, of the fishing season
next preceding, which season is accounted to be from the
last day of February to the last day of November in every
year, lor each and every ton of such vessel's burden, ac-
cording to her admeasuiement as licensed or enrolled, if of
twenty tons, and not exceeding thirty tons, $2 40; and, if
above thirty tons, $4; of which allowance aforesaid three
eighth parts shall accrue and belong to the owner of such
fishing vessel, and the other five eighths thereof shall be
divided by him, his agent, or lawful representative, to and
among the several fishermen who shall have been employed
in such vessel during the season aforesaid, or a part thereof,
as -the case may be, in such proportions as the fish they
shall respectively have taken may bear to the whole quan-
tity of fish taken on hoard such vessel during such season:
Provided, That the allowance aforesaid, on any one vessel
for one season, &haU not exceed $272."
Mr. PULLER, of Maine. There have been
many cases of special legislation under this law.
In some instances the papers have been lost; and
under the construction given by the Department
np bounty can be paid unless the original papers
are produced. But it often happens that these
papers are lost by the casualties of the sea, and
sometimes they are stolen. I recollect in one
case the voyage was completed and the papers
deposited in a light-house. The light-house was
burned down and the papers destroyed; and the
Department decided that the bounty could not
be paid in consequence. Congress, however,
ordered that it should be paid.
Mr. HOUSTON. That legislation would have
a proper foundation. The voyage was completed
and the law complied with so far as the parties 1
could comply with it; and when Congress became
satisfied of the fact, it would be perfeotly proper
not to take advantage of the burning of the papers;
but the case cited by the gentleman does not touch
the one before us.
- Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I said that a numer-
ous class of cases under this law had been pre-
sented for the equitable consideration of Congress.
In some cases the voyage had not been completed !
when the vessel was wrecked, and in such cases !
Congress has not refused to grant the little pit-
tance to which they would have been entitled in
the shape of.bounty. This class of cases, how-
ever, is necessarily small. There is another class
of cases, instances of which arose repeatedly
during the war of 1812, where the fishermen were i
captured by the enemy, and the bounty was
always paid by Congress. In one case the ves-
sel was destroyed'"by the act of God, and in the
other by the act of the King's cruisers. The
statutes are full of such cases.
Mr. MILLSON. The amount involved in this
bill is so small as hardly to justify the discussion
that has already taken place upon it, if it did not
involve another question which may soon come
up to be decided in another connection. The
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] and the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Ftji.i,er,] have re-
ferred to the uniform usage of Congress in allow-
ing claims of this description. My impression
is that the practice of Congress has not depended
merely upon, usage. There is an act of Congress
which I have not heard read or referred to, passed
in 1824, to the effect that where the owners and
crew of fishing vessels shall not have completed
their voyages, but shall have been wrecked on
the return voyage, the same bounty shall be al-
lowed and paid as if they had arrived safely in
port. I have been absent during a part of this
discussion, and this law may have been cited, but
I have not heard it.
The inquiry now is, would this vessel 1have
been entitled to bounty if she had not been
wrecked ? I admit that, under the act, she would
be as much entitled to bounty if wrecked as if
she had not been wrecked; but the question for
us to decide is whether, in all other respects, she
had complied with the law.
I will not now enter into the discussion of the
question as to the propriety of continuing or
extending these protective bounties. I under-
stand that the Secretary of the Treasury, at the
last session or the session before, recommended
the abrogation of these fishing bounties; and for
one, I am prepared to vote for such a measure.
Notwithstanding the opinion of the distinguished
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
that protection is now the settled, policy of the
country, and is no longer sectional, I say that
if there be any policy at this day that is sectional,
it seems to me that protection is such a policy.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Does not the
gentleman from Virginia know that the act of
1846 has a protective operation ?
Mr. MILLSON. I have frequently complained,
though I do not wish to enter into the inquiry
at this time, that there are some protective fea-
tures in the act of 1846. It is precisely those
portions of that act that we now desire to amend,
and which we should have corrected in the last
Congress, in my opinion, but for intervening cir-
cumstanccs.
But I do not mean to be diverted from the
object I have in view, and which I will briefly
explain to the committee. Is it proper, when we
are asked to abolish these protective bounties
altogether, that we should consent to go even
beyond the original law which granted them? I
am unwilling to do so. If this schooner had
arrived home safely, as I understand it, she would
not have been entitled to bounty, because she had
not completed her term. There is nothing, then,
in the fact that she was wrecked; there is nothing
in the consideration suggested by my friend from
Maine, that the act of God prevented these men
from receiving the bounty to which they were
entitled. From the statements made, I under-
stand that they would not have been entitled to
this bounty even if they had not suffered the loss
of their schooner, because they would not have
come within the terms of the law; and the ques-
tion now is, whether we shall, by special legisla-
tion, extend the original principle of the law,
and grant these fishing bounties in cases where
under the general law they were never intended
to be granted?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine When the
question is presented to the House, whether or
not we shall continue the system of granting
drawbacks and bounties, I shall be prepared to
consider and act on it dispassionately; but that
questioms not before us now. The case before the
committee is similar to many which have been
favorably acted on for the last twenty years. In
1813, Congress, for the purpose of giving encour-
agement to the fisheries, which all' acknowledge
to be the best school for our seamen, deemed it
expedient to pass a law granting bounties to
those engaged in thaf branch of industry, under
certain restrictions. It was necessary to fix some
amount of service to enable parties to be entitled
to those bounties. Under this law Congress has
ever held that where the consideration for which
the bounty was offered, has been rendered, the
bounty should be paid.
And we are not now to consider whether we are
to change the policy of the Government in grant-
ing these bounties, but whether we are to con-
tinue to grant them in cases like the one pending^
and grant the bounty where every compliance
has been made with the provisions of the law that
could he made—where, in fact, the law has- in
good faith been substantially executed. Are we
to do now as we have done in years past ? There
are many reasons why, if the law has been sub-
stantially carried out, we should continue to do,
in cases like the present one, as Congress has dona
heretofore. When there is satisfactory evidence
that the parties have substantially come up to the
requirements of the law, and have done every-
thing in their power for that purpose, although
somewhat unfortunate, they should, in my opin-
ion, receive the bounty promised by the Govern-
ment.
Mri HAVEN. I do not wish to argue this
case, but there is a little information which does
not seem to be in the possession of the House.
There is such a law of 1824 as that suggested by
the gentleman from Virginia. I will rea4 the sec-
tion applicable to this case:
"Any vessel which shall be licensed according to law for
the cod fishery, and which shall have completed her fishing
term according to the provisions of the law, and thereby be-
come entitled to the allowance of bounty, and shall, return-
ing to any port in the United States, be wrecked' or loaf,
the owner or owners and crew of such, vessel shall, on sat-
isfactory proof being made to the Comptroller of the Treas-
ury of the wreck or loss of such vessel, be entitled to the
same bounty as would have been allowed had such vessel
returned to port."
The difficulty in this case grows out of the fact
that this schooner had not completed her fishing
term. Instead of having been engaged for four
months, as required by the statute, the report
shows that she was engaged only two months
and twenty-six days; and it seems to me that the
only question is, whether we shall extend the law
of 1824, and give the bounty to a vessel which
has not been employed the whole of the term re-
quired ?
I do not care now to occupy the time of the
committee on the subject of bounties, although I
am of the opinion that if the object is to secure a
nursery for seamen, we may as effectually accom-
plish it by paying this money directly to those
who are engaged in the merchant service as to
those who are engaged in the fisheries.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I call the attention
of members generally, to the provisions of the
act of April 4, 1818. It is as follows:
" Be it enacted, £c., That where any fishing vessel of the
United States has been, since the 18th day of February, in
the year 1815, prevented, by illegal capture or seizur#,
under authonty, or pretense of authority, from any foreign
Government, from fishing at sea, for any part of the term
of four months required by law to be employed by such
vessel in fishing, in order to entitle the owner of such
vessel to the bounty or allowance prescribed by law, the
time of the unlawful detention of such vessel shall be com-
puted as a part of the said four months, and such bounty
or allowance shall be paid accordingly: Provided, That
such vessel has m all other respects complied with the
requisites of the laws now in force."
From the discussion which has taken place, it
will be seen that where vessels have been wrecked
in completing their four months of service in the
fisheries, relief may be afforded under the gen-
eral provisions of the law. The particular class
of cases which Congress has relieved, it has re-
lieved from two causes—where tlje full term has
not been completed, either because of the seizure
on the part of the enemy, or because of the act of
God. A precedent under the former case has
been cited. Under the latter case there are pre-
cedents running through a long course of "con-
gressional action. But I do not propose to occupy
the time of the committee with extended' argu-
ment on the question, whether, if this House is
disposed to continue these bounties, they should
not give this pittance—this mere triile to seamen
whose vessels have been wrecked—to men who
are poor, and navigate small vessels of twenty
■ • > > - ♦«  men.
as to
or thirty tons burden, with eight or ten me;
. FLORENCE. I had- some doubt
Mr
the proper course I ought to pursue in casting
my vote upon this bill; but I have come to the
conclusion that I shall vote for it, for two rea-
sons. There is an analogy, m my mind-, be-
tween this case and cases of pensions, where wo
depart from the general- law. The general pen-
