1T4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
expense of eatters, The bill gives that port an
unjust advantage over others, against the direct
language and purpose of your Constitution. It
is one of those schemes which have been uiii*
fermly pursued to concentrate all these advant-
ages at particular plaees. Boston will -want these
cutters next; and why not? It is a question of
degree, and not of principle. Charleston will
want them next; and why not ? New Orleans
will want them next; and why not ? It is a ques-
tion of degree, and not of principle. It is no
answer to say, that because there are a thousand
men in danger at New York, you will not protect
nine hundred ut Boston; andif nine hundred men
are in danger there, why should you not protect
against the danger of shipwreck five hundred at
Norfolk, or one hundred at Savannah, or fifty at
Charleston ? The bill which passed the House
was to station a revenue cutter there for the pur-
pose of protecting the commerce of the United
States.
Mr. SEWARD. For the purpose of protect-
ing the commerce and revenue of the United
States.
Mr. TOOMBS. When the revenue depart-
ment of the Government, or the Secretary of the
Treasury, tells us that sail vessels are inadequate
to protcct the revenue of the country, it will be
time enough for us to act. This is to protect
ships—to benefit insurance offices. I have no
doubt that is the great object. They are the peo-
ple who are generally at the bottom of these
schemes; for if you can diminish all these risks
they are benefited, and the people engaged in
commerce are benefited. It lessens their insur-
ance, and to that extent th£y are benefited. If
there is any necessity for adcTing to the revenue
service, I suppose the Secretary of the Treasury
ought to station the cutter where it is necessary.
Here the bill makes him station one at New
York of a particular kind.
Mr. SEWARD. It only authorizes the Pres-
ident of tho United States to procure such a ves-
sel.
Mr. TOOMBS. But why should it be done
at all ? I have seen no reason for it.
Mr. SEWARD. I answer the honorable Sen-
ator, that when this bill came from the House of
Representatives, and was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, I consulted the chairman of
the Committee on Finance and the Secretary of
the Treasury upon the subject, as it concerned
tho revenue, and the necessity and importance
of such a vessel at the port of New York was
conceded by them; and it was recommended that
it should be passed with the modification I have
proposed, which will secure it to the revenue
department. I have also, in order to show the
necessity of the measure, a report which might
be read, from the Committee on Commerce of
the House of Representatives. I have a letter
from the District Attorney of the city of New
York, which I will read:
New York, December 9, 1856.
Sir! At the last session of Congress I took the liberty
of calling your attention to the necessity of a steam rev-
enue cutlet m the waters of New York. The experience
I have had in the execution of ihe neutrality laws, and the
laws against the fitting out of slavers 111 the harbor of New
Yoik, has induced me to ast; your interference in this
matter. 1 am now compelled to hue steam-tugs, at a great
expense to the United States, in endeavoring to arrest sus-
pected slavers. These steam-tugs can only be used to a
limited extent. I have every reason to heiieve that slavers
liavegone through the Sound, and passed out to sea through
Gardner's Bay and Montauk Point. If a steam cutter was
at the disposal of the coliector, she might be used to inter-
cept such vessels.
Jn winter time the steamer's services would be invaluable
on our coast in relieving vessels in distress.
So far as the prevention of smuggling is concerned, the
services of such a vessel would be also very valuable.
In the hope that the measure (which I believe has the
sanction of our commercial community) may be successful,
1 remain, your obedient servant,
JOHN McKEON.
Hon. G. R. Pelton.
Mr. TOOMBS. The letter states that it is
necessary in order to arrest suspected slavers.
Mr. SEWARD. Among other revenue pur-
Mr. TOOMBS. It seems, then, that we are
compelled to get new steamships to stop tlie
slave trade in the city of New York, according 1(
to the evidence before the Senate. We cannot j>
keep these gentlemen from the African slave |-i
trade with all our laws declaring it piracy. A |;
new. steamer is required, not on the coast of:!
Africa, not on the coast of Cuba, not on the coast
of the black States, as they are termed, where it
might be supposed they would be required, but
we must keep a steamer in the port of New York
for the purpose of keeping these extremely con-
scientious people from dealing in African slaves!
That seems to be the pretense upon which this
measure is now put before the country.
I have no objection to any enlargement of the
revenue service that the public wants require;
but the practice of introducing these bills in the
House, sending them to the committee, and then
going to inquire of the Secretary of the Treasury
(when he has not brought it before us at all)
whether he wants such a vessel at any place, will
lead to great abuses. The Secretary of the
Treasury should have the right to send cutters
wherever their servicos may be necessary. It
might so turn out that there might be some
slavers about Florida or Savannah, and it might
be necessary to send a vessel there; and if you
have a revenue cutter put under the authority of
the Secretary of the Treasury by a general law,
he will order it where he pleases. Here, how-
ever, you propose to station a revenue cutter at
the port of New York, and you confine its service
to that port. Suppose Chicago wants one for
the protection of her vessels, has she not as much
reason for obtaining one? Enlarge your revenue
cutter service to the wants of the commerce of
the country—with that I am content; but when-
ever you act specially, and' make a particular
kind of vessels for a particular place, it is special
legislation, and liable to great abuse. I think the
bill ought not to pass.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from New
York.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the amendment
will not prevail. I am. prepared to vote for the
bill as it stood originally; but it is now, as I un-
derstand, proposed to amend it by striking out a
particular clause which has reference to the mode
in which the vessel may be employed. I believe
that to be the principle of the bill itself. For all
the ordinary wants of the revenue service, the
present species of cutters are sufficient. I have
no doubt that the bill speaks the truth, and was
introduced into the House with the express ob-
ject of having a kind of vessels which should
discharge a duty very much needed on our coast.
It is well known that the access to the port of
New York is exceedingly dangerous, especially
in the winter season. One of the valuable ser-
vices which a revenue cutter has to render to
commerce (although it is not directly within the
line of revenue duty, nevertheless, by saving
vessels it increases the revenue of the country
very considerably, atid in many cases the revenue
acquired by a single vessel would go far toward
building the cutter) is to afford assistance to dis-
tressed vessels. That is one of the objects, and,
in my judgment , one of the proper and legitimate
objects of the bill as it was originally designed.
I see no reason for striking out these words. It
is not a movement of the honorable Senator from
New York himself; but he says the bill will be
satisfactory to the President and the Secretary
of the Treasury if the clause be stricken out. I
take it they will not be particularly dissatisfied
with the bill if that amendment be not made;
there is no reason why they should be; and there
is especially no reason why we should send the
details of a bill of this kind to the President and
the Secretary of the Treasury to see whether they
are satisfied and want any amendment to it before
we pass it.
The real objection, I suppose, is, that this clause
introduces and sanctions the idea, that a vessel
of the revenue service may be employed, under
the direction of the proper officers, for the relief
of vessels, in distress and danger on the coast—a
service which revenue cutters in their present
state have always rendered, a great and valuable
service, and one which they ought to render. I
feel very much interested in this matter; because
—I say it frankly to the Senate—I hare a peti-
tion from my own section m the hands of the
Committee on Commerce of the Senate at the
present time, which involves the same idea. I
will state its contents, and the facts set forth in it,
which facts are true. The revenue cutter district
in which the port of Portland is situated, is some-
thing like one hundred and fifty miles in length,
extending from Portsmouth, New Hampshire,
to Mount Desert rock. The revenue cutter dis-
trict over which that vessel runs, embraces more
tonnage than any other district in the United
States except New York. It is the second in
point of number of tons and value of tonnage.
Our coast is a very difficult one in winter—it is
not difficult of access, but the extreme cold and
storms make it dangerous. It is not unfre'quently
the case that vessels getting there are covered
with ice; their crews are frozen and unable to
navigate the ship; when, if a little assistance
could be rendered by a revenue cutter moving up
and down the coast, large amounts of property
might be preserved, and much revenue saved to
the country. If a vessel is kept on hand for
other purposes kindred with the revenue, why
should it not be prepared to render the assist-
ance always wanted by vessels engaged in the
merchant service, on such a coast as that in the
inclement season of the year ? There is a peti-
tion before that committee asking for the pur-
chase or construction of a revenue cutter for that
district, which is the second in point of extent in'
the United States; and this morning a proposi-
tion has been presented by the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania that one may be procured
also for the port of Philadelphia.
Now, let us have a fair understanding on this
subject. Let us not strike out these words, and
in a manner conceal, or strive to conceal the ob-
ject, (for this is unquestionably the great object
that is intended,) and lead the Senate into any
misapprehension in regard to it. Let us have a
full and definite understanding of the matter. I
am in favor of this bill. I am in favor of this
clause of the bill. I think it exceedingly neces-
sary for the protection of the commerce of the
country—a matter of very great consequence—.
and I want the Senate to understand fully, that
if this bill passes it is but the beginning of a sys-
tem; and the retention of this clause is necessary
to have the subject understood. If a cutter is to
be built at one place because it is necessary for
the wants of commerce, as the honorable Senator
from Georgia says, it is inaugurating a policy to
be followed up, and I want the advantage of that
policy.
These are my views in regard to the bill. I
am in favor of the bill. I think it ought to pass.
I think this clause should be retained. I am
opposed to striking it out for the reason I have
stated, and I want the bill put on its fairgrounds,
and definitely and distinctly understood by every-
body. If the bill then passes, we all know what
we are about; and if it does not, things must
remain as they are until we can try again.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I believe I
suggested to the Senator from New York the
propriety of striking out these words. I am
willing, like the Senator from Georgia, to vote
for as many revenue cutters as may be necessary
•for that particular branch of the service. When
those cutters are provided, I do not object to their
incidental use for the relief of distressed vessels.
So far as it is incidental I do not object to that;
but, here is the commencement of a new scheme
and a new policy, by which we are to build steam-
ers and cutters for the purpose of relieving ves-
sels that are distressed. We are not only to have
revenue cutters for the legitimate wants of the
service, but we are to build steamers, fit them
out, and keep them up, for the purpose of reliev-
ing shipping on the coast. I object to this as a
substantive ground of jurisdiction and appropria-
tion. I think I foresee what is to grow out of it.
We are already informed by the Senator from
Maine, in a frank and manly manner, that
does intend to base on this application similar
ones for other cutters for other ports, whose
chief object and use is to be to relieve vessels
that may be distressed upon the coast.
I beg the Senate to look to what this will ulti-
mately lead, for we know from how small a foun-
dation of Federal jurisdiction we have seen grow
up the most gigantic schemes of expenditure and
extravagance. I believe that if we agree to this
now, in the end we shall see a fleet of steamers
fitted out for the purpose of relieving and aiding
these vessels. I think tho navigating interest has
already enough from the Government. U has a
monopoly of the coasting trade: it has, so far as
eastern navigation is concerned, the support of
the fishing bounties. But now, we are to do for
