1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
Ft
that what we do not- do for any other interest—
.keep a fieet of cutters and steamers for the pur-
pose of aiding and assisting them in pursuing
their legitimate business.
As I said before, so far as cutters are used inci-
dentally for this purpose, if we have no more
cutters than are wanted for the revenue service I
do not object to it; it is right enough. If this
cutter were wanted for revenue purposes, 1 would
not object to that; but if it is to be built, and put
out, and maintained, chiefly and mainly for the
lurpose of relieving ships at sea, I do object to it.
t is the commencement of a new policy in which
I think this Government ought not to embark.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask that the bill may
be read again. I did not understand it as the
Senator says. I understand that those words
were inserted as indicating an object for which
the cutter may be employed; but the main object
is the revenue service.
Mr. SEWARD. Allow me to interrupt the
honorable Senator from Maine for a moment. If
the bill passes as it is proposed to be amended,
this steam revenue cutter will stand upon pre-
cisely the same footing as, and be in all respects
a revenue cutter like, the present sailing revenue
cutters which belong to the revenue department,
and are mainly employed and directed to the rev-
enue service; but incidentally, when they can be
dispensed with there and are required elsewhere,
they are employed in the relief of distressed ves-
sels. There is no such clause in the law under
which the present sailing vessels are constructed
and used, as that which the honorable Senator
insists shall be put into this bill. It puts this on
an entirely different footing, and renders it impos-
sible to reconcile the conflicting opinions between
how much the revenue service ought to do for the
relief of distressed, vessels, and how much ought
to be done by the home squadron, or by the
Navy Department. If we consent to this amend-
ment, it leaves this vessel to go just exactly where
the other revenue vessels go, and nobody has ever
complained that they did not go as often as was
necessary, or convenient, or useful for the relief
of distressed vessels. If this clause stands in the
new law, it may prevent the passage of the bill,
and will accomplish nothing except raising a
question whether we will depart from our present
system in this way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. So far as I am individ-
ually concerned, I would not insist on calling
for a vote upon that matter. My principal object
■was to notify the Senate that by striking out these
words, one of the objects was not concealed at
all; and I understand distinctly that if a steam
cutter is built for revenue purposes, it is under-
stood that it is in some degree, to a certain extent,
to be used in reference to the wants of commerce,
in the particular which I have mentioned; and
that idea is not to be negatived entirely by striking
out these words.
Mr. WELLER. As there seems to be some
difference of opinion as to the language of the
bill, I ask the Secretary to read it.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. WELLER. I believe the Senator from
New York proposes to strike out a portion of the
bill. If those words be struck out, as a matter
of course it will be necessary to amend the title
of the bill. In other words, he proposes to strike
out the reasons which arc alleged upon the face
of the bill for its passage. No one can doubt
the necessity of a revenue cutter at the port of
New York. It is important also at other places,
articularly at San Francisco; but it is well
nown that all these revenue cutters are used,
whenever they can be so used, for the purpose of
relieving ships in distress. I know they are so
used on the Pacific. This cutter, I take it for
granted, if the appropriation passes, will be thus
used whenever it can be so used without inter-
fering with the legitimate business of the revenue
service.
I mi^htgive reasons why, at all these important
points, there should be steam revenue cutters. If
it became necessary, in order to enforce the rev-
enue laws of the United States, to arrest a vessel
which was about proceeding to sea, it would bo
very important that you should hav.e a steamer
there m order to overhaul it. Vour sailing cutter
might not be able to get out. It was but at the
last session that an appropriatipn was made to a
gentleman by the name of Scrauton, who was,
£
k
one of the owners of the steamer Daniel Tomp-
kins, which went to the relief of the steamship
Southerner, which was wrecked one hundred-and
eighty miles outside of Puget Sound. The
revenue cutter Jefferson Davis attempted to go
to the relief of the vessel, but it could not beat
out, and the commander made a- contract with a
steamer there, which went to the relief "of the
vessel. If you had had a steam revenue cutter
of your own, she could have got out,-to Puget
Sound without the necessity of getting a private
ship to perform that service.
Mr. HALE. 1 wish to asl  a question of the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, as I
see this bill comes from that committee. It is,
whether this restriction of stationing a revenue
cutter by law at one particular port, is not a new
feature in our legislation; whether we have ever
builta revenue cutter before, and stationed her by
law at any particular point ? Will the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce be kind enough
to answer that question?
Mr. DODGE. As the chairman of that com-
mittee I will say that I am not aware it has been
the case before.
Mr. HALE. I suppose that is the fact. I
understand it is the fact; and this'is an entirely
new feature in our legislation. If the steamer is
necessary to be built, I think it may be left, as
all other revenue cutters are, under the control of
the Secretary of the Treasury. To test the sense
of the Senate on that point, I move to strike out
these words: " to be stationed at the port of New
York;" so that, if a new steam revenue cutter is
built, she will be, like all other revenue cutters,
at the disposal of the Secretary of the Treasury.
If he sees that she is wanted at the port of New
York, he will send her there; but it ought to be,
like ail other revenue cutters, under his control.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from New
York, to strike out the words: " and for the pur-
pose of affording relief to distressed vessels, their
passengers and crews."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I now offer my amendment to
strike out these words: " to be stationed at the
port of New York."
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator from
New Hampshire misapprehends the general law
on this subject. If he will turn to the report he
will learn the particulars of the revenue laws in
this respect. There is a system of revenue laws
which establishes the revenue cutters, and author-
izes the Presidentof the United States to procure
revenue cutters for the different ports, to be sta-
tioned at the different ports, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Treasury and the col-
lector of the port. There are such revenue cut-
ters in all the important ports of the United States
on the sea-coast and on the lakes; and they are
under the direction of the Department, and are'
" stationed" just as this is. The effect of the law
is to authorize the President to procure them;
and when they are procured, they are procured
for certain stations. The revenue cutter of the
port of New York is not a revenue cutter for the
port of Charleston. The revenue cutter for the
port of Charleston is one which is stationed there.
The difficulty in this case arises from the fact
that steam navigation has increased since these
laws were passed; and now, when it is found
indispensably necessary in New York, the prin-
cipal port of the United States, to use a revenue
cutter, it is a sailing vessel, instead of u steam
vessel. The general law does not allow the pur-
chase and stationing there of a steam vessel. That
is all there is of the question. 1 hope the amend-
ment will not prevail.
Mr. HALE. I am right, then. The station-
ing of these vessels is within the jurisdiction of
the President and Secretary of the Treasury.
They are not stationed by law, and never have
been; and there never has been an attempt by the
Legislature to station a revenue cutter; and it
seems to me it would be exceedingly unwise for
the Legislature to attemptit. It would be usurp-
ing a part of the administrative functions of the
President and Secretary of the Treasury. It is
purely a piece -of administration, and a very sub-
ordinate and minute interference by Congress
with the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury.
This duty has been performed well. No fault
has been found with it. If the wants of New
York require this revenue cutter to be stationed
there, when she is built, nobody will know that
better than the Secretary of the Treasury, and he
will be likely to send it there. But if you put in
this restriction, however urgent the necessities of
the service might be for a steam-cutter—there
being but one—to be transferred for a special time
to another port, he could not do it, because Con
gresshad stationed it by law at New York.
This is only the beginning of a system. Tiiere
will be other steam-cutters built, and I want them
all left where the present cutters are, to the dis-
cretion of the Executive. The Executive knows
the wants of the various ports better than Con-
gress possibly can. If, when this cutter is built,
the wants of commerce at New York require it,
she will get it. No doubt if you leave the con-
trol of this cuttcr where you leave the others, the
law will be wisely administered, and it will be
properly stationed; but if you undertake by act
of Congress to station a revenue cutter at one
place, you will have to station one at another ,
place. I hope my amendment will be adopted
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, I did not
intend to ofter any amendment to this bill, because
I am averse to putting anything like riders upon
a bill of this sort, I had determined on this
course, notwithstandingl think a revenue steamer
at Philadelphia is quite as necessary as one at
New York; but since amendments have been of-
fered to this bill by its friends, I think it proper
to make a few suggestions on the subject, and to
propose an amendment also. I concur fully in
the view so well expressed by the Senator from
New Hampshire. If we are to have a steam
revenue cutter, its station should be left, as a
question of administration, to the Treasury De-
partment. I propose, therefore, to concur m the
amendment suggested by the Senator from New
Hampshire, with an additional one, to strike out
' " one" steam cutter, and insert" two," and strike
out " $150,000," and insert " §300,000." Letus
i have two cutters, and for this reason: Philadel-
! phia throughout the world is recognized as'one
of the first commercial cities of the American
Union. Why should we confer on New York a
monopoly not only of the ocean mail steam lines,
but a monopoly of vessels of this description i It
is wrong. As suggested by the Senator from
Georgia, it is contrary to the provisions of the
Constitution. Our laws should be uniform in
this respect. I think this reasoning is unanswer-
able, and I shall., therefore, propose further to
amend the bill, when the amendment of the Sen-
tor from New Hampshire shall be disposed of, bo
as to have two steam revenue cutters, and to in-
crease the amount of the appropriation.
Mr. RUSK. I,t is very difficult, in all appro-
priations of this description, to distinguish be-
tween the public service and the local advantages
to a particular place. Whenever the public ser-
vice requires it, I shall very cheerfully vote for a
measure of this sort. Where the local advant-
ages of any particular place urges it, I shall vote
against it. I shall vote against the amendment
of the Senator from New Hampshire, for this
reason: I want to limit the number of these cut-
ters. This bill proposes but one, and at a place
where I think the public service requires it; and
I shall therefore vote for it. If the amendment
of the Senator from New Hampshire, however,
should prevail, I shall be veiy doubtful about
voting for the bill, because that would leave it
open to make the experiment, and station them
at places for local advantage where the publia
service does not require them. I have thought
for some time that the port of New York requires
some more speedy vessel than a sailing vessel
as a protection to the revenue, especially as a
large portion of the commerce of that city is car-
ried on in steamers. I may be mistaken, but I am
willing to make the experiment. I do not regard
it as at all a local benefit for the city of New-
York; but I regard it as a matter necessary for
the protection of the revenue of the United States .
at the port of New York, where the faeilites of
smuggling are so great on account of the number
of steam vessels established there.- I shall vote
for the bill if confined to New Yprk; but not far
a general system.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, the cutter
system in its origin was designed to protect the
revenues of the count}'}'■ That, I suppose, is its
objeet at this time,, Under an express.provision
