176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22.
of the law, as I believe—but from the hurried
manner in which this debate has come up, I have
not been able to examine the statutes—the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is authorized to divert these
cutters from the specific purpose for which they
were designed, to the relief of distressed seamen
upon the coast. Whether there is an express
provision in the law to that effect, I will not say
certainly. This', however, I do know, that under
a regulation of the Treasury Department they
have been used for that purpose from the forma-
tion of the system to the present time. The cir-
culars which have been issued—whether these
circulars created the practice or were based upon
the law I will not stop to inquire, but my im-
pression is that there is a law—were before the
Committee on Commerce at the last session of
Congress. The bill now presented, as I under-
stand it, proposes no change whatever in the sys-
tem, or the object which is designed to be accom-
plished by that system, but it proposes to have
steam instead of sail service. That is the pro-
vision of the bill; but in two other particulars it
does propose to change what has been the lan-
guage <of the law, if the Senator from New York
is right in supposing that there is an express pro-
vision.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to give him the information at winch
he is laboring to arrive ?
Mr. HAMLIN. Y«s, sir.
Mr. SEWARD. It is contained in the report
of the House committee on this subject, and is:
"The disastrous shipwrecks winch have so frequently
occurred upon the coasts of New Yoik and New Jersey,
involving the destruction of millions in property, and fright-
ful sacrifices of human life—among^yhich may be enumer-
ated the cas.es of the ships Mexico and Bristol, where hun-
dreds of helpless passengers perished withm a few miles of
tiro harbor of Now York—aroused the sympathies of the
whole people; and in answer to their appeal, Congress
promptly passed the act, approved December, 1837, wherein
the President of the United States is empowered ' to cause
any suitable number of public vessels adapted to the pur-
pose, to cruise upon the coast in the severe portion of the
season, when the public service will allow it, and to .itTunl
such aid to distressed navigators as their circumstances
may require;3 and it was added, 'such vessels shall go to
sea fully prepared to render such assistance.' "
Now, the honorable Senator will excise me for
saying that this bill does not at all interfere, in
any of Us details, with the present system.
Mr. HAMLIN. The law to which the Senator
has referred corresponded with my recollection.
The circulars of the Treasury Department, there-
fore, were based upon that law. The words
which the Senate have already stricken from this
bill, were, only reenacting what is the existing
law. The words now proposed to be stricken
from the bill, however, change tile system, and fix
and determine a specific point at which the par-
ticular revenue cutter is to be used; and however
necessary it might become to use the cutter at any
other point than the one named in the bill, jt
would not be possible to do so under the" bill.
The general authority as it now exists, which
gives the Secretary unquestioned power to send a
cutter belonging to New York into another dis-
trict, would cease, and this boat could be stationed
at only one port and none other. It is a depart-
ure from the provisions of the existing law. It
seems to me that Senators who were desirous of
striking out the words already stricken from the
bill ought, if they are consistent in the argument j
which they used, also to vote to strike out these i
words. 1 do not believe it is necessary to desig-
nate the precise point any more than the precise
duty.' One is a departure from the present sys-
tem, while the other would have been only a
reaffirmation of the law.
Mr. TOOMBS. I would suggest to the Sen-
ate that 1 see no possible reason, and the Senator
from New York has affirmed none, why this
vessel should be taken from under the control of
the Secretary of the Treasury and the President
of the United States, where the general law leaves
all other cutters.
Air. SEWARD. It is not. How is it so?
Mr. TOOMBS. Because he can order any I
revenue cutter to New York, and from New !
York to anywhere else; but if this bill pass he j
cannot do so with this one. This cutter will ]
stand by itself, different from any revenue cutter l
in the service of the United States, if this clause i
remain. You say it shall be stationed at New i!
iork, and there you are to, keep it. The clause j|
13 for 'nat purpose, if it means anything. If it ii
is not intended for that purpose, strike out these
words; and then they can use it in New York
if it is the most important point; and if they de-
sire to send a vessel to Maine or Philadelphia
under particular circumstances, they can do it.
But there can be certainly no reason why this i
one revenue cutter should be exempted from the
general law of every other revenue cutter of the
United States; and, therefore, the motion of the
Senator from New Hampshire is eminently
proper, and I can see no reason why it should not
prevail. I will not vote for the bill anyhow. It
comes suspiciously. It comes by no authority.
We are not properly informed whether this more
expensive system i3 wanted. We have not the
first evidence that a steam revenue cutter is neces-
sary, or that the others are not all-sufficient for
the purpose of the revenue. This is a fruitful
increase of expenditure, about which we ought
to be well satisfied, especially as the honorable
Senator from Maine says he wants it to be the
inauguration of a new policy. We ought to be
satisfied that we do obtain something to show
that the object is worthy of the vast additional
expense which every Senator knows will result
from the employment of steam vessels over sail
vessels. Probably in our revenue service the
ratio of expense will not be less than twenty to
one.
Mr. SEWARD. Those who desire the adop-
tion of any measures by a legislative body, must
necessarily expect to take the measures in the
shape in which they can get them—in a shape
satisfactory to those who give them, and not satis-
factory to themselves. I would prefer this bill
in the shape in which it comes from the House
of Representatives, and without the amendment
which has been adopted; but in order to avoid
objections—it seemed to me founded in a careful
regard to the public welfare and the benefit of the
service—I offered an amendment upon the sug-
gestion of the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, which I was satisfied would not at all
impair the efficiency of the bill, butwould render
it more acceptable to the Executive Government
and the. Committee on Finance. I still think'it
was wisely done, and does not at all impair the
efficiency of the bill for all the purposes for which
the revenue cutters are engaged, as well for the
relief of distressed navigators as for the revenue.
Now, m regard to the other point, it is very ap-
parent that the moment we shall adopt the amend-!
ment, and strike out the provision stationing
this vessel at the city of New York, we throw the
bill open to objections made in another quarter,
by persons who think this bill will be the adop- j
tion of a precedent that will be carried so far ;
that other vessels (unnecessary, and not wanted j
as this one is at the city of New York) will be :
forced upon us. Those who insiston this amend- .
ment will sco that it is one which commends ■
itself to those who are opposed to the bill al- j
together and to any such revenue cutter any- !
where. They therefore will find, I think, that!
it is not 1 who am mistaken in my logic about i
the arguments in favor of this bill, but it is a i
misapprehension of their own. They are not i
advancing their own purposes, while they are '
embarrassing this bill. I wish my honorable '
friend from New Hampshire would see that it is !
not necessary to press this amendment. i
Mr. BAVARD. The bill, as I understood, is ;
a bill intending to provide a steam cutter for the
revenue service. The object of the amendment
is to strike out the words which confine the use '
of that cutter to the port of New York. I am '
necessarily compelled to vote for that amendment, |
because I think we interfere too much by legisia-
tion in matters of administrative detail, "it is
certainly a matter of administrative detail as to
how your revenue cutters, whether steam or sail
vessels, are to be used in the service. I am op- , j
posed to Cungiess undertaking, with our limited I
information as to matters of detail, to fix matters i
of that kind, and therefore I shall vote in favor i
of this amendment.
Mr. TOUCEY. I feel constrained to vote for
this amendment, oecause the clause seems to me !
to trench on the peculiar duties of the executive .j
department of the Government. I s'louid prefer j
leaving it, as a mere matter of administration, !
\vii6ie the question is lsft in i*6££U'(i tosvery other ij
similar measure. I would not undertake to re- ;
one port, but would leave it to the executive
department to direct its application'and employ-
ment elsewhere if the public service required it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish not to he misunder-
stood in this matter. I am myself in favor of
revenue cutter boats propelled by steam on the
primary ground of their importance to the rev-
enue; but I also favor them,"because I belieie in
a secondary point of view they may be more
useful for the purpose already designated by law.
But I would not designate the precise points at
which these boats shall be used, unless you es-
tablish a uniform system, and designate the whole
coast. I am for the bill, and shall vote for it if
the words be not stricken out; but I want them
stricken out, because I believe it will be bet-
ter.
Mr. FISH. I think there is a misapprehen-
sion as to the effect of stationing a particular boat
at a particular port. It does not necessarily pre-
vent the employment of that vessel elsewhere.
Thatis simply the rendezvous, the main station.
A vessel stationed at,New York frequently has
been sent across the ocean; it has been sent to
the West Indies; it has been sent to all points of
our coast. So it will be with this. The object is
simply to designate New York as her main sta-
tion—her home station, where she will be when
not employed elsewhere. It is there that she will
probably be most frequently needed;but she may
be sent to Maine or to Texas, if required there.
The whole administration is left to the Depart-
ment. All the present revenue cutters are sta-
tioned somewhere or other, and precisely as ef-
fectively as this one will be by the bill. I desired
only to call the attention of Senators who seemed
to misapprehend it, to the effect of the stationing
provided for by the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour for
the special order has arrived, and it must be taken
up unless the Senate otherwise direct..
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the honorable Sen-
atorfrom Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] who is enti-
tled to the floor on the special order, will allow
us to take the question on this bill.
Mr. BROWN. I cannot be pertinacious under
the circumstances; and if this bill is not likely to
consume a great deal of time I will yield; but 1
hope I shall not be postponed to a late hour of
the day.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall not ask that.
Mr. RUSK. By common consent let us go on
with this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By the unani-
mous consent of the Senate, the special order can
be passed over for the present.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I object.
Mr. STUART. I move to pSstpone the special
order for thirty minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I think the Senator from Con-
necticut [Mr. Toucey] places a wrong construc-
tion on this clause; certainly he and I differ in
regard to it. The bill directs the Presidentof the
United States to procure a suitable steamer 11 to
be stationed at the port of New York as a revenue
cutter." I do not consider that as conveying the
idea that the cutter shall not be used anywhere
else. It will be justas subject to the orders of the
Department as any other revenue cutter; and the
city of New York is designated as its place. 1
shall vote against this amendment, because I wish
to limit the number. I do not consider this pro-
vision as encroaching on the authority of the
Department to order this boat anywhere; but as
the honorable Senator from New York has very
properly said, it may be sent to Texas if required.
The biil simply designates one port as the general
station of the boat. It is for the purpose of con-
fining' this experiment to a single boat that 1 vote
against the amendment. I think such a v< ssel is
necessary at New York; and if it should be neces-
sary to use her for the performance of service
elsewheie, she will clearly be under the control
of the Secretary of thclreasury. If we adopt
the amendment, and the biil be passed, I fear we
shall have a dozen of these boats.
The amendment was agreed to;there being,on
a division—ayes 22, noes" 12.
The bill wis reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of th J
Whole were concurred in. The auesnon was
stated to be on ordering the amendments to ee
•trier tho „*• i_i  i iu « >>" uiueiuic vne amenumems to
the emP'oy«>ent of a public vessel to any 11 engrossed and the bill to be re d a third time.
