THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. G.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1856.
New Series....No. 12.
Mr. SEIDELL called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that the restric-
tion which confines the cutter to special service
at New York is taken from the bill. [" Yes/']
Then this embarks us generally into the system
of steam revenue cutter service. I cannot go for
that.
Mr. RUSK. I vote for the bill as amended
reluctantly; but I depend on the discretion of the
Secretary of the Treasury and the President.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—yeas
28, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Bell of New Hampshire, Bigler,
Bright, Brodacad, Cass, Coilanier. Comegys, Fessenden,
Fish, Foot, Foster, Hale, Ilamlm, Harlarf, Houston, Pearce,
Rink, Seward, Stuart. Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson
of New Jeisey, Touccy, Trun.buil, Wade, Weller, Wilson,
awf Wnght—23.
NAYrf—Messrs. Adam-*, Clay, Dodge, Evans, Fitzpat-
rick, Hintei, Johnson, Joriesof Iowa, Jonesof Tennessee,
Pugh, Slide)!, Toombs, and Yulco—13.
So the amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time. It
was read a third time, and passed. On motioiyrf
Mr. Seward, its title was amended so as to read,
" A bill to authorize the President of the United
States to cause to be procured, by purchase or
otherwise, a suitable steamer as a revenue cut-
ter."
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
motion of Mr. Rusk to refer so much of the
President's message as? relates to foreign affairs
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BROWN addressed the Senate on the
slavery question. His speech will be published
in the Appendix.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller
in the chair.) The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Texas to refer to the Committee
on Foreign Relations so much of the President's
annual message as relates to foreign affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. STUART, so much of the
message as relates to the public lands was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, so much of the
message as relates to the finances of the country
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion of Mr. STUART, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 22, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
CONTINGENT EXPENSES OF THE POST
OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
■ The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Postmaster General, trans-
mitting, in compliance with law, a detailed state-
ment of the expenditures of the contingent fund
of the Post Office Department, for the fiscal year
ending the 30th of .Tune, 1856; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the motion of the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Washburn,] submitted on Monday
last, to suspend the rules for the purpose of intro-
ducing the following resolution:
Rcsolrcd, That the Piesident be requested to cause to be
communicated to this House statements of the amounts of
money paid, and liabilities incurred, for the pay, support,
and other expenses of persons called into the service of
the United States m the Territory of Kansas, either under
the designation of the militia of Kansas or of posses sum-
moned by the civil officers in thdt Territory, since the date
of irs establishment; also, statements of the amount5! paid
to marshals, sliejiffs-and their deputies, and towUiiesj-.es,
and for other expenses in the arrest, detention, and trial of
persons chaigcd in said Territory with treason against the
tinned States, or with violations of the (so called) laws of
said Territory.
Mr. ORR. I will vote for the motion to sue-
12
pend the rules if the gentleman will modify his
resolution by striking out the words " so called."
Mr. SAGE. I demand the yeas and nays on
the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I will modify
my resolution by striking out the words "so
called," and inserting in their stead the word
" alleged."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The words have
the same meaning, and there is nothing gained
by the change of '• alleged" for " so called."
The question was taken on Mr. Washburn's
motion; and there were—yeas 127, nays 62; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Barclay,
Henry Bennett, Hendley 8. Bennett, Benson, Billinghurht,
Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Broom, Buf-
finton, Burhngame, James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, dawson, Chng-
man, Colfax, Comms, Covode, Cox, Cragin, Cumback,
Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Denver, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
Durfee, Edie, Edwards, JEnirie, Etheridge, Flagler,Thomas
J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Giddmgs, Gilbert, Granger, Grow,
Robert B Hall, Hailan, J. Morrison Harris, Harrison,
Haven, Hodges, Hoffman, Holloway, Thomas It. Horton,
Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Hughston, Kelsey, King,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel,Lake, Letter,
Mace, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Matte-
son, McCarty, Kiihan Miller, Millward, Moore, Morgan,
Morrill, Moit, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Pame, Patker, Pearce, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike,
Prmgle, Purviance, Puryear, iticaud, Ritchie, Robbins,
Roberts, Sabtn, Sape, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Spinner, Stan-
ton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thorington, Thuiston, Todd,
Trafton, Underwood, Vail, Valk, Wade, Wakeman, Wal-
bndge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washbume, Ellihu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Whitney, Wil-
liams, Woodruff, and Woodworth—127
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Bocock,
Branch, Brooks, Burnett, Cadwaladei, John P. Campbell,
Carlile, Caruthers, Caskie, Howell Cobb, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Ciaige, Crawford. Davidson, Edmundson, F.vans,
Florence, Garnett, Goode, Greenwood, Thomas L.JIarns,
Herbert, Houston, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Kelly, Letcher^ Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell,
McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Orr, Packer, Peck,
Phelps, Porter, Powell, Quitman, Ready, Rivers, Ruffin,
Rust, Sandidge, Savage, William Smith, Slneed, Swope,
Talhott, Taylor, Trippe, Walker, Watkins, Wheeler,
Wmslow, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolh-
coffer—62.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call for the
previous question on the adoption of the resolu-
tion.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. WHEELER. I call for the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr, WASHBURN, of Maine, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted, and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTION OF A CHAPLAIN.
Mr. GRANGER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the House now proceed to the choice of
a Chaplain.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. GRANGER. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose I have indicated.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I give notice that if the
rules are suspended I shall offer the following as
a substitute for the resolution of the gentleman
from New York:
Resolved, That the resident ministers of the several
Christian chuiches of this city be invited to alternate in
opening the daily sessions of the House by prayer.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the resolution of the
gentleman from New York be adopted, will a
motion to nominate a particular person be in
order ?
The SPEAKER. It will. If the rules be sus- J
pended the resolution will be before the House for I
amendment. j
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Are the resident]
ministers of the Christian churches* of this city '
willing to do what is asked of them by the res-
olution of the gentleman from Louisiana?
Mr. SANDIDGE. Yes, sir; they have offered
their services.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the rules are
suspended, and the resolution is introduced, the
floor will be given to the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Granger] who introduced it, who
will then call for the previous question, which
will cut off all amendment. I call for the yeas
and nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
152, nays 50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Albright, Allen, Allison,
Barbour, Barclay, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bocock, Bowie, Bradshaw, Brenton, Broom, Buflmton,
Burlingame, James H. Campbell, Lewis D.Campbell, Car-
lile, Caskie, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, Clawson,
Clingman, Colfax, Comms, Covode, Cox, Cragin, Cumback,
Damrell, Hwnry Winter Davis,1Timothy Davis, Dean, De
Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Edmundson,
Edwards, Emne, English, Eustis, Evans, Flagler,Florence,
Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Giddmgs, Gilbert,
Granger, Greenwood, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, j. Morrison
Harris, Harrison, Haven, Herbert, Hodges, Hoffman,
Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard? Hughs-
ton, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kelsey, Kidwell, King,
Knapp, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Letcher, Mace,
Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Matteson.
McCarty, Mill&on, Millward, Moore, Morgan, Morrill,
Muuay, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Orr,
Paine, Parker, Peck, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit,
Pike, Porter, Pringle, Puryear, Ready, Ricaud, Ritchie^
Rivers, Robbins, Roberts, Sabin, Sage, Sandidge, Sapp,
Savage, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Sneed, Spinner, Stan-
ton, Stephens, Stranahan, Swope,Talbott, Tappan, Thurs-
ton, Todd, Trafton, Trippe, Tyson, Underwood, Vail,
Valk. Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader
C. Washbmne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Watkins, Watson, \\ elch, Whitney, Williams, Woodruff,
Woodworth, and Zolhcotfer—152.
NAYS — Messrs. Barksdale, Hendley S. Bennett, Bliss,
Branch, Brooks, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Caruthers,
Williamson It. W. Cobb, Crawford, Daj'. Denver, Ether-
idge, Garnett, Goode, Grow, Augustus Hall, Thomas L.
Harris, Holloway, Houston, George W. Jones, Keitt,
Knight, Lake, Lindley, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall,
Maxwell. McMulhn, McQueen, Killian Miller,Smith Miller,
Mott, Nichols, Packer, Pearce, Phelps, Powell, Quitman,
Ruffin, Rust, Samuel A. Smith, Wiflhim Smith, Taylor,
Walkei, Warner, Wheeiei, Wiuslow. Darnel B. Wright,
and John V. Wright—50.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds having
voted in the affirmative.)
Mr. GRANGER. I call for the previous
question on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be sustained. I wish to offer the
resolution I have suggested as a substitute for the
one pending.
Mr. MATTESON called for tellers on sec-
f onding the demand for the previous question.
! Telifcrs were ordered; and Messrs. Spinner
! and Cullen were appointed.
i The question was taken; and the tellers re-
! ported—ayes 91, noes 78.
i So the previous question was seconded,
i Pending tile vote,
j Mr. ORR stated that, as he was in favor of
paying one Chaplain, and not a dozen, he would
vote in favor of sustaining the call for the previous
question.
The main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. RUFFIN. I demand the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the- resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
The House then proceeded to the execution of
its order.
Messrs. Granger, Kidwell, Sandidge, and
Albright, were appointed tellers to count the
votes.
The SPEAKER announced that nominations
j were in order; when the following nominations
were made:
By Mr. FLORENCE: Rev. Daniel Waldo, of
; New York. . _ _
, By Mr. KIDWELL: Kev. Franklin Moore,
, of Virginia. __
I By Mr. GALLOWAY: Rev. Thomar H.
Stockton, of Maryland. '
By Mr. ALLISON: Rev. Artnur B. Bradford,
I of Pennsylvania.
