178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
By Mr. CLARK, of Connecticut: Rev. Dr.
Patten, of New York.
By Mr. BROOM: Rev. George W. Mitchell,.
of the District of Columbia.
By Mr. WAKEMAN: Rev. Eli C? Botsford,
of New York.
By Mr. GREENWOOD: Rev. George Hildt,
'of the District of Columbia.
By Mr. BROOKS: Rev. Dr. Gurley, of the
District of Columbia.
By Mr. MACE: Rev. John L. Smith, of In-
diana.
.. By Mr. McMULLIN: Rev. D. S. Doggett, of
the District of Columbia.
By Mr. SPINNER: Rev. Antoinette L. Brown,
of New York.
By Mr. ELLIOTT: Rev, John Morris, of
"Kentucky.
By Mr. aUITMAN: Rev. Mr. Butler, of the
District of Columbia.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask that the gentlemen
"who have made these nominations shall state to
what denominations their nominees belong.
The SPEAKER. The names of the persons
nominated will be read, and, if 110 objection be
made, gentlemen will have the opportunity of
stating to what denominations their nominees
respectively belong.
The names of the candidates were then read,
and the following statements were made:
Rev. Daniel Waldo.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have nominated the
Rev. Daniel Waldo for his piety and revolution-
ary antecedents. He is a Congregationalist, I
■believe. I am a Methodist, which shows that I
111a not prosenptive. [Laughter.]
Rev. Franklin Moore.
Mr. K1DWELL. Mr. Moore is a minister of
the Methodist Episcopal Church, of Wheeling,
Virginia. He is a very able, eloquent, and pious
man.
A Member. Methodist—North or South?
Mr. KID WELL. He is a member of the
Northwestern Virginia Conference, He is a
graduate of the Washington College, Pennsylva
nia, and is a young man distinguished for his
piety, eloquence, and great ability.
Rev. Dr. Phineas D. Gurley.
Mr. BROOKS. Without the knowledge or
consent of the gentleman, I have nominated Rev.
Dr. Phineas D .•Gurley, of this city. He is a
member of the Old School Presbyterian denom
ination, and distinguished for his learning, dis-
tinguished for his piety, and distinguished for
his social propriety and position. In politics,as
in religion, ho is a Christian.
Rev. Arthur B. Bradford.
Mr, ALLISON. Mr. Bradford is a Free Pres-
byterian.
Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
Mr. GALLOWAY. Mr. Stockton is a min-
ister of the Methodist Protestant Church.
A Member. North or South ?
Mr. GALLOWAY. National. [Lausphter.]
Rev. Dr. Patten.
Mr. CLARK, of Connecticut. Dr. Patten is
a Congregationalist.
Rev. George W. Mitchell.
Mr. BROOM. Mr. Mitchell is a minister of
the Methodist Church—neither North nor South,
so far as I know. I know him only as a national
man.
Rev. Eli C. Botsford.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I will inform the House
that Mr. Botsford is an Old School Presbyterian
—a young; man of decided ability, and an orna-
ment to his profession.
Rev. George Hildt.
Mr. GREfcNWOOD. Mr. Hildt is a Method-
ist Episcopal clergyman of this city. He has
charge of the McKendree Church, on Massachu-
setts avenue, and so far as I know has kept him-
self clear of the dirty pool of politics.
Rev. D. S. Doggett.
Mr. McMULLIN. Without consultation with
this gentleman, I have taken the responsibility of
placing him in nomination. He has charge of one
of the Methodist churches of this city, and is the
editor of the Quarterly Review. So far as I know,
he has kept himself clear of politics.
Rev. Antoinette L. Brown.
Mr. SPINNER. _ During the late canvass I
was charged with being an infidel for having voted
for Miss Brown at the commencement of the first
session of thisCongress. Now, sir, I understand
that she is a regularly ordained Presbyterian
clergyman.
Mr. FLORENCE. Clergywoman. [Laugh-
ter.] _
Mr. SPINNER. I stand corrected. I said
that she was a regularly ordained Presbyterian
minister, and I understand that to be an evan-
gelical denomination. I believe, however, that
she has changed her name; and I fherefore make
the nomination Mrs. Antoinette L. Blackwell.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. I wish to know if it is in order to nom-
inate a woman as Chaplain to this House?
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. That will be for the House
to decide.
Mr. MORRISON. In view of the injunction
of St. Paul for woman to keep silence in the
churches, I think it would be decidedly out of
order to elect one as Chaplain of this House.
[Renewed laughter.]
Rev. Mr. Butler.
Mr. QUITMAN. I nominated Mr. Butler,
who is a clergyman of this city, of the Lutheran
church; but as the nomination was made with-
out his knowledge or consent, I will withdraw
it.
Mr. MACE also withdrew the name of Rev.
J. L. Smith.
Rev. John Morris.
Mr. ELLIOTT. Mr. Morris is a regular
Hard Shell Ironside Baptist clergyman. He is
a very pious man; and though not of eminent
ability, he has enough talent to pray for such a
crowd as this. [Great laughter.]
The roll was then called, with the following
result:
Whole number of votes cast, 204; necessary
to a choice, 103; of which—•
Mr. Waldo received 106
Mr. Moore   '  23
Mr. Gurley  2-2
Mr. Doggett    13
Mr. Stockton  9
Mr. Morris  7
■ .Mr. fatten  5
Mr. Bradford    4
Mr. IWdt  3
Mr. Mitchell  2
Mr. Rotsiord  2
Mr. Donyen  2
Mr. Sunderland    2
Mr. ltuter  1
Mr. liutler  1
Mrs. Blackwell..    2
The following is the vote in detail:
For Rev. Daniel Waldo—Messrs. Aiken, Banks, Barbour,
Hemy Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bishop, Bliss, Broom,
Bufiinton, Burlmgame, C'adwalader, James II. Campbell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Carhle, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Claw-
son, Clingman, Colfax, Comins, Crugin, Cullen, Dztmrell,
Hemy Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, De Witt, Dickson,
JDodd, Durfee, Emno,£theridge, Eustis, Flagler, Florence,
Foster, Giddings, Granger, Grow, Kobeit B. Hall, Harlan,
J. Monison Harris, Harrison, Haven, Hodges, Hoffman,
Thomas It. Horton, Valentine ii. Horton, Howard, Kelsey,
King, Knapp, Knowlton, Knox, Lindley, Mace, Alexander
K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Matteson, McCarty, Kil-
lian Miller, Millward, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Nichols,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Pame, Parker, Peck, Pelton,
Pennington, Piingle, Ready, Ricaud, Ritchie, Bobbins,
Sabin, Sage, Sandidge, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Samuel
A. Smith, Stanion, Straiwhan, Swope. Talbott, Tappan,
Thorington, Thurston, Tyson, Underwood, Vail. Valk,
Wade, Walbridge, Cadwaiader C. Washbume, Eliihu B.
Wasliburne, Watson, Wells, Whitney, Williams, Wood-
worth, and Zolheoffer.
For Rev. Franklin Moore — Messrs. Allen, Barclay,
Barksdale, Hendley S. Bennett, Bowie, Branch, Brenton,
Covode, Day, Edie, Edwards, Gilbert, Augustus Hall,
Houston, J. Clancy Jones, Kidwell, Leiter, Purviance,
Uuitman, Roberts, Savage, William Smith, and Wheeler.
For Rev. Dr. Gurley—Messrs. Bocock, Brooks, Howell
Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Crawfoid, Tlavidson, Den-
P.ir.^nd Tlirtm/n T Ti ti -.11   vr . .. ■
_ , , ,?ctt—Messrs. Akers, Caskie, Garnett,
Goode, Letcher, McMuIhn, Miilson, Mordecai Oliver
Powell, Puryear, Rivers, Trippe, and Walker.
For Rer. Thomas H. Stockton—Messrs. Albright. Ball,
Bingham, Galloway, Lake, Man ay, Pcttit,Todd, and Traf-
ton. 7
For Rev. John Morris—Messrs. Burnett. John P. Camp-
bell, Cox, Jacob C. Davis, Elliott, Herbert, and ilust.
for Rev. Dr. Patten—Messrs. Ezra Clark, Dean, Dick,
Welch, and Woodruff. '
For Rev. George Hint—Messrs. Greenwood, Pearce, and
Sapp. 7 '
lor Rev. Jlrthur B. Bradford— Messrs. Allison, Perrv,
Pike, and Israel Washburn.
2eorse w> Mitchell—Messrs. Edmundson and
William R. Smith.
For Rev. Eli C. Botsford—Messrs. Hughston and Wake-
man. •
For Rev. Mr. Donyen—Messrs. Kelly and Morrison,
For Ret. Byron Sunderland—Messrs. Cumback and Por-
ter.
For Rev. Mr. Ruter—Mr. English.
For Rev. Mr. Butler—Mr. Craige.
For Rev. Mrs. Blackwell—Messrs,. Mott and Spinner.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. MORRISON said: I vote for the Rev. Mr.
Donyen, a Jesuit priest of the city of St. Louis.
Mr. BROOM. I will withdraw the name of
Mr. Mitchell.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can ehanga
his vote, but he cannot withdraw the name of a
nominee.
Mr. BROOM. For the purpose of facilitating
business, I will change my vote from Mr. Mitchell
to Mr. Waldo.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I believe my vote
will make an election, and therefore I change it
from Mr. Stoc&ton to Mr. Waldo.
Mr. GALLOWAY. If I can have the con-
sent of the House, I will withdraw the name of
Mr. Stockton.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by unan-
imous consent.
Objection was made. *
After the roll was called, but before the result
was announced, numerous gentlemen changed
their votes from the other candidates to Mr.
Waldo.
The result having been announced,
The SPEAKER declared Mr. Waldo elected
Chaplain of the House for the present session.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. TYSON, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers in the ease of John Wood, for
the purpose of referring the same to the Court of Claims.
BREVET LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Some days since I made
an effort to get before the House a joint resolu-
tion, but it was objected to. I now offer it, and
if it is objected to, I move a suspension of the
rules.
The resolution was read for information, and
is as follows:
Joint Resolution explanatory of the joint resolution " au-
thorizing the President of the United States to confer the
title of lieutenant general by brevet," approved Febru-
ary 15,1855.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives in
Congress assembled, That the joint resolution approved
February 15,1855, " authorizing the President of the United
States to confer the title of lieutenant general by brevet/*
shall be so construed, from and after March 29, 3847, in
favor of the brevet lieutenant general appointed under the
said act while exercising command according to that rank,
as to entitle him to the pay, allowances, and staff specified
in the fifth section of the act approved May 28, 1798,
"authorizing the President to raise a provisional army,"
and also tlie allowances described m the sixth section of
the act approved August 23,1842, granting additional rations
to certain officers : Provided, however* and it is hereby de-
clared, That the brevet lieutenant general shall not, excep?
in time of war, be entitled to more than two aids and one
secretary.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the
resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. "With the permission of
the gentleman from Tennessee, I would like to
occupy two or three minutes in explanation of the
resolution.
Mr. BARKSDALE objected.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I then move a suspension
of the rules; and upon that motion 1 call for
tellers.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
130, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billmehur&t, Bingham, Bishop,
Bowie, Bradshaw, Broom, Buffinton, Burlmgame, Cad-
waiader, James II. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell,ChalTee,
Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, dawson, Clmgman, Comins,
Covode, Cragin, Cumback, RamrelJ, Jacob C. Davis,
Timothy Davis, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee,
Bdie, Edmundson, Elliott, Ethcridge, Eustis, Evan*, Flag-
ler, Florence. Foster, Gailowav, CarneU, (Albert. Granger,
Greenwood, Robert B. Hail, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris,
Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Haven, Hodges, Hoilman,
Holloway,, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine Si. Horton,
Howard, Hughston, Kelly, Kelsey. King. Knox, Knnkel,
Lake, Lindley, Mace, Alexander K. Marshall. Hum-
phrey Marshall, Matteson, McCarty, Millward. Morean,
Morrill, Morrison, Murray, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Paint*,
Parker, Peltan, Pennington, Pettit, Pike. Poiter, Prmele,
Purviance, Pur-year, Quitman, Readv, Bicami, Ritchie,
Rivers, Robbing, Roberts, Sabiu, Sage," Sapp, rfeott, Sher-
man, Simmons, William Smith, William K Smith, Stanton,
Stephens, Stranahan, Taltwtt, Tappan, Thormgton, Trai-
