180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
slofle he could get tlie information which seettis ||
to be necessary. . j
Mr. CLINGMAN. I see that the House is |
very impatient. I was about to say a word or j
two more, but I will only say, that if the gentle- j
man from Tennessee will look at the resolution i
lie will see that it merely proposes to give what
was payable under the old law, and therq£ore I j
presume, that if gentlemen are disposed to do j
what is generous, and what, I think, is fair, it ,
■will not be necessary to spend much tirhe in (lis- |
cussing this resolution. It follows the existing ■
law, and requires this payment to be made. I de-
mand the previous question.
Mr. McMULLIN. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw his demand for the previous question
for a moment that I may ask him a question. I
wish to know what amount is required to be paid
under this resolution ?
• Mr. CLINGMAN. I stated that it probably
covered the sum of §20,000.
Mir. McMULLIN. Then I ask the gentleman
from North Carolina to withdraw the previous
question for a moment, in order that I may
explain my volte.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama wishes to ask me a question.
Mr. Y/ALKER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether, if this resolution is adopted, it will
have any other effect than to carry out the
decision of the Attorney General upon (he exist-
ing resolution ?
for. CLINGMAN. That is all.
Mr. BURNETT. Will the gentleman with-
draw the demand for the previous question, that
I may ask him a question?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will do so, if there be
no objection.
Mr. BURNETT. I want to vote intelligently,
and I do not want to do General Scott injustice.
I desire to know whether, when the resolution
passed this House breveting General Scott as
Lieutenant General, it was not dcclarcd upon
this floor by hia friends that the purpose of the
resolution was not to increase his pay, and that
he would not ask for it?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I did not so understand;
but, on the eontrarv,-it was said that the resolu-
tion would 4£ivo him §30,000. I demand the
previous question ori ordering the resolution to
be engrossed, and read a third time.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and, under the
operation thereof, the resolution was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. CLINGMAN demanded the previous
question,on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is the resolution
engrossed ?
The SPEAKER. It has been read a third
time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. But it has not
been engrossed.
The SPEAKER. It is too late to make that
objection now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The House or-
' dered the resolution to he engrossed. Is it too
late to have the order of the ilouse executed?
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
passage of the resolution, on which the gentle-
man from North Carolina has demanded the pre-
vious question. The gentleman from Tennessee
objects to it upon the ground that the resolution
has not been engrossed. 1
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is too late to object. I 1
make that as a point of order. It has been re- ;
peatedly so decided. i
Mr. "JONES, of Tennessee. The engrossed ;
resolution has not been read.
The SPEAKER, The Chair is of opinion '
that the objection is taken too iate. The ques-
tion has been decided by this Congress upon an !
appeal to the House.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the resolution. ,<
The yeas and nays were ordered. :
The question was taken; and it was decided ,
in the affirmative—yeas 136, nays 54; as foi- j
lowss <• |
YEAS —Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Albright, Allison, Ball, •
Barbour, Henry Bennett, Benson, Billmghuret, Bingham, !
Bishop, Bowie, Bradshaw, Brooks, Broom, Btiffinton, Bur-
lin*ame, Cadwalader, James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Caruthcrs, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Chngman,
Oomins, Covode, Cragin, Cumback, Damrell, Henry VV in-
ter Davis, Timothy Davis, I)e Witt, Dick, Dickson, Doaa,
Durfee, Euie, Edmundson, Edwards, Elliott, Ethendge, ]
Eustis, Evans, Flagler, Florence, Foster, Galloway, Gar- t
nett, Gilbeit, Goode, Granger, Greenwood, Robert B. Hall,
Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Thomas L* Harris, Harrison, i
Haven, -Herbert, Hodges, Hoffman, Ilolloway, Thomas K.
IJorton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard, IIugh*ton, Kelly,
Kmc, Knox, Kunkel, Lake,Mace, Alexander K.Marshall,
Humohrey Marshall, Mattcson, McCarty, Killian Muler,
Milhvard, Moore. Morgan, Morrill, Momson, Murray,Nor-
ton, Andrew Oliver, Paine, Parker, Pearce. Pelton, len-
nington, Pettit, Porter, Pimgie, Purviance, Puryear, Q.iut-
man, Ready, Patcine, Rivera, llobbins, Roberts, Rust, Sabm,
Sa e, Sandidge, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, William
Smith, Stanton, Stephens, Stranalian, Talbott, Tappan,
Thonnston,Todd,Tnppe, Tyson, Underwood, Vail, Valk,
Wakeman, Walbridge, Walker, Warner, Cadwalader C.
Washhnrne, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Welch, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Winslow, Wood-
ruff, Woodwoith, and Zollicoflcr—138.
NAYS—Messrs. Barksdale.Hendley S. Bennett, Boeock,
Branch, Brenton, Burnett, Carhle, Caskie, Howell Cobb,
Williamson K. W. Cobb, Colfax, Crawford, Cullen, Day,
Dean, Emrie, English, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Giddings,
Giow, Augustus Hall,Houston,George W. Jones, Kidwell,
Knapp, Knowlton, Loiter, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S.
Marshall, Maxwell, MeMullin, McQuesn, Smith Miller,
Wilson, Mott, Nichols, Orr, Packer, Perry, Phelps, Powell,
Ruffin, Samuel A. Smith. Sneed, Spinner,Thurston, Traf-
ton, Wade, Watkins, Watson, Wells, Daniel B. Wright,
and John Vt Wright—54.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. CLARKE, of New York, stated that if
he had been within the bar when his name was
called, he should have voted in the affirmative. _
Mr. RICATJD made a similar statement in
respect to himself.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was passed, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion^vas agreed to.
EVELINA PORTER.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York. I desire to sub-
mit a motion that the vote by which the bill for
the relief of Evelina Porter was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time, be reconsidered.
I do not wish to have the motion acted on now,
but merely enter it.
The motion was received and entered.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce the following
resolution:
Resolved. That the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union be discharged from the further consideration
! of House bill No. 105, being a bill to establish a uniform
rule of naturalization, and to repeal all acts heretofore
< parsed on that subject, and the amendment thereto; and
!' th'it the said Committee be instructed to report the same
I back to the House, and the same is made the special order
'' oi the day in the Ilouse for Thuisday,the 15th day of Jan-
/ uaiy, 18')7, to be called up at one o'clock p. m. of said
; day, and it Mial! eontinue such special order from day to
day unnl the game shall be disposed of in the House.
;j Mr. FLORENCE and others objected.
;l Air. H. MARSHALL. I move to suspend
i1 the rules.
j| Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House do
i' now adjourn.
j! The question was taken; and on a division
; there were—ayes 66, noes 81.
| Mr. ENGLISH called for tellers.
! Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Zollicof-
! fer and Talbott were appointed.
! The question was taken; and the tellers re-
; ported—ayes 66, noes 85.
fi So the House refused to adjourn.
'j The question recurred upon the motion to sus-
1. pend tiie rules.
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and nays.~
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask for the reading of the
bill referred to in the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read unless
objection be made.
Mr. PURYEAR objected.
_ Mr. HOUSTON. X have the right to have the
bill read. The ilouse cannot be compelled to
vote on making a bill a sjjecial order without
knowing what the bill is. -
The SPEAKER. In the opinionofthe Chair
the bill cannot be read except by general consent. '
Mr. GROW. ] would itirjuirt' of the gentle- ,
man from Kentucky whether his resolution will 1
not interfere with the special order in respect to \
I territorial business ? j
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I will inform the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania that it does not.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to debatr.
Mr. GROW. I merely asked a question for
information, and I have the right to do that.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. PURYEAR. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I would inquire
of the gentleman from Kentucky whether he will
not so amend his resolution as to strike out that
part of it making the bill a special order; or if he
retains it, so modify it as to change the time to
which it is assigned?
Mr. McMULLIN. I object to all discussion
or explanation.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 89, nays 92; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Allison, Bali, Barbour, Bishop, Brad-
shaw, Broom, Buffinton, Burlingame, James II. Campbell,
Carhle, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, dawson, Connns, Covode,
Craflin, Cullen, Cumback, Damrell, Henry Winter Davis,
Timothy Davis, Dean, DeWitt, Durfee, Edie, Edwards,
Etherldge, Evans, Fester, Galloway, Gilbert, Granger,
Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Harrison,
Haven, Hodges, Hoffman, Ilolloway. Valentine B. Hoi ton,
Knapp, Knight, Kunkel, Lake, Leitor, Alexander K. Mar-
shall, Humphrey Marshall, Mill ward, Moore, Morrill, Nor-
ton. Andrew Oliver, Paine, Paiker, Pearce, Pelton, Pen-
niHton, Pettit, Pike, Porter, Pnngle, Purviance, Puryear,
Ready,Iticaud, Rivers, Robbing Roberts,Sage, Sapp,Scott,
Simmons, rfn<- ed, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan. Thonnff'on,
Thuiston, Todd, Trafton, Tnppe, Underwood. Valk,
Wakeman, Welch, Whitney, Woodruff, and Zoilicofler—
89.
NAYS —Messrs. Aiken, Aibriuht, Bark-^dale, Ilenry
Bennett, Ilcndley S. Bennett, Benson, Bit-**. Cocock,
Bowie, Branch, Brenton, Brooks, Burnett, Cjdvwihider,
Lewis D. Campbell, Caskie, Chngtnan, Howell Cobb,
Williamson R. VV. Cobb, Colfax, Ciaigc, Crawford, Day,
Dickson, Dodd, Edmundson,Elliott, Emrie, Enih-b, Fiag-
ler. Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Garuett,
Go'ode, Greenwood, Grow, Augustus Hall, j hurras L.
Hams. Thomas It. Horton, Houston, Howard. Hugh-ton,
George W. Jones, ICeitt. Kelly, Kelsey, Kidwell. Kimwiton,
Knox, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Matte-on,
Maxwell. McMulbn. Millson, Morgan, Murn*on. Mott,
Murray, Nichols, Oir, Peck, Perry, Phelps, Qimmuu. Rufim,
Rust, Sabm, Savage, Samuel A. Sumli. Wtlhd'n rimuli,
Spinner, Stephens, Talbott, Taylor, Wadii, Walbridge,
Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Wa^hbui'te. I-iael
Washburn. Watkuis, Watson, Wells-, Wheeler, Wil!inni«,
Winslow, Woodwortb, Daniel B. Wright, aud Jouri V.
Wright—92.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
NORTH CAROLINA ARSENAL.
® Mr. WINSLOW, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requited to
furnish to'thid House an estimate of the app opnaiions
necessary for the extension of the North Carolina arsenal,
to, render it an arsenal of construction, together vuiii the
amount heretofore expended in the construction or the
public buildings there.
ADJOURNMENT FOR TEN DAYS.
Mr. BROOM. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That the Pi^idr-nt of
the Senate and the Speaker of this Hou-e ve hen by di-
rected that, when they adjourn Their re-fH-tiv^ s on
to-morrow, they adjourn tliem to Monday, the r th day of
January next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. BROOM. I move tn snsn-'nd tbf rules in
order that the resolution may be introduced.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that thf do
now adjourn; and on that motion call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wright,
of Mississippi, and Albright, were a?>ponucd.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 86, noes 5G. *
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
the House (at ten minutes to fouro't loi-k, p. m.)
adjournr-d until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
j IN SENATE,
j Tuesday, December 1856.
| Prayer hv th«>Ohap]ain, Rev. Stki'Iikv P,ITh,l.
I The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
I PETITIONS.
! Mr. H AM LI N presented the petition ofTho^as
! C. Nye and George Chorpenniug, Jr., praying
j that a contract maybe entered into with them for
j carrying the mail from some point in the Missis-
