1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
sippi valley to San Francisco, in California;
•which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Cath-
arine Jacobs, widow of Francis Jacobs, who
served as a waiter in the military family of Gen-
eral Washington in the revolutionary war, pray-
ing to be allowed a pension under the act of
February 3,1853; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. BROWN presented papers relating to the
claim of Bud Higdon to a patent for land under
a warrant purchased by him of the administra-
tor of tilo person to whom it was issued; which
were referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of Richard
H. Long, praying to be allowed to locate a
preemption claim to a tract of land in Florida,
purchased by him of William B. Hansford, and
also a preemption claim held by him in his own
right; which was referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. BUTLER presented a report and resolu-
tions adopted by the Legislature of South Caro-
lina, in favor of fortifying Port Royal Harbor,
and the establishment of a navy-yard and coal-
ing1 station therein by the Federal Government;
which were referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT presented the memorial of Alex-
ander Randall, executor of Daniel Randall, late
Deputy Paymaster General, United States Army,
praying to be allowed further commissions on
disbursements made by the testator on account
of military contributions in Mexico during the
late war with that Republic; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. RUSK, it was
Qrdeied, That the petition of John It. Jefferson, on the
files of the Seriate, be leferred to the Committee*on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Bancroft Woodcock, on
the files of the Senate, he referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
Ilouse had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No.
31) explanatory of the joint resolution "author-
izing the President of the United States to confer
the title of lieutenant general by brevet," ap-
proved February 15, 1855.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following House bills and joint resolution
were read the first and second times by unanimous
consent, and referred as indicated below:
Joint resolution (No. 31) explanatory of the
joint resolution " authorizing the President of
the United States to confer the title of lieutenant
general by brevet,"approved February 15,1^55.
Referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
An act (No. 225) for the relief of Joseph Rich-
ards, of Berks county, Pennsylvania. Referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
An act (No. 254) for the relief of the heirs of
Samuel R. Thurston, late Delegate from Oregon.
Referred to the Committee on Claims.
An act (No. 298) for the relief of the owner
and crew of the fishing schooner Florilla. Re-
ferred t<>the Committee on Finance.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FLSSENDEN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Elias Hall, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 483) for the relief of Ehas Hall,
* of Rutland, Vermont; which was read, and passed
to a second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of John S. "Van Dyke, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 381) for the relief of Amos B. Corwine, re-
ported it without amendment.
OCEANIC TELEGRAPH.
Mr, SEWARD submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to communicate to the* Senate, if not incompat-
ible with the public interest, such information as he may
have concerning the present condition and the prospects
of a proposed plan for connecting by submarine wires the
magnetic telegraph lines on this continent and Europe.
WESTERN HARBORS.
Mr. STUART submitted the following resolu-
| tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
I sent, and agreed to:
| Resolved, That the Seeretaryof War be directed to com-
i municate to the Senate a copy of the survey and report of
Lieutenant Colonel Graham, of the harbors, &c., m Wis-
consin, Illinois, Indiana, and Michigan.
EMOLUMENTS OF LIEUT. GEN. SCOTT.
Mr. CLAY submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and j
agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to furnish the
Senate any information upon the files of the Departments
in relation to pay and emoluments of Lieutenant General
Scott or his staff, under the resolution of February 15,18oo,
which may not have been communicated m Executive
Document No. 56, first session Thnty-Fourth Congress.
COAST SURVEY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating the report of the Superintendent
of the Coast Survey, showing the progress of
that work during the year ending November 1,
1856, accompanied by a map prepared in obe- j
dience to the act of March 3, 1S53: which was -
read. !
Mr. JOHNSON. I send up a resolution, which !
I beg leave to submit in regard to that report. It I
is offered by me at the request of the Senator j
from Maryland, wHb is not in his seat to-day, |
the chairman of the Committee on the Library, •
[Mr. Pearce:] ;
Resolved. That ten thousand copies of the letter of the ■
Secietary of the Treasury, communicating the report of the '
Superintendent of the Coas>t Survey for the year 18^6, in
addition to the usual number, be printed—five thousand for !
the use of the Senate, and the lemainderlbr di.-mibution 1
by the Coa«t Suivey office; and that the same be punted j
and bound with the plates in quarto form, and that the '
punting of said plates shall be done to the satisfaction of the
j Superintendent of the Coast Sun-ey.
It is desirable that no delay should occur in the
printingof this document, f have consulted with :
the members of the Committee on Printing in re- '
gard to this resolution. It is a subject which we I
had under consideration last year; and the order j
for printing was framed m this manner to the 1
satisfaction of the committee, as well as of the >
Coast Survey office. I ask, therefore, with the j
assent of .the members of the Committee on \
Printing, that the resolution be adopted at once, j
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any !
estimate of the cost of publication, a's the rules i
require? j
Mr. JOHNSON. The cost wjjl be precisely j
the same as the publication of the work last year. > j
Perhaps it would be well to let the resolution he ;
over until I have the estimate brought forward, j
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* The resolution j!
will be laid over fur the present. ||
SURVEY OF RIVERS IN MARYLAND. j|
Mr. PRATT. I offer the following resolution: 'j
Resolved, That the Secietary of War be dueeted to have ■ i
compiled, iVu tne use of the Senate, a mapfiom the s-urvey j
of Major Abert of the Patu.xent river, in 1824, and from 'j
the survey of .Major Kearney of the St. Mary's river, m P
Maryland, in the same year, being *urveys oidered to be ij
made by the Hoard ot Internal Improvements,, under the |
late Gcnciai Bernard, to be compiled as one map, on a j j
suitable beale. :j
I will state the object of the resolution. It is 'I
known to the Senate that a project is on foot in ;j
England to establish a line of steamers to this ;;
country of very much larger draught than those ||
which have been heretofore used; and thediffi-]!
culty, as I understand from the agent of the il
parties engaged in the enterprise, is, that none !|
of the ports of the United States, so far as their :j
depth of water has been yet ascertained, is of ji
sufficient depth to enable them to run such a line I
of steamers here. I have learned, accidentally,'
, that the surveys to which the resolution alludes, j
! show that those rivers furnish water of fifteen '
1 feet depth up to the wharves, so that it will enable j
i the English people to establish such a line, if j
I they should hereafter desire it. A survey has ;
! been already made; and the resolution provides ;
only that that information may be given to the
public. It has been lying since 1824 in the
archives of the Government.
Mr. WELLER. If I understand this resolu-
tion it proposes to direct the Secretary of War to
compile and republish certain maps of surveys
now in his office. I should like to have some
idea of what will be the expense of that republi-
cation. I suggest whether it is not better to have
it referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. PRATT. I have not the slightest objec-
tion to that reference if it is desired by any one;
but I am informed by the chief of the bureau that
the cost will be about $3,GOO. It is certainly of
great merit, and one that will be useful to the
country, more than commensurate with the ex-
pense.
Mr. WELLER. My impression is, that un-
der the rules of the Senate the resolution neces-
sarily goes to the Committee on Printm*.
Mr, PRATT. I have not the.shghtest objec-
tion to that reference if any Senator desires it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will be referred to the Committee on Printing
under the rule.
Mr. JOHNSON. That reference is usually
made more upon questions of cost than anything
else. This is a matter that affects our commer-
cial relations very materially. If the Committee
on Printing were satisfied that it was a material
object, and one necessary to the prosperity of
any part of this Union, they would report in
favor of the printing. Would it not therefore be
better to refer the resolution to the Committee ort
Commerce ?
Mr. WELLER. Under the rule of the Senate
it necpssarily goes to the Committee on Printing.
That is the point I make. One of the objects we
had in view in the organization of that committee
was to decide this very question. If the Com-
mittee on Commerce take charge of the resolu-
tion, and report it back to the Senate, then under
the rules it will have to go to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. JOHNSON. I shall make no objection
to the reference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will be referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr. ADAMS. Some of the committees, I
understand, and I have no doubt of the fact,
require clerks; and in order that the appoint-
ments may be made, I ask the Senate to proceed
to the consideration of the resolution upon that
subject, and dispose of it in some way.
I'he motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the resolution offered by
Mr. Jones, of Iowa, in relation to the appoint-
ment of clerks to such of the standing commit-
tees of the Senate as have been heretofore author-
ized to employ them. An amendment to it was
reported by the Committee on Retrenchment, to
which Mr. Stuart oifcrod another amendment
when the subject was before under consideration.
Mr. Stuart withdrew his amendment; and the
amendment of the committee was modified so as
to strike out all of the original resolution after the
word '* Resolved,*5 and insert the following:
" That the authority to appoint permanent elerk^io com-
mittees (except as to the Comnvuoe on Printing and Com-
mittee on Finance) be. and the same is heteby, rescinded;
and that hereauer appointments, of cleiks to committees
shall be made by the consent of the Senate, upon application
of the committee desiring such eWk; and that no cleik of
a committee t-hall leeeivo any compensation for any other
public service during the time he siiali hold such appoint-
ment
Mr. BRODHEAD. I move to insert after the
words," Committee-on Finance." the words," and
the Committee on Claims." The Committee on
Claims of the Senate have had a permanent clerk
for several years past. I am a member of the
Committee on Finance, and also chairman of the
Committee on Claims—I have been chairman of
that committee for several years—and I beg leave
to say to the Senate, that a permanent clerk is
much more necessary to the Committee On Claims,
in consequence of the number of claims before
that committee, than to the Committee on Fi-
nance. There is necessity that the traditions of
the office and the records of the committee should
be kept. It becomes necessary also to have a
clerk who can go to the Departments on the busi-
ness of the committee. I undertake to say, and
