184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBE.
December 23,
because the clerk to that committee has to make
out indexes of the various subjects referred to it.
He has to make out a good many reports. He
has to investigate a great many cases; and, I
venture to say, there is not a clerk attached to
any committee of this body who performs more
laborious and important duties to Congress, than
the clerk of the Committee on Claims. Why,
.sir, it would be utterly impossible for the mem-
bers of that committee to investigate all the cases
presented to them—to go back to the annals of
the Government, and look into the precedents
which control our action in those cases; but the
services of the clerk, who is familiar with all the
legislation of the country from the earliest his-
tory of our legislation up to the present time,
who can turn to the volumes, who can turn to
the cases, who can turn to the reports made on
the various cases, and show us the precedents and
principles established, are eminently important to
the committee for the investigation of any case,
and without his services I do not see how the
committee could very well get along.
To be sure, these services might be rendered
during the time Congress is in session, and there
might be no important necessity to employ him
during the recess; but if there be any committee
that is entitled to such a permanent office, I think
the Committee on Claims is entitled to it above
any other; because clearly he can be, and is,
engaged during the recess in the performance of
important services. I understand that the clerk
of the Committee on Finance, and the clerk of the
Committee on Printing, have nothing on earth to
do during the rpcess.
Mr. JOHNSON. As I am chairman of the
Committee on Printing, I beg to contradict the
last statement of the Senator from Georgia. The
reason why the clerk of the Printing Committee
•was made permanent was explained at the time
to the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
and several other gentlemen. I know the neces-
sity for the clerk to the Committee on Printing;
and it was explained fully to the satisfaction of
the Senate. It was essentially necessary that
there should be some intermediate party between
the committee, when absent during the vacation,
and the parties who were to carry on the printing,
so as to protect the Treasury. I hope the Sen-
ator will not make that assertion again, when I
assure him to the contrary. Nearly all the work
of that committee is done in the vacation.
Mr. IVERSON. I was not aware of it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think that wherever a clerk
is necessary to a committee lie ought to be per-
manent 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hourfor
the consideration of the special order has arrived,
and it must be taken up, unless otherwise directed !
by the Senate.
Mr. PUGH. As this matter is connected with
the progress of business in our committees, 1
hope we shall come to a vote oil it, and dispose
of it some way or other. I move, therefore, the
postponement of the special order for thirty
minutes. 1
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. I think, Mr. President, the
better plan to adopt would be to appoint a special
committee to look into the condition of these
clerkships, inquire what committees" ought to
have them, ana then to graduate the compensa-
tion to be paid to each. We had some discus-
sion of the question at the heel of the last ses-
sion on a proposition to grant additional compen-
sation to the clerks, and I threw out a suggestion
of this kind at that time. I am satisfied this is
the best course, though it may not comport with
the views of sojjie Senators. The Committee
on Retrenchment probably have not looked into
this matter. I am very well satisfied from what
I have seen and heard, that there are some of
these clerks who are really entitled to very small
compensation compared with what others are
entitled to. Whilst one has a very large mass
or labor to perform, another has very little or
nothing to do, and he gets as much as the one
who has laborious duties to perform. It is dis-
tinctly understood that there is a great inequality
in the compensation received and the labor per-
formed by these various clerks. There are some
committees, as stated by the Senator from Ala-
rea.11y,never "lake any reports, and
yet they have clerks paid at the rite of six dol-
lars a day during the session. It seems to me
unjust, that a man who is employed here, and
has to work hard in the performance of his duties,
should have only six dollars a day, when a man
who sits in the committee room and hardly puts
his pen to paper or looks into a book, has the
same amount of six dollars. Let the price be
graduated. Let a committee be raised for the
purpose of ascertaining, in the first place, by in-
quiry among the various committees, whether
there is any necessity or propriety for employing
clerks at all, and if so, to ascertain the amount
and value of their services, and recommend com-
pensation accordingly. This might be done at
the end of the session. I do not propose now
to disturb the existing state of things, so far as
the clerks are concerned. Let the committees
have their clerks during the present session, and
pay them according to the compensation hereto-
fore fixed; but let us have a committee to look
into this matter during the present session, and
at its close report a plan which will put an end
to the difficulty.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would like to submit a
motion which may meet the views of a majority
of the Senate. This whole matter is not of very
great importance, and I do not see anything very
extraordinary or extravagant in allowing Sen-
ators some aid and assistance in their committees,
even when the committees have nothing whatever
to do. I shall have no hesitation in casting a
vote in favor of the proposition that each com-
mittee shall have a clerk, knowing very "well
that those clerks are employed (even when they
have nothing to do for their committees) in behalf
of the constituencies of Senators. The class of
men that are in this body, or ought to be here, it
seems to me, are sucfi as should have that kind
of aid and relief. The whole subject is a very
insignificant one. I believ^ that these clerks
ought to be made permanent, and feel free to
vote for that measure. I have no delicacy what-
ever in voting for it, and no apprehension as to
its extravagance. I look at the subject in this
light: I think this resolution ought to be laid on
the table, and let that system go on which has
already been established, and which certainly
presents no very crying evil to your considera- j
tion. I move to lay it on the table. !
Mr. BROWN. I ask my friend to withdraw j
the motion, to allow me to make a suggestion. \
If we lay the subject on the table, we shall have !
no clerks at all. |
Mr. JOHNSON. I will not insist on my mo- j
tion. I withdraw it for the present, but I may |
renew it hereafter. i
Mr. BAYARD. I agree mainly with the hon- '
orable Senator from Arkansas, but I think he will i
reach hisobjectinanotherway. Whatever is done j
with the amendment now pending, I shall make a }
motion to strike out all of the substitute except j
the portion which prevents double compensation, I
so as to leave the original resolution with the [
lestnction that no officer shall receive double pay. i
That I think a proper amendment on the part of i
the committee. As to the rest, I am willing to
leave to the judgment of every committee of °the
Senate whether they require a clerk or not, with-
out any application to the Senate, under the res-
olution as originally introduced. If they choose
to ask for one when they are not entitled to it,
the responsibility rests upon them. I am willing
to take^ that course without the necessity of
having individual applications. I know that the 1
result will be the same m the end. S
Mr. EVANS. I desire to say only a word
upon the subject. Whatever is done ought to be i
done m conformity with some principle." I have |
?' ,„ investigation of the contingent expenses I
of the Senate, and I know that there is upon this !
subject great irregularity. For example, nt the i
last session, the chairman of the Committee on
finance moved to have a permanent clerk at
81,800 a year. I did not object to it. In the I
course of the session the chairman of the Com- '
mittee on Claims moved a resolution makin^his :l
clerk a permanent clerk at the pay of six dollars 11
a day. The result is that the clerk of the Com-.!
mittee on Claims got six dollars a day for three '!
hundred and sixty-five days, making fcg,]90, and I
at the close of the session the extra compensation I
III 'f .'/ o11 ma<io his Pay 82,440; and the I i
«T SOn ir°!T,'"0e 0n Fi a ce received i|
$1,810, and adding fcbO as extra compensation,;!
he got $2,050. The other committee clerks for
the session received $1,680 and §250 added to
that, making $1,930. If we are to have perma-
nent clerks let them be uniform and let the same
pay be given to all. The clerk of the Committee
on Claims has been paid regularly six dollars a
day for all the year ever since I have been in the
Senate, until last year the committee decided
that by the resolution he was put on the same
footing with all other clerks of committees, and
we refused to pay him by the year. At the close
of the session, however, the chairman got an
order that he should be continued permanently,
without saying anything about the pay, and of
course he receives six dollars a day for the whole
year. That is his demand, that he has been
paid, and he has been allowed twenty per cent
on that. Whatever is done ought to be done in
conformity with some principle. If the chairman
of the Committee on Claims insists upon having
his clerk, I hope he will put his salary on the
same footing as that of the clerk of the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. BRODHEAD. That is my intention—
to put him on the same footing with other clerks.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to amend the resolu-
tion so as to make it read:
Resolved, That such of the standing committees as were
authorized to employ clerks during the last session, and
have not permanent clerks, be authorized for the pres-
ent to employ clerks, to date from the commencement of
the session ; and hereafter the permanent clerks shall re-
ceive a salary of $1,800 per annum ; and no clerk to a com-
mittee shall receive any compensation for any other public
service during the time he shall hold such appointment.
The effect of that will be this: There are three
permanent clerks at present under the orders of
the Senate. I have no objection to their stand-
ing, but they certainly ought not to receive more
than the fixed salary of $1,800 perannum, which
is the usual salary of clcrks when they are per-
manent. It leaves the clerks of com rniitees stand
as before, and it provides the specific restriction
of the Committee on Retrenchment, which is an
exceedingly proper one, that no double pay for
extra duties shall be allowed.
Mr. WELLER. I wish to ask mv friend from
Delaware a question. I believe the'Senate have
already decided that the Committee on Claims
shall not be allowed to employ a permanent clerk.
The effect of the proposition of the Senator from
Delaware will be to reverse the action of the Sen-
ate and allow that committee to employ a perma-
nent clerk.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not so understand it. It
may not be exactly the same proposition as that
rejected, though embodying it in part. That was
an amendment to an amendment, which applied
to a single subject-matter. This reverses the
whole action in that respect, and leaves the per-
manent clerk standing with his salary. It em-
bodies other matters in a different shape entirely.
A vote of the Senate might consistently be in
favor of my amendment, and yet averse to that
proposed before, which would have left the clerk
to the Committee on Claims with a salary of
$9,400 a year. This alters it. The effect of this
amendment will be to put him on the same foot-
mg with the clerk of the Committee on Finance,
or any other permanent clerk, which, I think,
ought always to be a fixed salary, and that should
be about the sum you allow the clerks in the De-
partments. Therefore I think the proposition is
essentially distinct from that on which the Senate
have passed.
Mr. WELLER. I did not present it as a
question of order. I have no doubt the Senate
has a right to reverse the decision just made; but (
1 desire it to be understood by the Senate that
-.hey are now called upon to pass on a proposi-
tion.apartof which was embraced m thatnlready
passed on by the Senate. In other words, the
Senate have refused to give that committee a per-
manent clerk; and my friend from Delaware has
introduced the same proposition m a different
shape. If his amendment be adopted by the
Senate, he will have attained what the Senate
have refused to give in another form.
Mr, BAYARD. ! cannot exactly see how
that is. It is one thing to propose a permanent
