TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
Kenning & Munford's reports, on the discovery
of some new evidence, Virginia was mulcted in
#700,000 or #800,000. She came to Congress,
and in 1832 Congress assumed the dgbt on the
principle of the assumption act of 1790, and has
continued to pay these people until this day. I
know that, within the last four years, several
hundred thousand dollars have been paid for that
class of cases. It was not pretended by these
officers themselves that they rendered any merit-
orious service; it was not pretended that they had
even been called into the active service of the
country after their enlistment in pursuance of the
resolution; but it was contended that they had
made a contract, and they averred their readiness
to perform it. The courts at first scouted the
claim; but finally, on the discovery of some new
testimony, they allowed it on the ground that
the parties were entitled to it by contract. Vir-
giniapaid. the commutation, and Congress assumed
the debt and reimbursed her.
X say, then, that this bill is for a class of men
•who do not appear to have rendered meritorious
service. It includes all the officers coming under
the resolution of October, 1780. That resolution
applied to the officers then m the Army who
should continue until the end of the war or until
their reduction by the Government. Many of
them were very soon reduced. Many of them
never fought a battle or saw an enemy. Those
who enlisted for three years, those who had
served, those who had fought in battle, were not
within the provisions of the resolution. A man
might have served during the whole seven years
of the Revolution, as many of them did, and not
come under the provisions of the resolution. A
man may have fought at every battle-field in the
Revolution, and not get the benefits of this bill.
Cases can be shown where it can be traced by
undeniable record evidence that men entered the
service on the first day and were engaged until
the firing of the last gun, but they do not come
under the provisions of this bill.
Many officers wanted to resign in 1780. It was
necessary to do something for them in the future.
The termination of the war was uncertain. It
was one of the darkest periods of the Revolution.
Many of the patriots of that day said, " We will
not enlist under this resolution; it may be that
the war will last ten years; but we will stay as
long as we can; we will stay as long as we can
support our wives and children, but we will not
bind ourselves to the Government to stay until the
end of the war." Many of those men remained
until the last gun was fired, but they do not come
within the provisions of this bill, though some
who did not serve an hour in fact, who happened
to be enlisted in 1780, are included under its
provisions.
That resolution being a contract, I am for the
contract. Our fathers complied with the contract.
This very question was referred to revolutionary
officers, the men of the revolutionary age; men
getting its benefits; honest, patriotic men; men
subsequently honored by the confidence of the
country in peace as well as in war. On the com-
mittee upon this subject was Colonel Monroe,
afterwards President of the United States. They
refused to admit any man who was not included
in the resolution. Mr. Monroe served during
the war, and he worked his way from the ranks
to a colonelcy. Some of these men had been
called from the service into civil employment.
Another distinguished Virginian was taken out
of the military^serviee and put upon that com-
mittee. He never applied for this money, but
appeals have been made by his heirs since I have
been in Congress, and the two Houses would not
let them have it because he was not within the
letter of the contract. The matter stood solely
on contract, not on any merit; and the committee
reported, which report was unanimously con-
firmed by Congress, that the resolution ought
not to be enlarged so as to include anybody not
coming within its terms.
This bill excludes a large and most meritorious
class of men who fought during the whole of the
Revolution and received nothing but their daily
pay in a depreciated currency. They are ex-
cluded, while a class of officers who, in 1780,
happened to be in (he service and agreed to serve
to the end of the war, and continued practically
some six and some twelve months in service,
until the reduction of the army took place, are to
receive a large sum. In 1783, before the final
ratification of the treaty of peace, these men
came to Congress, and instead of the half pay
for life promised by the resolution of 1780, asked
for commutation. This -«as d uring the time they
were in service, when the resolution of 1780 was
unexecuted, for they were not to get half pay
■until the reduction took place. They themselves
petitioned the Congress of the United States, in
lieu of half pay for life to give them some money
as an outfit, to give them, a fund in hand, to give
them five years full pay or ten years' half pay,
which, on a computation upon legal principles
then established in England, where the rate of in-
terest is very low, would be equal to fifteen years'
payment of half pay. At that time, when money
was very scarce and property relatively very low,
the five years' full pay in hand was probably
worth twenty-five years' half pay. It was con-
sidered by some of the public men of that day
as a hard bargain for the Government. It was
thought that the Government had given more
than the average of the lives of the officers was
then worth; but they were not inclined to scruti-
nize closely. The officers wanted a fund in hand,
and Congress gave it to them. Congress passed
the resolution of 1783 at their own revest, and
its acceptance was to be determined voluntarily
by themselves, by a majority of the officers of
the army of the United States by lines.
I have in my desk some of the unpublished
papers of General Greene. I hope they will soon
be published, because there are in them many
revolutionary reminiscences, valuable for an occa-
sion like this, even for the administration of
justice in this case. I have had access to them
through the kindness of his son. When the ques-
tion was put to the officers of the respective lines,
in no case have I been able to find, m the public
records or private papers of the officers, that a
single officer of the army of the United States
objected to it. There cannot be found, as far as
my researches have extended, a single case of a
protest or a refusal to accept, except the single
instance of General Washington, when he was
President of the United States.
Mr. IVERSON. Allow me to interrupt my
colleague for a moment. A paper has been sent
to me on the very subject now referred to by him,
with the request that I should read it to the Sen-
ate if it should be stated that there was no protest
made by any officer of the Revolution. Without
intending to speak of the truth or sincerity of the
paper, knowing nothing about it but that it came
from a Mr. McLane, who is the descendant of a
revolutionary officer, I will, as he has requested
me to do so, do him the justice to read it to the
Senate, with the consent of my colleague.
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly.
Mr. IVERSON. This is an extract from a
report of a committee of the House of Repre-
sentatives, made January 11, 1816, on the peti-
tion of Colonel Allen McLane for half-pay:
" Mr. Chappell, chairman of the committee, reported :
" That the petitioner was a highly meritorious officer in
the revolutionary army, attached to Colonel Henry Lee's
legionary corps, and served until November, 1782, when,
by permission of General Washington, he retired on half
pay for life. Restates that some time after he left the army,
he applied at the office of the Auditor of Accounts for his
half pay, when he was informed that Colonel I ^ee had com-
muted it; and that consequently he was not entitled to it,
and that he must take a certificate of live years' full pay in
lieu thereof. He denied Colonel Lee's authority to com-
mute for him, and alleges that he never did commute. He,
however, admits that, being indebted and hard pressed for
money, and finding that he could not obtain a settlement of
his accounts for half pay, he did, under these circumstances
of necessity, accept a certificate of five years' full pay, pro-
testing at the same time against its legality. He also admits
he received from Congiess a warrant for three hundred
acres of land, and states he was compelled to part with his
certificate and warrant for very small sums."
Mr. TOOMBS. My remark was, that in my
researches I had found no protest, nor do I believe
this paper. My statement is not affected by it,
nor was this a very appropriate place to put itin. i
I had occasion formerly to examine this subject i
in another branch of the Legislature; and I say j
that there is nothing to be found on the records, •
to the extent of my researches. That is as far !
as I go. If there be any protests, sueh cases are
a class of themselves; but it is certain that a ma-
jority assented. A majority unquestionably as-
sented, because the resolution required the consent
to be by a majority. If there be any protest, I
might look with consideration on the pressure of
the times, and the necessity of the officer, and I
might not hold him bound if he did protest. That
would present a case for the consideration of
Congress, if the allegation were sustained; but I
do not consider the statement of the party thirty-
six years after the event took place to be proof
of it. Prom the paper which has been read, it
does not seem that there was any protest made
to the Government. The party may have meant
simply that he said he was opposed to it. The
memorial is utterly worthless, for the man whom
he says commuted for him could do no such
thing. The statement on its face shows that it
is not true, because Colonel Lee could not have
commuted for him. No authority could com-
mute for him but a vote of the line; and therefore
I say it shows his entire ignorance of the fact
stated, and hence this statement is not true.
Whatever may be the real facts of the case, no
officer could commute for another; and nothing
short of a majority of the line could effect that
commutation. The lines could reject the offer
if they pleased, and take the half pay for life. I
say again, that the records of this Government,
as far as my researches have gone, show no
instance of any protest. In some former remaiks
I called on the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims to inform me
whether he knew of any, and he stated that he
knew of none at that time.
Mr. EVANS. I did not know of any; but I
know that it is stated in one of the reports which
have been made on this subject, that some officers
objected to it. The fact that they took the cer-
tificates is not evidence that they assented.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then I am correct in my state-
ment. The records of the Government furnish
evidence that every' one of them was paid his
commutation; but they do not furnish evidence
that any of them protested. The honorable chair-
man, however, says that is no evidence that they
assented. I say it is. I say the receipt of the
money without protest is conclusive evidence, at
least until the country is shown that they did
not protest. I assert, again, that a majority of
the officers must have assented before the reso-
lution of 1783 could take effect at all. Therefore
I assert that a majority of the officers of the Rev-
olution, by a petition from themselves, procured
this resolution to be passed, and referred its
acceptance to their comrades in arms. They
presented their petition to Congress before the
treaty of peace was concluded. Congress agreed
to offerthem the terms of commutaf ion which they
asked; they accepted them; received the money,
and remained satisfied. With the exception of a
few cases, which I have found by looking through
your congressional records — they do not go to*
a dozen; my opinion is they do not go to five.
These officers lived and died contented with it,
and never uttered one syllable against it. Some
few of them came up afterwards, probably hunted
up by claims agents throughout the United States,
and pretended that they had protested, without
furnishing the slightest evidence of any such pro-
test. The claim has grown, because you have
gone into the business of reaching the public
Treasury. Years have been spent by these peo-
ple; and now, when the pensions have run out—
and it took nearly a hundred years for them to
run out—when they are gone, the people who
prowl about, and make fortunes by peddling in
pretended patriotism and the sufferings of our
fathers, hunt up these.claims. The list of revo-
lutionary officers is accessible to them; and prob-
ably they have written throughout the United
States, made contracts with heirs, and claim
large benefits, on the ground that they get the
votes of Senators here. They urge, as a reason
for their compensation, that probably they own
you, sir, or me. They, of course, would as soon
say one as the other; perhaps they would rather
claim one to whom they had no title. They no
doubt represented that for a large percentage
they would procure the passage of this bill—a
bill without any merit in justice, without any
merit in law, but against botlj.
Tiiere is another objection to this bill of a most
extraordinary character. Remember that the
commutation was accepted by the officers. In
1828, after the lapse of forty-seven years from
the battle of Yorktown, the last important action
of the war, Congress passed a law giving the full
pay lo all the surviving officers. This bill stops
at 1826. After 1826, the soldier himself received
