1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Wt
the full pay; and, therefore, if this matter stands
upon justice, we ought to deduct from the half
pay proposed to be allowed to the heirs, the
amount of full pay which the soldier himself got.
This bill stops at 1826, although the act of 1828
gave pensions commencing in 1826 to the sur-
vivors.
It is alleged in this report that the officers were
compelled to part with * the commutation certifi-
cates—that they were forced by their necessities
to sell them. This maybe; but the Government
did exactly what it agreed to do. It agreed to
pay them m money, or public securities, or obli-
gations bearing interest. These are the words
of the resolution. Congress had no money, but
said to these men, "we will pay you in public
securities."' The records of the country vindicate
the honor of our ancestors. They paid every
dime, principal and interest, at maturity. The
depreciation of Government stock is no ground
of claim. Within the last nine or ten years, I have
known stocks for which this Government received
one hundred cents to the dollar, fall to ninety-
eight in the hands of the purchasers. In the last
war with Great Britain, our securities fell to forty.
Many a man hard pressed was compelled to sell
his securities at the market price, but that was
not owing to any want of faith in the Government;
and this was not owing to any want of faith in the
Government. If these men took their five years'
full pay and sold it, that was their own fault
or misfortune, because, if they had held it, they
would have received the full amount. They
wanted a present fund in hand; they commuted
for that purpose. If they had let it run on, and
got their half pay at the end of the ten years, even
• then the credit of the Government was good. The
new Government was established in 1789; the
debt was funded in 1790, and no such deprecia-
tion would have taken place4. When the Gov-
ernment has complipd with its obligations strictly,
fairly, and honorably, the fact that the money
market was in such a condition, or the necessi-
ties of the officer so great that he was compelled
to take less than the face of the certificate, is that
any ground of claim ? When was it ever con-
tended in any country, in any age, that the debtor
ought to be liable for the depreciation to the
creditor?
If I give my promissory note, payable two
years hence, though the person to whom I give
it might have no doubt of my solvency, he could
f not get the cash for it to-morrow in Wall street
without paying a large percentage—probably the
best paper could not be sold for less than two per
cent, a month. The necessities of theparty might
drive him to pay the two per cent. The value of
the money enables the holder to give it; but
would he be allowed to come on the drawer of
the note, if he discharges his obligation, meets it
promptly at maturity, to make up the loss incurred
by reason of the hardships or poverty of the
debtor? I comply with my contract; I am not
bound to pay until the two years; and if the debtor
is so hard pressed for money, and money is so
dear that he cannot realize at seven percent., and
has to pay more, I am not responsible. In this
case, the Government paid its obligation at ma-
turity to the utmost farthing. It was not in de-
fault an hour. It discharged its duty; it complied
strictly, literally, honorably, and honestly with*
every undertaking that it made in reference to
this class of officers, and they were the only class
of men of the Revolution of whom this can be
said.
I assert now that the Government not merely
complied strictly with her contract—they de-
manded of her, and she gave them the pound of
flesh—but they were the only public creditors of
the revolutionary army to whom she did full
justice. What was the fate of the soldiers?
The soldier served during the war for eighty dol-
lars. I hold in my hand one of the certificates
for eighty dollars. It has never until now been
out of the box m which the man who received it
placed it at his own death, thirty-five years ago.
when this currency was issued, it was at the
nominal value of forty to one, and it got down to
four hundred to one, and hence many of the old
soldiers of the Revolution threw it in their desks.
You pay nothing on this certificate. I claim an
undeniable right to this, and can trace it to the very
soot where it was placed. It stands in the first
degree to him who received it from the Govern-
ment. The agreement upon its face is for eighty
dollars—to be paid in Spanish milled dollars.
Those patriotic people who furnished supplies,
who furnished arms, who furnished ammunition,
when they took your public currency for the
absolute necessities of daily service, knew that
it was depreciated. They might have entered
the market town when it was ten to one; but be-
fore they left, especially if officers came by and
Eut it out in sheets, it might be worth only one
undred to one. When Congress passed the
resolution to pay the eighty dollars to the soldiers
who served during the whole war, the currency
stood at forty to one; but by the time they
printed and stamped them and sent them to the
paymasters of the United States—I have it under
the hand of a revolutionary soldier—they were
eight hundred to one in the scale of depreciation.
The contract with these men is overlooked here.
It has been hardly worth the attention of claim
agents, I suppose, to look them up. The amount
is too small. The blood of many of them was
shed in the public service. To get this eighty
dollars they had to serve for the whole war.
These other men may not have served a day in
actual service; they could not have served by
possibility three years; but many of the others
served their five and seven years, fully ended and
completed; and if they took a furlough for one
month, and their time lacked that amount of fully
completing the contract, the Government of that
day refused to allow it, and no subsequent Gov-
ernment has ever paid it. Here, however, these
men came forward and made a new contract,
accepted pay under it in 1783; and now in 1856,
seventy years afterwards, gentlemen say, " Let
us do justice to the descendants of these people!"
The report of my friend from South Carolina
admits that this is not based upon any obligation
of law. He knew that he could not stand upon
that ground for a moment. His report says:
11 Gratitude for the service rendered by the officers of the
revolutionaiy army may impose the obligation to ptovidc
for their descendants that reward which was due to their
ancestors, but the same obligation does not extend to coliat- '
erals." 1
If it is the gratitude of the nation, why not give
it to all ? Is nothing due to the soldier who
fought for the whole war, and got no commuta-
tion ? These men to whom I refer may have
served every day, but they got no commutation,
because they did not agree to serve to the end of
therwar? They did not enlist for that time.
They may have served. They may have quit
one month before the close of the war. Many
of the most patriotic men, after the battle of
Yorktown, when the preliminaries of peace were
signed in 1782, retired to their farms, and worked
for their wives and children to make a living for
themselves; but they did not serve to the end of
the war, and got no commutation. They stayed
as long as their country wanted them, and they re-
lied upon their own exertions for support. Those
who stayed when the country did not want them
to the end of the war, under a contract, got the
benefit of the contract which they made with the
Government; and therefore I say they are the
least meritorious of all the men of the Revolution
as a class—I speak not of the individual men.
Many of them, doubtless, were among the best
and bravest patriots of the Revolution; but as
a class they were the least meritorious of the
soldiers of the Revolution. The man who fought
as long as his country needed him, and quit
when the service was over—when the country
had no further use for him, was a more meritor-
ious man than he who continued in the army for
the purpose of getting his half pay for life. The
one class is included; the other is excluded.
The 'honorable chairman of the committee
further says in his report:
" If these were legal debts, then they should be paid to
the legal representatives, and would be assets to pay debts,
and distributable to the next of km ; but the legal obliga-
tion was discharged by the election to receive the com-
mutation.
The report tells you that the legal obligation
was discharged by the election to take the com-
mutation; and now we are asked to give the
bounty of the Government to this class of officers.
I appeal to any Senator who hears me, when you
come to the question of bounty, are they pecu-
liarly entitled to the bounty of the Government
more than others ? The report of my honorable
friend itself declares that the legal obligation was
discharged by the ejection to receive the commu-
tation. If you are to give bounty for services",
on what principle is-it that you excludo those who
may have served during the whole war, and every-
body except those who got the commutation?'
But the bill is as remarkable for what is included
as for what is omitted. The report acknowledges
that there is one set of cases not within the reso-
lution which Congress for sixty years refused to
acknowledge; but these cases, he says, are cases
of peculiar hardship. Does not every Senator
know, that if you look among the descendants of
the men of the Revolution, you could hardly find
a case standing isolated by itself which was not
a case of outrageous hardship? It was hardship
to all—poor pay, hard fare, continual danger of
every sort. The men of that day lived amid
hardships the whole time. Bring up any par-
ticular case, and I can show you equal hardship.
I see no reason for admitting the provision to
which I allude into this bill, which is admitted
to be outside of the principle, merely on the
ground that it is a case of peculiar hardship. If
so, make it the occasion for a private bill.
Another fatal objection to the bill is, that it does
not include those State lines with whom the same
contract was made, and who should necessarily
be included, if you go on the principle of the
assumption act of 1790. Every one of the Vir-^
ginia line, and of the other State lines with whom *
a contract for commutation was made, should be
included. Are they included in the bill? The
persons entitled to commutation were of two
sorts: those who were officers of the Continental
line, and those who were officers of the lmes of
the different States.
Mr. EVANS. The States generally did not
give any commutation. Pennsylvania and Vir-
ginia did. Pennsylvania paid, and I suppose it
constituted a part of the charge which was funded
in 1791. Virginia did not pay until afterwards.
Mr. TOOMBS. This excludes the Virginians
and Pennsylvanians who were entitled to the
same bounty as the Continental line, because
those States agreed to give their troops the same
advantages which the nation gave to the national
troops. In 1790, this was put in the assumption
act as to both States. Congress allowed each
State compensation for what she had spent in the
general and the particular defense. T*he obliga-
tions of the States to their own troops in the
particular defense of the State, where there were
similar provisions, were assumed; and carrying
out that idea, the act of 1832 was passed to pay
the people whom Virginia would not pay in 1790.
All that Virginia had paid up to 1790 was settled
in the act of that year, assuming the revolution-
ary debts of the different States of the Union; but
this class she refused to pay. Afterwards, the
officers having recovered from her in her own
courts, she came to Congress and said, " You
should assume these debts; they were incurred
in the particular defense; they are on the principle
of the assumption act, and you ought to pay
them." She appealed justly, and Congress did
pay them, and they ought to go into this bill. I
am not authorized to speak for Virginia; but it
seems to me that her State line, who have been
paid this commutation by the Government of the
United States, stand on precisely the same prin-
ciple as those in the Continental line who are
included in the bill. If you pay the one, why
should you exclude the heirs of those men of the
Virginia State line, who had precisely the same
rights? Why should they be excluded by this
Government, which has assumed the debts of
every State for every dollar expended either in
the general defense, or in the particular defense
of the State ? I recollect looking through the
settlements, but I do not care to rip them up. It
is rather a long story. It may be necessary to
refer to the condition of some of the States to
show the crying injustice of this act. I think that,
according to the assumption act of 1790, most of
the States got a premium in advance of what they
ought to have been paid, except Vermont and
Georgia.
One groat reason for that was, that Vermont
had been recently settled, and her people fought
all along the line very quietly. New York claimed
her territory, and Vermont was in a singular con-
dition. There was a kind of triangular duel, so
far as she was concerned, between New \ork,
Great Britain, and the United States, and she was
