ty H'ysumws
1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
vote against the bill, I must ask the attention of
the Senate for a few minutes while I state the
reasons which will induce me to give that vote.
I have given to this case as much examination as
my time would permit since it was introduced
into the Senate, and I confess to you that I am
not able to see any tenable ground upon which it
can stand. The report, as has been shown by
theSenatorfrom Georgia, made by the committee
itself, states unqualifiedly that this is not an in-
debtedness, and assigns that as a reason why the
fund is limited to certain heirs. "
Now, at the threshold, the question presents
itself, under what provision of the Constitution
do you get the authority to pass this bill ? If it
is not an indebtedness for which the Government
of the United States is liable, where is the au-
thority under the Constitution of the United
States to take the public money out of the Treas-
ury, and bestow it on what the committee says
is a gratuity ? I confers that I am entirely unable
to find any such authority. Do not let us be
mistaken, Mr. President, on this proposition. I
read from a portion of the report:
" The provision id confined to the officer, his widow,
and hneal descendants—collateial relatives an1 excluded.
Gratitude lor the services rendered by the officers of the
revolutionary aimy may impo-se the obligation to piovide
for their descendants tiiat reward which was due to their
ancestors, but the same obligation does not extend to col-
iate^als.',
Placing the provisions of this bill, you will
see, on the ground of gratitude. Let us go on:
" If these were legal debts, then they should be paid to
the legral representatives, and vvouW be assets to pay debts,
and diritubutabJe to the next of km; but the legal obligation
was discharged by the election to receive the commutation.
The payments to be made under the provisions of this bill
are m the nature of a gratuity, founded on a motal, lather
♦ than a legal, obligation, and the reason for allowing interest
does not apply."
I ask again, under what clause of the Consti-
tution of the United States does Congress find
the power to take money out of the Treasury to
pay a debt of gratitude; and by what authority
is it limited as it is in the bill, if it is a legal ob-
ligation due for a debt undischarged?
As I do not intend to detain the Senate to
amplify any of my positions, I wish to proceed
to consider for an instant this alleged debt of
gratitude. The basis of the claim is a contract
originally entered into by the Government on the
one side, and the officers on the other. Who
constituted the Government? The people. Does
not this stand precisely, in a moral point of
view, as if six men agreed to pay the seventh a
certain sum of money, provided he performed a
certain service. He performs the service. They
pay him in the manner agreed upon—that is, by
their note, drawing six per cent. He takes the
note into the market, and sells it at a discount.
The day of payment arrives, and the six men
pay the original amount, together with the inter-
est, dollar for dollar. Now, I should like to
know what gratitude the six men owe to the
seventh; and I should like to know, looking at it
in this point of view, if the descendants of the
soldiers of the Revolution who pay this money
owe any debt of gratitude to those who sold
their claims against them at a discount? Yes,
sir, your ancestors and mine, you and I, your
children and my children, are simply engaged in
paying a liability that we assumed toother an-
cestors, other persons,and other children,equally
benefited by the act. It seems to me that there
is a species of blindness when we come to speak
of the Government of the United States, as if that
were some independent legal tribunal, constituted
by law, and not the people.
Was this contract honorably made ? The
answer is in the affirmative. Has it been hon-
orably discharged? The answer is in the affirm-
ative. What is left? I deny, Mr. President—
and I call attention of Senators to the position—
that there is either legal or moral liability. "What
was the contract? It may be said in a breath,
that if the Government of the United States had
known that the war would have terminated so
soon after the contract as it did, they would not
have made it. It was a large price for the ser-
vices performed. It was a contract made near
the close of the war. It was not for what these
men had done, but for what they would do. If
the Government had known that it was to be a
life half pay ijpr some two or three years' service,
the contract would never have been made. Rut
it was made, and there was every legal, every
moral obligation existing on the part of the coun-
try to carry it out.
What has been done since? The Government
went to the outside border of gratitude when i£
passed a law to pay the officers who were living,
according to the principle that is now contended
for in this bill, if I could find the constitutional
authority, and could be shown a living officer
to-day who had not been paid his money, I would
pay it, so far as my vote is concerned. But who
are the recipients? I may be misinformed; but I
understand that the President of the United States,
and perhaps a brother of his, will receive as
the amount due for the services of their father
some $12,000 or $14,000 under this bill—the Sen-
ator from Alabama says $16,000. I do not men-
tion this for any purpose except to show the
enormity of the provisions of the bill, for no mat-
ter whether the individual be the President or
a private citizen, those who are the recipients
under this biil do not need the gratuity of the
Government. That is the position. They are
men, women,and children, in many respects, and
in most respects, I think, who are really not suf-
fering. Sir, the descendants of the officers have
grown wealthy with the descendants of the sol-
diers and the descendants of the other people of
the Revolution, by their industry, by their econ-
omy, by their frugality. We all stand to-day,
as a people, upon a nearer level, in a pecuniary
point of view, than perhaps any other people in
the world. I ask again, why pass a bill, the ben-
efits of which go to people who are worth their
thousands,in some instances their millions, say-
ing at the same time that it is not a legal debt,
but is in the lictture of a gratuity, resting upon a
principle of gratitude for what was done ? I say-
there is no authority, in my judgment, for suck |
a bill.
An allusion was made the other day by the
honorable chairman of the committee to elforts
that would be made by agents, if grandchildren
were made recipients under this bill. He said
that frauds would be committed and claims would
be proved which could not be proven now. Why,
Mr. President, does anybody suppose that this
whole structure does not rest upon the efforts of
agents? Have tliey not been engaged on this
subject for years? Have not members of Con-
gress been importuned time and again by agents
to vote for this bill? What is the modus operandi!
They write in the first place to the heirs, to the
persons to be recipients under this biil, and they
secure their claim. What then? They tell them:
" Write to your Representatives in Congress; get
all your friends to write to your Representatives;
urge upon them the propriety of voting for this |
bill. You must bring something that looks like ;
public sentiment to bear on Congress, or you can- ;
not pass it." Does not anybody and everybody }
know that tiais is the operation of this and every- !
thing else orthe kind ? Talk about agents! Why, ^
sir, their hands are in this matter up to their
elbows, and to what extent? Some two million i
dollars or two million five hundred thousand !
dollars will be required, according to the oixicial :
report, to satisfy the bill as it stands; hut do you 1
suppose the Government will be absolved on this
bill as it stands? Does anybody suppose that,
after passing this bill, your Treasury can remain
locked against the plans of the claimants ? Do
you suppose that grandchildren are going to be
cut off? Nay, more, sir: take thatclass of cases
which have been presented, and will be presented
to you m ten fold proportion hereafter—the offi-
cers who had no children, who sacrificed as the
rest did, their claims; who were supported by
their friends and other creditors in their old age;
who owed debts for their own sustenance. Do
you suppose you will avoid paying that class
of claimants ? No, sir; let this biil pass, and you
will be obliged to pay every single claimant who
was an officer in the Revolution under the terms
of the original resolution; and you should do so.
Let a case be presented here to-day, such as I
have stated; let individuals come here and show
you that they advanced money year after year
to sustain a poor old man, a beneficiary under
the original resolution, and then ask you, why
do you withhold the money from them at the
same time that you have passed a bill paying it
over to the children of another officer who was
rich, and they rich too? Sir, can you withstand
that sort of argument? Will Congress arid the
Treasury be relieved from it? I apprehend not;
they ought not to be; so that neither $2,UOO,QG0
nor $5,000,000 will adjust this claim.
I must be pardoned for calling the attention of
the Senate to a little of its past history in connec-
tion with these revolutionary claims. I recollect
that when a bill was brought into the Senate and
passed, and passed the other House, giving lands
to the States for certain eleemosynary purposes,
it was refused the signature of the President, who
said that the power to dispose of the public lands
did not include the power to give them away; that
it only gave the power to sell; and unless th'ere
was a consideration received the bill could not
become a law. The President's objections were
sustained. I recollect that a bill came here to
give bounty land to individuals, and there was a
very strong sentiment on the part of some of the
same Senators against it; but the agents went to
work. They have become learned in this sort of
business. They go to State Legislatures. They
maneuver there to get resolutions of instructions
to tie the hands of the Representatives here; and
therefore, when the amount is large enough, when
the agents and their clients are numerousenough,
when there is a sufficient number of millions to
be drawn from the United States in the shape of
a gratuity, you cannot resist it. It was said on
the occasion to which I refer, that there was no
more authority to grant lands to the States for
those purposes, than to grant money out of the
Treasury, and that the clause of the Constitution
must be shown which authorizes you to take
money out of the Treasury and make it a gift to
everybody. Here stands a bill which makes that
very proposition. It is said in the report of the
committee that it is not a debt, and, therefore,
they do not allow it to descend to the legal rep-
resentatives; that it is a gratuity, and as a gratu-
ity this bill is to be voted for.
I stood among the number who believed in the
construction given to the English language by
lexicographers. I believed that " dispose of"
covers the power to give; it is synonymous with
it. As high authority as Mr. Jefferson was read
here during that debate, who, when President of
the United States, recommended to Congress to
endow a university with the public lands, saying
they had clear power to do it, but that they had
not the power thus to use the money in the
Treasury of the United States. I also take the
construction of the English language in relation
to the power over the money in the Treasury. I
find no authority in the Constitutionof the United
States to take money out of the Treasury and
pay it to the children of the officers of the army
of the Revolution as a debt of gratitude; but if I
did, I would take the soldiers of the Revolution,
I would take those farmers and those merchants
of the Revolution who furnished their means, the
result of their hard labor, to sustain the army,
as soon as I would take the officers. I will not
say they are more meritorious, but I will say
they are equally so, and nobody expresses a
design to pay them. Here is a case presented by
the Senator from Georgia, of continental money
taken out of his father's drawer, from his own
papers. He took it for service at the rate of
eighty dollars a year; but there is no disposition
to pay that. If I were going to leave the Con-
stitution of the United States, the source to which
: I look for power to do an act, and go abroad upon
the great principle of gratitude, I never would
take the descendants of the officers of the Revolu-
tion to the exclusion of the soldiers and the men
who fed them.
As I said, I did not rise for the purpose of
elaborating any propositions which I might sub-
1 mit to the Senate; but simply to state the reasons
! why I shall vote against this bill, with the firmest
; conviction in the world that my vote wili^be
! utterly useless to prevent its passage. But, sir,
j believing that the positions I have taken are
' sound, That there is no constitutional authority
| to pass the bill to begin with, which ought to be
j reason enough at any time; and if placed on the
j sc'ore of giatitude, tha^it makes an invidious
| selection among men, I cannot give it my
• support.
i Mr. MASON. Mr.President, I have felt my-
j self constrained, heretofore, to vote against the
j measure which has come to us with a
> strong recommendation from the honorably
