1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
Interior." I move the amendment that I may
suggest to the gentleman from New York that
the management of the Florida Indians is now
exclusively under th6 control of the Secretary of
War.' It has come about, in the course of events,
that the Secretary of the Interior has lost control
of these Indians, until such times as they are
transported to the western country. I suggest that
it would be intimating a want of confidence in the
Department which has the control of these In-
dians now to introduce andpass such an amend-
ment as he has proposed. It is perfectly obvious
that these two Departments, having the same
objects in view, can cooperate harmoniously, each
taking under its charge that particular department
of business appertaining to the Indians which
properly belongs to it.
As soon as these Indians shall be transported
to the western country, they will pass beyond the
control of the Secretary of War, because the cir-
cumstances which gave him special control of
them will have ended. I suggest, therefore, that
the adoption of the amendment would complicate
the difficulty in regard to these,Indians, and em-
barrass the Department in its operation against
thom. I therefore appeal to the gentleman from
New York to withdraw his amendment.
-Mr4 GREENWOOD. I desire to say a few
words in regard to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Florida. As to the amendment offered
by the gentleman from New York, my impression
is that it is right and proper. It occurs tome that
the appropriations made to carry out our treaty
stipulations with the Indian tribes should be ex-
Fended under the direction of the Secretary of the
nterior. The Indian department is under liis
supervision, and I think it impolitic to place these
funds under the charge of the Secretary of War.
I do not thereby mean to indicate any want of
confidence in that Department, but particularly
in regard to these Indians I think the amendment
offered by the gentlemen from New York should
be adopted. It is within the recollection of gen-
tlemenand of the country that various efforts have
been made to remove the small band of Seminole
Indians now in Florida to their homes west of
the Mississippi river. The military have utterly
failed thus far to remove the entire tribe west,
although sufficient money has been expended in
that experiment, one would suppose, to accom-
plish the object.
A treaty has been made by the Department
which will better enable the Department to effect
the emigration of those Indians. It was the
express understanding, so far as my knowledge
extends, in the negotiation of that treaty, that a
delegation of the Seminoles west should visit their
brethren now in Florida, and, with the treaty in
their hands, endeavor to induce the Florida In-
dians to remove to their homes in the" West, ac-
cording to the treaty stipulation. It was thought
that the use of a military force even to keep them
in awe would be impracticable, and that the
objects of the treaty could be best effected by a
peaceful visit to them by their brethren of the
West, holding out to them the treaty which they
had made jpth the Government, and by which
new and s^arate homes were prepared for them
independent of the Creek Indians, and which
gives to them a separate political existence.
It is not my object, in urging the amendment
of the gentleman from New York, to get up any
feeling between the two Departments in referenco
to the ^manner in which the money should be
expended. But I insist that theamendmentshould
be adopted for the reasons I have stated; and I
am sure that, if there is a cordial cooperation of
the two Departments, as to the mode and manner
in which this contemplated removal is to be
effected, there can no difficulty arise from the
placing of this fund in charge of the Secretary of
the Interior. Therefore, I hope the gentleman
from Florida will not insist upon his amendment,
and that the gentleman from New York will insist
upon his.
Mr. MAXWELL. I moved my amendment
simply with a view to suggest to my fiiend the
complication into which this business will be
thrown, if it is not allowed to go on as it now
does. I now withdraw my amendment.
Mr. ORR. I move to strike out " Secretary
of the Interior," and insert in lieu thereof " Sec-
retary of the Treasury." I was under the im-
pression that these expenditures were made under
the direction of the Interior Department, more
immediately under the supervision of the Com-
missioner of "Indian Affairs; but the fact of the
gentleman from New York proposing the amend-
ment which he does, would seem to indicate that
he has information'of a collision, or likehood of
a collision, between the two Departments of War
and Interior, and I have offered my amendment
merely with a view of inquiring of the gentleman
from New York upon what he predicates the
amendment? Is he in possession of any informa-
tion of such a state of things? And if he is not,
would it not be better to leave this fund to be
expended under the direction of the President, as
the interesfeof the country may require?
Mr. PRINGLE. This amendment certainly
can do no harm, if the gentleman is right in sup-
posing that the Secretary of the Interior has the
power of disbursing the money. But if he has
not that power, then the amendment certainly
ought to be adopted. All I wish to say in rela-
tion to the matter, however, is this: From all I
can learn in relation to these Indians, I believe
that it is utterly out of the power of the Govern-
ment to remove them except by the aid of the
Indian Department.
Mr. ORR. In relation to this matter I think
the suggestion of the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Phelps] certainly ought to have some
weight. We know that there is a considerable
force of the regular Army concentrated in that
quarter under the direction of the Secretary of
War. Now, sir, I should have supposed that if
an amendment of this sort had been needed, we
should have had a report from the Committee of
Ways and Means in reference to it. But that
committee have reported the bill in the usual
form. I am not in favor of varying that regular
form unless some good reason shall be given, and
I have heard no good reason as^ret.
Mr. PHELPS. I oppose the amendment of
the gentleman from South Carolina merely for the
purpose of making a further explanation. It will
be recollected that the people of Florida were,
last summer, considerably excited by the Indian
hostilities existing there. The Governor of that
State called out volunteers, which were taken into
the employ of the General Government for the
purpose of suppressing those Indian hostilities.
These volunteers have since been disbanded, and
their places supplied by regular troops which have
been concentrated in that country, and it is pro-
posed to use them, if it shall become necessary
to use force for removing the Indians. This, as
I understand it, is only a precautionary measure.
The Indian chiefs from the West are to be em-
ployed in negotiating with the Indians in Florida,
and will endeavor to convince them that the object
of the Government is only pacific in removing
them—that a country is prepared for them, where
they are to reside in peace with the otherportions
of their tribe. But if these measures shall fail,
then it is proposed that this opposition shall be
used in coercing their removal.
Mr. HAVEN. How many of the Seminoles
are left?
Mr. PHELPS. I cannot tell the exact num-
ber. I examined the question some years ago,
but I was not able to arrive at any definite result
as to their numbers. I came to the conclusion,
however, that their numbers had been greatly
exaggerated by the people of Florida. There
are none of the reports of the agent of the State
of Florida printed. Otherwise we might be able
to arrive at a more approximate result.
I think the amendment of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Prijjgle] is unnecessary, and
that it may be productive of inconvenience; for
if expenses are incurred there by the troops of
the United States, the money ought to be placed
at the disposal of the Secretary of War to meet
them. I am not desirous of using force. I
would much prefer that the Indians should be
removed by peaceable means, for a war with
them will be a war of extermination. But if
hostilities are to be commenced against them, it
is necessary that they should be prosecuted with
vigor; and I think, therefore, the amendment of
the gentleman is objectionable, and should not be
adopted.
Mr. ORR, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. Pringle's amendment was then adopted.
Mr. PRINGLE moved further to amend in the
five hundred and twentieth line, page 22, by add-
ing the following:
For the payment to Israel Oiinger, administrator of Fran-
ces Lafontame, deceased, late principal chief of said tribe, of
any amount allowed to said <$eeedent by the Indian De-
partment m 1850, and heretofore appropriated for said pur- -
ia55'$590etUrnedtO the surPlus fund the 30th day of June,
Mr. P. asked to have aletter from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs read in explanation,
ihe letter was read, as follows:
Department or the Interior,
Office Indian Affairs, July 15, I85ff.
In oomphMee Willi {equest of Hon. John 31. Pettit
of 12tn m&tant, I inclose herewith such evidence as this
and the Sp.cond Anditof'sofficeaffordin regard to the claim
of the heirs of F. Lafontaine ; from which it will be seen
that the sum of $-590 was awarded to P. Lafontame by
Messrs. Stewart, Murray, and Pitch, commissioners on
claims against Miami Indians, payable out 6f annuities of
tffet tribe, and not having been paid at the proper time, was.
on the 30th June, 1855, permitted to go to the sui plus fund,
and is now in the Treasury of the United Statos.
You will perceive, therefore, that this Department is
without the means of meeting this claim, which was ad-
mitted in 1860, but has never been paid.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEORGE W. MANYJPENNY, Commissioner.
Hon. Benjamin Pringle, Chairman Committee on Indian
+3$airs, United States House of Representatives.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. CLINGrMAN moved to add at the end of
the bill as follows:
That tbe existing laws be amended so as to authorize the
paymentof buch additional claims of the Cherokee Indians
as were examined by Messrs. Eaton and Hubley, and by
them decided to be "good" aeain&t the United States
under the Cherokee treaty of 183d, and supplemental arti-
cles thereto. And that tht interest of the creditors of the
Indians be protected to the extent provided for m the ninth
article of said treaty.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I submit that the amendment
proposes to change existing laws, and is there-
fore out of order.
Mr^CLINGMAN. The Chair will see that
the amendment is to carry out an Indian treaty.
I think it is in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It' is a private
claim.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be out of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
bill be now laid aside to be reported to the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
committee now proceed to the consideration of a
bill (H. R. No. 581) making appropriations
the support of the Military Academy for the ^
ending the 30th of June, 1858.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana. I move that the
committee do now rise.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. CAMPBF.LL, of Ohio. I move that the
first reading of the bill be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was then read by clauses for amend-
ment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to strike
out the words: " For gas pipes, gasometers, and
retorts, §7,500." I believe, Mr. Chairman, that
the introduction of gas into the rooms of the
cadets at West Point will result greatly to their
injury. I believe that their eyesight will be
affected materially and seriously if they study by
gaslight, instead of, as they have done hereto-
fore, by candlelight. So believing, I have made
the motion to strike out the words I have indi-
cated.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am opposed to
the amendment, and call for the question.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
bill be laid aside to be reported to the House,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
INVALID PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
committee now proceed to the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No-. 583) making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States for the year ending the 30th of
Jane, 1858.
The motion was agreed to.
for
year
