196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 24,
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
first reading of the bill be dispensed with. >
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was read by clauses for amendment,
but no amendments were offered.
Mr. QAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
bill be laid aside to be reported to the House,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
committee do now rise and report the bills which
have been laid aside.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; "and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. "Winslow reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration,and particularly the
Indian appropriation bill, the Military Academ^
appropriation bill, and the invalid pension appro-
priation bill, and had directed him to report the
same back, the former with, and the latter two
without amendments, with the recommendation
that they do pass.
APPROPRIATION BILLS PASSED.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be first
on the Indian appropriation bill and the amend-
ments reported thereto by the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, called for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendments were concurred in.
The bill Was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be next
on the Military Academy appropriation bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time,and passed.
The question next recurred on the invalid pen-
sion appropriation bill.
The said bill was ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that the
votes by which the bills were severally passed be
reconsidered; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM CAREY JONES.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I move that the
report in the case of William Carey Jones be
ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PERRY. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 68, noes 37;
and thereupon the House (at fifteen minutes to
four o'clock, p. m.) adjourned until to-morrow, at
twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 24, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that reports were in
order from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, obtained the floor.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. GARNETT, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
flies of the House the petition and accompanying papers
in the respective cases of Charles G. Layton and Austin
Brockenbrough, for the purpose of reference to the Court of
Claims.
On motion of Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, it was .
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers in the case of Parron &
Harris, for the purpose of reference to the Court of Claims.
ADJOURNMENT OVER. I
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that when j
the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on I
Monday next. ■ |
Mr. hUITMAN. I call for the regular order !
of business. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the !
motion of the gentleman from Virginia, on the '
ground that the Constitution prohibits such an
adjournment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 modify my mo-
tion by substituting Saturday for Monday.
Mr. BARCLAY. I move to amend the reso-
lution by substituting Friday Tor Saturday.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not amend-
able.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr PHELPS. I desire to inquire whether
the Chair does not recognize the gentleman from
Ohio as being entitled to the floor ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair did recognize the
gentleman.
Mr. PHELPS. Then, can the motion of the
gentleman from Virginia be entertained ?
The SPEAKER. It cannot if objection be
made.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I must claim
my right to the floor. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to report several
bills.
Mr. ClUITMAN. I rise to a question of order,
I believe that the Committee of Ways and Means
was passed yesterday.
The SPEAKER. That  committee had the
floor-when the House resolved itselfinto the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What has become
of my resolution?
The SPEAKER. It was not in order, the
gentleman from Ohio being entitled to and claim
ing the floor.
Mr. IlICE. Will the gentleman from Ohio
yield to me a moment, that I may present a bill,
of which previous notice has been given?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Minnesota will see that I cannot do so
having already refused to yield to the gentleman
from Virginia.
Mr. HOUSTON. My understanding of the
proceedings yesterday was, that the Committee
of Ways and Means were passed then. They
wer.e called for reports, and continued to report
so long as they were disposed; and then, when
the Chair was proceeding to call another com-
mittee, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means moved that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Not at all. No
other committee was called.
The SPEAKER. A motion to go into the
Committee of the Whole was in order, and the
Committee of Ways and Means have not ex-
hausted their right.
APPROPRIATION BILLS REPORTED.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, reported the following
bills; which were severally read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed:
_ A bill to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the fiscal year ending 30th
June, 1857; and
A bill making appropriations for the transpor-
tation of the United States mails, by ocean steam-
ers and otherwise, during the fiscal vear ending
30th June, 1858.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have another
report from the Committee of Ways and Means,
but my colleague on the committee [Mr. Phelps]
is charged with another report, and I will yield
the floor to enable him to make it.
FOREIGN COIN AND CENT COINAGE.
Mr. PHELPS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report back, with
sundry amendments, a bill (S. No. 190) entitled
An act relative to foreign coin and to the coin-
age of cents at the Mint of the United States,
and I desire the House to proceed to its consid-
eration at this time. I send to the desk the bill
and the amendments which I have been instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to recom-
mend.
Mr. QUITMAN. I object to the considera-
tion of the bill at this time.
The SPEAKER. The bill having been read
twice, it is in order to move that it be considered
at this time.
The bill was then read in extenso.
Mr. PHELPS. I will suggest to the Speaker
the course I design to pursue. I merely intend
to explain the general objects of the bill, and then *
I shall call for the previous question. * "■>
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the gen-
tleman will not call for the previous question on
this bill until members shall have had an oppor-
tunity of saying something about jt. I wish to
say about two words. If the gentleman will yield
to me, I will say them now.
Mr. PHELPS. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to strike
out so much of the bill as provides that the frac-
tional parts of the old Spanish dollar shall be
made a legal tender in the payment of debts for
the next two years.
Mr. PHELPS. If the gentleman had waited a
moment, he would have found that that is the
recommendation of the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be
read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to say that
I do not think that this Government has the power
to make anything a tender in the payment of
debts. The Constitution provides that no State
shall make anything a tender except gol(j and
silver coin. Each State can make gold and sil-
ver coin a tender in payment of debts, but i"t can
make nothing else such tender. There is no dele-
gation of power, as I conceive, to this Govern-
ment to make anything a tender.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If these amendments are
not printed I would suggest that the best course
for the House to pursue would be to postpone
the further consideration of the bill and order the
printing of the amendments.
Mr. PHELPS. I think the proposition is a
very simple one. The object of the bill is, first,
to drive out of circulation the depreciated foreign
coin, the Spanish and Mexican quarters of a dol-
lar, and the other fractional parts of a dollar
The actual value of those quarters of a dollar is
about twenty-two or twenty-three cents apiece,
and often less than that amount. Yet they pass
currently for twenty-five cents. Several years
ago there was a regulation that those quarters
should not be received by the officers of the Gov-
ernment for more than twenty-two or twenty-
three cents. In consequence, however, of the
scarcity of silver coin, that order was subsequently
revoked, and they were allowed to pass current.
The object of the bill, secondly, is to get rid of
the copper cent, and to introduce in lieu of it a
new coin composed of nickel arid copper. I hold
in my hand specimens of the new coin as pro-
posed by the Senate bill and by the amendments
of the Committee of Ways and Means. Gentle-
men can inspect them if they so desire. The
largest coin is that provided for by the Senate bill.
The smaller one is the one proposed by the
Committee of Ways and Means, with the rec-
ommendation of the Secretary of the Treasury
and the Director of the Mint.
The SPEAKER stated that the amendments
would be read by the Clerk. a
The Clerk proceeded to read the amendments,
as follows:
First amendment:
Strike out tlie following:
The said pieces shall be alegal tender for the payment of
debts for all sums not exceeding five doilars, at the value
herein respectively fixed upon each, for the spacfi of two
years from the passage of this act.
Second amendment:
Strike out the following section:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That in the purchase
of silver bullion for coinage, under the provisions of the
third section of the act of February 21,1&>3, it shall be law-
ful for the Treasmer of the Mint, with the approval of the
Secretaiy of the Treasury, to fix and pay such price per
ounce standard, for the parts of the dollar aforesaid, as may
yield to the seller thereof a return commensurate with the
value of «uch pieces in circulation, whereby their with-
drawal from the currency may be encouraged: Provided,
That the price ?o paid shall not be such to causc any loss to
be sustained by the Mint.
Mr. PHELPS. Under the act of February
21,1&53, it is made the duty of the Treasurer of
the Mint, with the approval of the Director of
that institution—with the approval of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury—to purchase the bullion
necessary to coin the fractional parts of a dollar
now coined. The Senate bill proposes to change
that law by devolving that duty on the Treasurer
