198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 24,
Union is the tomb of the Capulets, and if this
bill goes there it will never be readied. That is
my objection to the course suggested by the gen-
tleman.
Mr. McMULLIN. I suggest to the gentleman
from Missouri that he move to make this bill
the special order for some future day.
This is certainly a very important bill, as was
remarked by the gentleman from Tennessee, and
there are several gentlemen absent. Those of us
here, who have not had the means of informa-
tion on the subject which the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Phelps] has had, are certainly
entitled to some time to inform ourselves upon the
subject, and more particularly when we have the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Haven] and
the
iff"
the gentleman from Missmiri differing as to what
are the existing laws in®ation to sor
foreign coins. Now, sir, I think it is but rigl
that we should have two, three, or four days to
examine the subject. I want to vote for the bill,
and I am inclined to think I shall do so, if I can
understand it. I hope, therefore, the gentleman
will allow the bill to be postponed for three or
four days, and in the mean time have it referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, made a special order, and printed.
Mr. PHELPS. I cannot comply with the re-
quest of my friend who has just taken his seat.
As I have stated, there are two objects in the
bill: the first is to regulate the value of foreign
coins, and proscribe in what manner they shall
be received by the officers of the Government;
and the second is for the introduction of a new
cent coinage. It seems to me that no person can
now objoctto the bill. Even if the gentleman from
New York is right in saying that certain foreign
coins are made a legal tender in payment of debt,
this bill will only disturb the commercial value,
and will not in any other way interfere with such
a law if it exists.
Mr. II A.VEN. My suggestion, I assure the
gentleman, was made upon an impression of the
moment 011 hearing the bill read, and I am not
sure that [ heard it correctly. I did not then, and
do not now, intend to throw any obstacle in the
way of the passage of the bill I only desire to
remedy such defects as wo well can.
I am not fjuite certain that I am correct in my
impression in relation to the present existence of
any kuv making foreign coin a legal tender. I
know we have had such laws upon our statute-
book, s.\no of which have expired by their own
limitation—perhaps they have all so expired, but
I think not.
Wo have now in full force statutes regulating
the value of foreign coin at our custom-houses.
I have such a one open before-me. (United
States Statutes at Large, vol. 9, p. 14.) It fixes
the value of the specie dollar of Sweden and
Norway—of Denmark; of the thaler of Prussia,
and the northern States of Germany; the florin
of tho Austrian Empire, and of the city of Augs-
burgh; the lira of the Lombardo-Venetian King-
dom, and of Tuscany; the franc of Prance and
Belgium; the lira of Sardinia; the ducat of Na-
ples; the ounce of Sicily; and the pound of Eng-
land. U may be that I have confused legal ten-
der with commercial value, in my recollection
on this subject, but I think not. I only desire to
be well assured upon this subject, and if any for-
eign coin is still a legal tender, then to have the
bill so changed as to produce no sudden commo-
tion in commercial transactions, into which this
question may enter.
Mr. PHELPS. The only other amendment
which is proposed to the bill, is to strike out the
word " Superintendent" in the ninth section, and
to insert the word " Director." The object of
this amendment is merely to designate the legal
officer of the Mint. The person having charge of
the Mint is styled " Director" and not " Super-
tendent." I now demand the previous ques-
tion.*
* Appendix to Mr. Phelps's remarks.
Mint of the United States,
Philadelphia, July 11, 1856.
Sir : In :i former communication respecting an alteration
of the cent coinage I took occasion to say that I had re-
quested tin: rnelter and refiner to prosecute further exper-
iments,, with a view to the ascertainment of the most
suitable alloy lor that coinage. These experiments were
not completed—chiefly because the Mint was in a disman-
tled condition—when the bill relating to the coinage of
cents was prepared, in the fifth section of which it was
Mr. SPINNER. Will the gentleman permit
me to move to amend the bill so as to obviate
any constitutional objection which may be raised.
I propose to strike outthe words " legal tender,"
and insert " be received by the Government offi-
cers."
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Mis-
souri will allow me, I will call his attention to
one other point in the bill.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order un-
less the demand for the previous question be
withdrawn. *
Mr. PHELPS. I will withdraw it, certainly,
if the gentleman from Alabama proposes to
explain the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot explain it, because
I have had no opportunity to examine it. I
merely desire to ask a question.
Mr. PHELPS. Very well; I •will withdraw
for that purpose.
Mr. HOUSTON. I find, by looking through
the Index to the Laws—for I have had no oppor-
proposed to allow the proportion of metals in the new coin
to be determined hereafter, in the manner therein stated.
Subsequently, the Department and the Finance Committee
of the Senate deemed it proper that the proportion of
metals should be authoritatively fixed by law, whereupon
the section was amended as the bill subsequently passed
the Senate, in which it is enacted that the pioporuon of
other metals than copper shall not exceed/Jt>e per cent.
Recent experiments have induced us to prefer an alloyin
which the proportion of other metal than copper shall be
greater than is above stated—namely, an admixture in
which in every hundred part3 of weight of metal there shall
be eighty-eight of copper and twelve of nickel. This alloy
seems to possess all the desirable characteristics for a cent
piece. I have accordingly caused some specimens to be
struck, fifty pie cm of which I send you hy Mr. Colmesnil,
an agent of the Department. To prevent expense and de-
lay wc have used the half-cent dies. The specimens will
hhow that the mixture receives a good impression fiom the
dies, .and exhibits its color and general appeaiance.
Jt will be seen that, in its external character, it differs en-
tirely fioin gold, silver, and copper, preserving the pure red
tone of the latter, with the light color of nickel. The color
is peculiar, and it is believed will be more acceptable than
any of the gray-white or brassy mixtures, 01 that in which
the coppcr more laigcly prevails ; font seems to be desired
by the public that not only a smaller cent than the one now
iu cnculation should be struck, but that we should get rid
of copper, on account of its liability to blacken and become
foul.
The infusion of twelve per cent, of nickel—which is a
metal of considerable value—elevates the character of the
material, and, besides the advantage© of color and gencial
appearance, will enable us to make the cent of less womht,
and, at the same time, preserve some just proportion'be-
tween the intrinsic and the nominal value ot the com.
The present legal cent weighs one hundred and sixty-eight
grains; the specimens I send you weigh about seventy-two
grams, and I propose that as a proper weight. It gives a
sufficient seigniorage, and is icpre ented by a convenient
decimal—namely, fifteen (15) hundredths of an ounce—
which will afford a proper facility in the calculations of
the Mint—they being kept, as you are aware, in troy ounce
and decimals of the ounce.
* ;>-*** * * * * * .1.
J have the honor to be, with great respect, vour faithful
servant, JAMES ROSS SNOWDEN,
Director of the Mint.
Hon. James Guthrie,
Secretary of the Treasury, Washington city.
Mint ok the United States,
Philadelphia, July 18, 1856.
Dear Sir: The interest you expressed to me in a cent
com, nearly two years since, emboldens me to address you
on the subject of the alloy, which I have lately made tor
the purpose, and a few samples of which were lately sent
to you, I suppose, by the Director.
At your suggestion, I made, during leisuie hours at the
Mutt, a large numbei of alloys, and obtained one with
which I was satisfied, although it failed to please generally
by its resemblance to silver. I subsequently made a large
number of other alloys, on the same basis as the former,
keeping one punciple m view, viz: to make an allov which
shall retain the red tone of copper, lightened by the alloying
metals, so that it would be distinct from brass, bronze"
copper, gold, or silver, and yet would retain all other
qualities of wear, boldness of impression, and beauty of
color. Prior to the commencement of tffe Mint repairs, I
had approached my aim so nearly that I felt confident of
success as soon as I could recommence my experiments.
I have therefore regretted that the law now before the
House should have been urged so far before I had a good
opportunity of obtaining my point. The alloy which I have
now made meet-* the approbation of all the officeis of the
Mint, without exception, and they all regret that I had not
succeeded before the present bill had passed the Senate.
If it be not too late, I would respectfully urge j our attention
to this alloy as one so very superior to the one proposed in
the bill.
The latter will be scarcely superior 10 pure copper in
wear, although beautiful when freshly issuing from the
press, and I have urged this argument against its substitu-
tion from the first. The samples which i made more than
a year ago, nearly of the same composition as the one I
now propose, have scarcely tarnished in that time. The
new alloy I propose will be even less liable to tarnish, and
the extent of darkening change which it will undergo can
tunityto examine the matter except since the hill
was read—that the coin of many of the foreign
Governments has, from time to time, been maae
a legal tender; but it has generally been done
for a period of years—sometimes for not more
than two or three years. I do not know whether
all these terms have expired or not. If the gen-
tleman from Missouri has examined the subject,
I hope he will satisfy the House i$ reference to
it. If not, it seems to me nothing more than
reasonable thq.t the bill should be referred to the
feommittee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, where it can be thoroughly examined.
Mr. PHELPS. I have examined many if not
all of these laws; and, as the gentleman from
Alabama has stated, they do make certain foreign
coins a legal tender for a limited period of time;
but I am not aware that there is any law now in
existence making any-foreign coin a legal tender.
I have been informed by a gentleman connected
with the Government who ought to know, that
no foreign coin is, under the existing laws, so
be ascertained by wearing the samples of coin for a week
in the present weather, which is most severely trying to
the surface of all metals. The advantages that occur to
me in the use of my new alloy may be summed up thus :
1. It is made of metals which have as definite a value as
the usual articles of commerce, and the supply of which is
unlimited. They are copper and nickel.
2. It is sufficiently soft metal to receive a bold impression
in coinage.
3. It has a distinctive color, and cannot be confounded
with the metals or alloys used or proposed for coinage.
4 It will abrade by wear less than copper, gold, or silver,
or even than the proposed bronzed alloy.
5. It will change color by darkening to a slight extent,
but less than the bionzed cent, and much less than copper.
It will alter less than the ordinary silver com used on the
continent of Europe.
6. Jt is made up of copper and nickel in such proportions
that a cent piece may be made of about seventy grains
weight; and yet the seigniorage on their manufacture and
issue will not be exorbitant—much less, in fact, than on
the bronzed cent proposed.
The seigniorage will be ample to recall the old Spanish
com from circulation.
7. The peculiar tone of color will render it difficult of
close imitation; and even if it could be counterfeited by a
cheapei all05r, the difference in value would not yield a
remuneration sufficient to cover the cost of manufacture
and danger of detection, because a vast amount would have
to bo forced on the community before the aggregate profit
would compensate cost. In view of these points of char-
acter, 1 think that the alloy in question will prove a happy
result from the suggestions on the subject in your official
report, and F rloubt'not that you could directly or mediately
piocure m the House (or its committee) a modification o*f
the existing or proposed law. The admixture of the valu-
able metal, nickel, will tend to give character to the new
cent, and render it popular.
I have the honor to be, dear sir, your obedient servant,
JAMES C. BOOTH.
Philadelphia, December 17, 1856.
My dear Sir : I hope you will not forget the cent bill
which was referred to you by the Committee of Ways and
Means. When I had the pleasure of seeing you in Wash-
ington last summer, you pointed out several desirable
amendments to the bill. I now desire to say that I rno t
cheerfully acquiesce m the suggestions you made. The
main object of the bill is to substitute a smaller and better
cent for the present cumbrous and black com.
I send you two specimens struck from the metal proposed,
and ot the size and weight of the coin, namely, eighty eight
per ccnt. copper, twelve per cent, nickel, weighing seventy-
two grains.
I concur with you that there is no propriety in making
the small Spanish com a legal tender. Thev will come to
the melting pot under the provisions of this bill; and nobody
under any circumstances would think of tendering them
in payment of a debt. The ninth section mislit very well
be struck out. The Director of the Mint since 1194 has
made an annual report forthe calendar year, and the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury embraces the comane for
the fiscal year. I see no propriety m making any change.
The other amendments, proposed in inv letter to Mi.
Guthrie, Secretary of the Treasury, dated April 2*2, 1856, a
copy of which I saw in your hands, ( hope wiU'reeeive
your favorable attention.
I am not certain whether you have a copy of my letter
to the Secretary of the Treasury, dated the llth of July
la*t, and for fear it may have been mislaid, I send you here-
with a copy. 1 do this because it prescnt%my views more
at length than I can now find time to do. I, may add that
the metal weais well, and keeps its color. I carried a
specimen in mv pocket for several months to test it.
When you have prepared the bill in accordance with
your views, will you be so kind as to send me a copy?
I trouble you with this communication because I am
pressed on all hands, and from every quarter, for the new
cent—m fact, the public are very anxious foi its i^uc; and
I hope we may soon be authorized to issue them, and com-
mence the withdrawal of the present cent from circulation,
as well as the worn and unsightly fractions of the dollar.
As the bill js in your hands, we look to you for the passage
of this useful and important measure.
I have the honor to be, with great respect, vour friend
and servant, JAMES ROSS SNOWDEN.
Hon. Mr. Phelps, Committee of Ways and Means, House
of Representatives, Washington city.
