1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
received. We have fixed the commercial value of
foreign coins, but this does not make them a legal
tender. The bill under consideration does not
disturb those laws, but, on the contrary, provides
for the annual assay of foreign coins, from which
their commercial value can Be regulated.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I ask the gentleman
from Missouri to allow an amendment which I
have prepared to be read at the Clerk's table, for
the information of the House; and then, if he
will permit me, I desire to make a remark or two
in connection with it.
Mr. PHELPS. I will yield to the gentleman.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I propose to offer
'the following amendment:
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That the second sec-
tion of the act approved February 21, 1853, entitled "An
act amendatory of existing laws relative to the half dollar,
quarter dollar, dime, and half dime," be and the same is
hereby, repealed.
Now, if the gentleman-- from Missouri will
indulge me for a moment, I desire to say that, if
this bill introduced by the gentleman from Mis-
souri in behalf of the Committee of Ways and
Means, which proposes to change the existing
law in relation to the value of foreign coins, and
also to regulate the coinage of the United States
to some extent, is to pass, I should like to have
the whole subject in connection with our coinage
properly considered.
I desire further to say, that the second sec-
tion of this act of 1853, by which our silver coin
was debased, and that debased coin made a legal
tender for all sums under five dollars, has had the
effect of building up bogus banks in the country
without number—they all issuing notes of a
denomination not more than five dollars, which
they redeem with nothing but this debased coin,
in half dollars, quarter dollars, dimes, and half
dimes. Certainly every man in the country
desires that such bogus banks shall not be en-
couraged ; and as this act to which I have alluded
is what alone gives them vitality, I hope there
will be no objection to the introduction of an
amendment for its repeal. I appeal to the cour-
tesy of the gentleman from Missouri, therefore,
to allow me to offer the amendment which I have
read for information; and if he declines, I hope
the House will vote down the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman misunder-
stands the whole effect and tenor of the bill.
This is a bill to regulate the value of certain for-
eign coins, and it also provides for a new cent
coinage; but does not interfere with the silver
coinage of the Government. I have made what
seems" to me to be a full explanation of the pro-
visions of the bill, and believing that it ought to
pass, I renew the call for the previous question.
Mr. MORGAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on ordering the previous question.
Mr. ORR. Are there amendments pending to
this bill?
The SPEAKER. Amendments have been re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means,
and are pending to the bill.
Mr. ORR. Have they been printed?
The SPEAKER. They have not.
Mr. ORR. Has the House bill been printed ?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. ORR. I move, then, that the bill be laid
upon the table; and upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McMULLIN. ^ If the gentleman from
South Carolina will withdraw his motion, and
the gentleman from Missouri withdraw his de-
mand for the previous question, will it not then
be in order to move to postpone the bill to a day
certain ?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order.
Mr. McSTULLIN. I appeal to the gentleman
from South Carolina and the gentleman from
Missouri, then, to allow that motion to be made.
Mr. ORR. I will withdraw my motion to lay
on the table with a great deal of pleasure, if the
bill can be postponed. All I desire is, that the
bill shall not be forced upon the House without
even an opportunity of reading it.
Mr. PHELPS. I have no desire to force any
matter upon the House. If the unanimous con-
sent of the House shall be given to postpone this
bill to a day certain, so that it may take precedence
of all other business, I am perfectly willing that it I
shall be done, and will leave any member to name
the day; but I am not willing to postpone the
consideration of the bill, so that it will only come
up in the last days of the session, when it will
be overridden by other business. I wish the
House to understand, that in the course I have
taken 1 have had no desire to preclude a proper
examination of the bill. I will give way to the
suggestion in reference to the postponement of
the subject, if the House wish to pursue that
course.
Mr. ORR. This bill has been this morning
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means,
as I understand it. If it is postponed until this
day two weeks, will it then come up as the first
business in order ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There are a good
many provisions in this bill, and many of them
are very important. Now, sir, if this bill is
postponed to a day certain and then comes up in
the House, we shall have perhaps the first sec-
tion of the bill read and one amendment offered,
when some gentleman will move the previous
question, and there will be no further opportunity
to perfect the bill. Now, I apprehend that the
only way in which you can have this bill fully
and fairly considered by the House, is to refer it
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, where we can go through with the
whole bill and perfect it. It is a mockery to talk
of postponing the bill to be considered in the
House for the purpose of perfecting it. If that
is done, you must take the bill as it is. You
cannot go through it section by section as you
may do in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union for amendment. If it is proposed
to postpone the bill until some future day to be
considered in the House,' I move to lay the bill
on the table; and the House may agree to the
motion or vote it down, as they choose.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I wish to say a single
word in reference to a remark made by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, who has just taken his
seat. He says it is a mockery for the House to
postpone the consideration of this bill to a day
certain, with a view of perfecting it, and tells us
that we had better refer it to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. Now, there
is no man in this House who is better qualified
than the gentleman from Tennessee to understand
what will be the effect of sending this bill to the
Committee of the Whole oil the state of the Union.
He knows perfectly well that if this bill is sent to
committee for discussion and amendment, it will
never be reached on the Calendar, and never be
heard of again this session. It is of the utmost
importance to my constituents, and to the coun-
try generally, that this bill should be passed; and
while I have no wish to cut off amendment or
discussion, I object to the reference of the bill to
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I inquire if this
discussion is in order?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call for the regular
order of business, and object to discussion.
Mr. COMINS. This is a bill of too much
importance, altogether, to be pressed upon the
House under the previous question. The com-
mercial interests of the country may be subserved
by it—they may be very much deranged and
embarrassed under its operation. I will suggest
to the gentleman from Missouri to have the bill
and amendments postponed to this day two weeks,
and printed.
Mr. PHELPS. I was about to make that
motion. I would inquire of the Chair if this
will interfere with any special order that has
been made?
The SPEAKER. The first and third Tuesdays
of January have been set apart as special orders.
Mr. PHELPS. Then this proposition will
not interfere with them; and I move to postpone
the further consideration of the bill until this day
two weeks, and that it be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think no good
purpose will be attained by this postponement, so
far as the perfecting of the bill is concerned. But
I will say to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Wakeman,] who seems to think that any-
thing that is referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union will never be
heard of again—that it is dead and buried—that
every proposition which is before the committee
is under the control of a majority of that com-*
mittee, and can be reached in committee. Unless
there is a special order before the committee, it
is within the power of the committee at any time
to lay aside the first bill on the Calendar, afjii
take up the next, to lay that aside, and so on,
until they have reached the bill which they desire
*A°nC°ins ' ani^ they can dispose of that first.
AH the preference that is given by the rules to
the appropriation bills is that any member can
call for the consideration"of one of such bills;
and the question is put to the committee whether
they will then consider the bill, or not? If the
majority decide not to take it up, no member can
call it up'against the will of the majority. They
must then come up in the regular order of busi-
ness on the Calendar.#
• Now, sir, if you will put one of those railroad
bills, or one of those fire bills, or some bill in-
volving the appropriation of millions from the
Treasury, into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, I will- guaranty that it will
be reached before the 4th of March. But if this
bill is to be ♦nsidered in the House it will be
put through under the previous question, without
any opportunity whatever to examine or perfect
it. All I ask is that the bill shall have a fair
consideration; and I repeat, that if it is referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, it will be as much under the control of
the committee as it is now under the control of
the House;,and that is the only place where it
can be properly considered and matured.
Mr. WAKEMAN. This is the same disser-
tation which we have heard from the gentleman
from Tennessee twenty times before. Every
time a bill is presented which he wishes to
strangle, he moves to refer it to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, although he
knows perfectly well that, under the practice of
the House, the effect of the reference is to destroy
the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. A good many
bills which the gentleman from New York advo-
cates ought to be strangled in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, or somewhere
else.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. I can only say that it seems
to me that the friends of this bill have taken the
most effectual mode of killing it, by attempting .
to force it through the House.
Mr. STANTON. I hope this bill will be post-
poned, and made the special prder for the day
which the gentleman from Missouri has named.
The SPEAKER. It can be made the special
order only by unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object; and in-
sist upon my motion that the bill be laid on the
table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was then postponed for two weeks;
and, with the amendments, ordered to be printed.
REFERENCE OF PAPERS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The memorial of
J. J. Morrison and others, in reference to the
revenue cutter McClelland, has been improperly
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
I move that that committee be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have another
bill which the committee have instructed me to
report back.
Mr. STANTON. I would inquire if the morn-
ing hour has expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. STANTON. I move, then,thatthe House
proceed to the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope the House
will first dispose of this bill.
Mr. Stanton's motion was disagreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that when
the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Satur-
day next.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. For the purpose of
testing the sense of the House, I move to amend
the motion so as to adjourn to Friday, instead of
Saturday. -
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think the Chair
