206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 30,
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Zollicof-
fer and Pringle were appointed.
The motion was agreed to; the tellers having
reported—ayes 66, noes 57.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Haven reported that the
Committee of the Whole had had under consid-
eration the Private Calendar, and had directed
him to report to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that they do pass, an act (S. No. 159) for the
relief of James Harrington; and a bill (H. R. No.
370) for the relief of Mary Ann Clark; also, with
a recommendation that it do not pass, a bill
(H. R. No. 349) for the relief of Andrew A. H.
Knox and Joseph A. Campbell, or their heirs and
legal representatives.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Tuesday next.
Mr. BENSON. I call for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man from Georgia to modify his motion by sub
stituting Monday for Tuesday.
Mr. STEPHENS. Monday is a general hum
bug day, and I must decline.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to amend
the resolution by substituting " Monday" for
" Tuesday."
Mr. MILL WARD. I call for the yeas and
nays upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. SAGE. I renew it.
Mr. MILLWARD. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon that.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SAGE. I call for tellers upon the amend-
ment.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. MORGAN. Is it in order to amend the
amendment by inserting " to-morrow" in the
place of " Monday ?"
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The yeas and nays were then ordered upon
Mr. Stephens's motion.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 73, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Allen, Allison, Barks-
dale, Hundley S. Bennett, Bmgliain, Brooks, liurhngame,
Burnett, Lewis D. Campbell, Caruthers, Bayard Clarke,
Howell Cobb, Ciagm, Craige, Crawford, Cumback, David-
son, Timothy Davis, Denver, Durfee, Edwards, Einrie,
Florence, "Foster, Goode, Greenwood, Grow, Augustus
Hall, Hairison, Haven, Houston, Howard, George W.
Jones, Kelly, King, Lake, I,etcher, Mace, Alexander K.
Marshall, Samuel 8. Marshall, Maxwell, McMulIm, Smith
Miller, Millson, Millward, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Peck, Pettit, Pringle. Quitman,
Ritchie, Stephens, Taylor, Thurston, Todd, Underwood
Vail, Waldron, Walker, Warner, Ellihu B. Washburne
Israel Washburn, Watkms, Whitney, Williams, Daniel B.
Wright, and Zollicoffer—73.
NAYS —Messrs. Albright, Barbour, Barclay, Benson,
Billmghurst, Brenton, Buffinton, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
Williamson E. W. Cobb, Damrcll, Day, Dean, Dodd
Etlieridge, Flagler, Galloway, Giddings, Granger, Robert 11.
Hall, Harlan, Hodges, Ifolloway, Thomas R. Horton, Val-
entino 13. Horton, Jewctt, Kelsey, Knapp, Knight, Knowl-
ton, Knox, Ktlhan Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Parker, Penning- i
ton, Perry, Pike, Purviance, Furyear, Ready, Sabm, Sag!,
Sandidge, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Sneed Stan-
ton, btewart, Tappan, Thorington, Trafton, Wade Wal-
hndgc, Cadwalader C. Washbunie, Watson, Welch, Wins-
low, Woodruff, and Woodworth—62.
So the House determined that when it adjourn
to-day, it will adjourn until Tuesday next.
BILLS PASSED.
The Hojise then proceeded to the considera-
tion of the bills reported from the Committee of
the Whole House.
Tlie first bill in order was an act (S. No. 159)
for the relief of James Harrington.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and'
passed.
The next bill was a bill (H. R. No. 370) for
the relief of Mary Ann Clark.
. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read th"e third time, and passed.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the
votes by which the bills were passed, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table; which latter motion .was agreed to.
The Committee of the Whole House also re-
ported a bill (H. R. No. 349) for the relief of
Andrew A. H. Knox and Joseph A. Campbell,
or their heirs and legal representatives, with a
recommendation that it do not priss.
Mr. FLORENCE moved that the bill be laid
upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid upon the table, and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table; which latter motion was agreed
to.
And then, on motion of Mr. THORINGTON,
(at three o'clock and five minutes,) the House
adjourned until Tuesday next.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 30,1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of Friday las twas read and appro ved.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Collom, their Clerk,
announcing that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bill, and requested the concurrence of the
Senate therein:
A bill (H. R. No. 370) for the relief of Mary
Ann Clark.
Also, that the House had passed the following
Senate bills:
An act (No. 159) for the relief of James Har-
rington; and
An act (No. 391) providing for the compulsory
prepayment of postage on all transient printed
matter.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, a copy of the survey and report of
Lieutenant Colonel Graham on the harbors under
his superintendence in Wisconsin, Illinois, In-
diana, and Michigan.
Mr. STUART. I introduced the resolution
which makes this communication proper, and I
should like to have it lie on the table for a short
time that I may examine it before any order be
made for its printing.
The communication was ordered to lie on'the
table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, a report of an examination by a
board of military and civil engineers, in relation
to the wooden dock at the Pensacola navy-yard,
with an estimate of the cost of a stone dock at j
that navy-yard; which, on motion of Mr. Mal-
lory, was ordered to lie on the table, and be '
printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Interior, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate, informa-
tion in relation to the title of the United States
to that portion of the Territory of Kansas set
apart and assigned to the New York Indians;
which, on motion of Mr. Johnson, was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Senate, communicating, in obedi-
ence to law, a detailed statement of the payments
from the contingent fund of the Senate, during
the year ending the 30th November, 1856; which,
on motion of Mr. Foot, was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
PETITIONS ANJ> MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of Henry !
Hubbard, praying for compensation for service '
as agent for the preservation of public property ;
at the harbor of Ashtabula, Ohio; which was '
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the petition of
John Shaw, praying for indemnity for losses
sustained by him in the destruction of his prop-
erty by the Menomonee Indians; which was re-
t0,t'le Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Joseph
xiaynes, a soldier in the war of 1812, praying to
be allowed a pension; which wag referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Port
Huron, Michigan, praying for a grant of a por-
tion of tho Fort Gratiot reservation, to that town,
for the establishment of a public school; which
was referred to tho Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
the United States, remonstrating against the re-
newal of Woodworth's patent for a planing ma-
chine; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. IVERSON presented the memorial of
George A. O'Brien, praying for compensation
for clerical services in the office of the Second
Auditor of the Treasury; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of citizens
of Washington, praying for an appropriation for
grading and paving Maryland avenue between
Eleventh street west, and the Potomac bridge, in
that city; which was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of
Edmund W. Holmes, and others, owners of tho
schooner Leo, a British-built vessel, wrecked on
the United States coast, and purchased by them,
praying that a register may be issued for that
vessel under the name of " Arundel;" which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Cas-
tine, Maine, praying that the light-house at Dice's
Head may be continued, and a harbor-light
erected at Nautilus Island Point, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Cas-
tine, Maine, praying for the erection of a new
custom-house at that place; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. STUART presented a petition of watch-
men employed in the Executive Departments at
Washington, praying for an increase of compen-
sation; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented the petition of citizens of
Michigan, praying for an appropriation for the
improvement of the harbor at the mouth of the
Muskegon river; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. WELLER presented the petition of Thom-
as Jenkins, praying to be allowed arrears of pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Presentacion
M. de Ridley, widow of Robert T. Ridley, pray-
ing for permission to institute a suit in the United
States court for the northern district of California
to try the validity of her title to a certain tract of
land; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition of
S. P. Lee and O. H. Berryman, in behalf of
themselves and other naval officers employed-in
explorations and surveys under the act of March'
3,1840, praying to be allowed extra pay; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PUGH presented the memorial of David
M. Dryden, praying for an appropriation for
improving the navigation at the falls of the Ohio
river, according to a plan proposed by himself;
which was referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
PORT CLINTON LIGHT-HOUSE.
_ Mr. PUGH. I present the remonstrance of
citizens of Ottawa county, Ohio, against the dis-
continuance of the light-house at Port Clinton,
in Portage Bay, Ohio. This was done by the
general light-house appropriation act of last "year,
without my knowledge or that of my colleague;
and I ask leave to introduce a bill to repeal so
much of that act, with a view to move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Commerce, together
with the petition.
The petition was so referred.
Mr. PUGH asked,and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a hill (S. No. 484) to
reestablish the light at Port Clinton, in Portage
Bay, Ohio; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs of Thomas Nel-
