1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
son, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That Alexander Gibson have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers. -
CALIFORNIA AND UTAH BOUNDARY.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing the
means of ascertaining and settling the true boundary line
between the State of California and the Territory of Utah.
MARY C. HAMILTON.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to ask
leave of the Senate to take up and consider at
this time the bill for the relief of Mary C. Ham-
ilton. I make this motion 011 behalf of my friend
from. New Jersey [Mr. Thomson] who is not
now in his seat, who is very anxious to have it
acted upon. The lady for whose relief it is in-
tended is a poor widow who is justly entitled to
it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa to
take up the bill (S. No. 472) to continue the pen-
sion heretofore paid to Mary C. Hamilton, widow
of Captain Fowler Hamilton, late of the United
States Army.
Mr. HALE. I do not like to interfere, but I
must suggest that it is hardly proper at this stage
of the Senate to take up a private bill and pass it
this morning. There are a great many private
bills on the Calendar. I intex-fere with great reluc-
tance.
Mr. CASS. Is it intended to go on doing the
regular business of the session ?
Mr. ADAMS. Why not?
Mr. CASS. I know there are a number of
gentlemen who went away not expecting it—
that is all. I have no sort of objection to it
myself personally.
The motion to take up the bill was not agreed
to.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to present a
matter that I believe will meet universal consent.
It is a resolution from the Committee on Printing
in regard to some public work that ought to be
proceeded with.
Mr. SEWARD. There will be no objection
to that, I think.
Mr. JOHNSON. I allude to the resolution
submitted a few days since, and laid over for the
purpose of obtaining the estimate of the cost of
printing the report of the Coast Survey. The
cost, as now estimated, will be the same for the
present year's report as it was for last year's;
that is, §33,000. The estimates are here, and I
present them. I ask that the resolution be taken
up and adopted, so that the work may go on.
The resolution was taken up and agreed to.
It is as follows:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury, communicating the report of the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey for the year 1856, in
addition to the usual number, be printed—live thousand for
the use of the Senate, and the remainder for distribution
by the Coast Survey office; and that the same be printed
and bound with the plates in quarto form, and that the
printing of the said plates shall be done to the satisfaction
of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey.
ADJOURNMENT TO FRIDAY.
Mr. ALLEN. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. PUGH. I appeal to the Senator to with-
draw the motion.
Mr. ALLEN. I will do so, for the present.
Mr. PUGH. It is important that there should
be a brief executive session to-day in reference to
some appointments, and I desire the presence of
the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Bbtler,]
who is chairman of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. He is not now present, but I can send for
him.
Mr. SEWARD. Allow me to interrupt the
Senator from Ohio. We ought to fix the day
when we shall meet again, before wo adjourn or
fo into the consideration of -executive business,
submit a motion that when the Senate adjourns
to-day, it adjourn to meet on Friday next.
Mr. PUGH. I was about to say that these
appointments were important to be considered
before the day on which the Senate will probably
meet again, and therefore I move that we proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Ohio yield the floor to allow the
Senator from New York to make his motion?
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir.
The motion of Mr. Seward was,agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. PUGH, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of executive business; and
after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
GENERAL SCOTT'S ALLOWANCES.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to eommuni-
cate to the Senate a statement of all payments and allow-
ances which have been made, and of all claims which have
been disallowed, to Bievet Lieutenant General Scott, from
the dale when lie joined the Army serving in Mexico up to
December 1, 1856; and also to furnish copies of all corre-
spondence on file in the Executive Departments relating to
said claims, payments, or allowances.
PRINTING OF A BILL.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 469) supplementary to an
act entitled " An act to graduate and reduce the price of
the public lands to actual settlers and cultivators," approved
August 4, 1854, be printed.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the Senate ad-
journed.  
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 30, 3856-
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo#
CALL OF THE HOUSE,
The SPEAKER. No quorum being present,
the Journal will be read, unless there be objec-
tion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
there be a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was accordingly called; when the fol-
lowing members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Allen, Ball, Barksdale, Bell, Henry Bennett,
Bingham, Bowie, Boyce.Bradshaw, Branch, Burnett, Cad-
walader, Carlde, Caskie, Comius, Covode, Cragin, David-
son, Jacob O. Davis, Denver, De Witt, Dick, Dowdell,
Dunn, Edie, English, Evans, Foster, Henry M. Fuller,
Garnett, J. Morrison Harris, Hickman, Hoffman, J.Glancy
Jones, Kcitt, Kelly, Kennctt, Kunkel, Lake, Lumpkin,
Mace, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Mat-
teson, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millward, Morgan, Mor-
rison, Mott, Murray, Packer, Paine, Pearce, Pelton, Powell,
Pnngle, Reade, Ihcaud, Roberts, Rust, Sage, Sandidge,
Seward, Shorter, Simmons, Stanton, Stewart, Stranahan,
Swope, Tappan, Taylor, Tyson, Underwood, Vajk, Wake-
man, Watkms, Wheeler, Wood, and Woodvvorth.
Mr. FLAGLER. I move that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The Journal of Friday last was then read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Post
Office Department, submitting an estimate of the
sums which will probably be required for the
foreign mail service for the year commencing
July 1, 1857, so far as the same is payable out
of the revenue of the Post Office Department;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
Also a communication from "the War Depart-
ment, containing an estimate of the appropriations
necessary for the extension of the North Carolina
arsenal to render it an arsenal of construction,
together with the amount heretofore expended in
the construction of the public buildings there;
which was referred to the Committee Of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr, YAIL, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles, when the Speaker signed the same:
An act providing for the compulsory prepay-
ment of postage on all transient printed matter;
and
An act for the relief of James Harrington.
PRESIDENT'S ANNUAL MESSAGE.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of the annual
message of the President of the United States,
the pending question being on Mr. Campbell's
motion to refer and print the satne. f
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, was recog-
nized by the Chair.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to offer a
resolution for inquiry merely.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire the
floor for a few moments; and when I get through
the gentleman from Virginia can offer his reso-
lution.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I object to any-
thing out of order.
Mr. STEPHENS. What is the regular order?
The SPEAKER. The consideration of the
motion relative to referring and printing the Pres-
ident's message.
Mr. STEPHENS. Has any person the floor
upon that subject?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
no one has the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS. I then claim the floor upon
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has recognized
the gentleman from Illinois, and he has not yet
stated his purpose in rising.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is to speak
to the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
is then entitled to the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
occupy the floor a few moments. I do not pro-
pose to submit any remarks in direct connec-
tion with the pending motion to refer and print;
but my purpose is to advert to some matters
which have sprung up in the debate since it. has
been under the consideration of this House. I
will send to the Clerk, and have read, a colloquy
which took place during the delivery of the speech
of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Smith.]
The Clerk read as follows:
" Mr. Smith, of Tennessee. The convention which
nominated Mr. Buchanan indorsed President Pierce and
his administration. This we all know. The very conven-
tion which nominated him indorsed the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, which was the great issue m the presidential canvass.
"Mr. Barclay. I wish to ask the gentleman whether
the resolution indorsing the administration of President
Pierce was published and circulated m the Democratic
papers of Pennsylvania?
"Mr. Smith, of Tennessee. I know nothing about
what was published in the Pennsylvania papers. Rwas
contained in the official proceedings of the convention,
which were published all over the country. But, sir, I hope
that no Pennsylvanian here will esteem the people of that
noble State so ignorant as not to know what occurred in
the Cincinnati Convention, when its proceedings were
public, and published in nearly all the journals of the coun-
try.
"Mr. Washburne, of Illinois. Do I understand the
gentleman to state that this resolution indorsing the admin-
istration of Pierce was published in all the northern Demo-
cratic papers/
"Mr. Smith, of Tennessee. Yes, sir, all the leading
ones of which I have any knowledge.
"Mr. Washburne, of Illinois. As part of the platform?
" Mr. Smith, of Tenne^ee. As part of the proceedings
of the Cincinnati Convention.
vS Mr. Washburne, of Illinois. I undertake to say that
it was not published m many of the Illinois Democratic
papers.
"Mr. Smith, of Tennessee. It was published in the
northern Democratic papers as part of the proceedings of
the convention. It was published m the Boston Post, m
the New York Day Book, and in the Pennsylvania!!. These
are the leading papers of the North which*! saw.
"Mr. Washburne, of Illinois. In my section of the
country it not only was not published in those papers, but
they denied that such a resolution was passed.
" Mr. Smith, of Tennessee. I am afraid that my friend's
part of the country is a benighted place, anyhow, and
should not be surprised if so good a thing would never find
its way into his{beat.' Is there a Democratic paper m the
gentleman's district ?
" Mr. Washburne, of Illinois. There are two or three
which piofess to be, but they have only a very limited cir-
culation.
" Mr. Smitii, of Tennessee. Do they support the regu-
lar Democratic candidates?
"Mr. Washburne. of Illinois. There were several
Democratic papeis m my State which did not pubh&h it. I
believe the Freeport Bulletin was one. I will not be cer-
tain, however.
" Mr. Smith, of Tennessee. That evades tbe question,
and I turn the gentleman over to his colleague, [Mr. Mar-
shall.]
"Mr. Marshall, of rilinois. With th£ permission of
the gentleman from Tennessee, I wish to ask my colleague
a question. I understand my colleague to assert that Dem-
ocratic papers in Illinois repudiated the resolution of the
Cincinnati Convention indorsing the administration of
Franklin Pierce, and denied that such a resolution hnd
been adopted. This is a grave and sweeping charge, and I
