THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
"THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVE#, WASHINGTON, D. C,
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 6, 185T.
New Series....Nn.114.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I desire to ask
the gentleman one question, and I will not further
interfere with this controversy. The gentleman
has said that the Chicago Times is the organ of
the Democratic party in that State, and that that
paper published the resolution indorsing the ad-
ministration of Franklin Pierce?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It may be
considered the leading organ of the Democratic
party in the northern part of the State, lhe
Springfield Register, a paper published at the
State capital, is the central organ of the Demo-
cratic party of Illinois.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I understand
that the Times is the leading organ of the Demo-
cratic party of the State. _
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have al-
ready stated that. I have stated further, that I
believed it published the resolution, although my
belief now is that it is the only Democratic paper
in Illinois which did publish it.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. The question
which I wish the gentleman to answer in this: Is
not the Times the recognized organ of the Demo-
cratic party in the State of Illinois? Has it not
a larger circulation than any other Democratic
paper in that State?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have stated
that the Times is a leading organ of the Dem-
ocratic party in the northern part of the State.
The State Register, published a't Springfield, is
the central organ of the Democratic party in Illi-
nois; and that paper suppiessed that resolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Has not the
Chicago Times a much larger circulation than
any other Democratic paper m Illinois?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am not
able to make any statement on that point. I pre-
sume the weekly circulation of the State Register
is as large.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. The gentleman
does not answer my question. I ask the gentle-
man whether the Chicago Times has not a larger
circulation than any other Democratic paper in
Illinois? Is it not recognized as the organ of the
Democratic party in that State? I want a plain
and fair answer.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have given
the gentleman just such an answer as he asks
for. I have stated that the Times was the organ
of the Democratic party in the northern part of
the State, and that the Springfield Register was the
central organ. The Register is the old recognized
organ of the Democratic party in the State, for
many years—ever since I have been in the State,
anil long before the Times Vas established. The
Times is a paper that has been established com-
paratively recently.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I will not inter-
fere further with the colloquy between the gen-
tleman and his colleagues.
" Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I do not pur-
.pose to detain the House at any length; but I
deem that my colleague's remarks demand some
reply from me. During the discussiojj of this
matter the other day, I had no intention to place
him in any unpleasant position; nor have I any
such design now. Since the debate to which he
refers, the whole question has, to a great extent,
passed out of my mind. I have scarce given it
a moment's consideration since; and did not
know until the gentleman reopened it this morn-
ing that it was again to be brought to the atten-
tion of the House. I have not seen the news-
paper articles alluded to; but, so far as the con-
troversy between him and me is concerned, I
wish the House to distinctly understand that my
colleague now attempts to make another and
entirely different issue. That gentlemen may
clearly see what was the subject-matter of dis-
pute on a former occasion, 1 ask the Clerk to
read that portion of the debate, as reported in the
Globe, which shows the question I then pro-
Founded to my colleague, and the point to which
directed his attention.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Mr, Smith, of Tennessee. The convention which
14
nominated Mr. Buchanan indorsed President Pierce and
his administration. This we ail know. The very conven-
tion which nominated him indorsed the Kansas-Nebraska
bili. which was the great issue in the presidential canvass.
'•Mr. Barclay. I wish to ask the gentleman whether
the resolution indorsing the adminibtration of President
Pierce was published and circulated in the Democratic
papers of Pennsylvania?
" Mr. Smith, of Teunessee. I know nothing about what
was published m the Pennsylvania papers. It was con-
tained in the official proceedings of the convention, which
were published all over the country. But, sir, I hope that
( no Pennsylvanian here will esteem the people of thatnoble
: State so ignorant as not to know what occurred in the Cin-
cinnati Convention, when Us proceedings were public, and
published in nearly all the journals of the country.
a Mr. Wa.siibuk.ne, of Illinois. Do I understand the
gentleman to state that this resolution indorsing the admin-
istration or' Pierce was published in all the northern Dem-
ocratic papers?
"Mr. Smith, of Tennessee. Yes, sir, all the leading
ones of which I have any knowledge.
" Mr. Washbcrne, of Illinois. As part of the platform?
"Mr. Smith, of Tennessee. As part of the proceedings
of the Cincinnati Convention.
" Mr. Washburne, of Illinois. I undertake to say that
it was not published iu many of the Illinois Democratic
papers. y
" Mr. Smith, of Tennessee. It was published in the
northern Demoeiatie papeis as part of the proceedings of
the convention. It was published in the Boston Post, m
the New York Day Book, and in the Pennsylvanian. These
are tUe l^adingpapers of the iVorth which I saw.
"Mr. Wasiiburne, of Illinois. In my section of the
country it not only was not published in those papers, but
they denied that &uch a resolution was passed.
"Mi. Smith, of Tennessee. I amafiaid that my friend's
pan of the country is a benighted place, anyhow, and
should not bo snrpri-ed if so good a thing would never find
its way into his 'beat.' Is there a Democratic paper m
the crentleman's distuct?
" Mr. Washburn*:, of Illinois There are two or three
which profess to be, but they have only a very limited cir-
culation. * *
"Mr. Smith, of Tennessee. Do they support the reg-
ular Democratic candidates ? „
"Mr. Washburne, of Illinois. There were several
Democratic papers in my State which did not publish it.
I believe the Freepoit Bulletin was one. I will not be
certain, however. #
"Mr. Smith, of Tennessee. That evades the question,
and I turn the gentleman over to his colleague, [Mr. Mar-
shall.}
"Mr. Marshall, of Illinois. With the permission of
the gentleman from Tennessee, I wish to ask my colleague
a question. 1 understand my colleague to assert that Dem-
ocratic papers m Illinois repudiated the resolution of the
Cincinnati Convention indorsing the administration of
Franklin Pierce, and denied that such a resolution had been
adopted. This is a grave and sweeping chaigc, and I wish
him to state distinctly what Democratic papers in Illinois
he refers to." *
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I had no dis-
position at the lime to interfere at all with the
debate. The object of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee", in his remarks at that time, was to show-
to the House and to the country that there was
no disposition upon the part of the Democratic
party to evade the issue raised by the Cincinnati
platform. - During his remarks he was interro- ;
, gated, and I understood my colleague from Illi- ;
| nois to assert that the Democratic party of Illinois j
| repudiated the proceedings of the Cincinnati Con- !
vention so far as it indorsed the administration of
President Pierce, and that they denied that such
a resolution had passed. That was what called
me to my feet, and that alone. 1 asked my col-
league if he made such a charge; and, if he did,
what papers had repudiated the platform, or de-
nied that such a resolution had been passed? And
I call upon my colleague now to state whether
he insists upon that assertion, or backs out from
it before the country?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What as-
sertion ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of .Illinois. That the
Democratic papers of Illinois not only repudiated
that part of the proceedings of the Cincinnati
Convention which indorsed the administration
of President Pierce, but even denied that such a
resolution had passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I answer
( the gentleman that the Democratic, papers of llli-
j nois, by their refusal to publish this resolution,
! did repudiate it; and I will prove by the State
i Register itself the truth of the other portion of
i my remarks—that they denied that such a reso-
} lution hnd passed. Here is the State Register
I which published the platform of the conven-
tion, and which states that they (s give tHe entire
document," at the same time suppressing the
resolution in relation to President Piercers admin-
istration; hence denying that any such resolution
as that had passed.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. Before going
any further I desire to know—because I do not
believe that the State Register, or any other
Democratic paper in the State of Illinois, inten-
tionally suppressed  
Mr. WASHBURNE, of ^llinois. I have
nothing to do with their intentions. I only state
facts.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I want to
know whether that paper contains all the pro-
ceedings of the Democratic Cincinnati Conven-
tion, except that resolution ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. .The gen-
tleman can look for himself.
IVlr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I have not
the time now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will read
what the editor of that paper himself says, and
that will be the best answer to the gentleman's
question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I cannot yield
to my colleague, unless he answers the questions
I propound, I rose for the purpose of correcting
remarks which were made upon this floor, and
made for the purpose of placing me in an un-
pleasant position. Now, I desire my colleague
to state, before the country, whether the entire
proceedings of the Democratic convention, with
the exception of that resolution indorsing the
administration of President Pierce, appears in
that paper ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will read
what the editor himself says, in answer to the
gentleman's question, premising, however, that
it is no part of this issue whether the whole pro-
ceedings, or & part onlyt of that convention were
published. The issue is, whether or not* this
identical resolution was suppressed by the Demo-
cratic papers in Illinois. The editor, in the issue
of June 10, 1856, says:
" In a former number we gave a telegraphic synopsis of
the platform of the Democracy laid down at Cincinnati for
the pending presidential campaign. We give to-day the
entire document.'' *
Several Members. That is the platform.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is what
the editor himself says.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. My colleague
says the issue is, whether this resolution was
published in the Democratic papers of the State
of Illinois? I say that is not the issue, and it is
not the issue which the gentleman made. The
issue which he attempted to make before the
House and before the country was, that the Dem-
ocratic party had dodged the issue made at the
Cincinnati Convention, and that they not only
had refused to publish the resolution indorsing
President Pierce's administration, but had denied
that such a resolution had passed the coo vention.
I did not pretend at the time that I was familiar
with all the Democratic papers in Illinois, nor do
I profess to be at this time; but I knew that the
Democratic party of Illinois were willing to meet
this question fairly and openly before the coun-
try, and that any editor who would evade it
would have been "denounced by his own party,
and therefore I stated that no Democratic paper
had denied that such a resolution had passed. _
There are a great many Democratic papers in
Illinois which could not possibly have published
the entire proceedings of the Cincinnati Conven-
tion, without occupying their columns therefor
for several weeks to the exclusion of all other
matter. The proceedings were published m
pamphlet form, covering fifty or sixty pages, ana
it is verw evident that the smaller papers ot the
country could not undertake to publish the entire
proceedings of the convention. But I knew, and
therefore Inserted, and I now reassert that no
portion of the Democratic party of the State at-
tempted to evade the issue; and therefore I felt
confident' that when my colleague made the
