s December 30,
' barges he was mistaken. It was to that fact that
I called his attentawi when 1 arosejlie other day;
and I desire now TO know whetheFhe adheres to
those chargesj or backs out of them? I want-to
know whether he intends to assert before the
country that the Democratic papers of Illinois
did deny that such a resolution was passed by
the Cincinnati Convention? That is the point
in issue, and I do not intehd that the gentleman
shall evade it by making another point.
The gentleman asked me this question: " Does
my colleague know, of his own knowledge, that
the State Register published this resolution ?" In
reply, I intended to assert, and did assert at the
time, that every Democratic paper which under-
took to publish the entire proceedings, did pub-
lish that resolution. What I meant was, that
there was no D#nocratic paper in the State that
attempted to evade the issue, or to mislead the
people of Illinois in regard to that matter. The
charge my colleague made was, that those papers
did intend to mislead the people. I am reported
as asserting that both the Chicago Times and
the State Register had published the resolution.
This is stronger than I made it at the time. I
thought they had, and so stated it. But this was
immaterial, and merely incidental to the point at
issue. The charge was, that the Democratic
papers had repudiated the resolution and denied
its passage. This I denied; and upon this the
issue was made up between my colleague and
myself.
I defy my colleague to produce any Democratic
paper in Illinois which has denied the passage of
that resolution; and as I wish to have this matter
thoroughlyinvestigated,I wish, before I sit down,
to ask my colleague one question: My colleague
has attempted, and the attempt has been made
through the whole of this discussion, to show
that there is a difference between the doctrines
promulgated by the Democratic party at the
North and those promulgated by the Democratic
party at the South. Now, I ask my colleague
.whether, in his own district—and I know less
about it than any other portion of the State—
the Democratic party did not indorse and advo-
cate the principles of the Kansas and Nebraska
bill—the principle of the non-intervention of
Congress upon the subject of slavery ?
Mr. WASHBURNfi, of Illinois. The Dem-
ocrats in my district, what few there were of
them, had precious little to say in regard to the
doctrines of the Kansas and Nebraska bill. But
they all swore that they were in favor of free
Kansas; and the gravest charge which they made
against ine, was, as one would suppose, that I
was not a good Free-Soiler. They said that 1 had
voted for the Dunn bill, and voted to perpetuate
slavery, which, in their eyes, was a very horrible
thing. [Laughter.]
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I cannot yield
for the gentleman to go off into rhapsodies upon
the subject of free Kansas. I put a direct ques-
tion to my colleague, and he evades the question.
I now put the question again to him, whether in
his own district the Democrats did not come up
boldly and avow the doctrines of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill? Did they not avow the doctrine
of non-intervention by Congress in the question
of slavery in the Territories? I ask my colleague
to answer me directly, for I want this matter
investigated thoroughly and fairly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The question
is, whether the Democrats of my district supported
the doctrines of the Kansas-Nebraska bill ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. Yes, sir,
whether they did not favor boldly the removal of
the slavery agitation from the Halls of Congress?
Mr. WASHBURNE,.of Illinois. If my col- i
league will explain to me what are the doctrines '
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, I shall then, per-
haps, be able to tell him whether the Democrats
of my district supported them.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. The gentle-
man then evades the question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As I have
already slated, there was but little said by the
Democrats of my district unon the "Nebraska
bill.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. Does the gen-
tleman deny the position which I attributed to
"the Democracy in his own district? I will not
allow ttiy colleague to evade the issue.
■ "Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I evade
M&ings but i intaiid to hold eoUeagw#to the
Mr. MARSHALL, oflllinois. _ My colleague
has "charged the Dem ocratic party in Illinois with
attempting to conceal thp issue before the people,
and with denying that any resolution was passed
by the Cincinnati Convention indorsing the ad-
ministration of Franklin Pierce. Now, I say it
cannot be shown that they have, in any single
iota, evaded that issue. And, now, let my col-
league answer directly, and not evade the point.
Does he assert, or deny, that the Democrats of
his own district promulgated the doctrine of non-
intervention, upon the part of Congress, in the
question of slavery in the Territories ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I can tell
my colleague that Ievade nothing; but I can state
nothing further in regard to the action of his party
there than what I have already-stated, and that
is, that they had precious little't'o say in regard
to the Kansas-Nebraska bill—that they kept it
out of the issue as far as possible.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. My colleague
knows that there was an issue made up between
the Republican and the Democratic parties in the
State of Illinois. The Republican party insisted
that the Federal Government had control of the
question of slavery, and should prohibit its ex-
istence in the Territories. Now, did the Demo-
cratic party in the gentleman's district occupy
that same position, or did they occupy the oppo-
site position ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. They were
willing to occupy any platform on which they
could get votes.
it published the platform only, and not the entire
proceedings of the body. What I asserted on a
former occasion was, that the statement of the
gentleman, that the Democratic papers of Illinois
had denied that such a resolution had been passed
by the convention, was not true, and could not be
sustained by facts. The gentleman has taken a
great deal of pains to investigate this matter, and
he has not brought forward one particle of evi-
dence to sustain the charge he made; he has not
produced a single paper, or a single sentence, to
prove that there was any denial in any Demo-
cratic paper that such a resolution had been passed
by the convention. I therefore take it for granted
that he was unable to find anything of the kind;
and I am fully borne out in the position which I
took when the matter was before under discus-
sion, in denying, that there was any such denial
upon the part of the Democrats of Illinois,
j Now, sir, a single word,and I have done. The
j House will recollect, and the country will take
! notice, by referring to the speech.of the honor-
1 able gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Smith,]
that throughout the delivery of that speech, and
subsequently in the progress of the discussion,
there was the most settled and persevering effort,
upon the part of the other side of the House, to
produce the impression that the Democratic party
had taken different positions in different parts of
the country. My colleague from the Galena dis-
trict [Mr. Washburne] asserted then, as he has
asserted now, that the Democratic papers in Illi-
nois had not only refused to publish the resolu-
tion of the Cincinnati Convention, but that they
had denied that such a resolution was passed.-
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I ask my col- II The gentleman has entirely failed to substantiate
league to answer my question one way or the
other. So far as the Democratic party in his dis-
trict took any position on that question, on which
side was it?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. They took
the side to get the most votes.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I call the at-
tention of the House and of the country to the
fact that although my colleague has risen this
morning f^r the purpose of again attempting to
create the impression that there was an attempt
at evasion on the part of the Democratic party in
the State of Illinois, he refuses to make a direct
answer to my question. I assert, sir, that the
attempt made—I care not from what quarter—to
show that the Democratic party of Illinois has
evaded the issues presented by the Democratic
Convention at Cincinnati, cannot be sustained or
borne out by facts.
Now, in regard to the State Register. The
issue of the Register which he has produced here
contains only the platform, if I am correctly in-
formed, for I have not examined it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Thatis what
I stated.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. Now, sir, was
that resolution in regard to President Pierce's
administration a part of the platform, or did I
assert on a former occasion that it was r
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman deny that that resolution was a part of
the platform ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. It was not a
part of the platform.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In reply to
the assertion of my colleague that that resolution
was no part of the platform, I will read to him
what the organ of his own party, the Chicago
Times, says upon that subject in the very article
which I have before me; and it is thir:
<( There is nothing no ridiculous as to deny that the in-
dorsement of the President was a part of the platform,
when in fact every word and line in that platform was an
indorsement of the President." ,
I answer the genfieman from his own organ.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. Well, that is
a sentence published in a newspaper. I have not i
time now to examine to what extent it goes. The !
resolution was not part of the platform, and by '
that charge.
Now, sir, I have no wish to place my colleague
in an unpleasant position before the country. My
only object is that, inasmuch as this matter has
been brought before the House, it may be thor-
oughly investigated. I wish to state distinctly
that the Democratic party of Illinois did not
attempt to evade any issue in the late contest.
They were all fairly and fully made. They have
been boldly met, I do not assert that all the
Democratic papers of the State published this
resolution; it was not a part of the platform.
Very few of the papers undertook to publish the
entire proceedings of that convention. But when
any of the resolutions were brought before the
Democracy of Illinois they stood by them. They
stood by all the proceedings of that convention.
Whether those proceedings were right or wrong
it was for the country to decide. There was no
attempt at evasion on the part of the Democracy.
To make this statement and set the matter in its
true light before the House is the only purpose
for which I have risen.
Mr. STEPHENS obtained the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I appeal to
the gentleman to yield to me to make a single
remark.
Mr. STEPHENS. It is not my purpose to
speak to-day; and, if the House will indulge the
gentlemen m their colloquy, I will make no
objection if it is not taken out of my time.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
such will be considered to be the understanding
of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There seems
to be & difference between my colleague and
myself in regard to what is the issue between us.
We are both lawyers; but he has been ajudge—
and there he has the advantage of me. To settle
the question we had better refer to the record.
What does that say? Here is the question I put
to my colleague. I especially call his attention
to it at this time:
^Will the gpntlcman state to the ITnuse whether he
knows, of his own knowledge, that (lie State Register and
the Chicago Times, two leading Democratic papers of that
State, published the resolution among the proceedings of
the Conventioa ?"
Here is a direct question. I asked my col-
league whether those papers published or sup-
referring to the published proceedings of the con- i, pressed that resolution? I wanted him to state
vention, the gentleman will see that it was not n what he knew from his personal knowledge of
adopted as a part of the platform. The remark j] the subject. What is his answer? It is that
in the Chicago Times proves nothing. jj " both of them" published it. There was no
But I was going on to say that even the State ij question whether this identical resolution was a
Register, which the gentleman brought forward
to substantiate his charge", published only.a part
of the proceedings of the Cincinnati Convention;
part of the platform or not. The question was,
whether this resolution had been published in
those papers? He replied that it had been pub-
