212
December SO,
Means, and allow them to proceed as ttfey are
now entitled to.' * '
•Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. 115 not desire
to launch the Committee of Waya and Means
upon any such sea. I move the ordinary resolu-
tion, to terminate all debate in'the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union on the bill
(H. R. No. 607) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1858, in five
minutes after the Committee of the Whole shall
resume the consideration of the same.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have in my
hands some communications, addressed to the
Committee of Ways and Means, relating to this
bill, and I move "that they be referred to the
Committee of W^fys and Means, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I now move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Sapp in the chair,) and proceeded
to the consideration of the bill of the House (No.
607) making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1858.
The bill having been read through at a former
session, was now read by clauses for amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, offered the following
amendment:
Page 1, line nine, after the word " Mexico," strike out
the word " Chum;" and in line eleven strikeout the words
" Argentine Republic," and insert " Buenos Ayres and
after the word " Nicaragua" m the thirteenth line, insert
the word "China;" so Unit the paragraph as amended
would read:
For salaries of envoys extraordinary, ministers, and com-
missioners of the United States at Great Britain, France,
Russia, Spam, Austria, Prussia, Brazil, Mexico, Switzer-
land, Rome, Naples, Sardinia, Belgium, Holland, Portugal,
Denmark,.Sweden, Turkey, Peru, Chili, Buenos AyreS,
New Granada, Bolivia, P^cuador, Venezuela, Guatemala,
Nicaiagua, China, and Sandwich Islands, .^71,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, from the same committee,
^noved to amend in the seventeenth line, on page
two, by striking out the words " Switzerland,
Rome, Naples, Sardinia, Belgium, Holland, Por-
tugal, Denmark, Sweden, Peru," and by striking
out the words "Argentine Republic" in the nine-
teenth line, and inserting the words "Buenos
Ayres;" so that the paragraph as amended would
read:
For salaries of the secretaries of legation of the United
States at Great Britain, Fiance, Russia, Spam, Austria,
Prussia, Brazil, Mexico", Buenos Ayre«, Chili, New Gran,
ada, Bolivia, Ecuador, Venezuela, Guatemala, and Nicar-
agua, $20,550.
Mr. C. said: I will simply state that these
changes are rendered necessary to conform to the
new law which was passed at the last session of
Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, from the same committee,
Moved to amend in the forty-eighth line by strid-
ing out the word "twenty," and inserting the
word " fiftyso that the paragraph would read:
For the purchase of blank-books, stationery, arms of the
United States, seals, presses, and flags, and for the pay-
ment of postages for the consuls of the United States,
$50,000. '
Mr. C. said: This is also rendered necessary to
comply with the new law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to amend in the
sixty-second line, by inserting after the word
"Cork," the word "Dublin;" so that it shall
read:
Consuls at Liverpool, London, Melbourne,UongKong,
Glasgow, Mauritius, Singapore, Belfast, Cork, Dublin,
Dundee, Demarara, &c. ;
and to increase the amount $1,000. Some two
years ago, a gentleman from the city of Phila-
delphia was appointed as consul to Dublin, at a
salary of j|l,000 a year. I understand that there
is no provision made for any salary at all to be
attached to this consulate. I cannot understand
the- reason why a salary is provided for tl
suls at Belfast and Cork, and none for ffiat at
Dublin. It strikes me that there is quite as much
reason for it at one point as the others. It is ne-
cessary that a salary should be provided for this
consul. I have received a letter from a young
man in Philadelphia, one of my constituents,
whose father is the consul at Dublin, complain-
ing, and justly too, that this appropriation of
$1,000 is withheld.
It is due to candor to say that the reason upon
the part of the Committee of Ways and Means
for not reporting this Appropriation, may be that
this consulate is not provided for in the new con-
sular and diplomatic bill, and that there is no
existing law authorizingthe appropriation. Upon
consultation with the gentleman from New Jersey,
[Mr. Pennington,] the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, I was informed that the
new bill does change the compensation of that
officer,and that he is now allowed only fees. But
it is certainly proper that he should be allowed the
compensation in addition of $1,000 per annum.
Mr. LETCHER. I submit that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania has proved that his amend-
ment is entirely out of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. There was no
estimate of this kind furnished by the Secretary
of State, who understands this subject quite as
well as the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the point of order is well taken.
Mr. FLORENCE. Why?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is out of
order. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. There is an existing law
authorizing this amendment, and I must appeal
from the decision of the Chair. There is an ex-
isting law providing for the salary of the consul
at Dublin.
Mr. LETCHER. As I understand this mat-
ter, there is an existing law which provides for
the payment of this consul in fees, and now the
gentleman proposes an additional law to pay him
a salary besides the fees.
Mr. FLOTtENCE. I call the gentleman from
Virginia to*rder. The appeal is not debatable.
I demand tellers on the appeal.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS. I wish to hear the law
read before I give my vote on the question of
order.
Mr. FLORENCE. The law which passed at
the last session of Congress has this provision for
salary for consuls at the places named:
"Belfast, Cork, Dundee, Demarara, Halifax, Kingston,
(Jamaica,) Leeds, &c.. See., $2,000."
Dublin is not included. This law goes into
effect in January next, and I want Dublin to
be included in this provision.
The decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment ruled out of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to move
to insert in the clause for paying the salaries of
consuls, after the word " Ponce," the words
" Porto Rico."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HERBERT. I -move that there be in-
serted in the same clause, after the words " San
Juan del Sur," the word " Menzanillo."
Mr PHELPS. That is not a salaried con-
sulate under existing law, and I make the point
that the amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN.
point of order.
Mr. HAVEN. I move to strike out the words
" For consular pupils, $25,000." Mr. Chairman,
I made an inquiry when the bill was first read
as to the meaning of .this provision. I learn, on
examination, that there is in the bill passed at
the last session a provision for these consular
pupils. I do not know whether I voted for that
bill or not. I certainly did not know that it con-
tained any such provision. The seventh section
of that bill is as follows:
" That the President be, and is hereby, authorized, when-
ever he shall think the public good will be promoted there-
by, to appoint consular pupils, not to exceed twenty-five
i'r ?ur"1>er at any one time, who shall be citizens of the
united States, and entitled to compensation for their ser-
vices, respectively, at a rate not to exeecd .J1,000 per an-
num, to he determined by the President; and to assign such
pupils, from time to lime, to sucli consulates, and with
such duties, as lie may [think] proper; and before the
The Chair sustains the
appointment of any such pupil shall be made, satisfactory
evidence, by examination or otherwise, shall be furnished
of his qualifications and fitness for the office to the Secre-
tary of State, and by him laid before the President."
I now ask some gentleman to tell me what this
means ? There have never been, as I understand,
any such pupils appointed. Therefore this ap-
propriation is prospective. The law goes into
operation on the 1st of January next. Now, are
we to have a system of consular schools ? Is the
President to appoint consular scholars, at his dis-
cretion, not to exceed twenty-five; and are they
to be educated for the consular service ? If he
selects that number, and they are educated for
the consular duties, is the President of five years
hence to have the discretion of turning them out,
and selecting others ? Are they to be changed
under every Administration, and raw hands ap-
pointed? By what rules are the appointments
to be governed? In fact, are they to be anything
more than so many clerks ? I agree that it would
be well if we could get all the knowledge and
capacity necessary for the consular department;
but I believe the country has got along very well
by the present mode of selection, and when the
best and wisest men have not been employed as
consuls.
There is no provision for the instruction of
these pupils. What is to be done with them ?
Are we to have a professorship established ? If
so, who is to be the man ? My friend before me
[Mr. Quitman] has a plan which he intends to
offer at the proper time; and if this appropriation
passes, it will be seeming and fit that the House
should agree in the views he entertains on this
subject. How is this business to be managed ?
I know that it is, and has been, usual to go even
into the back countries, and take nieu unac-
quainted with commercial pursuits for the posi-
tions of consuls. I have heard of them being
taken from western and northwestern States.
No one has complained of this. They make ex-
cellent consuls, and discharge faithfully the duties
of their offices.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Does the gentle-
man undertake to say that there are no persons
in the Northwest who understand commercial
matters ?
Mr. HAVEN. So far from it I stated that
they made excellent consuls. My argument is,
that they make such good ones that there is no
necessity for consular schools to educate pupfls
to supersede them. This provision provides for
a new and universal system. These pupils are
to be appointed at the discretion of the President.
Yet it is also discretionary with us whether we
shall appropriate this $'25,000 or not. He may
assign them as he pleases. Is he to give them to
consuls for whom a salary is already provided ?
Are these consuls to be their instructors? In
what are they to instruct them? In what lan-
guage, and under what system ? How long are
j they to be continued? I submit that it would be
wise and discreet, on the part of the House, to
forego making this appropriation, and to report
the bill to the House without it.
Gentlemen suggest that we ought to repeal the
provision of the law requiring this appropriation.
I do not care whether we repeal the provision
or not. It does no harm upon the statute-book
until Congress furnishes the means to put it into
operation. I hope the committee will refuse to
furnish those means. It, may have been ri<rht
enough for the Committee of Ways and Means
to report the item, because they found it in the
printed estimates; but I do not think the House
should sanction" it.
Mr. PENNINGTON. Mr. Chairman, I have
but little to say in reply to the observations of
my friend from New York. I have no special
concern for this appropriation, nor, indeed, for
the particular provision of the diplomatic and
consular act which suggests it. In justice to
myself and to the Department of State, on whose
recommendation the provision was made, it is
proper that I should state the precise object of it,
and the considerationswhich led to it;aiid having
done this, I shall cheerfully leave the question of
the appropriation to the judgment of the com-
mittee.
The bill was prepared with great labor, amidst
other pressing duties, and after-many^consuRa-
tions with officers of the State Department charged
with the subjects of it, and with many others
