vm-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
appears on the Journalas having voted for this
Mil as an entirety. I may have voted also m
favor of a suspension of the rules to take it up,
as I usually do when my friends appeal to me to
do so to enable them to get a bill before the House.
I look upon that bill as a considerable improve-
ment upon the bill known as the Perkins bill; and
While 1 may not favor thisparticular featurem the
bill, on the whole I regard it as an improvement. ;
The section, however, which provides for these |
pupils ought to be repealed, and I hope the Com- |
mittee on Foreign Affairs will report a bill to j
repeal it. „   '
It is true, as remarked by the gentleman from
Virginia, that if you pass this appropriation you
give vitality to a law which, I am satisfied, two
thirds of this committee are opposed to. It is
unnecessary for gentlemen to say, m repiy to
this remark, that the matter is within the discre-
tion of the President^ and thatjie will not exercise
that discretion unless he believes there is good
reason for doing so. Permit me to say, that
politicians will endeavor day after day to impress
him with the propriety and vital importance of
putting this provision into immediate operation.
That will be the result of it. Every gentleman
who desires an appointment for himself or for
any of his friends, wilt urge the importance of
having the law carried into effect. I say, then,
that if we arc opposed to carrying the law into
effect, we should vote for the amendment of the
gentleman from New York, and strike out the
appropriation altogether.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to. • • I
The questign then recurred upon the original
amendment offered by Mr. Haven.
Mr. GREENWOOD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craige and
WALBiiiDtiE were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes ninety; a further count not heing demanded.
So the amendment was agreed to, and the
paragraph stricken out.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. . I now move to
■ strike out the words "consular pupils," in the
following paragraph:
For estimated loss by exchange on drafts of consuls,
interpreters, and consular pupils for salary, $45,000.
This is rendered necessary by the amendment
which has just been adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRAIGE. It seems to. me that, as we
have stricken out these consular pupils, we ought
also to reduce the amount. I move to reduce the
amount from §45,000 to $30,0lt0.
Mr. CAMPBELL,ofOhio. The precise amount
estimated for the loss on exchange for these con-
sular pupils was stated in the estimates which
were ordered to be printed this morning, but they
are not before me. I would suggest, however,
that the sum should remain as it is, and whatever
is unexpended will, go back to the surplus fund.
I hope the gentleman from North Carolina will
withdraw his amendment.
Mr. CRAIGE. I certainly will not. I think
it should be passed by all means. ,
" Mr. PHELPS. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from North Carolina by
striking out fcf0,000 and inserting $40,000. My
only object m moving this amendment is to ex-
plain this matter to the committee; for if the gen-
tleman from North Carolina insists upon having
a-vote upon his amendment, we may fyid our-
selves without a quorum. This appropriation is
merely to cover the estimated loss upon the ex-
change drawn by our ministers and our consuls
abroad, who receive salaries. It also provides
for the loss estimated upon the exchange drawn
by the consular pupils for their salaries. This
is but the estimate of the probable loss. There
is no means by which it can be exactly ascer-
tained what will be the amount of the loss on bills
of exchange drawn by our diplomatic agents
abroad. One year it may be greater; another
year it may be less. The rates of exchange fluc-
tuate with trade. I appeal to the gentleman from
North Carolina to let it stand as it is. Nothing
VriU be lost. No other expenditure can be made
underthis appropriation but for this purpose; and
if the entire appropriation is not exhausted, the
balance will go into the Treasury.
Mr. CRAIGE. Ths gentleman i« mistaken
about this appropriation. He says that it is for
losses by exchange on drafts of our diplomatic
agents abroad. It is no such thing. It is for
" loss by exchange on drafts of consuls, inter-
preters, and consular pupils for salary." The
provision concerning the consular pupils has been
stricken out, and the only loss then would be that
by exchange on drafts drawn by consuls and in-
terpreters. Of course, then, the loss would not
be as great on drafts of consuls and interpreters
as it would be on consuls, interpreters, and con-
sular pupils.
Mr. PHELPS. It is the loss on drafts drawn
by our consular agents abroad. I used the gen-
eral term diplomatic agents; but as the gentleman
desires to arri.ve at dftct accuracy, let me state
this: §272,750 is apjWpriated for the salaries of
consuls; and, in addition, they draw on the
Treasury for amounts of money for the purpose
of defraying the expenses incurred in providing
for the return of our distressed seamen discharged
in foreign ports. The amount of appropriation
for consular pupils was fixed at $25,000. If the
gentleman wishes to know how much this appro-
priation for loss by exchange ought to be reduced
because of the rejection of the consular-pupil
appropriation, let him cipher out this simple
problem in the rule of three: as $280,000, the
amount of salaries, is to $45,000, the estimated
loss, so is $25,000 to the amount of the required
reduction. I think the appropriation had better
remain as it is. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to reduee
the appropriation to $5,000. I do not know
whether I correctly understand this matter. If
I am wrong, I ask to be corrected. With my
present understanding of it, I am inclined to agree
with the gentleman from North Carolina. Ihis
clause proposes that the Government shall indorse
what our consuls and interpreters all over the
world shall report to it to be the exchange against
it. Whatever they report and draw for we have
to pay. We have a consul in Turkey, remote
from commerce. He wants his salary, and the
cash for it. It can only be cashed under great
disadvantages, and at great loss. He does not
trouble himself about the loss, for we have to pay
The heavy discount for cashing it comes out
of the Treasury. And I put the question to gen
tlemen, whether it is intended to give to the mul-
titude of consular agents we have scattered all
over the world the power to tax the Treasury at
their will, in the name of the exchange they have
to deal with, in order to get their salaries? It
comes to that at last. Such, unquestionably, is
the character of this provision. All over the
world our consular agents and interpreters are to
have authority to tax the Federal Treasury with
the rates of exchange under every circumstance.
I am unwilling to agree to it.
Mr. PHELPS. The salary of the secretary of
legation at China, when he acts as interpreter, is
§5,000 per annum—and I take this case as an
illustration—and I desire to know whether or not
the gentleman is in favor of paying to thaj man,
when residing abroad, the salary we have prom-
ised to pay him?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. When the Govern-
ment owes money, let it pay it at home at the
Treasury, or abroad, according to the circum-
stance of the case. Let the Government pay its
agents the amounts it has promised to pay them.
I do not make any question about that; but I am
opposed to allowing these agents to draw at will
upon the Treasury. Let the Government fix to
pay them quarterly, or semi-annually, or annu-
ally, and remit to them the amounts to which they
are entitled. Then the business will be proper
and legitimate, and conducted on the best and
cheapest terms; and that is the way in which
it ought to be done; and we ought not to allow
hundreds of consular agents all oyer the world to
draw on the Treasury with their own determ-
ination of the real or imagined rates of exchange.
If what I propose be done, then the drafts will
be drawn at the lowest figure of exchange—not
so if the agents are allowed to draw them as they
please. I withdraw my amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Craige s
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. CAMPBELL, ofOhio. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
Add as follows:
Fot office rent for those consuls-general, consuls, and
commercial agents who art; «otraHowed to trade, notA
exceed ten per centum on. the amount of their compensa-
tion, as fixed by the act .approved 18th August, 18o6,
$£23,500. "
For the preservation of the,archives of the several con-
sulates of the United States, and of commercial agencies,
$n,'juo. , ■
Mr. HAVEN. I call for a division of the ques-
tion, and ask that the question Be first taken on
the first clause of the amendment; . Let me say
that I am opposed to the first branch of the amend-
ment, and I do not propose to be caught napping
again upon the watch-tower, as my friend, from
Ohio [Mr. Campbell] suggested ttet I was last
year.
The bill of last session provided the salaries
of these gentlemen, and the object of the1 Legis-
lature in doing it was to cover the entire expend-
iture, that we might know with some fixed cer-
tainty what we were doing. We propose to give
to the consul at British North America |4,000; to
British India $5,000; to Alexandria $3,500; to
Simoda #5,000; and so on; and now, before the
year has gone around, here comes in a proposi-
tion to give to these men some ten per cent, addi-
tional compensation. I should like to know why
it is. The gentleman from Ohio says to me:
" You were asleep last year when this bill w&3
passed, and I and my friends fixed a compensa-
tion for these consuls which we are willing to
abide by." Now I am awake, and I call upon
him to be awake also, and see that these salaries
shall not be increased. ■
I have no sort of objection to the other part of
this amendment; but the moment we pay this
rent, we shall have to pay it not only to consuls
who are not allowed to trade, but to every one
who is named in this bill; and we shall have to
pay office rent also for these consular pupils.
This will be an encouragement to them, and the
moment you allow them to get their fingers into
the Treasury, they will thrust in their whole
arms clean up to the shoulders.
I submit that the provision which fixed the
salaries of these consuls at §3,500, $4,000, $5,000,
$6,000, &c., was intended to cover'the entire out-
lay; and if we pay those rents, we had better
bring in a bill at once to pay their board and wash-
ing and personal expenditures. I hope the com-
mittee will reject the first portion of the amend-
ment, and adopt the second.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to amend
by adding $5,000 to the appropriation. I offer
the amendment merely for the purpose of ex-
pressing my gratitude to the gentleman from
New York, who has announced to the committee
and the country that he is aroused, and one of tire
Treasury guardians. The Committee of Ways
and Means in presenting this amendment be-
lieved, with the Secretary of State, that it was a (
proper item. By the bill of last session the whole
system of compensation and fees was revolution-
ized, and instead of giving consuls fees and per-
quisites, which amounted in many instances to
thousands of dollars, they are now restricted to a
fixed sum.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. I ask the gentleman from Ohio if there
is any law authorizing this payment of office-
rent ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The law author-
izes the appointment of consuls at the various
points designated. Of course, their duties cannot
be discharged in the open air, and in the storms.
It is necessary that they should have shelter.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If there is no law
authorizing this expenditure, the amendment ia
out of order, and I raise that point.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. There is a law
upon which the amendment is based, and 1 send
it to the Clerk's desk that it may be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Jind be it further enacted, That the President be, and be
is hereby, authorized to provide at the public expense> all
such stationerv, blank, record, and other &°oks, seals,
presses, flags, and signs, as he shall think neces^*the
several legations, consulates, and commercial ageneies m
the transaction of their business ; and '
think there is sufficient reason therefor, to tflow consul s
general, consuls and commercial a?ents, who are not ai-
lowed to
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I withdraw my
P°Mr.°CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I will state to
the committee that the amount recommended by
