1857.
attending the improvement of Sixth street, along
the site of Port Porter, m Buffalo, New York.
[Objected to by Mr. Ready.]
An act (S. No. 224) for the relief of A. S.
^The^'bUl directs the Secretary of War to pay
to A. S. Bender $1,281 92, in full consideration
of his services as superintendent of the United
States lead mines of the Upper Mississippi, from
August 2, 1844, to October 16, 1847, it being the
difference between his pay as such superintend-
ent, to which he is entitled, and the pay of acting
superintendent, which he received for the same
Peit°appears that in 1843, while General Walter
Cunningham was superintending the United
States lead mines of Illinois, Wisconsin, and
Iowa, (with a salary of $1,200 per annum,) it
became necessary that he should be sent to ex-
amine the copper region of Lake Superior, when,
by special order of the Secretary of War, the
petitioner was sent out to relieve General Cun-
ningham temporarily at the lead mines, at a salary
of $800 per annum, .
In 1844 General Cunningham was permanently
assigned to the agency of the copper mines, and
consequently did not return to his former post;
so that all the duties of the special agency of the
lead mines, originally assigned to General Cun-
ningham, devolved upon the petitioner, A. S.
Bender, which he continued to perform from May
11, 1843, to October 16, 1847, and for which he
was paid at the rate of $800 per annum.
The petitioner prays to be allowed the differ-
ence in salary, ($400 per annum,) not from the
.time of his taking charge of the works, but from
the date of General Cunningham's permanent
transfer to the copper mines, viz: from August
2,1844, to October 16, 1847—three years, two
months, and fourteen days — amounting to
&1 281 92.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill for the relief of John A. Sims, surviving
partner of L. Sims & Brother.
Mr. STANTON. I object. It seems to me
that this case involves a legal question, which
had better be decided by the Court of Claims.
Mr. QUITMAN. If the gentleman will hear
a simple explanation, I think that he will be sat-
isfied that the bill ought to pass. The case was
very thoroughly examined by the Committee on
Military Affairs, and they wore unanimously of
the opinion that the claimant had a legal claim
against the United States. The failure of Con-
gress to grant the relief asked for will impose
great hardships upon these worthy contractors.
I trust the gentleman will withdraw his objec-
tion.
Mr. STANTON. It seems to me that we are
not prepared to decide upon the legal question
involved; but I will withdraw my^ objection.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I object.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
A bill (H. R. No. 463) for the relief of Jesse
Morrison, of Illinois.
The bill directs that there be paid to Jesse
Morrison, of Illinois, $500, the same being in full
fer damage in being dispossessed of his store-
house at Fort Jackson, Michigan Territory, for
use of the United States military force, and for
' rent of the storehouse by the Government, during
the Black Hawk war.
It appears that during the Black Hawk war
Mr. Morrison was a merchant at Mineral Point,
then in Michigan Territory, and now in the State
of Wisconsin, where he had a large stock of mer-
chandise. It became necessary for the accom-
modation of the army to occupy his storehouse
building for public purposes, and a requisition
was made in due form by the proper officer for
the delivery up of the building for the public use.
Mr. Morrison, therefore, was obliged to break up
and move his store of goods, and give up his
storehouse for the use of the United States mil-
itary force then stationed there. The damage to
Mr. Morrison in breaking up his business and
the rent of his storehouse amounted to the sum
claimed, five hundred dollars. After the close of
■ the war, Mr. Morrison made application to the
Secretary of War to be reimbursed for his loss
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
and damage; but, while the justice of the claim
was not disputed, it was alleged that no law then
existed to authorize the payment thereof.
Mr. LETCHER. What are the items of the
account?
The Clerk read as follows:
" For the occupancy of his storehouse at Mineral Point,
for the storing ot public stores during the late Indian war,
possession taken by order of John Moore, captain com-
manding the fort, $500."
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to inquire of
the gentleman who reported this bill how a
private storehouse came inside of a United States
fort?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman wiil permit flfe a word in reply to his
inquiry directed to the gentleman who reported
the bill, the transaction took place in my sec-
tion of the country, and I am familiar with the
facts of the case. That portion of the village of
Mineral Point in which was situated the store of
the party claiming rent and damages here, was
tursed into a fort, and the claimant's store was
taken by the military authority, his goods re-
moved, and the store occupied by the troops.
From that time to this he has never been able to
obtain anything from the Government for the
rent of his building, or the damage occasioned by
dispossessing him of his property. I trust there
will be no objection to the bill.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 464) for the relief of Anna E.
Bronaugh, widow of the late John W. Bronaugh.
[Objected to by Mr. Ruffin.]
Mr. DAVIDSON moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes 35, noes
94.
A bill (H. R. No. 465) for the relief of Antoine
Robideau.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Ant.oine Robideau jj870, in full for his
traveling expenses from California, after having
been wounded at the battle of San Pasqual.
The report states that Robideau was employed
by General Kearny, in 1846, to proceed with his
command as an interpreter; that he attached him
"to his staff, and p^nised to send to VVashington
and obtain a commission for him, which, if'ever
sent for, was never received by the memorialist.
Robideau marched with the army to Sante Fe,m
New Mexico, and thence to California, where,
at a place called San Pasqual, on the 6th of
December, 1846, a battle ensued with the Mexi-
cans, in which Robideau was wounded with a
lance in the spine, which produced blindness,
under which unfortunate affliction he is now suf-
fering. Being, on account of this wound, unable
to return with the army from California, he was
discharged there without any allowance to pay
his traveling expenses home. On account of his
disability, he was obliged to remain in California
some three months before he could get a passage
home, being unable to travel by land. Finally,
by a Slow and tedious journey, via Peru, J amaica,
and other places, lie was enabled to reach New
Orleans.
It is for a remuneration by Congress ot his
traveling expenses that the memorialist now peti-
tions Congress.
The bill was laid aside .to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
An act (S. No. 161) for the relief of Joshua
Shaw, of Bordentown, New Jersey. [Objected
to by Mr. GIuitmax.]
A bill (H. R. No. 466) for the relief of William
Kendall. .
The bill directs the accounting officers ot_the
Treasury to settle the account of William Ken-
dall, sutler at Fort Columbus, for all articles fur-
nished by him to soldiers there recruited or sta-
tioned during the late Mexican war, and in all
cases where the several amounts claimed were reg-
ularly entered on the original muster or descriptive
rolls which accompanied the detachments from
the fort, and were thus charged against the respect- ,
ive soldiers, bn t„v/ore not transferred to the^com- I
pany rolls, nor retained out of the soldiers' pay, ,
and allowed to the said Kendall, to allow and pay
to him the said amounts.
The memorialist, it appears, was the regularly
appointed sutler to the army at Fort Columbus,
in the harbor of New York, during the late Mex-
ican war. *That port ^as one of the general
recruiting' depots, where thousands of recruits
remained only for a few days to receive primary
instruction, and were then ordered to the seat of
war.
The memorialist in his petition alleges that,
under the order of the Secretary of War, he fur-
nished such articles as were proscribed by a board
of officers, at a tariff of prices fixed by them, to
a large number of newly-enlisted soldiers; and
upon the departure of each" detachment for the
seat of war, he furnished the amount of his claims
against the several Oldiers to the commanding
officer of the post, who caused the same to be
duly entered on the muster or descriptive roll,
signed by himself, of which a copy is on record
in the office of the Adjutant General.
He further states, that upon application at the
offices of the Adjutant General and the Second
Auditor, it was ascertained that a large amount
of these clailnshad never been transferred by the
several Army officers from the original list or roll
to the company rolls. In consequence of this
omission, the claims never became known to the
several paymasters. All such soldiers as owed
these amounts to the sutler were paid in full, with- ,
out the deduction required by law; and the me-
morialist thereby lost claims to the amount of
about $2,500.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Orr reported that the
Committee of the Whole House had, according
to order, had the Private Calendar under con-
sideration, and had directed him to report to the
! House bills of the following titles, without
j amendment, and with the recommendation that
1 they do pass:
A bill (H. R. No. 405) for the relief of Com-
mander John L. Saunders;
A bill (H. R. No. 438) for tie relief of the
heirs of Captain Thomas Gill;
A bill (C. C. No. 9) for the relief of Joseph
White;
An act (S. No. 205) for the relief of Peter
Grover;
A bill (H. R. No. 440) for the relief of the
sureties of Darnel Winslow;
A bill (H. R. No. 446) for the relief of Thomas
B. Steele, passed assistant surgeon of the Navy
of the Uniied States;
An act (S. No. 261) granting bounty land to
Jared L. Elliott;
A bill (H. R. No. 459) for tha relief of John
C. McComiell;
A bill (H. R. No. 460) to reimburse the estate
of Joseph McClure, a paymaster in the war of
1812;
An act (S. No. 224) for the relief of A. S.
Bender;
A bill (H. R. No. 463) for the relief of Jesse
Morrison, of Illinois;
A bill (H. R. No. 466) for the relief of Wil-
liam Kendall;
A bill (H. R. No. 429) to authorize the Post-
master General to execute a contract with Messrs.
Garman, Wigle, and Benford, for carrying the
mail from Cumberland, Maryland, to Grecns-
burg, Pennsylvania; and _
A bill (II. R. No. 465) for the relief of An-
toine Robideau.
And had also directed him to report to the
House a bill for the relief of James P. Fleming,
of Augusta, Georgia, with an amendment, and
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bills severally received their third reading,
and were passed. ,
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the
votes by which the bills were passed, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
A bill (H. R. No. 436) for the relief of James
i P. Fleming, of Augusta, Georgia, reportcM from
j the Committee of the Whole, with the following
; amendment:
1 After the words " out of the'Treasury," insert: to the
I credit of the Post Office Department.
! The amendment wa* agreed to.
