THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
of the correctness of the decision of the jury;
but we have created a court to investigate claims
against the Government. The circuit court of
the United States,- by a jury in that court, de-
termined that this sum was due to Mr. Reeside
in bia lifetime; and then the Court of Claims,
appointed by this Government, where the Gov-
ernment had its representative, arrived at the
same decision. Under such circumstances I can-
not resist the claim. It seems to me palpable,
that whatever might have been my original incli-
nation, I must have been in error. 1 see no use
in having a Court of ClainM unless we pay some
respect to its decisions, n there were any inti-
mation that they had acted under a mistake, or
that there had been any corruption or misrepre-
sentation in the matter, I should be perfectly
willing to agree to a reinvestigation; but when
that court have had full opportunity to investi-
gate a case, they can certainly come to a more
correct conclusion than any deliberative body
which does not hear the testimony on both sides.
1.C Mrs. Reeside is entitled to this money, i'
ought to have it, and have it promptly.
Mr. TOUCEY. I would inqiiire of the Sen-
ator from Maine, whether the Court of Claims
investigated the merits of this claim independ-
ently of that lee;al question which he has noticed?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir.
Mr. TOUCEY. Then I understand that, in
this case, a jury, many years ago, decided in
favor of the validity of the claim to the full extent
of this bill. I understand that it has been re-
ferred to the Court of Claims; and, without an
examination of its merits, that court, in the dis-
charge of its duty, has given an opinion in favor
of it upon a point winch I certainly doubt. It
has been referred to the Committee of Claims in
the House of Representatives; and, upon an ex
amination of its merits, independently of that
verdict of the jury, they have reported this bill
unanimously,*and the House has passed it. It
has been referred to the Committee on Claims
of the Senate; and, as I am informed, the com-
mittee have not only examined the legal question
in regard to the conclusive nature of'the verdict
of the jury on the Court of Claims, but have
gone beyond that, and have inquired into the
merits of this bill, independently of that question
Mr. FESSENDEN. ( I wish the honorable
Senator to understand me. We have not exam-,
ined the original groumls of the claim. That
would be impossible.
Mr. TOUCEY. If the committee have not
done so, how have they arrived at a conclusion
on the merits, except by coinciding with the
judgment of the Court of Claims?
Mr. FESSENDEN. All that we have had an
opportunity to examine, and necessarily all that
we could examine, in the time allowed us, has
been the mode of the trial, the facts connected
■with the trial, the result of the trial, the opinions
of the judges, and the circumstances connected
with the claim as tried, what appeared on the
opinions given, and the statements made by the
court and jurors in reference to it. As to the
original claim, it is a matter of accounts running
through a long series of years, and its thorough
examination would require close application for
a very considerable number/if weeks. The jury,
I think, were something like five or six weeks in
coming to their conclusion, and going through
the accounts.
Mr. HUNTER. Was it a jury of the vicin-
age?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No,- sir, I believe not.
It was tried at Philadelphia. It would be utterly
impossible at this period to examine the accounts,
for the Senator from Connecticut will observe
that this matter took place sixteen or seventeen
years ago; many of the witnesses are now dead;
many of the papers are necessarily scattered, and
it would be absolutely impossible for Mrs. Ree-,
side, who is only the executrix, her husband i
being dead, (the only man who understood his ;
own case, and all the matters connected with it, I
and the only person who could understand it,) to I
have an examination of the case at this day j
which would be a fair one for the claimant. I
.Mr. TOUCEY. I would inquire whether the j
circuit judge and the district judge who presided
the circuit court on the trial, certified that they
were satisfied with the verdict of the jury ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Amotion w«s made to
set aside the verdict at the time. The motion
was argued to the court, and Judge Baldwin gave
the opinion of the court, in which Judge Hop-
kinson concurred, which was substantially this;
that the trial had been a long, laborious, impar-
tial, and fair one, by an intelligent and honest
jury; that they had come to a conclusion; that
the court saw no reason to find fault with the
•conclusion; and there is an intimation, if I recol-
lect aright, that the jury, on the evidence, might
well have found a larger balance than they did
find. Mr. Reeside claimed a much larger balance
than was found for him; and the judges saw no
good ground to set asidS the verdict, and ex-
pressed, in legal terms, their entire satisfaction
with it. The attorney for the Government filed
a bill of exceptions, but abandoned it.
Mr. TOUCEY. I was about to say the ques-
tion is now between Mr. Reeside's widow and
the Government. He was conversant with all
the facts, and in his lifetime there might have
been a new trial. Now, I confess, after the ver-
dict of the jury, after the judgment of the Court
of Claims, after the decision of the Committee of
the House of Representatives, and of that body,
and after the unanimous decision and opinion of
the committee of this body in favor of this claim,
as between the widow of the party to it who can
no longer speak in regard to the particulars of it,
I feel, for one, as if I could not vote against pay-
ing the money. I think that the citizens have a
right to complain, not only of the tardy justice
of the Government, but of its great injustice, if,
after all these investigations, we should not pay
this mon5y.
At the same time, I cannot vote for this bill,
with an understanding that I approve of that de-
cision of the Court of Claims to which the Sen-
ator from Maine adverted. I have not examined
the question, but it is contrary to all my notions
to give any such conclusive operation to a certifi-
cate of a jury in a case between the United States
and a party dealing with this Government. If it
had such an effect, the officers at the other end of
the avenue ought to have acted upon it without
controversy; but after it has been given, and after
it has passed through all the ordeals through
which it has passed in this case, and after the
party who had been struggjjfe with the Govern-
ment for a series of years Has been in his grave
sleeping for years, and lus widow comes before
her country for justice, or what she claims to
be justice, in a case of which she has no knowl-
edge, I for one cannot justify myself in voting
against the claim. If it be true that the last rem-
nant of her property is to be sold to-day unless
this bill passes, it would constitute a reason why
I should give my vote now in favor of the bill in-
stead of postponing it until after the estate shall
have been sold.
Mr. CASS. I should like to ask tl\e honorable
Senator from Maine what is the point decided by
the Court of Claims to which he refers, about
which he has doubts? I will ask another ques-
tion, for I have not examined the subject at all:
is this the claim which was refused to be paid by
Mr. Kendall some years ago, and in which there
was a prosecution ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is one of them. The
point is simply this; the cause was tried in Penn-
sylvania under the laws of Pennsylvania; and
there is a provision in those laws by which,
substantially, when a suit of this character is
brought, the juiy may look into all the accounts
between the parties; and if they find a balance
due to the defendant, they may certify that bal-
ance as due to the defendant 111 the cause, and
make it a part of the record, and the court may
render judgment, and issue their precept accord-
ingly. In other words, it is the common case of
a set-off. The jury, in this instance, under the
direction of the court, examined all the accounts,
as well those against Mr. Reeside as those which i
he presented, according to the existing laws of j
Pennsylvania, and they certified a certain amount
to be due to Mi. Reeside. That certificate was
entered and made a part of the record. Of course,
the court coufd not issue execution against the
Government, but they made it a part of the rec-
ord, and part of their judgment.
The question which the Court of Claims con-
sidered was, whether, as against the Government,
that-was to be regarded as a judgment of record;
not whether the court eould issue execution, be-
cause that, it was admitted, they could not do;
but whether it was a record judgment, and should
have the same conclusive effect against the Gov-
; ernment'that it would have against an individual;
j and the Court of Claims, on examination of that
i question, decided that it should. One member of
1 the court dissented. The Senator will observe
that the objection to its having that effect was no
objection to the trial itself. There was no objec-
tion to the fulness and fairness of the trial. 'But
it was a mere technical, legal objection—a ques-
tion whether, inasmuch as a suit cannot be com-
menced against the Government, and judgment
obtained, the Government will, where it com-
mences a suit, and subjects itself to certain legal
proceedings and certain State laws, by virtue of
their own statute, be concluded by a decision
against them, as to a balance found to be due?
Mr. CASS. Was this suit brought by the
United States against the representatives of Ree-
side ? \
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was brought against
Reeside himself whilst he was living.
Mr. TOUCEY. I ought tp say, perhaps, in
justice to the court, having expressed a partial
dissent from the opinion of the Court of Claims,
that I have not investigated that question, and
would not venture to give an opinion of my own
without investigation in opposition to it; yet I
must say that my impressions have been the
other way, with regard to the conclusive nature
of a certificate of a jury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I began this examina-
tion with the same impression against it which
the honorable Senator from Connecticut has, but
I confess that the opinion of the majority of the
court staggered me very much in relation to the
correctness of my original impression.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I think it is
important for us now to determine what weight
we shall give to the judgments of the Court of
Claims in cases brought before them. I have
been strongly inclined to the opinion that we
ought to recognize their judgments as, if not con-
clusive, at least presenting a prima facie case for
payment of the amount of their award. If we
are to reopen every case, paying no respect to
the action of that court, I do not see of what use
the court is. I voted to establish the Court of
Claims for the reason that my experience here
had satisfied me that we were almost as liable to
do injustice as to render justice in the decision of
contested private claims before the Senate. It is
impossible for sixty-two Senators to investigate
each question that arises in the innumerable
claims that are brought before us. Formerly,
when claims came before us, the claimant made
out his case by such evidence as he chose to pre-
sent. It was not authenticated—not subjected to
the test of cross-examination. The Government
had no representative present at the examinations
to protect its rights. The consequence was, that
we were paying a vast number of improper and
unfounded claims. Before the Court of Claims,
however, both parties are heard; the testimony is
sifted, and is tested by cross-examination; and
when that court, impartially constituted, com-
posed of able men, has examined claims, I believe
in ninety-nine cases out of one hundred they will
come nearer doing justice between the parties
than the Senate can.
The inclination of my mind, then, is to decline
entertaining appeals from the Court of Claims to
the Senate. At least, if we are to do so, I should
hold that we ought to regard the judgmentof that
court as tendering a clear prima facie case on all
points, and imposing the burden on those who
contest the propriety of the judgment, to show
wherein it is wrong. I do not know why we
should review each case coming from the Court
of Claims any more than we should review the
decisions of the Supreme Court. It is certain
that if vve take up each case 'anew, and reargue
and decide it hero, we shall have no time for our
legislative duties.
I merely call attention to this point now, as a
preliminary question to enable us to decide as to
what shall be our rule of action. Are we to take
the judgment of the court as conclusive? If not,
ought we to take it as prima facie evidence that
the claim is just until the contrary is proved ? Or
are we to regard it simply as the report of a com-
mittee, raising no considerable presumptions on
the fmbject ? For my part I am for regarding it
