THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 8, 1857.
New Series No. 15.
"The remembrance of the difficulties which happened upon
the occasion last year, and the consequences which might
have followed the change, if proper advantages had been
taken by the enemy, added to a knowledge of the present
temper and situation of the troops, afford but a very gloomy
prospect m the appearance of things now, and satisfy me,
beyond the possibility of a doubt, that, unless some speedy
and effectual measures are adopted by Congress, our cause
will be lost. It h in vain to expect that any more than a
trifling part of this army will again engage in the service on
the encouragement offered by Congress.
" When men find that their townsmen and companions
are receiving twenty, thirty, and more dollars for a"few
months' service, which is tiuly the case, it cannot be ex-
pected without using compulsion, and to force them into
the service would answer no valuable purpose. When
men are irritated, and their passions inflamed, they fly
hastily and cheerfully to arms; but after the first emotions
I are over, to expect among such people as compose the
fmlk of an army, that they are influenced by any other
principles than those of interest, is to look for what never
did, and I fear never will happen ; the Congress wilt
deceive themselves, therefore, if they expect it. A soldier
reasoned with upon the goodness of the cause he is en-
gaged in, and the inestimable rights he is contending for,
hears you with patience, and acknowledges the truth of
your observations; but adds that it is of no more import-
ance to him than to others. The officer makes you the
same reply, with this further remark: that his pay will not
support lam, and lie cannot ruin himself and family to
serve his country, when every member of the community
is equally interested and benefited by his labors. The few,
therefore, who act upon principles of disinterestedness,
comparatively speaking, are no more than a drop in the
ocean.
" It becomes evident to me, then, that as this contest is
not likely to be the work of a day, as the war must be carried
on systematically, and to do it you must have good officers,
there are no other possible means to obtain them but by
establishing your army upon a permanent footing, and
giving your officers good pay. This will induce gentlemen
and men of character to engage; and till the bulk of your
officers is composed of such persons as are actuated by
principles of honor and a spirit of enterprise, you have
iittle to expect from them. They ought to have such allow-
ances as wiH enable them to live like and support the
character of gentlemen, and not be driven by a scanty pit-
tance to the low and dirty arts which many of them prac-
tice, to filch from the public more than the difference of
pay would amount to upon an ample allowance.
" Besides, something is due to the man who puts his life
in your hands, hazards his health, and forsakes the sweets
of domestic enjoyment. Why a captain in the continental
service should receive no more than five shillings currency
per day for performing the same duties that an officcr of the
same rank in the British service receives ten shillings
sterling for, I never could conceive; especially when the*
latter is provided with every necessary he requires upon
the best of terms, and the former can scarce procure them
at any rate. There is nothing that gives a man conse-
quence, and renders him fit for command, like a support
that renders him independent of every body but the State
lie serves.
" With respect to the men, nothing but a good bounty
can obtain them upon a permanent establishment; and for
no shorter time than the continuance of the war ought
they to be engaged, as tacts incontestably prove that the
difficulty and cost of enlistment increase with time.
<' When the army was first raised at Cambridge, I am per-
suaded the men ought to have been got without a bounty tor
the war. After this they began to see that the contest was
not likely to end so speedily as was imagined, and to feel
their consequence by remarking, that to get in their militia
in the course of the last year, many towns were induced
to give them a bounty.
" Foreseeing the evils resulting from this, and the de-
structive consequences which unavoidably would follow
short enlistments, t took the liberty, in a long letter, to
recommend the enlistments for and during the war, assign-
ing such reasons for it as experience has sincc convinced
me were well founded. At that time twenty dollars would.
I am persuaded, have engaged the men for this term. But
it will not do to look back; and if the present opportunity
is slipped, I am persuaded that twelve months more will
increase our difficulties fourfold. I shall, therefore, take
the freedom of giving it as my opinion, that a good bounty
should be immediately offered, aided by the proffer of at
least a hundred or a hundred and fifty acres of land, and a
suit of clothes and blanket to each non-commissioned
officer and soldier, as I have good authority for sayin« that
however high the men's pay may appear, it is barely sufii'
cient, m the present scarcity and dearness of all kinds of
goods, to keep them in clothes, much less to afford suonort
to their families. ™
" If this encouragement, then, is given to the men, and
such pay allowed the officers as will induce gentlemen of
character and libeml sentiments to engage, and proper care
and precaution are used m the nomination, more regard
being had to the characters of persons than to the number
of men they can enlist, we should in a little time have an
army able to cope with any that can be opposed to it, as
there are excellent materials to form one out of.
" But while the only merit an officer possesses is his
ability to raise men, while those men consider and treat
him as an equal, and in the character of an officer regard
liim no more than a broomstick, being mixed together as
0!'m c°mmon herd, no order nor discipline can prevail, nor
wi 1 the officer ever meet with that respect which is essen-
tially necessary to due subordination.
"To place any dependence upon militia is assuredly
15
resting upon a broken staff. Men just dragged from the
tender scenes of domestic life, unaccustomed to the din of
arms, totally unacquainted with every kind of military
skill (which is followed by a want of confidence in them-
selves when opposed to troops regularly trained, disciplined,
and appointed, superior m knowledge and superior in arm«)
are timid and ready to fly from their own shadows." * *
•* * "To brmg men to a proper degree of subordination
is not the woik of- a day, a month, or even a year." * *
* * " The jealousy of a standing army and the evils to
be apprehended are remote, and m my judgment, situated
and circumstanced as we are, not at all to be dreaded, but
the consequence of wanting one, according to my ideas
formed from the present view of things, is certain and in-
evitable ruin." **-* >-****
"An army formed of good officers, moves like clock-
work; but there is no situation upon earth less enviable or
more distressing, than that person's who is at the head of
troops regardless of order and discipline, and unprovided
with almost every necessarj'." * * * * " It
will be impossible, unless there is a thorough change in
our military system, for me to conduct matters in such a
manner as to give satisfaction to the public, which is all
the recompense I aim at or ever wi«h for."—4 Sparks, p.
The importunate appeals of Washington ob-
tained from Congress at this time, resolutions
for reforming the army in eighty-eight battalions,
to serve during the war, to be apportioned, how-
ever, among the States, and to be levied, offi-
cered, and paid with bounties and bounty lands.
The resolutions, however, proved ineffectual.
(4 Sparks, p. 116.)
Arrived at Hackensack with the remnant of
the army, he reported to Congress on the 19th
of November, 1776, the new disasters of the
campaign, crowned by the losses of Fort Wash-
ington and Fort Lee, by which the tipper Hud-
son and the entire North were exposed to immi-
nent danger, He adds:
"l! is a matter of great grief and surprise to me to find
the different States so slow and inattentive to that essen-
tial business of levying their quotas of men. In ten days
from this date, there will not be above two thousand men,
if that number, of the fixed established regiments on this
side of Hudson's river, to oppose Howe's whole army, and
very little more on the other to secuic the eastern colonies
and the important passes leading through the Highlands to
•Albany, and the country about the Lakes." * * *
" Last fall or winter, before the army which was then to
be raised was set about, I repiesented, in clear and explicit
terms, the evils which would arise from short enlistments,
the expense which must attend the raising an army every
year, the futility of such an army when raised ; and if I
had spoken with a prophetic spirit, I could not have fore-
told the evils with moie accuracy than I did." * * *
" Rut the measure was not commenced till it was too late
to be effected, and then m such a manner as to bid adieu
to every hope of getting an army fioni which any services
are to be cxpccted ; the different States, without regard to
the qualifications of an officer, quarreling about the appoint-
ments, and nominating such as were not fit to be shoe-
blacks, from the local attachments of this or that member
of Assembly.
" I am wearied, almost to death, with the retrograde
motion of things; and I solemnly protest, that a pecuniary
reward of twenty thousand pounds a year would not induce
me to undergo what I do, arid after all, perhaps, to lose my
character."—4 Sparks, p. 183.
On the 5th of December, 1776, at Trenton,
Washington reported his continued retreat, ren-
dered necessary by the failure of expected rein-
forcements, ana by the refusal of the New Jersey
and Maryland brigades to remain in the service
a day longer, their term having expired. He
continued:
"These, among ten thousand other instances, might be
adduced to show the disadvantages of short enlistments,
and the little dependence upon the militia m times of real
danger." *********
" My first wish is, that Congress may be convinced of
the impropriety of relying upon the militia, and of the
necessity of raising a larger standing army than what they
have voted." *-*******
" I mention these things to show that, in my opinion, if
any dependence is placed on the militia another year Con-
gress will be deceived. When danger is a little removed
from them they will not turn out at all. When it comes
home to them, the well affected, instead of flying to arms
to defend themselves, are busily employed "in removing
their families and effects, whilst the disaffected are con-
certing measures to make their submission, and spread
terror and°*dismay all around, to induce others to follow
their example."—4 Sparks, p. 203.
Ten days later, - December 15, 1776, having
crossed the Delaware and there found a place of
present safety, Washington resumed his appeal
to Congress:
" The spirit of disaffection which appears in this country
I think deserves your serious attention. Instead of giving
any assistance in repelling the enemy, the militia have not
only refused to obey our general summons and that of their
n?7h^ g officers, but I am told exult at the approach
XLHl? ene.my .on onr late misfortunes. I beg leave,
* su.brait t0 your consideration whether such
4 p 223 trUSted Wlth arms m Uieir hands."—
On the 16th of December, 1776, at the same
place, Washington wrote to Congress:
A large part of Jersey has been exposed to ravage and
pr ' n0r ?? J "f V!at Pennsylvania would  liaie
a better fate couldI General Howe effect a passage across
the Delaware with a respectable force. These coiiMdei-i
tions have induced me to wish that no reliance except such
as may arise from necessity should ever he had on the
militia again; and to make further mention to Consiess
of the expediency of increasing" their army. I trust this
measure will meet their earnest attention."—4 Svarks
p. 225. r '
On the 18th December, 1776, Washington
expressed at once his despondence and his reso-
lution in a touching private letter to John Augus-
tine Washington:
" Between you and me, I think our affairs are in v.-cry
bad condition; not so much from the apprehension ot*en -
eral Howe's army, as from the defection of New York, the
Jerseys, and Pennsylvania. In short, the conduct of tho
Jerseys has been most infamous. Instead of turning out
to defend our country and affording aid to our armv, they
are making their submissions as fast as they can. 'if the
Jerseys had given us any support, we might have made a
stand at Hackensack, and after that at Brunswick. But the
few mihtia that were in arms disbanded themselves, and
left the poor remains of our army to make the best wc could
of it." ***** " In a wold, my dear sir,
it every nerve is not strained to recruit the new auny with
all possible expedition, I think the game is pretty neaily
up, owing m a great measure to the insidious arts of the
enemy, and disaffection of the Colonies befoie mentioned,
but principally to the ruinous policy of short enlistments
and placing too great dependence on the militia, the evil
consequences of which were foretold fifteen months ago."
* * * * " You can form no idea of the per-
plexity of my situation ; no man I believe ever had a greater
choice of difficulties, and less means to extricate himself
from them. However, under a full persuasion of the justice
of our cause, r cannot entertain an idea that it will finally
sink, though it may remain for some time under a cloud."
—4 Sparks, p. 229.
Two days later, (December SO, 1776,) at the
same place, Washington applied to Congress for
enlarged and discretionary powers, srml urged
that the new army should be augmented from
eighty-eight to a hundred and ten battalions.
The appeal is marked with feeling not less than
with force:
" I rather think the design of General Howe is ro possess
himself of Philadelphia this winter if possible, and in truth
1 do not see what is to prevent him, as ten days more will
put an end to the existence of our army.1' * * *
"It may be said that this is an application for powers that
ate too dangerous to be entrusted. I can only add that
desperate diseases require desperate remedies, and I with
truth declare that I have no lust after power." * * *
"It is needless to add that short enlistments and a mis-
taken dependence upon mihtia, have been the origin of all
our misfortunes and the great accumulation of our debt.
We find that the enemy are daily gathering strength from
the disaffected. This strength, like a snowball, by rolling,
will increase, unless some means can be devised to check
effectually the progress of the enemy's arms." * * *
" Could anything but the river Delaware have saved Phil-
adelphia ? Can anything be more destructive to the recruit-
ing service, than giving ten dollars bounty for six weeks'
scrvice of the militia, who come in, you cannot tell how, go,
you cannot tell when, and ac' you cannot tell where—con-
sume your provisions, exhau&t your stores, and leave you
at last at a critical moment?" * * * *
" If any good officers will offer to raise men upon con-
tinental pay and establishment in this quarter, I shall
encourage them to do so, and regiment them when they
have done it. If Congress disapprove of this proceeding,
they will please to signify it, as I mean it for the best, ft
may be thought that 1 am going a good deal out of the line
of my duty to adopt these measures, or to advise thus freely.
A character to lose—an estate to forfeit, the inestimable
blessings of liberty at slake, and a life devoted, must be my
excusc.—4 Sparks, p. 235.
On the 9th of January, 1777, Washington had,
by marvelous dexterity and enterprise, recrossed
the Delaware, surprised the British forces at
Trenton and Princeton, and then had established
himself at Morristown. Congress had so far
yielded to his importunities as to direct an addi-
tion of sixteen battalions to the new army, and
to authorize Washington himself to commission
their officers. In a letter to Colopel Baylor, who
was forming one of those pediments, he shows
the importance of good officers!
«I earnestly recommend to you to be circumspect m
your choice of offioers—take none but gentlemen ; let no
local attachments influence you j do not suffer your good
