1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
cipations, and i=? to be lamented only for the delay, f he
evils, m consequence of this, will soon, as I have often
foretold, be manifested in the moving state of the army."—
5 Sparks, p. 370.
We shall see, in this case, what is so com-
monly seen in political affairs, that compromises
are very unsatisfactory and unreliable settlements
of vexed questions.
I shall not stop in my review until I find
"Washington, the army, and the country, under
circumstances very decidedly changed. It is
now the autumn of 1780. A French alliance has
been completed, and a French^ cooperating fleet
is maneuvering- on the coast. The British army
has given up Philadelphia, and retreated to New
York. A shameful retreat of the American army
before them has been converted by Washington s
personal bravery into a brilliant field triumph
" over them at Monmouth.
The massacres at Wyoming, Cherry Valley,
and Minisink, have been committed, and signally
punished. Savannah has fallen, and Virginia and
South Carolina have become battle-grounds. The
British have carried Stoney Point and Verplank's
Point. West Point has only just been saved by
the detection of Arnold in the very act of treach-
erously surrendering it; and Washington has
halted at Tappan to close the most interesting
act in the whole drama of the Revolution, by the
trial and execution of Andre.
On the 4th of October, 1780, Washington wrote
to John Matthews, in Congress:
" As Congress has already allowed the alternative of
raising men for twelve months, opinions on the propriety
of the measure can be of no avail; but since you have done
me the honor to ask mine, I have no scruple in declaring
that I most firmly believe the independence of the United
States never will be established till there is an army on foot
for the war."—7 Sparks, p. 203.
The subject of half pay was still occupying the
attention of Congress, notwithstanding the com-
promise which hod been made.
On the 24th of August, 1780, Congress re-
solved:
" That the resolution of May 15,1778, granting half pay
for seven years to the officers of the army who should con-
tinue m service to the end of the war, be extended to the
widows of those officers who have died, or shall hereafter
die, in the service; to commence from the time of such
officer's death, and continue for the term of seven years ;
or, if there be no widow, in the case of her death or inter-
marriage, the said half pay bo given to the orphan children
of the officer dying as aforesaid, if he shall have left any;
and that it shall be recommended to the Legislatures of the
respective States, to which such officers belong, to make
provision for paying the same, on account of the United
States.
" That the restricting clause in the resolution of May 15,
1778, granting half pay to the officers for seven years, ex-
pressed in these words, namely: (and not hold any officc
•of profit under these States, or any of thembe, and is
hereby, repealed."—Journalof Congress, August24,1780.
Thus, the proposed half pay for seven years
was now promised to be extended to widows of
officers who had died,.or might afterwards die, in
the service; and the condition of exclusion of
beneficiaries from civil service was relinquished.
Washington was now consulted by Congress
concerning the expediency of consolidating the
•decayed regiments of the army. On the 11th. of
October, 1780, he gave his reply:
" That there are the most conclusive reasons forreducing
the number of regiments, no person acquainted with the
situation of our affairs and the state of the army will deny.
A want of officers, independently of other considerations,
is sufficient to compel us ; but that the temper of the army,
produced by its suffering, requires great caution in any re-
forms that are attempted, is a position not less evident than
the former. In the services the best established, where the
tiands of Government are strengthened by the strongest in-
terest of the army for submission, the reducing of its regi-
ments, and dismissing a great part of its officers, is always
a measure of delicacy and difficulty. In ours, where the
officers are held by the teeblest ties, and moidenng away by
daily resignations, it is peculiarly so." * * * *
" In the maturity to which their uneasiness has now risen,
from a continuance in misery, they will be'stdl more impa-
tient under an attempt of a similar nature. How far these
dispositions maybe reasonable, I pretend not to decide, bfft
in the extremity to which we are arrived, policy forbids us
to add new irritations. Too many of the officers wish to
get nd of their commissions, but they are unwilling to be
torced into^t.
" It is not the intention of these remarks to discourage a
reform, but to show the necessity of guarding against the
ill efFocts by an ample provision both for the officers who
stay and for those who are reduced. This should be the
basis of the plan." *******
" I am convinced Congress are not a little straitened in
the means of a present provision, so ample as to give satis-
faction, but this proves the expediency of a future one, and
brings me to thai which 1 have so frequently recommended
as the most economical—the most politic, and the most
effectual that can be devised—a half pay for life." * *
4i If the objection drawn irons the principle of this measure
being Incompatible with the genius of our Government is
thought insurmountable, I would propose a substitute less
eligible, in my opinion, but which may answer the purpose.
It is to make the present half pay for seven years whole
pay for the same period, to be advanced in two different
payments, one half in a year after the conclusion of peace,
the other half in two years subsequently to the fin-t. It
will be well to have it clearly understood that the reduced
officers are to have the depreciation of their pay made
good, lest any doubts should arise on that head." ~ *
" fn reasoning upon the measure of a future provision, T
have heaid gentlemen object the want of it m some foreign
armies, without adverting to the difference of circum-
stances.
" The military profession holds the first rank in most of
the countries of Europe, and is the road to honor and
emolument. The establishment is permanent, and what-
ever be an officer's provision, it is for life ; he has future as
well as present motives of military honor and preferment.
He is attached to the service, by the spirit of the Govern-
ment, by education, and in most cases by early habit. His
present condition, if not splendid, is comfortable; pen-
sions, distincuons, and particular privileges, are commonly
Ins rewards in retirement. In th6 case of the American
officers, the military character has been suddenly taken
up, and is to end with the war."—7 Sparks, p. 247.
On the 21st of October, 1780, Congress adopted
the suggestions of Washington by the passage
of the resolutions, which constituted the second
revolutionary stage of this important question.
I extract from the resolutions:
" Resolved, That the whole of the troops be enlisted dur-
ing the war, and join their respective corps by the first day
of January next.
"That the commander-in-chief and commanding officer
in the southern department direct the officers of each State
to meet and agree upon the officers for the regiments to be
raised by their respective State, from those who incline to
continue m service, and where it cannot be done hy agree-
ment, to be determined by seniority, and make return of
those who arc to leniain, which to be transmitted to Con-
gress, together with the name-* of the officers reduced, who
are to be allowed half pay for life.
4< That the officers who shall continue in service to the
end of the war ohal) bo entitled to half paj dunng life, to
commence with the time of their reduction."—Journal
of Congress, vol. 3. p. 538.
On the 2*2d of October, 1780, Baron Steuben,
then at Philadelphia, announced to Washington
the acceptancc of bis cherished policy, and said:
" It is with the greatest satisfaction I acquaint you that
the plan of arrangement for the army, which your Excel-
lency sent to Congress, has been agreed to without any
alteration.
" The grantmghalf pay for life to the rcduced officers, has
met with some objection ; yet the proposition has not only
passed, but it was resolved, immediately after, to extend
these advantages to all the officers in the service."—7
Sparks, p. 255.
Washington expressed his sentiments on the
occasion in a letter written at Passaic Falls to
General Sullivan, then in Congress, on the 20th
of November, 1780:
" The determination of Congress to raise an array for the
war, and the honorable establishment on which the officers
are placed, will, I am persuaded, be productive of much
good. Had the first measure been adopted, four, or even
three, years ago, I have not the smallest doubt in ray mind
but that we should at this day have been sitting under our
own vines and fig tiees, m the full enjoyment of peace and
independence, and I have as little doubt that the value
which officers will now set upon their commissions will ;
prove the surest basis of public economy.
It was idle to expect that men, who were suffering
every species of present disti ess, with the prospect of inev-
itable ruin before them, could bear to have the cord of
discipline strained to its proper tone; and where that is not
the case it is no difficultmatter to form an idea of the want
of order, or to convince military men of its consequent
evils."—7 Sparks, p. 297.
The resolutions of Congress, sagacious in
themselves, were rendered ineffectual by the
absence on their part, not only of a national
fund, but of their power to enforce the necessary
compliance of the States with their requisitions.
Washington now contemplated a campaign for
the deliverance of the southern States, and he
addressed General Sullivan thus:
" Where are the means ? Moans mast be found or the
soldiers will go naked. But I will take the liberty in this
place to give it as my opinion that a foreign loan is indis-
pensably necessary to the continuance of the war.
" Congress will deceive themselves if they imagine that
the army, or a State that is the theater of war, can rub
through a second campaign as the last.
u It would be as unreasonable as to suppose that because
a man had rolled a snowball till it had acquired the size of
a hor^e, he might do it till it was as large as a house.
" Matters may be pushed to a certain point, beyond which
we cannot move them. Ten months' pay is now due to
the army. Every department of it is so much indebted that
we have not credit for a single express, and some of the
States are harassed and oppressed to a degree beyond
bearmg. To depend, under these circumstances, upon the
resonices of the country, unassisted by foreign loan-;, will,
I am certain, be to lean upon a broken reed."—7 Sparks,
p. 300.
On the 5th of January, 1781, Washington
(now at Newburgh) appeals to the Governors of
the States, under circumstances of new and start-
ling peril:
" The event I have long apprehended would be the con-
sequence of the complicated distresses of the army, has
at length taken place. On the night of the first instant, a
mutiny was excited by the non-commissioned officers and
privates of the Pennsylvania line, which soon became so
universal as to defy all opposition. In attempting to quell
tins tumult, in the first instance, some officers were killed,
others wounded, and the lives of several common soldiers
lost. Deaf to me arguments, entreaties, and utmost efforts
of their officers to slop ihem, they moved on from Morris-
town, the place of thtnr cantonment, with their amis and
six pieces of art'llery; and from accounts just received
from General Wayne's aid-de-camp, tSicy were still in a
body on thoir march to Philadelphia, to demand a redress
of their grievances. At what point this defection will stop,
God only knows." * * * * " Once for all, I give it
decidedly a  my opinion, that it is in vain to think au army
can be kept together much longer under such a variety of
sufferings as ours has experienced; and that unless somo
immediate and spmted measures are adopted to furuish at
least three months' pay to th<* troops in money, which will
be of somo value to thera, and at the same time ways and
means are devised to clothe and feed them better* (more
regulaily I mean) than they have been, the worst that can
befall us may be expected "—7 Sparks, p. 35Q.
On the 8th of January, 1781, Washington hears
from General Wayne, that the British army and
emissaries are attempting to seduce the mutineers
into the enemy's service:
"About four o'clock yesterday morning we were waked
by two sergeants, who produced a letter from the enemy
inclosed in a small piece of tea lead. They also brought
under guard two caitiffs who undertook to deliver it to the
leaders of the malcontents. One of these culprits sayshe
is a seigeant in Odell's newly-raised corps, and was prom-
wed a considerable jeward on bringing back an answer.
''The soldiers m general affect to spurn at the idea of
turning Arnolds, as they express it. We have used every
address to inflame their minds asam.-t wietchcs who would
dare to im-ult them by imagining them traitoi&; for had
they thought them virtuous, they would not have carried
those overtures,"—7 Sparks, p. 359.
We learn next that the Pennsylvania revolt
has peached the New Jersey line, by a circular
letter addressed to the Governors of the States,
January 22, 1781:
<{T have received the disagreeable intelligence, that a
part of the Jersey line had followed the example of that of
Pennsylvania, and when the advices came away it was
expected that the revolt would be general. The precis©
intention of the mutineers w<i«« not known, but their com-
plaints and demands were similar to those of the Pennsyl-
vamaris. ********
" I cannot but renew my solicitations with your State,
to exert every expedient to contribute to our immediate
relief."—7 Sparks, p. 381.
At last the disaffection reaches New York.
Washington writes to Congress, April 8, 1781:
"I think it is my duty to inform Congress that there Is
great dissatisfaction at this time m the New York line for
want of pay. Near sixteen months' pay, I am told, is due.
If it were practicable to give this and the Jersey troops, if
they are in the same predicament, a small portion of their
pay, it might stop desertion, which is frequent, and avert
greater evils, which are otherwise to be apprehended.
" The four eastern States have given a temporary relief
to their troop*, which makes the case of others—those of
New York particularly—appear more distressing and grier
ous to them."—8 Sparks, p. 3.
A year rolls away. The discontents of the
army continue; but they do not prevent a final
and conclusive triumph of the cause.
The surrender of Cornwallis, with his army,
in October, 1781, at Yorktown, left the enemy
still in possession of large portions of the country;
and the necessary means for defense, and, con-
ditionally, for renewal of hostilities, were now
hindered and embarrassed by general expecta-
tions of peace. The final trial of the virtue of the
American army was at hand.
Nicola, a colonel, at Newburgh,May22,1782,
after consulting his fellow officers, approaches
Washington with that crowning temptation which
neither Caesar nor Cromwell could refuse:
Some people have so connected the ideas of tyranny
and monarehv as to find it very difficult to separate them.
It may, therefore, be requisite to give the head of such a
constitution as I propose, a title appaientiy more moderate;
but if all other things were once adjusted, I believe strong
arguments might be produced for admitting the title of
King, which, I conceive, would be attended with material
advantages.7'—8 Sparks, p. 302.
Washington replied in language in which he
mingled dignity, severity, and sympathy, May
22, 1782:
« No occurrence in the course of the war has given me
more painful sensations than your information ot tnere
hems such ideas existing in the army as you have expressed,
and I must \ lew with abhorrence, and reprehend with se-
ventv." *****
" At the same time, in justice to my own feelings^ I must
add that no man possesses a more M!KcrJ 10 5ee a">
pie justice done to the army than I do , and as far as my
power and influence in a constifaniotial w.iy extends ttoey
shall be employed to the utmost of my abintj to effect it
should there be any occasion."—8 Spvri.?, p dtiU.
