228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
Oil the 9th of July, 1782, Washington learns
that a mutiny in the forces under General Greene
in the South has been arrested:
" Ir gives me infinite satisfaction to find that by your pru-
dence and decision you have putaperiod to the progress ot
a dangerous mutiny, and by your example of patience and
firmness, reclaimed the army amidst all their aggravated
sufferings to that good disposition through the worst of times.
Their distresses are truly deplorable."—8 Sparks, p. 317.
The attention of Congress, as well as that of
Washington, was brought at last to the neces-
sary reduction of the army, as a peace establish-
ment—a measure attended with infinite perplexity
and danger under the circumstances then exist-
ing.
On the 2d of October, 1782, Washington wrote
the Secretary of War:
« Without disguise or palliation, I will inform you can-
didly of the discontents which, at this moment, prevail uni-
versally throughout the army. The evils of which they
complain, and which they suppose almost remediless,are the
total want of money or the means of existing from one day
to another, the heavy debts they have already incurred,
the loss of credit, the distress of their familiesat home, and
the prospect of poverty and misery before them." * *
" It is vain, sir, to suppose that military men will acqui-
esce contentedly, with bare rations, when those in the
civil walk of life, unacquainted with half the hardships
they endure, are regularly paid the emoluments of office.
Wmie the human mind is influenced^- the same passions
and inclinations this cannot be." * * * * *
" ^he officers also complain of other hardships, which they
think might and ought to be remedied without delay." *
* * * * " And particularly the leaving of the
compensation for their services in a loose equivocal state,
without ascertaining their claims upon the public, or making
provision for the future payment of them.
4t While I premise that no one I have seen or heard of
appears opposed to the principle of reducing the army, as
circumstances may require, yet I cannot help fearing the
result of the measure in contemplation under present cir-
cumstances, when 1 see such u number of men goaded by
a thousand stings of reflection on the past, and anticipation
on the future, about to be turned into the world, soured by
penury, and what they call the ingratitude of the public,
involved  n debts without one farthing of money to carry
them home, after having spent the flower of their days, and
many of them their patrimonies, m establishing the freedom
und independence of their country, and suffered everything
that human nature is capable of enduring, on this side of
death." ** ******
" On tiie other hand, could the officers be placed in as
good a situation as when they came into service, the con-
tention, I am persuaded, would be, not who should con-
tinue m the Held, but who should retire to private life."
" I could give anecdotes of patriotism and distress which
have scmcely ever been paralleled—never surpassed—in
the history of mankind; but you may rely upon it, the
patience and long-suffering of this army are almost ex-
hausted, and that there never was so great a spirit of dis-
content as at tiiis instant. While in the field, I think it
may be kept tiom breaking out into acts of outrage; but
when vvu rotire into winter quarters, unless the storm is
previously dissipated, I cannot be at ease respecting the
consequences. It is high time for a peace."—8 Sparks,
p. 1353.
The reply of General Lincoln, the Secretary
of War, points to the unfinished settlement of
the half pay of the officers, as a chief element in
the present danger. He wrote, October 14,1782:
" From the knowledge I have of the temper of Congress,
I have httlo expectation that the matter of half pay, to
which, I suppose, you allude, will he in a better situation
than u now is, until it shall be recommended by Congress
to the several States to provide for their own officers."
* * * * * *****
"You know, sir, that no moneys can be appropriated
hut by the voice of nine States. There was not that num-
ber in favor of half pay when the vote to grant it passed in
Congress, which was a vote before the Confederation was
signed and practiced upon, but is not now. I see little
piobability that a sum equal to the half pay will be appro-
priated to that purpose, and apportioned on the several
fetates." * * * * " In the first place, there
is too great a part of the Union opposed to the half pay to
think of carrying it through. The States in the opposition
cannot be coerced. They say that they are wUling to make
a handsome compensation by compromise, and they wiil
give asum which will be just and honorable. From this it
will be difficult, if not impossible, to persuade them to de-
part." *********
" It will be much the best for the army to be referred to
their seveial States, and their expectations will end in
chagrin and disappointment if they look for half pay from
Con cress.
"They cannot appropriate any part of the sum to this
use winch shall bo annually apportioned on the several
States, for the reasons I mentioned before —there are not
nine States in favor of it. Should it be said that it may be
paid out of the revenue of some general tax, it will not re-
move the objection.
" The money arising from these general taxes must also
be appropnated, if t<uch taxes were passed. No one of
those proposed has yet passed, and I see little probability
that any of them will soon, if ever."—8 Sparks, p. 356.
The agitation now assumes a menacing form.
On the 14th of December, 1782, Washington
writes to Joseph Jones in Congress:
"Iplheeourse of a few days, Congress will, I expect,
receive an address from the army on the subject of their
grievances. The address, though couched m very respect-
ful terms, is one of those things which, though unpleasing,
is just now unavoidable; for I was very apprehensive once
that matters would take a more unfavorable turn from the
variety of discontents which prevail." * * /* *
" The dissatisfactions of the army had arisen to a great
and alarming height, and combinations among the officers
to resign at given periods in a body were beginning to take
place, when, by some address and management, their res-
olutions have been converted into the form in which they
will now appear before Congress." *****
" No part of the community has undergone equal hardships,
and borne them with the same patience and fortitude, as
the army has done.
" Hitherto, the officers have stood between the lower
order of the soldiery and the public, and, in more instances
than one, at the hazard of their lives, have quelled very
dangerous mutinies; but, if their discontents should be suf-
fered to rise equally high, l knownot what the consequences
may be.
"The spirit of enthusiasm which overcame everything
at first is now done away. It is idle, therefore, to expect
more from military men than from those discharging the
civil departments of Government. If both were to fare
alike with respect to the emoluments of office, I would
answer for it, that the military should not be the first to
complain. But it is an invidious distinction, and one that
will not stand the test of reason or policy, that one set
should receive all, and the other no part (or that which is
next to it) of their pay."—8 Sparks, p. 369.
The crisis came at last, and disclosed itself in
a ripening (conspiracy at Newburgh. On the
12th of March, 1783, Washington thus touch-
ingly alludes to that fearful transaction in a let-
ter to a friend in Congress:
" It is generally believed that the scheme was not only
planned, but also digested and matured in Philadelphia."
* * * "As soon as the minds of the army were
thought to be prepared for the transaction, anonymous invi-
tations were circulated requesting a general meeting of the
officers the next day. At the same instant, many copies
of the address to the officers of the army were scattered in
every State line of it. So soon as I obtained a knowledge
of these things, I issued the order of the ltth, transmitted
to Congress, in order to roscue the foot that stood wavering
on the precipice of despair, from taking those steps which
would have led to the abyss of misery." * * *
" 1 did this upon the principle that it is easier to divert from
a wrong to a right path, than to recall hasty and fatal steps
that have been already taken."—8 Sparks, p. 394.
On the J 6th of March, 1783, Washington made
a full report of the same transaction to Congress,
and also made it the occasion for an appeal that
was as noble in spirit as it was affecting and irre-
sistible:*
"The result of the proceedings of the grand convention
of officers which I have the honor of inclosing to your Ex-
cellency for the inspection of Congress, will, I flatter myself,
be considered as the last glorious proof of patriotism which
could have been given by men who aspired to the distinc-
tion of a patriot army, and will not only confirm their
claim to the justice, but will increase their title to the grat-
itude of their country." ******
" Being impressed with the lively sentiments of affection
for those who have so long, so patiently, and so cheerfully
suffered and fought under my immediate direction, having,
from motives of justice, duty, and gratitude, spontaneously
offered myself as an advocate for their rights" * *
" It now only remains for me to perform the task I have
assumed, and to intercede in their behalf as I now do, that
the sovereign power will be pleased to verify the predictions
I have pronounced, and the confidence the army have re-
posed in the justice of their countiy.
" I humbly eonceive it is altogether unnecessary, while I
am pleading the cause of an army which has done and suf-
fered more than any other army ever did in the defense of
the rights and liberties of human nature, to expatiate on
their claims to the most ample compensation for their mer-
itorious services, because they are peifectly known to the
whole world, and because, although the topics are inex-
haustible, enough has already been said on the subject."
* * * * * * * * * - *
" That in the critical and perilous moment my commu-
nication (of October 11, 1780) was made, there was the
utmost danger that a dissolution of the army would take
place unless measures similar to those then recommen-
ded had been adopted, will not admit a doubt. That the
adoption of the resolution, granting half pay for life, has
been attended with all the happy consequences I had fore-
told, so far as respected the good of the service, let the
astonishing contrast between the state of the army at this
instant and at the former period determine ; and that the
establishment of funds and securities for the payment of all
the just demands of the army, will be the most certai n means
of preserving the national faith and the future tranquillity of
this extensive continent, is my decided opinion.
" Instead of retracting and repiehendmg, from further ex-
perience and reflection, the mode of compensation so strenu-
ously urged heretofore, I am more and more confirmed in the
sentiment, and if in the wrong, suffer me to please myself
with the grateful delusion; for if, besides the simple payment
of their wages, a further compensation is not due to the
sufferings and sacrifices of the officers, then I have been
mistaken indeed. If the whole army have not merited
whatever a grateful people can bestow, then have I been
beguiled by prejudice, and budt opinion on the basis of
error. If this country should not, in the event, perform
everything which has been requested in the late memorial
to Congress, then will my belief become vain, and the hope
that has been excited void of foundation.
" And if, as has been suggested for the purpose of inflam-
ingtheir passions, the officers of the army are to be the only
sufferers by this resolution; if, retiring from the field, they
II are to grow old m poverty, wretchedness, and contempt}
if they are to wade through the vile mire of dependency,
and owe the miserable remnant of that life to charity which
has hitherto been spent in honor, then shall I have learned
what ingratitude is; then shall I have realized a tale which
will embitter every moment of my future life. But I am
under no such apprehensions. A country rescued by their
arms from impending ruin will never leave unpaid the debt
of gratitude."—8 Sparks} p, 396.
Three days afterwards, Washington expressed
his sentiments on the same subject with fervor
and eloquence in a letter written to Governor
Harrison:
" You have not been altogether unacquainted, I dare
say, with the fears, the hopes, the apprehensions, and the
expectations of the army, relative to provision which is to
be made for them hereafter. Although a firm reliance on
the integrity of Congress, and the belief that the public
would finally do justice to all its servants, and give an
indisputable security for the payment of the half pay of the
officers, had kept them amidst a variety of sufferings tolera-
bly quiet and contented, yet the total want of pay, the little
prospect of receiving any from the unpromising state of the *
public finances, and the absolute aversion of the States to
establish any continental funds for the payment of the debt
due the army, did, at the close of the last campaign, excite
greater discontents, and threatened more serious and alarm-
ing consequences, than it is easy for me to describe or you
to conceive."
Then referring to the Newburgh meeting, he
adds:
" An anonymous writer, though he did not step forth and
give his name boldly to the world, sent into circulation an
address to the officers of the army, which in point of com-
position, of eloquence and force, has rarely been equaled
in the English language, and in which the dreadful alter-
native was proposed of relinquishing the service in a body,
or retaining their arms in time of peace until Congress
should comply with all their demands." * * *
" Notwithstanding the storm has now passed over—not-
withstanding the officers have, in despite of their accumu-
lated sufferings, given the most unequivocal and exalted
proofs of patriotism, yet I believe, unless justice shall be
done, and funds effectually provided for the payment of the
debt, the most deplorable and ruinous consequences may
be apprehended. Justice, honor, gratitude, policy, every-
thing is opposed to the conduct of driving men to despair
of obtaining their just rights after serving seven years of
painful -life in the field. I say in the field, because they
have not during that perkid had anything to shelter them
fVom the inclemency of the seasons but tents, and such
houses as they could build for themselves."—8 Sparks, p.
403.
On such considerations of the great question as
these, Congress on the 17th of March met it with
those resolutions of compromise and commuta-
tion which formed its third and last revolution-
ary stage:
"Whereas the officers of the several lines, under the
immediate command of his Excellency General Washing
ton, did by their late memorial transmitted by their com
mittee, represent to Congress that the half pay granted by
sundry resolutions was regarded m an unfavorable light by
the citizcns of some of these States, who would prefer a
compensation, for a limited term of year«, of by a sum in
gross to an establishment for life, and did on that account
solicit a commutation ot their half pay, for an equivalent m
one of the two modes above mentioned, in order to remove
all subjects of dissatisfaction from the minds of their fellow-
citizens : and whereas Congress are desirous, as well ofgrat-
ifying the reasonable expectations of the officers of the
army as removing all objections which may exist in any part
of the United States to the principle of the half pay estab-
lishment, for which the faith of the United States has been
pledged, per&uaded that those objections can only arise from
the nature of the compensation, not from any indisposition
to compensate those whose services, sacrifices, and suffer-
ings have so just a title to the approbation and rewards
of their country.
" 2. Therefore, resolved, That such officers as are now in
service, and shall continue therein to the end of the war,
shall be entitled to receive the amount of five years' full pay
in money or securities, on interest at six per cent per an-
num, as Congress shall find most convenient, instead of the
half pay for life by the resolution of the 21st day of October,
1780; and said securities to be such as shall be given to
the other creditors of the United States* Provided, It be
at the option of the lines of the respective States, and not
of officers individually in those lines, to accept or refuse
the same.
" 3. The same commutation shall extend to the corps not
belonging to the lines of particular States."—Journal of
Congress, March 22; 1783.
The announcement of the cessation of hostili-
ties between the United States and 'GreatBritain
was made on the 18th of Aprii,1783. No provision
for paying the debts due to the army was uttered.
The jealousies of the States rendered the Con-
federation stiil more powerless than ever.
On the 8th of June, 1783, Washington an-
nounced the proposed disbanding of the army to
the Governors of the several States, and thus de-
fended and insisted on the provision which had
been promised to the officers of the army:
" The resolutions of Congress now alluded to (resolutions
concerning half-pay and commutation) are undoubtedly as
absolutely binding upon the United States as the most
solemn acts of confederation or legislation.
<k As to the idea, which I am informed has in some in-
stances prevailed, that the half pay and commutation are
to be regarded merely in the odious light of a pension, it
