1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ou«'ht to be exploded forever. That provision should be
viewed as u really was, a reasonable compensation offered
by Congress at a time when they had nothing else to give
the officers of the army for service then to be performed,
it was the only means to prevent a total dereliction of
the service. It was a part of their hire. I may be allowed
to say it was the price of their blood, and your independ-
ency. It is therefore more than a common debt—it is a
debt of honor. It can never be considered as a pension
or gratuity, nor be canceled until it is fairly discharged.
With regard to distinction between officers and soldiers, it
is sufficient that the uniform experience of every nation of
the world proves the utility and propriety of the discrimina-
tion.
" Rewards in proportion to the aid which the public
derives from them, are unquestionably due to all its ser-
vants. In some lines the soldiers have, perhaps, generally
had as ample compensation for their services, by the large
bounties which have been paid to them, as their officers
will receive in the proposed commutation. In others, if
besides the donations of lands, the payment of arrearages
of clothing and of wages, we take into estimate the boun-
ties many of the soldiers have received, and the gratuity of
one years' full pay, which is promised to all, possibly their
situation, every circumstance being duly considered, will
not be deemed less eligible than that of the officers. Should
a further leward, however, be judged equitable, I will ven-
ture to assert, no one will enjoy greater satisfaction than
myself." * * ******
" But neither the adoption nor rejection of this proposi-
tion will in any manner atfect, much less militate against the
actof Congiess, by which they have been offered five years'
full pay, in lieu of the half pay for life, which had bcfoie
been promised to the officers of the army."—8 Sparks, p.
448.
The Commander-in-Chief dwelt once more upon
the same solemn pledges and obligations with
emphasis inspired by the occasion, in his Fare-
well Address to the Army, issued at Princeton,
November 2, 1783:
" It is not the meaning, nor within the compass, of this
address to detail the haidships peculiarly incident to our
service, or to describe the distresses which, in several
instances, have resulted from the extremes of hunger and
nakedness, combmcd with the rigors of an inclement
season, nor is it ncccssaiy to dwell on the daik tide ot our
past aftaiis.
" Every American officer and soldier must now console
himself foi any miplcasant ciscumstances which may have
occtnred by a iecollection of the uncommon scenes in
which he has been called to act no inglorious a pait, and
the astonishing events of which he has been a witness—
events which have seldom if ever before taken place on
the stage of human action, nor can they probably ever
happen again." * * * * * * * *
" Nor is it possible to conceive that any one of the United
States will prefer a national bankruptcy, and a dissolution
of the Union, to a compliance with the requirements of
Congress, and the payment of its just dctts, so that the
officers and soldiers may expect considerable assistance in
recommencing their civil occupations, from the sums due
to them from the public, which must, and will, most inevit-
ably, be paid." ********
''Let it be remembered that the unbiased voice of the
free citizens of the United States has promised the just
reward, and given the merited applause."—9 Sparks, p.
491.
Washington, who had served his country
throughout eight years of unparalleled labor,
care, and anxiety, and with such complete suc-
cess, refusing all forms of compensation, sur-
rendered his commission to Congress on the 23d
day of December, 1783, and returned to Mount
"Vernon.
A letter from Governor Trumbull, of Connec-
ticut, met him there, which was concluded in
these ominous words:
" So exceedingly jealous is the spirit of this State at pres-
ent respecting the poweis and the engagements of Con-
gress, arising principally from their aveision to the half pay
and commutation granted to the army—principally, 1 say,
ansing front tins cause. It is but too uue thalamic few
aie wicked1 enough to hope that, by this means of elamoi,
they may be able to rid themselves of the whole public debt,
by introducing so much confusion into public measuics
as shall eventually produce a general abolition of the
whole."—9 Sparks, pp. 5 and 6.
To this desponding message, George Washing-
ton, now no longer commander, general, or even
soldier, but private citizen, replied:
" Mount Vernon, January 5, 17&1,
" Everything, my dear Trumbull, will come mht at last.
My only feai is, that we shall lose a little reputation first."
It is not known to what extent the officers,
acting in State lines, according to the require-
ment" of the resolution of March 22,1783, ac-
cepted the terms of commutation. ButinNovem-
berof that year, a certificate from the Continental
treasury, stating that five years'full pay, with
interest from November 4, 1783, was payable to
the officers described in that resolution, was sent
to each of them. Neither the Continental Con-
gress nor the States (with few exceptions) ever
provided for paying the certificates, and so they
remained unpaid and entirely neglected until the
reorganization of the Federal Government under
the new Constitution, Th^y sank immediately
after the issue, and reached a depreciation of eight
dollars to one par value, and were generally dis-
Eosed of at that sacrifice. On the 1st of Decem-
er, 1791, they were funded in a stock bearing
three per cent, interest.
The bill now under consideration assumes that
the commutation failed, and that the officers were
thereby remitted to the half pay for life; and pro-
vides for paying it to them, their widows and
children, under certain limitations, after deduct-
ing therefrom the par or nominal value of the
certificates of commutation.
George Washington, by temper, knowledge,
and impartiality," was qualified to be witness,
advocate, and umpire between the officers of the
army of the Revolution and the American Gov-
ernment and people. In all human history he is
the only man who could acceptably fill and dis-
charge the duties of* these conflicting characters.
1 have therefore abstained from drawing into the
case any facts, or arguments, or authorities, other
than those derived from his own immortal words.
Standing on them, I claim that the half pay for
life pledged to the officers was a debt, a just debt,
a constitutional one, with all the attributes of a
common debt; and that it was more than a com-
mon debt—a debt of honor and of gratitude, the
equivalents of which were the blood of the offi-
cers and the independence of the country; that it
was a perpetual debt, therefore, which could never
be canceled until it was fully and fairly paid.
It was not fully and fairly paid by the promise
of commutation; which promise was never exe-
cuted, nor attempted to be executed, until after
nine years'procrastination, inno degree resulting
from any fault of the officers, but solely from the
misfortunes and embarrassments of the country,
which was the debtor; and that when the attempt
to execute it was then made, the payment made
reached only those brokers who had speculated
in the ruin of the officers, and not the officers
themselves, who were the creditors.
1 reject the idea of a contract or bargain be-
tween the creditors and the country in the trans-
action of commutation, for there was no equality
of position or advantage between the parties.
Their relations were reversed. The army had
been the defenders of the country—the*country
had now become the protector and guardian of the
army. I agree that the embarrassments of the
country excused it from paying or sustaining the
commutation certificates nine years, and that it
did wisely and well in then paying them to the
holders; but the debt being one of gratitude and
honor, it remained nevertheless, and remained
due to the officers who, under the pressure of
poverty resulting from the public distress, not
any fault of their own, had sold their certificates
for nominal values.
The obligation to pay the officers, or to reim-
burse them to the extent of their annuities for
life, revived with the renewed or restored ability
and strength of the country.
In the blaze of the revolutionary light now
thrown upon the subject, the subtilties and re-
finements which have obscured and perplexed it
disappear; such as this, that equal debts are due
to other classes of officers more meritorious than
those now to be paid; that equal debts are due to
the militia and to the common creditors of the
! country; that it ought to be paid, not to the chil-
dren of the officers, but to the officers themselves;
and if to children, then equally to grandchildren
when children do not survive; and that it ought
to be paid neither to the officers nor to the chil-
dren, but to the creditors; and that some persons
who are rich and great will be made richer by an
act whose general operation will be to benefit and
bless the poor and lowly; and that some of the
officers who, in the persons of their children, will
be the recipients of this benefaction, were per-
sonally unworthy, and that agents and specula-
tors will profit by it. The bill stands on the
policy established by Washington, after a full
trial of opposing theories and speculations.
So far as is practicable, consistently with recon-
ciling conflicting objections, the bill is guarded
against alleged abuses and dangers. Either these
claims justly stand on the basis of a moral obliga-
tion which imperatively requires the assumption
of Congress, or they stand un the basis of a debt
actually existing, but needing provision for its
payment. In either case Congress may rightfully
direct the discharge of the obligation or the debt
in the manner most agreeable to equity and good
conscience. To those, if there be any, who can-
not consent to pay these claims, amounting in the
aggre£>ate to two and a half millions, because they
fear that many others will remain unpaid, I recall
the sorrow of Lord Bacon on a similar occasion:
" Would to God that I were hooded, that I saw
less, or that I could perform more, for now I see
occasion of service, nut cannot fly, because I am
tied to another fist".
To those, if any, who shall object the lapse
of time, I reply, in the language of one who,
though he had served his king too well, and was
starving on his unperformed engagements, was
rebuked for unreasonable importunity: "Your
good promises sleep, which it may seem now no
time to awaken, but that I do not find any general
calendar of observation of time serveth for a
court."
To those, if there be such, who know no policy
in the finance of a free country always prosperous
and rich because always at peace, but that parsi-
mony which unjustly confiscates in civil adminis-
tration that it may have the necessary means for
war and oppression, I beg leave to say, that it
was justly held in Rome that a State was contained
in two words, pramium and panes, and that this
principle has come to be a part of our own reli-
gion by our acceptance of the precept which
teaches that governors are sent by the Supreme
Ruler, for the punishment of evildoers, and for
the praise of them that do well.
Mr. President, we have framed statues of brass
and iron which present Washington to the be-
holder as a general, as a statesman, as a magis-
trate, and as a citizen. We have pierced the
skies with monuments of marble and of granite in
honor of his name. We have imposed it upon
villages, towns, cities, a State, and a capital that
is becoming the glory of a continent; but, if I do
not altogether mistake his genius, the fulfillment
of his predictions and his promises, made when
he was taking leave of the companions of his
labors and sufferings, that his country would be
just, and would ultimately redeem the pledges it
had given them, will be more acceptable to his
serene and awful shade than all the tributes which
have been paid, and all that are yet to be paid, by
a redeemed nation and a grateful world.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, I will explain
briefly the object I had in view in offering the
pending amendment. It is not contended by the
supporters of the bill that it is to pay any debt
of the Government—that it is any debt in a legal
sense. The proposition that it is to pay a debt
seems to be abandoned on all sides; but it is in-
sisted that the peculiar circumstances connected,
with the resolution of 1780 made a contract which
has now a moral obligation binding uptfn the
Government of the United States. The bill is
not pressed as a claim on the generosity of Con-
gross; or, at least, when that question is pro-
pounded to its supporters, they avoid k. In my
judgment, there is not a single element of either
legal or moral obligation in any part o? this
claim. The legal obligation, as I have said, is
confessed to have been fully performed by Con-
gress heretofore.
The resolution of 1780, as I understand it—and
if I am wrong the chairman of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims will correct me—proposed
to the officers then in service that, if they would
continue to the ^end of the war, then, upon the
reduction, to wit, at the end of all their service,
they should receive half pay for life. But before
the reduction—before the time when this resolu-
tion would have any force at all, these officers
themselves petitioned for commutation. It was •
not the act of Congress of its own motion; it was
on application of the officers before the time for
the performance of the contract had come at all.
They petitioned Congress to commute 'the half
pay for life into full pay for five years.
Mr. EVANS. The Senator from Ohio is en-
tirely mistaken. In December, 1782, a memorial
was sent from the officers of the army, then sta-
tioned somewhere in the State of Now York, in
which they said that their necessities were very
great—that an unfriendly feeling existed in some
portions of the Union against the half pay for
life, and they proposed to Congress to change it
into something which was equivalent, eithei by
the payment of a sum in hand or by changing
the half pay for life into a commutation of so
