1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
238
Mr. LINDLEY moved to suspend the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The questionAvas taken; and there were—yeas
101, nays 72; as follows:
yeas—Messrs. Akers, Allen, Ball, Barbour, Barksdale,
Henry Bennett, Hendley S. Bennett, Billinghurst, Bowie,
Boyce, Bradshaw, Bremon, Brooks, Burlingame, John P.
Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Caruthers, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Colfax, Comlns, Covode, Cragin, Crawford,
Cumback, Damrell, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Jacob
C. Davis, Timothy Davis, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee,
Edwards, Etheridge, Eustis, Evans, Florence, Augustus
Hall, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson
W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Herbert, Hodges,
Holloway, Thomas It. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Hous-
ton, Howard, Kelly, King, Knox, Kunkel, Lake, Lindley,
Mace, Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Max-
well, McCarty, Millward, Morrill, Norton, Mordecai Oliver,
Orr, Paine, Parker, Phelps, Porter, Pringle, Purviance,
Puryear, Quitman, Eicaud, Rivers, Sabin, Sandidge, Scott,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Sneed, Stanton, Stephens,
Stranahan, Talbott, Tappan, Thoringtcra, Underwood,
Valk, Walbridge, Waldron, Walker, Cadwal ader C. Wash-
burne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Watkins, Woodruff, Wood-
wortli, and John V. Wright—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Benson, Bing-
ham, Bliss, Bocock, Bufflnton, Burnett,Cadvvalader, James
H. Campbell, Carlile, Caskie, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark,
Clingman, Howell Cobb, Craige, Cullen, Day, Dean,
Denver, De Witt, Edmundson, Elliott, Emne, Flagler,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gilbert, Goode, Haven, Hoffman,
Hughston, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelsey,
Kidwell, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Leiter, Letcher, Mat-
teoon, McMullin, Killian Miller, Miilson, Morgan, Mott,
Perry, Pike, Ready, Ritchie, Ruffin, Sapp, Savage, Sher-
man. Simmons, William Smith, Spinner, Thurston, Todd,
Tyson, Wade, Warner, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch,
Wells, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, and Zollicoffer—73.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.)
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. WALKER said: Satisfied that the House
is voting under a misapprehension upon this bill,
I ask consent to make an explanation. [Cries of
" Object!"] This bill is a very important one 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, ob-
jection having been made.
Mr. STEPHENS. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Missouri, whether this bill has received
ttie sanction of the Land Committee ?
Mr. LINDLEY. It has. It was recommended
by the Secretary of the Interior in his report.
Mr. STEPHENS. I ask the chairman of that
committee whether it has been recommended by
them
Mr. BURNETT. It has.
Mr. STEPHENS. I understand, then, that
the bill has received the sanction of the Land
Committee. With that understanding I change
my vote. I vote "ay." *
Mi<" JONES, of Tennessee. Why did not the
Committee on Public Lands then report it?
Mr. STEPHENS. Because they have not been
called for reports. [Cries of " Order!"]
Mr. FLORENCE. I voted against the motion
to suspend the rules; but understanding that the
bill is intended to benefit the " wool hat boys,"
I shall vote " ay."
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The vote was then announced as above recorded.
WILLIAM CAREY JONES.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Several days ago I
submitted a motion to reconsider the vote by
which the bill for 'the relief of William Carey
Jones was referred to the Committee of the
Whole, and placed on the Private Calendar. He
is very solicitous that some disposition shall be
made of the matter. He is willing that the bill
shall go on the Private Calendar if the House see.
fit to send it there; but he hopes, however, that
the House will reconsider and pass the bill. The
honorable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letch-
er,] I understand, has investigated the matter
fully, and I hope he will explain it to the House.
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman from Ala-
bama wishes to hear me, I should like to submit
some remarks on the subject.
The SPEAKER. The motion is to reconsider
the vote by which the bill for the relief of Wil-
liam Carey Jones was, at a former session of the
House, ordered to be placed on the Private Cal-
endar in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. LETCHER. Oh! I thought it was an-
other land-grabbing scheme. I have nothing to
say against this bill.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I am sorry that my
worthy friend from Virginia is disposed to pre-
judge everything that I bring forward. Sev-
eral days ago, by request, I submitted this motion
to reconsider. Mr. Jones, the claimant, informs
me that my friend from Virginia has examined
the subject thoroughly, and I therefore call upon
him for an explanation of the bill. If it is proper;
let him tell the House so; and if it is not, I pre-
sume the IJouse will defer to his judgment.
Mr. LETCHER. I am obliged to the gentle-
man for his oompliments; but m vindication of
the remark I made a while ago, I beg leave to say,
that so far as these land schemes are concerned,
the gentleman from Alabama is pretty generally
found acting with the enemy, I being, of course,
on the right side. [Laughter.]
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I will state for the
gentleman's benefit, that I voted just now against
the resolution for the Pacific railroad. Perhaps
the gentleman thinks that was wrong.
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir. I congratulate the
gentleman upon the fact, for it is about the best
vote I have known him to give this session.
But now, a word in reference to the bill before
the House. I myself made the motion to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole, because
1 knew nothing aboutit, and I took it for granted
that most of the members of the House did not
understand it. Since that time I have examined
the matter, and the facts are about these:
In 1848, I believe it was, when we acquired,
new territory from Mexico, there was a very
imperfect understanding here in relation to the
land titles in that country. Mr. Butterfield, then
Commissioner of the General Land Office, desired
that some person should procure the necessary
information in regard to the lands of that country.
Upon conference and correspondence with the
Secretary of State and the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, they determined to appoint a commissioner;
and they did appoint Mr. Jones to go there, and
make these investigations upon the assurance
that he should receive a fair compensation for
his services. These are the facts. As he dis-
charged his duties faithfully, and has never
received any compensation, it seems to me but
right that he should be paid. The bill leaves it
with the Secretary of State and the Secretary of
the Interior to fix the amount of his compensa-
tion.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I think the gentle-
man from Virginia has said about enough; and
believing that the House will adopt the motion,
I waive my right to say anything on the subject.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the question recurred on the motion to refer to
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw that motion.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. As the bill is fairly
before the House again, I will state that Mr.
Jones is perfectly satisfied that the House should
limit the amount to be paid him to $G,000, and I
will move to amend by fixing that limitation.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to ask the gentleman
fronl Alabama whether the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, who employed this Mr.
Jones, has ever recommended that he should be
compensated for these services, or whether this
was merely incidental business performed by him
when in California m the service of the Govern-
ment ?
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I must refer to the
gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. LETCHER. The Commissioner of the
General Land Office did notomploy Mr. Jones at
all. He reported the facts; and the Secretary of
State (Mr. Clayton, of Delaware) and the Secre-
tary of the Interior (Mr. Ewing, of Ohio) commis-
sioned Mr. Jones to discharge these duties.
Mr. COLFAX. I should like to know whether
those officers made a recommendation to Con-
gress to pay Mr. Jones for those services.'
Mr. LETCHER. They did not; they went
out of office shortly afterwards themselves.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand the
gentleman from Alabamfe to propose an amend-
ment to limit the compensation to $6,000.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I leave the matter
to the decision of the House—they can make the
restriction, or not, as they please.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The bill ought, to be
limited.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. How long was
Mr. Jones employed in this service ?
Mr. LETCHER. He was employed on the
12th of July, 1849. He left here at that time,
and returned and presented his report on the 10th
day of April, 1850.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. He was employed,
then, about nine months. Now, were not Mr.
Jones's expenses paid while he was making his
investigations in California and New Mexico ?
Mr. LETCHER. I cannot say. I know there
was an advance sum of f1,500 paid to him; but
whether it was sufficient to pay his expenses I
am not informed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that
his expenses were paid; and this sum of $6,000
now to be appropriated to him is to go as com-
pensation for nine months' service.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. COLFAX. Was Mr. Jones an officer of
the Army when he made these investigations,
and receiving pay as such ?
Mr. LETCHER. He was a lawyer, and hot
connected with the Army or the Government in
any way.
Mr. ORR. I renew the amendment of the
gentleman from Alabama, that the sum to b®
appropriated shall not exceed $6,000.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I have withdrawn
the amendment to le&ve the House to do as it
pleases. Mr. Jones is willing to agree to the
bill with or without the restriction.
Mr. ORR. I know nothing about the merits
of this particular claim. I desire, however, a
fixed sum to be specified in the bill. Unless I
am inadvertently caught, 1 do not intend to vote
again for any bill or joint resolution to take a
vague and undefined sum of money out of the
Treasury. I desire a maximum amount to be
fixed in this instance, so that the officers who are
to adjudge this case may go below, but not above,
a certain amount which we know.
Mr. STANTON. It seems to me that the gen-
tlemen who are appointed by the bill to fix the
amount due Mr. Jones will regard the maximum
proposed by the gentleman from South Carolina
as an expression of the opinion of this House on
the value of the services in question; they will be
sure to allow the maximum fixed by the bill.
The services of Mr. Jones were very valuable;
but surely $6,000, after all his expenses have been
paid, is too much, and I am unwilling to vote it.
I regard $6,000 as .the amount fixed upon fpr
compensation to Mr. Jones if this amendment
be adopted. If the maximum be reduced, I may
vote for it. Otherwise, I am for having no maxi-
mum at all.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will suggest that
the view taken by the gentleman from Ohio can-
not be entertained by the officers named in the
bill, because, if, after an examination of the claim,
they deem the amount too large, it will not be all
paid to Mr. Jones. These officers are to investi-
gate the matter, and out of this $6,000 pay what
they deem a sufficient compensation. I do not,
therefore, think the limitation proposed by the
amendment is any evidence of the sense of this
House. On the contrary the limitation would be
evidence that this House had not before it the
necessary material for an accurate judgment of
the amount of the claim.
Mr. FLORENCE. It strikes me that to fix the
sum conveys the impressionjhat that sum is due.
We expect that this claim will be adjusted on
piinciples of equity and justice; and this is the
object sought to be accomplished by a reference
of the case for examination to the officers named
in the bill. If we fix the sum of $6,000, the im-
pression will be conveyed at once, that that sum
would be, in the opinion of the House, a fair
compensation; and I think it had better be directly
appropriated.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. Oek's amendment was rejected.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
! time; and it was accordingly read the third time,
1 and passed.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JUDICIAL CIRCUITS AND DISTRICTS.
Mr. STANTON. I as& the unanimous con-
