m
THE CONGRESSIONAL £rLQBE.
January 5.
gent of the House for leave to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution;
Resolved, That tiie standing Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of reoreanizmg
the judicial circuits and districts of tbe United Stales m
guch' manner as to equalize the""population and business
of tbe several circuits and districts, and give to all sections
Of the Confederacy their equal and just representation in
tbe Supreme Court of the United States.
, Mr. BARKSDALE. I object.
Mr. STANTON. I move a suspension of
the rules, then, in order that the resolution may
come in and be acted on.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. And I move that the
House do now adjourn.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, be-
fore nutting the question on the motion to adjourn,
laid Wore the House a communication from the
Department of State, transmitting a copy of a
letter, with accorry>animents, addressed on the 3d
instant to the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, in relation to the claim of Michael
Pappieniza,an Austrian subject, for losses alleged
to have been sustained in New Orleans in 1853;
which was referred to tbe Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and drdercd to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, in an-
swer to a resolution of the House of Represent-
atives of the 24th of December, relative to the
claim of the employes of the House under reso-
lutions of the nrst session of the present Con-
Mr. ORR. I move that that communication be
laid upon the table, and be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the
communication be printed in the current proceed-
ings of to-day in the Globe of to-morrow morn-
ing. If it is ordered to be printed in document
form merely, we shall have disposed of the ques-
tion before we get the document.* I hope it will
all be printed in the proceedings of thifc day, and
appear in the Globe to-morrow.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that it be referred
tot the Committee of Ways and Means, and be
printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. But I suppose the
gentleman from Virginia has no objection to its
appearing in the Globe of to-morrow mornine;?
Mr. LETCHER. None whatever.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not see the use of re-
ferring the document to the Committee of Ways
and Means. The bill to which it refers is in the
House, and not in committee. The bill was re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means,
and this document contains information called
for by a resolution proposed by the gentleman
from South Carolina, and I can see no reason
why it should be referred to a committee.
The SPEAKER. The question is first upon
the motion to lay the communication upon the
table.
Mr. ORR. If the document is ordered to be
printed, I do-not care what disposition is made
of it. I withdraw the motion to lay upon the
table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that it be
printed in the current proceedings of the day in
the Globe of to-morrow morning.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that it
will appear in the Glbbe; but it is not strictly in
order to entertain a motion to that effect.
The following is the document referred to:
Treasury Department, January 5,1857.
Sirt: In compliance with the resolution of the House
of Representatives of the 24th of December, 1858, request-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury to communicate to the
House, the decision of the first Comptroller of the Treas-
ury upon the claim of the employes of the House of Rep-
resentatives under the resolution at the first session-of the
present Congress, I have the honor to inclose copies, Nos.
1, 2, and 3, of the report and decisions of the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury upon the claim of the employes of
the House, under the resolution referred to, with his letter
under date of the 29th of December, 1856, to this Depart-
ment. ft will be seen that the report and decision of the
Comptroller embraces a similar resolution by the Senate at
the same session.
The conclusion of the Comptroller of the Treasury, that
neither House could lawfully increase the compensation of
officers whose salaries were fix($ bv law, without tbe con-
currence of the other House and the President, and that
the resolution in question could not be so construed, even
with the addition of the appropriation referred to, met the
sanction of the Department. This construction is fortified
 y the fourth section of the act approved 36th of July,
1842, which declares that no estimate or application of
money in any: bill making appropriations, shall authorize
the payment of any increase pay, allowance, or compensa-
tion, in any form whatever, beyond the amount prescribed
by law in any case, unless there shall first be a special
direction for such extra pay, designating the officer to whom
such extra payment shall "be made. The resolution of the
House did not authorize the payment, and the appropriation
could not enlarge the effect of the resolution as first passed.
I felt no doubt upon the correctness of the conclusion of
the Comptroller upon the subject, and therefore did not
refer the question to tbe Attorney (General.
I am, very respectfully,
JAMES GUTHRIE, Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. N. P. Banks, Jr.,
Speaker of the House of Representatives,
Treasury Department,
Comptroller's Office,December 29,1856".
Sir : The House of Representatives having, by its reso-
lution of the 24th instant, requested the Secretary of the
Treasury to communicate to said House the decision of th e
First Comptroller of the Treasury upon the claim of the
employes of the House to extra compensation, under the
resolution of said House of the first session of this Con-
gress, in obedience to your instructions I submit to you
the following papers, to enable you to comply with the
request of the House.
1st. The decision referred to in the resolution.
2d. The copy of a communication addressed to you on
the 1st of October last, by W. P. Ingram, Chief Clerk of
the House of Representatives, on the subject of said reso-
lution.
3d. A review of the decision mentioned, and a confirma-
tion thereof.
I deem it proper to say that the Hon. William Cullom,
Cleik of the House of Representatives, made a requisition
upon you on the 29th of August last for $10,000, to enable
him to pay the additional compensation to its employes ami
others, authorized (as he said) by the resolution of the
House of Representauves of August 15, 1856; that you
referred said requisition to this office for its examination,
as is usual in other cases; that, being satisfied tbe money
could not be legally drawn from the Treasury for the pur-
pose mentioned m the requisition, I so stated m my com-
munication to you on the 1st of September; that thereafter,
on the 1st day of October, W. P. Ingram, Esq., chief
clerk in the office of the said Clerk, addressed a letter to you
on the subject of said "requisition," which being referred
to this office, my decision of the 1st of September was
reviewed m connection with Mr. Ingram's argument, and
finding no cause for changing it, I so stated to you m a
communication dated the 15th of October. Although the
resolution of the 24th of this month does not refer to Mr.
Ingram's argument, I cannot doubt the House will desire
it, under the circumstances mentioned, and it seems to me
to be due to thu&e interested to present it.
Most respectfully yours,
ELISHA WHITTLESEY.
Hon. James Gpthrte, Secretary of the Treasury*
[No. 1.]
Treasury Department,
Comptroller's Office, September 1,1856.
The Hon. William Cullom, Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives, addressed a letter of the date of August the
29th, to the Secretary of the Treasury, requesting him to
advance$10,000, to be charged as follows: To appropri-
ations in act making appropriations for certain civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1857. That clause is as follows: "Toenable tbe
Clerk of the House of Representatives to pay additional
compensation to its employes and others, authorized by the
resolution of the House of Representatives of August 15,
1856, a sum sufficient fbr that purpose is heieby appropri-
ated out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, and is hereby added to the contingent fund of the
House of Representatives." Section one of said act, last
sentence.
The resolution referred to is as follows:
" On motion of Mr. Kunkel,
" Resolved, That the Clerk be directed to pay, out of the
contingent fund of the House, the usual extra compensa-
tion to that class of employes who received the same at the
last Congress; and to the other employe of the House,
respectively, including those employed m the qffice of Super-
intendent of Public Printing, an amount equal to twenty
per cent, upon the annual compensation: Provided, This
resolution shall not be construed to include the rublic
Printer."
Under the latter clause of this resolution, the Clerk of the
House of Representatives, his clerks, messengers, sergeant-
at-arms, doorkeeper, and the officers whose salaries are
fixed by law, claim twenty per cent, on their salaries or
compensation, under the designation of other employes.
In a paper handed to me by the Hon. Nathaniel P.
Banks and the IIou. Lewis D. Campbell, containing an
exposition of the views of Mr. Cullom, and the other
claimants, as I understand, the question is very pertinently
asked.
1. Whoaremeanthythe term "employes of the House ? 
The question is then attempted to be solved as follows:
" This question was satisfactorily answered by referring to
resolutions in pact Congresses, where the same term is used,
and which was invariably construed to mean all the per-
sons in the employ of the House. The joint resolution of {
July 20, 1854, which fixes the compensation of the em-
ploye? in the legislative department, &c., it was found,
used the term in the same sense."
The joint resoluuon of July 20,1854, is not correctly re-
ferred to; and instead of sustaining the construction claimed
for the resolution of August 15, 1856, it defeats iU That
resolution commenced as follows ;
''That the officers, clerks, messengers, and other em-
ployes in the legislative department of the Government,
snail be paid an increased compensation of twenty per
cent, upon the compensation now received by them re-
spectively," &c.
Here is a legislative ennetment deeming it to be necessary
to designate the higher grades by the usual and appropriate
terms. " Officers."—By that term all are included who are
elected by the House, to wit: the Clerk of the House of
Representatives, Sergeant-at-Arms, Doorkeeper, &c.
" Clerks."—By that term all clerks who have annual
salaries arc included.. There is a class of clerks, not ap-
pointed under acts of Congress, but under resolutions, who
do not serve during the year, and are not paid annual sal-
aries, that are not included.
" Messengers."—The same remark applies to them its
both particulars, as there are messengers whose salaries
are fixed by law, and there are messengers who are paid
for the services actually performed, and not salaries by the
year.
The term " employes" is applicable to a lower elass,
whose offices are not permanent, or whose compensation
is not formally fixed by law j and it is in that sense I use
the term " lower grade."
In heading the list of the names entitled, as is alleged,
to the twenty per cent., Mr. Cullom himself adopts the
language of the resolution of July 26, 1854, as follows s
" Names of officers, clerks, and other employes, in the-
House of Representatives, who are entitled to receive
twenty per cent, upon their annual compensation by virtue
of the resolution of the House of Representatives of the
15th of August, 1856." Why use the terms " officers and
clerks" that are not mentioned in the resolution of August
15th, if they are embraced under the term, " and other
employes ?"
The exposition handed to me proceeds to say: " The usual
extra compensation resolutions passed at the end of each
session of the Thirty-Second Congress, use the word e em-
ployes' as descriptive of the persons to be benefited; and
by referring to the Clerk's reports of contingent expendi-
tures, It appeared that the Clerk, Sergeant-at-Arms, Door-
, keeper, Postmaster, clerks, messengers, pages, folders, and
laborers, were meant. No one, except the Speaker and
Printer, was omitted."
Whatever may have been the practice before the passage
of the joint resolution of July 20,1854, it cannot vary the
express provisions of that resolution. It gives twenty per
cent, to the officers, clerks, messengers, and other em-
ployes in the legislative department of the Government,,
upon the compensation then received by them.—Statutes at
Large, vol. 10, p. 594.
The second proviso is: " That the usual extra compen-
sation sharf not hereafter be allowed to any person receiv-
ing the benefits of this joint resolution." The Clerk of title
House of Representatives, the clerks, messengers, and all
other employes, did receive said twenty per cent., where
they were officers and had fixed salaries j and if there are
any who did not receive it, it was because the percentage
did not amount to a sum equal to what they hoped to re-
ceive by a resolution.
Since the passage of the resolution of the 20th of July,
1854, no increase has been paid to a salary officer under a
resolution of one House, if the officer received the twenty
per cent, under that resolution, unless his salary was in-
creased by the act of March 3, 1855.—[Vol. 10, p. 644.}
That act fixed the salaries of all officers of the House by
certain definite suras; and a question of much importance
arises—can one House increase salaries, thus fixed, by a
separate resolution ?
The object of tbe joint resolution of July 20, 1854, was
to prevent such practices thereafter. The language is clear,
plain, and explicit,without any ambiguity; and it was in-
tended to correct an evil, long known to exist, of evading
general laws by the action of one House. If givmg twenty
per cent, is not within its spirit and import, it may be
evaded, rendered null and void, by using any word that
grants money, if the words " usual compensation " are
omitted.
1st. My opinion is: a positive prohibition in a law
passed by both Houses of Congress, and approved by the
President, cannot be changed by a resolution of one
House.
2d. That the Clerk and officers, &c., of the House of
Representatives who received the benefits of the joint reso-
lution of July 20,1854, cannot legally receive higher sal-
aries, by the way of percentage or compensation, without
the express action of both Houses.
3d. That an appropriation in the language of the act of
18th August, 1856, referring to the resolution of the House
of the 15th August, is not such action as can change a well-
defined law.
4th. These views are sustained by the practice; for,
since the passage of the resolution of July 20, 1854, no
person, officer, or employg who received the benefit of the
resolution has received any compensation allowed to
others by subsequent resolutions.
Most respectfully, ELISHA WHITTLESEY.
[No. 2.]
Office Housb Representatives, United States,
October 1,1856.
Sir: I am informed by a letter from the Comptroller,
dated September 27,1856, that" the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has not given instructions to advance any part of the
requisition of Mr. Cullom of $10,000, in his letter of August
20, 1856, and that no part of the draft remitted to him, (Mr.
Cullom,) can be applied legally towards the payment of any
part of that requisition."
From this it is inferred, that you have not yet decided
the question, some time since raised by Mr. Whittlesey,
denying the right of the Clerk to make the payment con-
templated by the second branch of the resolution of the
House of Representatives of August 15,1856.
That such a doubt should have arisen in the mind of the
Comptroller, and especially in view of the legislation on
that subject, contained in the act of August 18,1856, has
not only surprised every employ^ of the House, but every
member of Congress who has been informed of it has ex-
pressed equal surprise.
Having every confidence that it Is your desire to carry
out the wishes of the House, if you can do so consistently
with duty, your attention is respectfully invited to the lan-
guage, both of the resolution of August IS, and the act of
August 18.
