me
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
of the House, respectively"—embrace the Clerk^ the Ser-
ceant-at-Arms, Doorkeeper, and all other officers not
within the first branch of the resolution. Supposing it had
included these words, " and the employes of the Executive
Derailments," would the salary of each of the Heads of
the Departments, and all in their respective Departments,
have been increased twenty per cent., and made legal, be-
cause the appropriation clause was the act of both. Houses
and the President ? The Superintendent of Public Printing
is not an officer of the House of Representatives, nor is any
person m his office under the control of the House. He is
appointed by the President, with the advice and consent
of the Senate, and his compensation is fixed and estab-
lished by law; but the House has embraced him and his
clerks in the words following: "And the other employes
of the House, respectively, including those employed in the
office of Superintendent of Public Printing," &c. If the
salaries of the Clerk, Sergeant-at-Arms, Doorkeeper, and
other officers of the House, are increased by virtue of the
resolution of August 15, and the appropriating clause, copied
above, so is the salary of the Superintendent *f Public
Printing increased, and the salaries of those in nis office.
Mr. Ingram says:
"And it is conceived that the question that properly
arises is, that the IJouse of Representatives having directed
certain payments to be made, and Congress having subse-
quently sanctioned the same, and made an appropriation
therefor, may not such payments be made, even though
thero does stand upon the statute-book a law prohibit-
ing it?"
My answer is: if the House of Representatives does an
act within its legal and constitutional sphere, and money
is appropriated by law to carry the act into effect, the pay-
ment may be made, notwithstanding a prohibitory law,
bccause the last law would repeal the former; but the case
put is not parallel to the one under consideration; and to
make it such, the principle must be established, that one
House can repeal a law; and if it cannot, no appropriation
is made to increase the salaries of the officers mentioned,
nor is any sanction given by the appropnation clause to the
attempt to increase them.
The assumption that Congress intended to increase the
salaries of these officers, 1 think is without foundation, for
the following reasons:
1st. If such had been the intention, it would have been
so stated expressly, to avoid the prohibition of the joint res-
olution of July 20, 1854.
2d. Considering'the compensation now given to these
officers, and the limited period they are performing active
service, and considering the compensation given to the
officers in the Executive Departments of the Government,
and the service performed by them during the whole year
without intermission, except an occasional leave of ab-
sence, it cannot be piesumed that Congress, legislating for
both of these classes, to say nothing of the officers of the
Army and Navy, would select those about them, and merely
from tliat circumstance increase their salaries, and neglect
the others. It has the constitutional powei to do so; but
whenever such power shall be exercised, I think it will be
in such language as will be understood, and the offices des-
ignated, the incumbents of which may be benefited, that
Hio people may have an opportunity to know, through the
publications required by law, the compensation allowed to
each ofliccu
3d. if the Senate had Apprehended that, by passing the
clause in the appropriation act cited, the salaries of the
offieei s of the House were increased, it would have included
their own officers, so as to have kept them upon a footing of
equality. Such equality was maintained by the joint resolu-
tion of July 20, 1854, winch, among other tilings, provided:
That the officers, clerks, messengers, and other em-
ployes in tin: legislative departments of the Government,
shrill be paid an incicased compensation of twenty per
cent, upon the compensation now received by them respect-
ively, and the messengers of the House of Representatives
shall not receive less than is allowed to messengers of the
Senate of the same class."—Vol. 10, p. 594.
The salaites of the officers and clerks of the House
ranged equally, or nearly so, as will appear by the act of
nppiopriation approved August 18,1856.—Chapter 162, pp.
10-J-3, Pamphlet Laws.
A tabulai statement will accompany this, showing said
equality a* fixed by law, and a column will denote the
increase claimed by the clerks and officers of the House,
undet the resolution of August 15th.
The civil appropriation bill being under consideration in
the Senate on the 15th of August, an amendment, No. 46,
was offered and agreed to, as follows :
" For additional compensation and mileage of Senators
for the piesent Congress, $178,128.
" For additional compensation and mileage of the mem-
beisof the House of Representatives, and Delegates from
Tomtoiies, for the present Congress, $773,432."
When the bill and amendments were taken up m the
House, it was proposed to non-concur in the amendments,
without reading them, so as to ask for a committee of con-
ference. Objections were made to the proposition, and Mr.
^ Stanton, of Ohio, wished the amendments read, and noti-
fied the House that they involved the sum of four or five
millions. It was ordered, after some conversation, that the
previous question be called and the amendments read. The
reading was proceeded with to the twenty-third amend-
ment inclusive, when Mr. Campbell, of Ohio, chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, said :
" I move that the remainder of the amendments, some
fifty-four, be non-concurred in en masse, with a view of hav-
ing a committee of conference, which must be had sooner
oi lau-r on these amendments."
The motion was entertained by unanimous consent, and
agreed to.
Committee of conference was appointed.
The said amendment of the Senate for additional com-
pensation for Senators, Members, and Delegates, as copied
above, had not been reached when Mr. Campbell moved
for the non-concurrence as to the fifty-four amendments of
the Senate, and was not read, but was not concurred in, and
so reported to the Senate by Mr. CulJom, the Clerk of the
House.
The committee of conference could not agree, and a sec-
ond one was appointed.
That committee reported on the 18th of August. In re •
gard to the forty-sixth amendment, the committee recom-
mended as follows:
That the House do concur in the forty-sixth amendment
of the Senate, which is as follows: " For additional com-
pensation and mileage of members of the House of Repre-
sentatives and Delegates from Territories, $773,432," with
dn amendment, to add the following:
" And to enable the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives to pay the additional compensation to its employes
and others, authorized by the resolution of the House of
August 15,1856, a sum sufficient for that purpose is hereby
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, and is hereby added to the contingent
fund of the House of Representatives."—-Congressional
Globe, p. 2239.
The report having been read, a motion for the previous
question was made and sustained; and the report was
adopted—yeas 111, nays 79.
These results appear from this part of the examination
of the Journal:
1. That'the Senate amended the bill from the House by
providing additional pay and mileage for the Senate to the
amount of $178,432.
2. For the members of the House and Delegates, $773,432.
3. That the House non-concurred in said amendment,
which was treated by the Senate as a single one, although
it contained two clauses.
4. That the committee of conference divided it, desig-
nating the first clause No. 45, and the second clause No. 46.
5. That to the amendment No. 46 was attached the said
amendment, commencing with pie words, "And to enable
the'Clerk," &c., as copied above.
6. That the amendment of the Senate so divided by the
committee of conference, and designated No. 45 and No.
46, was concurred in by the Hoase.
I referred to these proceedings with the hope I should
find something to show that it was the intention to increase
the salaries of the officers now claiming they are entitled to
twenty per cent, on their compensation, by reason of the
appropriation clause cited, which was added to the forty-
sixth amendment of the Senate, and I regret to express ray
disappointment. There is nothing to show by the appro-
priation clause that either House contemplated to increase
the salaries of officers that had been fixed by law. It
was added to an amendment of the Senate by a committee
of conference, and passed under, the previous question,
without the opportunity to make an inquiry or to give an
explanation. I cannot believe a mere appropriation clause,
general in its character, without any specification, repeals
a prohibitory law enacted to correct what was believed to
be a great abuse, and considered with great care.
On the 16th, the day after the House passed the resolu-
tion mentioned above, an effort was made in the Senate to
make similar provision for the employes of the Senate.
"Mr. Clayton. I desire to oficr a resolution to which
I suppose there will be no objection, and ask for its imme-
diate consideration :
" Resolved, That there be allowed and paid to each of
the employes of the Senate, and in the Congressional
Library, the same compensation that is allowed to the em-
ployes of the House of Representatives by a resolution of
the House of 15th August, 1856, to be paid out of the con-
tingent fund of the Senate, under the direction <Jf the com-
mittee to audit and control the same.
" Mr. Hunter. I object.
" The President pro tempore. The resolution cannot
now be considered."
Afterwards, on the same day, the Senate having under
consideration a resolution and amendments authorizing
various committees to retain their clerks during the recess
of Congress, and some committees to appoint clerks, Mr.
BiGLERsaid:
" I wish to offer an amendment, to add to the resolution:
e That there be allowed and paid to each of the employes
of the Senate the same compensation thatis allowed to the
employes of the House of Representatives by a resolution
of the House of Representatives of the 15th of August, 1858,
to be paid out of the contingent fund of the Senate under
the direction of the committee to audit and control the
same."— Congressional Globe, p. 2225.
Shortly after, the Presiding Officer said: "The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania,"
[Mr. BroLER.]—Ibid., same page.
" The amendment was agreed to."—Ibid., same page.
Other amendments were made, and the Presiding Officer
announced: " The question is on agreeing to the resolu-
tion as amended—yeas 18, nays 1-5."—Ibid., same page.
Some little business was transacted, and the yeas and
nays were taken on a motion made by Mr. Hunter to ap-
point another committee of conference on a disagreement
of the two Hou&es on an amendment to the Army bill,
when Mr. Bigler said :
" I offer the following resolution, the effect of which will
be to give twenty per cent, to the subordinate employes:
" Resolved, That there be allowed and paid to each of
the employes of the Senate the same compensation thatis
allowed to the employes of the House of Representatives
by a resolution of the House of Representatives of the 15th
August, 1856, to be paid out of the contingent fund of the
Senate, under the direction of the Committee to Audit and
Contiol the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
" Mr. Hunter. I am not for considering that resolution
now. r think we passed a law raising their salary a few
years ago, and added twenty per cent, to the salary.
" Presiding Officer, [Mr. Toombs.] It requires unan-
imous consent to considei the resolution.
" Mr. Mason. J object.
" Presiding Officer. Then it lies over."— Congres-
sional Globe, p. 2226.
It thus appears that a resolution was adopted by the Sen-
ate containing an amendatory clause, offered by Mr Bigler,
providing for the employe of the Senate, and within a
short time thereafter, that the same Senator offered the
same proposition as an original resolution, only varying in
this: that in the amendment, after the words " to audit
and control," the words "the same" follow; andinjthe
distinct resolution, the words "the same" are substituted
by the words, " the contingent expenses of the Senate," so
as to read," to audit and control tlje contingent expenses
of the Senate. > Immediately after the Presiding Officer
announced that the resolution "lies over," as stated above,
Mr. Adams moved a reconsideration of the resolution
adopted by the Senate, in regard to the employment of
clerks of committees, which, he understood, gave more
than was the intention of the Senate. The Journal says:
" The resolution, as it was adopted, was read as follows:
" Resolved, That such of the committees of the Senate
as deem it expedient may continue their clerks during the
recess at the rate of $1,500 per annum,"
Mr. Adams said: "If I understand it, they are still to be
entitled to six dollars a day, and then to receive pay at the
rate^of $1,500 during the vacation," &c.
After some remarks by Mr. Mason, " the motion to recon-
sider was agreed to."
" Mr. Ma.son. I move to lay the resolution on the table."
Mr. Toombs moved that the Senate " adjourn; which
was agreed to at 4.15 o'clock, a. m., Sabbath morning."
On Monday the 18th, Mr. Wright, from the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of the Sen-
ate, to whom was referred the resolution offered by Mr.
Biggs on the 16th instant, to authorize the Committee on
Private Land Claims to continue "the employment of their
clerk during the recess," &c., &c., reported it with an
amendment, to add to the resolution the words: " Ileshall
be allowed therefor the same pro rata compensation that is
paid to the clerk of the Committee on Finance."
" The amendment was agreed to.
" Mr. Trumbcll. I give notice that I shall object to all
resolutions coming here to pay clerks in that way; and if it
is not too late, I wish to object to the consideration of this
resolution."
Ho was informed it was too late to object, &c.
" Mr. Toombs. What has become of the general reso-
lution on the same subject ?
" The President pro tempore. The vote on its passage
was reconsidered, and it is still before the Senate as unfin-
ished business.
"Mr. Toombs. £ hope the Senate will not in the last
hours of the session pass any such resolution as this. 1
move to lay it on the table, or shall do it before I take my
seat. If it is necessary to change the salary of our em-
ployes, we have had seven months in which to do it—
abundance of time; and why should we do it now, when
we have public business—appropriation bills of the most
urgent necessity before us? Why should we be calied
upon here to> be fixing this matter now, as we were on
Saturday night, to pass a resolution to give one half the
Senators private clerks at the rate of {§1,500 a year? This
is part of the same system. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
" The motion was agreed to."
There are apparently errors in the Journal, if I correctly
understand it.
The resolution to whieh was attached the amendment of
Mr. Bigler, adopted as mentioned above, was not recon-
sidered ; but instead of said resolution having been read,
when Mr. Adams moved a reconsideration, another and
separate proposition was read, and the vote of reconsidera-
tion was on that.
" The main resolution," as it was designated afterwards
by Mr. Toombs, in inquiring after its condition, was not
reconsidered, but now stands as the action of the Senate.
The proceedings of the Senate thus stood at the close of its
first session of the Thirty-Fourth Congress in regard to the
subject.
On the 21st day of August, the first day of the session
convened by the proclamation of the President, Mr. Bell,
of Tennessee, said :
"I am requested to call up a resolution submitted by the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton.] He is not able to
be in his seat to-day, as I am advised by a note. It is a
resolution proposing togivethe same extra compensation to
the employes of the Senate that has been given by the House
of Representatives to their employes."
After a conversation whether it was proper to act on a
measure of this kind, Mr. Bell withdrew the motion 
Congressional Globe, new series, pages 9 and 10.
On the 30th of August, Mr. Bell, of Tennessee, said :
" I ask now for the consideration of the resolution of
the honorable Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] m
relation to extra compensation to employes.
" The President pro tempore. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Tennessee, to take up the fol-
lowing resolution:
" Resolved, That there be allowed and paid to each of
the employes of the Senate, and in the Congressional Li-
brary, the same compensation that is allowed to the em-
ployes of the House of Representatives, by the resolution
of the House of the 15th of August, 1856, to be paid out of
the contingent fund of the Senate, under the direction of
the committee to audit and control the same.
" On motion of Mr. Bell, of Tennessee, the following
was added as an amendment:
" And that there be paid out of the contingent fund to
Robert Carter and Henry Dodson, and to the folders tem-
porarily employed in the service of the Senate, fifty dol-
lars each."
The resolution as amended, on the same day, was
adopted.
The resolution refers to the resolution of the House of
the 15th of August, and if the salaries of the officers of the
House of Representatives are increased twenty per cent.,
so are the salaries of the officers of the Senate.
The officers of the Congressional Library are also in-
eluded. The Librarian is appointed by the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, and is not
an officer of the Senate.
The appropriation on which reliance is placed by the
officers of the House to increase their compensation does
not embrace the employes of the .Senate, nor m the Con-
gressional Library ; so that if they are paid at all the in-
created salaries of the officers of the Senate, and of the
Congressional Library, and the employes of the Senate.
