1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23 7
and the employes, messengers, &c., of the Congressional
Library, are chargeable upon the ordinary contingent fund
of the Senate, for which an estimate had been made for
specific objects, in no manner connected with the expend-
iture of money to pay increased compensation to officers
of the Senate, nor to pay increased compensation to officers
and employes of the Congressional Library.
Mr. Ingram, at the fifth page of his letter, says:
"It has been said that the intention' of the Congress
which passed the joint resolution of July 20,1854, evidently
was to break up a practice which had previously prevailed
of voting additional compensation. Admitting such to be
the case, it may be inquired, whether it is not as mani-
festly the intention 'of the present Congress, which passed
the act of August 18, that (for the present occasion at least)
the practice shall be revived? And is not the intention as
expressed by the present Congress, according to every rule
of legal construction, to prevail over that of a former Con-
gress
If Congress had said that the salaries of the officers of the
House and Senate, or of either of them, were to be in-
creased by an appropriation to be paid from the Treasury,
I do not doubt said salaries would be increased, notwith-
standing the joint resolution of July 20,1854; but my posi-
tion is, the appropriation elause only embraces those whose
compensation might he increased by the action of the
House, and to that extent it sanctioned the resolution of
the 15th August, and no farther. The "House not having
the power, directly nor indirectly, to increase salaries, the
appropriation clause does not apply to officers having sala-
ries established by law, and who came within the relief of
the joint resolution mentioned.
My examination of the Journals was in consequence of
the stress placed by Mr. Ingram on the intention of Con-
gress in passing the appropriation clause. When a law is
ambiguous, resort may be had to the Journals and proceed-
ings of the Legislature. In this instance, no one intimated
that salaries were to be increased.
Having reviewed my communication of the 1st of Sep-
tember, and the facts connected with the proceedings of
Congress, so far as they appear in the Journals, and duly
weighed and considered the &ame, I do not discover any
ground for changing the views then entertained and ex-
pressed.
Most respectfully, ELISHA WHITTLESEY,
First Comptroller.
Hon. James Guthrie, Secretary of the Treasury.
P. S. See table annexed—comparative statement of offi-
cers of Senate and House of Representatives.
§3
C *3
g g
9
3 g g
; §'3 ;
• S3 p <
• >~s pn 
• ^ ® ]
ST 5T -K* 2. O O 2. S" <5
W W CD S £ 3 £ <t> 2. % 3
5? o s? b«£'So5
© 2. g 5 H -  % S 9 o
!S 3
: >3
i'cre   OQ £ ' .' § • * ^
§ 5 ' * * * *  
[
I: ® a: : : : • • :
o ♦  
O
B
a
a
3
&
-1 w v—1 to t© K? 10 to CO
4 cc c> "h-v} ~© o^"oi '<J>
^ooiooitiiauioo^oo
soooeotooooooooo
Annual salary.
8 |
in ® 5 o o 5«
S g.2.SPaoos S?
e as a 2 2 ! *
5 £  "cr« g g a! :
O 3 a ?T .
£. ® <b s  3 S . . .
  3 5.* si-: . .
o o ;
<W w CP   o a *
m&r:
"3 £o'
  2 ff® P B '
-zz'- sf:
: : I: p P:
l i 3: o.: :
: : J• •
0 O ° n < ST
I!«s I g.
1
« 0°2,Q«i
S-iSiSS-ai
• T *"■?' °
• : >™ £
* * 5 p a0
• • CO o, ~ ®
-1 to to i- to to
«4CDOCGOCOCDOOCO-4£
cjmmcow
aoooooooowwiootio
JO JO JOJO to to to to to to tojo jto-
O (—1 ^ t-4
05 O Ol © 5S ® C}OtO!£><Cd<Of3
cooooooootoioioiootoo
o oo o o
o o ® c © © c
o
Annual salary.
Twenty per cent,
per resolution 15th
August, 1856.
Total salary and
per cent.
5. 2
I' 
If
§ S
?2
o1 s
| |
•5,<2,
K O
e
The communication waa referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
The question wag then taken on Mr. Cobb's
motion, and it was agreed to; and thereupon (at
two o'clock and forty-five minutes) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 6, 1857.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain to
the House.
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE.
Mr. CASS, from the Secretary's desk, said:
The first question, gentlemen, is the election of a
President pro tempore of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the election of a President;)™ tempore.
Mr. HALE. What is the occasion of it?
Mr. CASS. The reason is that we have none;
that is all.
Mr. Cass put the question on Mr. Hunter's
motion; and it was agreed to.
Mr. CASS. Shall the election be by ballot or
otherwise ?
Several Senators. By ballot.
Mr. CASS. Prepare your ballots, gentlemen.
The ballots having been collected and can-
vassed, the result was declared as follows:
Mr. Mason received 30 votes.
Mr. Foot 11 "
Mr. Weller 1 "
Blank 2
Whole number of votes cast 44
Necessary to a choice 23
Mr. Cass proclaimed Mr. Mason elected Pres-
ident pro tempore, and requested Messrs. Dobglas
and Stuart to conduct him to the chair
Mr. MASON, on taking the chair, said: Imake
my acknowledgments to the Senate for their con-
sideration evinced by the ballot just taken. The
Senate will please come to order.
On motion of Mr. Cass, the Secretary was
directed to notify the President of the United
States and the House of Representatives, that the
Senate had chosen the Hon. James M. Mason
President pro tempore.
The Journal of yesterday wasread and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the resolu-
tion of the Senate (S. R. No. 27) to authorize
the Secretary of State and the Secretary of the
Interior To settle the claim of William Carey
Jones for certain services.
Also, that the President of the United States
approved and signed, on the 26th of December,
an act (H. R. No. 243) for the relief of George
K. McGunnegle, surviving partner of the late
firm of Hill & McGunnegle, of St. Louis, Mis-
iuri.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter of the Second Auditor of the
Treasury, communicating, in obedience to law,
copies of the accounts of persons charged with
the disbursement or applieation of moneys, goods,
or effects, for the benefit of the Indians, during
the year ending June 30, 1856, with the lists of
the names of all persons to whom goods, moneys,
or effects, have been delivered during that period;
which was, on motion of Mr. Hunter, ordered
to lie on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of Joshua
P. Todd, a lieutenant in the Navy, praying to
be allowed the pay of a master for services ren-
dered in that capacity while a passed midship-
man; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. IVERSON presented the petition of
Charles P. Bruckner, administrator of William
White, a revolutionary soldier, praying to be
allowed arrears of pension under the act of June
7,1832; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the proceedings of
the Legislature of Louisiana in relation to the
volunteers stationed at Baton Rouge, in that
State, in the year 1836; which were referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of the
children and heirs-at-Iaw of Thomas Hazard, a
revolutionary officer, praying for remuneration
for the expenses of their ancestor in raising and
subsisting a company of men for service in that
war; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
James B. Weeks, praying that the pension due
to his father, John Weeks, a revolutionary sol-
dier, may be paid to his heirs; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of the
Peach Bottom Slate Mining Company, the Har-
ford County Slate Mining Qompany, and the
Lehigh Slate Mining Company, praying that the
duty on slate may not be decreased; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition
of John Rooney, a United States pensioner, for
an increase of pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented the petition of the
heirs and legal representatives of Louis Pellerin,
praying for the confirmation of their title to cer-
tain lands in the State of Louisiana claimed under
a French grant; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
He also presented additional papers in relation
to the claims of the administrator of Fuhvar Skip-
with, deceased; which were referred to the Com
mittee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of the descend-
ants and heirs of Jean Antome Bernard Daute-
rive, for the confirmation of their title to certain
lands in the State of Louisiana; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. PUGH presented the petition of William
Marshall, a soldier in the war of 1812, praying
to be allowed arrears of pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Augustus
Moore, a lieutenant colonel in the fourth regiment
of Ohio volunteers in the Mexican war, praying
for compensation for property lost in that war;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That tbe petition of Lueretia V. Gardner, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Eliza G. Townsend, pray-
ing for a pension on account of the services of her late
husband, Paymaster David S. Townsend, United States
Army, be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FISH, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill (S.
No. 489) making appropriation for the removal
of Diamond Reef and Coentie's Reef, in the har-
bor of New York; which was read the first and
second times by unanimous consent, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BUTLER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 490)
to authorize the establishment of a navy-yard at
Port Royal, in South Carolina; which was read
the first and second times by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PAPERS OF MENARD AND VALLE.
Mr, JONES, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved) That the Court of Claims be directed to return
to the Senate the papers relating to the claim of Piene
Menard and Louis Yalle, referred to that court by an order
of the Senate of the 14th of August last.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour for
the consideration of the special order, fixed for
twelve and a half o'clock, has arrived. It is the
bill (H. R. C. C. No. 13) for the relief of Mary
Reeside, and it is now before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. Does that bill come uf> at
present, or has the question of privdoge, raised
by the Senator from lowa, the precedence'
