THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
January 6,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This bill was
made the special order for this time.
Mr. SEWARD. The Iowa contested election
case is a question of privilege; and I understand
that the honorable Senator who has the deepest
interest in it, desires that it may be taken up now.
I therefore move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the report of the Committee on
the Judiciary in that case.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
not sufficiently conversant with the rules to know
whether this question of privilege will override
the order of the day. That, however, will be
received as the understanding of the Senate, if
there be no objection. '
Mr. STUART. I wish to suggest that if the
gentlemen who have charge of this bill desire to
keep it before the Senate, it i3 necessary to post-
pone it and again make it the special order; other-
wise it will not remain in that position.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope it will be understood
that it is to be passed over informally. I have
no objection to that.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I merely wish to state
that if gentlemen insist on bringing up the ques-
tion of privilege at the present time, (although I
regret it very much on account of the peculiar
position in which Mrs. Reeside is placed,) I shall
not object to it. A day's delay may be fatal to
her. I was in hopes that we could pass this bill
in the course of the morning, as it is exceedingly
necessary that it should be passed to-day if it
can be done at all. I had trusted that the Sen-
ator from Iowa would find it convenient to allow
the question in regard to his seat to be postponed
for half an hour. If not, I wish to keep this bill
in its order before the Senate, and I desire to
understand what the rule is on that subject, and
•whether another special appointment must be
made, or whether the present special order will
stand ?
Mr. STUART. The Senator had better move
to postpone it until half past twelve o'clock to-
morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN, [to Mr. Harlan.] Do
you wish to go on with your case now?
Mr. HARLAN. I would prefer that.
Mr. HALE. It strikes me that this bill being
made the special order, and being superseded by
a question of privilege, will remain the special
order when the question of privilege shall have
beentlisposed of. As a point of order, I think
that is the way in which it stands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to under-
stand the view which the Chair takes of that
matter.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator will allow me,
I will state what will be the effect of it. We have
a rule on that point. The Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Foot,] who I perceive lias risen, can
state it as well as I can.
Mr. FOOT. I was about to read a paragraph
from the 31st rule, touching special orders; and,
according to my interpretation of this para-
graph, the present special order being left as it is,
and undisposed of, without any action of the
Senate will continue to hold the same position
hereafter; that is to say, it is a special order every
day, at halfpast twelve o'clock, until finally dis-
posed of. The rule reads as follows:
"T]ie special orders shall not lose their position on
account of intervening adjournments; nor shall tiiey lose
their relative position on the Calendar, except by vote of
tile Senate, until finally disposed of."
As I understand that rule, without any action
on this bill it will come up hereafter as a special
order, at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. TOOMBS and others. Certainly.
Mr. BAYARD. If it is in order, I should like
to move to postpone the question of privilege
until to-morrow, at half past twelve o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The subject
now before the Senate is the special order, which
must be disposed of before any other business
can be entertained.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose that the con-
tested election comes in as a question of privi-
lege, and if it conies in at all, it supersedes the
special order without any particular motion being
made to postpone it; hut the special order keeps
its place, the other question coming in like an in-
tervening adjournment. If the question in refer-
ence to the Iowa seat is to come up, very well;
but I should like to hnrve that question settled
without postponing this bill until to-morrow, be-
cause, if for any good and sufficient reason the
report of the Judiciary Committee with regard to
the seat of the Senator from Iowa shall be post-
poned until to-morrow, I wish this bill to be con-
sidered to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands, at present, that the special order is
now before the Senate, the hourof half past twelve
having arrived. If a question of privilege^should
take the place of it, and that question be disposed
of, the special order would remain in its position
on the Calendar, and would come up as a matter
of course.
Mr. TOOMBS. I suppose there is no sort of
difficulty about this subject. The contested elec-
tion is a question of privilege, which overrides all
privileged questions; and when the question of
privilege shall be disposed of or postponed, the
privileged questions will take their order on the
Calendar.
Mr. BIGLER. The special order will take its
place.
Mr. TOOMBS. The special order is a privi-
leged question.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to postpone the election
case until to-morrow. The basis of that motion
is, that the report has just been printed, and there
is no argument in the report. Being absent during
the holidays, I was not present at the delibera-
tions of the committee, and I should like to read
over the facts stated in the report. The question
is not argued in the report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state to the Senator from Delaware that the
question of privilege has not yet been taken up;
and the Chair has not heard a motion made to
take it up.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the report of
the Committee on the Judiciary be taken up.
Mr. PRATT. I will take any coursc in refer-
ence to considering the subject that the Senator
from Iowa may desire; but I beg leave to sug-
gest to him that it would be better, I think, if he
would suffer it to be postponed until to-morrow.
We have not yet had an opportunity to ascertain
the facts embodied in the report, and, as I under-
stood the Senator from Georgia, the minority of
the committee intended to make a counter report.
Would it not be better that the Senate should be
possessed of the facts, than that we should hear
the argument without a knowledge of the facts
before us ? I merely suggest this to the Senator.
It would certainly be more satisfactory to myself
that 1 should be possessed of all the facts before
voting on the subject.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is no contradiction as
to the facts at all. I present no new fact. I
adopt all the facts stated in the majority report.
It is a mere question of the application of the law,
which I would as readily state ore tenus as in the
shape of a written report. There is no contro-
versy whatever about the facts. They are very
simple, and there is not a controverted one in the
whole case. It is all a matter of record evidence
—the Journals of the Legislature of Iowa. There
is no dispute about that.
Mr. PRATT. We have not had an opportu-
nity to read the report. It has been just now
placed on our tables.
Mr. BUTLER. The question has not yet
been taken up, as I understand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No, sir. It
is moved by the Senator from Iowa that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the report of
the Committee on the Judiciary, on the creden-
tials of the Hon. Jamjes Haklan, Senator from
Iowa.
' The motion was agreed to.
IOWA CONTESTED ELECTION.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to consider
the report; which concludes with a resolution
declaring Mr. Harlan's seat to be vacant.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to postpone the con-
sideration of the report until to-morrow at half
past twelve o'clock. I still think, with due def-
erence to the Senator from Georgia, that though
there is no dispute about the facts, there is a
great deal in the statement of the facts which
requires that Senators should read them in order
to understand the arguments based on them.
There are a great many facts that I consider
irrelevant stated in the report which has been laid
on your tables this morning. I think it right
that Senators should have an opportunity to
make themselves familiar with the facts of the
case, although they are derived from the Journals
of the State Legislature, before the argument is
entered upon. 1 prefer that course for myself
certainly, and I do not think it is an unreasonable
delay, considering that this is a question which
might have been pressed long ago, if it was
deemed necessary. I am willing to go on with
it after an opportunity to examine the report has
been allowed, and continue its consideration until
we arrive at a decision.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope there will be no post-
ponement. I do not wish to insist on a prema-
ture decision of this question. It will be remem-
bered by the Senate, however, that this protest
has been lying on the table of the Senate for
nearly two years. It has been before the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary since, I think, the I6th
of December. I apprehend that all the members
of that committee have had a full opportunity to
examine the facts, if they desired to examine
them. If they may not hitherto have been exam-
ined by the committee, it seems to me it is due
to the State of Iowa that the Senate should take
up the facts and examine them in detail. I will
state, for the information of the Senate, that the
Legislature of Iowa is now in session, having
convened on the first Monday of December. Its
constitutional session is fifty days, and it seems
to me this question should be disposed of before
the adjournment of that body. It is on this
account that I insist on the Senate considering
the question now.
Mr. TOOMBS. How many days are there
remaining of the session of the Legislature ?
Mr. HARLAN. About twenty days I think.
Mr. BUTLER. I believe, sir, that it is- due
to the Senator from Iowa, and certainly due to
his State, that the case should be taken up at as
early a period as possible. The Committee on
the judiciary have had four or five meetings, in
which the subject has been very fully discussed,
and we have had some divisions upon it. In my
opinion the subject might as well have been at
once addressed to the body of the Senate origin-
ally, as have gone through the hands of the com-
mittee; for, with a delicacy which I hope will
be understood by the member from Iowa, the
majority of the committee have forborne to say
anything that would make an impression upon
the body beyond what the facts themselves make,
and in that view-they can be as well under-
stood in five minutes as five days. I think it is
due to the Senator that the case should be de-
cided at once. I found it difficult to get the com-
mittee together, although the subject was pre-
sented on the, 16th of December. I should regret
a postponement for so long a period as, to embar-
rass either the gentleman or his Legislature. I
think it ought to be taken up now; I have_but
very little to say on the subject.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no desire to postpone
the question with a view to delay its decision.
On the contrary, I am willing, if it shall be taken
up to-morrow, to sit it out on that day, even if
to do so compels us to sit until twelve o'clock at
night; but I wish to read over the facts. The
question must be discussed. There is a differ-
ence of opinion in the committee, I understand.
I was not present when the report was made. It
involves a difference of opinion on a legal ques-
tion among the members of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, ana will probably involve the same dif-
ference before the Senate upon a discussion. I
am perfectly willing to keep that discussion con-
tinuous "until the case is disposed of; but I can-
not see the necessity for the extraordinary haste
exhibited in pressing; it to-day when the report
has just been printed.
Mr. BIGLER. I beg to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Delaware, that we proceed to the con-
sideration of this question. It will be discussed .
undoubtedly. Those representing the majority
of the committee will present their view, and the
Senator from Iowa will present his. Perhaps,
when we have progressed that far in the discus-
sion, the Senator from Delaware will be satisfied
that there is no necessity for a postponement of
the subject. If not, it seems to me that then the
question of postponement will more properly be
considered.
Mr, BAYARD. If the Senate desires to pro-
