1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
290
ceed with the subject, I do not object, I make
the motion to postpone it.
The motion was not agreed to.
The Secretary commenced to read the report
of the Committee on the Judiciary, submitted by
Mr. Butler yesteiday.
Mr. PUGH. Much of the record that is in
the report, as the Senator from Delaware has
said, is irrelevant. It seems to me, that by a
statement of the chairman of the committee, and
of my friend from Georgia, the questions of fact
can be related to the Senate in three or four min-
utes, and the Senators then, with the report in
their hands, can refer to the paragraphs, and we
shall save the Secretary and the Senate the trouble
-of having all these formal proceedings read.
There is, among other things in the report, a
•statute law of Iowa, some sections of which are
not relevant and some are. It seems to me it
would be better to dispense with the reading of
the report, and let my friend the chairman pro-
ceed with a statement of the views of the majority
of the committee.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not think it necessary to
read it. I assure the Senate I shall make but
very few remarks on this subject; and perhaps,
to save time, it would be better that I should con-
clude what 1 have to say after I have heard the
views of others against the report. I am willing
to waive the reading of the report.
The reading of the report was dispensed with.
Mr. BUTLER. As I have before said, Mr.
President, this case is not without its difficulties.
It certainly does involve, in my opinion, grave
considerations affecting the organization of the
Federal and State governments. I do not say that
I am so far wedded to my opinions that I would
not readily change them; but I am sure that the
gentleman from Iuwa will understand me fairly
when I declare that I really stand in a condi-
tion of indifFcreney so far as regards the effect
which the decision of the question may have
on him, or any person who wants his seat. I
have not had that consideration in my view one
way or the other; and I believe it has not had the
influence of the weight of a hair on any member
of the committee. The points gro.wing out of this
contested election involve very important prin-
ciples, as the Senate will perceive before the
debate is exhausted.
The Legislature of the State of Iowa consists
of two legislative bodies defined by their consti-
tution, viz: a Senate and a House of Represent-
atives. The Senators hold their term for a longer
period than the members of the House of Repre-
sentatives; they are fewer in number, and are
recognized by the constitution as a separate and
distinct part of that Legislature. The House of
Representatives, being the more numerous body,
in matters of election, of course, must always have
the preponderating influence. The manner in
which they are to be called together must depend,
as the committee believe, as much on the expres-
sion of the opinion of the Senate as on the numer-
ical vote of the House of Representatives. Unless
this view be kept in sight, there will be utter
confusion so far as regards the power of electing
by the constitutional Legislature. The committee
have come to the conclusion that this gentleman
has not been duly elected by the Legislature of
Iowa; and now I will proceed to give the facts of
the case.
On the 13th of December, 1854, a message was
sent from the House of Representatives asking
the Senate to concur in a resolution to go into
the election of a United States Senator, and of
supreme judges of the State of low*, on a cer-
tain day. It was amended so as to go into the
election immediately; that is, on the same day,
the 13th of December. The House of Represent-
atives sent a committee to the Senate, informing
the Senate that they were ready to receive that
body; and the President, accompanied by the
Senators, with all the forms usual on such occa-
sions, entered the House of Representatives.
When they entered the House of Representatives
the President of the Senate appointed a teller, and
the Speaker of the House of Representatives an-
other teller. The law required that two tellers
should be appointed—one by each body. In this
way, according to the law which I shall pres-
ently read, I have no doubt that the convention
was organized under the law. They proceeded
to vote, and made eight ineffectual efforts to elect
a United States Senator on that day. They had
three or four adjournments; but now remark —
what may be important in the case — whenever
they adjourned it was on the annunciation of the
President of the Senate, who was the presiding
officer of this convention. When an adjournment
was announced, it was announced for a particular
day — sometimes the day following, sometimes
three or four days afterwards. Whenever the
Senate was called into the hall of the House of
Representatives, it was invariably called by in-
tercommunication between the two Houses, and
the Senate, headed by their President, entered the
House of Representatives, and formed the con-
vention. Such had been the usage, as well as I
can understand from these papers.
On the 6th of January, 1855, the convention
adjourned to meet in the House of Representa-
tives, at ten o'clock, on the next morning; but
when ten o'clock arrived, and a committee from
the House of Representatives made their com-
munication to the Senate, inviting that body to
go into the House and form this convention, the
Senate had adjourned, and there was no Senate
for that day. The committee on the part of the
House of Representatives announced to the House
that the Senate had adjourned, and they could
not serve the notice upon it. An order was then
made that the Sergeant-at-Arms or some of the
officers should summon the Senators—not the
Senate eo nomine, but should go out into the tav-
erns, and summon the Senators. Senators were
summoned, and a minority of the senatorial body
was present, but not a quorum of that body.
The President of the Senate was superseded by
the election of President pro tempore; and the
President pro tempore appointed a teller different
from the teller who had theretofore been regarded
as the teller of the Senate and one of the judges
of the election. Under these circumstances, it
was determined by the House-ef Representatives,
which had a majority, with a few Senators there
who I suppose agreed with thgm in party prin-
ciple, to go into an election. That was agreed
to by this meeting, or convention, as it was called.
I should say it was more a mass meeting than an
organized body, according to any proper idea of
" the Legislature," foritslegislative components
were not there; the Senate was not there in a
body, nor was there a quorum of the Senate there.
In fact, the election was made by the House of
Representatives, with a few Senators, and those
Senators were not brought there by any commu-
nication with the Senate as a body—as a compo-
nent part of the Legislature of Iowa; so that they
were brought into the election by this mode, as I
think, decidedly against all precedent.
But it has been contended that the act of the
Legislature of Iowa, previously passed, so far
regulated the conduct of this joint convention as
to give it a separate, independent existence, and
enable it to survive the Legislature, and be supe-
rior to the Legislature in respect to the functions
to be performed in connection with the election.
If the Senate should come to that conclusion, be
it so; but I say there is not in any State of the
Union any precedent of the kind. I have looked
to some of the commentaries on the Constitution
of the United States, and I find that Mr. Justice
Kent, and Mr. Justice Story, and all those who
have written upon the Constitution, have said
that the Legislature ought, in fact, to have exer-
cised this very high function of electing United
States Senators by concurrent majorities. That
was the old rule.
Mr. PUGH. My friend will allow me to inter-
rupt him. Judge Story and Mr. Rawle express
no opmiort on the question at all. Chancellor
Kent says that would be his opinion if it were a
new question, but it was settled otherwise.
Mr. BUTLER. I was going to say that it was
settled otherwise.
Mr. PUGH. I wished merely to correct the
Senator in reference to the opinion of Judge
Story.
Mr. BUTLER. How far he may have given
an opinion I do not know, but 1 have stated the
view of an eminent commentator. That, how-
ever, has nothing to do with the subject now. I
am only going to put the matter in such a way
that the Senate can understand it by its progress.
The usage has obtained in all the States, that bv
the invitation of one body and the concurrence
of the other, the two Houses go into a joint
meeting, and the two Houses then vote per capita,
the Senate putting in its votes with the House,
not in alphabetical order as in this case, but the
Senate first voting, or the House first votings as
separate bodies. In this case, however, an act
was passed which seemed to look to a different
state of things, and a different mode of conduct*
ing an election of this kind. I will now, for the
instruction of the Senate, ask the Secretary to
read that act. Everything perhaps depends on
its fair construction. It was passed in 1847.
The Secretary read the act, viz:
An act to provide for the erection of United States Sena-
tors and other officers.
Section* 1. Be it enacted by the General Assembly of the
State of Iowa, That at each and eVery regular session of
the General Assembly of this State, next pieceding the
expiration of the constitutional term of service of a United
States Senator, or at any session when a vacancy shall
exist, at an hour to be designated by a resolution of either
branch, with the concurrence of the other branch of the
General Assembly, the members of both Houses thereof
shall meet in convention m the Hall of the House of Rep-
resentatives, for the purpose of electing a Senator or Sen-
ators by joint vote, in pursuance of the Constitution of the
United States, to represent this State in the Senate of the
United States.
Sec. 2. The President of the Senate, or, in his absence,
the Speaker of the House of Representatives, shall preside
over the deliberations of the convention; and, in the ab-
sence of both, a President pro tempore shall be appointed
by joint vote.
Sec. 3. At any time prior to meeting in convention as
aforesaid, after the time for meeting has been designated
as aforesaid, each branch of the General Assembly shall
appoint one teller, and the two tellers thus appointed shall
act as judges of the election.
Sec. 4. The Secretary of the Senate and the Chief Clerk
of the House of Representative* shall each keep a fair and
correct record of the proceedings of the convention, which
shall be entered upon the Journals of each branch of the
General Assembly. The Chief Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives shall act as secretary to the convention.
Sec. 5. The names of the members of the General As-
sembly shall be ai ranged by the Secretary in alphabetical
order, and each member shall vote m the order in which
his name stands when thus arranged.
Sec. 6. When the convention shaJi be organized as afore-
said, the members present shall proceed to choose viva
voce a Senator or Senatois, as the case may be, to repre-
sent tins State in the Senate of the United States. The
name of the person voted for, and of the members voting,
shall be entered in writing by the tellers, who shall, after
the Secretary shall have called the names of the members
a second time, and the name of the person for which each
member has voted, report to the President of the conven-
tion the number of votes given for each candidate.
Sec. 7, If neither of the candidates shall receive the
votes of a majority of the members present, a second poll
may be taken ; and so from time to time, until some one of
the candidates shall receive a majority of the votes of the
members present.
Sec. 8. If the election shall not be completed at the first
meeting, the President shall adjourn the convention when-
ever and to such time as a majority of the members then
present shall determine; and so from time to time, until
some one of the candidates shall receive a majority as
aforesaid.
Sec. 9. When any person shall have received a majority
of the votes aforesaid, the President of the convention shall
declare him to be duly elected a Senator to represent this
State in the Senate of the United States ; and he shall, in
the presence of the members of both Houses, fign two cer-
tificates of election, attested by the tellers—one of which
he shall transmit to the Governor, and the remaining one
shall be preserved among the recoids of the convention,
and entered at length on the Journals of each House ot the
General Assembly.
Sec. 10. Upon the reception of said certificate, the Gov-
ernor shall cause a credential to be made out, with the
great seal of the State affixed thereto, and cauce it to be
delivered to such Senator elect, which credential shall be
in form following:
[Here follows the form of the credential.]
Mr. BUTLER. The validity of that act of
Iowa, passed in 1847, some eight years before
this election took place, entirely depends on this
clause of the Constitution of the United States:
" The times, places, ajjd manner of holding flections for
Senators and Representatives, shall be prescribed in each
State by the Legislature thereof; but the Congress, may at
any time by law make or alter such regulations, except as
to the place of choosing Senators."
Now, as to the time, place, and manner of
holding elections the Legislature has a right to
prescribe them; but the Legislature has not a
constitutional competency, as the majority of the
committee contend, to make any prescriptions
that interfere with the constitutional organization
of the Legislature in voting. The ground taken
on the other side, as I understand it, is that this
convention having once assembled, it was to all
intents and purposes an amalgamation of the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives of Iowa, indis-
soluble except by the voice of the convention
itself; that is, in other words, it was a body
formed under this aet to continue perpetually
until it made an election, and the Senate bad no
