242
THE CONdiysSlONkLf(Jll(f^E.
January 6,
on a list arranged alphabetically, mixing up mem^
bers of the House and members of the Senate.
The roll is called alphabetically, aa a roll of the
members of the joint convention.
Mr. BIGLER. Then one House may become
"the .Legislature," in the sense of the Constitu-
to°Mr. TOOMBS. No such consequence results.
The election of a Senator is not a legislative act.
Mr. PUSH. When they meet in joint con-
tention they are no longer Senators and Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. TOOMBS. They are Senators and Rep-
resentatives discharging a duty imposed on them
by virtue of that capacity, but it is not an act of
. legislation. As I before intimated, there would
no judges here to try tins case, if the principle
held on the other side be carried to its legitimate
consequences, because half the Senators here do,
and every one may, sit in this body with the
■votes of a majority of one branch of the Legis-
lature of his State against him. I say every Sen-
ator may sit in this body against a majority of
one branch of the Legislature, but not against a
majority of the whole number of electors. ' If
there is a majority of one branch against a quali-
fied person who is elected, that branch has not
agreed to bis election. Possibly this may be the
ease in the election of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania himself. I know it is true of many Sen-
ators here. There are many cases where one
branch of the Legislature did not assent to the
election, either by a resolution of the body or by
the act of its individual members.
Mr. BAYARD. Allow me to ask the honor-
able Senator to specify any casein which a mem-
ber has held a seat in this body, where it appeared
to the Senate that there was a majority of cither
branch of the Legislature against him ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I believe that is the case with
both my friends from Virginia—not in regard to
their last election; but, I think, at their first elec-
tion there was a majority of the State Senate
against them. I know that case has frequently
happened in Virginia and other States, and it
' may happen any day. I will ask the Senator
flora Virginia whether that is not the truth as to
his election ?
Mr. HUNTER. What is the point ?
Mr. TOOMBS. The point is, whether, if the
House of Delegates in Virginia has a larger
majority for an individual than the Senate has
against him, be is not elected to the Senate of the
United States, according to the law of that State ?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir.
1 Mr. BAYARD. The Senator from Georgia,
" perhaps, did not understand my point. I put the
case in this way: whether any instance has ever
occurred in which, on the election returns,'it
appeared that a majority of one body of the Legis-
= lature at the time and place of election was op-
' posed to the candidate who was declared to be
elected? What previous opinions may have ex-
isted is not the question. I presume the rule is
familiar to every member of this body, that if
there is a quorum present, and five vote, and the
others do not oppose it, their choice is considered
as the choice of- the majority, and the others are
considered as assenting. On that basis I sup-
pose this case must rest. There is no instance
as far as I know—if there be, I should like to
have it specified—in which it hag appeared that a
majority of either body of the Legislature, at the
time and place of election, voted against the in-
dividual said to be elected.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have heard many cases of
that kind. I understand that Mr. Cooper, the
predecessor of the Senator from Pennsylvania
who put the question to me, was elected under
precisely that state of facts. I think it has fre-
quently occurred in Virginia. They may happen
in my State, or in New York. I would ask the
Senator from New York what is the practice
there ?
Mr. SEWARD. By the law of the State of
New York, the two Houses meet in their re-
spective Chambers on the day appointed for the
election. Each House nominates, and then they
go into joint meeting, and if they find that the
nominations of the two Houses agree, the person
in whose name they have concurred is declared
Senator elect; but if there is not a concurrence,
flwy are all resolved into one body, and vote per
capita, and the person having a majority of the
whole is elected, although a majority of one
House or'the other is against him.
Mr. BAYARD. Perhaps I had better put my
question in a different form. The point involved
in it is, in my judgment, the point on which this
case turns. My inquiry was, whether any Sen-
ator ever took his seat in this body where a ques-
tion was made, and it appeared that, at the time
and place of election, a quorum of both branches
of the Legislature was not present?
Mr. BUTLER. There has never been such a
case.
Mr. BAYARD. I consider that, when the
Senate go into a joint convention, and are there
by a quorum, they assent to the action of a ma-
jority, no matter how they may individually
vote.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not know whether there
has been such a case as that. I suppose nobody
ever raised so plain a question. I do not suppose
such a question ever was raised, though it has
often occurred; but the case the Senator put to
me I know may happen in three fourths of the
States of the Union, and must have happened
fifty times. It may happen at any time in my
own State, and I presume in most others. The
idea of the Senators from Delaware and Penn-
sylvania seems to be, that a choice by the Legis-
lature requires the concurrence of the two bodies;
or if we had a third body, as they had in France,
composed of the clergy, or any other body with
whom legislative power would be shared by the
other two bodies, their concurrence also would be
requisite. Their position is, that there must be a
concurrence of as many Houses as compose the
Legislature, whether one, or two, or three, or
thirty. I take it, on the other hand, that the plain
meaning of the Constitution, as it has been uni-
formly acted on from the formation of the Govern-
ment until now, is, that the word " Legislature,"
as used in this clause of the Constitution, means
the members elected to the Legislature. These
persons, as representatives of the people in their
local Legislature's, were made electors for this
purpose. Why not? Is' it requisite that the
Senate and House shall assent separately? Is the
election of a Senator a legislative act ? In some
sense the Executive in many of the States may
be considered as part of the legislative power,
because an act cannot be passed without his as-
sent, unless by a two-thirds vote; yet nobody
supposes a Governor's concurrence to be neces-
sary.
The whole question, as I stated in the begin-
ning, turns on the point, whether this law of
Iowa to which I have alluded conforms to the
Constitution? The gentlemen are nibbling at
that point, although they have not taken firm
hold of it. The law of Iowa says, the election
shall be made by the members of her Legisla-
ture. _ She puts that construction upon the Con-
stitution. Her supreme judges sit by that author-
ity. I concur with her, that the members com-
posing the Legislature, in whom is vested the
legislative authority of the State, are the indi-
vidual electors of a Senator of the United States.
Mr. BUTLER. Do I understand my friend
to say, that by an act of the Legislature passed
eight years before the Legislature is required to
perform this function, it could delegate to the
House of Representatives alone the oower to
make an election ? '
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not contend for any such
thing. Thepower to elect aSenatoris delegated to
all the membersin whom the legislative authority
is vested—not to a part of them. They may or
may not exercise it. They may refuse to vote;
they may vote blank, as has been done in many
cases. Whether the Legislature, by the State con-
stitution, consists of one branch or two branches,
all the members composing the body or bodies
in whom the legislative authority is vested, are
the persons to perform this duty under the Con-
stitution; and it is not in the power of a Legis-
lature, sitting eight years ago, or at any other
time, to take away this right from any of them—
not a single one, or to confer it upon any number
less than the whole, or to any other persons
whatsoever; but every State Legislature has the
express power to prescribe the mode in which
llus- power shall be exercised, and it is obligatory
until repealed. I believe some few of the New
England States are the only exceptions to this
rule, but 1 cannot say this positively, for consti-
tutions in this country are changed so often that
you must read them once a month — once a year
will not do—to learn the various changes to which
they are subjected.
Mr, BUTLER. Make an exception of South
Carolina. We never change.
Mr. TOOMBS. But your stability has been
made a cause of reproach; it is said you have not
a free government. [Laughter.] Now, afterthis
digression, caused by the questions which gen-
tlemen have put to me, I come to the other points
of objection. After this, joint convention was
formed under the law of Iowa, 'was it necessary
that the State Senate should have any other no-
tice than they had, by their concurrence in an
adjournment to a particular hour ? If any other
notice was necessary, how comes it that there ia
nothing in the Constitution of the United States—
nothing in the law of Iowa requiring it? Where,
then, do you derive the necessity for it?
Another objection which is raised, not by the
Senate of Io^va, but by the Committee on the
Judiciary, is that the Senate not being at the
meeting of the convention, the President of the
Senate not being present to preside, nobody else
could. The law, however, says, that in the ab-
sence of the President of the Senate, the Speaker
of the House should preside. The Speaker was in
the chair; he put the questions; he did preside.
During the meeting it was moved that there be a
President pro tempore; and, to cure the difficulty
as much as possible, both the Speaker of the
House and the President pro tempore signed all
the proceedings. We have the signature of the
rightful and lawful officer, the Speaker of the
House. The signature of the president pro tem-
pore is merely surplusage. There can be no dif-
ficulty on this point.
There is another provision of the law which,
it is said, was not enforced. When th6 two
Houses met on the first morning of the joint con-
vention, the President of the Senate and the
Speaker of the House each appointed a teller.
Those tellers continued to act from the 15th of
December until the 6th of January, the Saturday
when the election was completed. Then the Sen-,
ate did not go to the convention, and its teller,being
one of the members of the Senate, did not go,
and another one was appointed by the joint con-
vention. The tellers, the Senator from South
Carolina says, were declared judges of the elec-
tion. Ail their duties are prescribed, and they
are only ministerial; none of them are neces-
sary to the .validity of the election. They could
not judge of the qualifications of the electors.
According to the constitution of Iowa, which ia
beforeme—and it is also a part of the organic struc-
ture of all legislative bodies—each House is the
judge of the qualifications and election and return 3
of the members of its own body. Who the mem-
bers of the Legislature were must be determined
by each House respectively; and when they were
admitted to be the members of the Legislature,
they were, by virtue thereof, the persons whose
duty it was to elect a Senator. The sole function
of the tellers was to count the votes, report, and
certify. The law provides for calling the names
alphabetically, and the tellers were to put down
the name of each member and the person for
whom he voted; and then the tellers were to
count the votes, and simply add up the figures.
Mr. PRATT. Permit me to ask the Senator
a question for information? The Constitution
prescribes that Senators shall be elected by the
Legislatures of the States. A part of the argu-
ment of my friend from Georgia which does not
entirely accord with my judgment, and on which
I desire information, is this: Suppose no member
of the Senate were present in the convention,
would the Legislature have been there ? The
Constitution says that the Legislature shall elect
a Senator. Now, would the convention of Iowa
be composed of the Legislature of Iowa if there
was not a Senator of that State there ? This i3
- the only part of the argument on which I have a
doubt.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have no doubt of that at all.
It is not the case here; but after the jointconven-
tion was legally constituted their presence is pre-
sumed; and whether they are there or not cannot
affect the question as long as there is a quorum.
The Senate and House having met in joint con-
vention, they are to be considered as being there
all the time in legal construction. They agree to
