1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$4$
constitute themselves a convention, and the law-
gave that convention power to perpetuate its own
existence, without reference to the action of the
respective Houses, Having, under such circum-
stanccs, agreed to go into a convention, and
having met in convention, I say that, in contem-
plation of law, they are to be considered as being
there to the last moment; and whether one indi-
vidual member is present or absent, or whether
any number of individuals are absent or present,
provided a quorum remains, makes no difference.
A quorum of the whole number being present,
they are a joint conventioncf both Houses, con-
stituted by the act of each House, under that law.
*The fact is, that when this election was made,
a large number of Senators, although a minority,
were present. The absence of those who were
not present did not vitiate the election; but I
acknowledge that the presence of a majority of
the whole number of electors was requisite—that
is, a majority of the persons in whom the legis-
lative power was vested,
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to understand my
- friend on this subject, and to understand myself
too, for I do not know that I do so fully. Will
he go so far as to say that that convention having
once assembled could, by an indefinite adjourn-
ment, survive the session of the Legislature,
which session was limited to fifty days under
the constitution of Iowa?
Mr. TOOMBS. That question cannot arise
under this law, for it says that the election shall
be made at the session of the Legislature next
preceding the expiration of the senatorial term.
The election must take place during the session
of the Legislature. My friend from South Car-
olina is raising a question which is not involved
in this case. The Legislature was in session-, it
was o regular session—the session next preceding
the expiration of the scnatoual term. They did
legally constitute themselves into a joint conven-
tion. Nobody can dispute that. Then I say
the law of Iowa gave them the right to continue
their existence as a convention. I do not care
what became of the other individual members as
long as there was a majority of that joint con-
vention thus constituted present. It was a mode
of election which Iowa hud a right to prescribe;
and whoever was elected by a majority of a quo-
rum of that convention is a Senator of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr, BENJAMIN. The honorable Senator
from Georgia has been interrupted so often that
I feel that it is scarcely courteous to ask him to
yield the floor again; but I beg him to permit me
to put a question to him.
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly.
Mr. BENJ AMIN. The Constitution provides
explicitly that the Senator shall be elected by the
Legislature. The constitution of Iowa provides
thaf the legislative power of that State shall be
vested in a Senate and House of Representatives.
Now, it is true, under the Constitution, that the
Legislature of every State has the power of de-
termining the time and place and manner of elect-
ing Senators; but, in so determining, it appears
tome they must do so in subordination to the.
express direction of the Constitution of the United
States. They cannot determine that the election
©hall be held at such time and in such manner as
that it shall not be hold by the Legislature. The
Senator's argument is perfectly good fts to the
point that this convention, legally formed, can
continue in existence as a convention. He has
made that clear; but the point on which I think
, his argument fails, and on which I should like to
hear him, is this: When that convention fails to
be a convention of the Senate arid House of Rep-
resentatives, it no longer has the legislative power
of the State of Iowa, and is therefore not such a
body as, under the terms of the Constitution of
the United States, can elect a Senator. That is
the difficulty.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator comes round in
a circle to the very question which I have been
arguing. The principle of his argument is, that
the concurrence of a quorum—that is, a majority
.of each branch of the Legislature—is necessary to
a legal election. My friend's argument leads to
that result.
Mr. BENJAMIN Yes.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have already admitted that
no other persons except those in whom the legis-
lative power is vested by the State constitution
can perform this duty, and that none such can be
deprived by State legislation of this right, but
that the majority of them may exercise it, if in
conformity with State law; but that a majority
of both branches is not necessary, and that this
last point has been settled by the practice of sixty
years. The Senator from Delaware mooted that
point, and I attempted to show by the Senator
from New York and the Senator from Virginia,
and by reference to my own State, that the con-
currence of both branches is not required. The
practice of all the States in the Union, with the
exception of three or four in New Englaud, is,
that the concurrence of both branches is not re-
quired, but simply a majority of the whole. In
my judgment, that is the meaning of the Consti-
tution: certainly such has been the contempora-
neous exposition of it from 1789 until to-day"
The proposition of the Senator from Louisiana
is the same as that of the Senator from Delaware,
and it finally results in declaring that more than
a majority of this body are not entitled to their
seats, but have been unconstitutionally elected.
The predecessor of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania was elected against a majority of one body,
but by a majority of the whole. Perhaps that
was the case in regard to his own election.
Mr. BIGLER. No, sir; such was not the case
in reference to my election, though it was in
regard to the ex-Senator to whom the gentleman
refers. I wish to say that that point is entirely
immaterial. I presume there is no difference of
opinion as to the fact that a Senator could be
elected in a properly-constituted convention, with-
out receiving the votes of a majority of each
branch of the Legislature. There is no difficulty
whatever on that point; but can a Senator be
elected where each body is not represented by a
majority? The Constitution of the United States
provides that the Senator shall be elected by the
Legislature. The constitution of Iowa describes
what constitutes the Legislature of Iowa. Now,
according to the facts stated by the Senator himself,
one branch of that Legislature was not present.
The Senate met, and adjourned, and did not go
to that convention. That was the point on which
I wished to be clear. I beg the Senator's pardon
for having interrupted him. I have done so
simply because I desired information. I have
listened to him with great pleasure.
Mr. CLAY. I understand there was not a
quorum of the Senate present.
Mr. TOOMBS. There was not, and that is
the whole point of the case. A majority of the
Senate were opposed to going into an election—
a majority of one. They were of different politics
from the majority of the General Assembly. The
legislative power m Iowa irf vested in the General
Assembly. A majority of the General Assembly
was present, but a majority of one of the branches
of that General Assembly were opposed to the j
majority of the General Assembly, and would j
not join in this election. That is the whole case. ;
There is no difficulty about the facts. \-
The sole argument against the sitting member j
seems to stand on a play upon the word " Legis-'
lature." The Legislatme is to elect. Well, who 1
are the Legislature ? I must refer to this point,
a^ain, for it is put to mo from all sides, although
I shall have to repeat the argument. I suy
that the Legislature, whose duty it was to make 1
this election, consisted of the persons elected by j
the people of Iowa to serve in one branch or the I
other of their General Assembly. A law passed ,
by the Legislature, m order to be valid, requires !
the concurrent action of both "branches in a par- |
ticular way; but Iowa could merge the two bodies i
into one. The members of the Legislature were _
the persons who had legislative power, and if ;
there had been nothing m the Constitution to i
prevent it, the Legislature could have merged
itself mlo one bod y by a simple'resolution like
that by which the National Assembly was made
out of the three estates at the beginning of the
French revolution. The law of iowa has made
them one body for this purpose. Iowa has done
this in the exercise of a clear constitutional right.
I ask gentlemen to point me to the difficulties in
the way. The Legislature of Iowa, possessing
broad, unrestricted, plenary power of prescribing
how this duty sho"uid be exercised, prescribed
that it should be done m joint convention. The
distinctive characters of the two Houses of the
legislature were recognized in going into that
convention, though that, in my judgment, wfrs
not necessary. But'I am arguingoiV'the law.
The law of io\^ required it, -and it was done
under this law. ;
But 1 take a bro&der view of this question, t
say it is a mere fancy, unreal, unsubstantial, to
talk of the Legislature as distinct from the per-
sons in whom legislative power is vested. Each
member has one vote, whether he be a Senator or
a Representative. Every Legislature in the Union
votes in this way for Senators of the United States-.
Such was the cotemporaneous exposition of thfc
Constitution. In most of the States each member
of both Houses has only one vote; but in Con-
necticut and some other New England States the
concurrent action of both Houses is required; so
that if there be forty majority one way in the
House, and a majority of one on the other side
in the Senate, an election may be prevented. It
is perfectly competent for a Legislature to make
such a provision as this, because the constitu-
tional power to prescribe the mode of election is
unrestricted. Iowa has determined that this shall
not be her mode of -election, and she has a right
so- to declare. She has determined that her Legis-
lature, in the performance of this duty, shall act
in joint convention.
When this joint convention was once assem-
bled, no act of the members of the Senate could
keep the majority of the General Assembly,
which had, under the Constitution, the right-to
elect a Senator, from discharging this duty. It
appears, from the record in this case, that a ma-
jority of the whole General Assembly were pres-
ent. But that is not all. I should hold, on that
state of facts, that a majority of a quorum would
have been sufficient to elect the sitting member?
but he received a majority of the votes of all the
persons who, under the law of Iowa, had a right
to vote. The members of the General Assembly
were the persons to elect him. They were the
electors. A majority of them said—at the time
and phice and in the manner prescribed by law-
he shall be our Senator.
Sir, in the early history of this Government*
adhering more strictly to the forms under the train-
ing of the common law and of parliamentary rules,
we oftentimes permitted slight irregularities1 to
defeat the popular will—the will of those who had
the right to vote; but the other branch of the
Legislature of the United States, taking broader,
clearer, sounder, and, I will say, more enlightened
views of these questions, have looked, day by
day, more at the substance and less at the forms
of "proceedings; they have directed their inquiries
more and more to the fact of whether or not the
person claiming the office of a representative of
the people is sent to them by the lawful votes-of
a majority of the qualified electors, and have
thereby wrested from fraud and chicanery its most
cfreciive weapons, and vindicated the right,even
at the expense of forms. Here the members of
the Legislature voted viva voce, and a majority of
both branches together, not of each separately-—
a majority of the whole number of those who had
a ri'^hl to elect him, sent the sitting member here.
Vou have the substance of an election. The
question is, whether the factious conduct of a
lew men who were elected to the Senate of Iowa,
and who ought to be condemned by the people,
and not countenanced by this body, shall by
illegal conduct prevent the exercise of their con-
stitutional rights and duties by a majority of the
Legislature, or defeat their legally declared #ill?
They never shall by my vote. That is the great
fact, the fundamental fact of this case. The men
whose will could send a Senator here by the Con-
stitution and laws have sent the sitting member
here. No fraud—not even a fault is alleged against
the majority, or the sitting member. Nobddy
pretends that any of the votes given were not
good votes, and that they were not cast by the
persons entitled to cast them. The only allega-
tion is, that the Senate had not its own teller
present. It is a rule of law that no person
avail himself of his own wrong; and I say that
these persons should not be allowed to avail
themselves of their own wrong to defeat the will
of the people of losva. . - .
Mr. FOOT. The Senator from Georgia haa
seemed to assume a fact that does not exist,
against himself and against his argument. In
point of fact, the record of the proceedings does
show the presence of a majority of the Senate m
