1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
friend from South Carolina has spoken. The
law requires the President of the Senate to pre-
side over the convention. The President of the
Senate was not present on the last day; and the
joint convention, or the members of it, elected
some other gentleman, Mr. William W. Hamil-
ton, President pro tempore of the Senate. That
I agree was an irregularity. They had no busi-
ness to elect him. Nobody but the Senate sitting
separately could elect a President pro tempore,
and at one time I thought there was some serious
difficulty about it; but on turning to the statutes
I found that in the absence of the President of
the Senate, the Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives should be President of the joint
convention. The record says:
" The President of the Senate &ti!I being absent,
'• Tlie Speaker of the House of Representatives in his
chair, and the Clerk of the House of Representatives acting
as socreiary of the joint convention''—
I consider this gentleman who assumed to be
President of the Senate as of no more conse-
quence than if they had brought in an effigy or a
stick of wood, and set it up there. He did no
good, and did no harm. He was a nonentity
ill every sense. The Speaker of the House of
Representatives was the true President of the
convention, and the record says he sat.in his
chair.
Mr. BUTLER. Who could adjourn the con-
vention ?
ilr. PUGH. There was no adjournment, but
they went on to vote. One thing is evident: a
question of order was raised during the session,
and the Speaker of the House of Representatives
made the decision. Hero it is on the record:
" Tiie Speaker announced that, a majoiity of the mem-
beis of the General Assembly being present, there was a
quoium of the joint convention now convened puisuant to
adjournment."
That was the Speaker's decision.
Mr. BUTLER. Who took charge of the con-
vention after that ?
Mr. PUGH. The record does not show that
anybody did. They had nothing to do but vote.
They were now to proceed to a vote. What else
was to be done ? The presiding officer of that
convention %vas to sign the certificate, and the
Speaker did sign it. It is recorded on the min-
utes of the House, and on the minutes of the
joint convention, with his signature. He did
every act, and it was not avoided by the addition
of this gentleman who called himself President
pro tempore of the Senate—not a bit more than if
it had been certified by any one else.
There was another difficulty which also gave
me very great trouble. The act of the Legisla-
ture of Iowa required that after the interchange
of messages to go into a joint convention, each
House separately should appoint a teller, the
object being, I suppose, to preserve, in that par-
ticular, the independence of the two branches—
that each branch should appoint one of the
judges of election. The teller of the Senate did
not attend on the last day; he was not there. I
confess at one time I thought that was a fatal
difficulty; but subsequent reflection induced me
to change my opinion, and I will state to the
Senate, as briefly as I can, the reason.
In the first place, although the statute requires
that the tellers shall be chosen by the bodies sep-
arately after the interchange of messages before
they go into convention, yet in point of fact that
has never been the usage. On the first day of
the convention, which was confessedly a good
one, because all the Senators and all the Repre-
sentatives were present, ir tead of appointing the
teller in the House, and then another teller in the
Senate, after the interchange of messages, and
before they came together, no teller was ap-
pointed in factuntil after they had come together,
and then they were not appointed by the Houses,
but by the respective presiding officers. The
record says so:
The President appointed Mr. Workman teller on the
part of the Senate. The Speaker appointed Mr. Kmert on
the part of the House."
That is the construction of their own statute
made without dissent by the whole Legislature,
and I give to each State the right to construe its
own statutes. They practically construed them
before the question arose. What further? To
he sure the statute says the teller shall be judge
of the election, but it goes on to say what his
duties are, and it names them all, and he has no
more, whether you call him a judge, or a duke,
or a general, or what not. His duty is all here,
and what is it?
" The names of the members of the General Assembly
shall be arranged by the Secretary in alphabetical order,
and each member shall vote in the order in which his
name rtands when thus arranged.
" When the convention shall be organized as aforesaid,
the members present shall proceed to choose viva voce a
Senator or Senators, as the case may be, to represent this
State in the Senate of the United States. The name of the
person voted for, and of the members voting, shall be en-
tered m writing by the tellers, who shall, alter the Sec-
retary shall have called the names of the members a second
time, and the name of the person for which each member
has voted, report to the President of the convention the
number of votes given for each candidate."
That is the whole duty of the tellers. As the
Senator from Georgia well said, they cannot pass
on the qualification of the electors themselves.
That has been settled in each House separately,
before going into convention. They are simply,
as each man's name is called, to announce his
vote, to set it down, and then they are not trusted
with that. They have to rise up, and read the
list in the hearing of the whole convention; and
after it is all ascertained to be right, and nobody
objects, then they report to the presiding officer,
and the presiding officer, whether President of
the Senate, or Speaker of the House, announces
the result.
I say, that this being a right reserved to the
Senate in its own capacity, for its own protection,
if the Senate by its own conduct defeats that act—
if its teller, who is but one man after all, chooses
to walk off about his business, he cannot defeat
the rights of the rest of the General Assembly;
and if the Senate refuses to appoint a teller in
his place, and he disobeys his plain duty and
legal obligation, the Senate cannot complain of
the lack of that formality. It is a matter of di-
rection. It does not go to the substance. The
substance is, as stated in this record, that the
requisite number of persons entitled under the
law to vote for a Senator met together at the time
and place appointed by law, and that they pro-
ceeded, a majority of all the members of the
Legislature, to vote for Mr. Harlan; and that
they came as near the literal execution of the
law as they could on account of the misconduct
of those who ought to have been present and
assisting. We have the substance of the election.
I will illustrate my meaning. Here to-day is
an election for a member of the other House, and
certain individuals are named as judges of the
election. The electors assemble at the proper
place, at the proper time, and they are all ready
to vote; and if three men, called magistrates, ob-
stinately and stubbornly refuse to receive any
votes, cannot the people organize, elect their own
judges, and cast their own votes? Are they to
be at the mercy of men whether you call them
magistrates or judges, or tellers, or not? Is it
possible to defeat the will of the constituents of
the other House by the conduct of a few men
designated beforehand as judges ? We must look
through the forms of things to the substanoc. In
sitting on contested elections we must have the
substance of an election. Did the parties au-
thorized to vote, vote ? Did they cumo as near
the law as it was possible for them to come ?
I am bound to say that, looking at the whole
of this case, I see nothing in it but this: there
was an election; those who were entitled to vote
did vote, as many of them as chose. Mr. Har-
.lax had a clear majority of the legal votes; and
an attempt was made—and it succeeded, so far
as some matters of form and direction were con-
cerned—an attempt was made by those opposed
to him in political opinion, to prevent the ma- j
jority from discharging their duty under the |
Constitution and law; and, as the Senator from j
Georgia has well said, 1 have simply to propound j
to myself one other question. Will I adopt, in !
the decision'of this case, the principle, that that
shall be done which ought to be done; that we
shall have power to accomplish what the law
declares to be its object; that we shall endeavor
to look at the substance of the thing rather than |
at the mere form; or shall I say, that the object j
of the law is to leave as many vacant seats in the |
Senate, or any oth^j* legislative body, as possi- j
ble,'and allow a minority to defeat the law—to j
betray their own public trust merely for the sake
of partisan advantage ? That question I have I
but one way to answer: I "think the sitting mem-
ber is entitled to his seat, and I shall so vote.
Mr. GEYER, Mr. President, as a member
of the committee concurring in the majority
report, I propose to submit in a few woras the-
reasons on which my opinion is founded, pre-
mising, that if I could have brought myself to a
conclusion favorable to the right of the sitting
member under the Constitution, 1 felt very much
inclined to do so, because I saw that he was the
choice of a majority of those who were at the
time authorized to give the votes. But I found,
upon an examination of the Constitution, that I
could not reconcile myself to the validity of that
election, and I felt bound to concur with the
majority in making this report.
The authority of the Legislature of Iowa is
derived from the Constitution of the United States,
and whatever body of men it is that that Consti-
tution appoints to make the election of a Senator
for the State of Iowa,, cannot be affected by any
local legislation. The language of the Constitu-
tion is:
"The Senate of the United State? fehall be composed of
two Senators from each State, chosen by the Legislature
thereof for six years."
The language is," chosen by the Legislature."
That form of expression occurs, I think, fifteen
or twenty times in the Constitution—perhaps not
so many. " If vacancies happen by resignation
or otherwise during the recess of the Legislature
of any State, the Executive thereof may make
temporary appointments." sc The times, places,
and manner of holding elections for Senators and
Representatives shall be prescribed in each State
by the Legislature thereof." The Legislature of
the United States—that is Congress—shall have
power" to exercise exclusive legislation'* *
** over all places purchased by the consent of the
Legislature of the State in which the same shall be,
for the erection offorts," &c. " Each State shall
appoint,in such manner as the Legislature thereof
may direct, a number of electors of President and
Vice President." "No new State shall be formed
or erected within the jurisdiction of any other
State, nor any State be formed by the junction of
two or more States, or parts of States, without
the consent of the Legislatures of the States con-
cerned, as well as of the Congress," and so on.
In no one of these clauses is the term, "the
Legislature," understood to be the persons who
are the members of the respective Houses consti-
tuting that body.
Now, what reason is there to suppose that the
convention meant anything else in the cmplo'y-
mentof this term in this clause of this Constitution
than what was intended in other clauses—that is,
that body having the legislative power of how-
manysoever branches it was composed? If com-
posed of one branch, that one branch might
choose the Senator. If there were two, or three,
or more, it never could be the choice of the Legis-
lature of that State unless there was a concurrent
action in some form of those several branches.
But is it within the competency of the Legisla-
ture of Iowa, under the fourth section of the first
article of the Constitution, so to dispose of this
election as to vest it anywhere but in the Legis-
lature r The place is exclusively within the con-
trol of the State, but the time and manner of
holding elections are within the power of Con-
gress. Precisely the same measure of power is
given to the Congress of the United States over
that subject as to the State Legislatures. If it
be competent for the State Legislatures so to
arrange the election as to confer it on one branch
entirely, it is competent for Congress also to do
it. If the State of Iowa can resolve its Legisla-
ture into a mass convention in which either
branch is to be extinguished, then it is competent
for Congress also to legislate to the same extent,
and so far from the opposition to this report
being a vindication of State rights, it exposes the
power of the States to the interposition of Con-
gress to an extent that would be alarming.
The honorable Senator from Georgia supposes
that the power of the Senate of Iowa fo prevent
an election under the statute of that State, is an
evil which ought to demand of us the construc-
tion for which he contends. But, Mr. President,
it will be observed that in the argument which ha
has presented here, he maintains that the House
of Representatives may be guilty of the same
factious conduct, and aefcat an election. His
