1857*
THE CONGliESSiP^AI, Q^OBE
Mr. "WELLER., I stated the reason. It is
important that we should have an executive ses-
sion ; the usual hour for adjournment has arrived;
and the Senator from Delaware desires to speak
on the question.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
•reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 6, 1857.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first in
order was the consideration of the President's
annual message, and the motion to refer and print
the same, upon which Mr. Stephens was entitled
to the floor.
Mr. EUSTIS. I ask leave to introduce a bill
of which previous notice has been given.
Mr. THORINGTON. I object, and call for
the regular order of business.
tariff bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire to inquire
of the Speaker what becomes of the special order,
the bill m reference to the tariff?
The SPEAKER. That bill is the special order
for to-day, and may be called up at any time.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. If it is the will
of the House, I have no objection to the bill
being referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the slate of the Union, with the understand-
ing that it shall continue to be the special order
from day to day until disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The consideration of that
bill is the special order from day to day, and it
will be in order for the gentleman from Ohio to
call it up now, if the gentleman from Georgia will
yield the floor for that purpose.
Mr. STEPHENS, i yield for that purpose.
Mr. HOUSTON. The bill will have to go to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and therefore I think the suggestion made
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, in relation to its reference, ought to be
carried out. I apprehend that the bill will be
obliged to go to that committee, there to be dis-
cussed ; for, although the bill may not, under the
requirements of the rule, have to go there, yet
the amendments which will certainly be offered
to it will carry it there, and I think it better that
it should go there at once.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move, then, that
the bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and printed; and that
it shall continue to be the special order in the
Committee of the Whole, from day to day, until
disposed of.
Mr. LETCHER. I would suggestto the gen-
tleman that my amendment should also be sent
to the same committee, and printed.
The SPEAKER. It will go with the bill, as a
matter of course.
Mr. BOYCE. Before that motion is put, I ask
leave to submit an amendment, that it may go
with the amendment of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, and be printed.
Mr. LETCHER. Let it be read.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
That fiotri and after the 1st day of January, 1857, all
good*, waies, merchandise, and other products subject
under the existing tariff to pay duties of over twenty per
cent, be admitted into the United States on paying a duty
of twenty per cent.; and that coffee and tea be'subject to
the same rate of twenty per cent. duty.
The bill and several amendments were referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and ordered to be printed.
suppression of introduction of liquor
into the indian country.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire, by the per-
mission of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Stephens,] to get the ear of the House for one
moment. It is for this purpose: I have brought
to the knowledge of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary the great defect in the existing laws in re-
gard to punishing persons for introducing spirit-
uous liquors or wines into the Indian country. I
have a bill to remedy those defects, which I desire
to have sent to the Committee on the Judiciary,
in order that it may be reported back at an early
day of the session. I ask leave, therefore, to in-
troduce this bill, of which I have given previous
notice, in order that it may be referred.
There being no objection, a bill more effectually
to prevent the introduction of spirituous liquors
or wines into the Indian country was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I ask leave to introduce a
bill, of which previous notice has been given.
Mr. THORINGTON. I object, and call for
the regular order of business.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask leave to have with-
drawn from the files of the .House the papers
relating to the claim of Mary Ann Williams,
daughter and heiress of John Rose, senior, in
order that they may be referred to the Court of
Claims.
Mr. BARKSDALE objected.
president's annual message.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the annual message of the President of the
United States, the debate upon which was con-
tinued by Messrs. STEPHENS, DA VIS of Ma-
ryland, and CADWALADER. The speeches
are withheld for revision, and will appear in the
Appendix.
Mr. BARCLAY obtained the floor, and said:
As I would prefer to say to-morrow what I have
to say, and as it is now getting late, I hope the
House will indulge me by an adjournment. I
move that the House do now adjourn.
enrolled bills.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bills; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act granting bounty land to Jared L.
Elliott;
An act for the relief of A. S. Bender; and
An act for the relief of Peter Grover.
Mr. Barclay's motion was then agreed to; and
thereupon (at two o'clock and forty-five min-
utes) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 7, 1857.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain to
the House.
The Journal of yesterday was read andappro ved.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of State, com-
municating, in obedience to law, a list of the
clerks, messengers, and other persons employed
in that Department during the year 1856, and the
compensation paid to each; which, on motion of
Mr. Hunter, was referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Senate, showing, in obedience
to law, the names of persons employed in his
office during the year 1856, and the amount paid
to each; which, on motion of Mr. Hunter, was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
resignation of mr. hamlin.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter of the Hon. Hannibal Hamlin,
communicating copies of letters addressed by him
to the President of the Senate and the Speaker
of the House of Representatives of the Legisla-
ture of Maine, now in session, dated this day,
resigning the office of Senator in the Congress
of the United States; which were read, and ordered
to lie on the table.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. HUNTER presented the petition of George
W. Flood, for compensation for services per-
formed by him as a clerk in the office of the
; bureau of topographical engineers, while em-
! ployed as a laborer in that office; which was
| referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Thomas J.
Page, a commander in the Navy, prayms; to be
allowed a credit for certain items rejectedln the
settlement of his accounts as acting purser while
m
in commancfof the expedition fort he Exploration
and survey of,the I#a Plata and'its tributaries^-1
which was referred to tho Committee on-Clalntsi
Mr. BROWN presented the petition -of' W.
H. Fanning and other police officers of tfie Dis-
trict of Columbia, for the enactment of a law to
reform and improve the police system of that
District; which was referred to the Committee oxt-
the District of Columbia. '
Mr. BIGLER presented a memorial of the
Peach Bottom and other slate mining companies,-'
I remonstrating against the abolition of duty on
; slate; which was referred to the Committee on'
j Finance. :
| Mr. "BUTLER presented the memorial of the
! Town Council ana citizens of Greenville, Soutfc
| Carolina, for an appropriation to build a eourt-
I house and post office in that town; which was
| referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. I
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the petition
and papers of Lucy tfate. . „
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. HUNTER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a joint resolution to amend
the act entitled " An act for the relief of Frederick
Vincent, administrator of James Le Caze, Sur-
vivor of Le Caze and Mallet." ; t '
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. JOHNSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
492) to ascertain and settle the private land claims
in the Territory of New Mexico; which .was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills:
An act for the relief of Peter Grover;
An act for the relief of A. S. Bender; and
An act granting bounty land to Jared Lr. Elliott.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WELLER. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom were referred sundry memo-
rials and petitions of officers of the Army, have
instructed me to report a bill (S. No. 491) to in-
crease the pay of the officers of the Army, and
for other purposes. I give notice that, as soon
as the bill shall have beer\ printed and laid on the
desks of Senators, I will ask the Senate to take it
up for consideration, as I am exceedingly anxious
to have it passed by the Senate at an early day,
in order that it may secure the cooperation of tne
other branch of Congress at the present session.
The bill was read the first time, and ordered to
a second reading.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR SERVICE.
Mr. 1VERSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
; Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs he in-
' structed to inquire into the expediency of extending the
; provisions of the eighth section of the act of the 18th Au-
1 gu>t, 1856, " to regulate the diplomatic and consular sys-
tems of the United States," to such persons as were
appointed Minsters of the United States to foreign Govern-
ments subsequent to the passage of the act "to remodel
the diplomatic and consular systems of the United States,"
appioved March 1, 1855. .
! harbor at MUSKEGON RIVEK.
! Mr. STUART. At the last session a bill (S.
: No. 45) making an appropriation for the con-
i struction of a harbor at the mouth of Muskeg'on
; river, in thp State of Michigan, was temporarily
laid on the table. I now move that it be taken
from the table and placed on the Calendar in- its
j regular order.
■ The motion was agreed to.
: BATTLE OF NEW ORLEANS.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, the eighth of Jan-
uary is the anniversary of & great defensive,vic-
tory whose consequenccs and circumstances can
: hardly be appreciated by the present generation.
* It has been the practice of the Senate,^ on the
I recurrence of that day, to adjourn over m com-
memoration of an event which has made it on#
! of the most memorable days in the history of
j the country. In conformity with that usage,#!
