248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
now move that when the Senate adjourns to-day,
it adjourn to meet on Friday next.
The motion was agreed to.
MARY REESIDE.
Mr. BIGLER. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the bill for the relief of
Mary Reeside.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
under the impression that, when the morning
business shall have been disposed of, the first
question before the Senate will be the unfinished
business of yesterday, which is the question of
privilege in regard to the Iowa election, unless
the Senate by a vote direct otherwise.
Mr. BIGLER. The morning hour, I think,
has not expired, and I make this motion because
I pfesume the morning business cannot be cut off
by special orders.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The impres-
sion of the Chair is that the morning hour expires
•when there is no further morning business before
the Senate. The Senate must then proceed to the
consideration of the unfinished business, unless
another order be made.
Mr. BIGLER. Of course, it will require an
order of the Senate, and I make the motion for
the purpose of getting the order.
Mr. STUART. I suggest to the Senator that
there are but seven minutes until half past twelve
o'clock, at which time the special order will come
up.
Mr. BIGLER. I thought it -was fixed for one
o'clock.
Several Senators. Half-past twelve o'clock.
Mr. ^IGLER. Then I withdraw my motion.
GEORGE W. TORRENOE.
Mr. HALE. There was a little bill that was
called up by the chairman of the Committee on
Pensions, [Mr. Jones, of Iowa,] the other morn-
ing, when the Senate was not full. I interposed
an objection, because the Senate was not then
full. I understand it is a highly meritorious c!ise,
and that there is no objection to it. I objected to
its consideration then simply on the ground [hat
the Senate was not full. The bill has passed the
House; I have read the report; and I hope it will
be passed now.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded as in Committee of the Whole to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 359) increasing the
pension of George W. Torrence. It proposes
to increase the pension allowed to him by the act
approved July 17, i854, to forty dollars per
month, commencing from the date of the begin-
ning of his present pension, in consideration of
his great disability by reason of wounds received
at the National Bridge, Mexico, on the 19th of
September, 1847.
Mr. BIGGS. I should like to inquire whether
there has been a report by the Committee on
Pensions on that case ?
Mr. HALE. There has been a report. It
is a short one, and if it is read I think it will
satisfy every Senator. Let it be read. It is the
best argument that can be made in favor of the
bill.
The Secretary read the report, from which it
appears that the memorialist was orderly sergeant
in Captain H. Pairchilds's company Louisiana
mounted volunteers in the late war with Mexico. (
On the 8th of Septemher, 1S47, he was assigned, >'
by Major Lally, to the command of an expedi- !
tion against a body of the enemy, near Jaiapa, I
which he put to flight; but whilst returning, he j
found himself and command intercepted By a I
large force of the enemy, which caused him to '■
take the Vera Cruz road for safety. In crossing !
the National Bridge, which was an act of great
military daring, strongly garrisoned as it was,
and as it was known by him to be, by the enemy,
he was attacked by them in large forces from '
differentdirections, and one of his men was killed, !
and another and himself severely wounded. The' ■'
memorialist was struck by an escopette, or two- !
ounce ball, on his sword-hilt, breaking two of j
his ribs, the socket of the hip-joint, and throwing I
him from his horse on the parapet wall, over I
which, into the chasm beneath, he was only i
saved from falling by the sagacity of his horse, !
which returning to him, (lying on the parapet I
wall in a state of stupor,) rubbed him with iiis j
nose until he fell inside the bridge, when, some- !.
■what aroused, he remounted him, joined his com-
mand at the other end of the bridge, and then fell
from his horse, completely exhausted and bleed-
ing most profusely.
Prom the effects of these wounds, it appears
that the memorialist was deprived of the honor
and emoluments of the position of lieutenant
colonel of his regiment, to which he had been
elected whilst absent on that expedition; that he
has been unable since to do anything of much
consequence for the support of himself and fam-
ily ; that he has suffered greatly from the continual
breaking out of his wound and the elongation of
his limb by the formation of an abscess at the
hip-joint; that in 1849, on his way to California,
by reason of the breaking out of his wound, he
was detained on the Isthmus of Panama nine
months, four months of which he was confined
to his room; that after his arrival in California
the wound broke out again, and he was confined
for two years, during which time, he alleges, he
spent the whole of his private fortune, amount-
ing to $12,500, and $2,000 obtained from his
friends, which amounts were exhausted in the
payment of nurses, and other expenses incident
to his confinement. It further appears that the
petitioner is only able now to sit down on a seat,
and break plaster-stone, which pays but little,
and lends but feeble aid to his own and family's
support.
The committee discovered that the previous
legislation of Congress in behalf of this memo-
rialist consists in having allowed him a pension
for life from the 4th of April, 1854, at twenty
dollars per month, and in voting him §1,574 for
his gallant military services, and extraordinary
expenses incurred by him, by reason of his
wound. The committee are of the opinion that
the memorialist has not been amply compensated
for the great sacrifices he has made for his coun-
try, in a service which Colonel Hughes states,
on account of the memorialist's local knowledge
of the position of the enemy, contributed in no
small degree to the success which attended the
driving of the enemy, over eleven hundred strong,
from the forts and bridges, by an American force
of not exceeding five hundred men. Whilst the
committee do not recognize the principle that the
United States should measure the damages by
the amount of actual loss to the claimant by
reason of the wound—forif they did, the amount
of relief which they propose to afford him would
fall far below the actual damages which he has
suffered—yet they think that the pension granted
him is insufficient to support himself and family;
and that therefore, looking at the fact from a per-
sonal knowledge of the petitioner's disability,
they think that his pension should be increased.
It would seem that as the memorialist was actu-
ally performing the duty of captain of dragoons
at the time of his receiving the wounds, it would
entitle him to the pension of a captain of dra-
goons; but the committee do not, as the memo-
rialist was not actually commissioned in that
rank, deem it advisable to go to that extent; but,
looking at the facts in the case, the committee
think the pension of the memorialist should be
increased twenty dollars per month, which even
then affords but a poor remuneration for his great
sufferings and heavy losses, all the result of a
generous patriotism m behalf of his country.
rhe bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
IOWA CONTESTED ELECTION.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
report of the Committee on the Judiciary, con-
cluding with a resolution declaring Mr. Har-
lan's seat vacant, the pending question being on
Mr. Toombs's amendment to strike out all after
the word " Resolved," and insert:
I bat James Harlan is entitled to his seat as a Senator
from Iowa.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, if I did not
consider the principle involved in the decision to
be made by the Senate, in regard to the right of
the gentleman from Iowa to a seat in this body,
as the gravest and most important m reference
to the organization of the Senate that has ever
come before us, I should #>t trouble the body
with a single remark, being satisfied perfectly
with the admirable argument of the honorable
senator from Missouri,[Mr.GETt,R.] But I think
the case involves consequences far beyond what
may be anticipated by those who will now make
the decision, if it shall be made in favor of the
principles contended for by the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.]
This is no new question to me, though at pres-
ent I certainly have not made that preparation
for the discussion of it which I should desire.
Eighteen years ago, my mind was turned to it in
a case arising in my own State, in which person-
ally I was deeply interested. I was the candi-
date of the Democratic party of the State of Del-
aware for the Senate of the United States in 1839,
and on that occasion they had a majority of three
members on joint ballot in the two Houses; but
there was a majority of one in the House of
Representatives of the State in favor of the op-
position party. The law of the State, as it ex-
isted then, and as it exists now, provided (with-
out requiring any joint resolution or concurrent
resolution) that the Legislature should assemble
in the hall of the House of Representatives
during the month of January in each year pre-
ceding the commencement of the senatorial term,
and proceed to elect a Senator of the United
States.
The majority of the House of Representatives,
on a ground which they took, and which I con-
sidered technical and unfounded—but it is not
necessary to enter into that point now—refused
to meet the Senate in joint ballot. They did so
on the ground that, by the passage of some sub-
sequent provision, the place of meeting fixed by
the law was repealed or left unfixed; and though
! the law remained which prescribed an election
during the month of January, they said they
were not bound to meet at any particular place,
and that, therefore, they would not meet unless
by concurrent resolution of the two Houses,
although the law required no concurrent resolu-
tion. The idea was suggested by the party of
which I am a member, that the majority of the
whole number of the legislative body had a right
to proceed and make an election during the month
of January, that is, on the last day of the month,
as the whole month was the time given. My own
attention was called to this matter, and I invest-
igated it, certainly with no bias or feeling which
would induce me to form an opinion against the
power of the majority of the Legislature to elect;
and I arrived then at the conclusion that they had
not the power. But as I owed a duty to the
party with which I acted, as well as to myself—
for myself I could never have made a question
of it—I wrote a letter to a distinguished Senator
of the United States, then a member of this
body, and one of the most distinguished who
has ever adorned this House—Silas Wright, of
New York. I inquired of him, as I was not at
all familiar with the cases of contested elections
here in the Senate, whether any decisions had
been made which touched the principle in this
case one way or the other; and if not, what wa3
his own view of the validity of such an election?
The answer was short and decisive—that the
question had never arisen in the Senate of the
United States, and that in his own opinion such
i an election would be invalid. I was perfectly
1 satisfied with that; and 1 advised my political
friends that they could proceed no further in the
! matter. The election went over, and the State
| remained for two years with only one Senator.
I state these facts, sir, merely to show that
; this is a question which I investigated fully,
years ago. My mind was mode up on the prin-
ciple then; and I do not think the facts of the
, present case present afly difference as to the prin-
! ciple which ought to be applied. I am happy,
also, to believe that the question which has now
! come before the Senate, grave as it is, is one that
comes before them under circumstances in which
there can be no political bias, and no personal
biasofany kind, to agitate the minds of members,
or induce them to arrive at an erroneous con-
clusion as to the great principle involved in their
! decision. It is perfectly well known that either
the honorable gentleman who now holds the seat
as Senator from Iowa, or some one of the same po-
litical opinions and sentiments, will, if we should
determine against his right to hold the seat, be
returned as a Senator of the United States. There
can, therefore, be nothing whatever to create any
bias in the mind of any Senator; and we approach
the question, important as it is, under circiun-
