1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
249
stances which leave room for the decisive action
of the Senate with reference to the principle in-
volved.
I could have wished that, instead of relying on
my own recollections of previous opinions, 1
should have had further time to refresh my
memory as to the arguments on which my view
rests. I went home during the holidays. The
question had merely been brought to the noticc
of the Committee on the Judiciary, without any
action of the committee being had before I went
home. X had no opportunity of attending their
discussions; and the first time I knew that the
question was to be presented to, and acted on
by the Senate at once, was when the report was
made the day before yesterday. I mention this
also as an excuse if I shall happen to occupy the
attention of the Senate longer than I should be
willing to do if I had had time to condense some-
what the views which I intend to present. I hope
that, if I do so, I may be pardoned for so far
trespassing on the patience of the Senate. My
occupation last night prevented me yesterday,
after the adjournment, from turning any atten-
tion to the case; and it is only within the few
hours preceding the meeting of the Senate this
morning, that I have been able to examine it.
The substantial facts of the case I understand
to be these: A resolution was passed in the
House of Representatives of Iowa on the 13th of
December, 1854, proposing to the Senate of Iowa
to meet in joint convention on the 15th of Decem-
ber, for the purpose of electing a Senator of the
United States. The resolution was amended by
the Senate by fixing two o'clock, or two and a
half o'clock of the same day for the joint meet-
ing. The House concurred in the amendment,
and the bodies went into joint convention on that
day, a quorum of each House being present when
they met. They proceeded to ballot, and having
balloted ineffectually, they adjourned at various
times—on one occasion, I think, from the 14th of
December, 1854, to the 5th of January, 1855. On
the 5th of January they met, and still failed to
electa Senator. They adjourned to ten o'clock
on Saturday morning, the 6th of January. The
Senate, (as throughout the whole of these pro-
ceedings it appears each House did,) after they
separated, returned to their own Chamber, and
adjourned to the same hour on the next day.
When the Senate met at ten o'clock on the 6th
of January, they, without doing any business
whatever, adjourned to Monday, at nine o'clock.
This adjournment was carried by a vote of the
majority, on the yeas and nays—16 to 15—the
whole body.consistingof thirty-one members, be-
ing present. The Senate of Iowa was, therefore,
not in session on Saturday after ten o'clock.
The House of Representatives met—at what
hour I do not know; but after transacting appro-
priate business as a House of Representatives,
they proceeded to receive, not the Senate of Iowa,
which was not in session, but to rcceive members
of the Senate of Iowa as members of the joint
convention; and when those members were as-
sembled there, together with the members of the
House, they constituted a majority of the two
branches combined, that is, a majority of the
whole number of persons in the convention. But
there was present—I speak now of persons pres-
ent in the sense of legal presence, as evidenced
by the vote—only a majority of the House and
a minority of the Senate—a quorum of one body,
and not a quorum of the other. The Speaker of
the House assumed that the members thus assem-
bled were a regularly organized convention of the
Legislature, with the power to elect a United
States Senator. No vote was taken by the con-
vention on that point. An appeal was taken from
the decision, and it was contended that the House
ought to decide whether it was organized. That
appeal the Speaker denied, and there was no vote
taken by the convention on that question at all.
The roll was called; and as a majority of the
members of both branches (not a majority of each
branch) answered to their names, the Speaker
declared that the joint convention was regularly
organized according to its adjournment, and they
proceeded to vote for a United States Senator.
After electing first a teUer in lieu of the Senate
teller, who was absent, and also a President pro
temporeof the convention, the members proceeded
to vote viva voce for a Senator of the United States.
A majority of the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives voted, but only fifteen Senators voted
on that occasion.
These are the real facts of the case, as they
appear from the Journals and papers. On the
vote to which I have just alluded being taken, it
was declared that the honorable gentleman who
now holds the seat was regularly elected to the
Senate of the United States; and he came here,
and was admitted. The Senate of Iowa met on
the Monday morning next after the adjournment
of Saturday, and after this alleged election had
taken place, and their first act was to protest
against it, as done without their authority as a
coordinate branch of the Legislature of Iowa.
It will be observed, also, from the facts of this
case, that the Journals show that on all occasions
when the two Houses met, they met as Houses;
a message was sent from one House to the other.
The record shows that the Senate, preceded by
its President, came to the hall of the House of
Representatives, and the members of the Senate
had seats assigned them as a coordinate branch
of the Legislature; and after that was done, at
all previous meetings they proceeded to vote.
On this occasion there was no Senate in session;
but the record shows that several members of the
Senate, without saying how many, were present.
The fact is conceded, I understand, that there
were but fifteen members of the Senate who voted
on that occasion, the whole Senate consisting of
thirty-one; and hence, less than a quorum of the
Senate participated in the election.
On this state of facts, the question which I sup-
pose to arise is, whether " the Legislature" of a
State, under the language of the Federal Consti-
tution delegating to the Legislature the right to
elect Senators of the United States, is to be taken
to mean the individual members of the Legisla-
ture, or the body or bodies of which the Legisla-
ture is composed. I suppose the term, as used
in the Constitution, means the bodies of which
the Legislature is composed. The honorable
Senator from Georgia, if I appreciate his argu-
ment, insists that the power being delegated to
the Legislature, is vested in the members of the
Legislature, and that whenever a majority of
the members of the whole Legislature under a
law, such as that existing in Iowa, vote for a
man, he is elected, though one of the coordinate
branches of that Legislature may notvote for him,
and may, as a body, refuse to go into an election.
Sir, I hold it to be a principle of law, which has,
I think, no exception, that where two integral
bodies are authorized to do an act, it cannot be
done without the consent of those two integral
bodies. - They must both be present and act in
the matter, or there can be no validity in the
act done. This is a universal law. I can call to
mind no case where a contrary principle prevails,
whether relating to legislative action or corpo-
rate action. Indeed, in reference to corporations,
it has been decided over and over again, that
where there are two integral bodies who must
concur in an act, they must both be present and
act upon the matter as bodies, not as individ-
uals.
Now, sir, in the discussion of this case, the
first inquiry which arises is, whence springs the
power to elect a Senator of the United States ?
Of course from the Federal Constitution. With-
out that express contract between the different
States of this Union which we call the Constitu-
tion of the United States, there could be no power
to elect a member of this body. That Constitu-
tion might have provided for one branch of the
Legislature alone electing. Such opinions were
entertained. That Constitution might have pro-
vided for inequality in representation. That
Constitution might have delegated the power to
elect Senators to the people of a State. It might
have provided that the members of the Senate
should be elected by the body itself after its first
organization, and such a proposition was before
the Federal Convention. It might have provided
that the Executive of the State should appoint a
Senator for the whole term, as he does tempo-
rarily under the Constitution in the case of a
vacancy. Whatever it did provide, however,
the power and authority—and this is a question
of power and authority—spring from the Federal
Constitution alone? and you must follow the
delegated power as it is there given. You can
neither go beyond it, enlarge it, nor extend it on
any idea of regard to the popular will.
Sir, if I understood part of the argument of the
honorable Senator from Georgia, he told us, as a
reason why we should adopt his construction of
the Constitution, and of the validity of the act of
the so-called joint convention of the Legislature
of Iowa, that evils would spring from the course
which the majority of the Judiciary Committee
advocate; that they had already sprung from it;
that the State of California was partly unrepre-
sented; that Indiana was partly unrepresented in
consequence of them; and that, therefore, (be-
cause there could be no meaning in the remark,
unless it had that purpose,) we were to give to the
Federal Constitution, irrespective of its language,
which is plain enough, a construction which
would tend to keep this body full, and not coerce,
but induce the different States of the Union to
send members here.
I cannot assent to such an argument. It may
do very well in—I was going to say, in a stump
speech, but I will not say that. It is, however,
hardly a legal argument as to the construction of
the Federal Constitution. Does not every Sen-
ator know, that if a majority of the Legislatures
of the different States of this Union chose to
refuse to elect Senators of the United States, they
could dissolve this Government? That would be
a great evil; but we could not for that reason
assume, in some other mode which the Constitu-
tion did not authorize, to fill the places. Yet Ure
argument would be much stronger in that case
for the preservation of the Union. So, loo, it
might occur, though it is very improbable, that
on account of a difference of opinion between the
two coordinate branches, which in every State
constitute the Legislature, as to the person to be
elected, the Legislature would refuse to make an
election, and in that way destroy this Government
by leaving the Senate without a quorum to trans-
act any business. We must rest, as against these
evils and dangers, which, I trust, are remote, on
the good sense of the people and of the Legisla-
tures of the States; for, after all, our whole Gov-
ernment must be founded on that basis. It may
be destroyed to-morrow, whenever the spirit of
faction prevails far enough, or whenever the want
of affection or regard or belief in the va!uej>f the
Union to the people of the country shall become
a settled opinion among a majority of the people
of a majority of the States, or perhaps even a
minority of the States.
All these are things that may occur; but what
have they to do with the construction of an in-
strument in which there are specially delegated
powers forming a Government peculiar in its
character, founded not upon the social compact,
not upon indefinite ideas, but upon strict, written,
literal provisions, which are to be construed ac-
cording to the import of the language they con-
vey, unless there is doubt arising from the char-
acter of the language, and then we may resort to
supplementary matter for the purpose of con-
struction; but in no other case can we resort to
it, except where there is doubt. The evil which
may result because the power has not been given
in a different mode from that in which it has been
granted, is no argument to prove that the power
has been given in that different mode.
I am not sure that it would not have been wiser
if it had pleased the convention that framed the
Federal Constitution to delegate the power to the
respective States to elect their two Senators by a
Eopular vote, instead of choosing them by the
legislatures. I do not see any evil that could
have followed from it. The relative political
weight of the States would have remained the
same. But though I may entertain the opinion,
that, taking the course of our Government, such
might have been not an unwise provision, yet if
a gentleman presented himself here on the ground
that an election had been held in his State under
the authority of the Legislature, and that by the
ballot of nine tenths of the people of the State he
had been elected a Senator of the United States,
this would be no argument in favor of his admis-
sion, because the Constitution of the United States
requires the election to be by the Legislature.
These arguments arising from inconvenience
really ought to have no weight in "this case. I
think I could throw them also on the other side
if I thought the case was susceptible of a doubt
in my view of the proper construction of the
Constitution. I may say, what I presume no man
who has considered the infirmities of humanity
