20ft
THE GONGftESSIO&A-li GLOBE.
January 7,
doubts, that thedanger of a popular .Government
is the danger of the will of the hour on the part
of the majority assuming power without regard
to the rights of the minority; and the danger of
a decision of this kind is the very reason why, in
a complex Government like ours, we have mod-
ified that power of numbers by giving power to
these—shall I call them corporations? no—to
these political institutions called States, which
have a species of qualified sovereignty.
From that very danger, also, in every State of
this Union, when itisforined,you have an organic
law by which the people of the State impose re-
strictions upon the powers delegated to their
agents. They subdivide them into executive,
legislative, and judicial, and they do not permit
them to go beyond the powers so delegated. The
object of all this is to avoid the danger which
would spring from allowing the uncontrolled prev-
alence of the mere will of the hour on the part
of a numerical majority; andyet, sir, the decision
of this case, if it be favorable to the sitting mem-
ber, tends that way. If the Senate say by their
decision, that where the Legislature of a State
consists of two integral brandies, and by the
constitution of that State each of those branches,
in order to do business, must have a quorum
present, one of those bodies being the popular
branch, always the largest in number, can control
the other whenever there is a majority of the
two branches united, because a law lias been
passed to that effect, the result is that you are
entering upon 'the dangers that all your constitu-
tions are framed to avoid; you are endeavoring
to yield to the popular will of the hour irrespect-
ive of those settled principles which are meant
to restrain the exercise of individual opinion
■within certain confined limits, though that opin-
ion be the opinion of the majority.
Sir, I have as much respect—I am sure I have—
for the will of the people of a State, constitution-
ally expressed, as any man on this floor. I go
further: I think I have as honest a conviction of
the capacity of the people to govern themselves
as any mail on this floor coulu have; but I con-
sider that a government of mere will, whether it
be the will of a majority or the will of a single
man unrestrained by constitutional provisions, is
a despotism, call it what you may. That is the
tendency of the argument on the other side. We
are told of the sovereignty of the State ! The
sovereignty is in the people of the State of Iowa.
Has the sovereignty of the State the right to
clect Senators under the Federal Constitution, or
to whom is that right delegated? To the Legis-
lature.
Now let us look to the Federal Constitution
and the principle involved in this case. As I
have stated, this is a question of power and
authority, and we must determine whether the
body or power, or person or persons, whether
collectively as a body or individually, to whom
the right to choose Senators is delegated by the
Federal Constitution, have exercised that author-
ity. If they have not, the party is not entitled
to his seat; if they have, he is entitled to his seat.
Displeasing as it might be to us, if we were citi-
zens of that State, supposing a case which might
occur, that with eight tenths of the citizens of a
State diametrically opposed to an existing Legis-
lature, that body elects a man as Senator whose
political principles are opposed to the will of the
people, you could not refuse him his seat on the
ground that his election was contrary to the will
of the people of the State. The question of
sovereignty, which was the language used by the
honorable Senator from Ohio, has no authority
here. The question is, whether the power dele-
gated by the Federal Constitution has made the
election? That power is the Legislature of the
State.
The honorable Senator from Georgia contends
that the delegation of power to " the Legislature"
of a State is to the members of the Legislature.
I hold that it means those mtegsal bodies which
constitute the Legislature. If there are two such
bodies, as there are m all the States, one cannot!
be •' the Legislature" of the State any more than
the Senate or House of Representatives here can
be the Legislature of the Federal Government.
The concurrence of each is requisite. Both are
integral parts of the legislative power, elected for
different periods of time—in the case of the Fed- j
eral Governra«nt by different constituencies—in i
the case of the States for different periods of time
by the same constituency, and m many cases
with different qualifications for the members; and
in some States, I beheve, different qualifications
in electors for members of the Senate and mem-
bers of the House of Representatives. They are
integral bodies, and generally both are necessary
in every State of the Union to constitute a Legis-
lature within the meaning of the Federal Consti-
tution.
.What is the language of the Federal Constitu-
tion ? It provides that—
" The Senate of the United States shall be composed of
two Senators from each State, chosen by the Legislature
thereof for the term of six years; and each Senator shall
have one vote."
There can be no room to dispute here. The
number of Senators, and the power which is to
elect them, are both designated in explicit lan-
guage. " The Legislature," says the honorable
Senatorfrom Georgia, means the members. " The
Legislature," in my view, means the organized
bodies forming it, which were perfectly well
known to the framers of the Constitution at the
time it was formed. If that be not so, what is
the meaning of that clause of the Constitution
which goes on afterward to say that—
" If vacancies happen by resignation, or otherwise, dur-
ing the recess of the Legislature of any State, the Executive
thereof may make temporary appointments."
How can the word " recess" have relation to
anything but an organized body known as the
Legislature ? What meaning can you give to it,
if you apply it to the whole of the members of
the Legislatuie as individuals? None whatever.
If a vacancy happens during the recess of the
Legislature, power is confided to the Executive;
and when they meet again at the next meeting of
the Legislature, they are to proceed and fill the
vacancy. Does not that refer to an organized
body ? The words are used in the two clauses in
the same way. Can there be any meaning at-
tached to the idea of a Legislature, other than a
political body organized under the constitution
of the State, whether consisting of one or more
branches, as the people of that State may choose
to provide? The Constitution, in speaking of
" the Legislature," does not refer to the individ-
ual rights of the members of that Legislature, but
to the collective body which is spoken of—the
political body which is known as the Legislature,
the law-making power of the State.
If I be right in this, let me ask what says the
constitution of Iowa? That is of some import-
ance. The constitution provides that the powers
of government in Iowa are to be divided into
three separate departments—the legislative, the
executive, and the judicial. It then provides,
under the head of " legislative department:"
"The I«'!jishiti\e authoiityof this State shall be vested
m a Senate and Hnu><? of Representatives, which shall be
designated a* the General Assembly of the Slate of Iowa;
and tiic style of their laws shall commence in the following
mannd," &e.
Does that constitute a Legislature of one of
those bodies? Certainly not. The Legislature
of the State is a General Assembly composed of
two bodies. The constitution does not stop
there. It goes on to prescribe how the members
of those separate bodies shall be elected—a Sen-
ator for a term of four years, and a Represent-
ative for the term of two years. It goes on fur-
ther to prescribe, as do almost all our State con-
stitutions, what number shall form a quorum for
the purpose of transacting any business what-
ever, and it there provides that a majority of
either body shall constitute a quorum. It gives
them, as our Federal Constitution does, the right
to form their own rules. A majority is to con-
stitute a quorum. A smaller number may adjourn
from day to day, and compel the attendance of
absent members in such manner and under such
penalty as each House may provide. The power
is confided to the separate Houses to compel the
attendance of members. They are treated as
distinctive, political, integral organizations, as
they are 111 every State of the Union, and as
composing together the Legislature of the State.
Further, the Iowa constitution has a peculiar
provision, to which 1 shall have occasion to refer
hereafter. " Each House shall sit upon its own
adjournment." Each House—the House of
TiieLegisUtuie. Each coordinate branch
of the political body constituting the Legislature
has power to " sit on its own adjournment." That
phraseology is peculiar. Each House is to de-
termine tne rule of its own proceedings. The
Constitution of the United States having dele-
gated to ".the Legislature" of Iowa the right to
elect a Senator of the United States, you must
refer to the organic law of Iowa, in order to
ascertain what constitutes the Legislature. If
you look to that, do you not find that the Legis-
lature consists of two organized bodies, each
being coordinate, neither having power to do any
act, except in reference to its own body, and the
control of its own body without the assent of
the other, neither having power to do legislation
or to make an election without the consent of the
other body?
The question that arises under this state of
circumstances is, did the Legislature of Iowa, as
you have it evidenced by the Constitution of
Iowa, (and to that alone can you look for the
purpose of ascertaining what is the Legislature
of Iowa,) elect a Senator of the United States on
the 6th of January, 1855? Though it may be
answered that a majority of the members of both
Houses united elected the sitting member, I think
there was no organized body, which the consti-
tution of Iowa says is necessary, even existing
at the time when the alleged election took place.
The Senate has the right of adjournment. The
Senate can, as well as the House, " sit on its own
adjournments." The Senate had adjourned over
from Saturday morning to Monday. The Sen-
ate was not in session,'and therefore the Legis-
lature' was not in session, though one branch of
the Legislature was sitting at the time when this
alleged election took place.
Can there be an election under these circum-
stances ? No case of the kind has certainly ever
before occurred; nothing parallel to it. The Sen-
ate was not in session, and how can it be said
that the Senate of Iowa was present ? I do not
care what members were there. If they hod all
been there when the Senate was not in session,
their presence could not avail, because they could
do no valid act for any purpose of legislation
when the body of which they were members was
not in session. They were a branch of the Legis-
lature only when m session. They were indi-
vidual members, entitled to a seat in that branch
of the Legislature. They were individual mem-
bers, who, when the period of adjournment has
passed, again assembled as a body, and formed
the Senate. When they elect a United States
Senator, they must do it as an organized branch
of the Legislature in their collective political
capacity, and in no other mode. Otherwise, the
members might discard form altogether. The
Legislature must meet on the day fixed by the
constitution,unless the Governor convenes them
on a different day; but if the doctrine be true,
that the delegation of the authority of the Federal
Constitution is to the members of the Legislature,
and not to the political bodies which form and
constitute the Legislature, then the members may
compare individual opinions without assembling
as a Legislature, and they can meet together and
elect a Senator of the United States liy the will
of a majority of the whole number. The argu-
ment must come to that if it is sound in principle
at all. It must go to that extent, because there
was no more an assembly of the Legislature of
Iowa at the time of this alleged election, than if
the members had met without any resolution
having been passed by either House, because the
Senate was not present.
Mr. President, it is contended, that by the law
of^ Iowa the two Houses are bound to meet in
joint convention. It is said that the Legisla-
ture have a right to prescribe the time, and place,
and manner of election, and therefore they have
a right to procoed-tm the mode which was pur-
sued here, without the presence of one of the in-
tegral bodies composing the Legislature. Why,
sir, the Constitution of the United States provides
that the time, place, and manner of electing Sen-
ators shall be fixed by the Legislature, subject
to the alterations of Congress; but the Consti-
tution of the United States also provides that
" the Legislature " shall elect. Can the Legis-
lature, under the clause which authorizes them
to fix the time, place, o#id manner, delegate their
power of election to any other persons than
themselves ? Can they delegate it to any other
body than the Legislature of the State ? That is
