1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nota question of manner, of time, or of place; it
is a question of authority-—it lies at the found-
ation of their power. The Legislature may pre-
scribe the time, place, and manner; but when they
come to eloct, no matter what they prescribe, the
Legislature must elect, and there is no Legisla-
ture, according to the constitution of Iowa, unless
a quorum of each House is present. Without
a quorum they can do no valid act for any other
purpose; they can do no valid act in reference to
an election, for the Constitution inhibits them.
A majority is necessary for the transaction of
business. Added to that, you have the fact that
a political body which constituted a coordinate
branch of the Legislature of Iowa, has adjourned
over, and were not in session, and had no politi-
cal existence as a body for the purposes of legis-
lative action at the time when the alleged election
occurred.
Sir, if this ease could stand for argument before
the Supreme Court of the United States, I should
not think it necessary to dwell on it more than
five minutes. I should be willing to submit the
case on a mere statement of the facts. But the
honorable Senator from Georgia says that a pre-
vious Legislature having enacted a law, and the
Senate having, under that law, agreed to a joint
resolution to meet in convention, when you once
got them there, they were always there until the
election was completed. Where would this ar-
gument end? Although the law authorizes the
Legislature to meet in joint convention, suppose
that on the day and at the place appointed, there
appears a quorum of neither House, does any
Senator contend that a minority of each House
could proceed to elect ? Does any gentleman
suppose that? Can it be possible that any gen-
tleman supposes it? If a minority of each House
met together cannot elect, it is for want of au-
thority. If it reauircs two coordinate bodies to
constitute the Legislature of Iowa, is not the
deficiency of a quorum on the part of one House
just as fatal to the existence of the Legislature
to act on a matter, as the deficiency of a quorum-
on the part of both Houses? Where is the dis-
tinction ? 1 he Legislature consists of two bodies.
Even though the time were appointed by the
unanimous vote of both bodies, if at the time
and place appointed a minority of each body as-
sembled, which did not constitute a quorum under
the constitution, could that minority proceed to
exercise the functions of a Legislature? Can any
gentleman contend for that proposition? You
must go to that extent, or else necessarily you
must say the act is invalid unless there is a quo-
rum of both Houses present. I cannot distin-
guish between the cases. The want of authority
strikes at vthe one act as much as at the other.
The will of the Legislature can be no more ex-
pressed by a minority of each body than by a
majority of one body acting with a minority of
the other. Neither is an act of the Legislature
of the State according to the organic law of the
State.
In connection with this point, as it appears to
appertain to it, I will notice a remark made by the
honorable Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Foot,]
in which he stated that it appeared by the Jour-
nal that there were two members of the Senate
who were on the floor, and present at the time of
the election. That suggestion is easily answered.
The constitution and law of Iowa required that
the election should be viva voce; but I do not care
' whether it was viva voce or by ballot. Will any
gentleman tell me that, if in the Senate of the
UnitedStates you were to take a vote upon any
resolution, and it appeared that thirty members
voted in the affirmative, and one in the negative,
though there might be half a dozen more on the
floor, that resolution would be carried? The mo-
ment you come to vote by ballot or viva voce, and
it appears that there is not a quorum voting on
the question before the body, necessarily no result
is arrived at. If other members are present who
do not vote, they are present as strangers on that
particular occasion. There can be no validity in
the act unless a majority of the quorum assent
to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to ask the* Sen-
ator whether I understand him rightly as con-
tending, that in order to make an election it must
appear from the record of the convention that a
majority of each branch a^ualiy voted for the
' person returned as elected ?
Mr. BAYARD, No,sir; I shall come to that
point afterwards.
Mr. FESSENDEN. ^ That is an inference
from what the Senator said.
Mr. BAYARD I admit that the usage is the
other way, and I do not contend for any such
thing as the Senator from Maine has stated.
What I do contend for is, that it must appear
that a majority of each branch voted in order to
constitute a quorum acting upon the particular
subject to be acted upon. Each branch must vote,
or there is no legal result. In the Senate, here,
we frequently, as must be the case in all deliber-
ative bodies, pass bills sub silentio, when there are
only ten or fifteen or twenty members present.
No objection being made, the act passes as the
act of the Senate, and the question is concluded
because objection is not made at the time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Another question is sug-
gested by the position of the Senator. He con-
tends that a majority of each branch must be
present and vote. Suppose it appears from the
record that a majority of the State Senate votes
against the person returned as elected, is his elec-
tion the action of the Senate?
Mr. BAYARD. When I come to that ques-
tion, I shall endeavor to give my views as to how
that practice has arisen; I consider it an irregu-
larity. I am speaking now in response to the
suggestion of the Senator from Vermont, that it
appeared from the Journal that there were two
members of the Senate present at the time of
this alleged election, who did not vote. What I
say is, that unless a quorum of the body votes,
whether the vote be taken viva voce or by ballot,
there is no result. That is the settled law here,
and it always has been so. The same principle
applies there. In this case it is admitted, that
on the occasion of this alleged election only fif-
teen Senators of the State of Iowa voted, ancl the
Senate of that State consists of thirty-one, and
therefore no quorum of the Senate voted. The
constitution of the State requires the voting to be
viva voce, and the fact of the want of a quorum
of the Senate appears on the record. It is per-
fectly immaterial whether any more Senators
were in the House or out of the House; their
presence without voting does not give validity to
the result. It has commonly happened in this
body, within my knowledge, that when a vote has
been taken, and no quorum appears, other mem-
bers, who tnay be on the floor without voting, or
who may be in the alcove behind the President's
chair, are solicited to vote, or other members are
brought in to vote, for the purpose of making a
quorum; for without the vote of a quorum there
could be no decision of the pending question,
though it was known that there were more than
thirty-two members present in the Chamber at the
time. This principle is well understood, and is
familiar in practice. I say, in reply to the remark
of the honorable Senator from Vermont, if it was
intended to aid this case by the representation
tl^at the Journal showed that members were on
the floor, there is no vote of the organic body of
which these parties were members, unless a quo-
rum was present participating in the alleged elec-
tion.
I go further, and say that no vote could be
given by any Senator of the State of Iowa when
the Senate was not in session. The proceedings
in this case up to this point show—and I venture
to say that the proceedings of every State Legis-
lature in the Union show—that when the Legis-
latures meet in joint convention, they, do not
adjourn beforehand, but generally the Senate
proceeds to the hall of the House, or in some
States the House may proceed to the hall of the
Senate, without any adjournment. In some
cases the Houses vote separately; the result in
each House is ascertained, and they afterwards
adopt the will of the majority of the whole num-
ber; but in no case does either House adjourn
while the joint convention is in session, nor has
it ever occurred. Look over the records in this
case, Mr. President, and you will find that in
every instance after the joint convention had in-
effectually balloted, and adjourned to a further
time, the Senate retired to their chamber, and the
House remained in their hall, and they then ad-
journed as separate Houses; and when they inet
again, they met as separate Houses, and were
so treated throughout, until the last act of this
drama, when the House of Representatives under-
took to usurp the powers of the Legislature of,
Iowa, when the Senate was not in session at the
time.
On what principle can it be that the individual'
members of a body can arrogate to themselves,,
when that body is not in session', by the. will of
its majority, a power to act in any legislative
capacity whatever, whether derived under the
authority of the Constitution of the United States
or under the authority of the State? Because a
man is a member of a Legislature, can he do
any legislative act when the Legislature is not in
session as an organized body? If the Legisla-
ture, or the House to which he belongs, have
adjourned over to a given day, is he not equally
powerless to do any legislative act until that pe-
riod of adjournment has passed, and the Legisla-
ture again assembles? I should suppose that the
question could not admit of a moment's doubt;
and after the adjournment of the Senate of Iowa
—though thereby the will of the people of Iowa
mi^ht be defeated, though the act might be wrong
in itself, though it might be factious, and th£se
are questions which they must settle with their
own constituents—no member of that body could
do any valid legislative act. The Senate could not
do any valid act as a political body afterit had ad-
journed over; and the individual members could
not reassemble themselves by consent under any
system of organized law. I do not say what
might be done under circumstances of necessity
in new countries where men meet without any
kettled principles to confine them; but I ara
speaking of a civilized country like ours—a re-
public 111 which organized modes of action exisf.
The individual members cannot act in a legisla-
tive capacity for any purpose whatever, unless
the body to which they belong is in session, or
unless authority has been delegated by the body
to them as a committee to act during the recess.
No individual member can do a legislative act
when the body to which he belongs is not in ses-
sion, and no other case can be found in which it
has ever been attempted. They cannot convene
themselves: that is clear. The constitution of
the State fixes a given day for the meeting of the
Legislature, and the members cannot act in the
interim.
If they met at the time appointed, and adjourned
sine die, will any gentleman tell me that then,
when the Legislature was not in session, the
members would have authority to elect a United
States Senator in joint convention, or in any other
mode? Suppose that after passing these joint
resolutions, each body of the Legislature of iowa
had adjourned sine die, or had adjourned over the
day when the joint meeting was to convene, will
any gentleman tell me they could meet in joint
convention when the Legislature was not in ses-
sion? On what principle can it be? A joint
convention cannot be the Legislature of Iowa
except under its own authority,and that requires
the action of both Houses. The constitution of
the State recognizes no right of that kind. It
prescribes the quorum of each House, and it
says, in the most explicit and peculiar language,
" each House shallsiton its own adjournments."
How, under such language as that, can a joint
body, composed of the two Houses by a majority
of that body, undertake to overrule the constitu-
tion of the State, and adjourn the Senate of the
State, or prevent the Senate or House from ad-
journing at their will, according to the express
power delegated ? They are inhibited from ad-
journing for more than acertain number of days.
This inhibition is founded on a good reason. It
is one of the necessities of restriction. Here,
neither House can, without the consent of the
other, adjourn for more than three days; but
when they have adjourned within the limits of
the power confided to them, they are not in ses-
sion. If both Houses have agreed to an adjourn-
ment, the Legislature is not in session. If one
House alone has adjourned, the Legislature is
not m session* though one House may be. If
there were no such inhibition in the constitution,
and the Senate of Iowa had had power to adjourn
sine die, will any gentleman tell me, that if a ma-
jority which constitutes a quorum of the body
had decided that the Senate should adjourn sine
die, there could have been any legislative act
done after thatforanypurpose whatever ? Strike
out that prohibition, and what would forbid it ?
The principle is the same whether the body has
