1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
<
253
the election of a United States Senator, and the election
of three supreme court judges ; and that Mr. Workman,
of the Senate, and Mr. Kinert, of the House, had been ap-
pointed tellers."
Each House was authorized to keep a Journal,
and the act was stated as having been done in
accordance with the law under which that body-
assembled, in the Journal of one House, and was
stated in the Journal of the other House as
having been done in direct violation of the law.
On the presumption that they did not act wrongly
until the contrary appears, is not the rational
supposition that the record of the Senate is"cor-
rect, and that the tellers were appointed by the
respective Houses under the mandate of the
law? If so, how can the Senator from Ohio get
rid of the difficulty that the alleged joint con-
vention, where only one branch of the Legisla-
ture was represented, undertook to legislate, to
revise the law of the State, and appoint a teller
who was a judge of the election, without any
authority ?
Again, Mr. President, the honorable Senator
from Georgia, and other Senators, as I under-
stand, contend that the authority to make this
election springs from the law passed in Iowa in
the year 1847, providing for the election of a
United States Senator, and prescribing the time,
place, and manner of election. As I have already
stated, though it is perfectly true that the Legis-
lature have authority to appoint the time, place,
and manner, subject to the right of Congress to
alter the time ana manner, but not the place, yet
under this authority they cannot authorize any
other body than the Legislature to elect. The
election must, according to the Constitution, be
by " the Legislature." To ascertain what is the
Legislature we must look to the constitution of
the State. The mistake of gentlemen is in sup-
posing that a provision which authorizes a com-
petent body—the Legislature of the State—to fix
all matters with reference to the time, place, and
manner of election, authorizes that body to con-
stitute a Legislature out of what is not, in fact,
the Legislature. The Federal Constitution pre-
scribes that the Legislature shall elect the Sen-
ator, as well as fix the time and place and man-
ner of electing. They can, therefore, authorize
no other body than the Legislature to elect. What
did they do? To me it is very apparent that,
even under the law of Iowa, the body calling
itself a joint convention transcended its powers
on any known rule of construction.
I am making this argument on a basis which
certainly cannot be denied, that at the vote taken
upon this occasion there were only fifteen Sena-
tors, less than a quorum of the Senate, present
in the House and voting; and that the Senate
had adjourned, and was not in session at the time
when the alleged election took place. These two
facts cannot be disputed. Then let us look at
the provision of the law. It provides that after
certain joint resolutions have been passed, the
two Houses shall meet in joint convention.
Tellers are to be appointed, the names of mem-
bers are to be arranged in alphabetical order, and
the vote is to be taken viva voce, which the con-
stitution of Iowa requires in all legislative elec-
tions. The name of the member voting and the
person for whom he votes is to be taken down.
After making these provisions, the law goes on
to say:
neither of the candidates shall receive the votes of a
majority of the members present, a second poll may be
taken, and so from time to tune, until some one of the can-
didates shall receive a majority of the votes of the members
present."
The honorable Senator fr^m Georgia contends
that, under this law, a majority of the members
present—though one body is not in session at the
time—though a quorum of that body does not
vote, and can do no act whatever—could go on
and elect a Senator, provided there was present
a majority of the whole number composing the
Legislature. That also was the assumption of
the Speaker of the House. The question was
raised that the body was not organized properly
as a convention. The member raising the objec-
tion contended that the House of Representatives
alone was to decide the appeal. The Speaker of
the House, without deciding this matter, allowed
no appeal in the case. No vote was taken by the
body on this point, but the Speaker assumed that
tlie convention was organized; and the House
afterwards assumed it, and certified that a ma-
jority of all the members of both branches having
voted, though a majority of the members of one
branch were absent, there was a valid election,
because the law prescribed that a majority of
the members present should~"be competent to
elect. When that law speaks of a majority of
the members present as necessary to a choice,
does it not imply that there must be a quorum of
both Houses present? Let me illustrate it by
reference to an occasion which may arise under
the Federal Constitution.
In the case of impeachment, it is provided that
two thirds of the Senators present shall be neces-
sary in order to convict. Does any. one suppose
that, a quorum not being present, if two thirds of
those here, or all that are present together, unani-
mously agree that a man ought to be convicted,
he would be convicted ? Does this law of Iowa
say one word about what is to constitute a quo-
rum of the joint convention ? Not a syllable on
the subject. The law of Iowa had no authority
to fix it. The constitution of Iowa fixes the quo-
rum of each body, and consequently of the Legis-
lature assembled in joint convention. The law
of Iowa prescribing the time, place, and manner
of election, does not profess to say what shall
constitute a majority of the body. Itsays a ma-
jority of the members present shall elect. Does
not that necessarily imply that a quorum shall be
present, just as much as the clause of the Con-
stitution of the United States requiring the con-
currence of two thirds of the Senators present to
convict a person impeached implies that a quo-
rum of the Senate must be present, although that
provision is not expressly made in the clause?
The authority is given by law to the Legislature
to meet in joint convention. Who have the au-
thority to meet? The organized bodies constitu-
ting the Legislature; none other; not the members
of the Legislature individually, independently of
the organization of the two Houses as separate
bodies. Does not the qualification of the neces-
sity of a quorum exist? Was it necessary to
express it ? The Legislature have not pretended
to say that a majority of all the members con-
stituting both Houses should form a quorum of
the convention. That is the Speaker's assump-
tion. Even the so-called convention did not take
any direct vote oil that question. They acted in
accordance with the supposition of the Speaker,
but the law under which they assumed to act has
not one word or line which relates to the number
necessary to constitute a quorum of the body.
The members of both Houses are directed to
attend under the action of each House separately;
and a majority of the members present, it is pro-
vided, can elect. I ask, does not that necessarily
imply that there must be a quorum of each House
present? Can you get rid of that construction
any more than you can of the necessary implica-
tion that there must be a quorum in the case pro-
vided for by the clause of the Federal Constitution
to which I have alluded, where the language is:
" Tile Senate shall liave the sole power to try all impeach-
ments ; when sitting lor that purpose, they shall bo on oath
or affirmation ; when the President of the United States is
tried, the Chief Justice shall preside ; and no person shall
be convicted without the concurrence of two thirds of the
members present."
Suppose thirty members of this body should
vote for the conviction of an officer impeached,
and one should vote against his conviction, would
that vote of the Senate constitute a conviction ?
Certainly not. Nothing is said in this clause
about a quorum, but the provision simply is that
the concurrence of two thirds of the members
present is necessary to conviction. So, the law
of Iowa provides that a majority of the members j
present in the joint convention may make a ;
choice. Turn to another provision of the Con-
stitution of the United States, and you find that a
majority of the Senate is necessary to constitute
a quorum to do business. Turn to the constitu-
tion of Iowa, and you find that a quorum for any
legislative action is a majority of each House.
Is not the same implication necessary to be made
in the one case as in the other, that there must
be a quorum of each House present, and that
when there is a quorum of each House present
the majority of the whole number govern ? That
is the principle.
In my judgment, if either House chose to dis-
obey the law of the State on this point, it would
not be obligatory, and the election would not be
valid unless the Legislature elected, because the
authority to elect is vested in " the Legislature"
and springs from the Constitution of Ine United
States, and cannot be altered in any respect what-
ever by the State law. The Legislature is con-
stituted by the constitution of the State, but the
constitution of the State can give no authority in
reference to the election of United States Senators
that does not spring from the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator will allow me to
ask him a question. I wish to ask him whether,
if those sixteen gentlemen who constituted the
majority of the Iowa Senate had been present
and had all voted against Mr. Harlan, he would
have been duly elected United States Senator?
Mr. BAYARD. Do not misunderstand me.
If the question came up as a matter of first im-
pression, I think I should vote in such a case, if
the remonstrance was made and the proof brought
before me, against the validity of the election.
But I have been too long in my profession not to
know that a settled usage will cover irregularity.
It will not, however, cover irregularity beyond
the extent to which the usage has gone.
Mr. PUGH. I was about to^irect the Sena-
tors attention to the pointin my mind, and I wish
to ask him the question again: whether he would
decide, those sixteen gentlemen being present,
and all voting against Mr. Harlan, that he would
have been elected ?
Mr. BAYARD. But a majority of the two
Houses being in his favor ?
Mr. PUGH. A majority of the whole number
being in his favor, but sixteen Senators being
present and voting against him,
Mr. BAYARD. I gave my answer to the hon-
orable Senator's question. I endeavored to state
before, that the case which he supposes is a com-
mon occurrence in other States. On polling the
votes of individual members, it may appear that
a majority of one House is opposed to the candi-
date elected; yet, if the other body does not resist
at the time, acquiescence gives to the election the
force of the assent of the body, as a body, though
it may be against the individual opinions of the
members on the particular vote polled.
Mr. PUGH. That is jflst the predicament. If
those sixteen gentlemen being present and voting
againstMr. Harlan could not defeat his election,
how could their mere absence, and not voting,
defeat it?
Mr. BAYARD. The answer is very plain and
easy. If those sixteen gentlemen had been pres-
ent without the authority of the Senate, their
presence availed no more than if I or the honor-
able Senator had been there. They are not a
branch of the Legislature of Iowa except when
the Senate is in session, and the Senate had de-
termined not to go there. Individual members,
even a majority of the body, after the Senate had
adjourned, could not control the action of the
Senate. They may change their minds, but they
can do no act of legislation while the Senate
stands adjourned. By the express language of
the constitution of Iowa, each House is to sit "on
its own adjournment. This is a peculiar phra-
seology which I have never seen in the constitu-
tion of any other State.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator contends that the
Senate must be in session during the whole time
of the joint convention.
Mr. BAYARD. Yes.
Mr. PUGH. Then, how does it happen that
a question can be declared carried through the
joint convention, when a majority of the Senate
vote against it? If the Senate are in session
during the joint convention, howcan the Senator
say they have assented to anything to which a
majority of the Senate did not assent ?
Mr. BAYARD. When the two Houses go
into joint meeting, they go in, under the existing
law, for the purpose of individual voting. They
merge their rights as coordinate bodies, and
become individual voters. When the Houses
separate again," they adjourn separately. If each
House by its silence interposes no "objection,
and institutes no inquiry as a House by a ma-
jority to object to an election made in joint meet-
ing, of course it passes, in the same manner as
when you take a vo.te here with ten Senators
present on the passage of a. bill, no matter of what
importance, if' the yeas and nays are not called,
you cannot the next day say that it is not a well-
passed biJK The question is concluded by silence.
