254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
Mr. PUGrH. But .in this case all is recorded.
The yeas and nays.were called, and recorded. I
Mr. BAYARD. I understand that; but no
quorum of the Senate voted. There is the answer
to that.' 1 can well understand that where a
quorum votes, the acquiescence of the two bodies
after the election is made, and. after the severance
of the joint meeting precludes inquiry into the
question of legality, because there is necessarily
an assent, in the same manner as we assent to
votes taken here without a quorum, when no yeas
and nays are called and no division is had. That
principle is familiar in a variety of other cases.
Acquiescence binds political bodies, and all other
bodies. Where the contrary does not appear,
they are supposed to be present, and to assent,
not as a presumption of fact, bat as a presumption
of law; and a presumption of law is not contro-
vertible by evidence. That is the meaning of
■what I say. If, when the vote has been taken,
a majority of both bodies being present by -a
quorum, a person is declared elected, and no
objection is made by the action of either House
singly, and they separate, of necessity it is a
presumption of law that the election was valid,
and neither Hbuse can afterwards look into it.
You cannot give evidence that sixteen Senators
or twenty Senators voted against the party, and
that he had barely a majority of the two branches
united, and not of cach branch singly. That
distinction, to my mind, is very apparent. I
think it a loose and irregular proceeding; but it
has existed to that extent, but 110 further, from
the foundation of the Government. It has not
been sanctioned by any decision of the Senate,
for the case has never been brought before this
body in that modified shape. The persons elected
come here with their credentials. The Legisla-
tures of the States may know that they did not
receive the votes of a majority of each House,
but the Legislatures assent to the election, and
it binds them as a presumption of law. But in
no case has there ever before been presented here
a claim on behalf of one branch of the Legislature
to elect a Senator of the United States by a
majority of the whole number constituting the
two branches united,when both bodies were not
present at the election, and one was not in ses-
sion.
Suppose that each branch of the Legislature,
as they certainly did here, voted to go into joint
ballot, and on the day and place when the election
was 10 be held a quorum of neither body was
present. If 1 take the language of the Iowa law
literally, as the Senator from Georgia and those
who agree with lum read it, a majOTity of those
present would have a right to elect, though they
were but five men, and their election would be
. valid. If I take the language of the law, as I
read it, that when it says a majority of those
present shall elect, it means provided both bodies
are constitutionally present as political, organized
bodies, forming organic parts of the Legislature
of Iowa, then the objection is fatal to the election
in this case, because there was only a minority
of one branch present, and that branch was not
in session. If there had been a majority present,
it would not have bettered the case, for they could
do no legislative act when the body to which
they belonged had no existence by session for
the purposes of legislation. They certainly could
not pass laws under such circumstances. The
power is delegated to them, and they are to make
the election as a Legislature; and they must do
it as a political body—not as mere individual
members. They may compare opinions, and
cast votes as individual members, but you must
have the assent of the different branches of the
Legislature, either expressed by concurrent res-
olution, or implied under this usage to which I
have ieferred. To the extent that'the usage has ,
gone, I admit it has existed too long to disturb it. j
To the extent to which it has gone, I-am willing i
to vote in any case that tallies with it to ratify it' !
but not to go beyond the extent of the usage, j
That usage has never gone beyond the line which I
I have mentioned. No case has occurred until |
this one—and I trust no case will again occur—in
which, under a power delegating to the Legisla-
ture of a State the authority to elect a Senator of
the United States, one of the coordinate branches
of the Legislature, because it happens to have a
numerical majority, undertakes to force the other
branchy thQugh that. House, in its organized
capacity a'i an integral body, may refuse to go
on witli an election.
A word more, Mr. President, and I have done.
The remedy for the wrong, if .wrong was done in
this case bv the Senate of Iowa, is with the con-
stituency o'f that Senate. I am perfectly free to
say that, .with my convictions of duty, if 1 had
been a member of the Senate of Iowa when the
vote was taken on the propriety of going into a
joint ballot, whether a resolution had been pre-
viously passed or not, I should have felt it a duty
I owed to my constituents to go into joint meet-
ing, though I was certain that the election to be
held would result in the choice of an individual
to whose political opinions I was opposed. I
should think that a duty to my State. I leave
others to judge on that subject for themselves.
But surely, ifthe act is wrong, it is not the ques-
tion of the individual motives of men that you are
to deal with here. Yo.u have only to deal with
the action of two organized bodies composing
the Legislature to whom the power is delegated.
If one of those bodies, being coordinate with the
other, refuses to join in the election as an organ-
ized body, on what principle can it be said that
there has been an election made by the Legisla-
ture of the State ?
I must apologize to the Senate, for a great deal
of my remarks, which have been disconnected
for the reason which I stated in the commence-
ment, that I had not had time, since I knew that
this question, on which my opinion was formed
eighteen years ago, was to come up, to revise my
opinions, except two hours this morning.
Mr. POSTER. I do not flatter myself, Mr.
President, that I shall be able to throw much, if
any, light on the question which is now under
discussion. It is, however, a question of such
great importance in itself, and one which to each
member of this body, and to all the States of this
Union, involves consequences of such moment,
that I feel called upon to say a few words in re-
gard to it, although I cannot but regret, as we
must all regret, that more than thirteen months
have elapsed since the credentials of the honor-
able Senator fiom Iowa were presented, and his
case is still undecided. I by no means impute
fault to the Senate, or to any of its members, for
this delay. I only allude to it for the purpose
of adding that it occasions me much regret, that
fact being true, now to prolong the discussion,
and of course to delay thereby the final action of
the Senate.
Whatever concerns the organization of this
body of course concerns vitally the administra-
tion of our Government; and this body, a respons-
ible coordinate branch of the legislative power,
cannot regard the seats of its members as other
than highly important. The question now be-
fore the Senate is whether the honorable Senator,
the sitting member from Iowa, is oris not entitled
to a seat? and that, of course, brings up the
validity of the election under which he claims
that seat. We have had from both sides of the
Chamber, and 011 both sides of the question,
very full and very able arguments, on the one
part going to show that the sitting member is
entitled, and on the other that he is .not entitled.
I confess that were it not for the ability and zeal
with which it is urged here, that the sitting
member is not entitled, I should consider it almost
a clear proposition that he is. It would certainly
not become me to say it is clear, when men so
much my superiors in experience and ability
come to the conclusion that he is not entitled to
a seat, but that the place should be declared by
the Senate to be vacant.
With regard to the point whether, under our
Constitution, a Senator may be elected by what
is called a joint ballot of the Legislature of a
State, or by a concurrent vote of each House,
there seems to be no difference of opinion; but an
election in cither mode, by a joint vote, or by a
concurrent vote, is valid under our Constitution.
It is true that gentlemen express some doubts,
and some of our text writers on the Constitution
have expressed doubts, as to the validity of elec-
tions by a joint ballot of the two Houses of the
Legislature; but certainly, after the usage which
has been established for more than sixty years,
it is now too late to question the validity of elec-
tions either by joint ballot or by concurrent ballot.
The Constitution clearly provides that the Legis-
lature shall ehoose the Senator, but whether by
joint vote of the whole Legislature, or by con-
current vote of the various branches, the Consti-
tution being silent, and the usage for so long a
period being established as it is, it seems to be
admitted on all sides that an election m either
mode is valid—is constitutional.
The election in the State of Iowa, which we are
now considering, was made, as I understand, by
a joint vote of the Legislature of that State. In
regard to that election, it seems to me the gentle-
men who oppose the validity of the honorablo
member's present election, assume and argue facts
which are not by any means shown in this case
to be true. It does not, I think, at all involve the
consequences argued by the honorable Senator
from Delaware, who supposes, that in order to
support the validity of this election, it becomes
necessary to insist that one branch of the General
Assembly of the State of Iowa, and that the pop-
ular branch, must be claimed to have power to
swallow up the coordinate branch, to wit: the
Senate of that State; and without the will and
against the will of the Senate to make an election.
When the honorable Senator claims that those
who insist on the validity of this election, are
driven to the necessity of insisting that this is an
election by the popular branch without the con-
currence of the Senate, the coordinate branch, it
seems to me the honorable Senator does not read
the record of the proceedings of that General
Assembly correctly.
The facts which transpired previous to that
election are spread before us in the report of the
Committee on the Judiciary. It appears from
those proceedings that the incipient step taken
in this election was on the 9th of December,
1854, when the House of Representatives of the
State of Iowa passed a resolution " that the
House of Representatives will meet the Senate
in the hall of the House on Thursday next, at
two o'clock in the afternoon, for the purpose of
electing a Senator of the United States, and
judges of the supreme court."
On motion, that resolution was laid on the ta-
ble. On the 12th of December, it was taken up
and passed, fixing, however, Friday, the 15th
of December, as the time for the election. That
was the action of one branch of the Legislature
of the State of Iowa. The Senate, the other
branch of that Legislature, acted upon this same
resolution by amending it and changing the time
to Wednesday, which would be, I believe, the
13th of December, at two and a half o'clock in
the afternoon; and in that amendment made by
the Senate to the original resolution of the House,
the House concurred; and so the time for elect-
ing a Senator for that State was fixed by the
Legislature of that State to be at two and a half
o'clock in the afternoon of Wednesday, the 13th
of December, 1854.
We have, then, the action of the Legislature of
that State in the fullest sense on at least one point,
and that is to fix the time when and the place
where they would elect a Senator to the Senate
of the United States for the State of Iowa. There
is no question about another fact, that on the day
named in that resolve, and at the place fixed, the
two branches of that Legislature—the House of
Representatives and the Senate—metin joint con-
vention and organized for the purpose of electing
the Senator whom, under the resolution, they had
resolved to elect. We have, then, assembled to-
gether in joint convention the body of men who,
under the Constitution of the United States, and
the laws of the State of Iowa, were competent to
make an election to this place.
Now, sir, what vas tliis body thus convened
and organized?^ Was it the Legislature of the
State of Iowa? Clearly not, for the purpose of
doing legislative business. They did not meet to
make laws. They were not, either by the laws or
usage of the State, when thus assembled, author-
ized to enact laws. They were not a Legislature
111 the sense in which we ordinarily speak of a
Legislature. They were, however, the two bodies
which under the law of that State composed its
Legislature. The body thus convened consisted
of the Senate and House of Representatives of the
State of Iowa, met together in joint convention
for a specific, lawful, constitutional purpose. If
it be necessary that the Legislature shall choose
a Senator, this was the Legislature. If gentlemen
say, that by the Constitution of the country the
Legislature must choose Senators, this body was
