256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7.
offspring of the Legislature, and dies with its
parent. It would end, in my judgment, when the
Legislature ended. I do not, however, regard
''that fact as at all militating against the claim
which I make, which is, that this joint conven-
tion would continue during the time for which,
for the purposes of this case, it is necessary for
me to claim it continued, because, during that
time, it is not supposed that any such act as that
alluded to by the Senator from North Carolina
intervened to destroy the existence of this Legis-
lature. It might go on, and did go on, beyond
this period. The claim I was making was, that
the joint convention could only terminate by a
vote of its own dissolving it, or by a withdrawal
of such a number of members as to leave it with-
out a quorum, or, as the Senator from North
Carolina has suggested, by the arrival of the
period of time.beyond which the Legislature could
not sit.
It is unnecessary to consider a question which
has been suggested in the course of the discus-
sion as to what would have been the effect if one
of the bodies, as for instance the Senate, between
one adjournment of the joint convention and an-
other, had met together and voted that they would
not longer continue to sit in joint convention with
the House of Representatives. If they had re-
considered their vote under which they went into
convention in the month of December for the
purpose of electing a Senator, or if they had
voted no longer to continue the convention with
the House, and had sent a message to the House
of Representatives giving them notice of that
fact, in their separate independent capacity as a
House of Representatives, the Senate, acting in-
dependently of the House, as a Senate, it is
unnecessary to consider the question as to what
would have been the effect. That circumstance
might have affected the subsequent action of the
House of Representatives, thought I think not;
but these facts have not occurred. There is no
pretense that the Senate revoked at all, or gave
notice to the House that they would not continue
to sit with them in this convention. Indeed, for
aught that appears, they supposed that the House
would go on without them, as very clearly they
could if the House all came together, or even if
the Senators went individually. The vote of the
Senate was to adjourn from Saturday to Monday,
adjourning beyond the period when they were to
meet the House in joint convention. It does not
appear from that vote that the Senate even meant
to dissolve the convention. It was very clearly
not necessary that the Senate should on that day,
prior to their going into this last joint meeting,
meet and vote as a Senate that they would then
go when they had joined in the vote the day be-
fore, providing that they would adjourn over until
ten o'clock of that day. The Senate might well
meet and vote as a Senate, to adjourn over to the
next week, with a perfect understanding on the
part of the Senators that they, as Senators, would
go into this joint convention when the hour ar-
rived for holding it. There is nothing in that
view inconsistent with the fact that they voted, as
a Senate, to adjourn the Senate to the next week.
The honorable Senator from Maine [Mr. Fes-
senihsn] suggests whether, if the.Senate should
rescind their vote, that would destroy this joint
convention? I certainly do not admit it. 1 say
that is a question which has been suggested by
Senators, and it is unnecessary to consider it.
My own opinion certainly is that it would not
destroy or put an end to this convention unless
the House concurred; but! suggest that it is un-
necessary to consider that, because the Senate
have not done it, and all the action which the
Senate has taken is entirely consistent with the
idea that they meant to keep faith with the House
and act in this joint convention, and make the
election which they had voted that they would ,
make. Their vote to adjourn over, I say, is not j
at a!! inconsistent with this idea. It is true that '
the House sent a message to the Senate to invite I
them to come in on the last day, but manifestly
it was wholly unnecessary. The joint conven-
tion on the day before had voted to adjourn to
that day, at a given hour; when that hour ar- j
rived, the Senate would of course come and meet j
the House, or the Senators would come. They I
need not come in as a Senate, because they came I
in as a Senate when they first organized the con- '
ventioa, and there was an end of the Senate, as I
such, until that convention was dissolved. An
adjournment from day to day is simply the con-
tinuance of the session. There is no question
about that. Certainly that need not be argued
here. If this body had remained in session ever
so long, adjourning from day to day, if each
branch of the Assembly had met, nobody would
deny that it was a session of the body. My claim
is, that it was justas much a session of the body,
although the members of the Senate may stay
away, because after it has been once organized, it
becomes a peculiar body, not recognized as Sen-
ators or as Representatives, but as a body of
men authorized by the Constitution and law to
make an election, and if so, they are to make it
by a majority assembled at the time to which
they have voted to adjourn, provided that ma-
jority constitute a quorum of the body. It is a
joint convention, without reference to whether
it is made up of Senators or made up of Repre-
sentatives; and it seems to me we must come to
that result, if we admit that the vote of that body
is to be taken as the vote of all other bodies is,
and determined according to the majority one
way 01- the other, and not according to whether
votes are given by Senators or given by Repre-
sentatives. That makes no difference; and in
making up the count of votes it is wholly unne-
cessary that there should be any distinction be-
tween the one and. the other.
The result, then, Mr. President, to which I
come is this: The General Assembly of the State
of Iowa, each branch acting for itself and inde-
pendently, voted to go into joint convention for
the purpose of electing a Senator of the United
States. The two branches of the General Assem-
bly, agreeably to that vote, met. They consti-
tuted a joint convention. That joint convention
continued in existence until it elected the honor-
able member who now sits in this body, and he
was elected to his place by a majority of all the
votes composing the two Houses of the General
Assembly. The fact, that another President was
elected, or that there was any informality in the
appointment of tellers, or any informality in re-
gard to verifying the proceedings of that body,
would not, in my judgment, affect the validity of
the grand result, to wit, the election. The law
of the State, which is made part of the report,
provides that this convention should be presided
over by the President of the Senate; in his ab-
sence, by the Speaker of the House; in his ab-
sence, by a President pro tempore elected by the
body. True, the convention elected a President
pro tempore. It was, however, an act wholly in-
valid. The Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives sat, and he was undoubtedly the presiding
officer of the body. One of the tellers, the one
appointed by the Senate, it appears, did not finally
act.
It certainly cannot be contended that the fact
of one teller who has been appointed refusing or
failing to act vitiates an election, after we have
abundant evidence that a fair election was made.
Objections of this sort, purely technical, are
surely entitled to no favor; and to set aside an
election for matters of that description would be,
to use a technical legal phrase, sticking in the
bark altogether. That the body authorized by
the Constitution of the country and by the laws
of the State to elect the Senator met for that pur-
pose, and met in every respect and according to
every technical rule as it should have met, is not
doubted or denied. The fact, that one element of
the Legislature withdrew itself, if it did with-
draw itself, has no effect in my judgment upon
the validity of the proceedings; for if during the
first day's balloting the vote fell down, after
being one hundred, to seventy, and fell down to
seventy in consequence of every member of the
Senate withdrawing from the convention, and
then the honorable member now sitting had been
elected by seventy votes, I submit that he would
have been as justly, as lawfully, as constitution-
ally elected as though the thirty Senators who
withdrew had remained. The withdrawal of one
or another or any number of Senators, or any
number of the whole body, leaving a majority,
leaving a quorum, does not destroy the existence
of the body. It leaves it there the body author-
ized by the Constitution and laws to act. That
clearly was the case here.
It is also perfectly clear, that, so far as numbers
are concerned, the sitting member has in point of
number all that can be claimed as necessary. We
have, then, the legal tribunal, and we have the
vote—a major vote of the whole. We have in
fact also a majority of the members of the Senate
bodily present; and if there can be any efficacy,
as it has been claimed by some gentlemen, that
there is efficacy in the bodily presence—a major-
ity of one of those branches of the General As-
sembly, to wit, the Senate, we have had the bodily
presence of a majority of the members of the Sen-
ate at the time when the vote was taken, for we
had two Senators present, but not voting; a'id
fifteen—not a majority, I agree, but certainly a
very large minority of all the Senators—concur-
ring in the vote, and voting for the sitting mem-
ber. It is not, therefore, even nominally a with-
drawal of the Senate fi-org the joint convention,
for almost a majority remained and voted, and a
majority was present. Under these circumstances
I say the convention provided under the laws
of Iowa for the purpose of electing a Senator,
has met and has elected, and the sitting member
is the individual chosen by them.
I need not go into the question of the validity
of an election by a joint vote. A great majority
of the States have adopted that mode, in pursu-
ance of the authority conferred by the Constitu-
tion to prescribe the mode. In Connecticut, where
we think we do things about right, whatever
others may think of us, wo make our election by
concurrent ballot, and it requires a major vote of
each branch of the General Assembly, acting in-
dependently and by itself, just as in passing a
law, to elect a Senator. That, however, is not
insisted on as the sole and only mode known to
the Constitution; and unless the ground be taken
distinctly that the choosing of a Senator by the
Legislature of a State is making a law, no objec-
tion, I think, can be made to the regularity of the
proceedings of this joint convention. No gentle-
man here claims that the Legislature, in choosing
a Senator, are to act as in making a law; for if
so, of course each branch must agree to the elec-
tion, the Governor must approve it, and ail the
forms necessary to a legislative act must be gone
through with. They must do it by bill; it must
have the form of a legal enactment; it must be,
in other words, a legislative act, and go through
all the forms of legislation, if by the term " Legis-
lature" it is to be understood that the Legislature
are to act as in making a law; but that is not
claimed.
I know that a suggestion is made in regard to
the validity of proceedings that appear valid on
their face, as, for instance, a vote of the Senate
when there is less than a majority present, there
being no division, no yeas and nays called; but
that does not by any means make the difference
between this and a valid election; for in this very
case, and I believe in the State of Virginia, Mr.
President, from which, you come, it may appear
even on the record that one branch of the'LegisIa-
ture does not concur in the result, and yet the
election is had. It appears of record, and as part
of the record, that the Senate, for instance, does
not agree with the other House in the joint action
of the two, but still the Senator is duly elected.
It is not by any means the case, because* this mat-
ter does not appear of record, that, therefore, it
has been passed over, and passed over improp-
erly, as legal when it was not legal; for under
these circumstances it does appear of record
that the"Senate, for instance, if the names of the
Senators are recorded as they are in tins case, do
not concur in the major vote—in the joint action
of the whole body; but that is of no consequence,
because a majority of the whole vote for a given
individual who is elected.
I have spoken, Mr. President, without prepa-
ration, and in a desultory way, I am aware. I
rose to give my views on this matter at the pres-
ent time, rather than to occupy time on another
day, when other and abler gentlemen will enlighten
the Senate, if it needs further enlightening, on the
subject we are to decide.
Mr. SEWARD obtained the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is now three o'clock,
and I believe the vote cannot be taken to-day. I
understand several members have left the Senate
on that supposition. 1 would suggest, therefore,
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. SEWARD, I believe there are some
messages on the table from the President of the
United States, which should be disposed of. 1
