1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
250
of establishing, by law, a post route from Brownsville, in
Prairie county, Arkansas, to Taylor's Bluff, on White river,
in said State, and report by bill or otherwise.
VENEZUELAN INTERFERENCE IN AVES.
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire, submitted the
following resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested, if in his opinion not inconsistent with the public
interests, to communicate to the Senate such information
as may be on file in the Department of State, relative to
the interference, at the Island of Aves, in the Caribbean
Sea, of the Venezuelan Government with American citi-
zens, who were rightfully in occupancy of said island, as
they believed, anil engaged in collecting guano therelrom ;
said Government having forcibly ejected the said American
citizens from their said lawful occupancy and employment.
And also to communicate what measures have been taKen,
if any, by the Government of the United States, to obtain
redress from the Government of Venezuela.
RECOMMITTAL OP A BILL.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, the bill (S.
No. 350) for the relief of Dr. Charles D. Max-
well, was read the second time, and recommitted
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
GAKMAN, WIGLE, AND BENFORD.
Mr. BIGLER. The Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 429) to authorize the Postmaster
General to executea contract with Messrs. Gar-
man, Wigle, and Benford, for carrying the mail
from Cumberland, Maryland, to Greensburg,
Pennsylvania, have instructed me to report the
same back, with the recommendation that it be
passed. This is a very unimportant measure to
_,the public Treasury, and yet it is necessary that
it be disposed of early. I ask that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. If it gives rise to no debate,
I will not object to its being taken up; but I have
reported an appropriation bill which I am anxious
to have disposed of in the morning hour.
Mr. BIGLER. I will state for the satisfaction
of the Senator, that it is precisely, word for word,
the bill which the Senate passed on my motion
a few days since. The House, insteacWIf passing
the Senate bill, passed a House bill in precisely
the same words. It is a bill correcting a bid for
a mail contract, in accordance with a communi-
cation from the Postmaster General.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to the consideration of the bill It
authorizes the Postmaster General to execute a
contract with Messrs. Garman, Wigle, and Ben-
ford, on route No. 3331, at the sum of $4,320 per
annum.
Mr. CLAY. I must object to the consideration
of that bill. It is one of those legislative contracts
to the making of which I am opposed at any time,
and I must object until I can look into it.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator from
Pennsylvania will let it lie over.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the Senator will listen
to the rpport of the Postmaster General. The
Senate has passed a bill in precisely the same
words as this one. I must insist on the reading
of the communication of the Postmaster General
before laying the bill over. It may be difficult
to get it up again. I ask for the reading of the
communication.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Host Office Department, May 12,1855.
Sir : I have received the accompanying communication
from Messrs. Garman, Wigle, and Benford, accepted bid-
ders at the late lettingsof mail contracts, on route No. 3331,
ftom Cumberland, Maryland, to Wreensburg, Pennsylva-
nia, with the affidavit of* A. H. Cofforth, representing their
intention to bid $4,320 instead of $320.
I am entirely satisfied, from the facts and circumstances
set forth, that a mistake was made in this case, as alleged
by the bidders ^ but, being without power to correct the
same, I beg leave to recommend that Congress afford the
desired relief by passing an act authorizing a contract at
$4,320, the amount of the intended bid, being $1,680 less
than any other bid received for similar service.
I have the honor to be, &c.,
JAMES CAMPBELL,
Postmaster General.
Hon, Daniel Mace, Chairman Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, Mouse of Representatives.
Mr. ADAMS. I understand the Senator from
Alabama to object to the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He cannot object, the
Senate having agreed to take it up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
before the Senate by their consent.
Mr. ADAMS. A bill can only bo read once
on one day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was twice
read before its reference to the committee. The
only reading now is the third reading. The Sen-
ator can object to the passage of the bill if he
thinkisi proper, after it shall have been read the
third time.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cdllom, their Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the enrolled bill increasing the pension of
George W. Torrence;and it was signed by the
President pro tempore.
SARAH B. WEBBER.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I offer the follo wing res-
olution, and ask for its immediate consideration:
Resolved, That in the matter of the petition of Sarah B.
Webber, referred by the Senate to the Court of Claims on
the 23d day of May, in the year 18.73. the court be requested
to take the evidence which shall be produced by the peti-
tionei, and repori the • facts to Congress with or without a
bill as to the court shall seeiu expedient.
Mr. HUNTER. I think that deserves some
consideration. It is a direction to the court as to
how they are to manage this case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a mere request. I
will state to the Senator that I had at first some
doubt about it myself, but on consideration I do
not think there is any difficulty in regard to it.
A case was referred to the Court of Claims, of
their jurisdiction, in which they have some doubt,
under an ordinary reference; and I understand,
from a gentleman of high character, that the
chief justice suggested to him that they might
take testimony "in such cases, where the body
presenting made the request. If that request had
been made at the time the case was rcfened, they
would have taken the testimony, but that was
omitted accidentally. It can either go in the
shape of a resolution, or I have the petition in ;
my hand, and can offer it anew,'with a motion j
that it be referred in that way. I take it that this j
is the most simple way to accomplish the pur- t
pose. If it does not authorize the court to take J
the testimony, they will say so. If it does, they i
will take the testimony. It is one of those cases ;
where, perhaps, from its nature, they can have
jurisdiction to do no more than report the testi-
mony, and that they will not do, I understand, :
without the request of the body referring it.
Mr. STUART. I am entirely opposed to the
Senate's requesting the Court of Claims to do ,
anything. It not only gives them no jurisdiction, j
but I think the Senate should not make a request '
even of a coordinate branch of the Government, !
except in relation to its own business. J
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair !
would remark to the Senator from Maine, that if j
the resolution be objected to it cannot be con- j
sidered to-day. '
Mr. HUNTER. Let it lie over. j
Mr. FESSENDEN. In that case, I ask leave |
to withdraw the resolution, and offer the original
petition, and move its reference to the Court of
Claims, with a request that they take the testi- 1
mony in the case. !
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu
tion will be consideied as withdrawn,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now present the peti-<f
tion,-and move that it lie referred to the Court of
Claims, with a request that they will take the
testimony m the case. It is the petition of Sarah
B. Webber, widow of John A. Webber, late mil-
itary storekeeper at the United States arsenal at
Watertown, Massachusetts, praying compensa-
tion for the use by the Government of an improve-
ment of her late husband m the construction of
gun-carriages.
Mr. STUART. In that form I object to the
proposition. Wc can do nothing more than refer
the case,1md I object to sending along with the
reference any request whatever. I have no ob-
jection to the Senate referring the cage to the
court. That we have a right to do; but I think
the Senate should see to it that wo do not send
along with it a petition of our own. We have
authority under the law to refer the case, and
that is the end of our authority. So far as 1 am
concerned, as an individual member of the body,
I confess that I have great objection—I may say
insurmountable objection, to sending to the Court
of Claims a request of the Senate that they will
act in a case upon which otherwise they,.^-®4®?
righ t to act. I must ask for the sense of the,
on that last branch of the proposition, : :
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a matter in whfofe
have not a particle of interest, or feeling,*Of..wisK,*
one way or the other; but a gentleman wKoirf I V '
know, of very high character, from jay sectipft
of the country, and who is here to attend to some
matters before the Court of Claims, stated to
me that this petition of Sarah B. Webber was
originally presented in the Senate, that it went
to the Committee on Claims, and that committee
reported that it should be referred to the Court
of Claims. I do not know the exact nature of
the case, but the chairman of the committee [Mr.
Brodhead] was to report it, as he understood,
with the request that the court would take the.
testimony. He reported it without that request.
It went to the Court of Claims, and that court,
on examination, have decided informally, that it
is not one of those cases of which the act specific-
ally gives them jurisdiction, but they take juris-
diction of such cases when specially referred to
them by either House of Congress, under the
last clause of the statute, so far that where there
is a special request or direction in that particular,
they will proceed to take the testimony and re-
port it; and therefore the chief justice suggested,
as I understand, that a resolve, the petition being
there, giving that special direction, might accom-
plish the "object desired, of procuring the testi-
mony in a reliable form. The suggestion, I
understand, comes from the chief justice of the
court. If that is the view they take of it, I do
not know why we should not have the question
speciiically settled by the decision of the Court
of Claims in that way, so far as they can settle
it, when no difficulty can follow from it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
does not understand that any other motion is
before the Senate, than a motion to refer the pe-
tition to the Court of Claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; a motion' to
refer it to the Court of Claims, with the direction
or request—I do not care in what language it is
put, but I think request is more respectful, more
proper, more courteous—that the Court of Claims
will proceed to take the testimony in the case to
be reported to the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will then suggest to the Senator from Maine to
put in writing the special form of the request he
desires.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will do that in a mo-
ment.
The motion of the honorable Senator from
Maine having been reduccd to writing, was stated  
as follows:
That the petition of Sarah B. Webber be referred to the
Court of Claims for the purpose of having the testimony
m said case taken by said couit and reported to Congress.
Mr. STUART. This language is different
from that indicated by the Senator in his remarks;
but I submit that it amounts, substantially, to the
same thing; and I want to call the attention of
the Sennte to the terms of the law, as I remember
them. The law, in the first place, defines the
jurisdiction of that court in a specific manner,
: and then adds: "such other cases as shall be
referred to it by either House of Congress."
This is, substantially, the provision of the law.
Now, I submit, that, under that law, the only
action the Senate can take is simply to refer a
case. When a petition or a memorial is pre-
sented to the Senate, a Senator may move to refer
it to the Court of Claims. What the effect of
the reference is can be determined by the court
j alone; but that the Senate should do no more and
no less, and that it can do neither more nor less
than just what the law authorizes, seems to me
to be not only clear in itself, but to constitute the
propriety of action on the part of this body.
Therefore, I move to strike out all the explana-
tion from this motion. .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must announce that the hour for the considera-
tion of the special order, half past twelve o clock,
having arrived, it must be taken up, unless other-
wise ordered by the Senate.
PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. Imported this morning from
