1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
what manner the Legislature of a State shall
perform that act independently of all State con-
stitutions.
The Coagress of the United States has prac-
tically waived this right, and devolved that duty
on the Legislature of Iowa, as it was authorized
to do by the Constitution of the United States.
The manner prescribed by the Legislature of
Iowa does not conflict with any article of the
Constitution of the United States. It would not
be at all affected by any conflict with the consti-
tution of Iowa, insomuch as no control over the
subject whatever resides in the people of Iowa
by whom the constitution was made.
Mr. President, this transaction is a judicial one.
I have approached it, I trust, free from partiality
or prejudice. The question is an important one.
The decision may be drawn into a precedent to
affect hereafter the rights of sixty States, and the
safety, welfare, and union of this confederate
Republic hundreds of years hence, when this
people shall number, not as now by tens, but
by hundreds of millions.
I therefore confine my judgment to this case as
it stands on the facts. I do not prejudge other
cases winch shall present other facts, nor lay
down principles for other and extreme cases. I
can foresee possible abuses to come from a mis-
application of the principles I have adopted. But
abuses will attach themselves to. all principles as
barnacles will to the smoothest and strongest
bottoms.
I repose, on my conclusion with the more con-
fidence, because it is one which tends to secure
the Senate, and-through it the Federal Govern-
ment, against the efforts of faction and of ambition
to disorganize the Union, and subvert the Re-
publican Government here, which is the chief
guaranty of civilization everywhere.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, when the re-
port was made in this case by the Judiciary
Committee I had concluded not to trouble the
Senate at all with any remarks of mine. The
basis of that report was so clearly stated by the
chairman, and his reasons to my mipd were so
perfectly conclusive, that it seemed to me any
Senator might vote without being liable to mis-
representation hereafter as to the ground on which
he liad cast that vote. But, sir, in the course of
the discussion, so many suggestions have been
raised which serve to give a coloring to this pro-
ceeding on the one side or the other, that I deem
it my duty to ask the attention of the Senate
while I state a few reasons which to my mind
appear to be conclusive in this case.
1 may say that it would afford me great pleas-
ure to be able to cast my vote in favor of the re-
tention of this seat by the honorable gentleman
who now occupies it. It is not necessary to
give my reasons for so declaring. If I were to
consult my wishes, they are all on that side.
But, sir, it seems to me that this case presents to
the Senate the consideration of a principle which,
although of no practical consequence now, may
and probably will become, of very great import-
ance hereafter. I do not intend to trouble the
Senate with a detailed view of this case. That
has been presented by several Senators who have |
preceded me. I shall make only a statement.
The Constitution of the United States, it has
been well Jjaid, is the source from which the
power to elect a Senator of the United States is
derived. Its language is, that Senators shall be
chosen by the Legislatures of the States. If we
keep in view the distinction between a Legis-
lature and the members who compose a Legis-
lature, we steer clear of all difficulties. The
election must be be by " the Legislature." Now,
when are the members of a Legislature in a con-
dition to be called a Legislature ? Only when
they are organized as such. If we were con-
sidering tins as a case of first impression, it
would, I doubt not, be said that the election must
be by each House of the Legislature, actijig in
the same manner that it acts in performing legis-
lative business. But, as has been said by the
honorable Senator from New York, the Senate, by
a long course of action, has conceded that both
Houses of the Legislature may act jointly, and
that will be a compliance with the Constitution
of the "United States. Now, I submit the ques-
tion, can the Senate of the United States go any
further in that direction in compliance with the
Constitution ? The Constitution requiring that
the election shall be by the Legislature, have we
not gone to the utmost limit when we allow the
separate Houses to be combined in the election ?
It seems to me that we have.
It is conceded that the joint convention of the
Iowa Legislature in the first instance was prop-
erly organized in pursuance of a resolution ema-
nating from one House and concurred in by the
other, the two Houses having met in joint con-
vention. If, as in some States, this convention
had no power to adjourn from day to day, there
would be no confusion in the case, because, when-
ever the convention adjourned without making a
choice, it was an adjournment without day, and
there could be no other joint convention without
another law of the State, or a joint resolution of
both Houses. I shall seek to show that the fact
that this convention had the power to adjourn
under the law of Iowa, which I think a very wise
power, does not at all-change the necessity of the
action of the Legislature, and I shall seek to show
that the law of Iowa itself does not assume to
change it, but, on the contrary, furnishes us in
all its details with the clearest evidence that the
Legislature of Iowa, in enacting that law, in-
tended aperfect compliance with the Constitution
of the United States, by requiring the Legislature
to meet as separate organized bodies, and when
combined as such bodies forming a joint conven-
tion. I have said that but for the power of
adjournment from time to time, there would be
no question in the matter. Now, let us sec what
are some of the provisions of the law of Iowa
under which this action was had. In the first
place, I will premise that the plare fixed for the
joint meeting is the hall of the House of Rep-
resentatives. The election must be had during
the session—that is, the entire session of the
Legislature. It is presumable, then, that the hall
of the House of Representatives is occupied by
that House, and consequently when the law of
Iowa fixes that place for holding this election, it
shows the necessity of what Senators denominate
mere courtesy between the Houses. The House
of Representatives are in session on the day at
which the election is to be held. The Senate
cannot know that the condition of the business of
that House is such as to permit them to meet the
Senate in joint convention in their hall until they
have been officially notified of it according to the
forms of courtesy. Hence, in this case, the
House of Representatives of the State of Iowa
performed not only the courtesy due between the
two Houses, but performed an act which was
necessary under the law of Iowa, when it sent
its message to the Senate on the adjourned day,
and informed the Senate that it was ready to meet
them again in joint convention. The second sec-
tion of the Iowa law provides:
" The I'resident of the Senate, or in Ins absence the
Speaker of ihe House of Representatives, shall preside over
the deliberations of the convention; and in the absence of
both, a President pro tempore shall be appointed by joint
voice-
On the 6th of January, 1855, the Speaker of
the Iowa House of Representatives was present
all the time, and yet the alleged convention, as•
it was organized, went on to elect a presiding
officer in the very face of the law of Iowa. The
third section contains an important provision for
this case:
" At any time prior to meeting in convention as afore-
said, after the time for meeting has been designated, as
aforesaid1'— v
That is, after it has been agreed to by the sep-
arate act of each House acting on a joint resolu-
tion—
—" each branch of the General Assembly shall appoint one
teller.
Here it is evident that the Legislature of Iowa,
in passing this law to govern the election of a
United States Senator, carefully keeps up the idea
of the separate action of each of the legislative
bodies.
u and the two tellers thus appointed shall aet as judges of
the election.55
It was said by my honorable friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Pugh] that these tellers were in the char-
acter of mere clerks; that anybody else could per-
form the service just as well; ana that they were
simply to receive the votes. It will be observed,
however, that one teller is to be appointed by
each House as a judge. Why? Because, being
an officer of that House, he knows who are the i
persons entitled to vote—a fact which a stranger
would not know.
Mr. PUGH. Will my friendallow me to sug-
gest that the law requires the list to be made up
By the Clerk of the House ? It does not require it
to be made up by the tellers; so that the fact who
are the voters does not come before the tellers at
all, because the list is made up prior to the action
of the tellers.
Mr. STUART. I will show the Senator tnat
he is mistaken as to this provision. The act, as
I have said, in the absence of the President of
the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives, authorizes an appointment ofaPres-
ident pro tempore. In that case, which may well
arise, you perceive the importance of one teller
being an officer of the Senate, and the other an
officer of the House, knowing who are the mem-
bers—I mean knowing officially; 1 do not mean
from a man's general acquaintance, but knowing
the members officially from the records of the
body of which he is an officer, he knows, when a
man offers to vote, whether he is entitled to vote
or not, and hence he is called a judge of the elec-
tion.. May he not reject a vote? Certainly
Suppose a stranger who is not a member of either
House offers to vote, may not these judges reject
his vote, and say he is not a member of the Sen-
ate, or is not a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and then bring the fact to the notice
of the presiding officer, who, of course, in the
end would decide, subject to appeal, whether he
was or was not a member?
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator will examine the
statute, he will find that the. teller has nothing to
do with that business. The Clerk of the House
calls the roll. The member answers viva voce.
The teller merely enters the vote after that is
done; then the teller reads the list, the name of
each member, and the name of the person for
whom he voted, and adds up the number of
votes, and hands it to the presiding officer. kThat
is his whole duty under the statute, laid down in
black and white.
Mr. STUART. I am aware of that; but sup-
pose a man answers on the call of John Doe's
name; and the judge of the House to which John
Doe belongs, says: "You have no right to an-
swer; you are not a member of our House:" may
he not do so ? I only introduce this to show that
there is a meaning, an essential meaning, in this
provision of the law of Iowa.
Again, the fourth section provides:
" The Secretary of the Senate and the Chief Clerk of the
House of Representatives shall each keepafairand correct
record of the proceedings of the convention, which shall be
entered upon the Journals of each branch of the General
Assembly."
I ask, Mr. President, how can this be done, if
the officers of the Senate are not there, and if the
Senate is not there as an organized body ? How
can each House, by virtue of its Chief Clerk, have
a record of the proceedings of this convention,
and spread it on its Journals, unless each House
is there as an organized body, with its officers ?
It cannot be done. The law cannot be complied
with without it. As I said, I mention these
things to show that they are essential elements
to convince us that the Legislature of Iowa, in
passing this law, intended to keep up the ideaof
a joint convention, consisting of the organized
bodies of that Legislature. We find, on turning
to the proceedings in this case, that after the last
adjournment there is on the J ournal of the Senate
no record of any proceedings in joint convention;
but we find that the very first act of that Senate,
after meeting again at the day to which they had
adjourned, was to introduce and pass resolutions
declaring that they had no knowledge of the
alleged election of a United States Senator. Tha.t
would seem to be enough. When the Senate of
the United States is called on to decide -whether
the Legislature of Iowa have elected a Senator,
and one branch of the Legislature informs us that
it has no knowledge of the alleged election, that
would seem to be conclusive in itself of the fact,
that the Legislature had not made any such elec-
tion. Not only have we this information, but
the Senate of Iowa has sent us the record; and
we find that the statement of that Senate is cor-
roborated by the facts, and conceded in the argu-
ment of this case.
It is insisted, Mr. President, that inasmuch as
a majority of the members of the whole number
