26$
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January %
composing the Legislature of Iowa voted m favor
of the present occupant of the seat, and inasmuch
as that majority could, if the convention had
been, as I contend it should have been, properly
organized, have made the election, we have the
substance — so some Senators declare — of the
thing; we have precisely the same result, and
therefore ought to indorse it. If any gentleman
here were called upon to decide whether an alleged
emctment of" Iowa was a valid law or not, and
he were told that all the members of the Legisla-
ture called together in a court-house had voted
for it, would he say that it was just as much a
law as if they had enacted it according to the
constitutional requirements of the State of Iowa ?
Could he affirm its validity on the ground that, if
they had been organized according to .the consti-
tution of Iowa, the same voters giving the same
votes could have passed a law, and that there-
fore you had the substance, and why contend
for the form? Is not that the argument? The
answer is, that the form constitutes the substance.
The answer is, that the members of a Legislature
are not the Legislature. It is only when they
are in an organized form, according to the re-
quirements of the constitution and laws of the
State, that they are a Legislature at all. That is
the reason, and that reason will come back to us
upon every point of this inquiry. If the Con-
stitution of the United States had said " the
Senators in Congress shall be chosen by the mem-
bers of the State Legislature," that would have
presented an entirely dilferent question. It is
competent for a State to make its judges—its
Legislature; but it would only be when they were
organized as a court that they would be entitled
to choose.
I think the position taken by the -honorable
Senator from New York is readily answered,
even if you allow the soundness of his ground—
which certainly I cannot. I agree to it only as
far as this: that the States have the sole power to
define the place, time, and manner of choosing a
Senator, in the absence of any determination by
Congress; but he must be chosen by " the Legis-
lature;" to that they are limited. They may say
where the Legislature shall do it; they may say
when the Legislature shall do it; but they cannot
say that a majority of the members of a Legisla-
ture, associated in mass convention, can elect a
Senator. The Senate, in this case, must de"
termine that the members of the Legislature of
Iowa, assembled in mass convention, could elect
a Senator, or else they must refuse the present
occupant his scat. The ground assumed by the
honorable Senator from New York is, that it is
competent for the Legislature to do that. 1 have
shown, I think, by what I have already read,
that, even if we concede the power, the Jaw of
Iowa has not been complied with. The Presi-
dent of the Senate was not there; the Speaker of
the House of Representatives was there, and the
law of Iowa says that, being there, he should pre-
side. There was 110 power, therefore, to have
any other presiding officer. The law of Iowa
conferred no other power, and an election of any-
body else for presiding officcr was without au-
thority. I have shown that the law requires that
each House shall have its judge of election there.
The judge on the part of the Senate was not there,
as tjie record shows, I have shown that the law
of Iowa requires that the proceedings of the con-
vention should be spread on the Journals of the
Senate and House of Representatives. They are
not so spread on the Journal of the Senate, and
could not be, because there was no Senate there. 1
In all cases of which I know anything—and
certainly it is an indispensable requisite of the j
Constitution in my judgment—neither House of 1
the Legislature ever adjourns while they are sit-
ting in joint convention; and I submit that, if
cither House does adjourn beforehand, it cannot
meet the other in joint convention; it ceases to ;j
be ajomt convention, which is the simple bring- |l
ing together of two organized bodies, and becomes !l
a mere mass convention, or a convention in the
aggregate, composed .of individuals, and not of i;
organized bodies. Hence, as I said, they never
do adjourn; but the Senate, being notified that ii
• the House of Representatives is ready to receive "
thera in joint convention, proceed as an organized j!
body to the Chamber of the House of Represent- Ij
atives, and take their seats; and not until after i[
they have returned to the Senate Chamber do
they adjourn. Let that course be pursued, and
the law of Iowa can be complied with, because
the Senate, returning to its own Chamber, can
instruct the proper clerk to record the proceedings
which have transpired in the joint convention,
and then adjourn; but without that they must
rely upon hearsay, for they have no officer who
was present in his official capacity in the joint
convention authorized to keep a record and spread
it on their Journal. A stranger could not do that.
It must be done by an officer of the Senate, as
the law of Iowa requires. In this case, the mo-
ment the Senate of Iowa adjourned, it ceased to
have the power to go into joint convention.
In this connection, let me state another propo-
sition, which I doubt not every Senator will con-
cede as true. There was a proceeding by the
alleged joint convention to notify absentees. Who
can do that ? Who can bring them in ? Most
clearly, when "a Legislature is in joint convention,
according to my view, if a Senator is absent, it
is as competent for the presiding officer of the
Senate to direct the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Sen-
ate to bring that Senator in, as it would be if they
were in their own Chamber. But can he direct
the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House of Represent-
atives to bring in a member of that House ? Surely
not. This is an important consideration in the
inquiry before us, because it may well happen
that members of either body thus brought together
in joint convention may be absent. It may well
happen that a quorum will be destroyed by that
species of absence; and the question arises, who
held the parliamentary power to bring in an ab-
sent member, and compel his attendance ? No
one but the presiding officer of the body of which
he is a member. Again, has the presiding officer
of either body any such power at all, except
when his body is organized as such ? It does not
attach to the person because he is the presiding
officcr of the Senate, but it attaches to his office;
and while the Senate is organized, he, as its pre-
siding officer, possesses the parliamentary power
to bring in the absentees by sending the Sergeant-
at-Arms for them. In this case, when the Senate
of Iowa had adjourned to meet on Monday, what
intermediate control had the Senate over the mem-
bers of that body ? None whatever. They could
i not control the action of a member of that body
at all; and this shows that there can be no com-
pliance with the Constitution of the United States,
except when the Legislature meets in joint con-
vention composed of the organized bodies of
which that Legislature consists.
There are many other views, Mr; President,
which may be submitted on this case. As I said
before, however, I did not rise to present any
elaborate view of it; but simply, in connection
with the arguments which had heretofore been
| submitted, and such as might hereafter be pre-
; sented, to submit certain propositions, either of
| which seemed to me to be entirely unanswerable
if we hold to a compliance with the Constitution
of the United States. My conclusion is, that
the adjournment of the Senate beyond the time
to which the joint convention had adjourned, is
perfectly fatal to this election, because the Senate
thereby placed it out of its power to meet as an
organized body in joint convention at the time
fixed; and it is only as an organized body that
the Constitution of the United States permits it
j to act at all in the election of Senator.
I I know it is contended that this convention
fbeing once properly organized, it became an in-
! dependent body, with the power to preserve itself
without any further action of either House sep-
arately. To my mind that proposition would lead
to an utter subversion of the requirements of the
Constitution of the United States. It is said in
this case that the law of Iowa requires that the
election shall be made during the entire session
of the Legislature; but if this proposition be
sound it would be competent for the law of Iowa
to take away that limitation, and then the argu-
ment would have its full scope—that the conven-
tion being once properly organized it has the
power to perpetuate its existence as an independ-
ent body indefinitely; and then I ask whether it
could ever be called an election by a Legislature ?
Much inconvenience would arise, as will be obvi-
ous to every^ gentleman, from maintaining the
truth of that proposition. The House of Repre-
sentatives being the more numerous body can
prevent an adjournment; it can fix the time of
adjournment; and if the House of Representa-
tives in this case had decided to adjourn the con-
vention beyond the final day of the adjournment
of the Legislature, could they not have done it?
That would have been beyond the law of Iowa,
and would have put it out of their po wer to hold
an election at all, because the law of Iowa limits
the authority to elect to the entire session of the
Legislature. This convention, however,as I have
said, having the power to adjourn, could adjourn
to a day beyond the session; and then, I take it,
nobody would contend that an election of Sena-
tor could be held. So the power of this conven-
tion to adjourn, which, as I remarked in the out-
set, is the only element of confusion in this case,
when properly considered, is a wise power author-
izing these bodies to consult the conveniences of
legislation. They may adjourn the convention,
go back to their respective Houses, go on with
legislation, do their duty to the State of Iowa,
and neither House can prevent the other.
Let me put an instance; and I call the attention
of Senators to it. Suppose one House withdraws
from this convention entirely, after it is organized,
and before an adjournment: if the House of
Representatives withdraws, there is no quorum
left, and there can be nothing done; but if the
Senate withdraws entirely, there is a majority
still remaining, and the election could be made,
not by the Legislature, but by the House of
Representatives alone; and the argument of Sen-
ators here goes to show that that would be a
constitutional election, though every Senator had
withdrawn from the convention! My judgment
is against it; and while I deprecate, as strongly
as any Senator can, faction in any such instance,
yet my "opinion of Slate rights is this: let the
States take care of the factionists. If a member
of a Legislature sees such a condition of things
as, in his judgment, makes it his duty to his
State to break up an election, let him take the
responsibility, and go to his constituents for jus-
tification or condemnation. The moment the
Senate of the United States shall undertake to
act upon j^is argument of policy, they will find
themselves invading the rights of the States to a
very serious extent. I had occasion to say, Mr.
President, in an argument here in respect to a
seat claimed by a former colleague [Mr. Phelps]
of yours, [Mr. Foot in the chair,] what I thmk
is true, that the Constitution of the United State#
does not make it incumbent on us to take meas-
ures for perpetuating this body. If a State sees
fit to pursue a course which deprives her of repre-
sentation in whole or in part in this body, it is
her right. She takes the responsibility and the
consequences. Besides, it is a futile attempt if
the Senate of the United States enter upon it.
You have no coercive power; the whole General
Go vernment of the United States is without co-
ercive power, to compel the States to send any
representatives to either House; and it is only to
the patriotism and to the wisdom of. the people
that you can address yourselves to perpetuate
i this Government. There, in my judgment—and
| I say it, certainly, with all respect for the opinions
of other Senators—we should rest it. Our simple
inquiry should be, has the Constitution of the
United States been fairly complied with in the
, election ? If it has been, the applicant is entitled
j to his seat; if it has not been, the r^ponsibility
j is with the State.
! Let us look at the immediate consequence. If
j we reject an applicant, the State may immediately
i hold a new election. It may be that it would
1 not, in some instances, choose the applicant. In
| this case, I am happy to believe they would, so-
| that no injury can be done by our action. It may
I be, however, that it would not choose him-, but
! if so, the effect of rejecting him is simply to pro-
I duce the delay of a short time. There is the
j power of the Governor to assemble the Legisla-
! ture of the State at all times, m order to hold
elections. But if we make a mistake in seeking
to take care of the interests of the States of this
Union, and preserve a majority in this body, ours
is a mistake which places it out of the power of
the State to reach the incumbent under six yeara,
if he lives so long. Hence, in a case that was
doubtful—a case that I, after fairly considering,
should call doubtful, I should vote against the
incumbent, rather than take the hazard of voting
to seat an individual for six years who might
be distasteful to the State which he claimed to
