1857/
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
as individuals; but this does not apply after that
one body lias merged itself into another body.
There cannot be two bodies, the lesser within
the greater; because if the lesser body goes into
the greater body, it makes a part of that greater
body, and there are no longer two bodies, but
one. The body in this case was the joint con-
vention, the General Assembly, and the Senate
■was merged into it. It was no longer a separate*
body, but it was food and aliment to make and
support the convention; and the convention alone
had power, and the convention alone had vitality.
The Senate and House of Representatives are
the constituted elements which are to come to-
gether, and when they come together they cease
to be the House, they cease to be the Senate, and
they constitute a joint convention, and upon that
joint convention devolve certain duties. As was
well said by the honorable Senator from Georgia,
it would have been perfectly competent for the
people of Iowa to say that their Legislature in
that condition should perform all their legislative
functions. They might have provided for elect-
ing members to one body, to form the Legis-
lature. They have not done this; but they have
said, there shall be a Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives for certain purposes; for making laws
they shall act separately; for certain purposes
the Senate shall be one body, and for certain
purposes the House of Representatives shall be
one body, and for certain other purposes the two
together shall make one body and neither sepa-
rately shall make a body. That provision was'
made to meet exactly the very case which is now
presented.
I have no great superstitious regard for State-
rights', so as to set myself up as their guardian.
J think, as has been well said, the States can take
care of themselves; but I cannot help thinking
that to turn this Senator out will be an ungracious
act to the State of Iowa. I cannot help feeling
that it will be a sort of indignity to that State. It
will be saying to her, " It is true you have a con-
stitution, and you have laws, but you do not
understand tliem." Remember, sir, this is not
a question arising under the qualifications pre-
scribed in the Constitution of the United States.
" You have a Governor, and he has construed the
law; you have a judiciary, and they have con-
strued the law; and you ha^e a Legislature, and
they have construed the law. These three voices
all concur; butt you donot understand the matter.
The Governor says there was a General Assem-
bly that met and elected a Senator in pursuance
of the Constitution, but we say there was no such
Assembly." Wo say to the people of Iowa, in
substanco, that the judiciary which is adminis-
tering their laws, if they come to the right of the
case, is no judiciary, buta mere cover; thata man
holds his seat there who has no right to it, be-
cause he was chosen by this illegal Assembly,
which undertook to elect a Senator of the United
States, and we turn him out because it had no such
right. ...
Again, sir, there is another view of this case.
By the constitution of the State of Iowa, the
judges of the supreme court are chosen in the
same way that the Senators of the United States
are, and hold their seats for six years, and until
their successors are chosen and qualified. The
retiring judge looks upon this law just as the
incoming one does. He makes no claim to hold
over; nobody made any such claim for him. He
went out and- a- new judge came in; so that it
seems to me it will be an ungracious task for us
to set ourselves up and say to the State of Iowa,
"You do notunderstand your duty; andnotwithr
standing the fact, that this election has had the
sanction of all the departments of your govern-
ment, and year after year they have been con-
tent and silent, yet at this late period we have
found out that it is all a mistake." Sir, we
ought to be careful how we meddle with this
matter. If we undertake to institute such sub-
tilties and sophistries as have been introduced
into this discussion, I do not know that there are
many members here who could hold their seats.
I know that my title is not so good as this Sen-
ator's, for the Legislature preceding the one that
elected me had a majority of the two bodies in
favor of another man, but they did not happen
to have a joint convention to come together and
give effect to their will. Taking the votes which
a certain Mr. Wells got in the House of Repre-
sentatives and in the Senate, and putting them
together, he had a majority of the two bodies.
If you are going to introduce subtil ties of this
sort, they will be applied both ways, and I ex-
pect that an inquiry will be made into my right
to a seat, and I shall be turned out; because if
the votes had been brought together in the usual
mode adopted of ascertaining the public senti-
ment of some States, they would not have elected
me. They wtftild not at that time, but they have
grown wiser since. [Laughter.]
Some persons say that we do not sit here to
correct these things. Very true; we do not; and
they ought to be referred to the people, and let
the people take care of them. That has been
done. Iowa has done her duty in this respect.
The question of the conduct of these Senators
has been referred to the people, and they have
passed upon it. I have not a word to say as to
the judgment of the people. I do not feel any
great solicitude, so far as my friend who sits,at
my right is concerned. If you send him home,
he will come_ back, or some man equally sound
with him, will be here in his place; so that, so far
as that is concerned, it cannot disturb us at all.
But there is a question of courtesy behind all
this, and there are some other questions of right.
I fear, knowing human nature as I do, that
there may lurk in the breasts of some of us a
desire, by a vota, of the Senate, to vindicate some
of our political friends from the charge of having
acted factiously in refusing to go into this con-
vention. I do not know, and I do not charge,
that there is any such desire; but knowing the
infirmity of human nature, and knowing how apt
sometimes we are to mistake consideiatioris of
this sort for those convictions which ought only
to be worked upon the understanding, I fear that
something of this kind may possibly mingle itself
with the notions of some of the outsiders, who
are found starting the investigation at this late
time, because, if it was from areal desire to purify
the Senate, if it was from a real desire to vindi-
cate the rights of the State of Iowa, and if that
was all, I cannot account for the fact that it has
been suffered to slumber so long, and is brought
up at the present time.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, it must be a
matter of profound regret that the Senator from
New Hampshire has not been able to discover,
in the arguments which have been made in oppo-
sition to his views, anything worthy of the name
of even decent sophistry. I presume he deems
his own speech such a conclusive argument as to
settle all the matters in dispute. He cannot dis-
cover how men, entertaining different views from
himself, can be governed by worthy motives.
Mr. HALE. I did not say so.
Mr. DOUGLAS. lie did not say so, but he
insinuated it about a dozen times in the course
of his speech. I think it is as honorable and as
manly to sayan offensive thing as to insinuate it,
and then declare that it has not been said. He
supposes that there must be some outside influ-
ence—some desire to sustain the action of political
friends—something improper and not pertinent
to the decision of a great legal and constitutional
question, influencing the minds of Senators.
Well, sir, if, under the circumstances in which '
this case is presented, he can suppose that a large
body of the Senate arc governed by such motives,
I do not envy him his thoughts. He cannot dis-
cover why the question has been allowed to come
up at this day after one year has elapsed from
the time when the Senator from Iowa took his
seat; and he intimates that there is something
very peculiar, something hidden about it, which
would not bear the inspection of daylight. What
are the facts ? At the opening of the last session
of Congress—I believe on the day when the Sen-
ator from Iowa took his seat—there were laid
upon the table of this body the proceedings of
the Senate of Iowa, declaring that there had been
no election. Am I not right ?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Yes, sir.
Mr. HARLAN. The protest of the Senate
of Iowa had been sent to the Senate of the United
States before th;e adjournment of the Legislature !
of Iowa at which this election took piace, and I
was on the table of the Senate when I arrived |
here. It was called up by the present honorable j
President of the Senate at that time, read, and I
then laid on the table again. I
Mr. DOUGLAS. Thus we had a protest of I
the Senate of the State of Iowa read in open Sen-
ate, and lying upon our tabieV^^lari^iqaJjfflere
had been no election, an^heace'that fHkWlfjjig
member was here without ajvy lawful
Sir, I should have suppo'secf that the .Slnator
from Iowa, being thus delicately' situated, his
right to his seat denied by a concurrent branch
of his own Legislature, would have desired to
have that question settled. When, after waiting
twelve months for him to move in a question
affecting his own right to be here—his right to
cast a vote, the case is brought before us, it ill
becomes his friend, from that fact, to draw the
inference that there is something unworthy in the
Senate of the United States paying such respect
to the action of the Senate of Iowa as to investi-
gate the question.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the Senator to give me
an opportunity to explain.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. HARLAN. I will state-briefly the reason
why I never called up this protest. Individually
I had so doubt of the validity of the election.
The Governor of Iowa, not only in signing the
official certificate of my election, but also in a
private letter addressed to me in reply to inter-
rogatories, had expressed the same opinion. I
had also the written opinion of two of the three
judges of the supreme court of Iowa to the same
effect. I also had a certificate of the clerk of the
supreme court,showing that the third judge of
that court, clected under the same circumstances
that accompanied my election, was sworn in and
permitted to occupy his seat unquestioned from
any quarter. Thus, I had the express opinion
of the Executive, and of two of the judges of the
supreme court, and the action of the tlurd judge,
in support of the validity of this election. The
whole case being thus practically settled, I did
not deem it to be my duty to interrupt it; but
since this matter has been referred ;to in the
Senate, as I think in rather a personal manner,
apparently for the purpose of implicating me in
the neglect of some supposed duty, I will state
that this subject has been called up now, because,
as I have been informed by my friends at Iowa
City, the Democratic members of the Legislature
of Iowa, now in session, have adopted a resolu-
tion in caucus, requesting it to be done. I did
not wish to introduce this political view of the
case to the attention of the Senate; but it seemed
to be required by the line of remark adopted by
the honorable Senator from Illinois.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Iowa is
mistaken if he supposes that I was making these
references to him in a personal manner, or with
a view of impeaching his action. I have not in-
timated that he had not done his duty properly,
but I was repelling the unworthy motives cast by
his friend at his side [Mr. Hale] upon the action
of men who were discharging their duties as con-
scientiously as he can claim to do for himself.
But I will now say that, if the Senate of my own
State had protested against the fairness and hon-
esty of my election, I should have demanded an
investigation of the correctness of that charge. I
should not have deemed it sufficient for me to
take the opinion of a partisan Governor at home,
who had prejudged the case by giving a certifi-
cate in violation of the laws of his own State. I
should not have deemed it sufficient to intrench
myself behind the opinion of a court at home, a
part of which court came into office by the same
unlawful and irregular means. Why should I
not have relied on such authority ? For the sim-
ple reason that the Constitution of the United
States says that the Senate of the United States
" shall be the judge of the elections, returns, and
qualifications of its own members." This body is
the only tribunal on earth having the right to
give a valid opinion in regard to the irregularity
of this election.
I regret that these political allusions have been
made on the other side of the Chamber in con-
nection with the decision of this case. I had
deemed it a matter of congratulation that a ques-
tion of this importance had arisen under such
circumstances, that partisan politics could have
no influence in the decision. If the Senator from
Iowa shall be turned out of his seatas not having
been legally elected, I presume the only effect
will be to send him home to be reelected again
by a Legislature of his own friends, and to give
him perhaps one thousand five hundred dollara
