TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
•will entertain that motion by general consent.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope not. Prom the remarks
■which have been made by the Senator from Illi-'
Hois this afternoon, every Senator will perceive
why I desire the Senate to sit to-morrow. ["No,
no."]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is not in order without the consent of the Senate.
Mr. HALE and others. It is.
Mr. BROWN. With all deference to the gu-
vnor judgment of the Chair, I think the motion
is always in order.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope we shall adjourn to
Monday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question on the adjournment to
Monday.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask for a division on
the question whether we shall adjourn to Mon-
day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is too late
to call for a division. A large majority was in
favor of the motion, and the Chair so announced.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think we had better finish
this subject to-night or to-morrow.
Mr. COLLAMER. So do I.
Mr. BROWN. I want to do now what I pro-
posed to do when I asked leave Jo interrupt the
Senator from Illinois. The Senator inquired,
with great emphasis, was the Senator from Iowa
elected by the Legislature? Upon that, if I
understood him, he based, all the argument to
which I wished to reply. There is a question
whicli lies behind that—what constitutes the
Legislature of Iowa? Is it a quorum of the
House of Representatives, and necessarily a
♦ quorum of the Senate, for the purpose of electing
a United States Senator? If so, then I take the
ground that the Senator from Virginia, and half
a dozen or more other Senators here, have not
been properly elected, because they did not receive
a majority of each House of their Legislature.
They simply obtained a majority of the joint
meeting; they had nothing more. When you
cast up the'aggregate vote on both sides, the
successful candidate was shown to have had a
majority of the whole vote of the mass meeting,
as the Senator from Michigan called it to-day,
of the joint convention of the two Houses, but
lie had a minority of the one House or of the
Other, and yet he was declared elected. It was
so with the Senator from Virginia. It was cer-
tainly so with my colleague, [Mr. Adams.] I
have never inquired into it particularly, but 1 do
not doubt that it was so in my own ease. It is
so with half the members of the Senate. Then,
was it a legislative act ? Can a legislative act be
performed by the House of Representatives,
where a majority of the Senate dissents from it?
It is an act performed by the Legislature in joint
convention, but it is not a legislative act, in the
otdinary acceptation of the term, because one
House or the other dissents.
When the Senatorfrom Iowa was elected, what
happened ? A majority of the House of Repre-
sentatives voted for him, and a majority of the
Senate voted against him, or would have done so
if they had been present. What happened when
our friend from Virginia was elected ? Precisely
the same thing—a majority of the House of Dele-
gates voted in his favor, but a majority of the
Senate voted against him. Then, I want to know
by what authority a majority of the American
Senate will undertake to declare that the Senator
from Iowa is not elected, but that the Senator
from Virginia is ?
Why, sir, we are told that a majority of the
Virginia Senate was present. Present for what
purpose? Simply to witness the proceeding, but
not to take part in it. They showed by their
presence that they voted against the election of
the Senator. If it was necessary in order to elect
him that there should be a legislative act, that is,
that both Houses should concur as you concur in
passing an act of Congress or of the Legislature,
then he was not elected, for one House dissented.
If gentlemen declare that it is a legislative act,
and cannot be perfected otherwise than as an act
of legislation is perfected, then I declare that not
only the Senator from Virginia, but at least one
third of the members of the whole Senate hero
assembled^never were properly elected and are
not entitled to their seats to-day, because a ma-
jority of the one House or the other in joint con-
vention voted against them when all were present.
That was the point I desired to present to the
Senator from Illinois when I rose to propound a
question to him.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I did not hear the point. -
Mr. BROWN. Never mind. The Senator
did not listen to me, but I listened lo him.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I stepped out. '
Mr. BROWN. I did not step out; I was here
at the time. The Senator then took the ground
that there was no Legislature without a quorum.
I take exactly the other ground, that there is a
Legislature without a quorum. We have it ex-
emplified here every day. This Senate meets
day after day, and it is the Senate of the United
States, though there is notoriously no quorum
present. Suppose that you had refused to agree
to the proposition to adjourn over to Monday,
and agreed to meet to-morrow informally, and
the President and Secretary of the Senate"1 should
meet here: would they not make up a record as
a Senate? Would it not be a meeting of the Sen-
ate on that day ? I do not mean-that it would be
a Senate for legislative business—that it would
have a right to pass bills; but it would be the
Senate of the United States sitting on the 10th
day of January, 1857. I undertake to maintain
that the Senate sits when there is no quorum
present. The Constitution, in particular cases,
has authorized a less number than a quorum to
do particular acts. It has not authorized them
to pass laws, but it has authorized them to do
other particular things.
It has been more than intimated in the progress
of this debate, that the majority present (that is
the majority of the larger House—the House
of Representatives) has the right to ascertain
whether a majority of the Senate is present. I
deny it. They have no right to ascertain any
such thing, either in joint convention or m sepa-
rate convention. Suppose you pass a bill to-day
as you do almost every day—I say this sub row;
it is not to go on the record—without there being
a majority of the Senate present, and you send
it to the other House, would you not think it
very strange if that House should undertake to
ascertain whether you had a quorum present
when you passed that bill? If they have not the
right to ascertain whether there is a quorum in
separate meeting, how do they get the right in
joint meeting? I deny the right to do any such
thing.
Going back to the point which I discussed this
morning, and which I had hoped would be con-
sidered here, I say, when the two Houses have
met in joint convention, that joint convention
cannot be broken up except by some act of the
one House or the other, taken formally and ac-
cording to the law to break up the convention.
I see not how it can be done by a majority of
either House withdrawing, captiously, for the
purpose, or accidentally breaking up the joint
meeting—a meeting called in conformity with the
constitution.
Mr. President, I never intended, from the be-
ginning, to enter into a regular discussion of this
question. The little I have said was more in
obedience to the dictates of my own judgment,
with the view of arriving at correct conclusions
myself; and just now I should not have spoken
at all if the Senator from Illinois had chosen, at
the proper time, to allow me to ask him a ques-
tion, as I stated at the moment, for the reason
that I desired to get the benefit of instruction on
the point; and I thought he rather rudely repulsed
me. About that I care nothing; I am not the man
to care for such things.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to say to the Sen-
ator fiom Mississippi, that when he interrupted
me, and desned to ask a question, he remarked,
" I think I know what the Senator is about to
say," and he was going on 'to answer rne. I
really thought, it would be more appropriate for
him to wait until I said what he supposed I was
going to say, and then reply. I was expecting
him afterwards to rise, when I had made the state-
ment; and I should then have cheerfully yielded,
but as he did not rise, I thought he found out that
he was mistaken in supposing he knew what I
intended to say, and that what I did say was
satisfactory to him, and therefore he did not in-
terrupt me.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senatpr so understood
me he understood me amiss. I did not say so.
Mr. MALLORY. I suppose that no one de-
sires to conclude the debate this afternoon. I un-
derstand that several gentlemen wish to speak on
the question, and I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move, what I suppose
is my privilege to move, a reconsideration of that
vote which was said to have been passed for ad-
journing over to Monday next. '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Florida withdraw the motion to ad-
journ ?
Mr. MALLORY. For that purpose I do.
Mr. BUTLER. Permit me to make a sugges-
tion which, perhaps, may have some influence.
If we are to meet to-morrow to discuss this sub-
ject, let us indicate some particular time when the
debate shall close. I would respectfully suggest
to gentlemen here three o'clock on Monday as a
proper hour, and let the vote be taken at that time.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Provided we meet to-
morrow.
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir. I think ten min-
utes, after what has been said, will be time
enough for me to present my views. I make the
suggestion.
Mr. STUART. I think if the Senate will
agree to meet to-morrow, we can take the question
then.
Mr. BUTLER. There will be but very few
members here to-morrow.
Mr. SEWARD. If we agree to meet to-mor-
row, but not to take the question then, is it sup-
posed that we shall actually meet with a larger
force, or with greater regularity, than the Legis-
lature of Iowa did in this joint convention?
[Laughter.]
Mr. STUART. 1 do not think we shall.
Mr. COLLAMER. I withdraw my motion to
reconsider.
Mr. MALLORY. X move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned to Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 9, 1857.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Dakiel Waldo.
The Journal of Wednesday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House for leave to introduce a
bill for reference only.
Mr. THORINGTON. I object, and call for
the regular order of business.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate have passed a bill of this
House to authorize the Postmaster General to
execute a contract with Messrs. Garman, Wigle,
and Benford,for carrying the mail from Cumber-
land, Maryland, to Greensburg, Pennsylvania.
Also, that the Senate have passed a bill of the
House making appropriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United States
for the year ending June 30, 1858, with amend-
ments; in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call on the
standing committees for reports on private busi-
ness.
Mr. KNOWLTON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Benjamin
Sayre; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of tho Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed. ' •
Mr. BISHOP, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, an act (S. No. 426)for the relief of Thomas
Crown; which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, together with the report,
ordered to be printed. i'ki--
Mr. TAYLOR, from the same conl«i.j>tee,
reported back, with a recommendation that'll do
not pass, an act (S. No. 255) for the relief of th 
legal representatives of Rinaldo Johnson and Ann
