1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
E. Johnson, deceased; which was referred to a
Committee of the Whole Hou^e, and, together
with the report, ordered to bp printed.
Mr. GIDDINGS. In reference to the report
just made, I am instructed by the Committee
of Claims to ask for the printing of an extra
number of copies. This is the first request of
the kind that committee has ever asked of the
House. The report is upon a large class of claims
of great amount, which have been long pending
before the House and the country. It has re-
ceived great consideration, and is drawn with
much ability; and we hope it will be printed, in
order that all persons interested in it, both mem-
bers and others, may have a copy.
Mr. Pf3ELPS. I suppose the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio will go to the Committee
on Printing ?
- The SPEAKER. It will be so referred,under
the rule.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
not pass, an act (S. No. 278) for the relief of
William G. Ridgley, and Hodges & Lansdale, or
their legal representatives; which was referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. TAYLOR. I make .the same motion in
reference to this case as was make by the chair-
man of the Committee of Claims [Mr. Gjddinos].
upon the last report—that is, that extra copies of
the report be printed.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be referred
to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the Committee of Claims,
made adverse reports upon the petitions of Joseph
Janny, George W.Biscoe,Christopher Neal, and
the legal representatives of the late General Rob-
ert Young, for indemnity Tor tobacco lost in the
warof 1812; which several reports were laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TAYLOR also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Joseph M. Ken-
nedy, which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRENTON, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, made adverse reports in the following
cases; which reports were severally laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed:
In the case of Ezelciel Dyer and others, sol-
diers of the war of 1812;
In the case of the heirs of Peter Shepherd,
asking permission to locate certain military land
■warrants; and
In the case of John M. Gardiner.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury, submitting additional estimates for the
branch Mint at San Francisco, &c.; which was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. GIDDINGS moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the Pri-
vate Calendar.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers upon the
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence
and Wai.bridge were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re,-
ported—ayes 92, noes 36.
So the motion was agreed to. '
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Ethe-eidge in
the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
the bills on the Private Calendar.
This being, under the order of the House of
Monday last, objection day, those bills to which
no objection was made were laid aside to be re-
ported to the House.
An act (S. No. 143) for the relief of George
P. Marsh. [Objected to by Mr. I^etcher.]
A bill (S. No. 260) for the relief of J. Ran-
dolph Clay. [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee.]
A,bill (H. R. No. 467) for the relief of Richard
H. Y\§Sjghtman. [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee.]
An act (S. No. 220) for the relief of Hannah
F. Niles.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Hannah F. Niles, or
her legal representatives, $3,000, in considera-
tion of the meritorious services of her father,
Captain Robert Niles, during the war of the Revo-
lution.
The report was read. It appears therefrom
that Captain Niles was in the service from about
the time when hostilities commenced between
Great Britain* and the Colonies, until the close
of the war—his commission as captain of the
armed schooner Spy, being dated August 17,
1775. From that time until hostilities ceased,
he was actively engaged and rendered most effi-
cient and valuable service, having captured a
number of valuable prizes, which furnished pro-
visions and stores for the army in time of great
need. Among his other services was that of
delivering to the French Government the notice
of the ratification of the treaty between that Gov-
ernment and the United States. The committee
recommend the payment to his daughter of five
years' full pay as captain.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with tlia recommendation that it do pass.
A hill (H, R. No. 4G9) for the relief of Maria
Burgher, widow of Jeremiah Burgher, deceased,
a revolutionary soldier.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place on the pension roll of the United States the
name of Maria Burgher, widow of Jeremiah
Burgher, late of Gallatin, in New York, where-
upon she shall be entitled to receive a pension at
the rate of three dollars per month during her
life, commencing on the 4th of March, 1836.
It appears that Burgher was a native of the town
of Stattsburg, in the county of Dutchess, in the
State of New York; that his father being a con-
tractor for the supplies of the army, he was set
to driving teams in 1777, but for this service he
does not claim. When Esopus was burnt in
1777, after the team service, he Volunteered, arid
served three days for that particular occasion;
that in Apiil, 1778, he volunteered in Captain
Wood's company, in Colonel Van Bentschoten's
regiment of New York militia, to serve nine
months, and served that period, and was honor-
ably discharged on the 1st of January, 1779;
then six months as a volunteer private in the
company commanded by Captain Cornelius
Paulding, in Colonel Jacob Van Bentschoten's
regiment—from the month of May till November,
1780; then he served as such volunteer in Cap-
tain Conor's company, in Colonel Yan Bentscho-
ten's regiment, from April to October, 1781.
The declaration claimed services, in the aggre-
gate, to one year nine months and three days,
and only nine months' services were proved; that
he was honorably discharged, and was entitled
to the provisions of the act of Congress of June
7, 1832,for nine months' service. That the said
Maria Burgher was his widow, and that she was
married to him, the said Jeremiah Burgher, m
Stattsburgh, in the county of Dutchess, in the
State of New York, in the year 1790.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the-'
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 470) for the relief of Letty
Griggs, widow of Simeon Griggs, a revolution-
ary soldier.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place on the pension roll of the United States the
name of Letty Griggs, widow of Simeon Griggs,
late of Vermont; whereupon she shall be entitled
to receive a pension at the rate of six dollars' per
month during her life, commencing on the 4th of
March, 1836.
It appears, by the testimony, that Simeon
Griggs, to whom the claimant was lawfully mar-
ried on the 8th day of January, A. D. 1784, at
the commencement of the revolutionary war, was
a resident of Waterford, in the county of Sara-
toga, in the State ofNew York; that he was called
out at different times in cases of sudden alarms,
and always obeyed the calls made on him in the
years 1775 and 1776; that in the year 1777, in the
month of May, he volunteered to serve his coun-
try in the company of Captain Joshua Taylor, in
Colonel James Van Schoonhorn's regiment of
New York State militia, and served as such vol-
unteer, at first as a private, and was advanced to
corpora] and sergeant before the last periods of
his service; that he served under tlus eng-agement
six months., and was honorably discharged in
November following; that in this service he was
in several skirmishes; was in the battle at Sara-
toga, and present at the surrender of General Bur-
goyne and his army; that in the spring of the year
1788 he again volunteered in the same company
and regiment, under the samp.offlcers, and served
another six months, and was posted at Lake
George, Skenesborough, and Schoharie, and was
honorably discharged.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do puss.
^ A bill (H. R. No. 471) for the relief of the sur-
viving children of John Gilbert, a revolutionary
soldier.
This bill directs the proper accounting officer
of the Treasury to pay to the surviving children
of John Gilbert, late a soldier in Colonel W. B.
Whiting's regiment, the full pay of a private,
under the act of Congress of June 7,1832, from
the passage of the act to the time of his death,
April 12, 1852.
The proofs furnished from the Commissioner
of Pensions establishes the following facts: That
on the 1st day of April, 1856, Ira Gilbert, aged
seventy-two years, appeared before the court of
general quarter sessions and county court of the
county of Elgin, Canada West, and made oath,
in order to obtain the benefits of the provisions
of the act of June 7, 1832, that he was one of the
children of John Gilbert, deceased, who, as he
believed, was a private in the company of Captain
Allen, and served one year, as stated in the first
declaration, the substance of which is before
stated in the declaration of John Gilbert. Prom
the traditionary history of his father's services,
he, in the month of June, 1777, enlisted or en-
gaged in the company of Captain Elisha Gilbert,
in Colonel Whiting'srggiment of New York State •
militia of nine months' men, and continued in
said service in said company until July 4, 1778;
and that he continued in said company until- the
10th of July, 1779; that when his father made
application in 1840, he was upwards of eighty-
one years of age, and from loss of memory was
vinable to relate the different and distinct tours of
service in full, and would at times relate accurately
portions of his service, and forget others; and
that such was the deranged state of his mind from
the time he made said declaration until his death,
which occurred at Lansdown, on the 12th day of
April, 1852.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This bill provides
that the pension shall commence from the passage
of the act of 1832. The law of 1832 made the
pensions under it commence on the 4th of March,
J831. To give these petitioners the full benefit
ftf this act, therefore, the pension should com-
mence with the 4th of March, 1831. I move that
the bill be so amended.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill
as amended was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill £H. R. No. 473) for the relief of Rich-
1 ard Phillips.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Richard Phillips, of Massa-
chusetts, on the invalid pension roll, at the rate
of eight dollars per month, to commence on the
3d of December, 1855, and to continue during
his natural life.
It appears, from the evidence submitted, that
the petitioner was a private and sergeant in Cap-
tain Pritchard's company of Massachusets mili-
tia, raised for the defense of Marblehead and the
adjacent coast, in the war with Great Britain, in
1814; that while actually in the service, and in
the line of his duty, he received a severe injury
in his right knee. It appears that, after having
posted the guard for the night, an alarm gun was
fired, and that while on his way to report the
same to the officers at the fort, he fell upon a
ledge of sharp rocks, and received an injury in
his right knee, which disabled him from duty,
and confined him for some time in the hospital,
and resulted in permanent lameness. The testi-
mony shows that the injury has incapacitated
him to a great degree from obtaining his sub-
sistence by manual labor, and now totally dis-
ables him.
The bill was laid aside to bo reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (B, R. No. 474) for th<> relief of Mary
