212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9.
Kirby Smith. [Objected to by Mr. Cobb, of
Alabama.]
A bill (H. R. No. 475) for the relief of Sarah
Hifclreth. [Objected to by Mr. McMcllin.]
A bilLfH. R. No. 476) for the relief of James
M. French, of the city of New York. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. McMui.uk.]
A bill (H. R. No. 477) granting a pension to
Thomas Allcoek, of Rochester, New York. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. McMullih.]
A bill (H. R. No. 478) for the relief of Nehe-
miah Ward. [Objected to by Mr. McMullin.]
A bill (H. R. No. 479) for the relief of An-
thony W. Bayard. [Objected to by Mr. Letch-
1
A bill (H. R. No. 480) for the relief of William
Craig.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of William Craig, of Pennsyl-
vania, upon the pension list, at the rate of eight
dollars per month, to commence from the 22d of
November, 1853, and to continue during his
natural life.
The petitioner states that he was a trumpeter
in Captain Joseph Marlde's company of Penn-
sylvania light dragoons during the war of 18]2;
that while in the service, and in the line of his
duty, " his feet were severely frozen; that the
flesh came off the same, and has resulted in making
him a cripple."
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 481) for the relief of George
W. Whitten.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of George W. Whitten, of
Maine, upon the pension list, at the rate of six
dollars per month, to commence on the 3d of
• December, 1855, and to continue during his nat-
ural life.
It appears by the testimony, that the petition-
er, George W. Whitten, enlisted in Captain Oli-
ver Herrick's company, of Colonel Henry Mc-
Cobb's regiment, on the 14th of December, 1812.
On the 3d of June following, he was ordered on
board the Growler, Captain Sidney Smith, and
was in the engagement with the enemy's flotilla
on the river Soiel, near Isle-aux-Noix, and was
wounded by a musket ball during such engage-
ment, and was taken prisoner. The ball entered
the posterior part of the right thigh, and came
out about an inch above the knee. Theevidenee
of the surgeons is that he is three fourths dis-
abled.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 482) for the relief of Jame^i
A. Glanding.
Mr. McMULLIN. I object.
Mr. TODD. I hope the gentleman from Vir-
ginia will withdraw his objection. This is a
very meritorious case. The claimant is utterly
helpless and destitute.
Mr. McMULLIN. I will state, with the per-
mission of the committee, that I object to all
these cases upon a general principle. If Con-
gress will change the principle of the law, I have
no objection to this particular case.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I trust the gen-
tleman will not object to this case.
Mr. McMULLIN. I do not withdraw my
objection.
A bill (H. R. No. 483) for the relief of Ed-
ward Rumery. The bill directs the Secretary of
the Interior to inscribe on the invalid pension
roll the name of Edward Rumery, of Maine,
and that he be entitled to receive a pension as an
invalid, at the rate of six dollars per month,
commencing on the 3d of December, 1856, and
to continue during life.
The petitioner, Edward Rumery, of the State
of Maine, states that lie enlisted on or about the
lOih of May, 1813, for one year, in the com-
pany of Captain Noah Haley, thirty-third regi- I
ment United States infantry: that while on march
from Piattsburg to Pour Corners, he received an
injury m his great toe of the left foot, producing
much pain and lameness; was placed m the hospi-
tal at Burlington in charge of a surgeon for about
two months; returned to service somewhat im-
proved; at^d was discharged at expiration of term
of servieey His disability still continues, causing
much pain, and rendering him entirely unable to
obtain subsistence by manual labor. He is poor
and needy. He prays for a pension as an invalid
on account of said injury, and refers to evidence
filed in the Pension Office, which he supposed to
be complete, on the 8th of December, 1838, and
prays that his pension may commence at that
date.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. McMULLIN. I propose that the com-
mittee shall rise and go into the House for the
purpose of adopting an order by which we may
proceed with business a little more rapidly. I
feel called upon to object to all these invalid pen-
sion cases where they interfere with the general
law. I hope a general law" will be passed on the
subject.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Is debate in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Then I object to any_
debate.
A bill (H. R. No. 484) for the relief of George
Cassaday. «
The bill and reporfwere read.
Mr. LETCHER. I would ask the chairman
of the Committee on Invalid Pensions who re-
ported this bill when application was made first
for a pension in this case ?
Mr. OLIVER, of New York. In 1847 appli-
cation was first made to the Department.
Mr. LETCHER. The report says that "it
appears by a letter from the Commissioner of
Pensions, dated May 10, 1852, that had the cer-
tificate purporting to be that of Captain Thornton
received his signature, the pension would have
been allowed by the Pension Office; that upon
examination of the petitioner's discharge, on file
with his bounty land papers, it appears that he
was discharged for the following reasons: ' Chronic
rheumatism, and injury of the loins by a fall from
his horse."' Therefore the application could
not have been made until 1850.
Mr. BALL. It was supposed at first that a
pension would have been secured by an applica-
tion at the Department. Application was made
there in 1847. It was kept in abeyance there,
but the decision was against granting the pension,
because of the want of Captain Thornton's name
to the certificate. The report says:
"Dr. Mitchell states, under oath, that, in accordance
with the request of tlie petitioner, Ik: wrote to Captain
Thornton, then in Puebia, m Mcxieo, and leceived a letter
from that officer, setting forth that Cassaday, then a private
in his company, was a good soldier, attentive to his duties,
and a sober indii; that he tuok pleusuie in inclosing the
certificate requested, whereby he might be enabled to obtain
a pension. Accompanying "this letter was the certificate
referred to, to winch Captain Thornton, in the hurry of the
moment, (being then on the route to the city of Mexico,j
had evidently forgotten or neglected to affix his signature ;
and being shortly after killed, the petitioner was unable to
procure the pioper testimony to enable him to receive a
pension."
Mr. LETCHER. The testimony in this case
never has been perfected; and I object that the
pension provided by this bill should commence
m 1847.
Mr. BALL. Because of the death of Captain
Thornton, it was impossible to perfect the testi-
mony.
Mr. LETCHER. I will make no objection to
the bill, if the pension be provided to commence
1 at the passage of the bill.
Mr. BALL. It is a hard case to impose such
a condition. The petitioner is disabled, and
, unable to gain his own livelihood.
! The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to the
j bill?
| Mr. LETCHER. I object to it without the
amendment I propose.
I A bill (H. R. No. 485) for the relief of Cor-
! nelius H. Latham.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
: to allow and pay Cornelius H. Latham, of New
; York, an invalid pensioner, the sum of eight
dollars per month during his natural life, in lieu
of the pension now allowed him by law, to com-
mence February 25, 1856.
Prom the report it appears that the petitioner
was by special act of Congress for his relief, ap-
proved July 17, 1854, placed on the pension list,
at the rate of four dollars par month, on account
of disease contracted "while in the line of his
duty, in the service of the United States, as a
private in Captain E. V. Sumner's company of
United States dragoons; and thatthe said (license
has continued to this time, and renders him un-
able to perform any labor. He presents the affi-
davits of two physicians, who are certified to be
reputable in their profession, who.state that he
is not only still disabled, but, in consequence, is
disabled to a degree amounting to a total dis-
ability.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with'the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 486) for the relief of Robert
H. Stevens.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Robert H. Stevens, of New
York, on the invalid pension roll, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, to commence on the 1st
of March, 1854, and to continue during his natu-
ral life.
It appears from the report that Stevens served
out, and was honorably discharged from, two
enlistments; that he served in the Florida war,
and in other parts of our southern country; that in
1840 he enlisted for a third time for a period of
five years; that in August, 1844, he was attached
to the light artillery, company A, under the com-
mand of the gallant Duncan, and was stationed
at Fort Hamilton; that while in the act of raising
_a cannon in obedience to orders, he sustained an
incurable injury in his back, which resulted in a
curvature of his spine and a displacement of his
left shoulder; that he was sent to the hospital,
and soon thereafter discharged as disabled; that
he is in indigent circumstances; has a wife and
one child, and is entirely incapacitated from the
performance of manual labor.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation thatitdo pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 288) for the relief of Isaac
P. Washburne.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Lieutenant Isaac P. Wash-
burne, of Kentucky, upon the roll of invalid pen-
sioners of the United States, at the rate of fifteen
dollars per month; to commence on the 1st of
January, 1856, and continue during his natural
life.
It appears that the petitioner was a second
lieutenant in Captain McCreery's company of
Kentucky volunteers, in service during the"war
with the Republi'c of Mexico; that while on the
march from Vera Cruz to the city of Mexico he
was attacked with piles, which terminated in
fistula in ano, which has continued to this time.
It is proven that the petitioner was a strong,
able-bodied man at the time he entered the service;
tliat he was discharged a sick and disabled man,
and is now incapacitated for manual labor; and
that his habits of life are and have been good.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
An act (S. No. 284) for the relief of the heirs-
at-law of Sarah Crandall, deceased.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to pay to the heirs-at-law of Sarah Crandall,
deceased, ninety-six dollars per annum, from the
1st of January, 1848, to the date of her death,
being the amount she would have received per
annum, under a special act for her relief approved
July 24, 1854, had she survived.
The report states that a special act was passed
for the relief of Sarah Crandall, and approved
July 24, 1854, granting her a pension at the rate
of ninety-six dollars per annum, from January
I," 1848, during her life; and that she died before
the issue of-the certificate, and before any pay-
ments were made under said special act. The
heirs-at-law now ask the passage of an act to pay
to them the pension granted by the special act
of July 24, 1854, from January 1, 1848, to the
date of Sarah Crandall's death.
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to strike
lout the words " heirs-at-law," and to inseit-iu
, lieu thereof the words " surviving children." I
'■ believe that our pension laws, and particularly
| those relative to revolutionary services, confine
1 the pension to children.
! Mr. McCARTY. This is a pension granted
I under a special act. -
i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gen«pPaw
! will govern it.
Mr. McCARTY. The children would have had
it undef the general law; but this is a pension
