THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C, RIVES, WASHINGTON, .D. C.
Tiiirtt-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1857.
New Sehies.....No. 18.
granted under a special act. It is right that the
pension should go to the heirs-at-law.
Mr. RKADY. I object to debate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I insist on my
amendment. I would inquire, while I am up,
whether this person left any children?
Mr. STEPHENS. I object to the bill.
The objection was subsequently withdrawn;
and Mr. Jones's amendment was adopted.
A similar amendment was made to the title.
The bill as amended was then laid aside to be
reported to the House, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 487) for the relief of Henry
Stewart.
The bill directs the name of I-Ienry Stewart to
be placed on the roll of invalid pensioners, at the
rate of ten dollars per month, commencing the
1st of December, 1855, and to continue during
liis natural life.
The report states that Mr. Stewart enlisted as
a soldier in the United States Army in the year
1813, for a term of one year, and at the expira-
tion of his term of service he reenlisted for the
term of five years, and was a sergeant in Captain
Vashon's company of the seventh regiment
United States infantry, and faithfully and patriot-
ically continued in the service until the expiration
of his term of service, on the 3d day of Decem-
ber, 1819, when he was honorably discharged.
That in the winter and spring of the year 1818,
when General Jackson and his army were in
Florida fighting the Seminole Indians, Iienry
Stewart, attached to the seventh regiment of
United States infantry, commanded by Colonel
Braly, was with him m that service. After the
battle of Mucasaukie town, the troops being in
great want of provisions of all kinds, the said
Henry Stewart was detached by his commanding
officer to capture and bring in some wild cows
and other cattle for the use of the army. While
engaged with others in roping a wild cow, he
received a wound from a cow's horn that disabled
him in his left shoulder. The injury not being
of so serious a nature at that time as to prevent
him from continuing in the service, he continued
in the service of the United States, and completed
the term of his enlistment. Some time after, this
old wound ulcerated, and continued to ulcerate
at different periods, and the effects of which have
totally disabled him for many years past from
obtaining a livelihood by manual labor.
Mr. SAVAGE. I reported this bill from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, and I see that
there is a mistake in it, occurring by a misprint
or otherwise. Instead of ten dollars per month,
it ought to provide only for eight. I move that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill
as amended was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 488) for the relief of Isaac
Langley.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Isaac Langley upon the
pension list at the rate of eight dollars per month,
_ to be allowed him during the residue of his nat-
ural life, beginning with April 1,1856, in lieu of
the pension now paid him.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No 489) for the relief of Jona-
than Cilley.
It is directed by the bill that the Secretary of
the Interior place the name of Jonathan Cillev
upon the list of invalid pensioners, at the rate of
four dollars per month, beginning with the 3d of
December, 1855.
It appears that Jonathan Cilley, of Salisbury,
Massachusetts, enlisted as a soldier in the ser-
vice of the United States in January, 1814, and
continued in the service till honorably discharged
at Plattsburg, in June, 1815; that he served as
corporal in the company of militia under com-
mand of Captain Stribhng, in the regiment of
Colonel Mclntire; that in February, 1815, he was
18
sent with a file of men to Greenbush, New York,
to procure wood for the company; that while thus
engaged in the public service, and in the line of
his duty, he froze severely both his feet, from the
effects of which he has never fully recovered;
that the injury thus received amounts to one half
a total disability.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that itdo pass.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to withdraw my
objection to a bill (H. R. No. 477) granting a
pension to Thomas Allcock, of Rochester, New
Y rk.
Mr. READY. I object to going back.
A bill (H. R. No. 231) directing the payment
of arrearages of pension due to Simon<Smith to
his heirs-at-law. [Objected to by Mr. Millson.]
A bill (H. R. No. 490) for the relief of Rox-
ana Kimball.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay Roxana Kimball, of Watertown, New
York, sixty-four dollars per annum, commencing
the 4th of March, 1819, and terminating the 2d
of August, 1839.
On the 15th day of February, 1817, Jeremiah
Kimball was placed on the roll of invalid pen-
sioners as two thirds disabled, at the rate of
sixty-four dollars per annum; he continued to
draw his pension at that rate to the 4th of March,
1819, after which he ceased to apply for it until in
the year 1839, when he applied for arrears of pen-
sion due him to that time as well as for further pen-
sion. The Commissioner of Pensions offered to
reinstate hjm as to the future, but refused to grant
him the arrears. On this he applied to Congress,
which, on the rpport of the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, ordered liim to be paid from the 2d of
August, 1839, (the date of his application,) to
March 2, 1843, (the date of said report,) but re-
fused the arrears between the former date and the
4th of March, 1819.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that itdo pass.
A bill (S. No. 235) for the relief of Lemuel
Worster.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Lemuel Worster, of Leba-
non, York county, Maine, upon the roll of invalid
pensioners, and pay to him eight dollars per
month, from the 1st of January, 1855, during
his natural life; and the second section provides
that no sale, transfer, or mortgage of the pension
granted, or any part thereof, prior or subsequent
to the passage of the bill, shall be valid; but the
same shall mure solely to the benefit of Lemuel
Worster,'and be and remain in his control, or that
of his legally appointed and qualified guardian,
under suitable bonds for the proper disbursement
of the same for the benefit of said Worster.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to strike out the
second section of the bill, and my reason for the
motion is, that I do not think that we have any
right to pass a law which will control laws in
regard to debts of individuals living within the
States.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw his motion, for I think the
second section contains a very wise provision;
and we have a right to control a pension, and
secure it, if possible, for the benefit of the person
to whom it is granted.
Mr. LETCHER. If the section is not stricken
out, I must object to the bill. If Worster has
made a transfer of the pension, he has made such
transfer under the law of his State; and if so, we
have no right by our legislation to declare the
transfer void.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. If the section be
stricken out I shall object.
Mr. Letcher's motion was not agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER then objected to the bill.
A bill (H. R. No. 491) for the relief of Mrs.
Rachel McMillan. [Objected to by Mr. Jones,
of Tennessee.]
A bill (H. R. No, 492) for the relief of William
Kingsbury. [Objected to by Mr. Cobb, of Ala-
bama.]
A bill (H. R. No. 493) to indemnify Henry
Leef and John McKee for illegal seizure of a cer-
tain bark.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury pay to Henry Leef and John McKee
the amount of actual loss which may be shown
to his satisfaction to have been sustained by them
in consequence of the act of Alexander H. Tyler,
formerly consul at Bahia, in seizing, detaining,
and sending home the vessel Mary Teresa, the
property ofaKenry Leef, in 1848.
Mr. MILLSON. I objcct to the bill.
t Mr. EUSTIS. I hope the gentleman from Vir-
ginia will withdraw his objection. A favorable
report is now presented to the House for the^hird
time on this claim: the first was presented by Mr.
Grinnell, from the Committee on Commerce, on
the 25th of January, 3849; the second by Mr.
Daniel, from the same committee, on the aOth of
February, 1850; the third is the present report,
which bids fair, under the operation of the objec-
tion, to meet the fate of its predecessors, and die
for want of action on your part; and this, when
the Committee on Commerce, whose organ I am
on this occasion, and who have given this case
their mature consideration, is satisfied that, if the
House will but give its attention to the reading of
the report, the bill cannot fail to pass.
Mr. MILLSON. I shall object to the bill, but
I have no objection to hearing the report read.
Mr. EUSl'IS. My fiieud from Virginia is a
member of the Committee on Commerce, and I
hope that, in view of our relations as colleagues,
he will withdraw his objection. I will state, for
the information of the Fiouse, that the petitioners
have placed before us memorials signed by the
principal merchants of New York, Boston, Phil-
adelphia, Baltimore, and the principal ports of the
Atlantic States, urging the payment of the indem-
nity asked for, and placing it upon principles
vital to the prosperity of American commerce in
foreign ports. The settlement of the questions
involved and discussed in this report is of the
freatcst importance to American merchants; and
submit to this House whether it is not time that
this class of our fellow-citizens, who play so im-
portant a part in the civilization of the world, by
spreading it through the channels of commerce,
should have a hearing at least. How far the
Government can be made liable for the illegal and
tyrannical acts of American consuls in foreign
ports towards American citizens engaged in trade
—consuls acting in behalf of, and in the name of
the United States—remains for the wisdom and
discretion of the Legislature to decide. Under
the general rule the Government is not liable; but
very strong; and peculiar cases may present ex-
ceptions. It is our province to acknowledge these
exceptions, and relieve the parties bringing their
cases under them. I humbly submit that, if the
House will give us a hearing, we will establish
to its satisfaction that the claim of the petitioners
presents features which entitle them to be fully
indemnified. At all events, we want a decision;
let our merchants understand whether the Gov-
ernment will ever protect them, their ships, their
property, from the illegal and disavowed acts and
seizures of ignorant or naalicious officials in for-
eign ports, or whether they are to protect them* ^
selves vi et armis. When the rights of our mer- '
chants have been violated by foreign officials, our
Government has not been slow to demand indem-
nity from their Government. Is it unreasonable
to say that a like indemnity is due to them when
they have suffered from our own officials?
I hope the objection wil) be withdrawn.
Mr. MILLSON. I have stated already to the
gentleman from Louisiana, that I will withdraw
my objection for the purpose of having the report
read, if he desires it; but I must then renew my
objection. I understand some of the circum-
stances of the case.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The remarks of
the gentleman from Louisiana satisfy me that the
bill ought to be discussed in committee.
