1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
Mr. KELSEY. The charges contained in that
article appear to be based upon a letter written
from this city to that paper—the New York
Times. Under ordinary circumstances it would
perhaps be a waste of time to notice articles of
this character in the public press; but the editor
of that journal occupics a position before the
country that entitles his statements to credit. If
he is in possession of the facts that he there
charges, he should substantiate them before a
committee of this House; and the members who
are guilty of the conduct which he there charges,
should be known to the country. As the matter
now stands, I cannot vote for or against certain
propositions before this House without bringing
myself directly undor the charges made in that
article. If there exists such a combination as is
there stated, I want the country to know it; 1
want the House to know it; and I want the facts
to go before the country. The character of that
journal is such that, in my judgment, these grave
charges should not be passed over in silence;and
I therefore send to the Clerk n resolution which
5 offer in reference to this matter.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Wheteab certain statements have been published, charg-
ing that membei.- of tins House have entered into corrupt
combinations for the purpose of passing and of preventing
the passage of certain measures now pending bcfoie Con-
gress : Therefoie
Resolved, That a committee, consisting of five members,
be appointed by the Speaker, with power to send for persons
and papeis, to investigate said charges; and that s>aid com-
mittee lepoit the evidence taken, and what action, in their
judgment, is necessary on the part of the House, without
any unnecessary delay.
Mr. PAINE. I scarcely know, Mr. Speaker,
whether to say anything in relation to this mat-
ter or not. I know nothing about the editor of
that journal, or of the journal itself. I know
nothing about any communication which has been
mode to that paper. I know not how its editor
got his information. I know not whether what
he says is true or false. But this I do know, that
there has been a proposition made in this House,
by a member of this House, upon this very sub-
ject. [" Name ! name !"] I shall not name the
gentleman at this time. It was with feelings of
indignation that I heard the proposition. The
reason I did not resent it was because it would
have been a violation of the rules of this House.
The reason 1 did not denounce it to the House
was because, during the pendency of the struggle
for the organization of this House, when a mem-
ber rose in his place and stated to the House that
a direct effort had been made to tamper with him
in reference to the election of Speaker, the only
credit he received for divulging<hat fact was that
of being laughed at, and of being charged that he
did not accept of the bribe merely because there
was no such place as was offered to him.
I say now distinctly upon this floor, that there
is not an entire want of truth in the allegations
contained in that article; that a distinct proposi-
tion has been made by a member of this House,.
and in regard to the Minnesota land bill, that
$1,500 would be guarantied to a member fur his
vote for that bill; and when the committee is
raised and I am called upon, I will give my evi-
dence before the committee.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I am extremely
unwilling, Mr. Speaker, to base the action of
this House in reference to this matter upon any
charges contained in any newspaper of the day.
I had„ determined to vote against the resolution
offered by the gentleman from New York, as I
gave no credit to the charges and allegations
made in the article which has been read.
But the position which the matter has now
assumed is totally different. A member of this
House has announced upon this floor that there
is truth m those charges, and that to him prop-
ositions of the character indicated in that article
have been made, or at least that it is within his
knowledge such propositions have been made.
Upon this statement, and upon this alone, we
ought to base our investigation; and I trust,
therefore, that the gentleman who offered this
resolution will change it in that respect. [Cries
of uNo!" "No!"] I do not want to bring
the New York papers into that sort of respect-
ability which a notice by this House would give
them. I have no idea of giving to such con-
temptible things as appear in the newspapers of
this country the sort of respectability they would
obtain by receiving notice from this body.
But a member of this House has said that
such charges are true; that corruption has been
attempted by a member of this body; and upon
that statement certainly there is enpugh to base
this investigation, and upon that I desire to see
it based.
Mr. PHELPS. I understand that the charges
which have been read at the Cleik's desk, from
the New York Times, are made in the-editonal
department of that paper. I learn that the editor
of that paper is an ex-Lieutcnam Governor of the
State of New York; and when a gentleman of
that standing makes the charges which arc made
in that editorial, I ask whether it is not worth
our while to make inquiry into that matter, as
well as into the matter promulgated by the gen-
tleman from North Carolina?
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. It does not matter
to me what position any gentleman may have
held heretofore. I care not whether he be the
ex-Lieutenant Governor, or the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor, or Governor of the State of New York.
That character, whatever it may have been, is
merged into that of the editor of a partisan news-
paper. I look upon him in that light and m no
other. 'He stands before this House as the editor
of a newspaper, influenced and controlled by all
the bias and interest which we know do control
men in that position; and I ask this body whether
it does not become them, their own dignity and
their honor, to base the investigation upon such
information as is given to them by a member of
their own body, in preference to basing it upon
an editorial in a newspaper, no matter whether
it emanates from a Governor or a Lieutenant
Governor? He is but the editor of a newspaper,
and I would not pay any man of that character
the soit of respect which such action would
seem to do.
I would state further, that if this investigation
i is to be gone into, there an; other subjects which
might be taken up. There have been other
matters on which intimations have been made,
and hints thrown out, besides this Minnesota
bill. For my own pnrt, I have voted against all
these appropriations of land from beginning to
end, and I shall continue to do so; but nobody
suspects me anyhow. But, sir, I repeat that
where a distinct charge of an effort to corrupt
membeis of the House has been made—and that,
too, not the first charge of the kind—and where
thatchaige is sustained by declarations made by
members of the House themselves, an investiga-
tion should be had; but I should wish that this
resolution go so far as to cover all the ground,
and let the committee be empowered to inquire
into all eases of corruption attempted against the
integrity of this body. If so, I will vote for it;
and if not, I shall make an effort to introduce
one.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. During the past
eight years, which it has been my lot to serve in
this Iiall, I have generally been here to vote on
all important questions, by day and by night. 1
have voted invariably, with one single exception,
for the grants of alternate sections of land to con-
struct railroads in the valley of the Mississippi.
I have given my reasons for doing so on former
occasions, and I shall not detain the House, now
with a repetition of them. 1 have looked upon
that district—the vast West—as a section of this
country which had been woefully neglected by
the Federal Government in the distribution of its
favors.
"We arc startled now by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Kelsey,] who sends to the
Clerk's table to be read an editorial article from
the New York Times, charging corruption upon
this body in reference to railroad grants. The
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Piielps] attempts
to dignify it with the idea that one of the editors
is or has been a Lieutenant Governor of the State
of New York. It is at best but an article of a
newspaper. I have learned enough—you, Mr.
Speaker, have learned enough, and every member
ought to have learned enough, to know that it is
not becoming in an American Congress—es-
pecially in a short session like this, when all the
business affecting the great material interests of
the whole country is .at stake and m jeopardy,
to stop to inquire into the truth of a charge which
is based solely on the idea that some editor or
assistant editor, or a newspaper penny-a-line-
writer, has seen fit to malign the body. Although
I have experienced within the last two years the
weight of assaJults of this kind, yet, occupying
the relations which I do to this body and to the
country, I cannot consent to the toss of time
which an investigation, predicated solely on
charges which some writer may make to the court*
try, through the medium of manufactured rags,
lamp black and oil, unless it comes before u-s
in some responsible form.
Sir, it was but a day or two ago that I observed
an article, published in the shape of a letter, pur-
porting to come from a very distinguished man
of my own State—the Comptroller of your Treas*
ury—charging corruption, years ago, on Con-
gress. It purports to have been picked up among
the loose rags or waste paper of a paper manu-
factory establishment in Massachusetts. I have
reason to believe that the letter is genuine. And
yet, sir, I am unwilling to act upon such publi-
cations, and involve the Congress of the United
States in the delay incident to the proposition of
the gentleman from New York, on the mere
assertion of a newspaper, although one of its
editors may have been Lieutenant Governor
of the Empire State. But the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Paine] has, by the remarks
which he has made, put the matter on an entirely
different footing; and I concur with the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. A. K. Marshall] that, if
the gentleman from North Carolina^ or any other
member of the House of Representatives, will
assert here—and I understood the gentleman from
North Carolina so to'have stated—that ho knows
that corrupt propositions have been made in
regard to a matter before Congress, there should
be then an investigation. If, therefore, the prop-
osition is U> be planted upon the information
given by the gentleman from North Carolina, in
connection with the publication, 1 will vote for
the resolution; but if it is to be predicated on the
sole charge of a newspaper editor or corre-spond^
ent, I will vote against it." I move to amend the
preamble to the resolution by adding the words,
"And whereas a member of this House has
stated, on his own responsibility, that the state-
ments published are not wanting in truth, there*-
fore resolved," &c.
Mr. ORR. I do not concur, Mr. Speaker, in
the views presented by my friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Campbell*] I think there will be no un-
necessary consumption of time in an investigation
of the charges that have been so frequently made
in the newspapers, in reference to corruption in
Congress. I think perhaps it would be very well
if they were all investigated; but I do not sec how
this House can, consistently with its dignity and
self-respect, refuse an investigation in this in-
stance, after the announcement which has been
made by the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Pawe.] It is due to the integrity of the
body itself, and it is due to the character of our
constituents, that the investigation should be
made. I do not, however, desire that the inves-
ti^alion shall be as broad as the general terms of
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. A. K. Marshall] would seem to indicate;
because the effect would be to extend it for
months, and perhaps longer than this Congress
itself will exist. I would prefer that the preamble
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Kelsey]
should stand, amended by adding the statement
of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Paine,] pointing to specific corruptions and
charges
Now, sir, if it be true, in point of fact, that the
editor of the New York Times has information
which justifies him in making the charges he
has made, by pointing to that particular matter,
the House will have the authority and the right
to require that the editor shall come here and
testify as to who the guilty parties may be.
1 believe an amendment to the amendmentis in
ordei. 1 belie\e the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio is to strike out the original preamble,
and insert. I propose to amend the original
preamble by adding to it what I send to the
"Clerk's desk.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, as the Chair understands it,
proposes to add to the preamble offered by the
gentleman from New York. .
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. That is the form
in which I offer the amendment.
Mr. ORR. Then I misunderstood the amend-
