276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
ment. What I desire is that the original preamble
shall stand, and that the statement of the gentle-
lYifin from North Carolina shall be. fldcied to it. I
think that amendment should be adopted, and
the resolution passed.
Mr. GROW. I agree with the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] that a grave charge,
directly made upon the integrity of a deliberative
body, is a proper subject for that body to inves-
tigate. And X raise no question here as to the
propriety of this investigation upon a direct
charge coming from what source it may, involv-
ing the integrity of members of this body; it is
due to ourselves, it is due to this body, that the
investigation should be made, although I would
not notice the charges ordinarily made in the
newspapers.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to make a sugges-
tion. I understand that the editorial which has
been read, is based upon a letter written by a re-
porter, who has a seat in this House under the
permission and by the order of the House, and
therefore the charge does not come within the
ordinary scope of newspaper articles.
Mr. GROW. I have not sought the floor for
the purpose of prolonging this debate, or of dis-
cussing the propriety of this investigation. My
principal object is that an incorrect impression
might not be made upon the public mind by a
remark which fell from the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Paine,] as a kind of excuse for
his conduct. I desire that the matter referred to
by him shall go to the counlry properly, and that
the impression shall not be created that this House
was ready to sit quietly under a grave charge
made in reference to the election of Speaker, and
seem to care nothing about such charges. Every
member will recollect the circumstances as they
then occurred. Both gentlemen involved m the
charge were called to their feet and made their
statements. And what took place ? The House
saw, from the statements themselves, that there
was a misunderstanding between the two gentle-
men as to whether the proposition had been made
in jest, and was one of the passing jokes of the
day, or whether it was serious. One of the gen-
tlemen thought that it had a serious import, and
the other denied that it had; and every member,
taking the conversation as related by each of the
parties, was justified in drawing the conclusion
that it was a jest between the gentlemen—one
of the playful pastimes of the morning: therefore
the House did not dignify as a grave charge that
which, upon its face, from the narrative of both
the parties, was not a grave charge.
Mr. Speaker, I have no desire to raise any
question with the gentleman from North Caro-
lina or any one else. I simply desire to call at-
tention to the exact facts as they occurred, so that
the public mind shall not draw the inference that
this House was willing to sit under charges of
corruption upon the part of members, involving
the integrity of this legislative body. I concur
in the propriety of having this investigation. I
merely desired to correct a false impression that
might be created by the remark of the gentleman
from North Carolina; and that is all I have to say.
Mr. RITCHIE. I wish lo suggest a verbal
amendment Jo the resolution; that the words
"authority" and "responsibility" be stricken
out. The gentleman who proposed the amend-
ment adopts the suggestion as a modification of
it. The resolution will then read: " Whereas a
member of this House has stated," &c.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, it is certainly a
monstrous state of affairs that charges of the
character stated should ever be made with refer-
ence to a coordinate branch of the American Con-
gress; but it is all important td us, and to the
dignity of the House of Representatives, that
they should be squarely met and fairly investi-
gated. Nor should the entire responsibility rfrst
upon one individual. The House, as a body,
should assume the responsibility. I therefore
propose the following amendment, in the nature
of a substitute fo.r the resolution; an'd I feel it
due to myself and my relations to you, sir, to
say in advance, that in doing so, I do not wish
to indicateany manner of distrust of the Speaker,
my only object being to throw the onus in the
matter on the House itself:
Rcsolvedy That a committee of five be elected on to-mor-
SJwj?',0"6 °'cltK*> investigate ail charges of corruption
wmca uavo teen brought to the notice of this House; and
that the said committee be empowered to send for persons
and papers.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to a question of order:
that there is-an amendment to an amendment
already pending, and that the resolution is there-
fore not in order;
The SPEAKER. The resolution was, read for
information only; and the Chair sustains the point
of order. ' It will be in order, however, when the
pending amendment is disposed of.
Mr. WALKER. I am glad to hear that the
proposition of the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Brooks] is not in order. In this matter I
can have no distrust of the Chair. I take it for
granted that the Speaker has justas lively asense
of the value of the integrity and honor of this
House, as any man in the country.
I take it that gentlemen have fallen into great
mistakes in the running debate on this matter.
Where charges are made, involving impeachment
of the fairness of our action, and the integrity qf
any man's vote, it seems to me that we lose sight
of our own personal dignity, if we pause to make
nquiry as to the sources from which those charges
emanate.
For myself, I care not whether the charge comes
from the lowest and vilest of our species—from
a mere miserable, dirty, partisan newspaper, or
from-a man of high characterand position. This
is a matter of no moment to me. Suffice it for
me to know that the charge is made against me
and my fellow-members. Therefore, I think that
the proposition made by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Kelsev] is the one upon which we
should base our action.
If I understand the facts of this case, the charges
are made in the editorial columns of the New-
York Times, based on a letter written to that
journal by a reporter who has a seat upon this
floor. My first impulse, as soon as I heard the
communication read, was to rise in my place and
move the expulsion of that reporter, without dig-
nifying him by an investigation. But, sir, when
his statements are indorsed by theeditorand pro-
prietor of that newspaper, and when there is cou-
pled with it, if I may so speak, the more grave
and serious charge made upon this floor by the
member from North Carolina, [Mr. Paine,] hint-
ing at the fact—a fact so disgraceful to any man
occupying a seat in this Hall, that anything in
the shape of a direct bribe had been made to cor-
rupt a member here—I think that all this talk is
idle.
But we must guard against this danger; do not
make the resolution to create this committee so
extensive as to protract this investigation beyond
the term of our session. Let our action be prompt
and conclusive. For myself, I am prepared to
vote for the proposition made by the gentleman
from New York; and I am quite willing that the
committee shall be appointed by the gentleman
who presides at present over the deliberations of
this House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was in error in
sustaining the point of order raised on the amend-
ment of the.gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Brooks] by the gentleman from New York.
There is no amendment pending in the second
degree, and the amendment of the gentleman from
South Carolina is therefore in order.
Mr. BROOKS. I submit the amendment, then;
and I, at the same time, take occasion to say, after
the remarks which fell from my friend from Ala-
bama, that I am just as incapable of insinuating
any distrust of the honor and integrity of the
Speaker, as any member upon this floor. I say
this in justice to him and to myself.
Mr. BRENTON. Mr. Speaker, it is due to
myself that I should say something upon this
question before it passes from the House in its
present form. It is understood by every member
of this House who desires to know anything in
reference to the subject-matter of the charges in
the communication which has been read from the
New 1: ork Times, that that subject-matter is in
my hands for investigation and report, and my
hands alone, as a member of the Committee oil
Public Lands. 1 allude to a bill making a grant
of lands to the Territory of Minnesota for rail-
road purposes. That question has been m my ,
hands from the time it was taken up by the Com- ,
mittee on Public Lands, The committee have in ;
some manner matured a proposition which they •
may or may not snbmit to this House. They !
have acted on it as they have acted on other
questions. While they have received intelligence
from men representing, or professing to repre-
sent, the interests of the Territory of Minnesota—
men residing within the limits of the Territory,
they have exercised their own judgments. They
have acted independently on every proposition
which has been submitted to them. Whether
any influence has been exerted on any member
of that committee to induce him to vote for or
against the proposition, I know not; but I have
this to say for myself, that no man, either in this
j House or out of it, has had the courage to ap-
I proach me with any improperproposition to inflii-
i ence my actions one way or the other, nor dara
[ any do it.
! In the face of the charges in the letter which is
| the basis of the editorial in the New York Times,
! I say that I confine myself to my room when
not engaged in my duties here; that I mingle not
I with the community; and that, so far as these
j charges concern the Minnesota land bill, but a
I single member of this House has called at my
! room to discuss the merits of that bill, and that
j call was made yesterday. These charges have
j no foundation in fact within the limits of my
j knowledge. I contend, then, that it is due to me
! personally, and the position I sustain to this
! proposition at the present time, that this investi-
' gation should be had—not because newspaper
editors or correspondents choose to arraign mem-
| bers of this body, for if there is any class of
' individuals who should be treated by us with
contempt, or, if not with contempt, with com-
I miseration, it is those demented fragments of
j humanity that hang around this Hall merely for
; the purpose of gathering up every whisper and
every word that may fall from the hps of a raem-
i1 ber,even in private conversation, and trumpeting
j1 it throughout the land.
II Now, sir, if there were nothing else except
j1 what was found in the columns of the New York
lj.Times, or any other newspaper, in reference to
■ ' this matter, I would not be willing to spend the
I time necessary to an investigation; but the char-
|' acter which lias been given to this question since
i; it was sprung upon the House is one which de-
li mands at the hands of the members of this House
| a strict investigation, and that, too, in a summary
!j manner, and I hope the investigation will be made.
|l Mr. CLINGMAN. I merely wish to say that
ji there seems to be no difference of opinion in the
jj House as to the propriety of this investigation,
H and I prefer that the committee should have as
ji broad a field as these different propositions will
| allow them to have. I hope, therefore, that the
I original resolution and the amendment will be
j adopted.
II I do not concur with the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Brooks] in the idea that we had
better elect a committee. It would probably take
us two or three days to elect a committee, and I
!, have no doubt we shall get just as good a com-
; mittee by the appointment of the Chair. I hope
that amendment will not be passed.
; I was about to call the'previous question; and
; unless my colleague, who made a statement of
facts in reference to this matter, wishes to say
somethins, I will do so now.
!| Mr. BUPtNETT. Is it the intention of the
; gentleman from North Carolina to call the pre-
vious question when his colleague gets throuj-h?
!i Mr. CLINGMAN. It is.
i! Mr. BURNETT. Then I object to his yield-
j' ing the floor to his colleague for that purpose.
;i Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I will yield to my
;• colleague unreservedly, and let him do as he
! pleases. ,
ji Mr. PAINE. I do not know that it is neces-
,! sary to vindicate the course 1 have taken here to-
, day. I stated, sir, what was the simple fart—a
fact which is well known to every mcmUi' on
, tins floor—that soon before the organization of
this House, at the commencement of' last session,
a member rose in his place, with honest indigna-
tion in his countenance, and charged that another
member had undertaken to influence his vote by
promising him a lucrative placo upon a commit-
tee, and the only thanks he got was laughter,
, and an accusation that he would have taken the
: place if there had been one. I did not intend to
, impugn the integrity of the House. I was mi rely
| stating a fact, and I tell the gentlemen that I
never would have made the accusation against a
