278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. THORINGTON, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported a bill for the ben-
efit of Joseph Irish and others; which was read
a first and sccond time, referred to aCommitt.ee
of the Whole House, and, with the report, or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. SAPP, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of John
Shaw, a soldier of the war of 1812; which was
lead a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House,and, with the report,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. S., from the same committee, reported a
hill to authorize the return of certain arms to the
State of Tennessee; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. DENVER. That is not a private bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The object of the
bill is to return to the State of Tennessee arms
which were furnished to the Tennessee volun-
teers who went into the Mexican war. They
are admitted to have been furnished by the War
Department; but they cannot be returned without
a law directing such return.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr, DENVER, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported back a bill (S. No. 103)
for tile relief of the officers and soldiers of the
United States Army who sustained loss by the
disasters to the steamships Winfield Scott and
San Francisco; which was referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. QUITMAN, from the same committee,
reported Wick a bill (H. R.No. 609) for the relief
of Richard 13. Alexander, late a major in the
Tennessee regiment in the Mexican war; which
was referred to aCommittee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.  
Mr. Q,. also, from thesamo committee, reported
adversely upon the memorial of A. IC. Potts,
praying for compensation as assistant commis-
sary of subsistence, with the rank of captain;
which was laid on the table, and the committee
discharged from the further consideration thereof,
and the report uidered to be printed.
Mr. BUFPINTON, from the same committee,
reported adversely upon the petitions of Lorenzo
D. O.Uman, T. M Bennett, and Jedediah Grey;
which were laid on the table, the committee dis-
"harged from the further consideration thereof,
uad the reports ordered to be printed.
On motion or ,\lr. BENSON, the Committee
on Naval Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Michail Hanson;
and the same was referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the Committee
of the Whole House be discharged from the
further consideration of Senate bilf.No. 333, and
that it be recommitted to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What is it about?
Mr. STANTON. It is a private bill for the
relief of Joseph Graham.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I want the bill read.
Let us know wJiat it is.
Mr. STANTON. It is u Senate bill Cot the
relief of Joseph Graham; and I only ask that the
Committee of the Whole House be discharged !
from its Jurther consideration, and that it be°re-
committed to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, i
The only object of the recommittal is to inak'e a i
correction of the amount, made necessary by ad-
ditional information received since the bill was
reported.
Mr. PENNINGTON. It is only desired, to
leview tile bill for the purpose of correcting the
amount; and I hope there will be no objection to
ihe motion of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER,from the Committee on
Territories, loported a bill for the relief of Oliver
P. Hovey; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the
lei K. Russell; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed. -
Mr. PIKE, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Henry Sandford; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. AIKEN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Library to report back a joint res-
olution (S. No. 38) respecting the distribution of
certain public documents. 1 ask that the resolu-
tion be read and put on its passage at this time.
The resolution directs that the ten copies of
the Journals and other documents of Congress,
authorized by law to be deposited in the library
of Congress by section three of joint resolution
of May 24,1828, shall hereafter be deposited with
the Secretary of State for foreign exchanges;
and the fifty copies of the Journals and docu-
ments of the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, ordered to be placed in the library of
| Congress for foreign exchanges^oy the joint res-
1 olution of July 20, 1840, and the fifty copies of the
Journals and documents of the Senate and House
of Representatives, authorized to be deposited
with the Secretary of State by joint resolution of
April 30, 1841, shall hereafter be deposited with
the Secretary of the Interim-; that, instead of one
hundred copies of the Journals and documents
of the House of Representatives, authorized to
be printed by the joint resolution of April 30, |
1844, there shall hereafter be printed fifty copies '
only; that the Journals and congressional docu- !
ments heretofore deposited in the Library of
Congress, by authority of the above cited reso-
lution, and so many of the foiu hundred copies '
of the public documents sent to the Department
of State as arc now distributed by that Depart- '
ment to colleges and other literary institutions, |
shall be deposited with the Secretary of the In- 1
terior for distribution to such colleges, libraries, :
athenajums literary and scientific associations, i
boaids of trade or public associations, as maybe ,
designated by him; that the two copies of the ;
Journals and documents indicated in the above ,
cited resolution, so far as they have been saved :
from the late fire, shall be reserved for Congress;
Mr. AIKEN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Library to report back a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 40) accepting the portrait of John
Hampden, presented to Congress by John Mc-
Gregor. I ask that it be put on its passage.
The resolution directs the acceptance of the
portrait of John Hampden, presented to Congress
by John McGregor, and that the Joint Committee
on the Library of Congress cause the same to be
properly framed and placed in the Executive
Mansion.
The resolution was ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third time
and passed.
Mr. AIKEN, from the Committee on the
Library, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, an act (S. No. 363) to procure a
bust in marble of the late Chief Justice John Rut-
ledge.
The bill provides that the Joint Committee of
the two Houses on the Library be authorized
and required to contract with a suitable artist for
the execution in marble,and delivery in the room
of the Supreme Court of the United States, of a
bust of the late Chief Justice John P utledge; and
for the purpose of carrying such contract into
effect the bill appropriates §800.
The SPEAKER. As this is not a private bill,
it can be received only by unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I object.
The SPEAKER. The bill will then be re-
turned to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I objected a while
ago to a motion made by the gentleman from
ments heretofore deposited in the Library of i Ohio, [Mr. Stan ion.] I am satisfied that his
i i..„: i- , ... , motlon Was a proper one, and I desire to with-
draw my objection. The gentleman from Ohio
will state his motion to the House.
Mr. STANTON. My motion was that, the
Committee of the Whole be discharged from the
further consideration of a bill (S. No. 233) for
the relief of Joseph Graham, and that it be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, with
a view only to correct the amount contained in
the bill.
Mr. LETCHER. Who was Joseph Graham ?
Mr. STANTON. The bill will be reported
 ^ , .back, and placed upon the Private Calendar.
and that, in future, only two copies of the Jour- '! There is no advantage to be taken by this action.
„.,i„ ,,    ■ Mi.^ LETCHER.' With that understanding,
I will not object.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MILLSON. I nse only for the purpose
of suggesting to my friend from Tennessee, who
objected just now to the reception of a bill re-
ported by the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Aiken] from the Committee on the Library
in reference to a bust of the late Chief Justice
John Rutiedge, that he was probably under a
misapprehension as to the character of that bill;
and I wish to say, with the permission of the
House, that the bill is only designed to supply
an omission—an unintentional and accidental
omission—which has occurred in providing busts
of the chief justices for the court room. The
busts of all the other chief justices are there, and
it is the custom to procure the busts of the chief
justices; but, from some unaccountable cause, a
bust of Chief Justice Rutiedge has been omitted.
nals and documents, or any book printed by res-
olution of either House of Congress, shall be
deposited in the library, but not to be taken
therefrom.
Mr. LETCIIER. I desire to make an inquiry
concerning th«_fourth section of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is of a pub-
I lie character, and can only be received by unan-
I imous consent.
I ^ Mr. LkrCHElt. I do not believe any one
| is going to make objection. I wish to make an
I inquiry tojenow whether I understand the reso-
lution. it I understand the fourth section, it
proposes to place the books now distributed to
seminaries of learning under the charge of the
1 Secretary of the Interior, and allow him to use
! his own discretion in that distribution. If that
! is the case, then I am opposed to the resolution.
, It may so happen that the Secretary of the In-
; tenor will select, a college here and exclude an-     
i other there. It we are to make the distribution !] The bill is simply to authorize that omission to
i at ail, 1 do not see why ad colleges should not !j be supplied, and I hope the gentleman from Ten-
stana on txie samu level; why they should not all nessee will withdraw the objection,and allow the
be entmed to tne cjanie light, and the same dis- •' bill to pass.
tribution. It secnis to me that it would be giving , Mi. JONES, of Tenncsspe. I will withdraw
g,cat power to tae Secretary of the Interior to ,] my objection to the reporting of the bill, but I
aJow ium thus to discriminate between mstitu- should like to be informed whether there is any
1 ofjtlV) .1 y linnr.iP * J .. f 3- -i* !.« - . • - - -  1. - 
tions of Ifuriiin
ill-. JOiXES, of Tennessee. I move that the
resolution be laid on the table.
Air. PHELPS. I suggest that the gentleman
withdraw the motion to lay on the table, and that
i, the resolution be sent back to the Committee on
J the Library until we can find out something in '
I reference to it; and let the resolution be priiued,
tiiac we may examine it.
| Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think that wo
i are printiiuj too much already, we are oiderni"
' the publication of too iqpny books. I withdraw
i the motion to lay on the table if the resolution .
J be recommitted.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the resolution be
statue or bust of that chief justice from which one
can be made, or is it designed merely to employ
an artist to make a fancy piece to be placed in
the court-room ?
Mr. MILLSOX There is no difficulty on
that point.
Further objection was made, and the bill was
not n-ported.
Mr. MILLER, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions, reported the
following bills: which were severally lead a first
and, second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House,and, together with the report,
ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of the children of Daniel
recommitted to the Comfhittee on the Library, !<*Coit; and
ana that it be ordered to be printed. A bill fur the relief of the children of James
ihe motion was agreed to. . Kiss, a revolutionary soldier.
