1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
skilled seamen, who understand their business;
and an adequate knowledge of this business can
only be acquired by taking advantage of the
youthful enthusiasm of men, and placing them in
a practical school where they can be educated for
the tservice.
If the law, then, is to be interpreted by its
intent—and this is the point I make—then boun-
ties are offered by way of encouragement to men
to enter on a seafaring life,under the most favor-
able circumstances. Without some such encour-
agement, the fishing business which is carried
on from the small ports would hardly be profit-
able, or certain of desirable results. As it is, the
■vessels are purchased under the bounty law, and
the crews are enrolled. The seaman do not ship
for wages, but go on shares according to law.
Their part of the proceeds is distributed among
them according to the results of the voyage. The
bounty act protects their rights, and offers to them
a definite encouragement. Under such circum-
stances, there is no propriety in placing the fish-
ermen in the same category with the commercial
marine. The wages of the voyage are all that
this class of mariners expect, and it is the induce-
ment for their enterprise. The fisherman com-
plies with the law which prescribes the manner
of his remuneration, when he signs the articles
of agreement, when he enters on his voyage, set-
ting out with high hope and earnest intention
• and resolve to do his duty, and to serve the length
of time required by the statute. I submit, there-
fore, that if the fury of the elements, or the inter-
vention of Providence, makes it impossible for
these men to do all that the law requires, they
are, nevertheless, entitled to the bounty, for they
have shown the animus, the intention to comply
with the law to the very verge of possibility. In
the cases before us, the men have labored—
some of them to the last moment of their lives;
and what more could be expected of them ? And
when Congress is applied to, to give the bounty
to their widows and fatherless children, ought we
to refuse to do this justice and to grant the mis-
erable pittance for which they sue ?
I have only to say, further, that this matter is
no t an unusual subject of legislation. One would
think, from the expressions of some gentlemen,
that some new, some extraordinary trap was
sprung upon the House) but the course pursued
in these cases is the course which has been pur-
sued from Congress to Congress, for years past.
On the bill which has just been ordered to be
reported to the House, for the relief of the owners
and crew of the schooner Garnet, there were
favorable reports made in the Twenty-Ninth and
Thirtieth Congresses. This, at least, is no nov-
elty, then. I am not so well versed in the his-
tory of the particular cases now under discussion,
but the report shows that they are at least as
strong as the previous ones, we are told that
we should not come here if the general law is not
complied with in all respects. Why,sir, wecome
here only because the law could not be complied
with, by reason of events beyond human control.
These petitioners have complied with the law as
far as possible; and as they have responded to
the intention of the Government which enacted
the law, we simply ask that the intention of the
■ Government may be fulfilled to them. They
come here not to ask for strict and bare justice,
but they appeal to Congress, as a high court of
equity, to correct the imperfections and errors
which, according to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, are incident to all kinds of law. In this
debate we have been told that, because of thus
coming, a proposition will be made to repeal the
general law. I fail to perceive any propriety in
this, or to see the connection between the two
things. I cannot see why the apprehension of
such a procedure should interfere with the doing
of right under the law which still exists. "When
the question of the expediency of abrogating the
bounty law comes up, we will go into a friendly
discussion of it; and if the House be convinced
that the policy on which it is based was origin-
ally erroneous, in the face of the long array of
facts which may be marshaled in favor of it, or
if the House believe that that policy may be safely
abandoned, it can so determine m its wisdom.
They may settle this question in this manner for
a time; but, in my humble opinion, the exigencies
of the case, and the difficulties into which the
country would be too soon plunged, in the em-
861
barrassmsnt of commerce, and in. weakening an
important arm of defense, will speedily require a
return to the old system, or its equivalent.
The whole country is interested in this subject.
It is not, and ought not to be made, a sectional
question. It is not a question of the fostering of
one interest to the detriment of any other. What-
ever benefit is derived from the bounty system,
is a good shared in common by all portions of
the country. The men which this system is in-
tended to school to seamanship go forth to main-
tain the honor of the flag of these United States,
not the old pine-tree flag, not the palmetto flag,
not other flags which have gloriously braved the
breeze in colonial times, but they go forth to bear
up the glory of the American flag, and wherever
on the seas it has been crowned with victory,
men thus raised have been there. From these
considerations, I feel bound to give my support
to this bill. ^
Mr. HOUSTON. The speech of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hall,] about the flag
and about the services of seamen, would do very
well if this were a bill for the benefit of crews;
and I think he ought to offer a substitute for the
bill, so as to make it in some sort conform to his
speech. By an examination of the bill, you will
find that it does not provide anything for any
portion of the crews of the vessels named in the
pill at all. If we propose to encourage the eniist-
ing of young; men in the fishery business, so that
we may ultimatelyobtain their services in our
ships, it seems to me that we are adopting very
inadequate means for that purpose when we give
the bounty to the owners of the vessels. This
bill, in regard to every vessel named in it, pur-
poses to give the bounty all to the owners and
not a dime to the crew. \Vhat encouragement is
it, then, to the crew? What encouragement is it
for any man to go into that sort of business with
a view of acquiring skill for the purpose of ulti-
mately entering the naval service ?
Sir, the policy of passing the general law
originally, I think, was a bad one; but I do not
propose to enter into any discussion of that now.
It is the law, and was passed giving these boun-
ties in consequence of the inducements stated by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hall,]
among others. Then, is the purpose of the law
complied with in the remedy proposed by this
bill ? I ask you if there is any encouragement
held out under this bill for persons to enter into
that kind of business, when it is proposed to
give the entire bounty, which the general law
provides shall be given a part to the owners and
a part to the crew, to the owners? In the cases
of the schooners Forrester and Grampus, the
report says, that after a certain time the vessels
have not been heard from at all, and it is sup-
posed they were lost in some of the gales of the
ocean. Then, if that be true, why are the owners
of these vessels entitled to the bounty, and why
is it that we propose to give the owners of these
vessels the entire amount of bounty, when it
may be true that there are children or families of
some of the crew who are supposed to have been
lost, living? and if so, they are certainly entitled
in a much higher degree to our bounty than are
the owners of the vessels. Then, sir, this bill
is in direct conflict with the provisions of the ex-
isting law, and in direct conflict with the policy
which induced the passage of that law.
Now, sir, if the statement I have made be true,
and every person who examines the case will see
that it is true, the whole matter resolves itself
into a mere bounty to the owners and the persons
who furnished these vessels. And, if it is a mere
bounty—if it is a mere gratuity—if there is 110 law
upon which it is based—if there is no principle of
action upon which it can stand—then, if we are
to give the bounty at all, let us give it to the crews
or to the families of the crews who may have per-
ished in their voyages.
The bill which was a few minutes ago laid aside
to be passed by the action of the House, was
recommended by the Committee on Commerce,
and I desire the attention of the chairman of that
committee for one moment.. I do not know
whether there is anything in the papers of the
case which "does not appear in the report; but,
strange to say, the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Commerce has brought forward a
b'ill, and recommended its passage in a written
report, which does not show that there was a
particle of testimony before the committee, or any
thing except the petition of the claimants them-
selves. The petition sets forth certain alleged
facts, but it does not appear that there is a parti-
cle of evidence to sustain the allegations of the
petitioners.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will state
that the facts stated in the petition were sustained
to the satisfaction of the committee. I will state
further, that in several of these cases, where there
has been nothing but tta averments of the peti-
tioners, the claims have been rejected. We have
invariably required the statements to be fully
sustained by evidence.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then it seems to me that
this House is entitled to the evidence upon which
we are to base our action in giving these boun-
ties, and that it should have been set forth in the
report.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In nearly
all the cases of private claims, the evidence is
not spread out in the reports.
Mr. HOUSTON. The committee in this case
have adopted the Senate report of 1842, more
than fourteen years ago, and the gentleman from
Illinois, I presume, cannot undertake to say that
there was any evidence at that time in support
of the averments of the petitioners.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is my
understanding.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the gentleman's
impression. Why, sir, the gentleman was not
in Congress in 1842, at the time this report was
made; but the gentleman from Illinois under-
takes to say that these allegations are sustained
by outside evidence.
Now, sir, this refers to the case which has
been set aside. I do not remember the exact
phraseology of that bill, but ^presume it is sim-
ilar to the one now under consideration. I would
like to know of the gentleman who is at the
head of the committee which reported this bill,
why it is that they have provided that the bounty
shall all go to the owners of the vessels, and none
of it to the crews ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ifthe bounty
is given to the owners of the vessels, they are
under contract with the crews, and the contract
holds good with the legal representatives of the
crews to pay them their proportions.
Mr. HOUSTON. I take it that the gentleman
is mistaken. The original law itself, under
which we are pretending to act now, divides the
bounty between the owners of the vessel jind the
crew. I think it gives two fifths to one, and
three fifths to the others. This legislation, there-
fore, is in direct conflict with that legislation.
But the report goes on to state that some of the
vessels were lost, and the crews saved; and in 1
these cases we are, under this bill, to take from  
these crews the bounty to which they are entitled,
and give it to the owners of the vessels. You
propose to leave these poor men in their destitute
condition; and m the cases of the Forrester and
Grampus, you propose to take from the fam-
ilies of the crews that have perished at sea, that
bounty to which they are entitled, if it is to be
given at all, and to enrich the owners of the ves-
sels.
It has been suggested to me that some of these
vessels may have been insured.- 1 do not under-
take to argue that question, though I think it has'
a good deal to do with the merits of the case.
The law, as originally passed, requiring a cer-
tain length of service before the crews should be
entitled to bounty, was, in my judgment, one of
questionable propriety; but the money now pro-
posed to be given is a sheer gratuity, and it
seems to me that we should examine the matter
with great care—that we should scrutinize it well
before we allow the bill to pass this House. It
seems to me 'that we should not be content to
take the mere statements of the petitioners, and
a report of the Senate made more than fourteen
years ago, without some evidence before us on
which to base our action. We ought to under-
stand the provisions of the law under which we
are ostensibly acting. If that law required three
or four months, or any other time of service, to
entitle these men to bounty, we ought to require
that the service shall be performed before the
bounty is granted. We ought never to construe
a law which operates in favor of one class, and
against the rest of the people, in a way to make it
