THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
more comprehensive than its terms and provisions
legitimately make it.
Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Chairman, the member
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hall,] who spoke on
this subject, presented a great variety of consid-
erations to the committee, with a view to show
the propriety of making the grant of money pro-
posed by the bill, lie stated, and I have no
doubt that he stated it with the utmpst truth, that
ships of war find great difficulty in obtaining
crews; that it was common for ships in the mer-
chant service to be delayed for days and weeks
in our ports, because of the inability to obtain
seamen. Did it not occur to that gentleman that
such a condition of affairs might be the result of
the policy which the gentleman is so desirous of
having .pursued ? Persons who serve on your
national vessels—persons who are the crews of
our merchant ships, when afloat on the ocean,
are under the protection of Heaven alone. If
they are lost, the support they afford their fam-
ilies is wrested away. If they go into the fish-
eries, and keep away from the commercial marine
—if seafaring men avoid the national service, and
engage in fishing-smacks, they are insured by
the Government, and their families are to be pro-
tected against the elements ! Does it not occur
to every gentleman, that in the event of our pur-
suing the course the gentleman advocates, it will
produce precisely the effect which he now so
much deplores? Does it not strike him that it
will increase the difficulty of manning our mer-
chant marine ? To my mind it is conclusive that
that policy defeats the object that all good states-
men should aim at; that it defeats the object
which it is said is to furnish a nursery for sea-
men to man our ships in the naval service, and
our ships engaged in the commerce of the world.
Mr. Chairman, that gentleman, and all who act
with him, in my view, have fallen into a most
serious error, as to the intention of the Govern-
ment, as shown by existing legislation. He says—
and they all seem to think—that the object of the
Government in adopting the provisions on which
these claims are based was to encourage a nursery
for seamen. He seems to think that "the Govern-
ment held out a bounty to all those who would
engage in maritime pursuits of this character. If
the gentleman will revert to the law, and will
examine it, and if he will apply to it the rule of
construction which he alluded to—if he will regard
its letter, and consider the object proposed, he
will discover there is no foundation whatever for
that assumption. The object of the legislation
certainly was to benefit the Government. It cer-
tainly was to promote the maritime power of the
Uiiited Slates? Buthow? It was to produce a cer-
tain number of seamen, who should, at all times,
be ready to answer the call of the country. The
bounty offered was not to those who had a good
disposition, but to those who had accomplished
the woik. it was to those who were in life—who ;
had pursued a particular course of action, and had
thereby fitted themselves for playing the part of j
seamen. The Government proposed to give a [
bounty to those men who were actually in life, and \
ready to engage in the service of the country. It i
was not contemplated by the law that those who j
engaged in that course of action should receive an ;
assutance from the Government which it did not i
extend to other portionsof ourpopulation—which j
the Government did not extend to other classes !
of our citizens engaged on the ocean. The object .
of (he law was to secure the services of living j
men who were competent to discharge the duties ;
of seamen. It is a perversion of language to i
say that we are carrying out that policy when i
we propose to remedy evils which are not pecu- !j
liar to that class of men, but common to all i!
engaged ill the maritime service—to all who ij
encounter the perils of the deep. It is, then, a l|
perveision of language to say, that it is either ij
eairying out the spirit, or in any way tending to ji
the accomplishment of the object of the law, to ij
extend assistance to a class of men who have not 1
complied with the conditions of the law—to ji
men' who are not in a position to render the ser-
vicc which was the only object the Government j(
had in view whi'ii it offered these bounties. X If
therefore trust that the bill will be laid aside, '
with the recommendation that it do not pass. ;|
Air. McMULLJA. For the purpose of saving ,j
the time of the House, I will, before I sit down, ;j
submit a proposition that this bill be passed over
for the present. I have given noticcofjny inten-
tion on Monday next to introduce a joint resolu-
tion to repeal the general fishery bounty law, and
I shall make the motion to pass over in order to
test the sense of the House on this question.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hall] has failed to satisfy, I presume, any
member, of this House by the argument he has
made, that this bill carries out an existing law of
the land. The gentlemen from Alabama and Louis-
iana have, I think, conclusively shown that the
gentleman's speech is in direct conflict with the
bill before the committee. But I do not mean to
protract this discussion any further. I am will-
ing, at the proper time, to discuss the original
purpose of Congress in passing the fishery bounty
law. I am not willing, however, that this com-
mittee shall this day, in this way, tacitly repeal
that law; for, disguise the fact as you may, such
is the result.
The gentleman says that this is not a sectional
bill. 1 have not said that it was. Its operation
is, however, to encourage one portion of the com-
munity at the expense of the other. He has also
undertaken to show that this money will go to
the children of these poor seamen. But the gen-
tleman from A labama has shown that it does not
go to them. The chairman of the Committee on
Commerce has attempted to convey the impres-
sion that there is a contract between the owners
and the crews by which the seamen would receive
their distributive share of the bounty. I do not
know whether such is or is not the fact; but I
should like to see the evidence of it. I should
be glad to see one of these contracts exhibited to
the House. I beg pardon of the committee. It
was not my intention to have detained them as
long as I have. I move that the bill be passed
over for the present.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Here is one
of the contracts which the gentleman wishes to see.
Mr. McMULLlN. Let it be read. My pur-
pose in rising was to save the time of the com-
mittee. Monday next, when my resolution is
introduced, we shall be able to test the sense of
the House fully 011 this subject. There are many
bills before the committee of a private nature, to
the consideration of which we can pass, and this
being a subject of a general character, it should
receive a very full consideration by the House;
and therefore I move to pasa by this bill for the
present. *
Mr. FLORENCE. I object to the motion.
Mr. McMULLlN. Is not my motion in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order except
by unanimous consent, as it changes the order
of business in the committee.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I have
not the honor to represent a district in which
there are many seamen, other than those engaged
on the " raging canal," but I take an interest in
this question 011 account of the broad and en-
j lightened policy which gave rise to the fishing
| bounties, as well as on account of the interest
j which the country has in maintaining that policy,
j The acts of Congress granting bounties to the
owners of vessels engaged in fis'hing, and to sea-
men who embark on board those Vessels, had in
view, as the leading object, the creation of a
nursery for seamen—a school in which a hardy,
adventurous, and bold race of men might be
trained and instructed, who would be qualified in
time of war to man our national vessels, and in
peace to protect our commerce in distant seas.
Men who from boyhood have been accustomed
to wrestle with the sea, to pursue the whale
around the Pole, and, like the gallant Kane and
his companions, to keep on their way through
storm and ice, are of the right material to walk
the quarter-deck and sustain the reputation of
our national flag. They composed a large pro-
portion of the effective force of American seamen
in the war of 1812. They fitted out armed vessels,
and went in search of the enemy's cruisers and
commerce in distant oceans, with the same spirit
and love of adventure which had prompted them
to pursue the whale through every danger, and
in the most remote seas.
The act of Congress in question, among other
matters, prescribes that when a vessel of a certain
tonnage shall be fitted out for a fishing voyage,
and shall continue upon her cruise for a period
of four months or upwards, the owners of such
vessel, and the seamen thereof, shall be entitled
to receive from Government the bounty fixed by
the act.
It is urged that the cases under consideration
are not within the letter of the general law upon
this subject. Here the vessels were regularly
fitted out under the requirements of the bounty
acts, but did not continue upon the •' fishing voy-
age" for a period of four months; for the very
plain reason—and to the seamen and owners a
most unfortunate one—that some of the vessels
were wrecked, and in two instances went down
at sea, as they have never been heard from. It
is granted that the owners of the vessels in ques-
tion have not brought themselves within the letter
of the law, but they are clearly within the spirit,
intention, and meaning of the law, which is the
life of the law. Relying upon the faith of the
Government, the owners invested their means in
these barks, complied with the terms prescribed
in the act of Congress as to tonnage and the quan-
tity of salt on board, and embarked with the
necessary crews on a fishing voyage. Some were
wrecked, with the loss of vessel and cargo, and
others went down at sea; and now it is contended
that the survivors, and the legal representatives
of the dead mariners, must lose the bounty, be-
cause the hand of Providence prevented the com-
pletion of the voyage.
That requirement of the law fixing the term at
four months was intended to prevent fraud. If
no term had been fixed, an owner might fit out
a vessel, proceed upon a voyage, and, returning
within a few days, claim the bounty; and many
fraudulent voyages migh t be made within a month.
This the term fixed by the act prevents; but it
does not apply to a voyage commenced in good
faith, and terminated by the visitation of Provi-
dence. The consideration for the bounty passes
when the vessel proceeds upon her cruise, having
complied with the law in other respects, and for
the honest purpose of proceeding on and prose-
cuting a fishing voyage to the expiration of the
requisite time. Congress has, for a number of
years, allowed bounties in cases invested with
the same equities as those before us. Any other
construction would defeat the whole object of the
law.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
is correct in saying that, under the provisions of
the statute, the owner is entitled to a part of the
bounty, and the seamen to the remainder. But
the gentleman objects, because he alleges that,
under the wordingof the bill before the committee,
the owners will receive all the bounty, provided
you see proper to pass this bill; and the seamen
will not receive anything. The owner is entitled
to receive two fifths of tne fund, the seamen three
fifths. It is well known around Cape Cod and
Cape Ann, and the practice is universal and no-
torious, that fishermen enter into agreements with
owners and masters of fishing craft, by which
the parties are secured in their respective shares
of the bounty money. It forms a part of the
fishing custo,ms, rules, and regulations. If the
owner draws the fund he becomes a mere trustee
for the seamen, so far as their interests are con-
cerned. This avoids the payment by the proper
Department to a multitude of persons, as well as
much delay and difficulty. The practice has been
uniform, as far as I can learn, and should be ad-
hered to. The committee who reported this bill
to the House have advised us that the usual
agreements were entered into in the cases before
us, and I suppose they form a part of the testi-
mony furnished the committee. We cannot name
all the seamen and all the representatives of the
deceased seamen m this bill, and therefore we
propose giving the bounty to the person who is
responsible, and uuder a legal obligation to pay
the seamen their proportions.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have endeavored to
place this case fairly on its merits before the com-
mittee. It is a case of fishing and offish, and
should be weighed in the scales of equity. I
trust that the bill will be laid aside, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania says that the owners of these vessels
will be held as trustees for the balance of the
bounty not belonging to them, and, holding as
such, would he hound to distribute the fund
which may be assigned to them by Congress
under'this bill. Now, sir, I propose to make
that plain; and for the purpose of doing so, I
