1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28S
was to have introduced the bill in theHouse, and
had it referred and placed upon the Private Cal-
endar. I take occasion to say, that when my at-
tention was called to this case last session, I con-
sulted with a gentleman who has the reputation
in this House and in the country of being one of
the best of parliamentarians—a gentleman who
once had the honor of presiding over the deliber-
ations of this House. i consulted with him as to
the course I should take in reference to this mat-
ter; and the advice which I received was, to s;ive
nonce of the introduction of the bill—which I did,
as the Journal of last session will show—and that
it would be entirely competent for me, when the
case would come up on the report of the Court
of Claims, to present the bill as a substitute
for the report, and to call for the action of the
committee on it* I am not disposed to occupy
longer the time of the House on this case, small
as it is.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. May I ask what is
the amount of the claim ?
Mr. WALKER. Two hundred and sixteen
dollars and sixty-seven cents.
Mr. ZOLL1COFFER. Do I understand the
gentleman to say that the claimant performed
Work which did not properly devolve upon him?
Mr. WALKER. Certainly; and so Mr. Ralie
Peyton states in his letter, and so does Mr.
Marcy.
Mr. ZOLLTCOFFER. I think it a case in
which we ought not to refuse this small pittance
to the man who did the work; but I am for hav-
ing that compensation deducted from his prede-
cessor. I have known so many instancesof this
sort, in which officials filling public situations
have failed to discharge the duties which devolved
Upon them, that it does seem to me this course
should be pursued.
Mr. WALKER. It was not the fault of the
predecessor of this gentleman. The first person
who received the appointment as secretary was
Robert M. Walsh, who declined The vacancy
was then filled by the appointment of Mr. B.
Rowan Hardin, who died on the passage to Chili.
The confusion which took place in the mission was
the result of the non-acceptance of the appoint-
ment by Mr. Walsh, and the death of the gen-
tleman who was then appointed; so that the fault
does not lie at the door of Mr. Holman's prede-
cessor.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Then, if I understand
the facts, it is a case in which the duties which
should have been discharged prior to the arrival
of this person were left unperformed. From this
fact, there was an accumulation of duties devolv-
ing upon this person, over and above those which
would have devolved upon him had the papers
not been suffered to get into disorder, and the
indiccs to be neglected, &c. That being so, this
man being required to perform an extra duty, I
am of opinion that, notwithstanding he received
a salary for the discharge of his ordinary duties,
and considering the small amount of his claim
and the principle involved, it ought to be allowed.
Mr. ST-ANTOjN". If I recollect correctly the
cases cited by the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Walker] in support of this claim, it will bofound
that they are cases in which an officer holding an
inferior grade, has discharged the duties of an
office of a higher grade, and he has been allowed
the difference between the salary of the grade of
the officer whose duties he performed, and that
of the grade which he himself held. That is a
class of cases in which allowances have been fre-
quently made, and in which it may be regarded
as the established precedent of Congress to allow
compensation. This case, as I understand, does
not rest on any principle of that sort, but rests
on the naked principle, that a party appointed to
an office, the salary of which is fixed, is entitled
to an extra compensation on account of the in-
creased duties of that office. It is said that m
this case the duties had accumulated in conse-
quence of the absence of the incumbent or of the
ncglect of his predecessor.
Now, this is a very small matter in itself, and
the only objection I-have to it is, that I am appre-
hensive it would be made a precedent and a fore-
runner for a class of cases whose name would be
legion. If it be a sound principle applicable to a
secretary of legation, it is a sound principle ap-
Flicable to every employe of the Government,
t is equally applicable to the clerks in the various
Departments, and to the officers of this House.
If they find an accumulation of business when
they go into office, they may come m for increased
pay. If the House is disposed to grant the little
amount asked for by this claimant, they had a
thousand times better find some other way of
paying him than to adopt such a principle as the
passage of this bill would sanction. For myself,
1 think this applicant has no claim on the justice
or equity of the Government. The claim is
wholly without legal foundation.
The question being on reporting the bill pre-
sented by Mr. Walker to the House, it was
taken; and it was decided in the negative.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. HAVEN. I now move that the case be
laid aside, with the recommendation that the de-
cision of the Court of Claims be affirmed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WALBRIDGE moved that the commit-
tee* rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 19) in the case
of John C. Hale.
Mr. HAVEN moved that the case be laid aside
to be reported to the House, with the recom-
mendation that the decision of the Court of Claims
be affirmed.
Mr. McaUEEN moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes 50, noes
70.
A bill (C. C. No. 2) for the relief of Asbury
Dickins.
Mr. LETCHER. The Committee of Claims
recommend that the bill do not pass. I move
that it be laid aside to be reported to the House
with that recommendation.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. McQJJEEN moved that the committee
rise; and demanded tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Orr and
Moore were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes seventy-one; a further count not
being demanded. #
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee then rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the ciiair, Mr. Grow reported
that the Committee of the Whole House had, ac-
cording to orjler, had under consideration the
Private Calendar, and had directed him to report
back two bills—one of them with amendments,
and the other without amendment—with the rec-
ommendation that they do pass; and sundry re-
ports of the Court of Claims with the recom-
mendation that the decisions of said court be
affirmed.
J. KNOWLES, JR., AND OTHERS.
A bill (H. R. No. 300) for the relief of Joshua
Knowles, Jr., and others, owners of the schooner
Garnet, of Truro, reported from the Committee
of the Whole House, with the recommendation
that it do pass, was taken up for consideration.
Mr. FLORENCE called for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. WHITFIELD asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a bill for refer-
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected until
the pending business was disposed of.
Mr. McMULLIN moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The "motion was disagreed to.
Mr. BARKSDALE asked leave to introduce,
for the purpose of reference, a bill he had been
trying to get in for three weeks past.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected.
The pending bill was then ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. GREENWOOD. As thecommitteeseemed
to be jishy on this question, I call for the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill. [Laughter.]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McMULLIN moved that the House ad-
journ: and on that motion called for the yeas and
nays. *
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. McMULLIN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered*, and Messrs. Kbx.lt and
De Witt were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 47, noes 71.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred upon the passage of the
bill, upon which the*yeas and nays had been
ordered.
Mr. McMULLIN moved that there be a call
of the House.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was then taken;and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 70; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Alhrmht, Allison, Demon, Billinghur^t,
Bingham, Bli^s, BiaiMmw, Brenton, Buffinton, Buriin-
game, James II. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Ulaik, Clawson,
Colfax, Coming, Covode, Cragin, Damrcll. Timothy Davis,
Dean, De Witt, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Flagler, Florence,
Giddmgs, Granger, Robert B. flail, J. Momson Harris,
Ilodges, Hollowny, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B  Hor-
ton, Howard, Hugh*ton, Kelsey, Kennett. Kmc, Knapp,
Knight, Knovvitoa, Knox, Matteson, McCarty, McMulUn,
Morgan, Morrill, Murray, Norton, Parker, Pearce. Pclton,
Pennington, Peny, Pike, Prmgle, Puivianee, Ritchie, Rob-
bms, Sabm, Supp, Sherman, Stranahan,Tappan,Tlioring-
ton, Todd, Tratton, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburnc, EJIihu J3. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Welch, Wells, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—
80.
NAYS—Messrs. Barksdale, Hendley S. Bennett, Branch,
Brooks, Burnett, Cadwalader, Lewis D. Campbell, Caru-
ther.s Caskie, Bayard Clarke, Howell Cobb, Williamson
R. W. Cobb, Craige, Cullen, Cumback, Day, Dowdeil,
Enirie, Goode, Greenwood, Grow, Augustus Hall, Harlan,
Haven, Hoffman, Houston, George W. Jones, Kelly, Kid-
wen, Lake, Leiter, Letcher, McQueen, MilJson, Moore,
Moniaoii, Mott, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Fame, Peck,
Petnt, Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Ready, Ricaud, Kuffin,
Sandidge, Seott, Shorter, William Smith, Spinner, Stan-
ton, Stewart, Taylor, Thurston, Trippe, Underwood. Valk,
Wakeman, Walker, Wai nei ,Watkins, Wheeler, Williams,
Daniel B. Wiight, John V. Wright, and Zullicoffcr—70.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the call,
Mr. PAINE stated that Mr. Robison was de-
tained from the House by sickness.
Mr. McMULLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed
Mr WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. McMULLIN moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. MATTESON demanded the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 68, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barksdale, Hendley S. Bennett, Brooks,
Burnett, Cadwaladcr, Carutlicrs, Caskie, Bayaid Clarke,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craige, Culien, Day, DowdeJI,
Edward-, Emrie, Flagler, Florence, Garnett,Goode, Green-
wood, Augustu> Hal), Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Haven,
Hoffman, Houston, George W. Jones, Kidwell, King, Lake,
Leiter, Letcher, MeMulJin, MrQueen, Millson, MilKvard,
Mott, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Paine, Peek,
Porter, Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Ready, Ricaud, Rulfin,
Sandtdge, Shorter, William Smith, Stanton, Stewait, Tay-
lor, Thuiston,Trippe, Underwood, Valk. Waldron, Walker,
Watkins, Wheeler, Williams, Daniel B. Wright, John V.
Wnght, and Zolhcoffer—68.
NAVS — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Benson, Bingham,
Bliss, Bradohaw,Bioom, Hulfinton, Burhngame, James H.
Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Claik, Clawson. Colfax, Comins,
Covode, Cragm, Cumback, Damroll, Timothy Davis, Dean,
De Win, Dickson,Dodd, Durfee,Giddmg*,Granger. Grow,
Robert B. Hall, Holloway, Thomas U. Horton, Valentine
B. Iloiton, Howaid, Hughston. Kel>ey, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Kno*, Matteson, McCarty, Morgan, Morrill,
Murray, Paiker, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Prmgle,
Purviance, Robbins, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sheiman,
Spinner, Stianahan, Tappan, Thonngton, Todd, Trafton,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge, Cadwalader C. Wa&hburne,
Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch,
Woodruff, and Woodworth—73.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON moved that there be a call of
the House.
Mr. McMULLIN called for the veas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE moved that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
! accordingly (at three o'clock and forty-five min-
utes) adjourned till Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 12, 1857.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Collom, their Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills-, in which
