1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL-GLOflF.
291
to exercise those powers. It may be that one or
the other will be derelict in its duty. Charges
^were made at the last session in relation to one
of the two bodies of Congress, that it Was de-
relict in its duty in relation to the passsge of a
law; but because one House is derelict in its
duty, is the inference thence to be drawn that
thoge who were present and ready to perform
their duty, could act in the absence of the derelict
body?
Gentlemen tellushere—and it is really seriously
urged as an argument on the attention of the
Senate—that this was a factious action on the
part of a majority of the Senate of Iowa. Sir, it
does not become me, and—I say it with due def-
erence—I do not think it altogether courteous in
any other gentleman, to qualify in such terms the
conduct of a State Legislature, however much to
him it may seem to deserve ccnsure. This I will
say: whether factious or not, whether the Senate
of the State of Iowa was guilty of a breach of
promise towards the House of Representatives
or not, whether it was guilty of a breach of faith
or not, the fact was that the Senate of the State
of Iowa refused to elect a Senator of the United
States; that after it had given its consent to the
House of Representatives to join it in convention
to elect a Senator, it withdrew that consent—sub-
stantially it withdrew it in as formal a manner
as I can conceive it possible for a Legislature or
corporate body to withdraw its consent.
The Senator from Mississippi, who first ad-
dressed the Senate, [Mr. Bbawn,] appears to me
to have fallen into averyWrange contradiction
in his positions. He agrees that if the Senate of
the State of Iowa had passed a resolution on the
Saturday morning on which it met, that it would
not go into convention with the House, and had
sent notice to that effect to the House of Repre-
sentatives, there could have been no convention,
and no election. That he admits; and yet the
record stares him in the face that on the morning
of the day on which the Senate was to have
joined the House in joint convention, it did pass
a resolution that it would do no more business
N until Monday, for it adjourned from the moment
of its meeting on Saturday morning until Mon-
day morning; and the Senator who now holds his
seat was elected during the adjournment of an
entire branch of the Legislature, and yet we arc
told he was elected by " the Legislature!"
Mr. BROWN. The Senator will allow me to
ask him a question. Was that proceeding noti-
fied to the House of Representatives—formally
notified, I mean?
Several Senators. Yes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Gentlemen around me say
•it was. It really seemed to be a matter of such
perfect indifference, that I did not look at it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I can answer the question.
The Journal shows that when the House sent a
committee to the Senate to wait on them, that
committee reported to the House that they had
-gone to the Senate chamber, and the Senate had
adjourned to Monday4; and hcnce there was no
-Senate there.
Mr. BROWN. That does not meet my point.
My point was, that if the Senate choose to break
up the joint convention, they could do it by pass-
ing a resolution to that effect, and formally noti-
fying their own action to the House; and not
that a mere adjournment over beyond the day
- when the joint convention was to assemble, that
, fact being ascertained by some committee not
connected with the Senate at all, would be suffi-
cient.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think that if the Senator
from Mississippi, whose mind is so acute and so
■logical, will reflect on his proposition, he will see
that it is impossible there can be the difference
which he supposes between the two cases. If
the Senate had sent notice to the House that it
would not meet the House, he admits the election
would be invalid; but because it refused to meet
the House, and did not send notice, he says the
election is valid. The Senator will perceive at
once that the entire and sole question before us
is this: was the constituent authority which
elected the Senator now applying for his seat,
competent to elect him? if one branch of the
Legislature be absent, either with or without
notice to the other branch, the fact of the com-
munication of the notice would not change the
constitution of the body. If the Senate of the
State of Iowa determined that they would form
no part of that body which was to elect a Sen-
ator, and yet failed to notify the House of that
determination, it was not the less no part of the
body, for it took no part in the election. There
can be no difference in the principle of the two
cases. The sole question being the constituent
power of the electoral body, if that electoral body
was deficient, by the voluntary and determinate
action of the Senate deciding that it would not
be present at the election, the fact that it failed
to communicate its result, cannot change the
constitution of the electing body.
Mr. BUTLER. I think it better to let my
friend's argument have the full weight which it
will derive from a statement of the facts. As I
understand, the House of Representatives of Iowa
met at nine o'clock. The Senate met at its usual
hour, which was ten o'clock; and after the House
had been in session and attending to its usual
business, it sent the ordinary message which had
been sent to the Senate before—an inter-commu-
nication asking them to go into this convention.
When the committee arrived, some time had
passed away. The Senate at ten o'clock, or
shortly after ten o'clock, concluded to adjourn
till Monday, but not, as I understand, with a
purpose of terminating all efforts to conduct this
election. I think there is a mistake about that.
On Monday they would have determined whether
they would have gone into an election or not, and
they had that right.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I was going on to that
very point which the Senator from South Caro-
lina has suggested, in further answer to the re-
marks of my friend from Mississippi. He is
right when he says that the convention, if legally
constituted on the daypuorto that at which it
made this election, having adjourned to the day
on which it made the election, was still a con-
vention of the two bodies, and therefore embodied
the Legislature of the State; but docs not my
friend see that he does not yet get to the point of
the difficulty? Take his own suggestion as to
the action of this body. Ho says that if we agree
to adjourn until to-morrow, and if to-morrow
morning we come here but three or four mem-
bers, we are still the Senate of the United States.
He is right. That is not the question. We have
not yet reached the difficulty. When we meet
to-morrow morning, three or four members being
the Senate of the United States not in quorum,
can we do anything but adjourn ? Can we go
on and legislate? The convention of this State
Legislature, admitting it to have been properly
held, admitting the right of the two bodies to
sit together, admitting its adjournment to have
been valid, admitting it to have been a valid meet-
ing on the morning oil which this election took
place, and where still have you go}? Not to the
point of acting, because there was no quorum
under the State constitution; but to this point,
and this point alone, of adjourning over to the
following Monday, and waiting until there was a
quorum—not an indefinite adjournment, but an
adjournment to the following Monday for want
of a quorum, and notice to the other constituent
part of the convention that its presence was re-
quired for the purpose of going on with the trans-
action of business, for without its piesence there
could be no quorum.
The question, then, is one of a quorum of this
convention. Gentlemen tell us that the conven-
tion was in quorum, because a majority of the
members of the two branches were present, al-
though a majority of each branch was not present.
Now, when gentlemen tell us that was the case,
they tell us it was so because the law of Iowa
declared that a majority of the members of the
convention should be a quorum. To that I say,
I care not whether it is so or not; the constitution
of the State of Iowa says the contrary. The
constitution of the State says, that to do business
there must be a quorum of both branches.
Mr. BROWN. Will my friend allow me to
interpose at this point? 1 think 1 see the point
of difference between us. He admits with me,
that the Senate may be present without there
being a quorum. I admit with him, that a quo-
rum must be present to do any act which requires
the presence of a quorum to give it validity.
Then we come to the point, is the presence of
a quorum necessary to make perfect the act of
electing a Senator5 I hold this to be true in the
language of the law books, ®tt the law is the
perfection of reason, and at the point where the
reason of the law ceases, the law Itself ceases.
Now, for what purpose do you require the pres-
ence of a quorum ? Is the concurrence of that
quorum necessary to make the election valid? It '
is admitted that it is not. The election will be
valid, though the quorum vote against the Sena-
tor who is chosen.
Mr.BENJ/YMIN*. I was coming to that point,
if the Senator would permit me. He himself
used that argument the other day.
Mr. BROWN. I thought the Senator was
passing over it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I was going on to that
point, because I listened to my honorable friend
from Mississippi, for whose judgment I have
great respect, with interest, and I confess some
surprise as regards the conclusion at which his
mind arrived. He made that very argument the
other day, and I was about to answer it.
Mr. BROWN. I thought you were passing
it by.
Mr. BENJAMIN. He asks why do you want
a quorum, when it is admitted that if a majority
of the Senate be requisite to constitute a quorum,
and were present, even if that majority had voted
the other way, the election would have been the
same, because it was not necessary for the quorum
to vote for the member elected ? I again answer
the Senator by an illustration from the practice
of our own body with which we are so familiar.
Suppose thirty-one members are sitting here,
thirty-two being required for a quorum, and
thirty of us vote for the passage of abill,and one
votes against it. If there could be got another
man to vote against the bill, the bill would pass;
but because there is a man absent who is opposed
to the bill, the bill cannot pass. The presence of
an opponent of the bill would secure its passage;
his absence secures its defeat. Why? Because
after all there must be some rule—some line. The
Constitution lays it down, and it is not for us to
say that in this p^icular instance the rule oper-
ates unreasonably and in that it operates well.
The Constitution creates the power which alone
can act. Our inquiry is, was the power4here to
act, or was it not? If it was not there, it is not
for us to say what would have been the result if
it had been there. I think this is a complete and
conclusive answer to the objection as made by
the honorable Senator from Mississippi.
Certain objections have been raised with some
show of reason, based upon the fact, that the
Legislatures of the different States of the Union
have, m the absence of any constitutional pro-
hibition in their own States, exercised their power
as a Legislature, derived from the United States
Constitution, by meeting in joint convention, in-
stead of sitting in separate chambers. I see no
objection to that. I see no objection, when the
State constitution has organized a Legislature, to
that Legislature meeting in one chamber, or in
two chambers, to exercise the right which the *
constitution has vested in it. But whether it sits
in one chamber or in two, it must be such a Legis-
lature as the constitution of the State has created,
or it is no Legislature at all. Pass the line—let
it be not exactly such a Legislatuie as a conven-
tion of the citizens of the State have ordered—
pass that line once, and where is the limit ? Just
see where we are driven. We are drifting at sea
without compass or rudder.
The honorable Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] tells us, with that intrepidity with which
he always meets the results of his own arguments,
and for which every candid and fair reasoner
must admire him, that the Senator from Iowa
who now holds his seat would hold it validly if
there had not been a Senator of that State present
to vote at the time he was elected. Yet this is
in the face of a Constitution which says there
is no Legislature except that which is composed
of two branches. We are asked, how,eatt. you
say that a Senator on this floor has beeb elected,
when the case has occurred, as has freeraenily
taken place, of the two bodies of the Legislature
meeting in joint convention, and the majority m
one body overbearing an opposite majority in the
other? I see no difficulty in that at ad. I see
nothing in the objection which, examined at the
bottom, is not easily dissipated. Sir, two bodies
have to act; and for the sake of tne argument
let me suppose numbers to make myself clear.
