292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Suppose that a Senate of twenty, and a House
of one hundred members form a Legislature.
They have sole control of the time and the place
and the manner of holding the election. They
" must concur. One body-, the Senate, votes, and
gives a majority for A; the other body, the House
of Representatives, votes, and gives a majority
for B; and the two Houses do not concur. The
Houses then, by joint resolution, agree that they
will take another ballot in each House, with the
understanding that, if the majority in the Senate
for A shall exceed the majority in the House for
B, then the House will yield its choice, and agree
to elect A with the Senate; but if, on the con-
trary, the House majority for B exceeds the
Senate majority for A, then the Senate agree that
theywill yield, and join the House in declaring
B elected. They ballot again: there is a majority
of five for A in the Senate, and ten for B m the
House; and thereupon, by common consent of
both bodies, B is declared elected.
That is an election by the Legislature, and yet
the votes have been taken per capita. That is an
election taken by the consent of the two branches,
and yet one branch has voted by a majority for a
different individual from the one elected. Why
is it valid? Because the manner of holding the
election is exclusively within the power of the
Legislature that makes the election. This is the
case, as I understand it, in Virginia. In the
House of Delegates a vote is taken for Senator.
In the Senate another vote is taken for Senator.
It is the understanding between the two Houses,
that if the two Houses do not concur in the
majority for one individual, the House in which
the majority is the smaller will yield its choice
to the House in which the majority is the greater,
and concur with that House in declaring its
favorite the successful candidate. This, then, is
an election by the Legislature. Both bodies act.
One body mustyield when they differ in opinion;
and by agreement the mode of ascertaining how
one or the other is to yield, is determined by the
vote per capita in the two (Ranches—perfectly
legal, perfectly constitutional; and the body elect-
ing t^e Legislature just such as the constitution
organized it. This is legal and constitutional, in
my opinion, whether they sit in separate cham- '
bers, or whether they sit together in one chamber.
They may meet together in one, and every mem-
ber of the Senate vote for one man, and every
member of the House vote for the other, and the
House majority for the one will vastly exceed
the Senate majority for the other; but when they
go into convention there is this tacit agreement,
that the House which finds itself in a minority
in the respective numbers given'for its chosen
candidate, shall yield its choice to the other; and
•it docs yield it, and the joint convention declares,
as the act of both bodies, the election of the Sen-
ator who may be chosen.
But, sir, how different is this from the case
where the members of two bodies, when they
meet together, find that there is no Quorum as
required by the constitution of the State when
they find no Legislature present! Idle is it for
me that you should refer me to a law which de-
clares that the members of the two bodies should
meet in convention. I tell you that law can-
not override the organic constitution of the State.
In my State, the organic constitution provides
that the members of the two bodies may meet in
joint convention. I agree with my colleague
that a Legislature thus constituted in joint conven-
tion by the State constitution, will be in Quorum
by a majority of its body; but if in the constitu-
tion ol the State there is no provision for thus
orgamzinga Legislature for electoral purposes, the
Legislature of the State, can make no law to that
effect, for the Legislature is the creature, and the
constitution is the creator.
These are my views, Mr. President, very
bneny and imperfectly expressed. They differ
somewhat from those of others, and I thought it I
" my duty to state them. j
j^r, FESSENDEN. Mr. President,ithasbeen j
well remarked, by the Senator from Louisiana, !
who first addressed the Senate, [Mr. Slidell,]'
that tins was in the nature of a judicial question,
and it is perfectly proper for every Senator who
is to adjudicate upon it to give his opinion. I
am actuated somewhat by th,at yiew of the matter
in addressing the Senate at this late Jjour, because
"ave frxed opinions on the subject, which I have
entertained from the beginning, and which have
not been changed by any of the arguments that
have been adduced by Senators.
Senators who oppose the sitting member do not
Seem to agree upon any one ground upon which
to oppose him. One Senator places his opposi-
tion on one point, and another upon another.
The honorable Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Bayard,] for instance, thinks that no election
can be made, legally, if it is ascertained, or ap-
pears, thata minority of the Senate, not a quorum
of that body, is present in convention. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut, [Mr. Toucey,] thinks that
even if all the Senators were present in conven-
tion, with a majority of the House of Represent-
atives, if that convention is holden $ta time when
the Senate is not properly in session, or on a day
>vhen it is not in session, the election made by
such a convention would not be legal. Other
Senators seem to found their opposition upon the
ground that the statute of the State of Iowa has
not been complied with in all particulars, and, as
they think, in all important particulars. One
result from this diversity of views must follow,
and that is, that if the Senator now holding his
place in this body from Iowa should be rejected,
the case will form no precedent. It cannot be
said that in such a case the Senate has established
any principle whatever, because none has been
affirmed by a majority of the Senate as settling
the matter in dispute. On the contrary, those
who sustain the right of the sitting member to his
seat, place it on one single ground, which is this:
that any election made by a majority of the Legis-
lature of the State, in any constitutional form
agreed to by that Legislature, or which has re-
ceived its assent, is legal and valid; and if the
sitting member holds his seat, he will hold it on
that broad principle.
INow, sir, it strikes me that it is important, ill
all cases of this kind, that some principle should
be established by the decision we make, because
it will form a precedent for other cases of a sim-
ilar description, when other cases arise. A brief
statement of a few leading principles, in most of
which, I believe, all the Senators agree, but in
some of which there may be a difference of
opinion, will show to the Senate the position
which I take in relation to this question.
I will premise that I listened to the honorable-
Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] who
has just addressed the Chair, with great interest
throughout his argument, and with more par-
ticular interest througliont the first part of it,
because he adopted the same line which I had
marked out for myself in looking at the sub-
ject, and which I had placed among my memo-
randa.; and I supposed he must come to the same
conclusion with myself. I listened to him, there-
fore, with some surprise, when I found that, from
the same data which I had assumed for myself,
arguing on the same great leading principles, he
arrived at an entirely different conclusion; and in
which conclusion of his I am still not at all able
to concur.
Mr. President, there are a few simple princi-
ples which I think govern the whole case, and f
beg leave to state them, because it is necessary to
the course of argument which I have chosen to
adopt, although they have been stated before. In
the first place, the question arises under two
c auses of the Constitution of the United States-
clauses of the first article in the third and fourth
sections. The third section simply provides that
Senators are to be chosen by the Legislature of
the State; and the fourth section uses precisely
the same language that " the times, places, and
manner of holding elections for Senators shall be
prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof."
It goes no further, but reserves the power to Con-
gress to alt or the regulations. The lano-uao-e is I
peculiar. In both cases it is " the Legislature;" j
but in the second clause it is provided that the
Legislature shall prescribe "the manner of hold- '
nig elections"—not the manner of electing but !
the manner of holding elections. What does j;
that mean ? It means the mode which they chose !
to agree upon as the form of coming to the result, j
It may include the voting, whether viva voce or in '
any other way, but it certainly includes the man-1
ner of holding elections, whether in one form, '
distinctly by each branch, if there is more than
one, or in joint meeting of the two. It is " the
mantlet of holding the election."
January 12,
Then comes another question, what is " the
Legislature?" The Constitution says the elec-
tion shall be by " the Legislature." What is?
meant by it? I agree with what was stated
(though not in the same words) by the honorable
Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin ] The
Legislature is that which is so constituted by the
constitution of each State. That decides what
is the Legislature. It may consist of one body,
or of two bodies, or of three bodies. It makes
no difference how many , after they decide what
it is; that is a power which belongs to the State
itself. The definition is made in its constitution.
Each State decides for itself. The constitution
of Iowa has made its Legislature to consist of a
Senate and House of Representatives, to be called
" the General Assembly"—consisting of two
branches. That is the Legislature of Iowa.
Haying ascertained what the Legislature is,
(and it is precisely the law-making power pre-
scribed by the constitution of the State,) the next
question which arises is one that has also been
considered by the honorable Senator, and has
been once decided by this body—whence is the
power of the Legislature derived to elect a Sen-
ator? It is not derived from the State constitu-
tion which defines what the Legislature is, but
from the clauses of the Constitution of the United
States conferring it. In what capacity, then,
do the members of the Legislature or the body
stand? In the capacity of mere agents of tho
Constitution of the United States for the accom-
plishment of a parti«ular purpose. They derive
their authority from the Constitution of the
United States; they are responsible to it as far as
they are responsible at all. They are undi-r no
responsibility whatever to the constitution of the
State, or the government of the State. The State
has no power over the matter. It has completely
and entirely exhausted all the power it had when
itdefined what the Legislature should be. Having
fixed that, no power whatever remains in tho
State government, under the Constitution or
laws, to affect the question. Their power is
ended and gone. They have established a Legis-
lature, defined what it is, and then upon that
Legislature the Constitution of the United States
confers a certain power.
I go further, and say that it is not in the power
of a State, by its constitution or its laws, after
having fixed what the Legislature is, to impose
any restriction, any limitation of any kind or de-
scription, in relation to senatorial elections, upon
the Legislature which it has thus created. The
State constitution constitutes the agent, but after
it has once constituted and appointed that a?ent,
it can neither in any of its constitutional provis-
ions, nor by any provision of its law, impose any
limitation upon that agent, or affect his power in
any possible degree. The power, as I remarked
before, was exhausted when it decreed who or
what the agent should be, or in what form the
Legislature should be constituted.
Then, Mr. President,.another point arises,
which I wish to state to the Senate distinctly. It
is this: what particular " Legislature" is referred
to, when tho Constitution says that-this power
shall be exercised by the Legislature of ti.< State?
What Legislature does it mean ?TW Constitution
of the United States does not define. The language
is general. It is " the Legislature," The answer,
however, is obvious—it is the Legislature which is
to elect the Senator. What Legislature is that?
The Legislature that is in existence at the time tho
vacancy happens. No other Legislature has the
slightest power over it. I agree with the Senator
from Louisiana upon that subject. IVo previous
Legislature is the agent; no previous Legislature
can pass any law which can have binding effect
upon the Legislature which is the agent to make
the election. That power is conferred upon tho
specific Legislature which is in existence at tho
time the power is to be executed. Its members
sre the agents. They have the entire control of
it. They may exercise that power as they please,
withinconstitutionaHimits;because,heinga mere
matter of agency, the -Legislature of the State at
the time a vacancy occurs being- the sole agent
of the General Government to accomplish a par-
ticular purpose, the previous Legislature, not
being such agent, can exercise no control over it.
Nor has the constitution of the State any control
over it.
If these propositions are correct, then comes
