994
XIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
very point of objection, which is, that the consti-
tution .st' the State of Louisiana has undertaken
to do what it has no power to do; that is, to estab-
lish the mode and make it binding, in which the
Legislature shall act in the election of a Senator.
That is the result.
I have supposed that i^ch a law was passed by
Congress and agreed to by the Legislature of a
State. Then the inference is obvious enough
that, as Congress has passed no law on the sub-
ject, the whole {jower rests exclusively and en-
tirely in the Legislature of the State, and in the
Legislature which is to accomplish the purpose,
which is to clect the Senator. They are the per-
sons, they are the bodies, having exclusive power
over this matter. Then suppose they resolve in
any form, and by the action of all the branches
which by the constitution of Iowa constitutes the
Legislature of the State, that at a certain time and
in a certain place they will meet for the purpose
of electing a United States Senator; and at that
time, at that place, and in a certain prescribed
manner, they will proceed to the election; sup-
pose they say, that at that time, in that place,
and in a convention then to be formed, the two
bodies acting together shall be merged into one,
that a majority shall constitute a quorum, and
that whoever is elected by a majority of that
quorum shall be declared the United States Sen-
ator. Congress has not legislated. There is the
action of-the body; there is the act of the Legisla-
ture; there is the assent of the Legislature; there
is the decision of the very body which is appointed
to carry this power into effect; and their decision
being thus legally made, their power as a Legis-
lature having been exercised with all the forms
of law, both branches having agreed to it, what
is to prevent its being legal ? Does it cease to be
a Legislature because it has met in convention?
Is it not a Legislature when it is ill convention ?
Has it lost its character because it has gone into
convention, and both branches arc united in one ?
Let mo put a ease to illustratu this. Suppose,
for instance, the constitution of Iowa was silent
as to the manner in which laws should be enacted,
and had simply declared that the law-making
power, the Legislature of Iowa, should consist
of a Senate and House of Representatives, which
should have the power to pass laws in such man-
ner as they should choose to determine: then,
suppose these two branches should pass a law
that they would meet in convention, and in con-
vention proceed to legislate for the State, and
that in that convention a majority of the whole
number of both branches should constitute a
quorum: would not that be legal? Would they
thereby cease to be a Legislature ? Would they
not have the same power and the same right to
pass laws which they would have when acting
separately? If so, Congress may make the same
provision; that Legislature itself may make the
same provision, for the constitution of Iowa does
not apply; there is no power to prevent their
acting precisely in the manner they might act
with reference to State matters, if the constitution
of Iowa had been silent. This matter is outside
of that constitution entirely, and has nothing to
do with it.
I have spoken, following the line of argument
of the honorable Senator from Louisiana, of this
question, and I do not wish to say much more
upon it. Of what consequence would it be did
the constitution of Iowa propose and provide a
different mode from that adopted by the Legisla-
tuie? The Senator concedes with me that it
would have no sort of effect; that it could have
no binding force; that the constitution of Iowa
can make no provision which would control the
Legislature in the exercise of this power, much
less can any preceding Legislature pass any law
which would have any binding effect and validity,
because they can have no power on this point
other than that given by the Constitution of the
United States; and no such power is given except
to that body upon which the election devolves.
. Ifow, sir, what difference does it make—I put
the question to honorable Senators who argue
that there must be an assent of the two branches
—whether that assent is given before they meet
in convention, or after they meet in convention ?
It is only necessary that there should be kn assent
of the two branches; something to show, on the
r®c°rd if you please, that all the component parts
oi the Legislate have agreed to'do that thing
which they aJe bound to do, in a particular mode.
When that mode is to be pointed out, it is evi-
dently proper—of course a matter of necessity—
that it should be fixed beforehand. How was
this case in Iowa ? The two branches voted that,
on a certain day, and at a certain hour^they
would meet in convention for the specific purpose
of electing a Senator. Was not that their assent?
Was it not all that was necessary ? What power
can control it? They were to meet in convention;
they had the exclusive right to decide the ques-
tion. No power could overbear them in the
decision to which they had a right to come in
reference to that matter. They proceeded to meet
in convention, and they had certain action, and
the question arises whether that action was legal
or not, under the power vested in them.
I contend, Mr. President, thatwhen gentlemen
concede, as they do concede, that the power of
acting separately may be waived by the two
branches, they concede the whole case. If the
two branches of the Legislature have, under the
Constitution, the right to waive their power to
act separately, and to go into convention and act
jointly, as gentlemen concede, all the restfollows.
When they have waived it, and have made that
waiver in a distinct legal form, and subjected
themselves to the action of the convention thus
formed, they are necessarily obliged to be bound
by the consequences which may follow.
Then, sir, let us consider for a moment what
the convention was. Was it legally formed? It
is not denied that it was formed legally, because
it was formed by the assent of both branches of
the Legislature. It came together under their
action. No Senator here undertakes to say that
it was not formed in the mode prescribed by law
so as to make a legally constituted body. I am
perfectly indifferent whether they are considered
as acting under the law of the State of Iowa then
in existence, or as acting in contravention of that
law, because, as I before stated, the law had no
binding force on them. It may be said, and has
been suggested, that the law is binding until it is
repealed; that if they undertake to go into con-
vention while that law exists, they must be bound
by that law, and follow its provision. Not so.
A law passed by the Legislature of Iowa, or by
any other Legislature, while it exists, is binding
as far as State legislation is concerned, and
nothing can be done in opposition to it. A
Legislature succecdmg may repeal it, and may
then act; but in electing a Senator it is unneces-
sary to repeal the law. Any action of theirs
which shows their dissent from it is a sufficient
legal action, and the law of Iowa has no effect
whatever unless those who are acting at the time
m electing a Senator choose to adopt it. Why?
Because in passing that law, the body which
undertook to pass it legislatedujjonasubjectover
which they had no control. .It is competent for
the Legislature who are to elect a Senator to
adopt it or tiot, as they see lit. They may do it
by implication, or they may do it directly; but if
they choose to act in the face of it, unquestion-
ably their act, if in other respects conformable to
toe Constitution, is correct. Take for instance a
case. Suppose a law existed in my own State,
prescribing the time, place, and manner of elect-
ing Senators, and the Legislature, when it came
together, should simply pass a resolution in one
branch, send it to the other, and it be concurred
in by that branch, that on such a day and such
an hour they would proceed, either separately or
by joint convention, pointing out the mode to
elect the Senator, and that mode was entirely
different from the law in the statute-book, and
they should proceed, and a Senator should be
elected according to their provision by a majority
of each branch, or both branches: is there any
doubt that the election would be constitutional !
and legal, notwithstanding the existence of the '
law m the statute-book ? I hold that there can be !
none at all, for the simple reason which I have !
stated more than once, that the law can only have
effect according to its acceptance by the Legisla- I
ture which is to make the election. j
The convention being formed, (and you may <
suppose it formed under the act, or in contraven- i
tion of it,) it remains to inquire what were the :
incidents of the convention itself. A. convention '
has certain legal incidents. It has the power to
adjourn, if it is legally formed. 'It has the power
to decide what shall constitute a quorum, if there
is no overruling constitutional provision on that
point. It hap the power to organize. It has the
power to decide who shall preside over it. It has
a power of perpetuation, unless its existence is
terminate d.by a superior power at a certain time.
Then this convention being assembled, whether
under the statute or not, on coming together had
these incidents: the power of deciding how the
Senator should be elected; a power of deciding
what should constitute a quorum; the power of
deciding that it might adjourn from day to day, or
do anything else that it saw fittodo, and was not
prohibited from doing by any provision of the
Constitution of the United States—not of the
State, because the State power could not act upon
them at all, as is conceded by my honorable friend
from Louisiana, while they were thus in conven-
tion. Under these circumstances they met, and
they adjourned from day to day. They met legally.
The convention was constituted legally. They •
passed no resolution or act deciding what should
be a quorum. What is the parliamentary and com-
mon law ? That, unless otherwise fixed, a majority
constitutes a quorum. Invariably that is the case.
They-adjourned from day to day. Certain mem-
bers chose to be absent at a certain time, but still
there was a majority. Gentlemen have put the
question, " Suppose a majority of the Representa-
tives were absent, what then ? If such were the
case, and all the Senators were present, and the
whole made a majority of the whole number,which
was a quorum, 1 say they have the power to elect,
because, by their q^-n concession, by their own
admission, by their forms of proceedings adopted
by themselves at the time, each man voted as a
separate member of the convention, and it was
not a convention, in any shape or form, in which
they were to act as two distinct bodies. They
appointed the President of the Senate the Presi-
dent of the convention, and the Clerk of the
House clerk of the convention. Suppose thetn
not to be acting under the law, what is the result ?
It is, that here is a convention legally formed,
and at one period the President was absent.
Another President was appointed, apd they pro-
ceeded to vote, and the sitting member, Mr.
Harlan, obtained not only a majority of those
.present, but a majority of all the members who
constituted the convention. Can there bfe any
doubt under such circumstances that he is prop-
erly elected ? If you throw out of the question
tfte consideration which has been brought to bear
upon it by my honorable friend, that there was
not a quorum of each House, which was merely
a provision of the constitution of the State of
Iowa, the whole argument of the Senator from
Louisiana hinges on what he has interpolated
into that constitution; that is to say, that the
constitution of Iowa is to be understood as pro-
viding that the business of the Legislature should
be to pass laws and to elect United States Senators.
There is no such thing there; and if there had
been it would not affect the case, because it would
not have made the provision in reference to a
quorum applicable to it. If it had been inserted
there in so many words, the answer is, the con-
stitution of the State has no authority to estab-
lish that the business of the Legislature shall be
to elect a Senator. That is fixed by the pro-
vision of the Constitution of tlie United States,
in the first place; and if the State constitution has
no power to provide anything of that kind, their
provision in regard to what shall constitute a
quorum is equally inoperative, because it is a
matter not within their jurisdiction, in any shape
or form. Then coming together as aconvention,
under the vote of the two branches of the Legisla-
ture which voted to form a convention generally,
not under the law, for Senators will see it is a mere
general vote, it became subject, of course, to al!
the well known legal parliamentary incidents of
a convention. One is, that it is to be governed
by a majority unless it otherwise provides. It
could have been otherwise provided in such a
case, 1 suppose, by a vote of the two branches
separately. They camo together with that inci-
dent, as I remarked before, to be governed by a
majority, with power to adjourn, with power to
organize, with all those incidents which, by the
parliamentary and common law, belong, and must
necessarily belong, to a convention of ihat de-
scription. From that convention certain members
chose to be absent, not as members of the Senate,
or as members of the House, for they had ceased
