1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I desire
very briefly to present the views which I enter-
tain in regard to this matter, and I shall do so
rather in the wfry of propositions than by an
attempt at an argument at this stage of the dis-
cussion. The whole question, in my judgment,
turns upon what is the Legislature of a State in
the contemplation of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, authorizing the Legislatures of the
respective States to elect members of this body;
for I lay entirely out of view, and shall pay no
attention to, that argument which has sought to
show that the sitting member has not been elected
in accordance with the law of Iowa. All the
objections taken to the mode of election under
that I* ware purely technical. My answer to that
argument is in a word. If, on the first day, when
this joint convention assembled, under a resolu-
tion passed and concurred in by both branches,
though no teller had been present, though the
President of the convention had been absent, a
clear majority of the Senate and of the House of
Representatives had voted for the sitting member,
and that vote had been certified to us, and he
came here with the certificate of the Governor of
Iowa, is there a member of the body who would
think of sending him home because, forsooth, the
right man dtd not preside as President, or the
right tellers were not appointed ? I think not.
Then this case depends entirely upon what
constitutes a Legislature. The Senator from
t Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] has stated that ques-
* tion so clearly that very little can be said in addi-
tion to what he has said. I concur with him
entirely that the power to elect Senators is given
by that clause of the Constitution which says
that " the Senate of the United States shall be
composed of two Senators from each State, chosen
by the Legislature thereof;" and the only tiling
which the constitution of a State has to do with
the matter, is to declare what shall be its Legis-
lature. Every State has a right, in the conven-
tion which forms its constitution, to determine
what shall be its Legislature. That Legislature,
as has been well said, may be one body, or two
bodies, or three bodies.
They had a right to say here—I wish to make
use ot" the argument which the Senator from
Louisiana made so clear—that the Legislature
being one, or two, or three bodies, just as the
people of the State think proper in their consti-
tution to make it, the election is to take place by
that body. He informs us that the constitution
of a State may provide that for one purpose there
should be two branches, for another purpose there
should be three, and for another there should be
one. I agree with him. That is undoubtedly
so. I find in looking into several of the State
constitutions that they have so provided. It will
illustrate my view of this subject better than in
any other way, by referring to two or three of
them. The constitution of Virginia provides:
"• The Legislature shall be formed of two distinct
bnmelifi.-. which together shall be a complete Legisla-
tive, and shall be called the General Assembly of Vir-
ginia."
Now, what is that General Assembly to do ?
One of the provisions of the Constitution is, " the
judges of the supreme court of appeals and of
the superior courts shall be elected by the joint
vote of both Houses of the General Assembly."
For the purpose of electing judges, of what does
the Legislature, or rather the General Assembly,
of Virginia consist? It consists of one body,and
judges are to be elected by the joint vote of both
Houses. They are to vote together as one body.
It would not be a joint vote if they voted sepa-
rately and a majority of each House were required
to make a choice. Then, in the State of Virginia
we find tiiat tke Legislature, in the contemplation
of electing officers, is one body. The same is the ,
case in Georgia. The constitution of Georgia de-
clares that " the legislative power shall be vested
in two separate and distinct branches, to wit: a
Senate and House of Representatives, to be styled
the General Assembly."
What may this Legislature do ? " All elec-
tions by the General Assembly shall be by joint
ballot of both branches of the Legislature."
Then the Legislature or General Assembly of
Georgia is one body, and acts by joint vote in
electing officers; and it is expressly provided
that all legislative elections shall be held in that
way.
In the constitution of Kentucky it is provided
that—
" The legislative power of this Commonwealth shall be
ve.^ted in two distinct branches; the one to be styled the
House of Representatives, the other the Senate; and hoth
together the General Assembly of the Commonwealth of
KentucHP"
In providing for the election of officers, that
constitution declares:
"The State treasurer, and printer or printers for the
Commonwealth, shall be appointed annually by the joint
vote of both Houses of the General Assembly."
The same provision is to ke found in the con-
stitution of Tenn^see. I need not refer partic-
ularly to the clause of the constitution of that
State. In Louisiana we have a provision spe-
cially in regard to United States Senators; it is
this:
" In the year in which a regular election for a Senatoi of
the United States is to take placex the members of the
General Assembty shall meet in the hall of the House of
Representatives, on the Monday following the meeting of
the Legislature, and pioceed to the said election."
I understood the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Benjamin,] whose ear I should be glad to have
on the present occasion, to say, that under this
clause of the constitution of Louisiana, which
creates a Legislature for the purpose of electing
a Senator, it would be competent for a majority
of the members of the Legislature—although the
Legislature of that State consists of two distinct
and separate bodies—to meet together and elect
a Senator, and that election of Senator would be
valid, although a quorum of one body was not
present. Did I understand lnm rightly?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then, I suppose, if it
should turn out that there is precisely such a
provision in the constitution of Iowa, I shall
have the pleasure of having brought the Senator
from Louisiana to my way of thinking.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Undoubtedly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then 1 beg leave to refer
him to the constitution of Iowa. That consti-
tution provides:
" The legislative authority of tins State shall be vested
in a Senate and House of Representatives, which shall be
designated the General Assembly of the State of Iowa."
The same constitution declares:
" In all elections by the General Assembly the members
thereof shall vote viva voce, and the votes shall be entered
011 the Journal."
Another clause provides:
" The judges of the supreme court shall be elected by
joint vote of both branches of the General Assembly."
This provides for elections by the General
Assembly. The General Assembly consists of
two branches. The provision is that they are to
vote viva voce, and all the elections which they
make are to be by the General Assembly, made
up of the two Houses — the members, as the
Senate will observe.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will read me
any clause which says that all elections by the
Legislature of Iowa shall be" made by the two
bodies in a joint assembly or a joint convention,
1 will attach very great weight to the discovery.
I did not find it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The provision- is this:
the constitution of Iowa declares what shall con-
stitute the General Assembly, consisting of two
branches. It then provides for elections by the
General Assembly, not/ naming a United States
Senator, and declares that those elections shall be
by joint ballot.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let me hearthatprovision.
I did not hear it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is this:
" The judges of the supreme court shall be elected by
joint vote of both branches of the General Assembly."
The other section is:
" In all elections by the General Assembly, the members
thereof shall vote viva voce, and the votes shall be entered
on the Journal."
Taking these 4.wo clauses together, I under-
stand" in the General Assembly of the State of
Iowa the members are to vote by joint ballot.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I was very much sup-
prised at the Senator's statement of what he had
found in the constitution of Iowa, for I had read
it very carefully and had come to precisely the
opposite conclusion. I read that constitution
thus: it vests all legislative power in the two
bodies, and in the single case of the election of
judges of the Supreme Court directs them to
meet in joint vote; There is nd 'ottifer case, in ,
which it directs their meeting by joigt ;body. "•
The expression of that one case was to tiiy mina,
on a familiar rule of interpretation* the exclusion '
of all others. The declaration Chat when they
vote they shall vote uiv« voce has no reference at
all to their being connected together in one body,
or sitting in separate chambers. It provides that
when they elect they shall vote viva voce. They
can do this in separate chambers as well as in
one. As regards the election in one convention,
the constitution allows it but once, in the case
of elections for supreme judges; and therefore
excludes it, as far as that construction would go,
in the case of a senatorial election.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand the consti-
tution of Iowa very differently. I understood the
argument of the Senator from Louisiana to be^
that it was competent for the people of a State to
provide a Legislature of one, two, or three bodies
for any purpose—say of three bodies to make
laws, of two bodies for some other purpose, and
of one body for a different purpose. I read these
clauses to show that the constitution of Iowa has
created a General Assembly for the purpose of
electing officers, and the language is, " the mem-
bers of the General Assembly." Is there any
escape from the position that the members of the
General Assembly are as well the members of the
Senate as the menders of the House of Repre-
sentatives? It is not "members of the House
of Representatives and of the Senate,5' but" mem-
bers of the General Assembly" are to vote in a
particular way. This is not a legislative act, but
it is a personal act of the members m choosing a
man to an office. I show by the constitution of
Iowa, and by the constitutions of several other
States to which I have referred—and the same is
the case in Arkansas—that,although in all these
vStates there are two branches of the legislative
department, they are, for the purpose of electing
officers, merged into one. I show this in Iowa.
Having shown this in Iowa,how does it differ
from tlfe case in Louisiana? The constitution
of Iowa has said that for the purpose of electing
some officers—not a Senator, I admit, but for the
purpose of electing certain officers — the two
branches shall be merged into one, and they shall i
give a joint vote. Then in another place it pro-
vides that in all elections—and that refers to the
election of a Senator of the United States, as well
as to the election of a judge—the members of the
General Assembly,including both branches, shall
vote m a certain way. I think it is-apparent,
from these clauses, that the constitution of Iowa
has created a General Assembly, consisting of
both branches, to perform this particular service
of electing a man to office.
If that joint body is the Legislature, there is
an end of this case. There is but one other view
of it which I wish to present. It is conceded
on all sides that an election of a Senator by a
joint convention of both branches of the Legis-
lature of a State is valid. It is conceded that
that election is valid, although a majority of ono
branch may vote against the successful candi-
date. It seems to me that when these two con-
cessions are made, the whole case is g me. No
one has yet pointed out the difference—I shall be
very glad if any one will point it out. I wish
to know why it is that an election is valid when
made against a majority of one branch of the
Legislature, and an election is not valid if a ma-
jority of one branch of the Legislature is not
present. Take this case in Iowa. There are one
hundred members of the Iowa Legislature, Six-
ty-nine of these are Representatives, and thirty-
one Senators. Fifty-one is a majority of the
whole Legislature. It is admitted that if there
are thirty-five Representatives present, which is a
majority of the House of Representatives, and
sixteen Senators, which is a majority of the Sen-
ate, making fifty-one members in ail, tyventy-six
of that number,' being all Representatives, tnay
elect a Senator; because fifty-one is a quorum,
and twenty-six is a majority of fifty-one. ^ Every
one admits that there may be an election in that
case without the concurrence of the Senate at all,
and though every Senator has voted against the
successful candidate. Here is an answer to that
argument which ib pressed. Do you contend, it
is asked, that the House of Representatives can
elect a Senator without the concurrence of the
Senate? Certainly we do; and every one taking
