THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
an opposite view admits it; there is -no senator
on the floor who does not admit that, in the case
I have pat, twenty-six members of the House of
Representatives being a majority of the quorum
of the joint convention, could elect a Senator.
When this argument is pressed, what is the
only answer which ha^ been given? It is that
which the Senator from Delaware give's. He
says: " that is true;' it requires a quorum, how-
ever, of the Senate to be present." They tell us
if there are thirty-two Senators of the United
States present in this body, seventeen can pass a
bill; but the seventeen could not pass it if there
were thirty-one Senators present; and the fact
that you have the other Senator, though he votes
against the bill, makes up a quorum, and enables
the seventeen to pass the act. This is the argu-
ment, but it does not reach the case. Is there
any instance where a quorum is required to be
present, and yet less than a majority of that quo-
rum can do an act ? That is the case. When
your thirty-two Senators are present, we admit
that seventeen can pass a bill, but can sixteen do
it? Can fifteen do it? Can any number less than
a majority or a quorum do it? Surelynot. Then,
if a quorum of the Senate is required to be present
in the joint convention, can anything less than a
majority of that quorum give validity to any act?
It seems to me that there is the whole case. It is
npparent that you cannot require a greater num-
ber to be present than are requisite to act; or
rather, it is apparent that you cannot require a
greater number to be present than it requires a
majority of to act.
The answer which is sought to be given to this
position that Senators arc presumed to acquiesce,
and that a quorum being present, the majority of
that quorum can pass a bill in this body, is no
answer at all to the position we take, which is,
that less than a majority of the Senate can do no
act; and if less than a majority of the quorum
can do no act in the Senate, how can less than a
majority of a quorum give validity to an act of
the joint convention, if the quorum is required
to be there? When it is conceded that a joint
convention can elect a Senator, and that that
election may be made against the votes of a
majority of one branch, it seems to me that the
case is given up, and this election is admitted to
be valid.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President 
Mr. BUTLER. The hour is late, and if the
Senator will yield the floor, as I have no idea of
pressing this question precipitately, I will move
«n adjournment.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the Senator to allow me
to make an explanation. I wish to state to the
Senate that I am informed it is possible that the
Legislature of Iowa, which is now in session,
may not continue in session more than the present
week, and therefore, it is desirable that this ques-
tion should be decided to-day, in order that a
communication of the result may be made.
Mr. COLLAMER. Underthosecircumstances
I yield the floor altogether.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, it was my in-
tention, at one time, to make a reply in detail to
many of the arguments which have been offered;
but I shall detain the Senate for only ten minutes.
It is due to myself, and certainly it is due to the
committee, that I should discharge that duty. I
shall attempt to present the positions assumed on
the part of the minority of the committee, and
those who have sustained the positions of the
minority, in their naked precision, as far as I can
in language. The two members of the committee
who differ from the majority [Messrs. Pugh and
Toombs] have gone thus far—they cannot escape
from the consequences, and those who have con-
curred with them have, in some measure, indi-
cated the consequences of their position; they
have taken the broad ground that, although the
Legislature of Iowa derives its existence, and has
its organic power under the constitution of Iowa,
yet, independently of that constitution, there may
be such a conjunction of the two branches of the
Legislature created by the constitution, as to
make that conjunction a third estate so far as this:
that, for the time it is in being, and while it is in
process of adjournment from, day to day, that
convention, by its majority, without regard to the
original organization of the Senate and House of
Representatives, is paramount and capable of sus-
pending all legislative functions under the consti-
tution of Iowa. In other words, as I understand
the Senaterfrom Georgia to say, notwithstanding
the fact that the Legislature of Iowa is composed
of two branches, each being an unit, an integral
part, still, when they were fused, the fusion, if I
may so speak, was so far a unit, that i*wa8 a
power paramount to either, and superseded all
the directions and prescriptions of the ■constitu-
tion for the time it was in existence; or, in other
language, it suspended all legislative functions—
was paramount, exclusive  
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator is stating that as
the view of the minority of the committee, I wish
to make a suggestion, for I do*ot desire to be
represented as holding that view.
Mr. TOOMBS. Nor I.
Mr. PUGH. I say there is nothing in the
constitution of Iowa inconsistent with the action
of the joint convention. The constitution says
the legislative authority is vested in two Houses;
but the election of a United States Senator is not
a legislative act.
Mr. BUTLER. I shall put the proposition as
the Senator himself put it—in the concrete and not
in the abstract, and he cannot escape from it. He
maintains, as does the Senator from Georgia, that
when this body called a joint convention was
once in session, it was so far an organic body
that it had a right to summon the members of
the Senate wherever they could be found, and,
as I understood the Senator from Ohio, though
the Senate of Iowa might resume its sittings
under the constitution of Iowa, it would be com-
petent for the convention, if there were a few
Senators there, or if it was composed exclusively
of members of the House of Representatives, to
send in the Sergeant-at-Arms, take the Senate by
the collar, and bring its members into the con-
vention, and force them to vote. That is the
proposition. He cannot escape from it.
I dislike to differ from my friends from Ohio
and Georgia, and I must beg pardon now for
reading what I regard as the vital organic power
of existence of this Legislature. I intend to
read this for my friends' instruction. In my
opinion, there can be 110 Legislature of Iowa,
unless it is derived from the constitution of that
State. I hold that constitution in my hand. We
have no right to recognize any Legislature whose
constituency is not prescribed, and who have not
their powers from this charter. Now, what does
this charter say—this sacred instrument upon
which the Legislature depended for its existence?
" Each House shall sit upon its own adjourn-
ments."
The ground is taken, however, that when the
convention was formed, it was not only indis-
soluble except by the action of a majority of the
convention, but was perpetual, and had a right to
continue its sessions from day today; and that it
was not competent for the Senate, on any ground
whatever, to resume its sittings as a separate
body, for the purpose of doing business. The
Senate might reassemble in its own hall, and
whilst there the Governor might communicate to
them that an enemy was at the gates—that the
Indians were on their borders; but still, when the
summons came from the House of Representa-
tives to meet in joint convention, and the Senate
should reply that they were engaged in important
business, they could be told: Having in the con-
vention yesterday agreed to adjourn from day to
day, you have no right to resume your separate
sessions to do any business contemplated by the
constitution; you are estopped from it by the
very terms of your agreement to go into conven-
tion, and we will hold you to that agreement.
This is the position of my friend from Ohio. He
says that the House of Representatives have a
right to take by the collar the Senate deliberating
on the high concerns of the Republic, carry them
into the convention, and, as the Irishman said,
make them volunteers by compulsion. [Laugh-
ter.] Sir, I cannot understand thisidea of aLegis-
lature deriving its powers from a constitution
conferring legislative authority on two separate
Houses.
That my friends may understand me distinctly,
let roe state my position. I say that the con-
vention was for convenience; and all its powers,
so far as it had any, were derived from the Legis-
lature, and not from the people of Iowa who
made the State constitution. The constitution is
a power emanating from the people of Iowa. If
is a paramount power binding upon any Legisla-
ture which undertakes to make any rules or reg-
ulations to bring legislative functions into action
for any purpose. I cannot assent to the idea that
a Legislature consisting of two bodies can be the
Legislature when its members by their own
action form one body. Because the House of
Representatives has once procured the assent of
the Senate to meeting in convention, I cannot
agree that that House thereby becomes the con-
trolling body, and can in fact assume to be the
Legislature of Iowa, when I have before me in
the constitution of Iowa the palpable fact that
two bodies must concur to make the Legislature.
Let me state the position more nakedly. It is
said that when a convention has once been formed,
neither House can resume its separate sittings
under the clause of the constitution of Iowa
which I have read, and therefore a bare quorum
of the House of Representatives, with five Sena-
tors, might make an election. I understand the
Senator from Maine and others to say, that the
constitution of Iowa has nothing to do with this
matter; that it is for Congress to say whether
this act was the discharge of legislative functions.
Why, sir, thefeare no legislative functions; there
is no life, no power in this body called the Legis-
lature of Iowa, unless derived from the constitu-
tion of Iowa.
Mr. President, I do not intend to go into any
detailed remarks on this subject; but I must say,
that if the precedent should now be set which I
conceive will be established by the admission of
the gentleman from Iowa, I shall regard it aa
breaking down all the land-marks, all the barriers,
all the bulwarks, erected to protect the people
themselves, according to the terms of the power
which they have prescribed by their own con-
stitution for the Legislature. It has been beau-
tifully said by a law writer, and a very great
writer, that when constitutions lose the power
of resentment, they become places of refuge for
fraud and usurpation. Sir, if the constitution of
Iowa cannot protect itself against this tiers etat—
against this third estate, under circumstances of
this kind, it has lost the vitality of resentment.
What would be the state of things if that should
result? Did not the Legislature act on the as-
sumption, from the beginning, that the Senate
of Iowa was an integral part of this proceeding?
Did not the House of Representatives send a
committee to inform the Senate, not as so many
individuals elected to the Senate, but to inform the
Senate as a body, that the other House was ready
to meet them in joint convention ? Suppose they
could dispense with that summons after having
commenced it as some have contended: would
not dispensing with it have been a fraud ? Sup-
pose that on the morning of January 6, 1855,
instead of sending to the Senate chamber, as
the other House did, a message that they were
ready to go into convention, they had forborne
to do so, or had refused to send a message, and
had gone into an election by the vote of a mere
majority of the House of Representatives, with a
few Senators who might have been privy to the
proceedings: it would be held perfectly lawful,
according to the notions entertained by some
gentlemen; for they could invite the Senate one
day, and refuse to invite them the next. I in-
sisted,'when I spoke before, and I insist now,
that having commenced this process, tjiis mode
of proceeding, it was one which they were bound
to observe in good faith, but they did not.
When the committee approached the Senate
chamber on the day of the alleged election, there
was 110 Senate in session; the members were at
their hotels, or at different places in the commu-
nity. The Senate had solemnly declared, in its
own chamber, that it had adjourned under the
provision of the constitution of Iowa, which I
have read. If the other House could say to the
Senate, " You had no right to adjourn," itcould
say to the Senate, " You had no right to sit on
that day;" and according to the argument of the
honorable Senator from Ohio, the House of Repre-
sentatives could in this mode of proceeding have
acquired power to such an extent that it could
break up the session of the Senate when that
body was proceeding, under its independent au-
thority, to attend to other business.
I go further, and I intend to run the gentleman's
proposition to the most extravagant consequence?
attainable. Under tbe power assumed by this
