1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
mf
States on a question of constitutional law. That
is the whole of it. That is all I claim.
Mr. MILLSON. No, sir; the gentleman is not
exactly right. It was not that the court of appeals
in Virginia refused to recognize the authority of
the Supreme Court of the United States on a ques-
tion of constitutional law, but because the section
- of the act under which the Supreme Court of the
Uni ted States claimed jurisdiction was pronounced
by the court of appeals to be unconstitutional.
Mr. STANTON. Well, Mr. Speaker, so I
understand it. The Supreme Court of the United
States decided that that twenty-fifth section of the
judiciary act w&s a constitutional actof Congress;
and on that issue was taken, and the court of ap-
pealsof Virginia refused to recognize the validity
and binding force of the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States.
Mr. Speaker, I do not believe the magnitude of
this question is fully appreciated. Gentlemen
may rest assured tfrat every attempt to " crush
out" the honest convictions of the people, or to
"subdue" them by any partial machinery, will
ultimately fail. This organization, like the rotten-
borougli'representation in England, which it so
strongly resembles, will one day work its own
cure.
I submit to gentlemen whether it would not be
wiser, moie patriotic and statesmanlike, to meet
the question at once, do justly voluntarily, and
with a good grace, and not postpone it until you
have no longer the power of resistance.
Mr. Speaker, I demand the previous question
on the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and being put,
the resolution was adopted.
EFFICIENCY OF THE NAVY.
Mr. BENSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to^feport back from the Committee
on Naval Affairs Senate bill (No. 113) to amend
an act entitled " An act to promote the efficiency
of the Navy."
Mr. MILLSON. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Maine whether it is his purpose to
ask the consideration of the bill at this time, and
to call the previous question?
Mr. BENSON. I will state, in reply to the
gentleman from Virginia, that it is my purpose
to ask for the consideration of the bill now; and
after giving my colleague on the committee from
Virginia [Mr. Rocock] an opportunity to submit
a substitute for the bill, to move the previous
question.
Mr. MILLSON. I will say to the gentleman
from Maine, that I have no objection at all that
this bill shall come before the House for consid-
eration and discussion; but it will be recollected
that tins question provoked months of debate in
the Senate, and it demands a great deal of dis-
cussion here. If the gentleman intends to call the
previous question, I shall object.
Mr. BENSON. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. HOUSTON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. *
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 should like the privilege of
asking the Chair a question, in order that the
House may understand what will be the effect
of a suspension of the ruV's. If the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs permits my sub-
stitute to be offered, and then caJls the previous
question, will not the House be brought first to
a vote upon my amendment; and if that is voted
down, must they not adofft or reject the Senate
bill, without the possibility of amendment?
Mr. BENSON. I will reply to my colleague
on the committee, with the permission of the
House, that this is a bill which is well under-
stood—which has been debated both before the
Senate and before the country for more than a
year, and every man must have made up his
mind in reference to it. My purpose is simply
to insure action on the bill.
Mr. STEPHENS. 1 wish to make an inquiry
of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order unless
the gentleman rises to a question of order.
Mr.-STEPHENS. I rise to a question of
order. I wish to inquire of the Chair whether,
if the rules be suspended, and the bill comes be-
fore the House, a majority cannot put it in just !
such a shape as they wish ?
Several Members. ' Of course.
The question was taken on Mr. Benson's mo-
tion; and there were—yeas 154, nays 47; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Akers, Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Barclay, Henry Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst. Bradshaw,
Brenton, Broom, Buffinton, Burhngame, Cadwalader,
James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra
Clark, Clingman, Howell Cobb, Colfax, Comins, Covode,
Cox, Cragm, Cullen. Cumback, Damrell, Timothy Davis,
Day, Dean, Denver, De Witt, Dirk, Dickson, Dodd, Duifee,
Edie, Edwards, En^l^li, Etheridge, Evans, Flagler, Flor-
ence, Henry AT. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Granger,
Grow, Robett B. Hall, Harlan,Morrison Hams, Thomas
L. Harris, Ilairidon, Haven, Herbert, Hodges, Hoffman,
Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Hoiton. How-
ard, Hughston, Kent, Kelly, Kolsey, Kemiett, King, Knapp,
Know Hon, Knox, Kunkel, Lake, Lenin, Letcher. Lmdley,
Lumpkin, Mace, Alexander K Marshall, llumphiey Mar-
shal), Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, MeCartv, McQueen,
Killian Miller, Millward, Moore, Morgan. Morrill, Morrison,
Murray, Nichold, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Paine. Par-
ker, Pearee, Peck, Peltun, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike,
Poiter, Pi ingle, Purviance, Pmvear, Quitman, Ready,
Itic.iud, Ritchie, Bobbins, Roberts,Rust, Sabm, Sage, Sapp,
Scott, Sheiman, Shoner, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stephen*, Stewait,
Stranahan, Swope, Tappan, Thonngton, Thurston, Todd,
Trafton, Tnppe, Underwood, Vail, Valk, Wdlbtidge,
Walker, Cariwaladei C. Washbinne. Elhhn B. Wa«hlmrne.
' Israel Washburn, Watson, Wheeler, Whitney, William^
I Wood, Woodiuff, Woodworth, Daniel B. Wright, John V.
\ Wright, and Zollieoffer—154.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Baiksdale, Bell, Hendlev
S. Bennett. Bh^s, Bocoek, Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Buuiett,
John P. Campbell, C«u*kie, Williamson R W. Cobb, Cr<uge,
Davidson, Jacob C. Davi^, Dowdell, Elliott, Faulkner, (Jid-
dings, Goode, Greenwood. Augustus Hall. Sampson W.
Harris, Houston, Jevvett,GeoigeW. Jones, Kid well, Knight,
McMulhn. Smith Miller, Million, Molt, Motdeoai Ohvei,
Phelps, Rivers, Ruflin, Sandidge, Savage, Sneed, Talbott,
Taylor, Wade, Watkius, WelK, and Winflow—47.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof;) and the bill was brought before
the House on its third reading.
Mr. BENSON moved the previous question.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask the gentleman from
Maine to withdraw his demand for a moment, to
permit me to make an inquiry.
Mr. BENSON. I believe it is the general wish
of the House that the demand for the previous
question shall be insisted on. The gentleman
can ask his question by unanimous consent.
Mr. LETCHER. I merely desired to make
an inquiry for my own satisfaction. I see it is
provided by the third section of this bill that all
those officers who have been dropped from the
Navy are to receive a year's pay. Now, I desire
to know from the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, under what authority it is that
those who constitute no part of the naval officers
of the country are to be entitled to draw upon
the Treasury pay for services they have not
rendered ?
Mr. BENSON. I do not wish to prolong this
debate, and I shall therefore give a very categori-
cal answer to the gentleman's question. There
are many in the Senate, in this House, and all
over the country, who think that it isLhut right i
that these officers who have been Hffnmanly j
dropped from the Navy without having made pro- f
vision for themselves and their families, should |
receive this small pittance from the Government. |
Mr. MILLSON. I understood the gentleman
from Maine to say that he would not object to |
amendments being offered. I will ask him, there-
fore, to withdraw the demand for the previous
question, to enable me to submit a motion to
strike out that provision of the bill which pro-
vides for the creation of the grade or title of
admiral in the Navy.
Mr. BENSON. My statement was that I
would give my colleague on the committee [Mr.
Bocock] an opportunity of submitting a substi-
tute for the bill; but as he declines to submit that
amendment at this time,.I think it better to insist
on the demand for the previous question. j
Mr. STEPHENS. I would inquire of the !
gentleman from Maine if his colleague on* the
committee declines to offer his substitute?
Mr. BENSON. I so understand.
Mr. BOCOCK. I ask the consent of the House
to explain briefly the position which I occupy in
reference to this matter- When this Senate hill
was acted on in committee, five members voted
in its favor, and four in favor of a substitute
which 1 submitted. It was understood in com-
mittee that the chairman should report the Senate
bill, and that I should have an opportunity of
offering my substitute; that it should be printed, \
and the subject postponed to a day when it could j
come up for discussion. When, therefore, I heard j
this morning that the chairman of the committee
proposed to report the bill, and put it on its pas-"
sage without discussion, I was surprised^ and
seeing that if I*?)ffer my substitute, which has not
been printed, and has not gone into the posses-
sion of the members of the House, I shall have
no opportunity of explaining it, I decline to sub-
ject myself to the mortification of submitting a
' proposition which would not be understood, and
i which would of course be voted down.
| Mr. BENSON. I will say a single word in
; reply to the gentleman from Virginia, that there
' may be no misunderstanding in this matter.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. BENSON. I withdraw the call for jhe
previous question for that purpose. The arrange-
ment referred to by the gentloraan.from Virginia
had reference to the proceedings of the committee
at the last session—not at this. My colleagues in
the Committee on Naval Affairs will hear im* out
in this statement. When the bill was agreed to
be reported at this session, the gentleman will,
I think, admit there was no such understanding
as that to which he refers. The arrangement
spoken of had reference to the last session, when
it was supposed that there would be some time
for debate an this question. But it is now per-
fectly apparent that, unless we act on this ques-
tion at this time, if will not be acted on at this
Congress at all. I was willing that the gentleman
should offer his substitute, and have it read in the
hearing of members, as the bill has been; but he
pursues his own course. Gentlemen who have
listened to or read the debates on this bill in the
other branch of Congress, at the last session, o?
who have read the discussions in the newspapers
of the country, must have their minds made up
and I therefore call for the previous question.
Mr. STEPHENS. If opportunity had no*
been offered to the gentleman from "Virginia tc
submit his substitute, I should have voted against
the previous question; but inasmuch as he de-
clines to submit it,and I believe the Senate bill
is the best we can get at this session, I shall vote
to sustain the call for the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
move that the rules be suspended,and the tipuse
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. The House is now acting
under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there not a
rule that the motion I have indicated may ba
i made at any time ?
The SPEAKER. But that rule is suspended
until this matter is disposed of.
Mr. MILLSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Millson
and Woodworth were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes one hundred and twelve, noes not
counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. MILLSON called for the yeas and nays
on ordering the main question to be put.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WINSLOW" moved that the bill be laid
upon the table; but subsequently withdrew tho
motion.
The question was taken on ordering the main
question to be put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 154, nays 56; as follows:
YEAS—Mes stts. Akers, Albright, Aili-oti, Ball. Barbour,
Barclay, Belt, Henry Bennett. Benson, Btmrham, Bowie,
Bradshaw, Brenton, Bioom, CuilV.iton, Burhugume, Cad-
waiadei, Jame* 11. Campbell, Lewi.- 1). Campbell. Cauilc,
Carutheiv, Chaffee, B.uard Claske, Ezra Olatk, (Jluw.-ori,
Chngtnan. Howell Cobb. Coir'ax. Conim*. Covode, Cox,
Cragm. Cullen, Cumback, Damrell, Jacob C. Davi-, Tim-
othy Davis, Dean, Denver. De Wilt, Dick, Dickson,
Dodd, Durlee, Edie, Edwaids, Enme, En«h&h, Ethindge,
Eustis, Evans, Flagler, Florence, Henry M. Fullei, Gilbeit,
Gtangei, Robert B. Hall, Haiian, J. Mom^on Harm,
Thomas L Harris, Hairison, Haven, Herbert, Hodsru-3,
Hoffman, Holloway. Thomas R. Hoi ton, Valentine B. Hor-
ton, Howard, Hughston, Jevvett. Keitt, Kelly, Kelsey,
Kennett, King, Knapp, Knowkon, Knox, Kunkel, Lalcc,
Leitei, Lumpkm. Mace, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey
Marshall, Matteson, Killian Miller, Millward, Moore, Mor
gan, Morrill, Momson, Murray. Nichols, Nouon, Andrew
Oliver, MordecaiOliver, Parker. Peek, Pelron, Pennington,
l'erry, Pettit, Pike, Poiter, jVmgle, Purviance, Putye'ir,
Quitman, Ready, Ricaud, Ritchie, Rivers,Robbing, Roberts,
Rust, Sabm, Sage, Sandidge, Sapp, Scott, Simmon-, Wil-
liam Smith, Wiilmm 11. Smith, «need, Spinner, Stanton,
Stephens, Stewart, Suanahan. aSwopc, Tappan, TUm-ton,
Todd, Trafton, Tnppe, Underwood, Vail, Valk, Wakernau,
Walbridge, Walker, Cadwalader C. Washburne, ElUhu B.
