THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Wheeler, Whit-
ney, Williams, Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth, and Zolli-
C°NAVS — Messrs. Aiken", Allen, Barksdale, Hendley S.
Bennett, Blites, Bocock, Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Burnett,
John P. Campbell, Caskie, Williamson R.W. Oobb, Craige,
Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Day, Dowdell, Faulkner,
" Thomas J. i). Fuller, Garnett, Gidamgs, Goode, Greenwood,
"Grow, Sampson W. Harris, Houston, George W. Jones,
Kid well, Knight, Letcher, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell,
McMuIlm, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mott, Orr,
Paine, Phelps, Powell, Ruffin, Savage, Sherman, Shorter,
Samuel A. Smith, Talbott, Wade, Waldron, Warner, Wat-
kins, Wells, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright, and John V.
Wright—56.
-So the main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BENSON demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. BOYCE demanded the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 159, nays 50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Akers, Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Barclay, Bell, Henry Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bowie,
Bradshaw, Brenton, Brooxri, Buffintoii, Builingame, Cad-
waladei, James II Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, CarJile,
Chaflee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Chngman,
Howell Cobb, Colfax, Comms,Co^>de, Cox, Cragin, Cullen,
Cumbaek, Damrell, Jacob C. Davis, Timothy Davis, Dean,
Denver, Do Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edie,
Edwards, Eraue, Etheridge, Eustis, Evans, Flagler, Flor-
ence, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gilbert,
Granger, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris,
Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Haven, Herbert, HoJges,
Hoffman, Holioway,Thomas It. Horton, Valentine B. Hor-
ton, Howaid, Hugh&ton, Jewetl, Keitt, Kelly, Kelsey, Ken-
nett, Kmg, Knapp, Knowlton, Knox,Kunkel, LakCjLoitPr,
Lumpkin, Mace, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, Maxwell, McCarty,
McQueen, Kilhari Miller, Millward, Moore, Morgan, Mor-
rill, Morrison, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Paine, Parker, Peck, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike,
Porter, Pnrigle, Purviance, Puryear, Quitman, Ready,
Ricpud, Ritchie, Rivers, Robbing, Robert*, Rust, Sabm,
Sage, Sandidge, Sapp, Savage, Scott, Shorter, Simmons,
Wilham Smith, William K. Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stanton,
Stephens, Stewart, Stranahan, Swope, Tappan, Thoung-
ton, Thurston, Todd, Traiton, Trippe, Underwood, Vaii,
Valk, Wakcman, Waibridge, Walker, Warner, Cadvval-
adei C. Washburne, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn Watpon, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Wood,
Woodruff, and Woodworth—159.
NAYS— Messrs. Aiken, Alien, Barksdale, Hendley S.
Bennett, BIN?., Bucock, Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Buinett,
John P. Campbell, Caiuthers, Caskfe, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Craige, Davidson, Day, Dowdell, English, Faulkner,
Garnett, Giddnigs, Goode, Greenwood, Grow, Augustus
Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Houston, George W. Jones,
Kidweif, Knight, Letcher, McMullin, Smith 'Miller, Mill-
son, Mott, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Phelps, Powell, ltuffin,
Samuel A. Smith, Talhott. Wade, Waldron, Watkms,
Wells, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wiight—
50.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the above call,
Mr. GOODE said: Mr. Speaker, X desire to
vote to give these officers a public trial; but in-
asmuch as that provision is accompanied with
others to which I entirely object, I vote in the
negative.
Mr. DOWDELL stated that he was forced to
vote in the negative for a like reason to that
stated by the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. BENSON" moved to rcconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills and a reso-
lution of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 220) for the relief of Hannah
F. Niles;
An act (S. No. 260) for the relief of J, Randolph
Clay; and
A resolution (S. No. 40) accepting the portrait
of John Hampden, presented to Congress by
John McGregor. !
SOLDIERS OF THE WAR OF 1812.
Mr. SAVAGE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved. That Hou«?p bil^Nn. 539, entitled a bill to pen-
sion the soldiers of the war of 1812, be made a spccial order
for the first Tuesday in February next, and from day to day
until disposed of.
MrtJHHELPS. I object.
Mr: SAVAGE. To secure the introduction
of the resolution, then, I move that the rules be
suspended for that purpose.
At the request of Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, the
bill was read. It provides for granting pensions
to all officers and soldiers of the war with Great
Britain of 1812, and those engaged in Indian wars
during that period.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Tennessee. Has he caused
an estimate to be made of the annual expense
under this bill if it should be passed ?
Mr. SAVAGE. I have endeavored to do so,
but I could not get from the Pension Office a
definite answer as to the amount.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the
report of the committee accompanying the bill be
read.
The SPEAKER. It can only be read by unan-
imous consent.
^ Mr. NICHOLS. I object.
The question being upon the motion to suspend
the rules,
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, demanded the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
103, nays 85; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Akers, Allison, Ball,Bowie,Bradshaw,
Brenton, Bioom, Buffinton, Builingame, Burnett, James
H. Campbell, John P. Campbell, Carlile, Chaffee, Ezra
Clark, dawson, Chngman, Colfax, Comins, Covode,
Cullen, Cumback, Damieli, Jacob C. Davis, Timothy Davis,
Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Durfee, Edie, Edwards,
Elliott, English, Etheridge, Florence, Homy M. Fuller,
Greenwood, Robert B. Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Harrison,
Herbert, Hoffman, Holioway, Thomas R. Horton, Hughs-
ton, Jfewett. Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell, King, Knapp,
Knowlton, Kunkel, Letter, Lindley, Lumpkin, Humphrey
Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, Kilhan Miller,
Mill ward, Moore, Norton, Andiew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver,
Paine, Parker, Pearce, Pelton, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Powell,
Puryear, Ready, Rieaud, Rivers, Robbins, Ruflin, Sapp,
Savage, Scott, Samuel A. Smith, William It. Smith, Sneed,
Stanton, Stewart, Stranahan, Talbott, Tappan. Thorington,
Trafton, Undei wood, Vail, Valk, Wakeman, Walker, Wat-
kms, Watson, Wood, Woodruff, John V. Wnght, and'Zolli-
coffer—103.
NAYS — Messrs. Albright, Allen, Barbour, Barclay.
Barksdale, Bell, Ileniy Bennett, Hendley S. Bennett.
Blibs, Bocock, Boyce, Branch, Biooks, Cadwaladei, Lewis
D. Campbell, Carather*, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Craige, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Day, Dodd;
Dowdell, Edmundson, Emrie, Flagler, Thomas J. D. Fuller!
Giddings, Goode, Granger, Grow, Harlan, Sampson W.
Harris, Thomas L. Han is, Haven, Hodges, Valentine B.
Horton, Houston, Howard, Geoige W. Jones, Knox,
Letcher, Mace, Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Smith
Miller, Millson, Morgan, Morrill, Monjson, Mott, Murray.
Nicholls, Orr, Peck, Pennington, Phelps, Prmgle, Quitman.
Ritchie, Rust, Sabm,'Sandidge, Simmons, William Smilfy
Spinner, Stephens, Taylor, Thurston, Trippe, Wade, Wai-
bridge, Waldron, Warner, Cadwalader C. Washburne,
Elhhu B. Washburne, Wells, Wheeler, Whitney, Wilhamsj
Winslow, Woodworth, and Daniel B. Wright—85.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.)
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the Un®a States, by Sidney Webster, his Pri-
vate Secretary, announcing that the President had
approved and signed a bill increasing the pension
of George W. Torrence.
REPORT FROM SPECIAL COMMITTEE.
Mr. ORR. I rise to a question of privilege. I
desire to submit a report from the select com-
mittee appointed on Saturday las-t. The com-
mittee recommend the adoption of the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the preamble to the resolution adopted
on the 9th instant, authorizing the appointment of a select
committee of five to investigate certain charges ofcoirupt
combinations to pass bills through this House, he amended
by striking out the words "'now pending before," and in
serting the words " duung the present;'3 so that the pre-
amble to the said resolution shall be as follows :
Wnercas, certain statements have been made, charging
that membcts of this House have entered into corrupt com-
binations foi the puipo^e of passing and preventing the
passage of certain nieasines during the present Congress :
Anal whereas, a member of this House has stated that the
article referred to 4k is not wanting in truth," " therefore,"
&c.
The committee also rccommend the adoption
of the following resolution:
Resolved, That said committee be authorized to employ
a clerk.
Mr. STEPHENS. I would suggest that the
gentleman had better amend the last resolution so
as to authorize the committee to employ stenog-
raphers.
Mr. PHELPS. The resolution is sufficient
for that. They will do it, of course. '
The resolutions were adopted. " .*•
Mr. ORR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolutions were adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC LANDS TO MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. BARKSDALE asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce, merely for the
purpose of reference, a bill granting lands to
the State of Mississippi to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from Louisville to Macon, in
said State.
. Mr. KUNKEL objected.
'.Mr. BARKSDALE moved a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for t]>e yeas
and nays.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I only wish to have the
bill referred.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes; but it is one
of these land bills.
Mr. KUNKEL called for tellers upon the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
Sapp were appointed. . •
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 29, noes 93.
So the yeas and nays were ordered, (one fifth
voting in favor thereof.)
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
95, nays 76; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Albright, Allen, Barclay, Barksdale,
Hendley S. Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghuist, Bowie, Brenton,
Brooks, Broom, Buffinton, Burhngame, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Clmginan, William-
son R. VV. Cobb, Comins, Cullen, Damrell, Davidson,
Henry Winter Davis, Jacob C. Davis, De Witt, Dick,
Dickson, Dowdell, Edwards, Elliott, Eustis, Gilbert, Gran-
ger, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Har-
rison, Haven, Herbert,Thomas R. IIoi ton, Houston, Hughs-
ton, Jewett, Kelly, Kennett, Knapp, Knowlton, Lake,
Leiter, Lindley, Mace, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S.
Marshall, Matteson, Maxwell, Smith Miller, Andrew Oli-
ver, Mordecai Oliver, Paine, Paiker,Peck, Pelton, Penning-
ton, Phelps, Porter, Pnngle, Quitman, Ricaud, Rivers,
Rust, Sabin, Sandidge, Sapp, Shorter, Simmons, William
R. Smith, Sneed, Swope, Taylor, Thorington, Trafton,
Underwood, Valk, Wakeman, Waldron, Walker, Warner,
Ellihu B. Washburne, Watkms, Wells, Whitney, Wil-
liams, Woodworth, and Daniel B. Wright—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Bingham, Bliss, Bocock,
Boyce, Bradshaw, Branch, Burnett, Cadwalader, Jameg
H. Campbell, Caskie, Colfax, Covode, Cox, Craige, Cum-
back, Day, Dean, Edmundson, Emrie, English, Etheridge,
Faulkner, Flagler, Florence, Garnett, Goode, Grow, Har-
lan, Hoffman, Holioway, Valentine B. Horton, George W.
Jones, Knight, Knox, Kunkel, Letcher, Lumpkin, Mc-
Mullin, McQueen, Killian Miller, Millson, Morgan, Mor-
rill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Perry, Powell, Pur-
year, Ready, Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Ruffin, Scott,
Sherman, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan,
Talbott, Tappan, Todd, Trippe, Wade, Cadwalader C.
Washburne, Watson, Wheeler, Winslow, Wood, Wood-
ruff, John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—76.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.)
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. WOODWORTH. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a bill to pro-
vide for the establishment of a railroad and tele-
graph communication between the Atlantic States
and the Pacific Ocean.
Several Members" objected,
Mr. WOODWORTH. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of introducing it.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I desire to introduce, for
the purpose of reference, a bill making appropri-
ations for public buildings in the Territory of
Kansas.
Mr. THORINGTON. I object.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of introducing it.
The question was taken by division; and there
were—ayes 84, noes 59.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. THORINGTON. I ask leave to intro-
duce, for reference only, a bill creating Daven-
port and Lyons, in Iowa, ports of delivery.
Several Members objected,
Mr. THORINGTON moved a suspension of
the rules.
And then, on motion of Mr. COBB, of Geor-
gia, the House (at a quarter to three o'clock)
p. m.) adjourned until to-morrrow,
