THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13.
to the Court of Claims for the purpose of having j
the testimony taken and reported to Congress. I
That explanatory f^gft of the motion the Senator
from Michigan has moved to strike out.
Mr. STUART. I will state in a word the
ground taken by me. I am sorry that this ques-
tion has been postponed from day; to day, so that
its. essential elements are sometimes forgotten.
My position is, that the law organizing the Court
of Claims authorized either House of Congress
to refer a case to that court, but not to refer it
for any specific purpose. When wo do refer one
over which the court can take jurisdiction at all,
they have a right to go on, and pass their judg-
ment upon it, and send that judgment here in
the form of a bill as provided by law if it is in
favor of the claimant, or adversely if it is against
him. This resolution proposes to refer this
claim to the court for the purpose of taking tes-
timony, which we have no sort of authority under
the law organizing the court to do. I deem the
question important; and that is the reason why
1 have called the attention of the Senate to it.
Mr. TOUCEY. If I understand the operation
. of the law under which jurisdiction is given to
the Court of Claims, the reference by either
House of any case gives them complete jurisdic-
tion. That is the effect of the law, if I apprehend
it rightly. Now, the question is, whether either
branch of Congress, by restricting a reference of
this kind, can withhold from the court any part
of the jurisdiction which the law confers upon
it? It strikes me that we have not the power of
withholding any part of the jurisdiction winch
pertains to the Court of Claims under the opera-
tion of the law, if we refer a case to them under
the law. For that reason, I shall vote to strike
out that portion of the motion which purports
to confine the court to the simple act of taking
the testimony for the use of Congress. I think,
under a restricted reference of that kind, the
court would not do anything; but if you confer
on them any jurisdiction at all, it is the entire
jurisdiction under the act in pursuance of which
the reference is made.
Mr. BIGGS. I renew the motion to lay the
resolution on the table, because, if the amend-
ment prevails, the reference is all that is left of
the resolution, and the petition has already been
referred to the Court of Claims. It seems to me,
that the best test question will be on a motion to
lay on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish simply to repeat
what I stated the other day, when I presented
this petition m this form at the request of another
gentleman, who until that time was unknown to
me, that I do not fee 1 the slightest interest m the
matter. I confess that 1 had a doubt in the begin-
ning whether the motion which I made, if
adopted, would carry with it any power which
the court does not now possess; but I could see
no difficulty to result from it. As the court were
ready to take cognizance of it to that extent, if
the Senate chose to refer it, I could see no diffi-
culty in referring it. 1 do not see that by this
course we shall involve ourselves in any diffi-
culty; but we may accomplish much good. I
called for the yeas and nays simply for the reason
that the Senate might at once settle the question
one way or the other. To me it is a matter of
indifference how it is settled.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
to lay the motion of the Senator from Maine on
the table.
The motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask leave now to with-
draw the petition, as there is one of a similar
description before the Court of Claims.
Leave was granted.
CHILDREN OF SARAH CRANDALL.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 284) for the relief of the lSeirs-at-law of
Sarah Crandall, which was returned by the House
of Representatives with an amendment to strike
out the words " heirs-at-law" in the fourth and
fifth lines, and insert "surviving children;" and
also an amendment to the title, by striking out
the words •'heirs-at-law," and inserting "sur-
viving children."
The amendments were concurred in.
.'j, MARY REESIDE.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I  there not a special
order" for half past twelve o'clock—the bill for the
relief of Mary Reeside ? I desire that it may be
taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That bill was
made the special order for Tuesday, the 6th in-
stant, at half past twelve o 'clock, and was passed
by.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The question was con-
sidered at that time, and it was conceded that it
would remain the special order at that hour of
each succeeding day until disposed of. There
was a question of privilege as to the Iowa elec-
tion, which took precedence of it; but this bill
still remains the special order at half past twelve
o'clock after that question is disposed of. The
point was discussed at that time, and thatseemed
to be the opinion of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will so consider it; but the impression of the
Chair was, that it was superseded by the ques-
tion of privilege.
'Mr. FESSENDEN. The Chair will recollect,
I think, that a discussion arose on the subject in
the Senate between the Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Stgart,] and the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Foot,] who read the rule; and it was gen-
erally conceded that that rule fixed it as the special
order, until disposed of, for each day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be so
treated by the Chair.
Mr. ADAMS. That is in conformity with the
recently-amended rule.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. C.
C. No. 13) for the relief of Mary Reeside.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, this is a case
in which the Court of Claims, if I understand
it, have decided, without considering the merits
of the claim itself, that the United States were
bound by a verdict rendered in a suit brought by
the United States against Reeside, in the circuit
court in Pennsylvania, in which the jury under-
took to determine, not only upon a plea of set-
off, that nothing was due to the United States,
but that the United States were indebted to the
defendant in the sum of §187,000. The Court
of Claims have decided that this verdict of the
jury has established record evidence of debt on
tha part of the United States. It lias been urged
here, that we ought either to abolish the Court
of Claims, or to take its opinion in such a case
as this. I have as much respectfor the'authority
of that court as any gentleman present. There is
no one who desires to maintain it upon all proper
occasions, more than I do. I am willing to re-
ceive its opinions a being prima facie correct. I
am willing, if I have doubts upon a ease on which
it has expressed an opinion, to give the court the
benefit of those doubts. But I am not willing,
when it lias decided a case upon principles which
arc erroneous m my view, to sanction that decis-
ion, if flfc to have the effect of introducing an
lmprop^^rinciple in the regulation of the affairs
of the Treasury.
I think, sir, that in all cases' in which, either
from the amount involved or from the nature of
the principle on which they have been decided,
great mischief would result if they should be in
error, their opinions ought to be examined here.
It was for that purpose that the act establishing
the court required that all their decisions should
be sent here to undergo the review of Congress.
Incasesof small importance,andof smallamount,
unless a large principle were involved, I should
scarcely take the trouble of examining; I should
act on the opinion which, in most instances, I
believe would be well sustained, that the court
was probably correct; and, at any rate, that it
was a better tribunal for the decision of such a
claim than this could be.
But in the present case, sir, the court has abdi-
caftd its authority; it has refused to look into the
merits of the claim, and has simply decided on
the principle that this verdict of the jury estab-
lished a debt against the United States. That
is in opposition to the decision of the Supreme
Courtas to this very case—in Reeside vs. Walker,
the Secretary of the Treasury — in which the
Supreme Court decided that the only effect of the
verdict of the jury in Pennsylvania was, that the
defendant should'go withoutday; that is to say,
that there was a good defense against the demand
of the United States, but that it could not estab-
lish a separate and independent demand on the
; part of the defendant. The dissenting judge of
| the Court of Claims, Judge Blackford,"in an opm-
i ion'which, 1 think, is very conclusive and aide,
I has shown that not only is such the law of the
| United States, but such has been the decision of
the Pennsylvania tribunals themselves m regard
j to their own Commonwealth. He presents a
j decision in a suit instituted by the Commonwealth
| against some of its citizens, where an attempt
i was made to institute, in fact, a suit against the
I Commonwealth in the nature of a plea of set-off
under this act.
Now, sir, it is shown that not only do the Su-
preme Court of the United States refuse to give
this act of Pennsylvania the force and validity
which the Court of Claims have undertaken to
give it, but the State courts of Pennsylvania in
relation to that Commonwealth do the same.
Under such circumstances, I am not willing to
sanction an opinion of the Court of Claims winch
goes the length of establishing, that indirectly
the United States may be sued by a plea in the
nature of a set-off, upon which an independent
demand is to be established against them. I am
not willing to sanction it, because it would be
very dangerous to do so; and we all know how
little chance the United States stand before a
jury of the vicinage in any question between a
claimant and the United States. I have been in-
formed, since this case was taken up for the con-
sideration of the Senate, by a NewYork lawyer
of large practice, that he himself had in several
instances, at least in more than one instance, ob-
! tained a verdict of a jury on a set-off for larger
1 sums than those claimed by the United States;
and if this decision should be recognized, here-
after they will form the foundation of the same
sort of claim against us.
But it is not only objectionable per se—it is not
only objectionable because it will subject the
United States to demands of this sort—and we
know how juries have found, when officers of the
United States were involved, and the United
States were liable to foot the bill of costs—it not
only establishes an improper precedent in that
regard, but violates the express intention of Con-
gress in relation to the Court of Claims. What
is the history of the institution of that body?
The first bill ever introduced in regard to it was
a bill introduced by Colonel Taylor, of Caroline,
who was at that time, in 1854, a Senator tVnm
Virginia. He proposed that the United States
should be sued—as you well know the Common-
wealth of Virginia is liable to be sued—in her
own courts, and that judgment should be ren-
dered against her in those courts. After a long
debate in the Senate, the bill was rejected upon
grounds urged by Mr! Van Buren and others,
that to do so would be to subject the United
States, probably, to a large amount of claims
which would be unjust; that it would be unsafe
to trust the cause of the United States to a jury
of the vicinage, when all the better feelings of
their nature, probably, would appeal in favor of
the private claimant. In comparison with the
United States, he was weak, and they strong: he
poor, and they rich. They said, and said truly,
that there could be no safety to the United States
if they were allowed to be sued, and tried by
courts and juries of the vicinage. Mr. Van
Buren, in the remarks which he made m that
very case, said he should have no objection to a
tribunal here, in the District of Columbia, where
the matter in dispute could be tried by courts not
under such influences, but he was unwilling to
send it .into the States to be tried by the courts
j there.
! The next attempt to establish a court for the
j investigation of claims was made by myself,
l when I was a member of the House of Repre-
I sentatives in the year 1838. In consultation with
, Mr. John Sergeant, of Philadelphia, he told me
! that the main reason of the failure of Colonel
j Taylor's bill was, that it was not confined to a
; court within this district; that Congress were
i afraid, and in his opinion properly afraid, of send-
! ing the case to be tried by juries and courts of the
States; and upon his suggestion and advice, the
bill which I then offered proposed to confine the
consideration of claims to a court within this
ji District.
j ' The next attempt to establish such a court
1 was also by myself in this body — I am not.
li speaking now of boards of commission, but oi a
