THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
Same intimation was made the other day by my
friend from South Carolina [Mr. E\ ass] in regard
to a bill appropriating millions, that if we amended
it wi' should "lose it, because it would involve a
reexamination m the other House. This body
ought certainly to do its own duty, and put its
legislation in nroper shape, irrespective of what
may be done in the other branch. It is not even
parliamentary to allude to what that House may
do
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, when 1 came
into tf>" Senate this morning, 1 came here, accord-
ing to ray views of the law, with the presumption
that 1 should vote in favor of this bill, which I
understood had been reported by the Court of
.Claims. I will state the view which Hiave taken
for myself of my duty as a Senator in reference
to the decisions of that court. We have estab-
lished that court as a tribunal for the purpose of
investigating the facts in regard to claims against
the Government, with better fapilities for arriving
at the truth than we can have. We have consti-
tuted it of able lawyers, with a view to arrive at
a proper application of the law to the facts when
found; and though we have not made the juris-
diction final, so that money can-be paid out of the
Treasury upon obtaining the judgment of the
court, we have, according to my view in creating
tli > court, given it power to give judgment. I
will defer to its judgments to such an extent that
if, on the face of tlfe opinion of the court which
we have required, f am not satisfied that there is
grave error of law in the opinion, I shall hold
myself bound to vote in accordance with its judg-
ment, be it for or against a claim which has been
presented to the court.
This is my rule of action. Having no knowl-
edge of the particular questions involved in this
case, I had supposed that I should vote for this
bill on that principle. Since I have heard the
argument, however, I learn that in a suit brought
by the United States in the circuit court, in the
State of Pennsylvania, under the provisions of
the State law, the circuit court suffered a certifi-
cate to be given-by the jury that the United
States were indebted to the defendant. I find on
record no evidence whatever of how the judgment
of the court was entered upon that certificate—
whether there was a judgment entered in favor
of the defendant, or whether the certificate was
simply left to stand as a certificate, which I pre-
sume was the fact. I conceive that the principle
announced in the opinion of the Court of Claims,
that the United States, by suing in the State of
Pennsylvania, place themselves in a position in
which a verdict can be rendered against them,
and judgment entered on the verdict, so that the
record would become conclusive, is a grave error
of law, directly in the face of the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States in the case
which has been cited by the honorable Senator
from Virginia, if I understand the reasoning of
that decision, and the principles enunciated in it.
I cannot vote for a bill in regard to which the
Court of Claims have committed so grave an
erroroflaw. Instead ofdoingwhatweauthorized
them to do by the law, (which is, where they con-
sider that the party presents a case on which he
is entitled to relief, they are to have the facts
proven before them by competent testimony,)
they have admitted as conclusive testimony
against the United States what, if the judgment
of the Supreme Court be worth anything, is no
testimony at all. On that alone, without any
further investigation, they have rendered a verdict
against the United States for a very large sum of
money; but the sum does not vary the matter
"with me. If it were §1,000 instead of $188,000,
it would not alter my opinion. I oppose the bill
because I think there is an error of law in the
decision on which it rests. I believe that decision
is contrary to what was our intention when we
organized the Court of Claims. It is well known
that there are members of the Senate—I have
heard them in private conversation say so—who
think it would have been a better system to
authorize the United States to be sued as indi-
viduals in any court of the country. I never
entertained that idea. I think the Government
would break down under it.
We chose to organize a court in which the
United States might be sued: but we did not pro-
vide for a jury trial, and did not intend to submit
the finding of facts to the verdict of a jury, in
which case, of course, the evidence cannot appear
to us. We intended to have the judgment of a
court on the facts, making it in the nature of an
equity or admiralty proceeding in that respect.
Here, however, this court abandons the very
principle on which we organized it, of having its
judgment on the facts. It substitutes, under an
idea that that was a debt of record binding on the
United States, a verdict of a jury in lieu of its
own judgment on the truth of the case. I cannot
sanction that. I think it strikes at the very foun-
dation on which the court was organized. I cannot
vote for the bill, however just the claim may be.
I have a strong impression on my mind—I cannot
say that it is from investigation, but from various
sources—that this is a just claim, to some extent,
against the United States, and that there is a case
of hardship in regard to Mr. Reeside. I am will-
ing to do him justice on the investigation of a
committee. If the Court of Claims had examined
and taken proof in the case, and given a judgment
on that proof in favor of the petitioner for a much
larger sum of money, I should not hesitate for a
moment, upon their finding of the facts arising
from the proofs, to vote in favor of an appropri-
ation to pay the amount of the judgment; but I
cannot sanction a principle of this kind. It is an
abandonment of the principle on which the court
was founded, because'Congress as a body de-
cided, when they granted this jurisdiction, that
they would not let the United States be sued, and
have a verdict rendered against them byajury, but
that they would confide the power of determining
the facts, and investigating into facts, to the judg-
ment of the tribunal which was constituted for
that purpose. The decision of the court, if I
understand it rightly, waives investigation alto-
gether, and assumes as conclusive the verdict of
a jury, which Congress did not see fit to make
the tribunal for the purpose of controlling their
judgment without investigation. *
It is on this ground that I cannot vote for this
bill as it stands. Connected with it is another
question. The court allow interest in this case
from 1841, and they give it on the ground that
the interest is incident to the judgment. I admit
that principle. I admit that m most of the States
of the Union, when a judgment is entered, it car-
ries interest per se, as it is called; but I have yet to
learn that in any case a mere verdict, where no
judgment is rendered, carries interest perse. This
verdict is a nullity against the United States, if
the Supreme Court have decided rightly. The
amount may have been due; a greater amount
may have been due the party at the time; but
there is no case presented that, under my views
of the principle on which interest is to be allowed
against the United States, justifies the allowance
of interest here. The court treat it as a judgment
against the United States, and in its character of
a judgment as per se carrying interest. I say
there could be no judgment against the United
States, because the United States cannot be sued
under their own laws; nor (as a corollary to that
proposition) can they, under the name of a set-
off in a suit brought by them, have a judgment
rendered in a suit against them. I submit, there-
fore, that there is no fact shown in the case, and
no agreement, which would require the United
States to pay interest. There are no facts which
show that there is any equity in the case requir-
ing the allowance of interest. There is nothing
but the naked legal principle, that upon the judg-
ment of a court of record interest runs per se. I
say there is no judgment here against the United
States; and there being'no judgment, of course
interest does not run per se, and therefore the bill
is erroneous, and in that respect a grave error of
law.
Under these circumstances I shall vote against
the bill, though I do so with great regret; Prom
what I have heard of the character of this claim,
I think there is a just demand to some extent in
behalf of the claimant. It may be so or not. I
do not know the testimony. It appears the com-
mittees have not examined into it. I should be
sorry to do injustice to the party; but it is far less
important that a single individual should suffer
in his personal interests, than that an erroneous
principle should be established which is to govern
future legislation, and which, I believe, will pro-
duce impracticable and dangerous results in the
future.
Mr. SEWARD. I am satisfied, upon.reflec-
tion, that I was right in the first instance, and I
acknowledge very cheerfully that the remarks
made by the honorable Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Toombs] have had the effect to bring me
back to that conclusion. I therefore offer this
amendment in the hope that it will induce the
Senate to consent to the passage of this bill:
Provided, That this act shall not be taken or held to
sanction the said verdict or judgment, or the judgment of
the Court of Claims, as having any valid foree or effect
against the United States.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, the matters
brought up by this bill and by the amendment
are not new to me. When I first became a mem-
ber of the Judiciary Committee, all claims of this
kind were referred to that committee. Jud°-e
Berrien was then the prominent member of it; and
I recollect very distinctly, that in one case he
stated the set-off would have amounted to more
money than had originally gone into the hands of
the officer who was called to account before the
courts. I do not know any more dangerous tribu-
nal than a jury to take cognizance of mere money
matters between an individual in their neigh-
borhood and the United States. I have scarcely
known a single instance where the popularity of
the individual or the interests of other parties,
perhaps his creditors, would not induce the jury—
it may be under a delusion, it may be from other
influences—to give a verdict which would not be
given if there were an adversary party to contest
it. The case of General Ripley was referred to
the committee, after having been three or four
times before a jury. None of the juries ever re-
turned a verdict for the same amount. That is a
matter coram non judice; so far as regards set-offs,
juries have no enforcible jurisdiction over them.
They may, as a matter of opinion, make a state-
ment somewhat as a judicial auditor, recognizable
by the court, and perhaps addressing itself to the
discretion- of the Government. Whenever the
Government shall fall into the idea that a jury,
by its mere opinion, can pronounce such a judg-
ment as is binding on the United States, I tell
them they trust all these accounts to a tribunal
irresponsible to this body.
If I understood any one thing when I voted
for establishing the Court of Claims, it was that
it was to be a judicial auditor to examine these
accounts, and not to adopt the arbitrary decision
of a jury. It was their duty, like that of a master
in chancery, to examine the accounts and give
their conclusions—not to adopt the convenient
opinion of a jury. Such cases have been before
the committee of which I am a member, repeat-
edly, but we have never adopted such a doctrine
as that a jury could be anything more than a
suggestive tribunal to say what is right and what
is wrong. We have gone behind the verdict of
a jury, and uniformly examined the accounts.
The Court of Claims ought to have done so in
this instance. If they undertake now to dispense
with the trouble' of going behind the verdict of a
jury on a set-off, they d j not perform the func-
tion devolved on them by the Legislature. I do
not know what the jury's decision may have
been. The court could have ascertained the facts
as well as the jury; and it is on their decision,
not on the discretion of a jury, that I am to pass
my judgment. I can never agree to it as a prin-
ciple, particularly as I have seen the danger of it
in cases brought before my mind. In New Or-
leans, in the case of General Ripley, where there
was a good deal of sympathy for him, they would
have found ten times more than the amount of
money that ever went into his hands, or at least
they would have found more than we could sanc-
tion. We examined the accounts, and at last
had to compromise.
I cannot vote for the amendment of the Senator
from New York, because it is merely declara-
tory. I do not know that this decision of the
jury is right. I want to know whether it is
right. I hold the Court of Claims to be com-
posed of judicial auditors, and the facts found
by them are to be respected. Accordingly, when
they adopt this mode of obtaining the facts, I
can never agree to it as correct.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, when I rose
to speak on this subject the other day, I supposed
that the merits of the case had been examined by
the committee. Before I concluded I was cor-
rected ill that impression. My own opinion then
was, that the decision of the Court of Claims on
