S10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
"the money be paid; but you are not going to pay-
it; not because you are prepared to say that the
money is not due, but because the investigations
have not been rightly had !
If the honorable Senator from Connecticut will
five me his ear for one moment I think he will
nd that the reason why more regard has not
been paid to these verdicts of juries and findings
of courts by the officers at the other end of the
avenue, does not arise from any peculiar construc-
tion of the judiciary act, but arises from a more
insuperable objection, and that is, the provision
of the Constitution of the United States that" no
money shall be drawn from the Treasury but in
consequence of appropriations made by law."
No matter what the courts do—no matter in what
form they f>ut their judgments, or what is the
finding of a jury, there can be no execution issued
and no money drawn out of the Treasury until
the parties come here to Congress and get an ap-
propriation made by law. 1 apprehend that it is
this provision of the Constitution which has given
this character to judgments or quasi judgments
obtained where the Government is suitor.
But, sir, I put it—I was going to say to every
Senator who has a heart, and that will include
the whole—I put it to every man, if it is not time
that something should be done for this creditor,
and that we should not fold our arms in indiffer-
ence, and say we will not pay this money because
the Court of Claims have exceeded their authority
—I do not doubt that—or because the proceedings
of the circuit court were not right? Take the
report of this committee, and you can find in that
—you can find in the facts which I have read,
enough, it seems to me, to satisfy any man's con-
science that this money is honestly and equitably
due. ® It does not become the Government, after
twenty years have elapsed, to withhold the pay-
ment any longer upon the suggestions which
have been made hero. I will vote for the bill, and
vote for it cheerfully, with as entire indifference
to what the Court of Claims think, as any man
possibly can have.
I am exceedingly sorry that the honorable
Senator from New York has offered his amend-
ment. I must vote against it. I am not entirely
certain that I shall not be compelled to vote
against the bill if that amendment be adopted;
and I will tell you why. Adopt that amendment
declaring that this act shall not be construed as
giving validity or effect to the findings of the
Court of Claims, and it seems, to my mind, to
carry an implication that without such an exclu-
sion there would be a conclusion in favor of it.
I do not hold any such thing. It seems to be
admitted by the amendment of the honorable
Senator from New York, that without such a
provision, the passing of this bill would by im-
plication be an affirmation of the jurisdiction of
the Court of Claims, and that their judgment was
binding upon us. Not at all. I am not willing
to go that length, nor am I willing to admit that
by voting for a claim coming from them, I am
bound to admit their jurisdiction and the binding
nature of their judgments, and so clearly bound
that I must exclude that conclusion by such a
proviso, any more than when I vote for a bill re-
forted by the Committee on Claims of this House
am bound absolutely by the reasons of the
report. The report of the Committee on Claims
is evidence to my judgment. The report of the
Court of Claims is the same. I am exceedingly
sorry that any gentleman here who feels favor-
ably disposed to this claim, is so fastidious and
tender-footed that he is afraid to do justice lest an
implication may be raised that he is bound, and
pledges himself to follow this court hereafter. I
hope the amendment will not be adopted. Much
and favorably as I think of this claim—strong as
is its appeal to our justice and magnanimity, it
would be with very great reluctance that I should
vote for the bill, if the amendment were adopted.
1 probably shall do so, because I think it is so
~ust;but it would be a very bitter pill that I should
lave to take to vote for this bill with that amend-
ment upon it.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, it is not often
that I differ with myfriend from Virginia, or my
friend from Georgia, in regard to a private claim,
and when I do so it is usually with diffidence in
my own judgment. But the morel have reflected
upon ana investigated this claim, the better I am
satisfied that the bill before the Senate ought to
hi
be passed. I do not take the decision of the Court
of Claims as conclusive. I only take their decis-
ion as prima facie evidence until the contrary ap-
pears in some shape or form.
I will not detain the Senate by discussing the
amount of credence which, under the existing
law, ought, in my judgment, to be given to the
decisions of that court. I beg leave, however, to
call the attention of the Senate to the principles
upon which we are in the habit of acting in the
passage of claims. We act upon evidence, not
legal evidence as a court, hut any character or
description of evidence that satisfies our mind of
the justice or injustice of a claim which is pre-
sented. We are at sea; we obtain our opinions
in any way we may think proper, or which can
be brought to bear on our minds. Now, I ask
Senators to reflect upon the appropriations which
have been made here for A, B, and C, since they
have been members, and then compare the testi-
mony upon which they have voted in ninety-nine
cases out of every hundred, and I think I can
show, disregarding the decision of the Court of
Claims as well as the circuit court in Pennsyl-
vania, that we have yet more conclusive and sat-
isfactory evidence of the justice of this claim than
we have in ninety-nine out of every hundred for
which we vote.
W>at is the course pursued here in regard to
claims? They are referred to committees. The
committees investigate and report; and ■some-
times we ask for the reading of the report. The
committee refers the claim to a single individual
member; he reports to the committee, and they
take his statement for truth, and upon that we
vote money. That is the usual character of testi-
mony upon which we vote away thousands and
millions.
Permit me to say here that the amount in con-
troversy has nothing to do with my judgment.
The precedent has nothing to do with my judg-
ment. The only question I have ever asked or
ever intend to ask while I have the honor to be a
member here is, is the claim right in itself, and
ought it to be paid ? If so, I have nothing to do'
with the amount. The Government is able to
pay all its just debts. I am glad of that, and I
care not whether the amount be one dollar or a
million.
Then, sir, upon what evidence are we called
upon to act, leaving out the decision of the Court
of Claims altogether? The Government thought
proper to elect its forum. It had a claim against
Mr. Reeside. It brought its suit in the State of
Pennsylvania, where by the statutes of that State
the defendant had a right to file his set-off, and it
became the province of the jury, as in the case of
a cross-action, to investigate the extent of the
liability of the plaintiff to the dpfendant, as well
as of the defendant to the plaintiff. Twelve men
upon their oatlis—and we are to suppose that
they were honest men, for there has not been an
intimation from any quarter that they were not—
upon fair and full investigation determined that
the United States were indebted to the defendant
to the amount named in this bill. If we had no
other evidence than the oath of those twelve men,
it would be enough. Take the position assumed
by my friend from Connecticut, that they had no
right to find a verdict—I admit it was not a ver-
dict strictly and technically speaking; it was a
mere certificate of theirs upon oath—and give it
the weight to which it is entitled, and I ask you
■ to point mo to a single claim for which any man
in this body has voted, where you have had as
conclusive evidence of its correctness as that of
itself furnishes.
But that is not all the evidence. It has been
intimated by my friend from Virginia that the
poor United States Government has not a fair
and honest chance with a citizen of a State. Sup-
pose the Government is imbecile, and has not a
fair chance before the juries of the country: yet
here were two judges presiding, the district and
circuit judges of the United States, who were
officers of the Federal Government, who cannot
be supposed to be prejudiced against the Federal
Government, as everybody here knows they are
not; they are impartial; and they, after hearing
the testimony in the cause, after an argument
upon the question pro and con, when a motion for
a new trial was made, on the ground that they
believed the judgment to be correct, overruled that
motion. They indorsed, on their oaths, the just-
ness and correctness of this verdict. Is there- a
single Senator here who has not as much confi-
dence in that indorsement aa in the report of any
committee of this body?
It is said we ought to have further evidence,
and there ought to be further investigation. Sup-
pose every word of that mass of testimony had
come before this body, and had been printed and
placed on the desk of every Senator here: how
many would have read it?
Mr. BUTLER. The Court of Claims ought
to have read it.
Mr. ADAMS. But we are now acting on the
testimony before us. The Court of Claims has
given ajudgment that the Government of the
United States is not entitled, in this respect, to
any greater rights or privileges than citizens of
this country. I have been, and expect to be, in
the habit of treating the Government and its cit-
izens precisely alike. I would give no man, who
has made a contract with the Government, an
advantage over the Government; and yet I hold
that the Government is bound by the same rules
as citizens of the United States. Nobody will
deny that it was a law of Pennsylvania, where
this verdict was Hindered, that it should become
a debt of record as between private parties; and
although it is said the Federal Government has
not authorized any one to sue it, I have never yet
been able to comprehend and understand the jus-
tice of the maxim that " might makes right. It
is the pirate's law. Justice gives right as be-
tween man and man; and I believe this Govern-
ment should bo governed by the same rule. I
wbuld give no individual any advantage over the
Government on account of the wenlth or means
of the Government; and I would give the Gov-
ernment no advantage. Because we have simply
the power to refuse to pay, when such evidence
as I have briefly alluded to is brought to the
mind of the Senate, how any one can refuse to
vote for it I cannot see. I do not know what
further testimony is wanted. Suppose you ask
for further testimony, and you have an investi-
gation by a committee: it is obvious it will
take a great deal of time; and is there a Senator
here who would have more confidence in the
investigation of a committee of this body, with
the means they would have—for they could not
have all the witnesses standing face to face—than
he has now in the verdict of this jury of twelve
men on their oaths, and the indorsement by the
disinterested judges of the correctness of the
verdict ?
I call your attention again to the fact that we
are governed by no particular rules in ascertain-
ing whether the claim is right or not. If Senators
believe it is right, regardless of precedent, or
whatever effect it may have, I trust they will vote
for the payment of this debt. It is at least prima
facie a debt; and if it is not correct, is it not time
that some human being on the part of the Gov-
ernment should have discovered that there was
something wrong in it? Here is a prima facie
case raised. Take the instance of a jury trial.
You introduce testimony which is not conclusive,
but is sufficient to raise a prima facie case; and the
presumption is that it is right unless some testi-
mony bo offered to the contrary. No one has
pretended that the verdict in this case was wrong
upon the testimony; or that the jury were wrong,
or misled, or deceived, or biased by partiality. It
is nothing but a repudiation—plain, palpable re-
pudiation, to refuse to pay it, unless there can
be something more than a vague, imaginary idea
that we might have more conclusive evidence, or
that there might be some rebutting testimony.
The Government has had time enough to find i'
out, if it exists. The more I think about the
case, the better I am convinced in my own judg-
ment that this bill ought to be passed; and there-
fore I shall vote for it.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, this is a bill for
a very large amount, and It has elicited a good
deal of debate; a great many principles have been
advocated and resisted in this discussion, and I
confess that it is a question not without difficulties
with me. I have at some time or other inves-
tigated this case, or a class of cases involving the
same principle, but my recollection of that in-
vestigation is too vague to enable me to make
any statement % reference to the merits of this
claim. It seems that one similarly situated was
referred to one of the accounting officers of the
