1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
Treasury, and. a large amount was allowed and
paid to the parties. I refer to the case of Stock-
ton and Stokes.
In this case, a suit was brought against Reeside
in the circuit court of Pennsylvania, under a spe-
cial act of Congress, or rather under a special
section in a general law, authorizing the adjust-
ment of these claims, for there was a large num-
ber of them, by a suit at law. The object of
that suit, was to ascertain whether a balance
claimed by the Post Office Department against
Reeside, for $47,000, was correct or not. The
case was tried before Judge Baldwin, and the
general results of the trial have been stated in
the verdict, and stated also by the Court of
Claims, and by the report of the Committee on
Claims.
Now, sir, the question for me to determine here
is, not the extent and validity of the judgment of
the court in Pennsylvania; not the forcc and effect
which I will give to the judgment of the Court of
Claims, because I regard that as open. I may
vote in favor of tbeir judgment in this case, and
may well see reason to-morrow to vote against
another decision which they may make; but the
question wluch conies before me on this bill is,
is there a claim to the amount which is proposed
to be appropriated in the bill ? I confess that the
testimony is voluminous, and I have not exam-
ined u to a very great extent. I am calied upon
to do one of two things: I must vote for or against
tins claim, and hence I must do so upon the best
lights that are before me. If 1 vote against the
claim, and it is a just one, I am doing an injury
to the party who sets it up.
Mr. PRATT. I ask, has the claimant fur-
nished the pi oofs here?
Mr. RUSK. They are scattered throughout
the various decisions. The proofs taken before
the circuit court, on the trial of the case, are here
among the memoianda, with the arguments of
counsel, and all the opinions of the judges. Tln-y
are all here. I have not, I confess, fully exam-
ined them; but as has been stated, the case was
tried with a great deal of deliberation before .1 udge
Baldwin. After a charge to the juiy, which is
here in my hand, and after the finding of that
jury, a motion was made for a new trial, and a
long opinion was delivered by Judge Baldwin,
(in which Judge Hopkinson concurred,) over-
ruling that motion. I will read the conclusion of
that opinion, which is, I confess, the mam point
that has determined my vote on this subject:
''There is no subject on which there is a broader field
for the exeicise of a &ound judicial discretion than in grant-
ing or rctusing new trials; on the one hand the lights of
juiu'h must l)e respected, by giving propel weight to their
veidict on controvcned fact*, and especially m doubuul
ca-^os on questions more appiopriate to their powers* and
duut'b ilmn tho-sc of the court; on the other hand, their
proceedings mu<? be kept under the supervision of the
jud?e>, as to the law and the evidence to which it is appli-
cable. In this ease T have come to the conclusion that the
verdict rondeiod i? one which, under all the circumstances
of the ea^e. ought not to be disturbed, without being satis-
fied affirmatively that full justice has not been done be-
tween the parties, or negatively, that injustice has been
done, lam neveitheless satisfied that the ie«ult appiox-
i mates as near to a correct balance of accounts as could
reasonably be expected on another tnal. Both parties
appealed to have produced all the testimony winch was
accessible to them. There is no assurance that any new
hsht can be thrown on the transactions in which the con-
troversy began ; it ha& been long, expensive, and harassing;
there is no reasonable ground for believing that its contin-
uance here would lead to a result satisfactory to either
party, or terminate in a manner more eonduciveto the ends
of justice than the presenthas done. J t cannot be expected
that a better or more impartial jury could be selected; there
ceitamly cannot be one more patient or attentive than they
weio. A case of groat difficulty and complexity was before
tlunn ; they examined it deliberately, and agreed on a result
which cannot be attributed to passion, piejudice, or any
improper bias. Before betting it aside there should be a
clear and full conviction that some substantial reason for a
new trial has been made apparent, the burden of which is
on ihe party objecting to it. and in my opinion lias not been
made out. l^veiy piesumption should be m favor of a v*r-
di'-t in a doubtful ease, moie particuhulv wh<3n the subject
of controversy is of such a natuie as this, and so entangled
b> unusual circumstances of embarrassment, m adjusting
accounts of long standing, complicated transactions, of
which one party kept no correct books of entiy, ant! the
other kept none.
" Assuming tnal the estimate referred to, of the result of
the verdict according to the opinion expiessed bv the uidges
to the jury, to be truly made, there were other items which
were loft* to them, either specifically or generally, which
they might allow to the defendant, to an amount sufficient,
with the addition of interest, to make up the balance found,
and have found a larger sum without transcending the
limits presenbed by our charge, the rule? of law, or deciding
on any item without such evidence as would have supported
it on a demurrer. These views of the case would alone
suffice to induce me not to grant a new trial; j el there are
others which have not been overlooked. All transactions
between the parties have ceased foi more than six years.
I am fully satisfied that a large balance is justly due to the
defendant. Any judgment on the verdict is subject to a
writ of error on the exceptions taken at the trial, winch
will cause some, perhaps much, delay. Should it be re-
veised by the Supreme Court, there mu^t be a new,trial of
the whole ca&e; if affirmed, it will only be operative' in law
as a judgment for the defendant, to preclude the United
States from afterwards claiming a balance; but the court
can lake no further steps to enforce the payment of the
balance found due by them, as they could do in a similar
case between individuals. The defendant must appeal to
another tribunal for ultimate redress, where the whole
merits of his claim may be reexamined. Whether it will or
ought to be done docs not comport with my duty to say;
but, inasmuch as Congress may act on thfc subject accord-
ing to their own discretion, it is evident that the time may
be very distant when the controversy may be terminated,
whatever may be the ultimate decision of future juries of
this or the Supreme Court. On the whole, my opinion is,
that the motion for a new tnal be overruled, and judgment
rendered on the verdict."
That is the opinion of a man certainly disinter-
ested; one who had spent five weeks in the exam-
ination of all the testimony applicable to the con-
! troversy between the United States and Mr.
I Reeside. The claim has come before Congress,
i and it has been argued against, and the debate
| shows that there are prejudices against a claim
j which comes here as the judgment of a court. I
I shah vote for this claim. X shall vote for it not
] as enforcing tjic judgment of the court in Penn-
| sylvama, and not as indorsing particularly the
i judgment of the Court of Claims, but because,
, nom the best lights before me, I am of opinion
: that this amount was due to the defendant al tiie
; tinv; and the statement of Judge Baldwin, who
i must be regarded us disinterested on this subject,
; is very strong on my mind. It is undisputed by
i any other testimony whatever, and therefore I
[ should thmk I was doing injustice to a creditor
. of the United States, who has been long delayed,
! by voting against the admission of this claim. I
I shall not, by voting for this bill, consider myself
I bound to enforce claims depending on a judgment
j against the United States, nor to enforce any
t other decision of the Court of Claims, unless I
shall believe it to be just and proper.
Mr. STUART. I am aware, sir, that this case
has occupied a great deal of time, and perhaps it
may be true also that I can throw no new light
on it; but inasmuch as I desire to explain the
grounds on which I shall vote, I ask the attention
of the Senate while I give a few of the facts which
I have been able to glean from the papers in this
case.
This verdict was rendered in 1841. The his-
tory of the trial and all the concurrent circum-
stances has been so frequently detailed m the
Senate, that I shall not allude to them again. It
seems to be conceded in argument, and certainly
1 think it is true in law, that the verdict was a
nullity beyond its effect to defeat the claim of the
United States in that action. In other words,
j any balance certified by that jury was an entire
nullity. Leaving the legal question, therefore,
! as it stands, let me consider for a moment the
; equities that attach to this claim.
! It will be found by an examination of the
j papers that, in 1844, Mr. lleeside presented this
I verdict to the Congress of the United States. In
| the House of Representatives it was referred to a
committee, of which Mr.Wilkins was chairman.
I That committee made a full and lengthy report,
j in which they stated the effect of "tins ve-'dict
\ as I have stated it, and as I think the law hold*
1 it, to be a nullity, and the committee was there-
] fore discharged from the consideration ofttlie
| subject. Thus, m 1844, Mr. Reeside was in-
' formed, by the notion of one branch of Congress,
i that that verdict constituted no claim against the
i United States. How, then, can it be said that
injustice was done — thaC the Government has
; been the cause of delaying the claimant from ume
1 to time, from 1841 down to to-day? I think that
assertion is unfounded, and controverted by the
| proof; and this view scorns to me important, when
I we come to consider the equities of this transac-
I tion. The judge who tried the case, in overruling
| the motion for a new trial, stated what was the
I effect of this verdict—that it was only to discharge
| the defendant fiom the claim set up in the suit
i against him. He stated that the remedy there-
| after was by appeal to Congress. He stated also
I that Congress was unaffected by the decision made
1 in that case; that they would examine the claim,
and do justice according to their own judgment
upon its merits.
Then I say the fact that, as early as 1844, the
claimant or the testator in this case was advised
that Congress would not regard that verdict,
entirely discharges the Government from any
charge of injustice to this claimant; because,
having been thus early advised of that fact, what
was his duty ? It was to bring the evidence, in
the shape of affidavits, upon which he claimed
the intervention of Congress, and ask it to allow
his claim upon proof. I may be mistaken, but I
have been examining this case, so far as I could,
and I have been unable to find that in any instance
the claimant has ever done this. It is stated in
the memorial that at a subsequent Say he pre-
sented his claim to Congress, and that the Com-
mittee of Claims of the House of Representatives,
with the exception of the chairman, were in favor
of reporting in its favor; but you will find, in
looking into the matter, that the Committee of
Claims, on that occasion, based their action solely
on this certificate, repudiating the ground taken
by the former committee in 1844, through Mr.
Wilkins, and deciding that they would report to
pay it on this certificate.
Then the claimant went to the Court of Claims.
I have looked at the petition presented to that
court, and I find that it do«s not ask for a rein-
vestigation of the claim upon its merits, but
insists, as the court-has decided, that the verdict
is conclusive. That is the ground of the memo-
rial. That court has sat upon this question, and
sustained the position. 1 have not heard a single
Senator on tins tloor who has expressed an
opinion unqualifiedly concurring m the judgment
of that coui t.
I tun looking now, 1 beg the Senate to under-
stand, at the equities of the case; and what do we
find? Being advertised in 1844 that this verdict
would not be regarded by the United States, do
we find that the claimant has undertaken to
furnish any other proof at any time ? If there is
any such fact m the history of the case, it has
escaped my attention. From that day to this,
m disregard of the judgment of the House of
Representatives, the claimant has omitted to
furnish any proof of the facts. I confess that this
embarrasses me very much. As the honorable
Senator from Texas has just said, we are called
upon now to vote for or against the claim based
on this verdict. 1 ask, is there a Senator in this
I body who is sufficiently advised of the facts of
| the case to say that 4188,000 are line? I am not.
; I do not know but that $200,000 are due. I do
not know that $2,001) are due. In fact, I do not
know anything about it.
Upon what ground is Congress called on to vote
money out of the Treasury on a private claim?
That one of its committees, or that its Court of
Claims, or that some of i   e-^embers, have ex-
amined the question, and are to report it to
Congress, after investigation, and say t^at a cer-
tain amount is due I am called upon, ti.-^fore,
either to i eject this bill of $188,000, or to vote
^188,000 and interest, on what ground ? It bring*
you back inevitably to the ground on which iht
Court of Claims have decided it—the verdict o*
the jury. Have you anything else before you 7
Has a Senator here anything else before him bu*
the verdict of the jury? Not at all. We are
placed in this position: while we repudiate the
ground taken by the Court of Claims with great
unanimity, we are about to give a judgment of
our own, based on precisely the same principles!
I think that is quite an embarrassing position.
It seems to me, sir, that the true course to be
pursued in this case, is that which we arc now
enabled to do by our rules, and that is to refer it
to the Court of Claims. Our rules authoiizeus,
when any private bill is pending here, to move to
substitute lbr the bill a resolution referring the
case to the Court of Claims, Why should we
do that? I can answer for myself, becluse I
desiie to know what amount of money is actually
due this claimant, if anything.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to put a question ? Suppose we send it back
to the Court of Claims, what can they do on the
principles they have assumed as law, except
simply to send us the same decision again? The
Senate has already decided that it will not refer
papers to the Court of Claims for any particular
purpose, and that it is not competent to give any
