312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 13,
special instructions to the court. All we can do
is to refer the papers again to them, and if they
have any respect for themselves, and have not
changed their opinion, they will send it back
again with the same decision.
Mr. STUART. I had very carefully reflected
on that same point, and I confess it presents some
difficulty; but if the Court of Claims is to be of
any use to Congress for the purposes for which
it was instituted, when its opinions have been
carefully reviewed by Congress and rejected as
not law, it is to be supposed thatit will go on and
audit the case upon the facts. But suppose that,
court should say, " We are not going to review
our decision on the law; we will stand by the
judgment we have pronounced;" then I would
refer the case to some one of the committees of
Congress, and have the facts fully investigated;
or, if you do not please to do that, refer it to
some Department of this Government that can and
will investigate it; but do not let us stand here,
with a claim against us based on a certificate
which We all hold is not evidence — which the
Supreme Court of the United States lias held is
not evidence, and with a refusal on the part of
the claimant to furnish us any other testimony
than that, and say, " Pay that, or pay nothing at
all," for there is where we stand. If, after this
full argument of the case—after the fact being
patent that no Senator hero indorses their judg-
ment of the law, the subject shall be referred to
the Court of Claims again, with such lights as
this debate has thrown upon it—if they see fit to
oay, "We will not proceed against our former
judgment, and take testimony in this case outside
of the verdict," we shall very soon learn that,
and then we can refer it to some Department. We
can refer it to some one of our standing commit-
tees; we can raise a special committee; we can do
something to ascertain the truth.
1 ask whether there is any Senator in this body
who can say, " I vote for this bill, satisfied that
$188,000 and so many cents, with the interest
thereon, is the exact amount due this man or his
estate?" I cannot say satisfactorily that there
is a dollar due him, and I have looked at the
opinion pronounced by the court. We all under-
stand that a court will not set aside a verdict,
though it may differ in opinion with the jury on
a question of fact in relation to an account, if it
is satisfied that the verdict is free from any im-
proper action on the part of the jury. How was
this case ? The effect of the verdict, said the
judge, was simply to discharge the defendant
from $47,000, which the Government claimed
from him. That is the only tiling the court had
to pass upon. It discharged him from the claim
upon the Government. That was the only effect
of the verdict, and that being the effect, the court
said it would not disturb this verdict, but pro-
nounce the judgment. He then goes on to say that
■whether the Government will pay the $188,000
or not, the balance thus found is to be determ-
ined on a reexamination of the whole case anew,
upon all the facts, by Congress. There is the
decision of the court. The claimant was enlight-
ened again on the subject by the committee of
the House of Representatives in 1844 telling him
the same thing; and now the case is presented
again as it stood in 1841, and the Senate is called
upon to say that the finding of that jury is final
and conclusive.
1 confess again, Mr. President, that it embar-
rasses me. 1 am strongly disinclined to do in-
justice to this claimant, as I am to any other'
claimant against the United States, but I wish to
have some evidence by which, when 1 have given
my vote in a case, I can explain, not onlv to
others, but to my own conscience, the erounds
on which I have done it, and I do not see that
evidence in this instance. 1 do not wish to em-
barrass the bill; I do not wish to embarrass a
vote upon it, but I see no better way of disposing
of it than to submit a resolution referring it to
the Court of Claims, and let it be investigated
upon testimony. I would not do that if it were
not stated here that the investigation will require
a longtime. The Senator from Maine, I think,
stated it would take several weeks to examine
the case. That is the very business of the Court
of Claims. That is the very ground that induced
Congress to organize that court, so as to save
Congress the time necessarily employed in taking
testimony in regard to privats claims. Inasmuch
as the court in this instance, in the opinion of
the Senate, evidently has misapprehended the
law, and instead of investigating the facts in the
case before it has adopted an investigation which
is a nullity, certainly I think weousht to send the
case there. But if the Senate shall decline to do
that, I shall be compelled to vote against the bill
for the reason that I see no just ground on which
to place mv vote in favor of it.
Mr. WfiLLER.. Mr. President, I shall be
compelled to vote in favor of this bill, although
it appropriates a very large sum of money, being
satisfied of its justice. I am not willing now,
after a lapse of fifteen years, to disturb the ver-
dict of the jury. In other words, I would compel
this Government to do what I would require of
an honest and respectable individual. It was the
duty of the Government to have ascertained
whether Mr. Reeside was indebted, before it
brought suitagamst him. Nowitisproposed to
send the case back to the Court of Claims. In
the condition of business now pending before
that court, some two or three years must neces-
sarily elapse before there can be a judgment of
the court upon it. In the mean time, perhaps
a large number of the witnesses will have died.
It is utterly impossible to get out new facts by a
reexamination now.
Ordinarily, I am compelled in this body to vote
on the report of a single Senator.. We refer a
private claim to our Committee on Claims. It is
taken possession of by one of the members, who
investigates the facts on ex parte testimony, and
reports the case to the Senate, and we pass it here.
In this instance, we have the judgment of twelve
men under oath, not acting on ex jiarte testimony,
but on testimony produced as well for the Gov-
ernment as in favor of the defendant, whore the
witnesses were all cross-examined; and after the
lapse of fifteen years, I am disposed to take the
judgment of those twelve men. I do not say
that f am legally bound to observe the verdict; but
I say it comes to me with a far higher indorse-
ment than if I had the solitary report of one
Senator alone. Sir, it is no objection with me
that the amount is large; I will compel this Gov-
ernment to pay its honest debts as far as I can.
It is said there is a prejudice against the Gov-
ernment, so that it is utterly impossible for the
Government to get a fair trial. Here is a jury of
twelve men, and two judges, who hold a commis-
sion from the plaintiff in their pockets, all con-
curring in the justice of the demand. I know
that it is very difficult for an honest man to get a
demand against this Government; and I know
that the Government daily, in regard to claims,
is doing things which no respectable man in this
community dare do. 1 will give you one case.
Some twelve years ago, when I was a member
of the House of Representatives, I presented a
memorial from an individual in my district, ask-
ing for an appropriation of §000, to get back out
of the Treasury that which he had improperly
paid to the receiver of public lands. The land
had been reserved from sale. This not being
known to the receiver, he took the s>200, which
was paid into the Treasury, and under our Con-
stitution of course required legislation to get it
out. The bill passed through the Senate since I
have been a member. He has been prosecuting
it from year to year. It would pass one session
through the other branch of Congress, and fail
here. The next year it would pass here, and
fail in the other House. After the lapse of twelve
years, he got his $200 back without interest.
YotPwould pay no interest. Why, sir, a man
would lose caste among gentlemen if he were to
refuse interest under such circumstances.
I am satisfied with the finding of this jury, and
it would be a great hardship to compel the party
now, after a lapse of fifteen years, to hunt up
and bring %vitnesses before a committee. Then
we should have an ex farte. hearing of the case.
I prefer abiding by the full investigation which
was made in a judicial tribunal.
Mr. WADE. I do not suppose, Mr. Presi-
dent, that 1 shall be able to throw any additional
light on this subject; but being a member of the
committee which made a unanimous report in
favor of the bill, it seems proper that I should
state very briefly the reasons which brought my
mind to the same conclusion with the other mem-
bers of the committee. It did not occur to me,
nor I believe was the supposition entertained by
any member of the committee, that we were abso-
lutely bound by the original verdict and judg-
ment rendered in the circuit court in Pennsylva-
nia, nor that we were absolutely bound by the
judgment of the Court of Claims. I believed
that great respect was due to the decisions of
both those tribunals; but I did not see how, in
the very nature of the case, either of them could
be absolutely binding against the Government.
Under the Constitution of the United States, it
is impossible for any court to pass such a judg-
ment against the United States, that it can be
carried into effect and executed without the con-
sent of Congress. Congress must ultimately
pass upon any judgment calling for the payment
of money by the United States, and has a dis-
cretion under the Constitution, if it sees fit, to
set aside the judgment, or refuse to execute it.
I do not think there is any difficulty here as to
the binding force and effect of the judgment
against the Government. Let us consider for a
moment, however, how it would be against the
defendant.
Let us suppose that the circuit court in Penn-
sylvania, on precisely the same evidence which
was presented on this trial, had decided the other
way. Suppose that the jury, under the instruc-
tions of the court, had come to the conclusion
that there was no offset in favor of the claimant,
and the court, having heard all the evidence, said
they were entirely satisfied with it, and that the
grounds of claim set up were perfectly baseless
in their judgment, and that any new investigation
must lead to the same result. Let us imagine
that the party, still persisting that he had-a claim,
notwithstanding the judgment of that court,
should bring it before Congress for investiga-
tion, and Congress should refer it to the Court
of Claims to pass upon it again, and they should
find no reason to disturb the verdict and judg-
ment of the circuit court, believing its action -to
be correct.
In such a case, I ask any Senator here, what
chance would the defendant have, upon any evi-
dence which he mjght produce, of bringing con-
viction to the mind of the Senate in favor of a
claim thus condemned in advance by two courts?
It strikes me that he would stand very little
chance; and his claim would receive but little
countenance from any Senator here.
In my humble judgment, there should be some
muiuality between litigants in court, even if one
of them be the Government of the United States.
Who does not see—who does not. feel, with what
ease we slide over the claims of individuals against
the Government when they have received the
go-by anywhere before any court? Whenever an
adverse report against a claim is presented here
from the Court of Claims, or from our own com-
mittees, the claimant is utteily helpless. I think
that there are some rights upon the other side
I think we sit here in the nature of judges, not as
advocates for the Government—not as advocates
for the claimant, but as judges impartially to de-
cide between the Government on the one hand
and the claimant on the other, leaning neither to
the one nor the other, the guardians of the rights
of the claimant on the one side, and the guardians
of the Treasury on .the other. At any rate, this
is what I feel to be my duty. My only interest
in this matter is to see that justice be done, and
if it be done I am satisfied, as I feel assured every
other Senator is.
Proceeding upon these principles, let us see
how this case stands. I have already said that
I was in favor of allowing the claim how before
us, not because I felt bound to shut my eyes to
any adverse testimony that might be produced
to show that the claim was groundless, notwith-
standing the high sanctions with which it comes
here. I do not feel that I ought to pay such
great deference to the decision of either of the
courts which have sustained this claim. In my
judgment, a claimant may petition Congress
against the decision of any court—even the Su-
preme Court of the United States. If a mania
litigating: with one of his fellow men, and goes
to the highest court, and the judgment there is
against lum, it ends the matter; but if his antag-
onist be the Government, I understand it is not
conclusive; and, notwithstanding the judgment
of any court, the claimant may come here by
petition for redress, and it is m the power ot
Congress to award it, if they see fit. His chances,
