1857.
THE CONGRBSSfONAjL GLOBE*
fit
however, would be very doubtful against the ad- |
judication of an intelligent, honest court. Under !
such circumstanccs, we should believe that his •
case had no merits, and he would have no chance
for redress.
Acting on these principles, the Committee on
Claims examined this case with some care. The
question naturally arose in the investigation of a
claim of this nature, what deference, what weight
ought to be given by a committee of the Senate,
or a court investigating the same thing, to such
an adjudication as was set forth on the records of
the circuit courtin Pennsylvania. Some Senators
say that it is an utter nullity, that it is worthy of
no consideration whatever; that the Court of
Claims greatly erred when they saw fit to place
any dependence at all upon it. I think that court
erred when they said it was absolutely binding,
so that they could not look behind it I do not
think that that great weight should be given to it;
but if they had said that verdict, standing there
approved by the circuit court, who had refused
to set it aside, remaining unimpeached by any
circumstances whatever, is prima facie evidence
of the facts contained in it, and judgment will be
rendered upon it, unless the agents of the Gov-
ernment can interpose some reason to show the
contrary, and it shall be open for the Government
to show, if it can, that there is an error of law or
of fact which ought to alter the result, they would
liavc taken the proper position. I think it should
be considered open to that extent; and the Com-
mittee on Claims were open to any such investi-
gation as that. Not a man of us would refuse to
receive any impeachment of that judgment, if any
could have been offered. We were willing to look
through all the testimony that could be presented.
I do not think f had my eyes shut to any valid
reason which could be offered against the validity
of this judgment. I would treat it as our courts
treat the judgment of a foreign court having juris-
diction of the subject-matter, as prima facie evi-
dence of the facts contained in it, leaving the party
who claims that it is wrong, to show that it is
.wrong.
I looked through the papers in this case. They
did not contain such a pertinent account of the
original transactions as would enable a man to
know precisely what had been done. For aught
I know, many links in the chain of evidence were
wanting. I ilid not come to the conclusion that
I was in possession of that independent evidence
which would enable nie to make up an original
judgment in the case, and my consent to the re-
port of the committee did not depend upon any
such fact; but, nevertheless, I scrutinized the
proceedings on the trial with a great deal of care,
to see whether everything there appeared to be
fair and right. 1 could find nothing unfair; and
the officers of the Government offered no reason
which showed that anything was unfair. We
examined the opinion of the enlightened and able
judges who tried the case, to see what they thought
of it. If they really thought that the jury had
greatly erred, would they not have set aside the
verdict? Instead of that, they said they were
entirely satisfied with the verdict, and believed it
to be right. The opinion of Judge Baldwin has
already been read in the hearing of the Senate,
and it is unnecessary for me to read it again. It
is perfectly evident that that enlightened judge
held with the jury that the verdict was right, and
that the Government was indebted to the defendant
in that case to the amount found by the jury.
The jury did not allow him anything like the
amount which he claimed. I believe they cut down
his account nearly one hundred thousand dollars.
This shows that there was an earnest desire to
arrive at the truth of the matter. The affidavits
of most of the jurymen have been taken to show on
what pi inciplo they rendered their verdict. I have
read those affidavits. Like honest men, they tell
us, that after this lapse of time, they are unable
to set forth all the evidence and all the reasons
which brought their minds to the conclusion at
which they arrived; but they are able, even now,
to give many reasons for what they did, and all
of them bear witness that the verdict was given
after most patient and earnest deliberations, with
an anxious desire to arrive at the right result.
The circuit court of the United States was satis-
fied, the Court of Claims h satisfied, and com-
mittees of the House of Representatives inves-
tigating the subject havo expressed, the same
opinion. Now, who stands forth to say to this
claimant that his claim is wrong ? Gentlemen
argue against the conclusive nature of the judg-
ment. Let them offer some evidence to put that
principle into practice before they vote it in this
case. Show us some reason why the judgment
ought to be opened, and this claim hewed down
by reason of some error in fact or some error in
law, which occurred on the trial.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With the leave of the
Senator, 1 will refer him to the concluding para-
graph of the report of the committee of the Mouse,
which has a bearing on that particular point:
" Your committee would add, in closing their repoit,that
they have made inquiry of the Post Office Department, of
Mr. Dundas, becoiid assistant Postmaster General, who has
charge of this branch of the public service, and who was
in the Department at the time of thfctiialof this case ni the
circuit court of tiie United States-, and they were informed
by htm that he was not knowing to any new fact- hearing
on the case which were not known at the time of the trial
above referred to, when all the books and accounts of the
Department were pie^ent in court, aiut a clerk from the
Department to explain the same."
Mr. WADE. That was in the range of what
I was^already arguing. The Government has
been unable to furnish any reason against this
proceeding from beginning to end during all this
lapse of time. No department of this Government
could find anything to impeach the verdict.
There was the shrewd, eagle-eyed guardian of
the Treasury, Dundas, and if any one could find
reason to impeach the verdict he was the man;
but he couid find nothing, and really there is
nothing against it. Yet Senators talk here as
though for some vague reason we should reject
the claim. A Senator said: " 1 do not know of
my own knowledge that this amount is due to
the claimant." Very likely the Senator does not.
Sir, I did not knov? of my own knowledge that
any claim for which I have ever voted was ex-
actly correct. In many, yea, a gieat majoiity of
cases, I am compelled to confide in the honor
and intelligence of other gentlemen. When they
have had a claim under consideration—when they
have impartially investigated it and come to a
conclusion, where there are complicated facts, I
am not the man to stand up and impeach their
doings, or'set my judgment up in opposition to
theirs, never believing that here, in the desultory
manner in which these matters are settled, a man
not on the committee can, without great hazard,
interpose his own opinions against the settled
conviction and deliberate expression of an intel-
ligent committee. I am willing to trust the in-
terests of this country in the hands of the com-
mittees of this body.
I could not vote for this bill if I supposed it
was to establish the principle that a verdict, ren-
dered in this way against the United States Gov-
ernment, should be taken under all circumstances
as absolutely conclusive. As I have already said,
from the very nature of the case, it cannot be
conclusive against us It will come here, and it
will always be open to investigation. As we
hold the purse, we are to say whether the judg-
ment shall be paid or not. We may say whether
the whole of it or any part of it shall be paid.
In fact we have jurisdiction over the whole sub-
ject. But, in my opinion, the verdict and judg-
ment of the court are at all events prima fucic
evidence of the facts therein contained. I know
there is an attempt to escape from this conclusion
by the fine drawn technical argument that the
court really had not jurisdiction of this off-set;
that the point on which the court had authority
to adjudicate was barely the ascertainment of the
fact, whether Rceside was indebted to th^Gov-
ernment. If that had been all, what judge on
earth would have sat for five long weeks, after
satisfying himself that there was something due
from the defendant to the Government, to ascer-
tain that of which he had no jurisdiction ? It is
perfectly manifest that the court took a different
view, and believed that every step they took in
order to ascertain the extent of the claim of the
defendant was a-matter of great interest to both
the parties. They acted in accordance with that
hypothesis, whether, technically, they were right'
6r wrong. The results, so far as the facts are
ascertained, are open to consideration, and are
precisely the same whether the technicality is on
my side, or the other.
Mr. STUART. I ask the Senator, though it
is not very important in this case, does he con-
tend that the court could stop the trial at any time
if they entertained the opinion which he now en-
tertains ? They must have been obliged to l >t the
parties go through all the proofs, and prove just
as much of a set-off as they chose.
Mr. WADE. I confess that, if it did that, it
was a much more patient court than I ever churned
to be when I was on the bench. If I believed the
inquiry was not pertinent to the issue; if 1 found
they were about introducing testimony upon tes-
timony that was going to take five or six long
weeks to investigate; if, sitting there as a judge, I
could say that it was coram non judice, I'think I
would undertake to stop it somewhere short of
that, and 1 think the gentleman would.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator understands me,,
he and I are more at loggerheads about theduties
of a judge than we are as to this case. Here
the Government sues a man and claims $47,000
against him; and the question to be determined
by the jury strictly is, does he owe the Govern-
ment $47,000? Their accounts are all open, run-
ning through a great number of years. Now, if
he can tell me how the court, at any stage of the
proceedings, could say to the jury: "There is
enough proof now to balance the claim of the
Government, and the rest you have nothing to do
with," he knows something about legal proceed-
ings which I do not.
Mr. WADE. I think the difference between
$45,000 and $200,000, might have satisfied any
judge that there was room to advise the parties
and the jury that it was unnecessary to go any
further. But does not the suggestion of the Sen-
ator himself show the perfect absurdity of split-
ting the claims in two? If afterwards n was to be
enforced against the United States, a portion of
the account having been already used to oif-set
the claims of the Government against him, how
couid he ascertain where they did in fact break
off, and how much of his account was submitted
to the jury and how much was not? Suppose it
was an entire thing; suppose it was a bill of ex-
change to a large amount, and the defendant off-
set a portion of it, enough to overcome the claim
of the Government: what would you do with the
balance ? Will you tell me?
Mr. STUART. I can tell the Senator if he
will hear me. I would do precisely what the
law does, and that is, leave it to be'mvestigated
elsewhere. All the law would do with it in that
case would be to satisfy the claim of the Govern-
ment. Although he might prove eight millions,
the only judgment that could be rendered, it is
agreed on all hands, would be to discharge the
defendant, and no judgment could be rendered in
his favpr Qt all.
Mr. WADE. If a principle that seems to me
to be so entirely inappropriate, was urged upon
me as a judge, t am not certain that I would not
say as Lord Thurlow once said: 44 I am told
that is not the law; then I will make it the law."
I am not quite sure but I would make it the law.
I certainly, sitting here with full power and juris-
diction to make it the law, will make it so far
as my vote goes, for it is entirely immaterial
whether the judge erred in his opinion or not
As I have already said, whether he was right on
the technicality, or whether he was wrong m his
judgment, the investigation proceeded on the
ground that it was all important to the ascertain-
ment of the issue then joined between the parties,
and we may rest up8n it with the same confi-
dence, whether the technicality is on the one-side
or the other. If you can find, by looking into the
proceedings and reading the opinion of the court,
as pronounced in the case, that they investigated
it with care, believing that they were acting
judicially to ascertain a fact, acting when the
witnesses were living and were present, I say
they weie more competent to come to a just con-
clusion than we are here to-day.
The claim has been delayed so long that the
statute of limitations in most of the States of this
Union would prevent an investigation of the ease.
Why have we these statutes of peace unless it is
that the testimony which shall elicit the facts in
these cases becomes impossible of ascertainment
by the lapse of time? !\ow, the original claimant
is dead. He was a remarkable man, who jn-r-
; haps did more business intelligently than any
I man in our country. He was perfectly conver-
| sant with all his claims and all las rights. He
i able, then, to marshal the accounts, and
I show to the Government what were Us rights,
