314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
and what his own. He has gone to his grave;
his witnesses are scattered to the four winds of
heaven, or dead; a new generation has come up,
not at all understanding his accounts. Is there
one Senator here who Believes that he can come
' now, as the evidence stands, to a conclusion more
satisfactorily than those twelve honest men, under
the direction of a most enlightened court, and
acting in accordance with their entire assent
throughout? Is there any man who believes
now that there is any likelihood of our coming
to any more just conclusion than has before been
arrived at? 1 do not believe there is, and there-
fore I assented to this report. I believe every
dollar that is reported is due.
As to this Court of Claims, there seems to be
a strange importance attached to its decisions. I
recollect, not a great while ago, during the last
session, that, without a count, we undertook to
correct the judgment of the court. I remember
very well, in a certain case in which they reported
a certain amount as being due, we inserted an
amendment, cutting it down to about one third
of what they found. And we sent the bill to the
other House. I do not remember what became
of it. There were no arguments then to show
that we were fearful we should be bound hand
and foot in some manner, before we knew any-
thing about it. I hope we shall take a more
common sense view of these questions. I know
the technical binding effect of the judgment of a
competent court on a case within its jurisdiction,
of a private character. The parties are bound,
whether they believe it is right or wrong; they
must lie down under it, unless they can get a
reversal forerror, or a new trial because the court
itself thinks it was wrong. But public trials of
this character are not subject to those rules, and
in their very nature they cannot be. First, not-
withstanding the judgment of all your courts, as
I have already said, tne Government never pays
without submitting the claim to our discretion,
and therefore there can be nothing positively
binding either way.
Now, I say, as I said before, if this Govern-
ment, in any of its departments, or if any gentle-
man of the Senate can show me that the report
of the committee is wrong and ought to be cor-
rected, against the binding validity of all your
judgments, I stand here ready to give efficacy to
it; but as it has passed all these ordeals, and the
Government has employed its own agencies to
look up defenses, and none have been produced,
it strikes me that after this great lapse of time we
ought to give effect to this claim.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Seward.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to move another
amendment, and if it is adopted I can vote for
the bill. It is to strike out the words, " with
interest thereon from the 6th day of December,
A. D. 1841." I do not mean to detain the Sen-
ate, after this long debate, with any remarks;
but I cannot, by any vote of mine, sanction the
doctrine that the Government is to pay interest
on any other ground than that of agreement.
There is no exception to this rule but cases not
of contract for a damage, where I might throw
in, as part of the measure of damages, an allow-
ance of this kind. In this case the interest is
allowed solely on the ground, in the opinion of
the court, that it is incident to the debt. There
is no other evidence of the debt before us than
the verdict of the jury. I hold that not to be
evidence at all. There is, in the opinion of the
court in which the case was tried, enough to
satisfy me that there was a ground for claim.
There is enough in the statement of the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] to
satisfy me that there is a claim; and I think that
claim might be ascertained on his statement with-
out difficulty, if this were referred to the account-
ing officers of the Treasury.
I admit fully, that if the United States, in stating
an account making out a balance of $47,000 due
to them, had charged the party with sums allowed
by a former Postmaster General, and disallowed
by his successor, the act of the successor was
erroneous; and whatever difference would be
made in that account by striking out these sums
I should be willing to allow to the party, though
the: amount was $250,000. That might be ascer-
tained with great ease by the records of the De-
partment. They have not been brought before
us, and have not been examined; but the fact
undoubtedly appears that there were such allow-
ances. Prom the trial itappears thatlarge amounts
were disallowed, after having been allowed by
Mr. Barry. I think that disallowance was an
error, and whatever difference the disallowance
made, I should be willing to pay; and taking the
whole case, as the matter has been delayed, I
should be willing to pay this sum of $188,000.
There is, however, no agreement in the case to
pay interest. There is no ground whatever "nn
which I can see that we are bound to pay interest,
any more than on any other claim which comes
here and which you allow on testimony which is
net legal testimony, but which Congress chooses
to accept. They do not hold themselves bound
by any rules in that respect. The general prac-
tice has been to refuse interest. I cannot, with
my views, looking as I think to the result which
must follow from it, adopt the principle that the
Government is bound to pay interest before the
amount is ascertained, either by a cour^which
we adopt for the purpose, or by the Treasury
Department, or in some mode of that kind, where
there is no agreement to pay it.
Without going into it at length, I think the
principle would be dangerous—contrary, cer-
tainly, to the usage of this and other Govern-
ments. It is true, as between individuals, that
when A is indebted to B on a debt bearing in-
terest, A is bound to.find B and pay him; and
the interest will run, whether he is ready to pay
or not, unless he tenders the money. But no
such principle as that applies to the Government,
for obvious reasons. There are a variety of
other cases in which the rules that govern the
relation between individual and individual are
not applicable to the relations between individuals
and the State. This doctrine of interest was so
ably discussed by Mr. Jefferson in his letter to
Mr. Hamilton, which is no doubt familiar to
most Senators, that I shall not go into it further
than to say that I knowno principle which would
authorize the allowance of interest against the
Government except that of agreement. If they
agree to pay it, they are bound to pay. There
is no judgment in this case against them which
would carry interest; because there is no legal
judgment. As between individuals, it might be
otherwise. If interest is allowed in the bill on
the score of the precedent, I cannot vote for it.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays on the amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish simply to state
the principle on which I shall vote for the allow-
ance of interest. If the majority of the Senate
think the claim is good, it is on the ground of a
balance ascertained at a particular time against
the Government. It must be on that principle,
though they do not give binding force to the
judgment. If that be so, there is no reason in
the world why interest should be refused. Of
course the Government never pays interest until
the balance against it is ascertained, but it does
then, and there are .repeated cases of that de-
scription. The Government ought to be subject
to the same rules precisely as individuals are.
There is no reason in the world why, simply
because we have the power to refuse to pay any-
thing we do not like, we should establish a prin-
ciple different from that which obtains in all other
cases.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resul d—yeas 22, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bell of New Hampshire,
Biggs, Cutler, Ca^, Clay, Dodge, Evans, Fitzoatrick,
Hunter, Iverson, Mallory, Mason, Pratt, lleid, Sebastian,
Khdeli. Stuart, Toombs, Trumbull, and Wright—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bell of Tennessee, Benjamin,
Bigler, Brown, Collamer, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Fos-
tei, Hale, Houston, Jones of towa, Pugh. Rusk, .Seward,
Thompson of Kentucky, Wade, Weller, and Wilson—20.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Shall the
amendments be engrossed, and the bill be read a
third time?
Mr. HALE. I desire that the question shall
be put separately on the two amendments. I
hope the Senate will think a little before they
vote for the first amendment. I am in favor of
its principle entirely; but it seems to me that
putting it here in the shape of a proviso, that
voting for this bill shall not give effcct and valid-
ity to the judgment of the Court of Claims, you
in effect say they shall have that validity unless
it is disclaimed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
will indulge the Chair in stating that the amend-
ment has been adopted.
Mr. HALE. It has been adopted in com-
mittee; but we are now in the Senate.
The PRESIDENT p-o tempore. It lias been
adopted in the Senate. The bill was reported to
the Senate from the Committee of the Whole
before the amendment was offered. There can
be no way of reaching it but by a reconsidera-
tion of the vote.
Mr. PUGH. I wish to say a word in expla-
nation of my vote, and I shall not detain the
Senate three minutes. The adoption of the
amendment of the Senator from New York ren-
ders it impossible for me to vote for this bill; I
was not satisfied to vote for it, I am free to say,
in the first place; but that amendment is not
merely that the judgment of the Court of Claims,
but that the verdict is of no validity whatever,
nor of any legal effect; and the Senator from
Delaware has stripped that verdict of its legal
incident of interest. Now what else have we to
go upon but the verdict? We vote for the bill
on the ground of the verdict, and yet we deny
that the verdict has any legal effect! It seems to
me we are called to vote for the claim upon evi-
dence which we declare to be entirely insuf-
ficient.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish barely to state that I
should not have deemed it necessary to introduce'
the amendment if it had not been that a strong
implication would arise in this case from the par-
ticular construction of the bill, which is, " That
the Secretary of the Treasury be and he is here-
by directed to pay to Mary Reeside, executrix,"
&c., so much money, "beingin full for the amount
due upon a verdictand judgment rendered thereon
in the circuit court of the United States." Now,
I think it right to pay the sum of money which
was rendered by that verdict; but 1 think the
verdict itself, if I know my own mind, offers noi
kind of ground upon which I iely in ascertaining
the amount, or in determining the obligation to
pay; and, therefore, inasmuch as the verdict is
recited, it seemed to me better to remove all ques-
tion, and place tRfe case upon its merits independ-
ently of the verdict.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
on the engrossment of the amendments and third
reading of the bill, resulted—yeas 28, nays 15; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bell of New Hamp-
shire, Bell of Tennessee, Benjamin, Bigler, Brown, Col-
lamer. Dodge, Douglas, Durkee, Evans, Fcs&euden, Fish,
Foot, Foster, Houston, Iverson, Jones of Iowa. Pratt, Rusk,
Seward, Thompson of Kentucky, Trumbull, Wade, Weller,
Wilson, and Wright—28.
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Biggs, Butler, Cass, Clay, Fitz-
patnek, Hunter, Mallory, Mason, Pugh, Reid, Sebastian,
Slideil, Stuart, and Toombs—15.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 13, 1857.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing executive communications; which were
severally ordered to be laid on the table, and
printed:
A message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a report from the Secretary
of War, in compliance with a rcsoluiioii of the
House of Representatives of the 22d ultimo, in
regard to information with reference to expend-
itures and liabilities for persons called into the
service of the United States, in the Territory of
Kansas.
Also, a communication from the Navy Depart-
ment, giving a statement of clerks and other per-
sons employed in the Navy Department for lb5G.
Also,acommunication from theSuperintendent
of Public Printing, transmitting his fourth annual
report.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND canal.
Mr. KENNETT. There was laid on the table
