1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
yesterday, or the day before, a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, in reference
to the Louisville and Portland canal, accompanied
by the estimates of the engineer in charge of the
work. I move that the drawings accompanying
it be printed with the report; ana I also move that
a thousand extra copies be printed.
The motion with reference to the drawings was
agreed to; and the motion to print extra copies
was referred, under the rule, to the Committee
on Printing.
FEDERAL BUILDINGS AT RALEIGH.
Mr. BRANCH asked and obtained leave to in-
troduce the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
liesoZuei, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads inquire into the expediency of erecting at Raleigh,
North Caiohna, a building for the accommodation of the
post office and I'edeial courts.
PROTECTION OF LIFE ON THE COASTS OF
NEW JERSEY AND LONG ISLAND.
Mr. KELLY asked and obtained leave to in-
troduce the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be, and are
hereby, directed to inform this House what further means,
if any, are necessary to prevent the loss of life, and to pre-
serve tho«e who may be shipwrecked on the coasts of New
Jersey and Long Island, in the State of New York, and
report by bill or otherwise.
FEDERAL BUILDINGS AT HARTFORD.
Mr. CLARK, of Connecticut, asked leave to
introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That tlie Committee on Commerce be requested
to inquire into the expediency of an appropriation of
$'100,000 for constructing a fire-proof building of stone at
Ilaitford, Connecticut, for the use of the United States
com ts and its officers, and for a post office.
Mr. LETCHER objected.
THE PRESIDENT'S ANNUAL MESSAGE.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the annual message of the President of the
United States; the pending question being on the
motion of Mr. Campbell, of Ohio, that the
same be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and be printed.
Mr. BINGHAM, who was entitled to the
floor, addressed the House for an hour on the
question of the power of Congress over the sub-
ject of slavery in the Territories. His speech
is withheld for revision, and will be published
in the Appendix.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Before asking
the previous question, 1 desire to say, that when
I submitted the motion to print the President's
message, I had no intention of provoking a dis-
cussion that was to last so long. The session is
now half spent, and much very important busi-
ness is locked up. For that roason I now demand
the previous question.
Mr. BOWIE. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw the call.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the gentleman from Ohio whether it would not
be better for him, before he calls the previous
question, to move to refer the message to the dif-
ferent standing committees, instead of sending
it to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union?
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, We have had it
discussed here; and if we send it to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
it will never be referred" to the standing commit-
tees.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. In reply to the
suggestion of the gentleman from Tennessee 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, un-
less the gentleman withdraws his call for the
previous question.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to make a request
of the gentleman from Ohio.
Objection was made.
Mr. McMULLIN. I demand tellers on the
call for the previous question; and I object to
those gentlemen voting who have made speeches
on the President's message.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Millson
and Stranaiian were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 95, noes' 39.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put;
and under the operation thereof, the message was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the motion to refer and
print was agreed to; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table; which latter
motion prevailed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ment of the House to the bill (S. No. 288) for the
relief of the heirs-at-law of Sarah Crandall.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. H. Mar-
shall in the chair.)
TARIFF BILL.
The bill (H. R. No. 566) reducing the duty'on
imports, and for other purposes, having been as-
signed as a special order for this day, was taken
up for consideration.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, addressed the
House in remarks which he has withheld for
revision, and will be published in the Appendix.
The CHAIRMAN. According to the rules of
the House the bill will now be read through for
the first time, with the amendments which ac-
company it, and then it will be read by sections,
in order that specific amendments may be offered.
Mr. KEITT. I move to dispense with the first
reading of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The CHAIRMA N. The question first is upon
the proposition in the nature of a substitute for the
bill offered a few days since by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] and printed with
the bill.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to correct the Chair.
I have not offered the amendment in the Commit-
tee of the Whole yet, nor do I design to do so
now.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that the gentleman from Virginia offered his
amendment in the House, and that it was referred
with the original bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. LETCHER. That is all true; but until
I offer the amendment in the Committee of the
Whole it is not before the committee. It was
presented to the House in order that it might go
with the bill, and be printed, and thus be before
the House when this subject should come up, if
I chose to present it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair knows nothing
about it, cxcept from what appears in the printed
bill. It is printed with the bill, but the Chair
would allow the gentleman to withdraw it, if he
had offered it.
Mr. LETCHER I offered it in the House as
the report of a minority of the committee, and I
offered it in the House under a power given to
the committee last session, authorizing us to
report at any time, in order that it might be
printed. I do not design to offer it now as a sub-
stitute for the bill reported by the majority. If I
offer it at all, it will be the result of subsequent
reflection, and not of present conviction.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
then, the amendment will be considered as with-
drawn.
No objection was made.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is now upon
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Boyce.1
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. These amendments
were printed by the order of the House under a
practice which prevails of bringing amendments
before the House in order to get them printed, but
they are not in order, as amendments,until they
have been offered in Committee of the Whole. I
understand that the amendment of the gentleman
from South Carolina stands precisely in the same
condition as the one offered by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher.] They have been
printed, but are not before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that thoy were referred with the bill.
Mr. BOYCE. I propose to offer my amend-
ment before the committee as a substitute for the
bill reported from the Committee of Ways and
Means, with one correction, substituting " Jan-
uary " in the place of " July.'*
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
first section of the bill, and then it will be in order
for the gentleman from South Carolina to indicate
his amendment.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I understand the gen-
tleman from South Carolina to offer his amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute for the entire
bill. It will then be the duty of the committee to
fo on and perfect the original bill before the vote
e taken on the substitute.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that proposition. It is still in order for any gen-
tleman to offer an amendment of the matter which
it is proposed to strike out.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am directed by
the majority of the Committee of Ways and
Means to propose a substitute for the bill origin-
ally reported.
The substitute was read, and is as follows:-
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress assembled, That
from and after the 1st day of July, 1857, the goods, wares,
and merchandise mentioned m schedule 1, made part
hereof, shall be exempt from duty, in addition to those now
exempt by law, and m like manner entitled to free entry:
Schedule 1.
Acids—acntic, boracic, cituc, muriatic, nitric, and sul-
phuric; amber; ambergris; Angora or Thibet, and other
goats' hair or mohair; annatto, roucou, Orleans; animal
caibon, (bone black;) antimony, crude, or regulus of;
argol, or ciude tartar; arsenic; asphaitum; aloes; alcor-
noque; aniseed; arrowroot; asafcetida; animals, living;
barks; barilla; bells, old, and bell-metal; berries, nuts,
and vegetables used in dyeing; berries, flowers, and barks ;
bismuth; borax; brass, m bars and pigs; brass, when old,
and lit only to bo remanufactured; Brazil wood, Brazil-
letto, and all other dye-woods in sticks; breccia, in blocks
or slabs; brimstone, unrefined or in rolls; bristles; bronze
liquor; bronze powder; burr-stones,unmanufactured; burr-
stones, wrought or unwrought; bolting cloths; bitter
apples; boueho leaves; Burgundy pitch; cadmium; cala-
mine; cameos, mosaics, and precious stones, (not set;)
cassia buds; chalk; clay; cochineal; cocoa and cocoa
shells; codiila, or tow of hemp or flax; copper, when old
and fit only to be remanufactured; copper for sheathing
vessels; cork-tree hark; cream of tartar; cudbear, (vege-
table;) camphor, crude; cantharides; ca&torum; cubebs;
cutch; dragon's blood; emery, in lump or pulverized;
extract of indigo; extracts and decoctions of logwood, and
other dye-woods; extract of madder; fire bricks; flax,
unmanufactured; flax seed; flmt, ground; flints; fruits; -
fuller's earth; furs, dressed or undressed, when on the
skin; furs, hatters', dressed or undressed, not on the skm;
gamboge.
Glass, when old and fit only to be remanufactured;
gums—Arabic, Barbary, copal, East India, Jeddo, Senegal,
substitute, Tragacanth, and all other gums and resins in a
crude state; gutta percha, unmanufactured; green turtle;
ginger, green, ripe, dried, preserved, or pickled; grind-
stones ; hair of all kinds, uncleaned and manufactured;
hemp, Manilla, sun, afid other of India, Jute, Sisal grass,
coir, &c.; horn?, horn tips, bone, hone tips, and teeth, un-
manufactured; hydrodate of potash; India-rubber in bot-
tles, slabs, or sheets, unmanufactured; India-rubber, milk
of; indigo; iodine; iridium ; iron, scrap, when old and fit
only to he remanufactured; ivory, manufactured; ipecac-
uanha; iris or orris root; ivory nuts or vegetable ivory;
jalap; kelp; kermes; lac dye; lac spirits; lac sulphur; last-
ing*, cut m strips or patterns of the size and shape for shoes,
slippers, boots, bootees, gaiters, or buttons, exclusively; lead
in pigs; lead, when old and fit only to be remanufactured;
lemon juice, and lemon juice concentrated; lime juice;
linseed; liquorice root; madder,ground,and madder iout;
manganese; manufactures of mohair cloth, silk twist, or
other manufactures of cloth suitable for the manufacture
of shoes, cut in strips or patterns of the size and shape for
shoes, slippers, boots, bootees, gaiters, or buttons, exclu-
sively ; marine coral, unmanufactured; mosg and other
vegetable substances used for mattresses 5 manufactures of
platina; music, printed, with lines, bound or unbound;
medicinal roots, leaves, gums, and resins, in a crude stale;
machinery exclusively designed and expressly imported for
the manufacture of flax and linen goods; maps and charts;
munjeet, (India madder;) natron; nickel; nulgalls; nux
vomica; ochres and ochrey earths; oils, almond, cocoa--
nut, olive, palm, and teal; orpiment (and realgaf) arsenic;
opium; orange and lemon peel; palm leaf, unmanufac-
tured ; pewter, when old and fit only to be remanufactured;
platina; plumbago or graphite; polishing stones; poppy
seed; pumice and pumice-stones; pearl or hulled barley;
qmckstlver; rags, of whatever material; rattans and reeds^
unmanufactured; rotten-stone; rhubarb; salts of tin; saf-
fiower; saffron and saffron cake; sal ammonia, ammonia,
and carbonate of ammonia; sulphate of ammonia; salt-
peter, or nitrate of soda or potash, refined or crude; seed-
lac; shellac; silk, raw, or as reeled from the cocoon, not
being doubled, twisted, or advanced in manufacture m any
way! skins and hides, raw, ot all kinds, whether dried,
salted, or pickled; smalts; sheathing paper; seeds of all
kinds. & . .
Soda ash; sponges; substances expressly used for ma-
