1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$17
Tf not convenient to give reference to the law upon which
your predecessor** acted, *ill yon be pleaded to refer us to
that upon which jou have authorized the payment during
your own term of service ?
Very truly yours, &c.,
LEWIS P. CAMPBELL, Chairman.
Hon. James Guthrie, Secretary of the Treasury.
Treasury Department, January 12, 1857.
Sir ' I have received your letter of the i'ith instant,
referring to my several letters transmitting, and relating to,
the repoit of the f'omptroller on the extia compensation
ol tin* employes of the Hou e.
1 have referred to the pencil dtaft of my letter o( the oth
instant, and tiiul that the act of v2lst ol July, l£o2, was the
act intended, but wlneli was copied (and the crinr escaped
niv attention") as 28ili of Julv, 1H4*X The fomth section of
the act oi 21st of July, 1*52, vol. 10. L. & B., p. 24, is as
follow;- :
And be it further enacted, That no estimate or appro-
priation of money, m any lull makmir appropi lations, shall
authorize the payment of any increased pay, allowance, or
compensation, in any form whatever, beyond the amount
prescribed by law, in any case, unless there shall first be a
specific direction for such extra payment, designating the
officers to whom Mich extra payment shall he made."
The inaccurate correction in my subsequent letters was
in so far erroneous as to apply to the second section of the
act of -23d of August, 184-2, which, although containing a
prohibition against e.vtia compensation, and therefore per-
tinent to the Mibject, was not the paiucular act which had
been quoted. The act of 1842 may be found m vol. 5, L.
& B . p. 510, in the following word* :
"And be it further enacted. That no officer in any branch
of the public service, or any other person, whose salary,
pay, or emoluments, h or are fixed by law or regulations,
shall receive any additional pay, extra allowance, or com-
pensation. in any tbrm whatever, for the disbursement of
public money, or"for any other service or duty whatsoever,
unl< ->- the same shall be authorized by law, and the appro-
priation therefor explicitly set forth that it is for such addi-
tional pay, extra allowance, or compensation."
1 lose no time m making these corrections, and giving
these explanations, and will reply to the residue of your
letter as soon as may be in my power.
I am, very respectfully, JAMES GUTHRIE,
Secietary of the Treasury.
Hon. L. D. Campbutx, Chairman Committee of Way* and
Means, House of Representative.>.
Room Committee op Ways and Means,
January 12, 1857.
Sir : Your letter of the 19th instant referring me to the
fomtli section of tile act approved July 21, 183*2, as the act
you intended to refer in your communication to the House
of Repiesentatives of the oth instant, has been received.
Upon a reference to the tenth volume of the Statutes at
Laige, page 99, [ find that the provision- of the tourth sec-
tion of the act ot July 21, l&r>2, were lepealed in the act
approved August 31, 1852, in the following words :
" Sec. 14. And be it farther enacted, That the provisions
contained m the fouith section of the act entitled < ^n act
to supply deficiencies m the appiopriations for the service
of the fiscal year ending the liOth of June, 1859,' be, and
the same are hereby, lepealed and that the said fourth
section is marked in themaigm, '* Repealed 1^52, chap. 108,
sec. 14.''
The committee being very desirous of disposing of this
matter as eaily as possible, will you, at your earliest con-
venience, be pieased to transmit the reply to the unanswered
inquiries of inv former letter of this day?
Very truly yours, &e.,
LJSWli* D. CAMPBELL, Chairman.
Hon. James Guthrie, Secretary of the Treasury.
Treast'RY Department, January 13, 1857.
Sir; I have had the honoi to leceive your letter of the
12th instant.
You are quite right as to the fourth section of the act of
the 21st July, 1852. It h repealed, and theiefore can have
no beaimg upon the question m hand
Your former letter was referred to the Comptroller, and
I am sure be will spare no effort to furnish his report as
soon as possible.
X am, very respectfully, * JAMES GUTHRIE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon.L. D. Campbell, Chairman of Committee of Ways and
Means, House of RepiesentaUui'*.
CENT COINAGE BILL.
Mr. WHITNEY. The regular business, I
understand, is the motion to recommit the coinage
bill to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. That is the question before
the House.
Mr. WHITNEY. I move that it be referred,
with instructions to strike out the eighth section
of the bill, as follows:
And be it further euactcd, That the Secretary of the
Tiea^ury. under such rules and regulations as he may
from time to time establish, shall have power to authorize
and require modal* to be <*tiuck at the Mint for the several
State*, incoi pointed companies and societies that may
apply for them, at a reasonable puce for the labor and ma-
tenuis, striking two copies, m bionze, for a cabinet of
medals to be kept in the Mint; and out of the profits obtain
duplicate copies, in bronze, for said cabinet, of all medals
which have been stiuck at the Mini. The accounts of the
mcd-ils .-hall be rend'-r^d qu<u terly, and the profits paid into
the Tieasury, and appeal in the annual reports.
My objection to this eighth section of the bill
is this—2—
Mr. LETCHER, (interrupting1.) I would sug-
gest to the gentleman from New York that the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] who
reported this bill, id not now in the House.
Mr. WliiTNEY. I think I can express in a
very few words my reasons for objecting to this
section. The medalist business of this country
is yet young, but artists are beginning to have
some experience in that line of business; and it is
not desirable to bring the Government into com-
petition with that class of artists. It is discour-
aging to them, and calculated to destroy that
improvement which jp now going forward. I
have received the protest of artists against this
clause of the bill. These are my reasons for
moving that the committee be instructed to stiike
it out. I trust that the House will vsee the pro-
priety of the motion which I have made.
The motion was passed over without action.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. BENNETT, of New York,
it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the papers in the case of Edward
James, for presentation to the Senate.
On motion of Mr. EUSTIS, it was
Ordered, That the Court of Claims be requested to return
the papers in the case of Puig, Mir & Co., and that the
same be referied to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. MORGAN, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the papers m the case of Mary
Anne YVilhams.
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS, ETC.
Mr. HOUSTON, I ask permission of the
House to introduce a bill, of which previous no-
tice has been given, entitled k'A bill to amend an
act therein named," for the purpose of having it
printed.
Mr. CRAIGE objected.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman from
North Carolina will not object, but let the bill be
printed.
Mr. CRAIGE. We have had the same bill
here before.
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir; the gentleman is
mistaken.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House for leave to introduce, for
reference only, a bill making appropriations for
public buildings in the Territory of Kansas.
Mr. THORINGTON. I object.
The SPEAKER. There are many gentlemen
who desire opportunity to introduce bills for lef-
erence to appropriate committers; and if there be
no objection, fifteen or thirty minutes will be set
apart for that purpose.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I a^reo to the
Speaker's suggestion, if it be understood that the
time so occupied is not to be taken out of the
morning hour for the reception of reports from
the standing committees.
The SPEAKER. Such will be the understand-
ing, if there be no objection.
There was no objection; and the Speaker pro-
ceeded to call on members by States, for the in-
troduction of bills for reference only.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Commute* on Printing be requested
to inquire into the expediency of printing, for the use of
this House, twenty thousand extra copie- of the report of
Brigadier General Law«-on,on the Matiifties of the diseases
and deaths in the United States Army, m a stjlo eoi re-
sponding to that printed for the Tinted States Senate at the
first ses-ion of the Thuty-F uiirth Congicss.
The SPEAKER. The resolution does not 1
come within the order o£ the House, and can •
only be introduced by unanimous consent. i
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I object. ;
Mr. CLARK, of Connecticut, asked leave to ;
introduce the following resolution: j
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce he icqncsted '
to inquire into the expediency of an appioprianon of
$100,000 for constiucting a fire-proof building of stone at
Haitford, Connecticut, for the use of the United States
courts and its officers, and for a post office.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected. j
Mr. WILLIAMS introduced a bill authorizing 1
the construction of a gilding at Rochester, New ;
York,for a custom-house, post office, and United j
States court room; which wa« read a first and !
sccond time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. COVODE asked leave to introduce the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Expenditures
be authorized and instructed to institute such examination
and inquiry into the condition, expenditure, and co>t of the
Washington aqueduct and other public works, with power
to send for person^ and papers, and report at an early day
such facts and recommendations, as, in l heir judgment, nwy
be necessary to check excessive expenditures over original
estimates.
Mr. CARL1LE objected.
On motion of Mr. BOWIE, it was
Ordered. That leave he granted for the withdrawal from
the file* of the Iluuse of the petition ami paper*- iu the ca&e
of J. B. Veibiski, to be returned to the petitioner.
Mr. CARLILE introduced a bill to equalize
the grants of land to the several States; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee oa Public lands.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not know that it is
regularly in order, but I ask leave to introduce
the amendment to the rules of this House which
I send to the Clerk's desk. And 1 hope that, as
it is intended to facilitate the public business,
there will be no objection to my request.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Amend rule 23 by adding:
Provided, That whenever any committee shall have occu-
pied the whole or pari of the morning hour on two days
with making its reports, it shall not be in order for that
committee tn report further until the other committees shall
have been first called in order for reports.
Mr. MACE objected.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, introduced a bill to
construe certain acts granting Innds to the States
of Iowa, Wisconsin, Michigan, Florida, Ala-
bama, Mississippi, and Louisiana, for railroni
purposes; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 did not hear what the
order was which was made by the House, and
under which these bills are presented.
The SPEAKER. Under the order it is in order
to present bills for reference only.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like to present (he
bill I hold in my hand, and which a short time
since I asked to have printed.
The SPEAKER. The motion to print was
included in the request of the Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON. The bill is the one which
was read a short time siuce. I make a motion
that it be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands; and if the House choose to send it there,
I shall not object, but 1 prefer that the motion
should lie over.
Mr. WALBRfDGE. I object to its reception
unless it be referred.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman moves that
the bill be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands; and it is in order to refer the bill
Mr. HOUSTON. But I ask the consent of
the House to allow the motion to go over.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I object."
Mr. HOUSTON. Then } withdraw the mo-
tion to commit, and ask that the bill be printed.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I object, unless it be
referred.
The SPEAKER. It can only be received for
the purpose of reference.
The bill entitled " A bill to amend an act
therein named," was then read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. QJJ1TMAN asked leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
RojuN be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a mail route from Greenville, in the county of Wa=>h-
matoii, to AIcNutt, m fc?un Flower county, Mississippi, and
that said conimittec be instructed to report by bill or other-
wise.
Mr. CLARK, of Connecticut, objected.
Mr. LAKE. I offer a resolution, and hope
that it will be received by unanimous consent. I
will state that the resolution is merely one of
inquiry. It is as follows:
Resolved, That the standms Committee ®n Commerce
I be u-quired to inquiie into tlie propriety of repot-iin? a l«tt
i for the consti uction of a custom house and po>-t office at the
' city of Vieksburg, in the State of Mississippi.
Mr. WALBRIDGE objected.
Mr; BURNJiTT introduced a bill to provide
