THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. "v
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D7CT~
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 17, 1857.
New Series No. 31.
country, consequent upon the passage of that
single section, would be. We can take the duties
Eaid on these articles last year as the standard;
ut it is not possible for any man to make a cal-
culation how much of manufactured articles now
imported would be cut off by the advantage thus
incidentally given to the manufacturinginterests
of this country.
One word more. I desire to inform the gentle-
man from Virginia, and the committee at large,
that the majority of the Committee of Ways and
Means, who have presented this report,instructed
me to indicate at the outset their purpose to reduce
the number of schedules, simplify the whole
' revenue system, and at the same time reduce the
expenditures incident to the collection of the
revenue.
Now, sir, under the rules of this House, it may
become necessary, in order to have action—defi-
nite and substantial action—upon this question,
that I should move a substitute for the bill, after
it shall have been considered in Committee of the
Whole; but I shall not take snap judgment on the
gentleman from Virginia and his friends. I will
give timely notice, or at least some member of the
majority of the committee who have presented
this report will give timely notice, of the substitute
which we intend to offer.
Mr. KEfTT. Is the time consumed in this
rambling debate to be taken from the time allowed
me under the rule?
Mr. LETCHER. I hope not.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman allows
it to go on, it will come out of his time.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope, by general consent,
it will not be deducted from the time allotted to
the gentleman. We want to understand each
other, and we ought to do so before we go further
in the debate.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
the running debate will go on, without detriment
to the rights of the gentleman from South Carolina.
There was no objection.
Mr. LETCHER. It does not seem to me to
be exactly right that the Committee of Ways
and Means shall be allowed to introduce here, as
a report from the majority of that committee, a
proposition for remodeling and reducing the tariff
on which they do not mean to stand throughout
this fight. I understand, from the remarks of my
colleague on the committee, that he will stand on
a general proposition for a free list, and that he
will stand on a general proposition for the reduc-
tion of certain schedules, according to the act of
I84G. And while he is standing on general prop-
ositions on both these points, he presents but the
isoiaied proposition of the free list for the con-
sideration of this committee. If this discussion
is to go on intelligibly—if we are to know what
proposition the Committee of Ways and Means,
ora majority of that committee, regard as a sound
proposition for theadoption of this House.itought
to be presented at the opening of this debate, so
that it may be the subject of discussion, and all
its provisions the subject of examination, so that
we may be enabled to arrive atsome just ponclu-
sion in regard to it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I would ask the
gentleman whether the minority of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means take issue with the ma-
jority? If so, ought they not to present some
system on which they intend to stand ? At the
last session we presented, on behalf of the ma-
jority, a system on which we were willing to
compromise with the minority. They made no
report. There was no report of any kind from-
the minority until within a few days ago. My
colleague on that committee [Mr. Letcher]
then rose and introduced a bill, without giving
any reason why such a bill should be passed.
He gave no arguments in its support. It was
looked into; and members doubtless formed opin-
ions, some for, and some against it. But when
the question came up for discussion yesterday,
my colleague withdrew it.
If the gentlemen of the minority intend to make
a fight on this issue, why do they change front ?
21
Mr. LETCHER. So far as that is concerned,
Mr. Chairman, wo have not changed front. The
gentleman will find, so far as the minority of the
Committee of Ways and Means are concerned,
that they'have presented a bill on which they
mean to stand; and wl%i they bring it into the
House, they will not ask opportunity from this
body to enable them to change its provisions at
the heel of the debate.
My colleague wants to know why we did not
present a report and a bill at the last session ? It
is sufficient for me to say that I was somewhat
apprehensive, if we did so, our bill and report
would dovetail together no better than did those
offered by the gentleman from Ohio last session.
They do not seem to be exactly the same. Then,
besides, my colleague takes the ground that his
bill is not a bill for protection.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I* beg to correct
the gentleman. I have avowed that it is in tended
for protection.
Mr. LETCHER. I am obliged to the gentle-
man for his "correction. The chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means then takes the
ground that his bill is a protective measure, while
the Secretary of the Treasury maintains that his
bill, in which the same principles are avowed, is
an approach to free trade.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Let the gentle-
man combat the arguments of the Secretary. I
have nothing to do with him.
Mr. LETCHER. If 1 can butt together the
heads of the Secretary of the Treasury and the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
I may kill off one or the other of them. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Let the gentle-
man make war on the leader of his own party in
the Treasury Department; and if he succeeds in
taking his scalp, he can then make war on the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust I may be allowed
to intervene between the gentlemen as a peace-
maker, with my proposition, for blessed are the
peace-makers. [Laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER. I do not propose to take
the scalp of anybody, nor do I propose to make
war on the leader of my party in the Treasury
Department. I do not recognize him as a leader
of the Democratic party, after his expose of his
principles in reference to the tariff. I make war
on the principle that is contained alike in the
proposition of the Secretary of the Treasury and
the bill of the Committee of Ways and Means,
though each has christened the child by a differ-
ent name. [Laughtef.]
I did not get up to make a speech. All I desire
is to understand the precise position occupied by
both sides of the question.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not mean, in the single
remark I am about to submit, to commit myself
to the support of the scheme of the Secretary of
the Treasury. So far from it, I am disposed to
oppose it. But I beg leave to suggest to my
colleague, that the scheme submitted by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is not identical with the
proposition from the Committee of Ways and
Means. They do not stand on the same fpunda-
tion; for while they both propose the exemption
from duty of raw material, yet the Secretary of
the Treasury recommends—not very definitely I
admit, but he recommends—such a reduction of
duties on manufactured articles as may correct,
or tend to correct, the unequal and oppressive
operation of the exemption from duty of the raw
material; whereas the report of the Committee
of Ways and Means merely recommends the
exemption of duties on the raw material, with-
out proposing any reduction on the manufactured
article.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man one question. Does not the Secretary of
the Treasury recommend an increase of duties
upon as many articles, and as large an amount
of articles, paying revenue, as he proposes a
reduction ? Does he not expressly put his re-
commendation upon the ground that, while the
reduction,of duties, in his judgment, might tend
to enlarge the revenue, the increase of duties pro-
posed by him would restrain importation, and
thus counterbalance the increase of revenue that
would arise from the reduction of duties? He
proposes to advance the duties on certain articles
as much as he proposes to reduce them on others.
Mr. MILLSON. I certainly do not wish to
be placed here in the attitude of one vindicating
the recommendations of the Secretary of the
Treasury. On the contrary, I stated in the be-
ginning that I was utterly opposed to them. All
I intended to say was that the recommendations
of the Secretary of the Treasury, objectionable
as they are to me, are still more tolerable than
the recommendations of the Committee of Ways
and Means.
I repeat, that while the Committee of Ways
and Means propose nothing but the abolition of
duties upon the raw material, and no reduction
of duties upon the imported articles, yet the Sec-
retary of the Treasury recommends also the re-
duction of duties upon manufactured articles; and
as I said, though he recommends it in a very
vague manner, it may be that his purpose was,
that this reduction of duties upon manufactured
articles should be by way of compensation for
the reduction of duties upon the raw material.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to ask the gentleman
from Virginia one question, that we may see
whether he and I agree, or if not, which is right.
I ask the gentleman where the Secretary proposes
to put the manufactures of flax? Let the gentle-
man answer that question. He proposes, in his
first recommendation to Congress, that linen goods
should be put into the free list; and now he not
only proposes to take linen goods from their
present duty, which is twenty per cent., but to
put alt articles manufactured from flax among
that class in his schedule which pay twenty-five
or thirty per cent. And not only that, he pro-
poses that all raw materia! constituting the fabric
of linen shall be put into the free list. And that
is not all; he proposes—which proposition is' an
exception to all the revenue laws of this country
—to admit all machinery designed for the manu-
facture of linen goods free of duty. So the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has, upon those articles,
vibrated from the free list, where he first proposed
to put them, to a duty five per cent: higher than
they now pay, and an admission of the raw ma-
terial and machinery free.
There are other articles upon which the Secre-
tary proposes to advance the duty, instead of
diminishing it; and at the same time he proposes
to admit the raw materials, of which those arti-
cles are composed, free of duty.
Mr. MILLSON. I have said that I do not
wish to bo regarded as vindicating the suggestions
of the Secretary of the Treasury. So far from it,
four or five years ago I took occasion to express
my views at large in opposition to the very system
of reduction now recommended by the Secretary
of the Treasury. I do not wish, therefore, to be
considered as occupying an antagonistic position
to that of my friend from Alabama, because I
agree with him heartily upon this question. All
I desired to say was, that the report of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, which recommends
simply a reduction of duty upon the raw mate-
rial imported, without a corresponding or com-
pensating reduction upon the manufactured arti-
cles, was much more objectionable than tlio prop-
osition of the Secretary of the Treasury, and
therefore I suggested to my colleague that he
did injustice to the Secretary .of the Treasury in
identifying him with the Committee of Ways
and Means. I will content myself with reading
the clau.se of the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury to which I referred. After speaking
of the reduction of duties upon raw material,
which, he says, will reduce the revenue some
seven or eight millions of dollars, he says:
r have also suggested that some articles of genera! con-
sumption, such as salt, be a tided to the free list, and that
the tariff upon some other articles of imports shouiu be re-
duced some seven or eight minions of dollars."
