THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
■ No w, all I me'aft't to Sug|fest , tfi'at, for aught
'■#« "could tell, this reduction of duties upoii other
articles of imports, amounting to seven or eight
millions of dollars, might have been designed by
the Secretary of the Treasury as a reduction ne-
eessary to be made for the purpose of preventing
that protective operation of the abolition of duties
upon raw material, which would unquestionably
take place if it were not atoned for by-some such
compensation. That was all I meant. But I say
now that I do not think that my colleague from
Virginia, or the gentleman from Alabama, can
announce a proposition on this subject which I
would not heartily Subscribe to.
Mr. LETCHER. . I do not desire to do any
injustice to the Secretary of the Treasury or any
one else, for Grodknowshis scheme is bad enough,
to" take it as it is proposed. But, sir, I do not
know that I yet understand my colleague, the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
If I do understand his position, it is this, that,
when he shall change his bill by the substitution
of another, which shall be the result of further
conference between him and those who concur
■with him upon the committee, he will give it to
us at such time as will afford abundant oppor-
tunity to all to look into all its features. If that
bejiis intention, I am satisfied.
Mr. CAMPBELL; of Ohio. Of course it is
due to my colleague on the Committee of Ways
and Means that 1 should respond to his Question.
The session is now nearly half gone. I intend,
and I have no doubt it is the intention of a ma-
jority of the Committee of Ways and Means, to
report a matured measure in such a way as to
give gentlemen a fair opportunity of investiga-
ting its perks. And now I ask my colleague
whether it is the purpose of the minority to pre-
sent at some early period some scheme upon
which they intend to stand, in order that we of
the majority may have an opportunity of inves-
tigating its merits? and if so, whether he intends
to report a scheme such as is contained in the
bill he abandoned yesterday, and which discrim-
inates for the protection of certain articles of
manufacture? or whether he intends to adoptthe
bold and fearless policy foreshadowed in the
proposition of the honorable gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Boyce?]
Mr. LETCHER. Whenever the majority of
the Committee of Ways and Means present us a
proposition upon which they mean to stand or
fall in this controversy, we will present our sub-
stitute for it. But, sir, we cannot present that
substitute here for a proposition which they an-
nounce in advance that they intend to abandon.
Would it be fair to expect us now to present one
in which we are united and upon which we mean
to fight in this contest, when, after it is presented,
and after discussion is had, gentlemen intend to
withdraw the proposition for which it is offered
as a substitute, and offer a new one?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I do not think
that the gentleman from Virginia intends to place
us in a false position.
Mr. LETCHER. Certainlynot.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The majority of
the Committee of Ways and Means do not intend
to abandon the principle of their report, which
extends the free list. There are some two hun-
dred items placed on tho free list. It may be that
during the course of the discussion on this ques-
tion, it will be necessary here and there to take
out an item, or to insert one. We have not aban-
doned the proposition of swelling the fee list.
Mr. LETCHER. I understand, as I said be-
fore, that my colleague, who has charge of this
bill, has a general proposition which he announces,
by means of which duties are to be reduced. But,
sir, while he presents one branch of that general
proposition, in the shape of a single section to a
bill creating a free list, he announces to us at the
same time in his remarks, that he intends to in-
troduce another section, rearranging the sched-
ules, and reducing the duty so as to leave the
revenue within the wants of the Government eco-
nomically administered. How is this reduction
to be brought about? Is there any man in the
House who understands any one of the single
provisions which this second section of the bill
is to contain? Is there any one who knows how
St is proposed to reduce the amount of labor in
the custom-houses, anil thereby to dispense with
the number of employes? Then, sir, what 1 say
is this: that he who is the leader in this matter
should play to us his whole hand. Let us see
how he proposes to alter the schedule. Let us
'see what that general principle is, so that we
may examine and investigate it; and whenever it
comes to that, we will present our proposition as
we intend to stand upon it.
Now, one word more in regard to the free list.
My colleague tells us there are articles in that
free list—which number some two hundred—that
perhaps may be stricken out m the consideration
of this bill. But they can be stricken out here in
the committee during^ihe discussion, if such
should be the will of the committee. How is it,
however, with the second section? How is it, I
again ask, with that which he has referred to in
his remarks as to accompanying the bill with a
second section, the chief purpose of which would
be to simplify the collection of the revenue by
reducing the number of schedules, thereby lessen-
ing the expenses of the cuStom-houses, and still
further reducing the revenue of the country ? Then,
sir, there is another thing. When these sched- !
ules are abolished, who in this House knows >
where the items embraced in these schedules are j
to go ? Are they to go to the thirty per cent, list, j
or to the ten per cent., or to the eighty per cent., j
or to the one hundred per cent. ? Where are they !
to go? Now I do think, with all respect for my 1
colleague on theeommittee, who, I' know, means
to do what is right in this matter, that he ought
to draw up that second section, present it here, I
and let us see exactly what will be changed in it, j
so that every one may understand, in supporting l
this bill, what he is doing, and may be able to ;
compare it with the bill which we will present as '
a substitute.
Mr. ORR. If my colleague [Mr. Kettt] will
yield the floor, I move that the committee do now
rise.
Mr. WHEELER. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw that motion, to enable me to offer an
amendment to the tariff bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Gentlemen had
better offer their amendments in the House, and
have them printed. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union can make no order as to
printing.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair can only state
to the committee that no amendment is now
strictly in order, if objection be made.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I propose that they j
offer them in the House, and have theni printed, i
Tho CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ob- j
ject to their being offered here ? I
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no objec- j
tion to their being offered, but I have objection to j
their being ordered to be printed. |
Mr. ORR. The committee cannot order the i
printing. |
Mr. FLORENCE. I intimated to the com- j
mittee yesterday my purpose to offer an amend- !
: ment, and I presumed thaf it had been received j
by the committee. I find, however, on referring j
to the report in the Globe, that it was not so re- !
cciyed, out that I was regarded as simply indi-
cating my purpose to offer it. Now, I desire that
it may be offered as an amendment at the proper
time; and if this be the proper time, I ask leave
to offer it now.
The CHAIRMAN. This is not the proper
time; and the committee cannot order the print-
ing. ;
Mr. FLORENCE. Ay; but that is already I
done. That snake is scotched. [Laughter.] The i
amendment has been ordered to be printed bythe !
House—a superior body to this. |
Mr. Wheeler's amendment was reported, as j
follows: |
Jlnd be it farther enacted, That ale, beer, and porter, may !
be imported into the United States, either in glass or wood, :
in any quantity; and that any law inconsistent with the i
provisions of tins section be, and the same is hereby, i
repealed. I
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I object. J
Mr. ORR. I«move that the committee do now i
rise. |
Mr. STANTON. I ask the gentleman from
South Carolina to withdraw that motion for a
few minutes.
Mr. ORR. For what purpose ?
Mr. STANTON. I wish to occupy the atten-
tion of the House for five minutes; and I will then
renew the motion for the committee to rise.
Mr. ORR. I am disposed to accommodate the
gentleman from Ohio, but I do not know whether
my colleague [Mr. Keitt] would lose the floor
or not.
Mr. STANTON. Certainly not. I do not
desire*to make a speech, but merely to occupy the
attention of the committee for a few minutes.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Penysylvania. As the
amendment offered by the gentleman from New-
York [Mr. "Wheeler] is only to be printed and
referred"to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, I withdraw my objection.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee has no
power on the subject in reference to printing the
amendments.
Mr. ORR. If it be the desire of the committee
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton]
should go on and make his remarks, I will with-
draw my motion for the committee to rise.
Objection was made.
Mr. ORR. Then i insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Cobb, of
Georgia, having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Haven reported that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union had had
under consideration the Union generally, and par-
ticularly the special order of the day, House bill
No. 666, reducing the duties on imports, and for
other purposes, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire to have the
amendment printed which I have just offered in
committee; and I ask the consent of the House
for that purpose.
Mr. THORINGTON. I object.
Mr. STANTON. I move to postpone the
further consideration of the special order till this
day week.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That motion
cannot be entertained unless by unanimous con-
sent.
Objection was made.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the House
that it had passed
An act (H. R. No. 581) making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for the
year ending 30th June, 1858, with an amend-
ment, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House; and
An act (S. No. 502) to amend an act granting
public lands in alternate sections to the State of
Alabama, to aid in the construction of ceitam
railroads in said State.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT SPRINGFIELD, ILL.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That tlie Secretary of the Treasury be re-
quested to uil'orm this Hou-.e whether any cliangc or mod-
ification is required by the public interests m the con.-truc-
tion or size of the building to be erected at Springfield,
Illinois, under the net approved August 18, 1856.
MILITARY ACADEMY EILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
House take up from the Speaker's table a bill
(H. R. No. 581) making appropriations for the
support of the Military Academy for the year *
ending the 30th of June, 1858, with the amend-
ment of the Senate thereto; and that it be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
INVALID PENSION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
House take up and act on the Senate amendment
to a bill (H. R. No. 582) making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and. other pensions of
the United States for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1858.
The motion was agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
In the following paragraph strike out" $424,000," and
in lieu thereof insert " $569,600
" For pensions to widows of those who served in the rev-
olutionary war, under the third section of acts of 1th July?
1833; 7th July, 1838; 3d March, 1843; 17th Juno, 1844;
2d February, and 29th July, 1848; and .second section act
of 3d February, 1853, $424,000."
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The amendment
