1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
is necessary in order to correct an error whicli
occurred m the estimates of the Commissioner of
Pensions. The Committee of Ways and Means
are satisfied it ought to be concurred in. If it is
desired, I can send to the Clerk's desk the Com-
missioner's letter, to be read for the information
of the House.
Mr. GARNETT. This seems to be an extraor-
dinary mistake, and I ask that the letter of the
Commissioner be read.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Pension Office,. January 7, 1857.
SIr : In submitting ray estimate for paying pensioners for
the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1838, several clerical
errors occurred, as follows:
Under the act of 4th July, 1836, the amount required for
paying pensioners now on the roll is* $11,600, anil not
$116,000, as rcpoited, making the total amount required for
the above, and for an ears, #.>1,600. (See page 241 of Esti-
mates of Appropriations forl&it*.)
The total amount required for paying pensions to widows
of revolutionary men, under the third section of the act of
4th July, 1836; July 7, 1P3«; Maich 3, 1843; 17th June,
1844; February 2, 1848; July 29,1848; and the second sec-
tion of the act of February, 1853, will be $569,600, making
an aggregate, for paying all Army pensionei s, of .91,321,220.
Respectfully bubmitted, GEO. C. WHITING,
Commissioner.
Hon. R. M. T. Hunter, Chairman Committee on Finance,
United States Senate.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment was con-
curred in; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
At the suggestion of Mr. FLORENCE, leave
was granted to those members desiring to present
amendments to the tariff bill, to send them in at
the Clerk's desk, in order that they may be
printed.
ALABAMA RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is on the Speaker's
table an act (S. No. 502) to amend an act grant-
ing public lands, in alternate sections, to the State
of Alabama to aid in the construction of certain
railroads in said State. I was not present when
that act passed; and instead of the charter name
of the company there was inserted only a descrip-
tive name. This bill is to correct that error, and
nothing more. I hope there will be no objection
to taking it up and putting it cm its passage.
Mr. TODD objected ;ana moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House (at
a quarter past three o'clock) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
"Wednesday, January 14, 1857.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and appro ved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of James
McDonnell, a carpenter in the Navy, praying to
be allowed full pay while superintending repairs
on board the United States steamer Michigan;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of citizens
of Mississippi, for the establishment of a mail
route from McLeod's to Bricldey, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of the
officers employed in the recent Arctic expedition
under Dr. Kane, praying for the same additional
compensation that has been allowed to those
engaged in other expeditions of a similar char-
acter; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. FISH presented the memorial of Jedediah
H. Lathrop, late Navy Agent, praying that he
and his sureties on his official bond may be re-
leased from certain judgments obtained against
them by the United States; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the administrator of John
F. Wray, on the files of the Senate, be leferred to the
Commtttee on Private Land Chums.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mi'i PRATT, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the memorial of
Alexander I. Atocha, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 504) for his relief; which
was read the first time, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (S.
No. 43) for the relief of Mary W. Thompson,
widow of the late Lieutenant Colonel Alexander
R. Thompson, of the United States Army, re-
ported it without amendment, and submitted an
adverse report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BROWN", from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was* referred the
bill (S. No. 498) incorporating the Metropolitan
Mechanics' Institute for the promotion of manu-
factures, commerce, and the mechanic arts, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Eliza Henley, widow of J. D. Henley, submitted
an adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed.
On motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Terntories be dis-
chaiged from the further consideration of the resolutions
of the Legislature of Kentucky inspecting Wolf Island, and
that they be referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PAPERS OF PUIG, Mill AND CO.
Mr. SLIDELL. Under a misapprehension, I
yesterday presented a resolution, which was
passed, calling on the Court of Claims to place in
possession of the Senate certain papers relating
to a claim. I have be-en informed that those
papers were referred to the Court of Claims by
the IIoufc of Representatives; I therefore move
a reconsideration of the resolution which I sub-
mitted yesterday:
Resolved, That the paper-* in the claim of Ping. Mir &
Co., heietofbre lefonod to the Courtof Chum<,be lettnned
to the Senate, and that tl:e\ be refeired to the Committee
on Commerce
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL. I now ask leave to withdraw
the resolution.
There being no objection, leave was granted,
and tlic resolution was withdrawn.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretaiy oftheTreasury be requested
to inform the Senate, the number of shares ot capital stock
of the IjOuisville and Portland Canal Company now belong-
ing to the United States, and alio of thoM.* owned by othci
persons or corporations; how,and by whom, the tolK levied
on the passage of vessels and property through the Louis-
ville and Poitland canal aie collected; the rates ot toJl;
the gross annual amount thereof since the 1st of January,
1850; the expenses of collection, superintendence, and
repairs, and the net revenue subject to division among the
stockholders ; also, by whom the aates of toll are now leg-
ulated, and generally all information which in his opinion
may be piomotive of proper legislation on the subjec£ of
said canal.
GEORGE WHITMAN'S PAPERS.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and.agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary ofi he Treasury he icq nested
to communicate all the papers and document* in the matte i
of the claim of George Whitman, which art1, now befoie the
Second Comptroller of the Treasury and Commissioner of
Customs, under the joint resolution of 113th ?.Iareh. lttf>6.
BLACK POINT LIGHT-HOUSE.
Mr. FOSTER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the necessity of erecting a hgiit-hoiwe on
Black Point, at the entrance of Niantie Bay, on Long Island
Sound, m the State of Connecticut, and that said com-
mittee have leatfe to report by bill or otherwise.
NAVAL DESERTIONS, ETC.
Mr. HOUSTON submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the President requested to inform the
Senate of the number of deserters hom the Navy since
the 28th of February, lSoS, and particularly of the deserters
from the crew of the steam-frigate Mornmac whilst com-
manded by Captain G. J. Pendergra-t. together with any
report or reports made to the Navy Department by said
Captain Fendergiast, of the causes of said de-eiuous.
Also, of the causes of the return from the Pacific squad-
ron of the captain and commander of the lYuate Inde-
pendence, and, more recently, the commander of the sloop
of war Decatur i together witfi <bopie$of all reports made
by the commander 'of tiie Pacific squadron or a v other
officer, in relation to either the said captain ctaeommawters';
and whether any, and what, action was taken by the Pres-
utent. or Secretary of the Navy, in reUuou to Commander
Gansevoort,of the sloop Decatur. Also, whether any other
officer of tiie Pacific squadron has been reported to
3\avy Department for dereliction or uri-ofllce'rhke conduct,
and if so, to furnish copies of the reports, together with a
statementofthe couise pursued by the Department towards
such derelict officer. And also, whether, since the return
ot the captain fiom the frigate Independence, ill the Pacific
ocean, an othcer of infet lor grade or rank has been se«t to
command that ship; and lfofinfenor grade, whether suck
couise was in consequence of any, ami what, difficulty in
finding a captain to order to command said frigate Inde-
pendence. And also, any report or reports from Captain
Mercer, of the Brazil squadron, m relation to the officers of
the biig Cambridge, while serving on the Brazil station :
and
Resolved,further, That the Secretary of the Navy be
requested to furnish the Senate with copies of any report
or loports from the commander of the East India squadion
m relation to the resignation of any commissioned officers
recently serving therein.
Mr. HUNTER. That may be all right; but
I think it would be better to let it lie over until
to-morrow, that we may have a chance to exam-
ine it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolution
will lie over under the rules.
BILI*g INTRODUCED.
Mr. WELLER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
50J) authorizing the construction of certain mil-  
itary roads in the Territory of New Mexico;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
503) to prevent malicious mischief, and protect
property in the District of Columbia; which was
read twico by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
RIVFRS IN MARYLAND.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Pratt, directing the Secretary of
War to compile for the Senate a map from Major
Abert's survey of the Patuxent river in 1824, antf
Major Kearney's survey of St. Mary's river, in
Maryland, in the same year, reported in favor
of the resolution, with an amendment directing;
five thousand extra copies of the map, when com-
piled, to be printed.
The Senate proceeded to consider the repoft".
Mr. JOHNSON. The whole map that will be
made is only four feet square. The information
which it will contain is deemed very valuable. It
will show the depth of water, and develop a state
of facts such as the committee believe ought cer-
tainly to be given to the public. The cost of the
work will be $1,924.
The amendment of the committee was adopted;
and the resolution as amended was agreed to.
TRANSPORTATION OV THE MAILS.
Mr. BIGLER. The Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, at its session yesterday
morning, agreed to report a bill on the subject
of transporting the United States mails. As a
minority of that committee, I dissent from the
! bill and from the recommendation it receives at
| the hand of the committee; and as it is a subject
of very peculiar interest, in some of its features,
to the people of my State, I offer my reasons for
dissenting from the recommendation of the com-
mittee, and I ask that they may be printed.
Mr. ADAMS. Let them be printed as a mi-
nority report.
The motion to print was agreed to.
MARY REESIDE.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that the Senate recon-
sider its vote of yesterday, on the bill for the
relief of Mary Reeside. I do not propose to have
this motion acted on now. I submit it to-day
under the rule, in order that it may be entered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to reconsider will be entered on the Journal^
LAND TO ALABAMA RAILROADS.
Mr. CLAY. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to introduce a bill which is designed
merely to correct a verbal error in an act passed
during the last session of Congress. It is a bill
to amend an act entitled "A" act granting public
lands in alternate sections to the State of Ala-
