824
THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
bama, fa aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads in said State," in which the railroad is
designated as the Central.railroad, from Mont-
gomery to some point on the Alabama and Ten-
nessee State line, in the dirsction of Nashville,
Tennessee, instead of the Tennessee and Ala-
bama Central railroad. The hill contains but a
single section, and I hope the Senate will con-
sider it and adopt it.
There being no objection, leave was granted to
introduce the bill, (S. No. 502,) which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. CLAY. It is so small a matter that I
hardly think it worth a reference. If the Secre-
tary will read the bill to the Senate, I do not think
there can be the slightest objection to its passage
now. I will remark that there is no conflict what-
ever between different interests in Alabama in
respect to this appropriation of public land. It
is simply to correct an error in the description of
the road to which the land was granted. In the
bill which passed last session in the absence of
the charter of the road, it was improperly de-
scribed. This merely corrects the style of the
road, and giveifits true style. I ask that the bill
may be passed at once. I do not suppose there
can be the slightest objection to it.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
.bill, which provides that the sixth section of an
act entitled an act granting public lands in alter-
nate sections to the State of Alabama, to aid in
the construction of certain railroads in said State,
approved the 2d June, 1856, be so amended that
in lieu of the words, " Central railroad, from
Montgomery, to some point on the Alabama and
Tennessee line, in the direction of Nashville,
Tennessee,'J the words, " Tennessee and Ala-
bama Central railroad," be substituted.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
IMPROVEMENT OF WESTERN RIVERS.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Committee on Com-
merce had referred to it at the last session, two
bills, entitled, the one (S. No. 460) a bill to pro-
vide for the improvement of the navigation of the
Missouri river by contract, and the other (S.No.
461) for the improvement of the navigation of the
Mississippi river by contract. - No report was
made at the last session on these two bills by the
committee, because we were unable to agree upon
the principles included in them. The proposition
was to advertise for contracts for the employment
of a certain number of boats and hands on the
western waters, with a view to the improvement
of the navigation by the removal of obstructions.
There were very great difficulties in the way of
such a system, and the matter was referred by
the Committee on Commerce to a sub-commit-
tee, which has had the subject under considera-
tion during the vacation. We have now perfected
what we deem to be the best system yet sug-
gested for the purposes contemplated in the two
Dills which were referred to us, and I am in-
structed by the committee to reporta bill as a sub-
stitute for those two, entitled " A bill making an
appropriation for the improvement of the Mis-
sissippi, Missouri, and Arkansas rivers by con-
tract." A written report to accompany this bill
would require so much labor and time as to place
it probably beyond the reach of Congress during
the present session. I desire, therefore, simply to
say in a very few words what is the principle on
which the bill is based, and to give notice that I
shall ask for its consideration at the very earliest
opportunity after it shall have been printed.
The Committee on Commerce have agreed on
this system: to have the western rivers divided
into convenient sections;to advertise for contracts
for the removal of all obstructions to navigation
in those sections; whether from stumps, snags,
sunken logs, wrecks, rocks, or other obstructions
of that character, situated in the main channels,
and ir; the channels leading to the different ports
and landings. The bill has been very carefully
guarded, and proceeds upon the principle that no
money is to be paid out upon any contract until
the entire work provided for in the contract shall
have been inspected and reported as completed,
by the officers of the corps of topographical en-
gineers, who shall be detailed for that purpose.
The bill includes appropriations which do not
January 14,
exceed $450,000 per annum, for live years. For
that sum, we have ascertained that contracts can
certainly be obtained by which the whole of these
western rivers can be kept entirely clear of those
obstructions which are now so destructive, both
to life and property. The committee anticipate
that, at the end of five years, for which the first
contract is to be entered into, when these rivers
are to be delivered up to the Government entirely
free from obstructions of every character, a con-
tinuous appropriation of one third of that sum
will, for the future, keep them clear.
I make these statements in relation to the out-
lines of the bill, in order to attract the attention
of Senators, as it is my intention to enter into the
matter somewhat in detail, when the bill shall be
taken up. I move that it be now read the first
time, and that it be printed.
The bill making an appropriation for the im-
provement of the Mississippi, Missouri, Ohio,
and Arkansas? rivers by contract, was read the
first time.
Mr. ADAMS. I suppose the reading of the
title of the bill is sufficient, and it can then be
printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The reading of the title
will suffice, as the bill will be printed.
The bill was ordered to a second reading, and
to be printed.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 581) making appropria-
tions for the supportof theMilitary Academy for
the year ending 30th of June, 1858.
Mr. HUNTER. The bill is strictly according
to estimate.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to offer an amend-
ment which 1 am directed by the Committee on
Military Affairs to present:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there shall be
appointed at the Military Academy, in addition to the pro-
fessors authorized by the existing laws, a professor of Span-
ish, at a salary of ®2,U00 per annum, and an assistant pro-
fessor of French at $1,230 per annum.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I have another amendment
from the Committee on Military Affairs:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the compensation
of the master of the sword be $1,800 per annum, with fuel
and quarters.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole were concurred in, and ordered to be
engrossed. It was also ordered that the bill be
read a third time; and it was read Ihe third time
and passed.
DEPARTMENT OP LAW.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there is
nothing further before the Senate, the Chair will
proceed to the general orders. The first general
order is the bill (S. No. 48) making an appro-
priation for the construction of a harbor at the
mouth o.f Muskegon river, in the State of Mich-
igan.
Mr. ADAMS. Some time since th'e bill to
organize a law department was made a special
order, and it has not been disposed of. I sup-
pose it will be entitled to precedence. My friend
from Alabama [Mr. Clay] is entitled to the floor
at one o clock on a different special order, and
of course I do not wish to interfere with him.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order which is entitled to precedence is the act to
provide for the settlement of the claims of the
officers of the revolutionary army, which will
come up at one o'clock. The Senator, if he
thinks proper, may ask that the bill to which he
alludes be taken up.
Mr. ADAMS. I move that all prior orders be
postponed, for the purpose of taking up the bill j
for the establishment of a department of law. !
I presume its consideration will take but little i
time. If it should occasion debate, we can post- 1
pone it to another day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order will supersede it at one o'clock.
*. ^-.r\ADAMS. If the Senator from Alabama
is willing to proceed now, I have no objection to
waiving this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. - The special
order cannot come up until one o'clock, unless
the Senate so order by a vote.
The motion of Mr. Adams was agreed to; and
the Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill (S. No. 347) to es-
tablish a department of law, and prescribe cer-
tain duties of the auditors and comptrollers of
the Treasury.
Mr. ADAMS. I find that my friend from
Maryland, [Mr. Pearce,] who has some amend-
ments which he wishes to make to this bill, is
not in his seat, and I ask, therefore, that it be
postponed until to-morrow, at half past twelve
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
HARBOR OF MUSKEGON.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. One of the
general orders, the bill which has been announced
by the Chair, making appropriations for a harbor
at the mouth of Muskegon river, in the State of
Michigan, is before the Senate for consideration.
Mr. STUART. Inasmuch as there are only
some fifteen minutes before the special order can
come up, there is not time to dispose of that bill;
and as I presume the Senator from Alabama ia
ready to speak, I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the special order.
The motion was agreed to.'
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
154) to provide for the final settlement of the
claims of the officers of the revolutionary army,
and of the widows and orphan children of those
who died in the service; the pending question
being on the motion of Mr. Pegh, to strike out
the fourth and fifth sections, which are as follows:
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the benefit of the
resolution of the 24th of August, 1780, shall hi' exEcuded to
the widows and orphan children of all officers who died in
the service at any period during the war of the Revolution,
whether such officers belonged to the Continental hoc, or
any volunteer corps called into service under the authority
of any State; but no payment shall be made mulci this
clause except to the widows and orphan children of such
deceased officers.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That surgeons' mates
shall be entitled to Ihe benefit of the resolution of the 17th
of January, 1781, and receive the same pay as hospital
physicians and surgeons.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, when I offered a
few remarks upon this bill on Monday of last
week, and indicated my desire to say something
more upon it the next day, it was with no inten-
tion of entering upon its general merits, but with
a view of commenting on certain features which
had not been adverted to in the previous debate.
Now that more than a week has transpired since
I took the floor, and I have lost much of the
freshness and fervor of my first thoughts upon
the subject, I feel less inclined to make an elab-
orate or lengthy argument. I shall endeavor to
compress my objections to this bill within as
short a space of time as will enable me to express
them. Indeed, sir, the insuperable objections to
this bill which have been urged with so much
force and clearness by the Senators from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs,] from Michigan, [Mr. SxirAr.t,]
and from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,] would render it
entirely unnecessary, in my opinion, for me to
add another word against it, had I not some con-
stituents interested in its passage, and had 1 not
been informed that the Legislature of the State
which I have the honor to represent, some years
since adopted resolutions requesting their Sen-
ators and Representatives to vote for a measure
of kindred character.
Sir, I can with pride and pleasure say, that no
constituent of mine has ever requested me to vote
for this bill. I have been unable to find the reso-
lutions which are said to have passed the Legis-
lature of the State of Alabama, and do not think
that such have ever been adopted. If any such
were adopted, I feel confident m saying that they
do'not express the will of a majority of the people
of that State, or of even a respectable minority.
The questions presented by this bill have never
been discussed before the people of Alabama,
or submitted to their decision. They are, as I
shall endeavor to show, novel, strange, original
questions. Sir, those resolutions, (if such were
passed,) like this bill, did not originate with the
people, nor with the proposed beneficiaries of
this bounty, nor with any State Legislature or
with Congress. They originated with claim-
