,1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S27
amount will be but $2,090,000. Buf when I
came to inspect the report of the Commissioner
of Pensions, I found that the tabular statement
conflicted throughout in every particular with his
report. They are totally variant and contradict-
ory.
Finding no name attached to this tabular state-
ment, and not being able to explain this strange
discrepancy, I went to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to ascertain the cause of it. The Secretary
told me that at the time these estimates were
made up and sent in, he was not in the city;
that the Chief Clerk, Mr. Whiting, the present
Commissioner of Pensions, was then acting as
Secretary ad interim. I went to the Commissioner
of Pensions, and made inquiry of him. When I
first called his attention to it he was amazed, and
said he would look into it; that he did not intend
to send this table here; but after a more careful in-
spection, After recurring to the files, he found that
out of a multitude of estimates which had been
kindly,patriotically,anddisintercstediyfurnished
by the claims agents and beneficiaries under this
bill for the inspection and assistance of the Sec-
retary of the Interiorand his subordinates—amid
this multitude of estimates crowded on him, one
was unintentionally slipped into the report, and
came here to the Senate under the authority, ap-
parently, of the Secretary of the Interior. It turns
out to be a fraud—I will not sav an intended fraud,
for I most certainly acquit the Secretary of the
Interiorand the Commissioner of Pensions of any
intention whatever to deceive. Neither will I say
that the author—the interested, calculating author
of this tabular statement did himself intend to
perpetrate a fraud upon us. I do not know what
his character for integrity may be, and I have no
right to impeach it; but it is an error arising out
of the pragmatical habits of lobby members of
Congress, who cannot permit the constitutionally
qualified members of the various departments to
discharge their duties without their kindly guard-
ianship and assistance.
I shall ask that the letter of the Commissioner
of Pensions explanatory of this strange discrep-
ancy be read to the Senate. Before it is read I
call the attention of the Senate to the indorse
ment on this paper. I shall not read the name,
because, as I remarked, I do not feel at liberty
to impute to the author of the table any intention
to deceive or to perpetrate a fraud; hence I shall
not call his name, but will read the indorsement,
in order to vindicate Mr. Whiting, the present
worthy Commissioner of Pensions, from any im-
putation or suspicion of doing wrong in this
matter. I find that he indorsed it—
"Revolutionary Officers. Table, showing the number
of officers, the amount of commutation originally issued,
and the probable amount of the allowance now to be made
by the bill passed by the House of Representatives July
1856."
Then underneath,
"The estimate of   , Washington, D. C., and left at
my instance. G. C. W.
" October 1,1856."
.Now, I ask the Secretary to read the letter.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Pension Office, January 9, 1857.
Sir.: In reply to your verbal inquiry this morning, as to
the discrepancies between the report of my predecessor of
December 2,1858, respecting the amount of money neces-
sary to pay the allowances proposed by Hou^e bill No. 154,
and the tabular statement printed by order of the Senate
with said report, X have the honor to inform you that the
communication by the Depaitmeiit of said statement with
the report was simply a rnwtake. The statement was one
among many of the unofficial suggestions made to the
Department upon this subject when the inquiry was insti-
tuted by tile Senate, and teas so indorsed, but inadvertently
copied with the official report of the Commissioner, and
communicated to the Senate therewith.
If the Public Printer bad printed the indorsement referred
to, this explanation would have been imneee<.saiy. As it
is, it must seem very clear that the statement has no con-
nection whatever with the report, as it assumes different
data, and presents an entirely different result.
I have the honor to be, verv respectfully, vour obedient
servant, GEOIIGE C. WHITING,
Commissioner.
Hon C. C. Clay, Jr., United States Senate.
Mr. CLAY. Now, I recur to the really au-
thentic information which we have from the De-
partment, in order to ascertain the amount that
will probably be disbursed under this bill—I recur
to the report of the Commissioner of Pensions.
But permit me to say, that there is such a striking
coincidence in the calculations of this spurious
table which has been foisted on us, and the calcu-
lations of the committee of the Senate and of the
House, that 1 can but fancv I discover thevoice
of Jacob and the hand of Esau" in both of them.
The Commissioner of Pensions takes up the
estimate of these two committees, and shows that
their bases are wrong, and that their conclusions
arc wrong. He proves, to my mind most con-
clusively and beyond doubt, that the amount
requisite to pay only two classes of pensioners
under this bill will exceed by double the amount
estimated by the committee. In the first place,
he shows that the committee are at fault in esti-
mating the number who will probably enjoy this
bounty. The committee exclude one half of all
the revolutionary soldiers for these reasons. They
say:
"An allowance of one half is made for the officers who
died within the ten years covered by the commutation al-
ready received, and for those who died without issue or
without any now in the degrees mentioned, and also for
claims which on other accounts may not be presented or
properly established."
The Commissioner says this allowance is
entirely conjectural; but the average age of the
officers at the close of the war was about thirty
yearfc. "This comparatively short age," he
says, {< renders more probable their own surviv-
orship) beyond the ten years covered by the com-
mutation received under the resolution of March,
1783." He says that, according to the estimates
in bills of mortality adopted by life-insurance
companies, the average expectancy of life at that
period would be twenty-eight years. He then
shows, by practical illustration, that that esti-
mate is not far from wrong, because he takes a
single State in which there were one hundred and
three revolutionary officers, of which he says:
" 1 have been furm.-hed with minutes from a very reliable
source, showing the times of death of forty-one officers of
the same State, on account of whose sei vices claims will
b.i made nndei tins hill, if it becomes a law. They consti-
tute no;uly one half of nil the officers of that State who
received commutation undei the original resolutions. A
calculation fiom those minutes makes an average life, after
the time their half pay commenced, of very near twenty-five
years."
Hence, while the committee take as their basis
of calculation an average period of ten years, the
Commissioner of Pensions, fortified by the author-
ity of the life insurance offices, and their bills of
mortality, and by actual illustration in the lives
of the officers of the Revolution, takes fifteen
years as an average period, making a difference
of course, at once, of fifty per cent, in the calcu-
lation.
Let me go further. The Commissioner calls
attention to the remarkable fact, illustrative of
the exceeding longevity of the men of our revo-
lutionary days, that, as late as the 15th of May,
1828, forty-five years after the close of the revo-
lutionary war, there were four hundred officers
who applied for the full pay under the act of the
15th of May, 1828, or about one fifth of the entire
number who took the commutation. The Com-
missioner says four hundred, but on inspecting
the rolls of the office, I find that the real number
was four hundred and thirteen. To show, as I
think beyond doubt, the error of the committee,
he makes a calculation—predicated on the prob-
ability that each of these officers (in consequence
of his extreme longevity, and his close approxi-
mation to this day) left a widow or descendant—
of the entire amount requisite to pay that class
alone who derived full pay under the act of May
15, 1828, and shows that to discharge the clairhs
of four hundred of them will require the sum
of $5,425,200. Suppose only two thirds apply
through their representatives, then it will take
$3,016,000 to liquidate the claims of two thirds
of only one fifth of the officers who took the com-
mutation. But if only one half of them should
have descendants or representatives within the
degrees specified within the bill to claim this
bounty, they will get $2,732,610-—more than is
estimated by the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims in the House of Representatives, as requi-
site to pay all classes, and quite as much as is
estimated by my honorable friend from South
Carolina as requisite to pay all classes.
I might advert to other points in this report
corroborating and fortifying the position which I
assume, that the committee are at least one hun-
dred per cent, below the real amount which will
be required to discharge these claims; but I will
not elaborate. I will call attention, however, to
one fact: that in all these calculations of the com-
mittee they only embiace a single class—those
who .will claim tlxe bountiefe of the Government
under the first, second, and third sections of the
bill. They omitany estimate for those who may
come under the fourth section, (being the widows
and children of officers, whether in the Conti-
nental line or in the volunteers, who died in the
service,) and make no estimate of that "preem-
inently meritorious class of surgeons' mates and
their descendants. The Commissioner, of Pen-
sions makes no estimate for the descendants of
those who fell in the battles of the Revolution;
but his estimate for the other classes shows an
amount of $5,314,250.
Mr. President, let me ask of Senators to recur
to that instance in the history of the estimates
of any department of this Government, based on
mere hypothesis, where the estimates have not
fallen short of the sum actually demanded?
When we are passing, at every session, defi-
ciency bills to supply demands exceeding the
estimates of the Departments, and when we are
assured by former Commissioners of Pensions
that frauds to a large amount exist—that perhaps
one sixth of all the pensions which have been
granted were fraudulently obtained, how can we
rest with any assurance upon even the estimate
of the Commissioner himself? How can we rely
with confidence on his supposition that it will
not require exceeding #5,300,000? Sir, if this
bill pass, I would hazard whatever reputation I
may aspire to as a political prophet, that it will
require fifty per cent, more than is estimated by
the Commissioner. I believe we may safely say
it will take $7,500,000, in order to liquidate the
claims which will be proffered; for Senators
should remember that it will require very little
Eroof in order to substantiate claims under this
ill. Those who accepted the commutation are
on the rolls of the Treasury Department. There
is no difficulty in ascertaining who they were.
Then, again, there are a large number who have
enjoyed pensions under special acts, or under the
act of 18X8, or the act of 1828, which embraced
those who had served throughout the war. Hence
there will be no difficulty in identifying the officer.
All the proof requisite will be his death, and the
relationship of the claimant.
And, Mr. President, to whom are these sums
to be paid? Not to the officers. I believe there
is not a solitary survivor among them on earth.
They have all descended to their graves. These
real objects of a nation's gratitude and a nation's
bounty are beyond the reach of pecuniary re-
ward. We can only honor their memories. To
whom are these testimonials of honor and of
gratitude to go? To those who have never ren-
dered any service, who have incurred no peril,
who have endured no suffering or privations, but
who are treated as substituted or succedaneous
beneficiaries of a bounty designed for their an-
cestors. These, not for their " noble deeds and
daring high "—not for any preeminent merit—not
for their exalted virtue, but for the mere accident
of birth, are to be created eleemosynary families
by inheritance. These, perhaps, unworthy de-
scendants of worthy sires, dishonoring their an-
cestral fame, and disgracing and doing habitual
wrong instead of good to their country, are to be
treated.as vicarious patriots and soldiers, entitled
to the nation's gratitude !
The wrong which was done the soldier for the
sake of the officer of the Revolution, is to be re-
peated to-day. We are to tax the descendants
of the soldier in order to create bounty for the
descendants of the officer. The sons of the sol-
dier are to pay homage and tribute to this priv-
ileged class, the sons of the officers. The sona
of the soldiers, for the sake of the sons of the
officers, are to be treated as if " born with sad-
dles on their backs," and the others "booted
and spurred to ride them."
Sir, in this country, titles, privileges, and
honors are not inheritable by the Constitutions
of the Union or the States. In the Bills of Rights
of most of the States of this Union, it is declared,
in substance, that no man, or set of men, are
entitled to separate, or exclusive emoluments or
privileges, except in consideration of public ser-
vices, and these are not descendable. Such is
the spirit of our Declaration^ of Independence and
of the Constitution of the United States. Such was
one of the principles for which the battles of the
Revolution were fought. We intended by that
Revolution to subvert and destroy the corrupt
