■m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
and effete system of England, by which industry
and virtue were made to pay tribute to vice and
idleness. But, sir, in violation and disregard of
this theoretic equality of the citizens of this coun-
try, it is now pro'posed to confer the real honors
and the supposititious emoluments of the heroes
of one classof the Revolution, upon their descend-
ants, and to exact tribute for them from the-
descendants of the other class. Sir, I will per-
petuate no such wrong.
What is the pretext for this gross inequality
and injustice ? Simply to make a bad bargain of
the ancestor a good bargain for his descendant.
The officers memorialized Congress to change the
half pay for life into a sum in gross, or payment
for a limited term of years. In compliance with
their request Congress passed the resolution of
1783.
But now we are told that the officers sought
this change under the pressure of public odium
and of pecuniary necessity, and therefore they
should not be required to stand by their bargain.
It is true that public opinion constrained them to
ask this change. It is true that public opinion
condemned and'denounced this act as the initia-
tion of a privileged class. Sir, public opinion
was right, as it generally is. If there be a different
public opinion now, it is because, by your legis-
lation, you have taught the people of this country
to look on this Government as a rich patron, and
certain persons or classes of persons in it as its
clients, for whom it must provide. It is because
you have taught them to look upon certain classes
as ravens of the Government aviary, who are
to be fed when they cry "Give!" It is true
that public opinion did constrain the officers to
seek this change; but who ever heard that public
opinion constituted such duress as should relieve
a man from his contract? What law — what
dictum of any judge, ever maintained that a plea
of duress, per public opinion, was good to avoid
a contract? What casuist ever maintained that a
man was not morally responsible for acts done
under the influence of public opinion? Public
opinion, it is true, is a sovereign—the only sov-
ereign in this land before whose decrees the pride
of fortune and the power of station are forced to
bow in humble submission. This sovereign we
cannot depose, but we may corrupt.
If we love the institutions of this country, and
would have them preserved—if we esteem the
principles of our Revolution, and would vindi-
cate them by our governmental practice, let us
adopt no such measure as this to degrade the
' public mind, and to deprave the public heart.
But we are told the officers were constrained
by their pecuniary necessities. This appears to
me to be a more absurd assertion than the former.
What did they petition Congress to do? To
change the half pay for life to a sum in gross, or
payment for a limited term of years, thereby
giving the election to Congress either to vote them
agrosS[Sum,or annual payment for a limited time.
The half pay for life would be paid annually, and
payment for a limited term of years would be paid
annually. Shortening the term did "not quicken
the payment or expedite their relief. Hence the
palpable absurdity of this assertion.
But, sir, we are told the election was given t®
the lines and not to individuals, and hence there
was no individual free-will in this matter. Let
those who make this assertion point out those
officers who were opposed to the change, who did
not memorialize Congress, and did not, after the
adoption of the resolution for commutation in
1783, vote to accept it in lieu of half pay, and I
will vote some compensation to them or their chil-
dren. Show those that neither memorialized Con-
gress, nor voted in the lines to accept full pay
for a term of years in lieu of half pay for life, but
yet accepted the commutation, and with some
plausibility they might urge their claim as not
having exercised free-will in their election. But
until Senators do this, they do not speak for the
officers of the Revolution; they cannot speak for
them; they speak for a minority—an inconsid-
erable minority of the officers of the Revolution;
for we do know, by the testimony of men who'
saw, and were a part of, the things done in that
Revolution, that a large majority in the lines
voted for the change.
Mr. President, I come now to remark upon
what I regard as the most iniquitous of all the
features of this bill, and I invoke the particular
attention of the Senate, especially the advocates
of the bill, to what I may say; for I shall pro-
pound some questions to them that I have not
been able, to answer to my satisfaction, and which,
with due deference to their ability, I think they
cannot answer to the satisfaction of the public.
Are there none who have received half pay for
life ? Yes, sir, the committee concede this, and
with a just appreciation of the utter groundless-
ness of any claim on their part for future bounty
from this Government, they have excluded them
in the ninth section of the bill, which says:
" This act shall not extend to the case of any officer, or
Ins representative, who lias received half pay for life under
any special act."
Why did the committee limit and narrow their
exclusion of those who have enjoyed half pay
from the bounty proposed in this bill, by the
term "special?" I hope some member of that
committee will answer this question, if not now,
when I have concluded. I take it, that the word
" special" is used here as synonymous with pri-
vate legislation for the individual benefit of per-
sons designated byname. Why did they limit
their exclusion to this class ? If any have received
half pay under any general bill, are they not within
the reason of the ninth section of this act? If a
captain of infantry, for example, received twenty
dollars per month, which was his half pay, under
a general act, (for instance, that of 1818,) should
not he be excluded from this bounty as well as a
captain who received half pay under a special act
passed for his individual benefit' To a man
whose mind is unsophisticated by State secrets,
or the mysteries of legislation, it would seem
that they stood on the same ground, and should
be governed by the same rules; and yet I find
under this bill the committee admit to its bounty
all who have enjoyed half pay under a general
act, and. exclude from its bounty all who have
enjoyed half pay under a special act.
There is another class who arc embraced within
the benefits of this bill, who have received much
from this Government—yea, the largest sums of
any of our pensioners. I allude to those who
have enjoyed full pay for life, under the act of
15th May, 1828, which was to begin from the 3d
of March, 1826. Why are they embraced in the
bill, as entitled to the bounty of this Government,
and those who received half pay under a special
act excluded? Why should those who have
received a double portion be permitted to enjoy
yet more of the bounty of the Government, while
those who have had only half a portion shall
have no more ? These discriminations are inex-
plicable. They cannot be justified. I have sought
for some reason for them in vain. I have sought
for a pretext, and perhaps I have found one.
The resolution of the 21st October, 1780, prom-
ised half pay to those who served till the close of
the war. I suppose the committee thought there
was a literal compliance with the resolution in
giving half pay under a special act, but there was
not a literal compliance in giving them full pay—
for that was twice as much as was promised by
the resolution of 1780—and that nothing more or
less than half pay will satisfy the claims of the
officers, and vindicate the national faith. The
committee stick in the bark.
Bui, sir, badinage aside, I really suppose—and
it is the most charitable conclusion—that the
c6mmittee must have formed that ninth section
ignorantly or inadvertently. They must have
been ignorant, it seems to me, at the time they
framed that section, of the act of the 15th May,
1828, giving full pay for life to those officers who
served to the close of the war. When I impute
ignorance of the pension laws to any member on
this floor, I do not think 1 am impeaching his
general intelligence or questioning his capacity
as a lawyer;' for the pension law is not a system; I
it has no method, and it observes no fixed rales.
It is an amorphous, distorted mass of legislation,
framed rather by caprice than by reason, and
rather to gratify personal partialities than to
render even-handed justice. I say the commit-
tee surely were ignorant of the act of the 15th of
May, 1828, when they formed this bill, and es-
pecially this ninth section. If they were not, I
trust they will explain to my satisfaction and
that of the Senate and the country, this singular
f which has been shown the recipients
of fultpay under a general act, and disfavor of
the recipients of half pay under a special act.
This class, as I remarked before, have received
most at the hands of the Government. They are
the class to which 1 alluded ten days ago in a few
remarks, when I said that the bill provided best
for those who had been already thrice paid for
their revolutionary services. Sir, it does provide
best for them, not as a reward for their length of
service, or their merits, but for their longevity
They outlived any other class, and therefore
according to the chronometrical standard of the
committee, they.ought to have most pay. The
longer they lived to accumulate property for them-
selves and their families, and the larger the store
of this world's goods they left their children, the
greater their need ofGovernmentbounties. There
are some such children who, though livin°- in
palaces, clothed in purple and fine linen, °and
faring sumptuously every day, are pressing the
passage of this bill with all the pertinacious im-
portunity of Spanish beggars. And I dare say
that, like the Spanish beggars, when reproached
with asking alms while they have horses to ride,
these men, if taunted with their possessions,
would reply: " The greater need to beg."
That class have been, I say, thrice paid. First,
they took their commutation of five years'full
pay. Then, under the act of 1818, (which was
the first general pension law passed by any Con-
gress of the United States under the present
Constitution,) they got half pay for life, not
exceeding the half pay of a captain of infantry.
If any one of them happened to be in some sub-
ordinate rank, such as first or second lieutenant,
or ensign, he got more than he would have been
entitled to under the resolve of 1780—more than
the half pay of his rank. Even that act," at that
late day, excited such general indignation through-
out the country, because of the participancy in
its bounties of men of' large fortunes, that in 1820
Congress passed a supplementary act limiting it
to those who were indigent. Hence it has been
called the " Indigent Act." A man had to render
a schedule of his property, and make oath that it
was true; and on that being submitted to the
Secretary of War, his name was registered on
the pension roll, if the Secretary thought he had
not enough to live'on without the aid of Govern-
ment. But if the Secretary thought he had means
for his support, his name was stricken off They
got half pay under this act, and, if under the rank
of captain, they got more than their own half
pay.
Then came the act of 1828, which gave full
pay, beginning from the 3d of March, 1820.
Those who got full pay under that act, and h.ilf
pay under the act of 1818, and the commutation
of March, 1783, if surviving to this day, have
gotten already more than their half pay would
have realized them if the resolution of 1780 had
been carried out, as any gentleman will see by
a simple arithmetical calculation. But perhaps
none of them survive to this dqy; and, indeed, 1
believe that none of them do. Then let it be
remembered that, under pension laws which we
have passed, the widows, if any, of these officers,
enjoyed the same bounty of the Government; and
by some acts this bounty commenced at the death
of the husband. So that, at this day, there may
be cases upon the pension roll of officers who
took their commutation of five years' full pay,
who took half pay under the act of 1818, who
took full pay under the act of 1828, beginning
the 3d of March, 1826, and since their deaths,
whose widows have been enjoying this bounty
of a full-pay pension from the date of the hus-
band's death; yet, under the wise and just dis-
criminations of this bill, their widows may get
the further bounty of half pay for thirty-three
years!
Sir, this is the merest mockery of gratitude
and justice. If this bill become a law, it will be
a reproach to the legislation of Congress. It will
inevitably invoke upon the heads of its authors
that storm of scornful indignation which was
visited upon the authors of the resolve of 1780.
This measure is more inequitable than that re-
solve. Again, I repeat, let the advocates of this
bill explain, if they can, this palpable inequality,
injustice, and iniquity. Let them tell us why they
have been careful to exclude half-pay pensioners
under any special act of Congress, and careful to
admit half-pay or full-pay pensioners under a
general act of Congress.
I think, Mr. President, I can give a solution of
