fm WNGRESSIOMAL «LOSE.
January 14,
and smuijjing the same reasons for granting relief,
c<?ftQl^4e by recommending the proposition now
jasde to pay aa,ch of the said officers half pay
from- the cessation of hostilities to the close of his
life, deducting the fujl nominal amount .of the
eom.$iuta,ti<?n certjj(icsae.
The foyrth application .which was made was jn
Jlay, J82®. In' 1821} the committee suggest two
males for the filial settlement of these claims;
the first, that .above, proposed in 1819; and sec-
ondly, that C,o,ngre£s snould proceed upon tlie
equitable circumstances of the cape, and pay such
"a specific' sum ratably among the .oncers, ac-
cording to their rank, and the resolves of Con-
gress, as may appear reasonable and just."
The fifth a d last application came in 1828, and
then the committee review the same ground,
aslign the same reasons for the relief, and con-
clude by proposing ah alternative, adopting one
of two provisions for their relief and the satisfac-
tion of their-claims—either to give them " a spe-
cific sum, which they say is to be a final dischmge of
all claims;" or to give them half pay for life,
deducting the commutation. Congress adopted
neither of these .propositions; but it agreed, in-
stead of these, to pay them full-pay pension for
life, to begin from the 3d of March, 1826. Thus
we see, sir, that, according to the report of the
committee, the bill of 1828 was adopted expressly
in satisfaction of this very claim here again pre-
ferred for the half pay promised under the resolve
of 17Q0. I need not read the testimony of the
framers and authors of that bill to establish this
fact; it is patent on the face of the act itself. Its
title is " An act for the relief of certain surviving
officers and soldiers of the army of the Revolu-
tion." The first section is—
" That each of the surviving officers of the army of the
Revolution, in the Continental line, who was entitled to half
Vay by theiesolve of October SI, 1780, be authorized to
receive out of any money in the Treasury not otherwiso
appropriated, the amount of his lull pay in said line, accord-
ing to his rank in the line, to begin on the 3d of March,
1826, and to continue during his natural life," &c.
Thus it is seen that this provision embraced
only that class of officers who were promised
half pay for life by the resolve of 1780, and ful-
filled their part of the contract, so called, by
serving to the end of the war. It was expressly
for the benefit of that very class of officers who
are proposed to be your chief beneficiaries under
tin's bill; and yet this class, having been tendered
this bounty in satisfaction of their claim, having
'accepted it, having enjoyed their full pay during
their lives, having transmitted by virtue of acts
of Congress their half pay to their widows who
may have survived th?m to this day in the en-
joyment of this full pay — the representatives
with certain degrees of this class are now to come
forward and be paid a fourth time, after having
already realized more than they would have en- '
joyed if the half pay resolve of 1780 had been
■carried into effect. Am I not fortified by facts
in mining the assertion, that this bill proposes to
giye most to those who have already been paid
most—kliat it proposes to pay most to those who
have already been thrice paid for their services ?
MivPresident, I will not indulge in any further
remarks on this bill. I shall test, however, the
justice and the equity of its advocates by an
amendment proposing, as they have excluded all
•who have received half pay under any special act,
to exclude all who have received half pay, or full
pay, under any general act. If they do not ac-
cept that amendment—if they pass this bill with-
out amendment m its present shape, they may
call in vain on the august shade of Washington
to screen them from the rays of the indignant,
scornful wrath of tlie-Amenan people. It is, as
I have said before, the most monstrous, unjust,
iniquitous measure, in the shape of a pension bill,
which has ever been proposed m Congress.
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire. Mr. Pres-
ident, I am one of the members of this body who
feel it to be their duty to vote for this bill, and I
desire at no great length to state the reasons
which bring my mind to a conclusion favorable
to it. In the first place, let me say, that I by no
means regard this bill as perfect. I have no
doubt that it is open to some of the objections
and contains some of the defects which have been
pointed out by the gentlemen who have so ably
opposed it. I should have deemed it more just
ana more consistent with itself, if it had extended
the provisions it contains, not only to the children
and grandchildren, but, in the form in which it
originally received the sanction of the Senate, to
all the descendants of the individuals entitled to
its benefits. I should have deemed it more just
and more equitable if, instead of deducting from
the provision njade for those whom it embraces,
the amount of the face of the commutation cer-
tificates that the revolutionary officers received,
it had deducted only the money actually received
by them, which in most instances constituted but
a very small fraction of the sum nominally due.
Other changes might have been made, and the
bill .might have been improved in .other respects,
according to my view. But here it is m its
present shape; and although it does not extend
all the justice that I think it should, I will not
refuse what it does offer.
Many objections are urged, which I do not
think apply. For instance, the Senator from
Alabama undertakes to state, as one of the diffi-
culties in his mind in relation to the passage of
this bill, that it contains a provision for parties
who have been already amply provided for by
the act of 1828. I cannot agree to his construc-
tion of this bill. I think it clear, that without
express words of exclusion, the first section does
not at all embrace the parties who received that
provision; and it requires no such amendment as
he suggests to exclude them.
Mr. President, I support this bill because I
think its passage is called for by the highest con-
siderations of justice and right. 1 feel strength-
ened in this conviction when I look at the past
action of both Houses of Congress on this sub-
ject; and when I find reports of committees of
each branch, after a careful examination of the
whole case, recommending the passage of such a
measure as this — committees who acted under
circumstances more favorable to an arrival at the
truth of the case than now exist, because they
acted while many officers of the Revolution sur-
vived, and were able to set history right. When
I have their authority to rest upon, and when I
have before me the action of Congress in the
form of a law«passed in 1828, which recognizes
this right of the revolutionary officers, which
could have been passed upon no other ground
than the justice of their claim—and that law was
open to most of the objections now brought
against the present bill — I feel that I can rest
with great confidence upon the opinion which I
have expressed.
It is said that the officers of the Revolution
themselves assented to the commutation resolu-
tion of 1783. I have been unable to bring myself
to the conviction that there ever was any such
assent, or any assent at all under circumstances
that exonerate the Government of the United
States from its obligation At any rate, be that
fact as it may, I am unable to convince myself
that the Government of the United States has
ever performed in good faith its part of the con-
tract. When I speak of good faith here, I do
not refer to the intentions of the Congresses that
at different times passed upon the measure; but
I say the United States never fully performed
what "they offered and held out to the officers by
the commutation resolution. Believing that there
never was any full and free assent which could
exonerate the Government, but that on the other
hand the Government has not performed its part
of the contract—for I deem it a contract of the
most binding characterthink this bill is
founded on the strongest considerations of equity
and justice. In considering this question, we
should not lose sight of the relation in which the
parties stood to each other when the contract was
made. On the one side, was the Government
of the country, on the other side were its citizens
—a position most unequal; we can hardly con-
ceive one more so. These officers might well be
discouraged by the failure of their repeated appli-
cations to the justice of their country They had
found that throughout the whole course of the
war they had been unable to procure a settlement
of their accounts and an adjustment of the bal-
ances due them. All their pay up to that period
had been given to them in a depreciated currency.
When you look at these circumstances, and see
that this was an offer made by the Government
to its citizens, who could impose no terms upon
it, who could neither coerce nor compel it to do
them justice, it seems to me the Government is
called upon now, when it has an opportunity to
revise the whole matter, to reconsider this con-
tract and its construction, by every consideration
to do it in the most liberal and generous spirit. '
It has been repeatedly stated in the course of
the debate, that there is no legal rig-lit on behalf
of these officers. I hardly understand what is
meant by legal right when you come to predicate
that term of the relations between citizens and
their Government. If the meaning be that there
is no rule of law by which the Government feels
itself bound, it is certainly true. In regard to
this and all other claims against the Government
there is no strict legal right. Governments, in
deciding such questions, are bound not only to
regard the legal rights of the individual, his rights
under contract with the Government, but they
are bound to take a wider survey and to look to
the interests of the people, the condition of the
Treasury, a,nd the good of the whole, which is
said to be the supreme law*of the country. In
this case, it is undoubtedly true, that neither the
officers of the revolutionary army nor any other
citizens at that day or since, ever had any claim
which they could enforce against the Government
of the United States. The Government could
always prescribe its own terms, and to those
terms the citizen must yield. •
In 1778, the officers of the army who should
serve during the War were promised half pay for
seven years. It was offered them because it had
been found by experience that the promise of the
poorly paid compensation of those officers, paid
to them in worthless paper, was insufficient to
secure their further' continuance in the service.
There were daily resignations. 1 shall not follow
the Senator from New York [Mr. Seward] in a
recital of various communications of the Com-
mander-in-Chief to Congress, in which he set forth
those resignations, and the danger that they might
lead ultimately to a dissolution of the army. I'he
danger was imminent and pressing—felt to be so
by Congress—felt to be so by the Commander-in-
Chief. We see, from some of the letters ofWash--
ington, that they were reduced to such distress,
and brought to such straits, that officers were
often compelled to keep their quarters for the
want of decent clothing with which to appear on
parade, or meet their fellow-officers on other oc-
casions. It was a period of great hazard and great
distress, and was felt to be so by everybody.
In this condition of things, Congress passed
the resolution of 1780, offering to this class of
officers half pay for life from the conclusion of
the war. The question now arises, was not that
resolution a binding contract between the Gov-
ernment on the one side, and the officers on the
other? What did it lack of the elements of a
contract? The pay was to be given to them for
services which they had already performed, and
for services which they were to perform until
the close of the war. It was promised, to them
because it was ascertained that the army could
not be kept together with the poorly paid com-
pensation given to these officers in depreciated
money. This fact does not detract from the
patriotism of the officers. I cannot agree with
the Senator from Alabama in his idea of patriot-
ism. I do not believe that patriotism requires a
man to make every sacrifice, pecuniary and oth-
erwise, to allow his fortune to be wasted, and
his own family to be distiessed and ruined. It
was found to be necessary to enter into a new
contract with the officers to secure their services.
Under this belief, Congress made the new con-
tract of 1780, promising half pay for life.
It was found, until the active operations of the
war ceased, that this new contract between the
officers and the Government answered its intended
purpose. The officers remained in the service.
Resignations to a very great extent ceased. To-
wards the close of active operations, however, it ,
was found, not that there was a general howl
of indignation, as one might infer from some
remarks which have been made here, aimed at
the officers and at Congress for having made
this provision for them for life, but there was
some degree of dissatisfaction—some complaint
on the part of individual States. The complaint
was but partial, as appears from the historical
accounts which we have received. It was said
that this system was an attempt to ingraft on our
country some of the odious features of the English
pension system—that it was creating something
like a privileged order. How, then, did these
