1061
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJE.
m
officers stand ? Wtiai was their hope of securing
that which was, to some extent I acknowledge,
an odious and partially unpopular provision?
Thev knew well that Congress directly possessed
no means of providing funds for the payment of
the promised half pay for life. Congress could
act in that matter only by requisitions made on
the several States. However partial the feeling of
discontent might be, though it might extend over
only a small portion of the States, the officers well
knew, that as long as such a feeling existed to any
extent, the probabilities of their being able to pro-
cure this provision were unpromising indeed.
While this state of dissatisfaction existed—while
this provision was to some extent unpopular,
they knew that it was a matter of extreme doubt,
to say the least, whether it would be in their
power to secure the benefits of the half-pay pro-
vision. Underthis idea a portion of the officers—
not the whole army, according to the historical
evidence, but a portion of the lines of some part
of the army—applied to Congress—for what ? Did
they apply for paper money ? Did they, as has
been suggested here, apply for the prccise pro-
vision which Congress afterwards made for them ?
Not atall. What they asked for—it is so recited
in their memorial—was an equivalent for the half
pay by a sum in gross, or a compensation for a
limited term of years. It was for that that they
petitioned Congress. Congress passed such a
law as it thought proper. Itdoes.notappearthat
any officer of the revolutionary army was con-
sulted in regard to the language of the enactment
made by Congress on that occasion. Being the
supreme power in the State, they adopted such
provisions as they thought proper, which, while
they did some measure of justice to^he officers,
would notembarrass the Treasury m the reduced
condition in which it then was.
Now, what was that law of 1783? I think it
has been misunderstood. Was it a provision
■ that the officer should simply take the promises
of the Government at that periodp Not at all.
Ho was promised "securities." What is im-
plied in the idea of a security issued by any Gov-
ernment? If that Government acts on the ordi-
nary principles of honesty and good faith, it is
implied that provision is to be made to meet the
annual accruing interest on that debt, and ulti-
mately to redeem the principal. Nothing short
of that can be regarded as security. These offi-
cers then held thousands of unredeemed and irre-
deemable Continental money for their monthly
pay, standing in the same condition ii\ that re-
spect as the private soldiers, whose hard condi-
tion has been set forth, and whose case I certainly
feel to be a Iv&rd one. The idea that the officers
standing in this condition, knowing that they had
Continental money on which they could obtain
nothing, meant, when they applied for compen-
sation for a short term of years, or a sum in gross,
that they were to be satisfied with the same
worthless paper, and that it was to be deemed a
security, without any provision for the payment
of interest or the redemption of the principal,
strikes me as in the last degree absurd and untena-
ble. They never contracted to take their pay in
that mode. It is preposterous to suppose that men
-whoalready held thesecuritiesoftheGovernment,
if securities are to be understood in that sense—
men whoheld the paper of the Government, which
.was becoming every day more and more worthless,
-and for which they ultimately obtained not more
than one per cent.—meant, by agreeing to accept
securities from the Government, to take more
paper, without any provision being made for pay-
ment, either of principal or interest. They were
to bc securities with which the men could support
themselves. They were to be securities with
which they might enter*on the business of civil
life. They were to be something by which they
.could relieve their present necessities. This is
what they intended by securities, and this is the
only kind of security that any honest Govern-
ment can ever offer to its citizens. It is true they
were to take the same securities as the other cred-
itors of the Government; but itfs not to be for-
gotten that they were at the same time to take
securities as an equivalent for what they already
held the promise of the Government to pay them;
and what they petitioned for was a gross sum, or
something on which they could realize money to
answer their present occasions, and relieve their
present necessities.
It ts said, however, -that although this paper
might have been insufficient as mere paper to
answer the promise of the Government, or the
reasonable expectations of these officers, still they
have assented to receive it, and they are bound
by that assent. When I look back to the history !
of that transaction, it is somewhat astonishing '
to me on what slender evidence the fact of any
assent on the part of the revolutionary officers
rests. I believe it is to be found in a single sen-
tence of a report of the Secretary of War, made,
I think, in November, 1783, in which he states
that the officers of certain lines in the Army had
assented to receive the commutation. There is
not the slightest evidence that the officers of the
southern army, or that the officers of the several
oerps, who did not constitute any part of the lines
of the States, and who were also to decide by
a-majority vote, ever assented to it. No record
evidence exists that any formal vote was ever
taken, or any return or report made to the Gen-
eral Government, on behalf of the officers of those
troops, that they assented to the commutation.
The whole matter rests upon the statement of the
Secretary of War, that a majority of the officers
of certain lines, mentioning them, had assented
to this arrangement. I take it there never was
any formal assent; but the officers deemed it a
foregone conclusion that this was the only mode
in which they were to receive compensation. It
was not considered worth while by any officer to
enter a protest. But, sir, it is an entire reversal
of all the ordinary rules of evidence to come here
and say to them, " You did not protest against
this provision made for you." They held the
promise and obligation of the General Govern-
ment; and the burden is on those who deny its
binding force to show a distinct assent on the
part of the officers, or a free and voluntary dis-
charge.
If at that period the Government had offered
to the officers on the one hand certificates of com-
mutation entitling those who held them to full
pay for five years, and had offered them on the
other hand certificates for half pay for life, giving
them an election to take either of the two; and if
that offer had been accompanied by something in
the shape of a provision giving them security that,
in whichever form they might receive this-com-
pensation , it should at some time be forthcoming,
there would then have been a fair election on the
part of the officers. That, however, is not the
case. There is not the slightest evidence, and I
think I may safely defy any gentleman to point
to any, that the Government of the country at
that period made any provision that looked like
security for payment of either the principal or
the interest which was due, or would be due, to
any officers of the Revolution who might elect to
stand on the contract of 1780 and take their half
pay for life. Thev were to have a freedom of
choice, but they had not. On the one hand, they
had something offered—the promise of the Gov-
ernment; and on the other hand there was not
even a shadow of an attempt to give them security
if they should elect to take the original provision
made by the resolution of 1780. There was, there
could have been, no election under the circum-
stanccs of the case.
It is argued, however, that there was an elec-
tion, because those officers finally took the com-
mutation certificates; and I suppose the historical
fact is that very many received them. Out of the
number of officers said to have been in service at
the close of the war, two thousand four hundred
or two thousand five hundred, two thousand two
hundred or two thousand three hundred did re-
ceive their certificates of commutation. For the
remaining one or two hundred, I understand pro-
visions have been made, from time to time, by
special acts of Congress. When officers have
come here and satisfied Congress that they never
made an election to take the commutation, and
that they were entitled, under the terms of the
resolution of 1780, to half pay for life, it has been
granted to them by a special law, thus admitting
the right of the officers to stand on the original
contract of 1780. In regard to those who decided
to receive the commutation, the remarks I have
just made apply in all their force. They had no
choice. They were to take that or nothing. They
had no option. On the one hand, the commuta-
tion was offered; on the other hand, no provision
was made by the Government for their payment,
if £hey .should decide -to st^jidon ori^ined conr
tract."
How did the Government redeem its own prop-
osition ? How did it perform its part of the con-
tract made by the commutation resolution Qf
1783 ? That resolution pledged the Government
to issue securities with annual interest, such as
the other creditors of the Government were to
receive. It issued what it termed securities-—
certificates that the individual-was entitled to full
pay as an officer of a certain grade, for the period
of five years. Did it meet that payment when
it became due? Did it pay any interest on the
certificates which bore annual interest? Not one
farthing, upon any evidence that I can discover.
When gentlemen tell us that the officers elected
to take securities, and that the Government ha«
performed everything it engaged to do, I >ask
them, how can that be made to appear when
there was this utter neglect to make any payment
of interest for the whole period which elapsed
from 1783 up to the time when the public debt
was funded? The evidence is all the other way.
Provision was made for the payment of interest
as well as of principal, at the time the public
debt was funded, showing that up to that period
no interest had been paid.
It is contended that the officers were bound -by
their election. Their election was to take secu-
rities bearing an annual interest. Many of. them
probably relied upon that interest fpr Uieir sup-
port and subsistence. Payment of interest wop
refused by the Government. Then I think it
cannot be said, with any truth or propriety, that
the Government performed its contract, even if
there had been a free election on the part of the
officers to receive the commutation certificates. *
When the time of funding the debt arrived, how
was the contract performed ? Did the Govern-
ment pay to those who held the certificates, the
amount due them, together with the arrears of
inteiest, none of which had been paid? Not,a£
all; it did no such thing. It undertook to scale
them as it had been scaling the debt for the pre-
vious ten years, and provided that the .present
holders of the certificates might receive, instead
of them, Government.stocks, one third of which
stocks were to be without interest for the period
of ten years, and they issued stocks for the
arrcarspf interest, bearing three percent, interest.
When we are told that there was a literal per-
fonnance, by the Government, of all it stipulated
to do, we should not-lose sight of the fact that,^t
the close of the war, when it is said the Govern-
ment fully performed its obligation, it struck off
what was equivalent to one third of the whole
sum.
I have stated facts, believing every one of them
to be made out historically. I think I have evi-
dence to which I can refer any man who doubts.
In the first place, I cannot find that there was any
election on the part of the officers which exoner-
ated the Government from the performance of its
contract. I cannot find that the Government has
ever in good faith fully performed its promises
and engagements. Under these circumstances,
I think we are as much bound now, as we were
seventy years ago, to listen to the admonition of
Washington on this subject, which was that we
should preserve our national faith and national
honor, and that this was not merely a simple
debt, but a debt of honor which must stand as.a
debt until discharged.
Mr. FOSTER obtained the floor.
Mr. PUGH. If the gentleman will give way
I will move an adjournment.
Mr. WELLER. I hope it will be understood
that we can dispose of this bill to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. PUGH, the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 15, 1857.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hiia-
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of Moses
i Olmstead, an invalid pensioner, praying to Ue
allowed arrears of pension; which was referred
to the Committeeman Pensions.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Jean La-
fern, and other citizens of Pembina, Minnesota,
praying for an appropriation for the survey of the
