THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
REVOLtmOtfAHizLCLAIMS.
The "Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
154) to provide for the final settlement of the
cJaims of the officers of the revolutionary army,
aDd'of the"widows and orphan children of those
who died in the service; the pending question
being, on the motion of Mr. Pugh to strike out the
fourth and fifth sections, which are as follows:
Sec.-4. Jlndbeit farther enacted, That the benefit of the
resolution of the 24th of Au?ust51780, shall be ettended to
tfee widows and orphan children of all officers who died in
t&6 service at anv period during the war of the Revolution,
whether sueh officers belonged to the Continental line, or
afty volumoer corps called into service under the authority
«£ any State;, but no payment shall be made under this
clause except to the widows and oiphan children of such
deceased officers.
Sec. 5. vtfnri be it further enacted, That surgeons' mates
stiatt be Entitled to the benefit of the resolution of the 17th
Of J&tuiary, 1781, and receive the same pay as hospital
physicians and surgeons.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, as a member
of the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, I
gtsve my assent to the report of the committee on
the subject now under consideration. I also gave
my assent to the bill reported by the committee.
The bill now before the Senate, it will be borne
in-'iftind, is not the bill reported by your commit-
tee, but a bill sent to us from the other House.
It is, however, similar in its general features and
principles to the bill of the committee, and, in-
deed, differs from it in only one important partic-
ular. The bill now before the Senate, coming
from the other House, does not permit the benefit
of its provisions to extend beyond grandchildren
■ of the deceased revolutionary officers. The bill
reported by the committee permitted the benefits
granted by it to inure to descendants of deceased
officers, without reference to the nearness of rela-
tionship. Besides that, the differences between
the House bill and the Senate bill are too small
to merit any particular consideration. For my
own part I should prefer the bill reported by the
committee of the Senate. I think it more just that
the bencfitsof the bill should mure to thedescend-
ants of the deceased officer generally, without
limit, rather than they should be limited so as not
to extend beyond grandchildren. Still, sir, inas-
much as the Senate has not thought proper to
amend tins measure, and make it like the Senate
bill in that particular, the question, of course, is
upon the passage of this bill as it is. «
The bill, Mr. President, I need not say to the
Senate, has encountered a very violent opposi-
tion. The honorable Senator from Georgia,
(Mr. Toombs,] (he honorable Senator from Ohio,
|Mr. Pugh,] the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Stuart,] the honorableSenator from
Alabama, [Mr. Clay,] have all addressed the
Senate at considerable length in opposition to it,
attacking it vigorously both in its principles and
in its- details. As a member of the committee
which reported a bill so similar to this that it may
be regarded as the same, it may not, X trust, be
considered obtrusive if I for a short time occupy
the attention of the Senate in giving my views
upon the bill now under consideration. I have an
additional reason for addressingthe Senate on the
subject. I come from a State, the State of Con-
necticut, which I need not say to the Senate—for
it is a fact familiar to all who are acquainted with
the history of that period—which bore a con-
spicuous part in our revolutionary struggls. No
State in our Confederacy did more in proportion
to its means and resouices. It was one of the
smallest States in the Confederacy-—smallest but
two, not favored in its climate or soil or produc-
tions—and yet, sir, that State maintained during
the whole revolutionary struggle a very large
force in ,the field; and indeed I may say of my
State, that she stretched forth a powerful hand in
aid of American independence. During the seven
years of that bloody struggle, the State of Con-
necticut maintained year by year, according to
the official returns, the following number of men:
ill the year 1775, 4,407; in 1776, 13,227; in 1777,
6,563; in 1778, 4,010; in 1779, 3,544; in 1780,
3,680; in 1781, 3,9-21; in 1782, 1,733. No State
of the Confederacy maintained as large a force
as that, with the single exceptions of the State
of Massachusetts and the State of Virginia.
Under these circumstances, as a representative
of Connecticut, I feel that I need not apofogize
for occupying' a brief portion of the time of the
Senate in the consideration of a revolutionary
bill.
The principal points on which I rest my sup-
port of this bilt may be stated very briefly. The
old Continental Congress, then the Government
of the country, made an honest contract with a
certain class of the officers of the Revolution. It
is needless to add that that contract, if made,
ought to be performed. Another contract was
substituted for the original one; but the substi-
tuted contract was made under such circumstances
as not to abrogate the original contract, but to
leave it in full force; and the original contract,
therefore, notwithstanding the substituted one,
ought still to be performed. Waiving that, and
granting for the sake of the argument that the
substituted contract faii'ly took the place of the
original one, the substituted contract has not been
performed according to the intent and meaning of
the parties to it, and therefore the original con-
tract is revived, and ought to be performed. The
bill before the Senate recognizes these as just prin-
ciples: and they are, in my judgment, eminently
just.
Now, sir, was there a contract made between the
Government of the country and the class of officers
then in the army of the Revolution ? I do not
understand this to be denied. I do not understand
that it is denied that the resolution of the Conti-
nental Congress of the 21st October, 1780, con-
stituted a fair and honest contract between the
Government on the one part, and the officers of
the army who should make themselves parties to
it on the other. That resolution was—
" Resolved, That the officers who shall continue in ser-
vice to the end of the war shall be entitled to half pay during
life, to commence from the time of their reduction.
There is the contract: the Government on one
side; and all the officers of the army who should
remain in the service during the war are the parties
on the other side. The only mode in which this
contract is claimed to have been performed is by
the substitution of another contract for it. The
substituted contract is the resolution of March,
1783; and the claim is, that the contract of October
21, 1780, was abrogated by the contract of March
22, 1783, by vir'ue of which the officers of the
army, on their part, accepted five years' full pay
as a commutation of the original contract, which
gave them half pay during their lives; and, of
course, the question at once arises, under what
circumstances was this contract (originally an
agreement for half pay during life) changed to a
provision for five years' full pay? I say that an
examination of the circumstances surrounding
that transaction will shffw that there has been no
fair and proper substitution of one contract for
another by the parties to the first contract. The
original contract being an honest and fair one, is
to be performed. I agree that the substitution of
another contract for it would be a fair mode of
performing it, provided the contract thus substi-
tuted be a fair and honest one, fairly and honestly
entered into by the parties to the first.
What were the circumstances of the Govern-
ment on the one part, and the revolutionary
officers on the other ? W ere they such that it
can be fairly said the second contract was an
honest and fair substitute for the first? The
honorable Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
.Bell] examined this matter, briefly it is true, but
so ably, yesterday, that I need spend but very
little time upon it. It seems to me that a single
glance at facts which all agree are true, in regard
to- the passage of the resolution of March, 1783,
will convince any candid mind that it was no sub-
stitute for the original contract of October, 1780.
The preamble of the resolution of March, 1783,
shows satisfactorily to my mind, that it ought
not now to be considered as having been substi-
tuted for the contract of October, 1780. I beg
leave to call the attention of the Senate to a por-
tion of the preamble to that resolution, which
reads thus:
" Whereat;, the officers of the several lines under the
immediate command of His Excellency General Washing-
ton, did by their late memorial, transmitted by their com-
mittee, represent to Congress that tfie half pay granted by
sundry resolutions was regarded in an unfavorable light by
the citizens of >ome -of the States, who would prefer a
compensation for a limited term ul' jeurs, or by a sum m
gross, to an establishment for in'o, anil did on that account
solicita commutation ot'their half pay for an equivalent in
one oi the two modes above mentioned, m order to remove
all subject of dfasatufacuoafrom the minds of their leliow-
citiaenss," &c., &c.
It is claimed that the original contract was
changed for this at the instance of the officers of
the army; they asked for it; they petitioned for
it; "and now it is said we ought not to insist that
the substituted contract is not really, if performed,
the performance of the original contract. But
look at the reason which in the preamble is set
forth for asking that the contract be changed. It
is not that the officers were willing and desirous
to change the contract into which they had en-
tered for this or for any other; but there were
causes over which they had no control, which
really compelled them to ask at least some change
in the original contract, or else they would be in
danger of obtaining nothing. It is, in the lan-
guage of the preamble, " on that account," in
fact, because it was clear they were not going to
obtain the benefits of the original contract. We
all know that the Congress of the Confederation
was powerless by itself. It had no property. It
could not lay taxes. The consent of the States
was requisite to enable it to raise a dollar, or to
raise a man. Tie States, therefore, were really
the sovereigntie?tiaving control of the subject,
and they not consenting, or manifestly not intend-
ing to consent that this original contract should
be carried out, the officers asked for a change.
Theyasked for something rather than get nothing,
and were in such a situation as to act almost
under compulsion. It is such a contract as that,
were it between individuals, and a substitute of
this sort set up in excuse of the performance of
the original contract, a court of chancery would
relieve against the performance of the second, and
enforce the first.
Look, sir, at the difference between the contract
of 1780 and that of 1783. According to the cal-
culations which form the basis of life insurance
and annuities, the expectation of life of the offi-
cers in 1783 may be set down fairly at twenty
years. The pay of the average of the officers
who were in the line of the army, may be set
down fairly at §480, which was the pay of a cap-
tain. Now, talcing a captain's pay at $480a year;
and the half pay, of course, is §240. Undfr thia
supposed state of facts—twenty years' expecta-
tion of life, and the officer entitled to $240 a year
—his half pay would amount to $4,800. He
would be entitled of course to his half pay year
by year, and on his first year's half pay lie would
have received nineteen years' interest; on hia
second year's half pay, eighteen years' interest;
on his third, seventeen; and so on down to the
last. year; and reckoning the interest on each
year s pay in that manner for twenty years, it
amounts to the sum of $2,536. Adding that to
the twenty years' half pay, we have the sum of
§7,336 as the average amount that an officer of
the army would receive under the original resolve
of October 1780. Now, what is the contract which
it is claimed he made in lieu of that? Five years'
full pay, taking the same basis as before of a cap-
tain in the line, was $2,400; and twenty years'
interest on that, $2,880. That gives the sum of
$5,280 as the amount which the officer would re-
ceive on this substituted contract of five years'
full pay instead of half pay for life. The differ-
ence therefore between half pay for life and five
years' full pay is to the officer $2,056. It is to
be borne in mind that the amount which the offi-
cer lost, the Government gained. There were,
according to the estimate, two thousand two hun-
dred officers in the army at that time, who would
be entitled to the benefit'either of half pay or of
the commutation, and $2,056 being saved by the
Government from each of the two thousand two
hundred officers, it is very easy to see that the
Government here made a bargain with the officers
which, to say the least, was a most harsh and
rigorous one upon the officers, and a very profit-
able bargain for the Government, if a bargain is
to be considered profitable to a Government when
it saves money out of those to whom it is justly
indebted. The amount saved in this case is
$4,523,200.
I allude to this to show that the officer, unless
under the iron hand of necessity of of compul-
sion, would never have consented to change the
original contract which the Government had made
with him for this substitute; and .if under the
pressure of necessity he made this change, ought
a just Government, to say nothing of a liberal
Government, now to hold the officer to the per-
formance of a contract so made ? - ^
