THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
MONDAY, JANUARY 19, 1857.
New Series, ,. ,No. 28-
expcfted or deserved. They are not on the same footing
as the men of the Revolution, who periled property and
life, and Miftered great hardships for a course of years,
t po'«Jy paid, poorly dJothed, and dismissed at iast without
" compensation or means ot support.*'
This is almost the only letter I have received
upon the subject, and it is from a gentleman who
certainly is not desirous of receiving Bounty be-
lonjrin# to ancestors, undeserving of any himself.
I submit, Mr. President, that this bill will do to
a certain class of the officers of the army of the
Revolution and their descendants a tardy act of
justice.
Mr. PRATT obtained the floor.
Mr. PUGH. I desire to withdraw the pend-
ing amendment, with the consent of the Senate,
for the purpose pf offering another, which I deem
more pertinent, at present, to the discussion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be considered as withdrawn.
• Mr. PUGH. I now move to strike out the
first and second sections of the bill after the
enacting clause, and insert in lieu of them:
That there shall be allowed and paid,out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to eaeli of the
suivivmg officer (or m case of his death to his legal rep-
resentatives) embraced by the resolution of Congress dated
the 23d day of March, in the year 1783, the difference be-
tween the amount specified m the certificate issued to him
under the terms of the said resolution, and the value of such
certificate in money at the time when it was issued and
received.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. -President, I had intended
to address my-remarks to the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio which has just been with-
drawn. I do not know the character of that now
proposed. I do not know whether it is designed
to attain the same ends—in other words, whether
the object in the amendment now proposed by the
Senator from Ohio is to prevent the parties who
are included in the fourth and fifth sections of the
bill from receiving the compensation whgch the
bill gives them.
Mr. PUGH. I will explain to the Senator.
My object is, first, to test the sense of the Senate
on the class of parties in this bill generally.
What motions I shall make, and what motions
those who agree with me may make, in reference
to other sections hereafter, must depend, in a
great measure, on the disposition made of this
amendment. My object is simply this: it is
stated by Senators that the commutation certifi-
cates depreciated, and that therefore we should
rescind the contract. I propose to make thecer-
tificates equal to cash—to perform the contract
literally. Then I should like to know where is
our moral or legal obligation to pay any more?
Mr. SEWARD. I suppose the honorable
Senator from Ohio has another object, or there is
another provision in his amendment: that is, to
divert the payment from the children of the offi-
cers to the legal representatives, the executors,
and administrators.
Mr. PUGH. That is not the material part of
my amendment; but when we come to the subse-
quent sections making provision on that point, I
shall certainly claim that it shall be paid to the
legal representatives, if at all.
Mr. SE"V$\ARD. That is the present effect.
Mr. PUGH. Then I strike out of my amend-
ment the words " or in case of his death, to his
legal representative*,99 and also the word "sur-
viving. "
Mr. EVANS. Before we proceed further, I
should be glad to know what is the object of the
amendment. It is putting paymentin'a different
form, the result of which we cannot now exactly
see; but I ask the honorable Senator from Ohio,
if this amendment be agreed to, will he vote for
the bill ? If it is a hostile movement intended to
embarrass the bill, that presents a question very
different from what it would be if it is offered
bona fide to perfect it, to make it perfect, to enable
it to do justice.
Mr. IHTGH. I will say to my honored friend
th^J.1 conceive it to be my right, as a member of
this body, though I may be opposed to a bill, to
make it as little objectionable as it can be before
voting on it. If there be any force in the argu-
22
mcnt urged in support of the biM, this, in my
judgment, is the full measure ofrelicf. I do not
say that I am prepared to vote for the bill in any
shape, for my mind was a good deal in doubt
until I read the honorable gentleman's report;
but it may be that, with other amendments which
X shall propose, and other gentlemen may pro-
pose, I may vote for the bill. 1 certainly cannot
vote for it in its original form. It seems to me
this is an attempt in 'good faith to perfect the
bill, even though I may not be at liberty to vote
for it.
Mr. EVANS. Itdoes not seem to me that the
difference is very material. If you take off one
eighth (and all history is concurrent as to that
being the rate of depreciation) from what the
officersreceived, considering the captain's com-
mutation at $2,400 as the average, it leaves about
$2,100, and that is what is to be paid under the
amendment to each officer. If you multiply that
sum by the whole number of officers, two thou-
sand two hundred, the Jesuit is a larger amount
than ever can be appropriated under this bill in
its present form.
Mr. PUGH. Still the question comes back,
if we are paying money upon a contract, let us
pay it. If we are paying it as a gratuity, the bill
cannot be justified.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
from Ohio allow me to ask the effect of the amend-
ment that he proposes in regard to one or two
things? Sincc it is modified, it seems tome that
it provides for a payment to the officers only who
are living, and that when no officers are living,
nothing is to be paid to anybody—either to the
children of the officers or the executors or admin-
istrators.
Mi'. PUGH. That is disposed of by a subse-
quent section of the bill, which, as it now stands,
gives the money to the widows and children, and
grandchildren. If my amendment be agreed to,
I intend to move an amendment to that section
when it is reached.
Mr. SEWARD. I understand the honorable
Senator in regard to that point. The second
point on which I wish information is this: the
amendment gives no interest upon the amount
which is to be paid. It pays only the principal
sum of the difference between the commutation
certificates at the nominal and at the real value in
1793.
Mr. PUGH. ^ A subsequent section of the bill
refuses to pay interest. That will be open to
amendment when it is reached. The only ohject
here is to ascertain the principle on which the
whole bill is to proceed." I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered, anfl taken.
Mr. FISH desired his vote to be recorded.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask the honorable Senator
from JSTew York if he has not a personal interest
in this bill ?
Mr. PISH. I am very willing to answer that
question, although it is wholly immaterial to my
right to vote. 1 am sent here by the State of
New York, and by the Constitution of the United
States I am entitled to vote upon any bill that
comes before this body. 1 have an interest in
case the bill passes; but, sir, I will say to the
Senator, and to the Senate, now, that if the bill
passes in any form whatever, not one cent of the
money which will be coming to my father's rep-
resentatives shall go into mypocket. I willdivest
myself of all interest in it. Whatever may come
to me shall go to the representatives of the New
York line who served during the Revolution, and
who will be benefited under the bill.
Mr. CASS. The remarks of the Senator from
New York [Mr. Fisnj render it proper that I
should explain my position to the Senate. When
this measure was first introduced I felt favorable
to it, as I feel favorable towards every fair measure
calculated to do that justice to the officers and
soldiers of the Revolution which the country was
unable to do at the time the services were perform-
ed. I said, however, that, being a son of a rev-
olutionary officer, I had an interest in the
of the bill, and could not, therefore, vote upon it.
But my views have since cfcuiged.
The investigation which the subject has under-
gone in the Senate has satisfied me that the bill ^
ought not to pass. I do not go into the details,
for they have oeen sufficiently examined, and the
errors exposed in this debate. Under these cir-
cumstances I am reluctantly compelled to. vote
against the bill, and shall accordingly do bo. . •
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Before the vote is an-
nounced I wish the Senate to understand, that I
have the honor to be the descendant of a revolu-
tionary officer, and, of course, I am interested.
If anybody is interested in the bill I suppose I
am; but I do not feel myself at liberty, because
of any petty amount of interest I may have, to
withhold mv vote from my constituents. I vote
for them. If there are objections on this score,
I wish gentlemen to know it.   • „
The result was then announced—yeas 26, nays'
21; as follows: - , , ... : "
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Biggs, Butler, Cass,
Clay, Dodge, Douglas, Fitzpalrick, Geyer,
ter, Jones of fowa, Mallory, Mason, Pearee,' Pugb, Held,
Rusk, Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky,
Toombs, Toucey, and Weiier—26. ' : *
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Boil of New- Hatop^
shire, Brodhead, Collamer, Comegys, Crittenden, Durkee,
Evany, Fessendeu, Fish, Foot, Foster, Haie, James, Pratt,
Seward, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and Wright—21.
So the amendment was agreed^pt
. Mr. EVANS. I hope we shall take a vote on
the bill. I am ready to vote for it as amended.
The only difference is, that it will require more
money now than it did before.
• Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I offered an
amendment to the bill at a former stage of -the
discussion, in order to bring in the descendants
by representation to whatever fund might be dis 
tributed, without excluding any of them. The *
amendment was voted down withoutthe yeas and
nays. I now wish to offer an amendment, upon **
which I shall ask for the yeas and nays, em-
bodying the same principle, and I have a few
remarks to make in connection with it. The-
amendment is: in section eleven, line five, after
the word "them," strike out all to the word
"parent," in the seventh line, inclusive, and
insert: - . . . >
To his issue (the issue of any deceased child er grand-
child to take among them by representation the same shaie
the parent would have taken, if living).
The effect of this amendment is to bring in by-
representation the great-grandchildren of officers,
to whom the money may be paid as well as the
grandphildren. I stated before, that 011 no prin-
ciple of justice, on no principle accordant with
the ordinary feelings of humanity, could I vote
for a bill which did such palpable injustice in the
distribution of this bounty, although it sounds,
as lawyers say, in some sort in contract. If you
undertake to give it to the children and grand- «
children, the great-grandchildren are as much
entitled to come in by representation as partici-
pators in the bounty which you confer, as the
grandchildren or the children are if living.. The
only answer that was given to ray amendment
then was, that it tended to frautr. My reply was,
that fraud was more probable as to remote events,
and that a far greater degree of stringency would
be required in the proof, and greater accuracy
arrived at, as to who were the great-grandchildren
of officers, whose birth would be recent events.
1 said that if fraud were perpetrated, it would be-
more likely to be perpetrated in regard to events
calling for evidence of what happened sixty or
seventy years ago, which would apply to -the
children and not to the great-grandchildren of the
officers. There was nothing, therefore, I thought,
in the objection to my amendment. There is not
a State in the Union that does not carry out the
principle of letting in all the descendants by rejp«
reseiiution. Why do they do it?' Because it is
the natural feeling of mankind that the descend-
ants should come in in that form, - , _
A variety of cases in which this section will do
injustice, if it remains as it- is, -have come to my
knowledge, and letters have been written to nitt
