THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
prescribed that our own gold and silver coin shall-1
be a legal tender, it is declared, in so many |j
words, that they " shall be a legal tender." So
it is in many of the acts which prescribed that
foreign coins shall be a legal tondoi, the Congress
of the United States enacted that those coins shall
be a legal lender, using those identical words.
Those laws relative to foreign coins have expired
by their own limitation, or are practically inoper-
ative by reason"of a change in actual value of the
foreign coins, except in the one com I have men-
tioned.
Now, the value of certain foreign coins is fixed
by law, if of a certain weight or fineness; and wc
have declared they shall be received in payment
of debts and demands. But this, I submit to the
House, only makes them receivable by the offi-
cers of the United States at the rates prescribed,
and does not make them a legal tender in the
discharge of debts due from one individual to
another. The premium which, for a long time,
the Spanish pillar dollar has commanded in the
market, has driven it out of circulation in this
country; and what few of those coins remain, are
used not as a circulating medium, but as an arti-
cle of merchandise.
There was an objection taken by the gentle-
men from Tennessee and New York to one pro-
vision contained in the report of the Committee
of Ways and Means, which provides that this
new cent coin shall be a legal tender to the amount
of ten cents. The amendment which I have pre-
sented upon my own responsibility, does away
with that provision, and furthermore, proscribes
the pree.no weight of metal, and the component
parts of the two metals from which it is to he
coined, instead of leaving that matter, as recom-
mended by the Committee of Ways and Means, to
be fixed by the proclamation of the President of
the United States. The reason for submitting my
amendment was, that in a letter addressed to me
by the Director of the Mint, he informed me that
he did not desire to make any more experiments
in rcgaid to the component parts of the metal, or
as to the kind of metal of which the ccnt shall be
composed. These experiments were prosecuted
.last summer at the Mint, and the Director is of
opinion that the cent coinage which I presented
the other day, and which will be the cent if the
fifth section is adopted as proposed by me, is the
best which can be devised, and that ho desires to
have no change effected in it. He docs not believe
that any change for the better could be made by
any further experiments, and therefore he recom-
mends that we shall legalize that coin in the
manner which I propose.
And now I withdraw my motion to recommit,
and demand——
Mr. WHITNEY. I trust the gentleman will
not demand the previous question, without afford-
ing me an opportunity to test the sense of the
House on an amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. As the gentleman desires it, I
will not.
Mr.WHITNEY. I do not believe that the hon-
orable gentleman who reported this bill has any
particular desire to pass the eighth section. The
amendment which he proposes to the legitimate
feature of ihe bill renders (hat portion of the bill :
satisfactory to 1 could support ir. I think |
the.bill, if adopted, will be an advantage to the ]
currency of the country; but, with niv views of !
the result which this eighth section will produce |
upon the artistic industry of the country, I can- !
not vote for it. If that section is stricken from ■
the bill, it shall have my hearty support.
Mr. PHELPS. I will say that I do not think '
that the eighth section will have the effect which
the gentleman lrotn New Yoik seems to think. '
The eighth section is the one which provides that
the Secretary of the Treasury, under such rules
and regulations as he may from time to time f<;-  
tabhsh, shall have power to authorize and require •
medals lo be struck tit the Mint for the several
States, incorporated companies and societies thtd
may apply for them, the persons so applying for '
the medals paying the expenses of the dies and
of sti-iking the medals from the dies. That is the
substance of it. I admit that I have no particular
feeling on the subject, and am aware that the
amendment which the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Whitney] proposes cannot now be received,
_ becanseoftheamendmentwhich I have submitted;
but, with the desire of accommodating him and
any others, I hope that the House will, by unan-
imous consent, agree to entertain a third amend-
ment, and let the previous question be ordered,
and then let the various amendments be disposed
of.
Mr. WHITNEY. I find that I was not fully
understood in my reasons for objecting to the
eighth section. As the gentleman from Missouri
has stated, it'authorizes the Superintendent of
the Mint, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury, to strike medals for associations
or corporations. Now, sir, this striking of medals
involves the engraving of the dies. The mere
striking of a medal is an act which any mechanic
can perform who owns a proper press. It is the
execution of the dies that is provided for in that
section; and it takes out of the hands of a new
class of artists of this country that encouragement
which the Government ought rather to extend to
them. That is my objection to this clause of
the bill. But, sir, in addition to this, the eighth
section absolutely prostitutes a department of the
Government into a common work-shop, in com-
petition with the mechanics of our land. It pro-
vides that this work shall be done for a price; and
it provides that the paltry profits to be derived
from it shall be paid into the public Treasury. I
repeat, therefore, it is prostituting a department
of the Government into a competition with the
mechanics of the country. The medallion art,
as I suggested yesterday, is yet in its infancy
here; yet 1 do not hesitate to say that there are
artists outside of the Mint far superior in talent—
if we may judge from the designs and impressions
on the national coin—to any that arc to be found
inside of it, in the employment of the Govern-
ment. Parties desirous of obtaining good medals
would naturally look to the Mint as the source
of the finest talent in the peculiar art, yet obtain,
perhaps, an interior article at a higher price;
while the superior artist outside will be deprived
of the employment to which his genius entitles
him. I trust that the House will consent, as the
gentleman from Missouri has kindly suggested,
that this eighth section be dropped from the bill,
and the previous question called.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from New
York misapprehended me, if he thinks that I con-
sented to strike out this section. I only suggested
that I hoped unanimous consent would be given
to the gentleman from New York to have his
amendment entered; but I did not assure him,
nor did I mean to be understood by the House,
that I was in favor of striking out the eighth
section.
Air. WHITNEY. I shall be satisfied to have
the matter submitted to the House.
There being no objection, Mr. Whitney's
amendment was received as follows:
Strike out the eighth section of tho bill, follows :
And he it further cuaded, That the Secretary of the
Tieasury, under such rules and regulations as he may
fioni nine to time er.tabhfh, shall havo power U> authorize
and requite medals to ha struck at the Mint for the several
Suites, incorporated companies, and societies that may
apply for them, at a reasonable pi ice lor the labor and ma-
terial-:, striking two copies, m bronze, for a cabinct of
medals to he kept in tho Mint; and out of the profits obtain
duplicate copies, m Uonze, for paid cabinet, of ail medals
which have been struck at the Mint. The accounts of the
shall be lendcred quarterly, and the profits paid into
fllte Treasury, and appear m the annual reports.
Mr. PHELPS. There is one clerical error
in the bill which I desire to have corrected. It
is in the amendment reported by the Committee
of Ways and Means to the seventh section of the
bill. It is the omission after the word " Treas- :
ury," at the end of that section, of the words " for
exchange as aforesaid." It ought to be added.
That is the evident import of the section. These
words perhaps were omitted m the amendment
as submitted by me in the hurry of copying. It j
is a clerical error and ought to be corrected. I
hope it will be corrected.
Th^re being no objection, the amendment was
made so as to make the section read:
Str. 7 And he it further enacted, That it shall be lawful
to pay out tho ,-rad cent at the Mint in exchange lor any of
tne gold and Miver com* of the United States, and aUo in
exchange for the foimer copper coins issued ; and it shall
be lawtul to transmit parcels of tho «aid cent*;, from time
to time, to the as-istant treasuier , depositaries, and other
officers of the United (Stated, under geneial regulations pro-
posed by the Director of the Mint, and directed by the
Secretary of the Treasury, tor exchange as aforesaid.
Mr. PHELPS. I now move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered.
The question was first taken oh Mr. Whitney's
amendment to strike out tho eighth section; and
it was agreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Phelps's
amendment, as follows:
Strike out tile fifth section of the amendment proposed
by the Committee of Way? and Means, and insert as fol-
lows:
St,c.5. And be it further enacted, That fiom and after
the passage of tins act, the standard weight of the cent
coined at the Mint shall be seventy-two giains, or three-
twentieths of one ounce troy, with no greater deviation
than four grains in each piece ; and said cent shall be com-
posed of eighty-eight per centum of copper and twelve per
centum of nickel, of such shape and device a> may be
fixed by the Director of the Mint, with the approbation of
the Secretary of theTreasuiy: and the coinage of the half
cent shall cease.
Mr. PHELPS. That is an amendment which
I have submitted on my own responsibility; but
it really ought to be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to; and the amend-
ment as amended was adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I shall ask, when
these amendments are got through with, that the
bill be all read as engrossed, so that we can know
what we are to vote for.
The remaining amendments reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means were then
adopted.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time; and it was read the third time, as fol-
lows:
An act relating to foreign command to the coinage of cents
at the Mint of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stales of America in Congress assembled. That
the pieces commonly known as the quarter, eighth, and
sixteenth of the Spain-h pillas dollar, and ot the Mexican
dollar, ctin.ll he receivable at til" Treasury of the United
states, and its scveial officer, and at tho ?,event! poet offices
and land offices, at the lates ot valuation following—that is
to fitly? the fourth of a dollar, or picce of two ieal&, at
twenty cents; the eighth of adol!ai,o  piece of oik? real,
at ten cents; and the sixteenth of a dollar, or half real, at
five cents.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the •■•aid coin?,
when so received, ?hall not again ho nmi out, oi put m
circulation, but shall he recomed at the Mint. And it shall
be the duty of the Director of the Mint, with the approval
of the Secretary of the Treasury, to presenile sueh icgula-
tions as may be necessary and propei to secure then trans-
mi^mn to the Mint for recomage, and the return or distri-
bution of tho proceeds thereof^ wh'*n deemed cvpcdient,
and to presenbe such forms of account as may he appro-
priate and applicable to the cucumctances : Provided, That
the expenses incident to :>ueh transmission oi distribution,
and of recomage, ^hall be charged against tho aeeount ot
silver piof.t and ios-s, and the net profits, if any, shall be
paid, from ume to tune, into the Tica&uiy of the United
States.
Sec. 3. And 1-e it further enacted. That all former nets
authorizing tho curiency of foreign gold oi silver coins, and
declaung the same a legal tender in payment foi debt-, are
hereby repealed ; hut it -,hnll be the dutv of the Dmvtot of
the Mint to cau^e assa\s to be made, ftom tune to ©.no. of
such foreign coins as maybe known to on1* eonnn^ici. to
determine their average weight, fineness, and value, and to
embrace m his annual report a statement of the icsnlts
theieof.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That from and after tho
pa-sage of this act the standard weight of the ccnt coined
at the Mint shall be seventy-two grains, or three-twentieths
of one ounce troy, with no greater deviation than four
grama in each piece; and said cent shall ht composed of
eighty-eight per centum of copper and twelve per <-ru#r.i
of nickel, of such shape and device as may be fived 1)3" the
Director of the Mint, with the appro!) ition of the sSecrmry
of the Treasury; and the coinage of the half cent shall
cease.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That fhe^Treasmo of
the Mint, under the'instruction of the Dneerorof the Mmr,
with the approval of lb" Secretary of ihr> Tre.--.ury. ---hali,
from nine to time, putchase from the bullion fund" of the
Mint the mateimls necessary tor the coinage of Mich cent
piece, and tran^ferthe same to the propei op'cauve otnecis
of the Mint, to be manufactuied anil returned m coin. Arid
the laws in force relating to the Mint and the coinage of the
picciou?. metals, and m regard to the sale and distribution
of the copper coins, shall, -o far as applicable, bo extended
to the coinage herein provided for: Pionded, That the net
profits of said coinage, ascertained m like manner as is
prcseiibed m the second section of this act, shall be trans-
feired to the Tieasury of the United States.
Seo. 6. And be it fiather cnactcd, That it shall he lawful
to pay out the said cent at the Mint in exchange for any of
the sold and silver coins of the United States, and also m
exchange for the formei copper coins issued; and it shall
be lawful to transmit paiceis of tne said cents, liom time
to tune, to the a^si^tani heasuieis. depositaries, and other
officers of the United States, under geneial legulanons
proposed by the Director of the Mint, and appioved by the
Secretary of the Treasury, for exchange as aioie^aid.
Seo. 7. And be it further enacted, That hereafter the
Director of the Mint shall make his annual lopon to the
Secretary of the Treasury up to the 30rh of June in cacti
year, so that the same may appeal in lus annual icport to
Congress on the finances.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. So far as I under-
