1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
etand this bill, I believe it to be right. There is
one provision of it, however, which it seems to
me it will be difficult, if not impossible, to have
executed, and which, if passed, will be violated
throughout the country. The bill provides that
the<fips and levies, as they are called here, and
the Spanish and Mexican quarters, shall be re-
- ceived at five, ten, and twenty cents respectively,
and when received, shall not again be paid out
by any officers of the Government. That, of
course, includes the postmasters of the Union.
]NTow, there are many postmasters who will not
take in more than half a dozen or so of those
coins, and if this^bill becomes a law, they will
not be able to pass them again. What are they
to do with them ? Must they send them to the
Treasury? There should be some way provided,
it seems to me, by which these postmasters may
get rid of their small amounts of these depre-
ciated coins without violating the law.
Mr. PHELPS. There is a ready answer to
the gentleman's objection. After this act shall
have passed and been promulgated, these officers
will not receive these coins. The bill only pro-
vides that they may receive them at the price fixed.
If they are received, they will be transmitted to
the usual depositary within the State for the post
office revenue; and, as I understand it, this bill
requires regulations to be made for that purpose.
I think there will be no difficulty such as is sug-
gested by the gentleman from Tennessee. I have
risen for the purpose of demanding the previous
question 011 the passage of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As I understand
the bill, it makes it the duty of the officers of the
Government to receive these coins. It is not at
their option, but they must rcccive them at the
valuation fixed by the bill. If the bill were
amended so as to provide that they shall not be
paid by any officer of the Government except by
postmaUers, it would perhaps be well. They
would then find their way to larger places, and
finally go out of circulation altogether.
Mr. PHELPS. As the bill came to us from
the Senate, it provided that these coins should be
received at the price therein specified. It also pro-
vided that they should be a legal tender for a cer-
tain period of time. There was also another
provision, that they might be exchanged at the
Mint for new cents at their nominal value. Thus,
in fact, three values for these depreciated coins
would be established. In the case of the quarter
its value would be fixed at twenty cents, and at
twenty-five cents, and then there is its value as
bullion. And, in my judgment, if this bill is
passed, these coins will be driven to the melting-
pot there to be recoined. They will be sent to
the Mint, and there sold as they are now sold at
their value as bullion, and the silver manufacturers
throughout the country will buy them up to use
in their silverware.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
will allow me, I will move an amendment provid-
ing that the postmasters may pay out these coins
at the pricc at which they received them. I think
there will be no objection to the amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I prefer the bill as it is, and
therefore insist on the call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put; and being
put, the bill was passed.
Mr. PHEl,PS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
* The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was rec-'ived from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed bills of the following
titles, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House!
An act (S. No. 350) for the relief of Dr. Charles
- D.Maxwell, a surgeon in the United States Navy;
An act (S. No. 399) for the relief of Charles
McCormick, assistant surgeon in the United
States Army;
An act (S. No. 439) to authorize the settlement
of the accounts of Luther Jewett, late collector*
of the district of Portland and Falmouth, in the
State of Maine; and
An act (S. No. 443) for the relief of Edward
Harte.
Also that the Senate had passed the following
bill and joint resolution of the House:
An act (No. 365) for the relief of Charles L.
Denman;and
Joint resolution (No. 23) in favor of J. W.
Nye.
Also that the Senate had disagreed to the
amendment of the House of Representatives to bill
(S. No. 298) for the relief of Sally T. Mathews.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
understand that the gentleman from Arkansas
[Mr. Rust] has considered a remark made by me
on the day before yesterday, as insulting to him.
In making that remark, at which the gentleman
took offense, it was by no means my intention to
insult him by casting imputations on his veracity
or otherwise; and I regret that the gentleman
should have supposed me to have any such inten-
tion, which I frankly disavow.
Mr. RUST. I certainly had understood the
gentleman differently. I am glad to find his sup-
posed purpose disavowed, which disavowal is
accepted as entirely satisfactory.
CONTINGENT EXPENSES OF CONGRESS.
The SPEAKER, stated the next business in
order to be the consideration of a bill (H. R. No.
608) to regulate the disbursements of the contin-
gent-expenses of Congress, and that the pending
question was on the motion to recommit the same
to the Committee of Ways and Moans, on which
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. How much of the
morning hour remains unexpired?
The SPEAKER.. Half an hour.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move, then, that
the rules be suspended, and the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
THE TARIFF.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wash-
burn, of Maine, in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the special order, being the bill
(PI. R. No. 566) reducing the duty on imports,
and for other purposes.
Mr. KEITT, briefly adverting to the bill under
consideration, expressed his opposition to a free
list, contending that the adoption of such a list
would render it necessary to that extent toimposo
additional duties upon the articles taxed. He
then proceeded to discuss the slavery question,
arguing that 4jjie tendencies of the time were to
sectional organizations. He regarded " squatter
sovereignty'* as a most dangerous, mischievous,
and demoralizing doctrine, being neither more
nor less than that those who might 44 squat" i i
the Territories possessed the right to confiscate
the property of citizens of the States. He held
that slavery existed anterior to law, and in this
connection reviewed the history of that institu-
tion from its earliest existence to the present time.
Assuming that the continued agitation of the '
slavery question tended to a dissolution of the
Union, he examined the resources of the South,
and contended that she did not lack population,
territory, commercial facilities, #or material re-
sources.
Mr. BLISS obtained the floor, and said: The
gentleman from South Carolina has succeeded m
showing that the world, from its earliest origin,
has been subject to rapine and blood, and he has
also succeeded in accounting for the fact that
those brilliant little Republics that adorned the
world in our earlier ages, soon fell and faded
from existence, because then* institutions were
founded upon force rather than law. He has
also shown us that as civilization has advanced,
the civilized portions of the world, except his
own beloved Arabs, are fuming their attention to
the amelioration of labor. Had I not, before
this, marked out the course of remark which I
intended to follow, I should be glad, at this time,
to take the rich text which has been furnished,
me by the gentleman who has just taken his
seat; but I had intended some days since 
Mr. STANTON, i rise to a question of order,
and it is in reference to the nature of this dis-
cussion in the committee. It seems to me that
there should only be discussion upon the busi-
ness before the committee. The questidnJaas to
be made some time, and i prefer to make t#upon
a personal friend and colleague, rather .than upon
any one else.
Mr. GIDDINOS. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will not undertake to apply the gag, when
general debate has been allowed to such an extent
to gentlemen on the other side of the Chamber.
Mr. STANTON. Well, I give notice that I'
shall raise the question when my colleague;ijBS
delivered his speech. [Cries of " Raise it now !" , Jfi
" Raise it now !"] - jlBm
Mr. STANTON. Well, I will make it now,
as that seems to be the wish of the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the point is, that general debate upon the %
bill now before the committee is not in order.
The Chair understands that it was so decided the
day before yesterday by the gentleman who then
occupied the chair, [Mr. H. Marshall,] and
that that ruling was acquiesced in by the com-
mittee. Therefore, the Chair holds that general
discussion is not in order.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Do I understand the Chair
to decide that general discussion of the slavery
question is not in order, when three gentlemen
upon the other side of the Chamber have dis-
cussed it ?
The CHAIRMAN. It was held, the day
before yesterday, as tjie Chair understands, by
tlife gentleman who then occupied the chair, that
general discussion was not in order y*and that de-
cision was acquiesced in by the committee. If
the question had been raised when the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Keitt] was upon the
floor, the Chair would have held, as he now does,
that general discussion is not m order.
Mr. WADE. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not understand that
any such decision \yas made the day before yes-
terday by the gentleman who then occupied the
the Chair. I do not understand that he made any
decision at all. He indicated his opinion upon
that point, but the point was not pressed, and no
decision was made. And, "in proof of the cor-
rectness of my assertion, general debate was
immediately resumed by the gentleman, from •
Maryland, [Mr. Bowie,] who discussed the sla-
very question and other matters referred to in the
President's message.
Mr. BOYCE. I suggest that the gentleman
from Ohio be permitted to proceed by unanimous
consent.
Mr. HOUSTON. The question had better be
decided now, one way or the other.
Mr. BOWIE. We can overrule the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would like to
know what the decision of the Chair is.
The CHAIRMAN. Inasmuch as it was held
yesterday, or the day before, by the gentleman
then occupying the chair, that on this bill general
discussion was not in order, but that debate must
be confined to the question before the committee,
the Chair will now regard itself as bound by that
decision, and therefore rules that general discus-
sion is not in order on the question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I believe there
has been an appeal from that decision.
The CHAIRMAN. An appeal has been taken;
and the question now is, whether the decision of
the Chair shall stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The question, I
presume, is debatable. The debate has not been
terminated on this bill, and I apprehend that-this
question ought to be discussed. ..
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, (m his seat.) It is not
debatable.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is debatable.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. 1 would state to the
gentleman from Tennessee that the question is
not debatable for the reason that you cannot inter-
'! rupt a gentleman in the middle of a speech, ana
raise a discussion on collateral questions.
!; The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
i the point made by the gentleman from Greorgxa
lj is well taken. The only question, therefore, be-
11 fore the committee is, as to whether the decision
!! of the Chair is to be sustained by the committee.
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, i know this: that
i| it is against all the practice of the House* ^ ^
II Mr. H. MARSHALL. As a matter of justice
