1857.
THE CONGBE^SIQMAL GLOBB.
Tlie repayment of the advances made by Mr. Corwine
involves no novel piinciple. It was early recognized by
Congre**, and has been frequently acted upon. It is the
same principle as tlmt on which our acts for the relief of
destitute seamen are based, of which so many are to be
loumi among our statutes. The first of these acts was
passed April 14, 179a, and requires consuls to support
manner;. in ca«ea of shipwreck, sickness, and captivity:
and to bend them home free of charge. The act of April
18, 1798, computes a piecedent which applies very cleaily
to this ca>c. The act is of an ex jjost facto character, pro- _
vuhnu for the areimburementsof such reasonable advances"
us have been made, oi, during tile present year, shall be
made by the consuls of the United State*," * A *
l' for the relief of sick and destitute seamen in foreign coun-
tries , beyond the sum already allowed by law tor that pur-
pose; " and the act appropriates $30,000 to meet advances
bo made. Jt is apparent, fiom the woi ding of Una law, that
ceitam consuls had taken the responsibility of relieving
their det-utute fellow-citizens abroad, out of their own pri-
vate funds, supporting them m sickness, and sending them
home in sudden emergencies, which bad deprived them
of the means of aiding themselves. In May, 1794, a private
bill was passed, and became a law, compensating Fulwar
iskipvnth for relieving the wants and facilitating the return
of certain American citizens from ports m the West Indies.
It would be useless to multiply citations of cases illustrating
and confiumng the policy of the Government in this partic-
ular. It i&, m brief, to reimburse consul* for actual advances
made by them for the relief of sick and destitute American
citizens withui their consulates, temporarily absent from
their country, and wishing to return.
The moie general principle may be slated to be, that
every Government takes care of its destitute subjects or
citizens abioad, at least so far as to enable them to return
to their homes, in the case of the suffering emigrants at
Panama, the local government did not recognize their
claims, and the consul was necessarily the agent of their
own Government m administering that protection winch
their helpless situation required.
remarkable a movement as the emigration to Califor-
nia, flom L849 to 1853, the five years immediately subse-
quent to the yold discoveries, occurs only once or twice m
an age. It was an event in our history, fn recognizing
the exigencies which grew out of it, and in protecting the
then consul at Panama against loss for promptly and gen-
erously meeting the responsibilities which this memorable
overflow of American population imposed upon him. the
committee believe that Congress will incur no danger of
setting an improper or inconvenient precedent. The com-
mittee accordingly report a bill lor the relief of the memo-
rial/^.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
NAVAL DESERTIONS, ETC.
On motion of Mr. HOUSTON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolutions, sub-
mitted by him on "Wednesday last:
Resolved, That the President^*? requested to inform the
Senate of the number ot dest^ers fiom the Navy since
the 28th of February, 1835, and particularly of the deserters
from the crew of the steam-frigate Mernmac whilst com-
manded by Captain G. J. Pendergrast, together with any
report or reports made to the Navy Department by said
Captain Pendergrast, of the causes of said deseiuons. Aho,
of the causes of the return from the Pacific squadron of the
captain and commander of the frigate Independence, and
more recently, the commander of the sloop of war Decatur;
together with the copies of all lepoits made by the com-
mander ol the Pacific squadron, or any other officer, in rela-
turn to either the said captain or commanders; and whether
any, and what, action was taken by the President, or Sec-
retai) of the Navy, m relation to Commander Garihevoort,
of the sloop Decatur. Also, whether any other officer of
the Pacific squadron has been reported to "the Navy Depart-
ment for dereliction or unoffioer-like conduct, and if so,
to furnish copies of the reports, together with a statement
ot the course pursued by the Depaiunent towards such
deiehct officer. And also, whether, since the return of the
captain fiom thefngate Independence, in the Pacific ocean,
an officer of inferior grade or rank has been sent to com-
mand that ship; and if of inferior grade, whether such
course was in consequence of any, and what, difficulty m
finding a captain to order to command said frigate inde-
pendence. And also, any report or reports from Captain
Mercer, of the Brazil squadron, m relation to the officers of
the brig Bainbridge, wlnlc serving on the Brazil station ;
and
Resolved, further, That the Secretary of the Navy be
requested to furnish the Senate with copies of any report
or reports from the commander of the Eas-t India squadron
in relation to the resignation of any commissioned officers
recently &erving therein.
Mr. MALLGRY. Mr. President, I dislike
very much to oppose any resolution which bears
on its face a proper inquiry; but this is a resolu-
tion proposed to be addressed by the Senate to a
Department of the Government for information;
and as 1 clearly see that it will bring information
before the Senate that the Senate really does not
want and will not act upon, I am constrained
to oppose it. if the Senate will give me their
attention for a moment, 1 will show that there
are some five or six subjects embraced in these
resolutions, and the effect will be to take out of
the hands of the Department, where the authority
is properly lodged, an important element of the
discipline of the Navy, while that discipline is in
progress.
All the information for which this resolution
calls can be furnished, probably", in twenty-four
hours. I do not suppose that the Department
will be delayed in furnishing it, and I do not think
there will be a particle of objection on the part
of the Department to furnishing the informa-
tion. But as I look at the resolution, and I ask
Senators to examine it, it will bring odium upon
parties to whom the Senate certainly does not
wish to ascribe odium. The first clause of the
resolution calls for information in regard to de-
sertions, as to whether any desertions took place
in the city of New York, from on board a certain
vessel. Desertions take place every day from
our ships, when men can desert with money of
the United States in their pockets. There cannot
be any objection to furnishing that information.
If that were by itself, I should say nothing in
opposition to the resolution.
But information is called for as to the causes
of the resignation of certain officers from certain
squadrons. I will take for example a case where
officers have been threatened with a court-martial
for inebriety, or any other vice or crime, and
they have sent in their resignations, which have
been accepted, and those men have gone into the
private walks of life, and the matter is entirely
done with. They are out of the Navy. Is there
any virtue in bringing their cases before the Sen-
ate, and publishing them here? Is there any good
to be subserved by it? Is the discipline of the
Navy to be advanced by it? Does the Senate
require the information to be spread before the
public to the detriment of these gentlemen ?
I will bring to the knowledge of the Senate a
case that occurred at the lastsession, where reso-
lutions were hastily adopted, and a distinguished
officer of the Navy was presented here as being
found in his cabin at one time, in the expression
of the papers, " rolling drunk." It had no perti-
nency or application to the information wanted.
It was a needless exposure of a man in the decline
of life. I regretted it; and I believe the honorable
Senator who introduced the resolution himself
regretted it. I say the information wanted here
can subserve no good purpose whatever, and it
will needlessly expose a transaction which has
entirely gone beyond the control of the Navy
Department.
Another part of this resolution calls for inform-
ation touching the officers on board' the United
States brig Bainbridge. ' Those officers are now
before a court-martial in the city of Philadelphia.
The court is investigating this identical case, and
to bring it before the Senate, and spread it on its
documents, will be needlessly to expose those
officers and to prejudge their case to a certain
extent. 1 should regret even to see the case pub-
lished in the newspapers of the country, for these
officers ought to have the benefit of all doubt as
to their innocence while they are on trial; and
for the Senate to interfere and bring the facts
before us while they are under the consideration
of a court-martial, is unheard of, and cannot
possibly do any good. ^ *
Another portion of the resolution calls for in-
formation as to whether any reports of miscon-
duct against certain officers have been presented
to the Navy Department. You constitute the
Navy Department a tribunal, to a certain extent,
to judge those reports and inflict such punish-
ments as are within the purview of the Depart-
ment. Why not leave it there? Are you dis-
posed to take out of the hands of the Department
this duty of judging- of the conduct of officers at
sea, and visiting them with punishment, and
bring them to the Senate ?
I desire the Senate to understand that, although
thus objecting to this resolution, I have not the
slightest doubt that the Navy Department can fur-
nish the information immediately, if it is wanted;
and I am sure there will not be the slightest ob-
jection there to furnishing the information. But
on the part of those officers, none of whom I have
consulted or seen, but of whose case I have seen
something, I do object to this as a most needless
exposure. For instance, two captains were sent
on board the same ship. As a natural conse-
quence, they quarreled. One of them, a very
distinguished officer, of high tone, came home,
and has since been assigned to another command.
The causes why he was withdrawn are called for.
The case is entirely settled. He is a man against
whom no breath has ever been raised in the Navy
or in private life; and I know he would deplore
having his name brought before theSenate, un-
less for some useful purpose. I s^e'no'reasdiV
why this transaction should be drawn out of the
Navy Department; and in behalf of those who
are immediately concerned, I hope the Senate^
will not adopttnis resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I cannot
but congratulate the Senator upoi^iiis felicitous
change of fcpling, and his increased sympathy
for individuals connected with the Navy, sincei
the conduct of the naval retiring board' was,dis-
cussed in this body. The course that I propose'1
to pursue is very different from that which waj$
pursued by, the Senator some time since. I wisli
all the facts bearing on the efficiency of the
Navy to be brought before the Senate'for ^con-
sideration, not for the purpose, of reflecting upon
individuals, but to enable us to inquire into the
present condition of the Navy/which we are.
informed by the Executive of the nation, has
prospered'under the reorganizatipn it received by
the action of the naval retiring board. If such
be the fact, I desire it to be rendered manifest to
this nation. I was opposed to the action of the
naval board; but if tney have done good, I wish
them to stand vindicated before the nation in the^
course which they have pursued. ' If they have
given increased efficiency to the Navy, and in>-
proved itp condition, as alleged by the Executive
of the nation in h'is annual'message, I wish th^fc
fact to be made manifest to the people; t wish "it
to be made manifest to the Senate, who have im-
portant action to take upon the measures of the
retiring board. I wish to impugn no one who is
spotless in his reputatipn; but if the naval board
has produced no good effect on the Navy, and
if it is in a worse condition than it was at any
former period of the history of our country, I
wish that fact exposed to the eyes of the world.
If individuals who passed the scrutiny of that
board, and were retained as examples in the
Navy, have disgraced their rank, their position,
and the nation whose commission they bear, I
wish the facts laid before the nation. If individ-
uals have incurred reprehension, such as attaches
to misconduct in the discharge of official duty, or
palpable and glaring delinquency, they have ox-
posed themselves, and the consequences rest with
them. That does not preclude the Senate from
an examination into' the facts, so far as it.may
devolve on this body to act in relation to those
individuals, either for the present or in the future.
Statements have been made in the newspapers as
to the transactions in regard to which my resolu-
tions call for information. Those statements are
uncontradicted. If they be fiintrue,Iet us ascer-
tain the facts from an official source, and not
rivet condemnation on men who stand justified
by their conduct, and have incurred no just rep-
rehension. An officer was retired by the retiring
board, without a trial or a hearing—a man of
spotless reputation, daring and chivalrous in his
character and conduct. He was relieved by an
officer who has since been recalled. The officer
retired is lingering in disgrace, his family penni-
less and dependent, and he has all the odium that
can attach from a condemnation. While that man
is unheeded and disregarded, notwithstanding his
former services, the individual who superseded
him has been sent home, (as stated in the com-
mon intelligence of the day,) and has been fur-
loughed by the Executive, not for temporary
inebriety, but for habitual drunkenness. He was
at first put on furlough by the Executive for
awhile, and then restored to active command.
These are matters proper for the Senate to in-
quire into. The man to whom I have just alluded
may at some future day be nominated to this body
for a higher grade, and we may have to act on
his merits or demerits. This information is im?
portant. It is a pretty thing indeed to say that
an officer of this Government can avoid the re-
sponsibility of an investigation and trial before a
tribunal of his peers, by resigning his office and
going into private life, and then that it is needless
to expose him! Sir, the exposure is already
made by the charges in the newspapers. Tf they ,
be true, we can inflict no greater disgrace on such
a man than he has recognized^ in himself by his
conduct. It is due to the nation that we,should
know these things. There was no sympathy
extended to men who had given their lives to the
service of their country, and acquitted themselves
honestly and gallantly before their enemies, when
