346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
jJanuary 16,
they were stricken down; but the action of the jj whether remedies can be applied to existing evils,
naval retiring board was vindicated by the hon- ;j is a rational, a just, and proper purpose, and one
orable chairman of the Naval-Committee. He jj that I shall insist upon.
symoathizes now with men who wore retained it Sir, I cannot understand the idea that indi-
and indorsed by that naval board, and who have ij viduals who have avoided the responsibility of
proved themselves not only unworthy of its con- j'. appearance before a court-martia! by resigning,
fldence, but unworthy of the confidence of the j ought not to be exposed; nor can I understand
nation, and have so acknowledged themselves, that we shall do wrong to any officer whose con-
Are we not to inquire into these facts, as perti- I duct is being investigated by a court-martial, by
negt.to °ur duties, and necessary to inform us as calling for facts. If other facts are necessary to
t^flffis great interest of the nation ? I see no
principle to inhibit us from exercising this right.
We have the right to examine into these matters.
The honorable chairman forgot one important
point. -At the last session, when the action of the
naval board was under consideration, he alleged
that it was necessary that an increase of captains
should talte place*. Why ? Because there were
not captains enough to supply the different places
in the Navy, and men of inferior grade had to go
his condemnation, in the estimation of impartial
persons, than the facts already disclosed upon the
trial that is now in progress, why not allow them
to be furnished? I have read the testimony in the
case; it is before the public; and laying any in-
formation before this body which is not exposed
by that court cannot inculpate the individual to
an extent which the testimony adduced has not
already done.
I am induced to offer this resolution from an
forward and take command, being detailed by the || extreme solicitudc for the well-being of the Navy-
Department for that purpose. This was the alle- ;i from an extreme solicitude to ascertain whether
gation then. Now, however, we find that, not- !l its condition has been improved, and whether
withstanding our present redundancy of captains, j; the persons retained by the retiring board were
a commander was sent to the frigate Independ- j worthy. I know that some of the most gallant,
ence to supply the place of a captain. Double j| daring, eenerous, intelligent, and patriotic spirits
details it seems are made, for the purpose of in- h in the Navy of the United States were remorse-
creasing the pay of officers. To discharge the
duties now twelve captains are necessary, where
six formerly were employed, and by detailing
them in that way they get additional pay for their
rank.
I wish to have all these facts presented to us,
lessly stricken down by that board, disgraced,
and made the scoff of the world, so far as their
condemnation could be considered a disgrace. I
trust the result of that action will at least be an
admonition for the future not to intrust in the
hands of men—aspiring, unprincipled favorites,
eo that we may see whether it is necessary still <, parasites, and pets—the power to strike down
♦/VI nni*Aocirt fkn An ritAiim ivi a M ^ A ~ ~ ,1 . . t- _ "NT _ f il. - TT — . J
further to increase the captains in the Navy, to
give to that arm of the public service that effi- :
. ciency which is necessary. All the information j
•/'Lliavae.asked for will go to vindicate those who ,
have acted well, and to expose delinquencies. It j
is unprecedented since the formation of the Navy, i
that two captains have been sent home for con- '
duct unbecoming officers or unworthy of their [
command. One captain, at a former period, was j
sent back in 1824, but previous to that none had j
been. Subsequently, and until the present time, i
since the retirements by the action of the naval ;
board, no such occurrence had taken place. !
Moreover, sir, the causes of the desertions 1
referred to in the resolution should be known. ;
Changes have taken place in the discipline of the
Navy within a few years. Some branches of
discipline have been dispensed with. Have the
men who are as old as the Navy of the United i
States, who have adorned its annals, who have
given luster to our national character, and whose
achievements entitle them to perpetual renown, j
The facts show that they were stricken down by ;
men who were culled and picked for particular <
purposes; individuals were marked, registered, i
tinue the pension heretofore paid to Mary C
Hamilton, widow of Captain Fowler Ilumilton'
late ol the United States Army, was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to continue the name of Mrs.
Hamilton on the pension roll at the same rate that
she received under the act for her benefit, approved
the 1st of March, 1S54, to continue during her
natural life or widowhood.
_ The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PAYMENT FOR HORSES.
On motion of Mr. GEYEIt, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 99) to
amend an act providing .for the payment for horses
or other property lost or destroyed in the service
of the United States; and its further consideration
was postponed until Monday next.
COINS OP THE UNITED STATES.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the bill (S. No.
190) relating to foreign coins, and the coinage of
cents at the Mint of the United States, which had
been returned from the House of Representatives
with amendments, was referred to the Committee
on Finance, and the amendments were ordered to
be printed.
IMPROVEMENT OF WESTERN RIVERS.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, the bill (S. No.
505) making appropriations for the improvement
of the Mississippi, Missouri, Ohio, and Arkansas
rivers by contract, was read the second time,
and postponed to, and made the special order of
the day, for Thursday next, at one o'clock.
private bill dai".
Mr. BRODHEAD. I offer the following reso-
lution, which I hope will be adopted:
Resolved, That for the residue of the present session
i vindicating honorable men, and thep
j in the Senate in their support, against the impo-
i sitions upon the public service that have dishon- ,i
ored and disgraced it, that I wish the informa- Ij
tion. By it the worthy will only be made more
i worthy, and the unworthy will only be exposed ii
! to the censure and condemnation which they
j justly merit. ,j
Mr. MALLORY. I move to amend this res-
changes operated been officially ordetrimentally !| olution by strjking out of the first paragraph all r
to the discipline of the 2Sa\y r These aie im- |j after the words " cause of said desertions." T !1
portant question.4?, $ud should be answered. It
e important to know the cause of desertions,
that Congress may, by legislation, remedy the
evil, if it be remediable. Has there been an in-
stance since the formation of this Government in
which, in the space of two months, from a single
vessel, no less than over one hundred and sixty
desertions have taken place? There has not
stated when I first rose, that there would be no
objection—on the contrary, that it might be very
beneficial to lay before the country the causes
which produce desertions in our service. I there-
fore move to amend the resolution so as to get
that information. It may lead to some good.
The honorable Senator from Texas has placed
a direct issue between himself and me on this
i]T1?eset,deSCTtIonsh.a^ ^ken place from a ;! questian. I stated that the resolution would
ItTmtd ^nirV r/TJ ? t ? k ? CCn; brinS information on this point-where officers
Btituted a pait of the naval retiring board; and threatened with a court-martial, for vices of any
he butely must possess intelligence sufficient to !« u*™   .r
kind, have preferred a resignation to exposure,
ij and have gone to private life, and are out of the j
11 Navy entirely. Do the-Senate desire to bring!
|; their cases here, and publish the transactions, as !
ij they did the transaction in the case of Commo- j
|i dore Parker, at the last session ? The honorable j
jj Senator says it can do no harm. I say that it
[. can; and on that account, for these officers alone, 'j
ii™ rh* u *-u f am °PP°sed to it, as I know it would be the ij
Uo  to the Navy - whether the naval retiring last thin? in the world they themselves desire, i
!f , .w "lUD'™dulei:tliat f^tary influence There is another issue which he placed dis- !|
tinctly before us. 1 said that this resolution
enlighten Congress in regard to the Navy, and to
tell them what has produced the evil of desertion
that renders our Navy almost useless. With this
precedent unrcbuked—with the reasons for these
desertions unknown to legislation, we know not
where the evri is to stop. I desire to remedy the
evil ot desertion, and also to ascertain whether the
views of Congress have been carried out in lela-
upon that arm of the service which is suggested
by the Executive. ;•
These are important questions to propound; '!
and as this information, we are assured'by the i!
honoruble chairman, can bo furnished in a very i'
short period, and as the Navy Department has ||
no disinclination to furnish it, I cannot see why I;
a curiosity, which in itself is natural, should not
be gratilied, when it will cost so little. lean see
110 objection, unless the object be to screen per- ,
sons who are responsible for delinquencies, for
errors, or for crimes, from that reprehension
which should always be visited on them when |l
This resolution is similar to one adopted at the
last session. I presume there will be no objection
to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will entertain the resolution, without postponing
the special order.
Mr. EVANS. "VVnl it apply to this day ?
Mr. BRODIIEAD. No, sir; it will commence
next Friday.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
154) to provide for the final settlement of the
claims of the officers of the revolutionary army,
and of the widows and orphan children of those
who died in the service; the pending question
being on the amendment of Mr. Toombs, to insert
the following additional section before the present
third section of the bill:
JivA be it further enacted, That all the soldiers of the
Revolution who were entitled to eighty dollars under the
resolution of 1778. shall be refunded \vh;urv<-r !o?s may
have been sustained by ttiera on account of the deprecia-
tion of the currency m which they were paid a* compared
wnh Spanish milled dollars, to be paid to the said soldiers,
or their legal representatives, upon application to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury of the United titatea.
Mr. TOOMBS. This is the first of a series of
amendments which I intend to offer, and which
I will explain to the Senate. We have altered
the principle of the bill. It came before this
body, after having passed the House of Repre-
they have justly incurred it. I cannot find a rea- j Up ullj0S;i otherwise directed by the Senate,
sonablc excuse tor njectmg this resolution. If ^ '
it implied censure upon any one, it mijht be rta- ,'i MARY C. HAMILTON.
srniaUy objected tu; but a resolution inquiring
into substantive facts which already exist, to see
would bring before you the entire journals kept jl sentatives, upon tile principle of malting good
with reference to the brig Bainbridge and the !; 'he difference between the commutation and the
' half pay for life. The Senate have, very wisely,
I think, substituted the reason which was given
, for passing it, as the principle of th<- bill, to wit,
to make good the depreciation of the eommuta-
' tion certificates. Under that rule there is a very
large class.
In 1790, there were §31,000,000 under what
. v.-as known as the loan bill. That is one class of
' the depreciation. The eighty dollars given to
I the soldier is another. There is another very
large class, the loan-office and final-settlement
j certificates, which, in the settlement of the dif-
j fereiu States of the Union, were depreciated be-
I fore the assumption act. They went on by the
! acts of the old Confederation, and authorized the
officers' conduct there, on which conduct they are
now undergoing u trial before a court-martia! at
Philadelphia. The honorable Senator says that
to bring that information here will do no hann,
because the information is in the public prints,
and he has read it—— *
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will ren.ind the Senator that the hour of one
o'clock, appointed for the consideration of the
special order, lias arrived; and it must be taken <
On motion of Mr. JONES, of Iowa, and by
unanimous consent, the bill (S, No. 472) to con-
