1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mf
States to make good the difference growing out
of the depreciation of the currency in which the
various public creditors, including soldiers and
officers, and ail tiiose who furnished the public
with various supplies. The loan-office and final-
settlement certificates were also accepted in the
assumption act of 1790.
The next amendment which I intend to pro-
pose is to redeem the final-settlement certificates
which were given when they settled with the
soldiers for arrears of depreciation, and the
loan-office certificates, which were the settle-
ments made by the different States under the
direction of Congress, by which a part was paid
in money, and a part accepted in these depre-
ciated securities. The loan-office certificates ran
down much lower than this higher grade of cases,
the commutation certificates. The bill is now put
upon the principle, that this Government shall
make good whatever amount was lost, without
any fault of its own, in the depreciation of its
securities between the time of their being issued
and the time of their payment. At the time of
payment, the outstanding certificates were fully
and amply and honestly paid.
The difficulties are very great, on the principle
which the Senate has now adopted, in ascertaining
what was the loss on each commutation certifi-
cate. 1 voted for that amendment of the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,] because I was utterly
opposed to the bill as it came from the House,
with the view of damaging it to every extent
which was allowable by parliamentary law. My
course has been free from any concealment on
this point. But now, sir, as a test question, the
principle of the bill being departed from—and I
presume no such bill as this can be passedj and
if passed, it cannot be worked—I move the in-
definite postponement of the bill. That question
may be decided before voting on the amendment;
and on that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 2G; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Higgs, Bigk'i, Brown, Butler, Cass,
Dodge, Douglas, FitzpatricK, Houston, Hunter, Johnson,
Jones of Iowa, Ma^on, l'u^h, Reid, Rusk, Sebastian, Sh-
defl, Sniait, Toombs, Toueey, and Weiler—22
NAYS — Messrs Adams, Allen, Bayard, Bell of New
Hampshire, Bell of Tenness.ee, Benjamin, Brodhcad, Col-
lauter, Uouiejiys, Crutcndeu,J)mkee, Evans, Fessendcn,
Fish, Foot, Fo-ter, Geyer, flRle, James. Piatt, Sewaid,
Thompson of Kentucky, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and
Wught—26.
So the motion was rejected.
Mr. PUGH. I am not exactly prepared at
this time to vote on the amendment offered by
the Senator from Georgia. I shall vote for it if
I am compelled to vote on the passage of the
bill, for I can discover no reason why that amend-
ment sfeould not be adopted if the original bill
prevails. We have not before us, however, the
information which will enable the Senate to as-
certain with any decree of certainty what amount
of public money will settle this class of claims,
and I do not think the Senate can act wisely on
that question.
1 will say another word, and I say it with all <
due respect. It seems to. mo that, considering |
the peculiar circumstances iu which the present j
Chief Magistiate will find himself in reference to j
this bill, if passed, being himself a beneficiary j
under it, he could not approve the bill without j
subjecting himself to some degree of censure or *
cavil. I think it behooves Congress to delay the
passage of this bill, at least to give his successor
the opportunity of exercising upon it that power i
which the Constitution i*eposes in the Chief j
Magistrate. It is with a view of testing the I
sense of the Senate on that proposition, that tlie \'
motion to postpone indefinitely having failed, |
which might be supposed to be a defeat of.the '
whole measure entirely, I now submit a motion
to postpone it to a day certain, and I name the
5th day of March next. j
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair •
doubts whether that motion is m order, being j
equivalent to the motion to postpone indefinitely, j
Mr. PUGH. I know that by parliamentary
rule it is in oider to postpone a bill to a day cer-
tain after the session.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator can move to
postpone it until the first Monday of December
next.
Mr. PUGH. Well, I move to postpone it to
the "first Monday of December next.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 24, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Biggs, Bigler, Brown, Butler,
Cass, Clay, Dodge, Douglas, Fitzpdtrick, Houston, Hunter,
Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Pu<jh, Ueid, Se-
bastian, SlideH, Stuart, Toombs, Toucey,and Weller—24.
NAYS—-Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bell of New Hamp-
shire, Bell of Tennessee, Brodhead, Collamer, Crittenden,
Durkee, Evans, Fessenden, Fish, Foot, Foster, Geyerj
James, Mason, Pratt, Seward, Thompson of Kentucky,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and Wught—23.
So the motion for postponement prevailed.
COMMITTEE ON PENSIONS.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I move that the Presi-
dent pro tempore be authorized to fill two vacan-
cies in the Committee on Pensions, one caused
by the absence of Mr. Summer, of Massachu-
setts, and the other by the expiration of the term
of service of the Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Comegys.]
The motion was agreed to.
PRIVATE CALENDAR..
Mr. WELLER. I hope, by common consent,
we shall now proceed to the consideration of the
Private Calendar.
There being no objection, the suggestion was
acceded to. The first private bill on the Calendar
was the bill (S. No. 305) for the relief of Obed
Hussey.
Mr. STUART. T move to postpone the con-
sideration of that bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
GEORGE M.GORDON.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 312) to vest
the title to certain warrants for land in George
M. Gordon. It proposes to authorize the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, under such
regulations as he may prescribe, to recognize the
assignment made to George M. Gordon, on the
21st day of January, 1852, by Edmund Hugill,
sergeant in Captain Gordon's conjpany, third
regiment of United States infantry, and James
Mclntyre, a private of thf same company and
regiment, to whom warrants Nos. 78402 and
78403 respectively, were issued on the 13th of
July, 1853, so as to vest the legal title to the war-
rants in Gordon, his heirs or assigns, according
to the intention of the parties.
The petitioner, whilst acting as sutler at the
post of Fernandes de Taos, in the Territory of
jNJew Mexico, on or about the 21st of February,
1852, acted as the attorney of Edmund Ilugili, a
sergeantinCa'ptainGordon'scompany,third regi-
ment United States infantry, and James Mcln-
tyre, a private of the same company and regiment,
in piocunng their bounty land warrants, pursu-
ant to the act of February 11, 1847. The appli-
cations were forwarded to the Commissioner of
Pensions; but owing to the fact of the certificate
of the clerk of the second judiciary district couit
in the Territory not being authenticated by the
seal of office, the applications were suspended for
about eighteen months, and the warrants only
issued after the personal application of the pe- I
titioner, on the 12th of July, 1853* and upon a j
statement made by him to the Commissioner of j
Pensions, that no seal was attached to the clerk's i
office. |
The petitioner, u^p the urgent solicitations of
the soldiers named, whose terms of service weie j
on the eve of expiring, purchased of them the
right lo their respective warrants, on the 21st of
January, 1852, and paid to each of them the full '
market value, anticipating that the applications
would bo acted upon by the proper officer in due
season, and that the warrants would be received
m time to have the usual assignments indorsed
by ttie soldiers named. The failure of the receipt
of the warrants, owing to a seeming informality
in the papers, and no intelligence having been
received by him from the Pension Office explain-
ing the cause of the delay, and which could have
been readily removed, the petitioner has been
subjected to considerable loss, inasmuch as, the
so(diers' terms of service having expired, they
left the Territory months before the petitioner
arrived in Washington, and received the war-
| rants.
| The bill was reported to the Senate without
j amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
; third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CHARLfeS LUCAS AND JOHN "T.REDB. '
The next billon the.Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 334) for the relief of Charles Lucas, or his
legal representatives, and for other purposes;
which was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to confirm the title of Charles Lu-
cas, or his lea;al representatives, to one hundred
and twenty-five acres and fifty-eight one, hun-
dredths of an acre, part and parcel of a tr^^of
 1 1 % 'bufteen
^ of
three hundred and twenty-three acres and fourteen
one hundredths of an acre, located by virtue of 4
New Madrid certificate No. 213, corresponding
to survey No. 2592, lying- in the Palmyra, Mis-
souri, land district; and also to confirm the title
of John T. Redd to the residue of the land -in-
cluded in the location under the certificate No.
213.
The act <#f 1815, granting relief to the New
Madrid sufferers, limited the relief to any one
person notexceeding six hundred and forty acres.
Two tracts relinquished in tfae name of Charles
Lucas amounted to eight hundred and thirty-
seven sixty-nine one hundredths acres, being an
excess of one hundred and ninety-seven sixty-
nine one hundredths acres over the amount lim-
ited by law; but as the land passed through the
hands of innocent third persons, tho committee
think justice requires that the locations be con-
firmed.
Mr. GEYER. I ask that this bill be laid over
for a moment. I have learned that there is a
mistake in the description of one of tho fractional
sections, in giving the west for the east, or the
east for the west—which I can only ascertain by
reading the report.
The bill was passed over informally.
Subsequently, Mr. BENJAMIN moved to'
amend the descriptive part of tho hill by striking
out{< west," and inserting " east," so as to read
" the east half of the south quarter of section'
twenty-five."
The amendment was agreed to. The bill was
reported to the Senate as amended ; and the
amendment made as in Committee of the Whole
was concurred in. The hill was ordered to bo
engrossed for a third reading, was road the third
time, and passed.
PIERRE CAZELAR.
The bill (8. No. 335) for tho relief of tho heirs
and legal representatives of Pierre Cazelar was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to confirm the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Pierre Cazelar in all the right,
title, and interest now hold or possessed by tho
United States in and to a certain plantation or
tract of land situated on'the right bank of tho
Mississippi river, about one league below tho
city of New Orleans, measuring eleven arpents,
twenty-two toises, and four feet front on the
river, by a depth of seventy arpents, running
north and south, between parallel lines, being a
plantation held and cultivated by him, and those
under whom he derived title, since the year 1764.
The heirs of Pierre Cazelar, deceased, and
those under whom they claim, have been in pos-
session and have cultivated the plantation from
the year 1764 to June 24, 1854, the filing of their
petition, a period of ninety years. The claimants,
at the time of the appointment of commissioners
to adjust private land claims m Louisiana, did
not file their claim before the commissioners, be-
lieving they then possessed a legal title to the
land.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
TAMPICO VOLUNTEERS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 242^ for the relief of the Tampico volunteers,
which was reported from the Committee ori Mil-
itary Affairs adversely.
Air. WELLER. "The Senator from Florida
who is absent, [Mr. Yulee,] takes^some interest
in this bill, and I suggest the propriety of passing
it over until next Friday.
It was passed over.
JOHN B. AND PELAGIE FARfUBAULT.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 349) for the relief of John B. and Pclagie
Farribault, of Minnesota Territory.
