1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the command of the American forces collected to
oppose his progress. He was the owner of a
large'estate in the line of General Burgoyne's
march, and furnished from his mills in the neigh-
borhood the lumber for buildifig the bridge across
the Hudson at Bcmis Heights; it was a structure
of much importance and cost, being about a half
a mile in length. The-mansion house, horses,
and out-buildings of General Schuyler were ail
burned and destroyed by order of General Bur-
goyn*; and the value of the property, as esti-
mated by General Burgoyne, which was thus
destroyed, was not less than ten thousand pounds
sterling. Whether any payment was made to
General Schuyler on account of the material fur-
nished for the bridge above-mentioned, or any
compensation made for the loss occasioned by
the destruction of his property, the committee
arc unable to state. The books of the Depart-
ment make no mention of such payment or
allowance.
In consequence of these several losses, and the
consequent embarrassment of his private affairs,
General Schuyler tendered to Congress his res-
ignation ; it was not accepted, and he still re-
tained his commission. Subsequently, he again
tendered it, and in 1779 it was accepted. But for
the embarrassment of his private affairs, no doubt
General Schuyler would have remained in the
service till the close of the war. In that event
he would, of course, have been entitled to five
years' full pay, or to his commutation. In view
of the causes which induced or compelled him to
leave the service, the committee think that he and
his representatives are entitled to the same con-
sideration to which they would have been entitled
had lie remained in the service till the close of the
war. They therefore report and recommend the
passage of the bill, granting to the petitioner five
years' pay.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOHN" SCOTT AND SURETIES.
The bill (S. No. 3£>4) for the relief of John
Scott, Hill W. House, and Samuel 0. House,
was rend a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to release John Scott, principal,
and Hill W. House and Sa#nuel O. House, sure-
tics, from a judgment recovered against them by
the United States, on the 4th of April, 1855, in
the district court for the northern district of
Florida, upon a contract awarded to John Scott
for carrying the mail upon route No. 3503, from
New Orleans to Key West, from the 15th of
January, 1853, to the 30th of June, 1855, if Scott
and his sureties shall pay §1,000 in discharge of
the judgment.
Mr. STUART. What is the amount of the
* original judgment?
Mr. ADAMS. I do not recollect the precise
amount. It is several thousand dollars, and is
the amount of the forfeiture on the bond. The
committee estimated the actual damage sustained
at $1,000.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
informed by the Secretary that the amount men-
tioned m the report is $20,000.
Mr. ADAMS. It was a steamer contract.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
LAURENT MILLAUDON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No 369) for the relief of Laurent Millaudon;
which was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to confirm Laurent Millaudon in
his title to two tracts of land lying on the east
side of Mobile bay, in Alabama, being the two
tiacts of laud known as the De Feriot claims, as
surveyed in 1830, and approved of by the sur-
veyor general in 1835, with the exception of so
much off of the north end as has heretofore been
surveyed nnd confirmed to William Patterson,
and included within what is known as the Pat-
terson claim, as now located.
Under the provisions of the act of 1812, author-
izing the investigation of land titles south of the
thirty-first degree, and east of the Mississippi,
an individual, without any authority for so doing,
filed two alleged Spanish permits for lands on the
east side of the Mobile bay, in favor of J. B.
Lorendine in the behalf of the Baron de Feriot;
these claims were favorably reported upon by
Commissioner Crawford. Subsequent to this re-
port, but before Congress had any action thereon,
one Arthur L. ^imms became the purchaser of
the right of De Feriot to the lands; and on the
3d of March, 1819, Congress passed an act con-
firming all the claims favorably reported by the
Commissioner; and, under that act, the claims
were regularly surveyed by the properofficers in
1830, and confirmed by the surveyor general in
1835, and are represented on the phits of the
public surveys as the De Feriot claims, in town-
ship C, south of range two east, in the St. Ste-
phen's district, Alabama. On the 20th of March,
1837, Laurent Millaudon, relying upon the repre-
sentations made to him of the genuineness of those
claims, and upon all the previous action of the
officers of the Government and of Congress, by
which they were declared to be valid and good
titles, and as covering lands to which the Gov-
ernment had no claim, became the purchaser of
certain portions of them from Simms. Mr. Mil-
laudon, an innocent purchaser of a title which he
had every reason to believe, from all the previous
action of the Government, was a perfect one,
after an outlay of upwards of $100,000 upon the i
land, now.finds that that title, if not void, is at i
least questionable, and that all his expenditure !
is upon lands, perhaps, belonging to the United
States. i
The bill was reported to the Senate without 1
amendment, ordered to be en^tossed tor a third
reading, read the third time, and pnsscd.
GEORGE A. MAGRUDER.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S 1
No. 371) for the relief of George A. Magruder, '
which was reported from the Court of Claims.
It was read a second time. i
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay \
to George A. Magruder, a commander in the
Navy, $3,830 J 2, being the sum now due to him, i
by law, for his services as captain of the frigate !
Columbia, from the 18th of April, 1838, to the
28th of June, 1840.
Mr. STUART. We can know very little
about these cases, unless they are explained. I
confess I do not understand why, if this amount
is due to this officer " by law," it is not paid at
the Treasury Department. The bill says it is
due to him u by law." If it is it should be paid.
I hope it w-ill be explained; and if not, I should
like to hear the report read.
Mr. BRODIIEAD. The opinion of the Court
of Claims is among the papers, and can be read
if desired.
The Secretary road the opinion of the court,
from which it appears that Congress, by the act
of March 3, 1835, enacted that " officers tem-
porarily performing the duties belonging to those
of a higher grade shall receive the compensation
allowed to such higher grade, while actually so
employed." A few days after the enactment of
this law, the accounting officers«published a reg- |
ulation requiring, as evidence in support of claims I
to extra pay under this act, a written acting ap- 1
pomtment from the Secretary of the Navy, or if j
the service should be called for at sea, a written !
appointment from the commanding officer of a i
squadron, or vessel on separate service. On i
March 23, 183S, the S^fetary of the Navy di- i
reeled that a greater nu inner of- officers on board !
of a vessel of war tlnfn its complement should |
not be paid. On the 24th of the same month, |!
the accounting officers issued a regulation, that .
" to authorize payments to acting officers (as j
such) there must be an acting appointment in*]
due form, corroborated by an entry on the pay j
and muster rolls, and also a certificate, to be filed '
with the accounts from the commanding officer,
stating that the officer acting has actually per-
formed tlie^ duties of the higher grade (naming
it) for the time claimed, and that there was riot
more than a complement of that grade on board,
including the acting officer, during the time he
was acting." In the judgment of the court, this
regulation prescribes a condition not required by
the act of Congress, The statute admitted any
legal evidence of the service, but the regulation
required a written appointment as evidence of
service. This was beyond the authority of the
Navy Department, or th« accounting officers.
The 'claimant having shown byth&drdiharV rules
of evidence, that he served iis captain of the Co-
lumbia from April 18, 1838, to June $8, 1840, isr
entitled to the salaryof thatgradefor that period.
Mr. STUART. There is vety great difficulty
in any gentleman, by way of first impression,
giving a full statement, or coming to a clear ap-
preciation of such a judgment as that which has„
just been read; but as I have been able to under*
stand it from the reading, I certainly am prepared
to dissent from it. If it is the pleasure of the
Senate to dispose of the question now, I will
state, in a few words, mv reasons; but if it be
preferred to let the bill he over, I will move to
postpone it until to-morrow, which will carry it
over until next Friday.
Mr. ADAMS and others. Let it go over.
Mr. STUART. I cannot consent, for one
moment, to the doctrine that a regulation of the
Secretary of the Navy is not to determine the
capacity m which an officer can act. If I under-
stand this decision, it goes that length. I move,
without going further into the case, that the bill
be^postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN DONELSON AND OTHERS.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I move an executive
session.
Mr. ADAMS. I ask my friend to postpone
that motion for a few moments, in order to let us
pass a small private bill that will give rise to no
debate.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I have no objection to
that, provided we can have an executive session
before we adjourn. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the bill to
amend the act for the relief of John Donelson
and others. It will take but little time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is that the next bill in
order ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No, sir; it is
moved to take up the bill out of its order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us go on with the
Calendar in its regular order.
Air. ADAMS. A motion was made to go into
executive session, but it was withdrawn. Thi«
is a bill simply giving further time to locate a
land warrant, to which there will be no objection
made. It is a Senate bill, and it is very important
that it should be passed now, in order to have the
action of the House of Representatives.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are several bills
in the same condition. Let us go on and pass
those that are not objected to.
Mr. AD\MS. The objection comes too late
when the billys taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not too
late. The Chair would feel himself bound to put
the question on taking up the bill, unless by gen-
eral consent.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up that bill.
The motion was not agreed to.
JOSEPH WHITE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the "bill (S.
No. 372) reported from the Court of Claims for
the relief of Joseph White.
Mr. BRODHEAD. A similar bill to this,
which the Court of Claims reported to both
Houses, was passed in the House of Represent-
atives. This morning it was reported back from
the Committee on Claims, and passed the Senate
I therefore move to postpone this bill indefinitely
The motion was agreed to.
JAMES M. LINDSAY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (&
No. 373) reported from the Court of Claims for
the relief of James M. Lindsay; which was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to confirm the claim of James M.
Lindsay, of Alabama, to fractional section twen-
ty-one, township six, range five west o'f the Ala-
bama river, except the south half of the southeast
quarter, and the south half of the southwest quar-
ter of the section, these lands being part of a res-
ervation made to Samuel and David Hale, Creek
Indians, by the treaty of the 9th of August, 1814,
between the United States and the hostile Creeks.
By the .first article of the treaty of August 9,
1814, betw&m the United States and the hostile
