m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
Creek Indians. Samuel and David Hale, chiefs of
the tribe, obtained a cession of land known as
fractional section 21, township -6, range 5 west of j
Alabama river. They occupied the land until the j
year 1826, when they sold it for a valuable con- j
sideration to one Adam Carson, assigning as a ;
title their certificate of reservation. In the year
I730 the land was levied up6n as the property of
Carson, and sold under a judgment rendered in
Alabama, by the sheriff of the county, to the
Hon. Lyman Gibbons, excepting one hundred
acres on the south side of the location. Gibbons
sold it to Henry Center, who died in the undis-
puted possession of it. Edward Center, his
devisee and executor, conveyed it to the Haiti##,
and neither the possession nor the title of the
various grantees has been questioned by any
one.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
moses noble.
The bill next in order on the Calendar was the
.bill, (S. No. 374,) reported from the Court of
Claims, for the relief ofMoses Npble; which was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
. mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury 10 pay to Moses Noble, agent for the brig
Good Hope, and ihe schooners Delta, Jasper,
Sardine, five Sisters, Commonwealth, and Two
Brothers, gl,704 68, being for fishing bounties,
Ho which those vessels became entitled in the fish-
ing season of 1852. The collector objected to
paying the bounties because there was no log-
book of the voyage produced to him.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
missouri volunteers.
The Senate next proceeded to consider the bill
(S. No 167) to provide for three months' extra
pay to the third regiment of the Missouri volun-
teers.
It proposes to construe the fifth section of the
act approved July 19, 1848, so as to give three
months' extra pay to the officers, non-commis-
sioned officers, musicians, and privates of the
third Missouri infantry regiment of volunteers,
who were mustered into the service and honor-
ably discharged.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear the
report in that case.
The Secretary read the report of the Committee
on Military Affairs of the House of Representa-
tives, from which it appears that, on July lb,
1846, a requisition was made by ®iie Secretary
of War on the Governor of Missouri for an ad-
ditional regiment of infantry. The regiment was
mustered into service, but in a month was hon-
orably discharged. The committee think that
these volunteers should, with others, receive the
three months' extra pay provided for those en-
gaged in actual service.'
Mr. COLLAMER. I feel it my duty to object
to the bill. I move that it be postponed until to-
morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
colonel john hardin.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
It. No. 272) for the relief of the heirs of the late
Colonel John Hardin.
It instructs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to the heirs of Colonel John Hardin, deceased,
$1,879 06, that being the amount of the balance
due them under the agreement between General
Wilkinson and Colonel Hardin, and to be in full
satisfaction of all claims on their part against the
Government of the Uniied States.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there a report accompany-
ing that bill?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. There was a report of
the committee of the House of Representatives,
who parsed the bill, and sent it here. The com-
mittee of this body made no report.
Mr. HUNTER. I thought *they made an
adverse report. I should like to hear the favor-
able report read, giving the grounds for the bill. -
Mr. BENJAMIN. I trust this bill will be
passed over informally, and that we shall pro-
jeeed with bills not contested. The bill has already
been once rejected by the Senate. I am certain
J it will give nse to discussion; and it appears to
me that, at this period of the session, we had
I better go on with those bills which are not sub-
■ ject to serious difficulty, and next Friday we can
take up those which are contested.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not wish to discuss it.
'p I only want to hear the report.
1 Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 move to postpone it until
to-morrow, like other contested bills." !
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I was not apprised that j
any had been postponed that have been called up j
in their order. If otherwise, I shall not oppose j
the motion. ' |
Mr. BENJAMIN. Several bills were post- j
poned—among them the bill for the relief of Obed !
Hussey, and the bill for the relief of the Missouri I
volunteers, which has just been postponed for ;
that reason. i
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not intend to do j
! anything more, if the bill shall be considered now, i
1 than state the case. I desire to do that. I will |
take no more time now than hereafter when our |
i; time will be,more precious. j
ij Mr. FESSENDEN. But the idea is not to take
jl up any bills that are contested. Several have
■ I been postponed on that account.
; Mr. CRITTENDEN. If that be the wish of
;; the Senate, certainly I shall not press this case^
- though I am very anxious to bring it to a de-
' cision.
h The bill was postponed until to-morrow.
;! enrolled bills signed.
■ l .
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
Speaker-had signed the following enrolled bills j
and resolutions; 'which thereupon received the
signature of the President pro tempore:
An act for the relief of Charles L. Denman;
An act making appropriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions for the year ending
June 30, 1858;
An set for the relief of Amos B. Corwine;
An act for the relief of Joseph White;
Joint resolution in favor of J. W. Nye; and
A resolution to authorize the Secretary of State
and the Secretary of the Interior to settle the
claim of William Carey Jones forcertain services.
salvador accardi.
The bill (S. No. 378) reported from the Court
of Claims, for the relief of Salvador Accardi, !
was read a second time, and considered as in j
Committee of the Whole. I
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the In- !
terior to place the name of Salvador Accardi upon ;
the roll of invalid pensioners, at the rate of six i
dollars per month, commencing from the 14th '<
of March, 1854. ;
Mr. STUART. I cannot recollect that case
now; but I know that complaint is made of some ,
of the adjudications made by the court on pen-
sion cases. I should like to hear some gentleman ,
who can explain this bill. If there is no one
ready to do so,*I move to postpone it till to -,
morrow. - ' '
The motion was agreed to. j
george bucknam. i
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S. i
No. 387) reported fromthc Committee on the |
Post Office and Post IpSads, providing for the ]
regular transmission oftiie mail on route 6842.
It authorizes the Postmaster General to allow !
to George Bucknam £20,000 per annum for the
remaining period of his contract for transport-
ing the mail on route 6842, between Bainbridge,
Georgia, and Appalachicola, Florida.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the further
consideration of that bill be postponed until to-
morrow. I cannot consider it a private bill.
The motion was agreed to.
manuel gonzales moro. i
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S. [
No. 389) for the relief of the legal representativf s
of Manuel Gonzales Morn,
Mr. FOSTER. I believe that a bill in the
same words was reported ill the House of Repre-
sentatives, and came here, at the last session, and
was passed. I move, therefore, that this bill be
indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN dick.
The next bill on the Calendar was the hill (S,
No. 390) for the relief of John Dick, of Flo"rida;
which was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee ofthe Whole.
It directs the Commissioner of tiie General
Land Office to cause a patent to be issued to John
Dick for certain lots, containing one hundred and
fifty-three acres, situate in East Florida, of the
lands subject to sale at St. Augustine.
Under the provisions of the act of Congress for
the armed occupation and settlement of the un-
settled part of the peninsula of E.ist Florida,
approved August 4, 1842, the petitioner filed his
notice with the register of the land office at St.
Augustine, for a " permit" to settle upon one
hundred and sixty acres of land, south of the
line dividing townships numbered nine and ten.
On the 16th of April, 1843, the register of the
land office issued " permit" No. 43 to the peti-
tioner, giving him permission to settle upon the
lands solicited, under the conditions of the act;
one of which was, "that' no right or donation
shall be acquired under this act within two miles
of any permanent military post of the United
States, established and garrisoned at the time
such settlement and residence was commenced."
This permit was canceled by the General Land
Office, on the ground that the land embraced
therein had been reserved in 1841 for military
purposes. The petitioner proves to the satisfac-
tion of the committee, that prior to his permit
being canceled he had complied with the requisi-
tions of the act, and also proves that his settle-
ment was not within four miles of any military
post established and garrisoned at the date of his
settlement, or at any subsequent time; that he
was compelled to relinquish and abandon his
settlement by virtue of the cancellation of his
" permit;" and that since that period he has con-
tinued to reside south of the line specified in the
act of Congress, and has not received lands under -
it.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
knox and campbell.
The bill (S. No. 392) for the relief of Andrew
A. H. Knox and Joseph O. Campbell, of the
State of Louisiana, w(fe read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to confirm Andrew A. H. Knox
and Joseph O. Campbell in their respective titles
to two tracts of land of four hundred acres each,
lying within what is known as the Baron de
Bastrop grant.
The " act for the settlement of certain classes
of private land claims within the limits of the
Boron de Bastrop grant," approved March 3,
1851, provided " that in the event of a final adju-
dication by the court, in favor of the United
States, on (he Baron de Bastrop claim in Louis-
iana," the register and receiver of the Ouachita
land district should give public notice of such
fact, and it should be " lawful for any original
claimants of the classes hereinafter mentioned,
their heirs or legal representatives, to file with
theaforesaid registerand receiver notices descrip-
tive of their claims, and specifying their precise
localities and area, with the testimony in support
of the same."
The second-class of claimants mentioned is as
follows: " AllJona fide claimants of * head rights'
for not exceeding six hundred and forty acres,
their heirs or legal representatives, where the
original claimant came over and settled the land
under the contract between the .Spanish Govern-
ment and De Bastrop, even though the land was
not actually sold or conveyed to such original
claimants by the said De Bastrop."
Under this act Andrew A. II. Knox and Joseph
O. Campbell, respectively, filed theirclaims before
the register and receiver, together with the evi-
dence in support of the same, and upon which
the commissioners reported favorably, as of the
second class.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to inquire what
renders any act of legislation on this subject
necessary ? If the act authorized a lawful appro-
priation of land, the same law should have author-
ized a patent. I simply desire to know what
