1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
extraordinary circumstances there are in this
case that render tins particular bill proper? If
the title has been regularly granted, the same law
that authorized the appropriation of land author-
ized a patent to be issued. Why is it necessary
that we should provide particularly for this
Da tent •
Mr. BENJAMIN. Because the General Land
Office refuses to issue a patent, unless there is a
special requisition in the act itself, and the parties
also require some muniment of title which they
can show when they desire to dispose of their
land. It is the only muniment of title they can
hare. .
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading,.was read the third time, and passed.
JOHN TEMPLE.
The next bill on the Calendar wafthc bill (S.
No. 393) for the relief of John Temple, of Lou-
isiana; which was read a second timefand con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to confirm his claim to six hundred
and seventy arpents of land in the Baron de Bas-
trop grant.
The claim of John Temple was not filed with
the commissioners under the act of 1851, provid-
ing for the adjustment of private land claims in
the Baron de Bastrop grant, on the ground, as
he alleges in his memorial, that he believed his
claim was confirmed with the Bonaventure claim,
which it adjoins. There is a regular chain of
title from Morehouse, the original guarantee, to
John Temple. The claimant and the persons
under whom he holds have been in uninterrupted
possession of a part of the lands since 1807, and
the remainder since 1812 and 1814, and the same
has been inhabited and cultivated from the dates,
respectively, up to this time. Two affidavits,
accompanying the papers, show that the lands
have been inhabited and cultivated for more than
twenty years. If this claim had been presented
to the commissioner under the act of 1851, with
the proofs now before the committee, the com-
missioners would have recommended this claim
for confirmation. The omission of the memori-
alist to present his claim to the commissioners
ought not, in the opinion of the committee, to
defeat the rights of the claimant under the act of
1851.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION
On motion of Mr. JONES, of Iowa, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 16, 1857.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. VAIL, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled a resolution (S. No. 27)
to authorize the Secretary of State and the Sec-
retary-of the Interior to settle the claim of Wil-
liam Carey Jones for certain services; when the
Speaker signed the same.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the same committee,
reported that they had examined and found truly-
enrolled an act (H. R. No. 58$) making appro-
priations for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States for the year end-
ing the 30th June, 1858; when the Speaker signed
the same.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be the reception of reports from standing'
committees on private business.
Mr. HOUSTON. There does not seem to be
a quorum present, and I move that thero be a call
of the House.
On a division, there were—aves 28, noes 73.
Mr. PHELPS. The division shows that there
is no quorum present. I demand the yeas and
"nays on the motion for a call of the House
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 52, nays 109; as follows:
YEAS — Mossis. Aiken, Allen, Bali, Bell, HendleyS.
Bennett, Bingham, Bocoek, Branch, Bioom, Burnett, John
P. Campbell, Lewi* D. Campbell, Howell Cobb, Williamson
11 XV. Cobb, Cox. Craige, Dowdell, Edmundson, Faulkj.or
Thomas J. 1). Fuller, Greenwood, Augustus TIu1,!, Ilaven,
Houston, George W. Jones, j. Glancy Jones, Lake, Letcher,
Lumpkin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Million, Morri-onj
Panic, Pack, Phelps, Quitman, Rieaud, Ruffm, Sage,
Shorter, Wilham Smith, Swope, Taylor, Tyson, Under-
wood, Walkci, Wells, Wheelot, Whitney, VYmalow, and
John V Wright—f>2.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Barbour, Hemy Bennett, Bil-
hnghurst, BI?hop} Bhss. Bowie, Ihad.^haw, Brenton, Bulfin-
ton. Chaffee, E/sra Clark, Claw<on, Clingman, CoKax, Co-
mms,Covode,Cumbaek, Dam roll, Jacob C. Davis, Timothy
Davis, Day, Dean, Denver, Dick, Dickson Dodd. Dui lee,
Edwauls, Cthoridue, Flnglei, Gnldings, Goode, Grander,
Grow, Robert B- Hall, J. Moriison Hams. llodgo«, Hollo-
way, Thomas R. Ilorton, Valentine B. Hortori, Howard,
Hushston, Jewett, King, Knnpp, Knight, Knovvlton,Knox,
Loiter, Samuel S. Mai shall. Matteson, Maxwell, Kilhaii
Miller, Moore, Morgan, Moirdl, Muriay, Nichols, Andrew
Ohvej-, Mordecai Oliver, Parker, Pelton, Pennington, Perry,
l'ettit, Pike, Porter, Powell. Punsle. Purviance, Pun oat,
Ready, Rivers, Bobbins, ftohwon, Sahm, Sapp, Scott, Sew-
aid, Sherman, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, Sneed, Spinner,
Stanton, Stranahan,Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Todd,
Tiafton, Tuppe, Vail, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Wal-
dron, Cadwalader C. Washbuuie, Ellihu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Watkm«, Watson, Williams. Wood,
WoudiuiT, Wuodworth, Daniel B. Wnght, and ZollicofFer—
109.
So a call of the House was refused.
ABSENCE OF MEMBERS.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill to increase the penalty for
the voluntary absence of members of Congress
from their.public duties, reported yesterday from
the Committee on Mileage, by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. SijnriD,] was referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Was not that bill
brought in under the general understanding that
bills were to be introduced for reference only, and
were not to be brought back on reconsideration'
The SPEAKER. It was introduced, and re-
ferred by unanimous consent, and not under the
arrangement made at the suggestion of the Chair.
The motion cannot be acted on now, but will be
entered on the Journal to be hereafter considered.
Mr. SNEED. The bill was reported and
'referred in good faith. I am and have been en-
tirely ignorant of any intention to bring it out of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union into the House in any unusual manner.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The motion is
entertained, then ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I give no-
tice that, if the motion to reconsider is agreed to,
and this bill is brought back into the House, I
shall object from this time forward to the intro-
duction *of any bill out of order.
STATISTICS OF INDUSTRY.
Mr. TYSON asked leave to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Piintmp be requested j
to report on the expediency of publishing the statistics of
indubtry a-s returned by the seventh cen-«n>, to be prepared
under the direction ofthe Ltbraiy Committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
COMMUNICATIONS REFERRED.
Mr. CAMPBELL Jj^Ohio. 1 have in my
hands several communications from the heads
of Departments in reference to an increased com-
pensation of the clerks, heads of Departments
and bureaus, which 1 think ought to be printed
for the information of the House, before any ac-
tion is proposed. I ask that they may be printed.
Mr. PHELPS. I have no objection to that,
if the gentleman will include in his request all
communications which may hereafter be received
upon the same subject.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I accept that as a
modification of my lequest.
The SPEAKER. The Chairthmks the House
must decide upon the printing of papers at the
time they are presented, and not before.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I object to the printing
of these papers.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Well, I with-
draw the application, and move to have referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means and printed
two communications from the Clerk of this House
00
in reference to the deficiency of the appropriation
of last y'jar. ' • , .
No objection being; made, the -motion was
agreed to. "* ,
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
committees for reports. m '
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, a bill (S. No. 263) for
the relief of John Hastings, collector of the foort of
Pittsburg: which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, together with the report,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. FLAGLER, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the proposition to print
one thousandtxtra copies of the letter of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, relating to the Louisville
and Portland canal, together with the maps ac-
companying the same, reported that the cost of
printing one thousand extra copies of the said
documents will, it is estimated, be $468 74; and
that, believing the printing of the extra copies, as
asked for, will be advantageous, the committee
offered the following resolution:
Re-ioli>cd} That there be prnted for the use of the House
one thou>nnd extia copies? of the letter of the Secretary of •
the Treasury, m legard to tlie Louisville and Portland
canal, together with the maps accompanying the same.
Mr. FLAGLER. I call the previous question
upon the passage of the resolution*
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire the con-
sent of the House to inquire of the chairman ofthB
Committee on Printing what reason there is for
printing tins extra number?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
debate.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
resolution on the table; and upon that motion
demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. Before the vote is taken, I
would inquire of the chairman of the Committee
on Printing, what will be the expense of printing
these documents?,
The SPEAKER. The explanation can only
be received by unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
The SPEAKER. The amount, is stated in the
report of the committee.
The question was taken on Mr. Joxes's mo-
tion; and u was decided in the negative—yeas
G6, nays 119; as follows:
VEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Bell, IJendlcy S. Bennett, BU-
linglmist, Boeock, Bowie, Branoh.Bronton, Brook*, Broom,
Bulfmton, Burnett, John P- Campbell, CarJilo, EuiaCiark,
Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson K. W. Cobb, Colfax,
Ciaige, Cuikn, Cuinback, Jacob C. Davis, Denver, Dodd,
Dowdell, Edmundson, Faulkner, Goode, Greenwood,
Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Hams, Thorna* Ij. llama,
flouuon, (lughston, George W. .fone^, J. Glancy Jones,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Maxwell, McMulhn, McQueen, Mill-
son, Millward, Pettit, Phcip-, Pin year, Quitman, Beade,
Ready, lluflin, Sabm, Scott, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith,
Stephen-, Rtew.ut. Tupp.^T.vson,'Vail, Watkin3,WhecIct,
Window, Wood, John V. Wught, and ZoilicofFoi—63.
NAYS—Me^r>. Albright, Allen, Allison, Ball, Baibour,
Henry Bennett, Bingham, Bi hop, Bliss, Brads',iaw, Burlin-
game, James II. Campbell, L<nvis D Campbell, Chaffee,
Bayard Claike, Claw^on, Comma, Covode, Cox, Damrell,
Davidson, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick,
Dickson, I)mfee, Cdwaid.-?, Emrie, Eihcndge, Cmtis,
Evan*-, Flagler. Thomas J. D. Fuller, Giddmgs, Granger,
Grow, Ilailan, S. Moui-on Karris, Haven, Herbert, Hodges,
Hoffman, Hoiloway,Thomas It. lioiton, Valentine B. Mor-
ton, Ilow.iui, Kent, Kmc, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
. Lake,Leiter, Undlev.Maec. Alexander K. Marshall, Hum-
: plney Mni=lnii. S.iimVl Marshal!, Matte-on, McCarty,
Kdhan Miller, Smuh MiM-t, Moore, Moigan,Morrill, Mor-
rison, Mott, Munay, NjcboK No-ton, Andrew Oliver,
Pain", Parkin, Peek, Ponnmgton, Perry, Porter, Pi ingle,
Pnrvnnee, Rieaud, River*, Robbing "Llobetts, Robiaon,
, Sna", R.uididue, Sapp. Soward. Sherman, Simmon?, Sneed,
Spinner, Stanton. Stianaban, Swope, Talbott, Tappan,
Taylor, Thonngton, Tinuston, Todd, Underwood, Wade,
Wakeman, Walbndge, Waldron, Walker, Cadwalader C.
; Wa-hburne, Elhhn B. Washburm1, Tsiaei Washburn, Wat-
! ^on. Wt lis. Whitney, WoodiulT, Woodworth, and Daniel
i B. Wright—119.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
upon the tabic.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to know what the
| expr-nse of this printing will be. We have just
• had presented to us this morning an estimate of
1 a deficiency of nearly a quarter of a million of
| dollars in the public printing for the current fiscal
! year.
I The.SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
I the report of the committee will afwa be read.
