THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16.
w
J£
6re being no objection, tfcte report was again
The question was then taken; and the resolu-
tion was agreed to.
Mr. FLAGLER moved to reconsider the vote
• by which the resoiution was agreed to, and also
moved that tkj motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table; wnfch latter motion was'agreed to.
* ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills,, reported as truly enrolled a bill and joint
resolution ofthe following titles; When the Speaker
feigned the same:
. Aoact (H. R. No. 365) for the relief of Charles
L. Denman; arid
* Joint resolution (H. R. No. 23) in favor of John
W.Nye., 4
.. Mr. DAVIDSON, from the same committee,
reported as correctly enrolled bills of the follow-
ing titles;, when the Speaker signed the same:
An act for the relief of Amos B. Corwine; and
Ari act for the relief of Joseph White.
FURTHER REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. KNOWLTON, from the Committee of
0 Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Brevet
Major H. L. Kendrick; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of
the Whole House,and, together with the report,
ordered to be printed.
, Mr. TAYLOR, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of W. F. Wagner;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole House, and,
together with the report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill for the relief of Isaac S.
Smith, of Syracuse, New York; which was read
a.first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole House, and, together with the
report, ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. PELTON, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the two several
tilts entitled, " A bill authorizing the purchase of a site
and the construction of a suitable building for a post office
at the city of Brooklyn, State of Yorkand " A bill
authorizing the construction of a building at Rochester,
New York, for a custom-house, post office, and United
States court-room;" and that the same be referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. EUSTIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill for the relief of Puig, Mir
& Co., of New Orleans; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. A few days ago
there was a petition of the Alexandria and
Hampshire Railroad Company referred under
the rule; but through mistake, it was sent to the
Committee for the District of Columbia, instead
of to the Committee on Public Lands. I desire
that it be withdrawn from the Committee for the
District of Colombia, and deferred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. '
It was so ordered.
Mr. OTERO asked leave to introduce a bill
making a grant of land to the Territories of New
Mexico and Kansas, and the State of Missouri,
in alternate sections, to aid in the construction of
a railroad insaid Territories and States.
Mr. BURNETT objected.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass, an act (S. No. 200) for the
relief of Adam D. Steuart; which was referred
to the Committee of the "Whole House, and or-
dered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, it was
Ordered,, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be discharged from the further consideration of the petition
in the case of the heirs of Captain James Muoford ■ and !
that the report be laid on tile table and printed."
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, it wag
Ordered, That the said committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the petitions in the following cases '
and that they be referred to the Court of Claims: '
In the case of the heirs of Hudson Martin j
In the case of Samuel Gay ;
In the ca^e of the widow of William Tees ? and
In the case of the petition of the hens of Willis Wilson.
Mr. SANDIDGE, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported a bill to revive an act
entitled "An act tor tb« relief of the heirs Or legal
representatives of William Conway,deceased;"
which was read a first and second time, referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. KENNETT. There was a private bill
passed at the last session of Congress for the
relief of Pascal L. Cerre, which has now been
passed by the Senate with an immaterj^J amend-
ment. I ask, as this is private bill day, that the
bill be taken up and passed to-day. It is a case
of great merit.
The bill was reported as follows:
An act (H. R. No. 226) to authorize the legal
representatives of Pascal L. Cerre to enter certain
lands in the State of Missouri.
Mr. KENNETT. It will not take"more than
a very few minutes to explain the circumstances
of this case.
Objection was made.
Mr. PORTER, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported the following bills; which
were severally read a first and second time, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of Regis Loisel, or his legal
representatives;
A bill for tjie relief of Manuel D. Liza and
Joachim D. Liza, or their legal representatives;
and
A bill for the relief of Jesse Haynes.
On motion of Mr. PORTER, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Private Land Claims be
discharged from the further consideration of the petition of
Hugh Stephenson, and that the report be laid upon the
table.
Mr. SAPP, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported bills of the following titles;
which were read afirst and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying reports, ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of Jamas B. Wood;
A bill for the relief of Simeon Stedman; and
A bill for the relief of Mary Ann Williams.
Mr. SAPP, from the same committee, made
adverse reports in the following cases; which
were laid upon the table and ordered to be printed.
Petition of George W. Smith;
Memorial of citizens of Ohio, praying for an,
amendment to the act of March 3d, 1855;
Petition of Esther Wilson;
Petition of R. A. Wainwright;
Petition of Horatio Groomes;
Petition of A. W. Desmak;and
Petition of Julia A. Magan.
Mr. CLARK, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported a bill for the
relief of Mrs. Elizabeth M. Churchill, widow of
the late Captain William H. Churchill, of the
United States Army; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLARK also made on adverse report
from the same committee, in the case of James
E. Stewart; which was laid on the table and
ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, of New York, it
was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition and
papers of Terry Runnells, ajBfchat the same be laid on the
table.
r consider:
rom the
Mr. DENVER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, made an adverse report in the case
of Kerr, Bracely & Co.; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that it
do pass, an act (S. No. 404) for the relief of the
officers and privates of the Clinton Guards, of
the county of Macomb, in the State of Michigan;
which was referred to a Committee ofthe Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENSON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back sundry petitions, memo-
rials, and remonstrances, relative to the action
of the late naval retiring board, and sundry re-
monstrances of ship-owners and masters of ves-
sels, of Charleston, South Carolina, against the
adoption of a uniform system of marine signals;
which were laid on the table. °
Mr. BROOM, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, repo*ted bills and a joint
resolution of the following titles; which were
severally read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying reports, ordered to be printed
A bill for the relief of Thomas Moody;
A bill for the relief of Nancy Weeks, widow
of Francis Weeks, a revolutionary pensioner;
A bill for the relief of the children of William
Humphrey; and
A joint resolution relative to the services of
Brigadier General Andrew Pickens, of South
Carolina, in the war of the Revolution. ..
- Mr. MILLER, of New York, fratis-.^k same
committee, reported bills of the followltyf;titles;
which were severally read a first and seeonihime,'
referred to a Committee of the Who!e;House|
and, with gut accompanying reports, ordered to
be printed!^
A. bill for the relief of the children of Hannah
Wilcox, Ip® late widow of David White, a revo-
lutionary "soldier;
A bill for the relief of the children of Tonsant
Lavainway; and
A bill for the relief of Jacob Jero, for arrears
of pension due to his father, Baptist Jero, for
services in the revolutionary war.
Mr. KNAPP, from the same committee, re-
ported bills of the following titles; which wertS
severally read a first and second time, referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying reports, ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of the children of Ira John-
son, a revolutionary soldier; and
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Robert Mc-
Neill.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, reported bills of the
following titles; which were severally read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
ports, ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth E. V. Field;
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Monroe; and
A bill for the relief of Mary W. Thompson.
Mr. CRAIGE. Has the morning hour expired?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. CRAIGE. I move, then, that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Does not a motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar take precedence ?
The SPEAKER. The tariff bill is the special
order in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union; and although this is private bill
day, the Chair is of opinion that the motion in-
dicated by the gentleman from Ohio does not
take precedence of the motion of the gentleman
from North Carolina.
Mr. Craige's motion was disagreed to.
Mr. MORGAN, frojp the Committee on Pat-
ents, made an adverse report in the rase of W.
W. Woodworth; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PAINE, from the same committee, re-'
ported, by unanimous consent, a bill to amend
the several acts now in force relative to the Patent
Office; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WOODWORTH. I wish to state that it
was my intention, when the bill was introduced
yesterday from the Committee on Mileage by
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Sneed,] in
reference to the compensation of members of
Congress, to offer an amendment, with a view
of having it printed with the bill; but I was
engaged at the time, and did not have an oppor-
tunity to present it, and 1 now ask the unan-
imous consent of the House'to offer the amend-
ment and have it printed.
Leave was granted.
Mr. AIKEN, from the Committee on the
Library, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, an act (S. No. 363) lo procure a
bust in marble of the late Chief Justice John
Rutledge, and moved the previous question upon
it.
The previous question was seconded, and the,
mam question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, th t>ill was read the third time.
