356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
then severally ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, were accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed:
A bill (H. R. No. 505) for the relief of John
L. Vattier.
A bill (H. R. No. 508) for the relief of the
heirs of Jacques Godfroy.
A bili (H. R. No. 511) granting a pension tol
Martha Elliott, widow of Samuel Elliott, a sol- :
dier of the war of 1812.
A bill (H. R. No. 514) for the relief of Tar-
rance Kirby.
A bill (H. R. No. 515) for the relief of John
Draut.
A bill (H. R. No. 516) for the benefit of Wil- j
liam L. Oliver.
A bill (H. R. No. 524) for the relief of Ben-
jamin R. Gantt; and
A bill (H. R. No. 240) for the relief of the
officers and privates of the Clinton Guards, of
the county of Macomb, in the State of Michigan.
The following bills were reported by the com-
mittee with amendments, and with a recommend-
ation that they do pass:
A bill (H. R. No. 520) for the relief of John
Houser;
A bill (H. R. No. 510) for the relief of Samuel
S. Haight; and
A bill (H. R. No. 517) granting a pension to
Franklin W. Aimstrong, of Hardin county,
Kentucky.
The amendments were agreed to; and the bills
as amended were ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrosspd, were
severally read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SAPP moved to reconsider the votes by
which the bills were passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
• The committee also recommended that the
House affirm the adverse report of the Court of
Claims (No. 40) in the case of H. L. Thistle.
The recommendation was concurred in.
The bill (H. R. No. 522) for the relief of Jacob
Hall, contractor on mail route No. 8912, from
Independence, Missouri, to Santa Fe, New Mex-
ico, reported with the recommendation that it do
not pass, was laid upon the table.
A bill (H. R. No. 518) for the relief of Mary
F. Swan was reported, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York, moved to amend
the bill by striking out"" §3 50" and inserting
" §8" per month.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
_ Mr. OLIVER, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE—REPORT FROM
THE INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I am instructed by the investigating com-
mittee to report the following preamble and reso-
lution :
Whereas, Joseph L. Chester has been duly summoned
to appear and testify before a committee of this House,
appointed in pursuance of a resolution passed on the 9th
instant, to investigate certain charges of corrupt combina-
tions of members of this House, for the purpose of passing
and of preventing the passage of certain measures during
the present Congress; and whereas, the said Joseph L.
Chester has neglected to appear before said commitee, pur-
suant to said summons: Therefore
Resoh-ed, Tnat the Speaker issue his warrant, directed j
to the Sergeant-at-Arms, commanding bim, the said Ser- [
geant-at-Arms, to take into custody the body of the said i
Joseph L. Chester, wherever to be found, and the same
forthwith to have before the said House, at the bar thereof,
to answer as for a contempt of the authority of tins House. !
I call the previous question on its adoption. !
The previous question was sustained; and the '
main question ordered to be put. j
Mr. PAINE demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers on the :
.yeas aod nays. {
Tellers were not ordered. The yeas and nays
were not ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the
fjwointion.be laid on the table.
Mr. PAINE demanded the yeas ar<fj pays.
Th« y«as and nays were not ordered. -
Mr. McMULLIN. This is an important
question, and ought to be carefully looked into.
I therefore move that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. ORR. I ask that the precept to, and
return of, the Sergeant-at-Arms be read.
They were read, as follows:
By authority of the Ilo'-'f of Rcpresmtatives of the Con-
gress of the United States of America.
To A. J. Glossbrenner, Esq., Sergeant-at-Jlrms.
You are heieby commanded to summon Joseph L.Ches-
ter, to be and appear before the sulpot committee of the
House of Representatives of the United State.--, appointed
to investigate certain charges of coirupt combinations to ,
effect the passage of certain measures before Congress, in i
their chamber in the Capitol, in the city of Washington, on |
the loth instant, at the hour often o'clock, a. m., then and i
there to testify touching matters of inquiry committed to
said committee; and he w not to depart without leave of
said committee.
Herein fail not, and make return of thi«* summons.
Witness my hand, and the seal of the House of Repre-
r •* sentatives of the United States, at the city of Wash-
L J ington, this 19th day of January, 1857.
N. P. BAiVKS, Jr., Speaker.
Attest: VVilliam CtfLLOMj Clerk.
Served by handing to the within-named Joseph L. Ches-
ter a written and printed notice ot the order of the com-
mittee this 14th day of January, ]8>7.
A.J. GLOSSBRENN'ER, Ser%eant-at-Jlmn$,
House of Representatives United, States.
Mr. McMULLIN. I appeal to the gentleman
from Tennessee to withdraw his motion to lay on
the table.
-Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not think
this House has power to arrest a man, and oppor-1
tunity has not been afforded me to record ray vote
against this resolution. :
Mr. PAINE. I call the gentleman to order. \
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. |
Mr. ORR. I ask the unanimous consent of the j
House to make an explanation of this resolution, j
There was no objection. ■
Mr. ORR. The select committee have not ;
acted in this matter without looking carefully ;
into the authorities which they think not only j
sustain, but sustain to the fullest extent, the '
application now made. A case occurred in 1818:
a party applied to a member of this House, pro-
posing to pay him a pecuniary consideration if
he would consent to make a favorable report from
a committee of which he was a member on a
certain claim. The member was Hon. Lewis
Williams, of North Carolina. He reported the
fact to the House, and the House ordered the
arrest of the party in exactly the language of
the pending resolution. This resolution is a copy
of that. The party was brought before this
House; and after trial, he was reprimanded by the
Speaker—this beinj* all the punishment inflicted
on him, therd beiifpmitigating circumstances in
the case. After he had been discharged from
the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms, the sentence
of the House having been executed, he instituted
his action against the Sergeant-at-Arms for false
imprisonment. It was tried m the circuit court
of the United States. The decision was against
the plaintiff. The case was carried then to the
Supreme Court of the United States, and it was
there decided that this House had the authority
claimed, that it had been pioperly exercised, and
that it was a protection to the Sergeant-at-Arms,
and dismissed the complaint.
This is the precedent; and if the unanimous
opinion of the Supreme Court is to control in this
matter, this resolution ought to pass. The wit-
ness in this case was subpenaed. You have the
evidence of that fact before* you. He failed to
attend. It is a contempt of the House. If you
have not power to enforce the attendance of wit-
nesses, and compel them to testify, then your
investigations are a mere mockery; and, for one,
I shall not continue a member of a committee that;
has no authority to enforce the power of the j
House by requiring the attendance of witnesses \
to testify to facts within their knowledge. With- I
out such power the investigation must fail. The 'i
power which wo. desire the House now to exer- I;
cise is sustained by the highest judicial tribunal 'j
in the country.
Mr. RITCHIE. I would suggest to the gen- '
tleman from South Carolina that, in the case he ■,
has cited, the warrant was held to be a full pro- .j
tection to the officer, although it did not specify
what the contempt was. The Supreme Court .j
said that the House was the judge of that, and this !;
case of a recusant witness, or a witness refusing ti
to answer, was exjire*wly stated. is
Mr, BROOM. I have been informed this
moming, and I think it is due to Mr. Chester
to state [Cries of " Order !"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Unless there be objection, the gentleman wili
proceed. The Chair hears no objection, and the
gentleman will proceed.
Mr. BROOM. It. is simply this
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection comes too late.
Mr. BROOM. I was informed this morning
that Colonel Chester is sick, and unable to be
present; and I wish to inquire of the committee
whether they offer, or can oifer, any evidence
that Mr. Chester refused to attend, m compliance
with the subpena, before they proceeded to con-
vict him of contempt?
Mr. PAINE, i think that is of no conse-
quence in determining the question before the
House, and I object to any discussion.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, and the House refused
to lay the resolution upon the table.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. KEITT, (at three
o'clock and thirty-five minutes,) the House ad-
journed.
. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 17, 18.17.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MAJOR GENERAL ARTHUR ST. CLAIR.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. There was a
bill passed over yesterday, in Committee of the
Whole, through a misunderstanding. I under-
stand that no one objected to Us passage. There
are circumstances of a peculiar character which
render it fit, I think, that the bill should be passed;
and I move, for that purpose, that the Commit-
tee of the Whole House be discharged from the
further consideration of the bill (S. No. 319) for
the relief of the heirs of Major General Arthur
St. Clair.
No objection heing made, the motion was enter-
tained, and agreed to; and the bill was brought
before the House for action, when it was ordered
to be read a third time, and was accordingly read
the third time, and'passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES, ETC.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
committees for reports of private bills.
Mr. WASHBORNE, of Illinois. I have in
my hand a bill and a petition which have been
improperly referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. One is a bill granting lands to the State
of Wisconsin to aid in the improvement of the
navigation of the "Wisconsin river. The other is
a petition of John S. Tomlin and others, citizens
of Tennessee, praying an appropriation for the
construction of a building for the use of the United
States court, pension office, and post office, at
Jackson, Tennessee. I ask that the Committee
on Commerce may be discharged from the further
consideration of the bill ana petition, and that
they be referred to the appropriate committees.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is not a
private bill, and I object.
The SPEAKER. The motion can only be
entertained by unanimous consent, and objection
is made.
Mr. SrARNETT, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, reported a hill (or the relief of
the heirs of Philip Lightfoot; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the report, ordered
to be printed.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on llevo'uuonsry Claims
be discharged from the further consideration ot'the petition
of the heirs of Surgeon Samuel Attains, ot the i\fa?saehu-
pctts hue, and that the jeuiu: be laid upon the table.
Mr. OTERO, by unanimous consent, and in
