358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
Havin* come to this conclusion, I hope the j Secretary of State ad interim together on several
House will grant me its attention for a few mo- jj occasions, and chief clerk and Secretary of the
ments, in considering the claim, the opinion of u Treasury ad interim together on several other oc«
the court, and the reasoning of the committee. |[ casions. Let there be no controversy as to that,
Let me start by saying to the House that the • for the proof establishes it, and the court, com-
claims is of this character: Mr. Dickins, years mittee, and claimant nil concede it.
ago—as lon  ago a3 1830, under General Jack- M Now, the House will observe that the point of
son's administration, was chief clerk in the Sec- | the decision by the Court of Claims is, that a
retary of State's office, and at another time, jj man may lawfully perform the duties of two
during the same administration, was chief clerk ji offices during the same term, and that when he
in the office of the Secretary of the Treasury, jl holds the appointment, and performs the duties
While he was such chief clerk in the Secretary
of State's office, and discharging his duty as
such chief clerk, the President, by commission
under his hand and seal, duly commissioned
him, on several and different occasions, to per-
form the duties of Secretary of State in the one
case, and of Secretary of the Treasury in the
other, whilst those two officers respectively were
absent from the seat of Government, or sick, so
they could not perform the duties of their respect-
ive offices; and it is for the purpose of recovering
his corhpensation as Secretary of State ad interim,
and as Secretary of the Treasury ad interim, on i
those occasions, that this claim is presented by '
Mr. Dickins. |
Now, sir, this whole question arises under, :
and is disposed of, by the 8th section of the act j
of Congress, passed in 1792. It is purely a ques- '
tion of law, and is to be decided by the statutes ;
of the United States. 1
Mr. SIMMONS. I desire to ask the gentleman
from New York whether the Court-of Claims de-
ducted from the compensation to be paid to this
man, his compensation as chief clerk ?
Mr. HAVEN. No, it did not. I desire the
House to bear in mind that this claim is based
upon the hypothesis that the claimant is entitled
to compensation as chief clerk, while performing
of the two for the same time by lawful appoint-
ment, he is entitled to the compensation and
emoluments affixed by law to the two.
This, of course, is, when there is no legal inhi-
bition against a man holding a plurality of offices
—that is a matter for us. We nave never passed
any enactment against it; certainly we had not
when these various services were performed.
Such is the decision of the Court of Claims in
this case; and it follows precisely a decision of
the circuit court of the United States in the fifth
circuit: the case of the United States vs. White,
cited and quoted from in the opinion of Judge
Blackford in this case.
The Committee of Claims, in its report, con-
cedes this fact. The committee admits that it
finds not only the Court of Claims in the way of
its conclusions, but also the decision of the circuit
court of the United States, pronounced by Chief
Justice Taney. On the first page of the report
of the committee, after stating the grounds of the
decision of the Court of Claims, the committee
say:
" The Court of Claims, in support of these grounds, cue
a decision of the circuit court of the United States for the
district of Manland in a case in winch the question came
up as to the right of a navy asent, who had been appointed
acting purser, to claim an additional compensation for his
services whilst acting in that capacity. '1 he circuit court,
the duties of chief clerk, and that while discharg- | i in that case, as is shown by the opinion delivered in it by
ing those duties, he having also performed the \\ Jastice^Taney, which is embodied in the opinion of
duties of Secretary ad interim, he is also entitled
to the compensation of that officer, and that by
this bill he will get the compensation for both
services, that is—as chief clerk and as Secretary
ad interim. So the House will understand the
case fairly to start with.
Nosv, sir, as I was proceeding to say, this
claim rests upon the eighth section of the act of
3792, United States Statutes at Large, page 281.
I will read it:
" Be it further enacted. That in the case of the death,
absence from the seat of Government, or sickness of the
Secretary of State, Secretary of the Treasury, or the Sec-
retary of the War Department, or of any officer of either of
said Departments, whose appointment is not in the head
thereof, whereby they cannot perform the duties of their
respective offices.it shall be lawful for the President of tho
United States, in case he shall think it necessary, to author-
ize' '—
and I call the attention of the House to the lan-
guage—
c' to authorize any person or persons, at his discretion, to
perform the dtdies &f the said rssj/eclive offices until a suc-
cessor is appointed, or until such absence or inability by
sickness shall cease."
Now, sir, by the President's commission, under
his hand and seal, lie did authorize this man to
perform the duties of these two offices at differ-
ent times, on various occasions, and Mr. Dick-
ins did perform those duties at different times
and on various occasions; so that the aggregate
of such times was three hundred and eleven days,
OS appears by this report. There is no doubt
about these facts; the Committee of Claims, the
Court of Claims, and the claimant, all agree in
regard to them. Upon these facts the Court of
Claims held that the claimant, being chief clerk,
and performing those duties, is entitled to his
compensation as chief clerk for the days and
times when, as such, he performed those duties.
Then it is held, further, that having been ap-
pointed to the office of Secretary of State ad
interim, and having discharged and performed the
duties of that office, he is also entitled to the com-
pensation which the law gives to that office whilst
he so performed the duties of that office. The
court further held, that having at other times been
duly authorized by the President to perform the
duties of the Secretary of the Treasury ad interim,
and having at sucli other times performed all the
duties of the latter office, he is also entitled to the
compensation which the law gives to that office
whilst he so performed its duties.
He discharged and performed all these several
duties at different times, and was chief clerk and
the Court of Claims, certainly decided in favor of the right,
and upon the game grounds."
So that we start out with the decision of the
Circuit Court of the United States in the fifth
circuit, conceded by the Committee on Claims to
have been certainly decided in favor of the right
to compensation for the two offices at the same
time, on the same grounds on which the Court
of Claims has put this case.
Now, sir, in the next sentence of the opinion
of the committee, they say that " after the most
anxious reflection 011 the whole subject, they have
been entirely unable to agree in opinion upon it
with the Court of Claims, and deem it their duty
to assign the reasons which have operated on
! their minds, and compelled them to express their
! unanimous dissent from the positions on which
j the recommendations of the court are founded,"
; and then they undertake to express their reasons
, for such dissent, and to some of those reasons I
! will now call the attention of the House,
j They seem to be impressed with the idea that
| no person can be authorized by the President to
\ perform the duties of the head of a Department
ad interim, unless he be a clerk in that Depart-
ment.
On the third page of their report they say that
" the eighth section of the act of May 8, 1792,
gave that power"—that is, the power of the Pres-
ident to select any person or persons, and com-
mission him or them to discharge certain duties 
" and no other." I quote:
" It did not create a new office, or authorize a new ap-
pointment to an old office. It, 111 point of fact, conferred
the power on the President of intrusting the disellaigeof
the duties of one office to the incumbent of another office,
and nothing more."
Now, sir, this view of the matter is a mistake,
which lies at the- very bottom of the opinion, and
of every word of the reasoning of the Committee
of Claims. They say that the eighth section of
the act of 1792 only authorizes the President to
select a man who holds an office to perform the
duties of the head of a Department, when such
head is unable, from illness or absence, to perform
them; that it only authorizes the President to
"intrust the discharge of the duties of one office
to the incumbent of another office, and nothing
more."
Why, sir, the express language of the eighth
section is, that he may authorize any person or
persons. He is by no means confined to office-
holders. He has the range of the whole Union
in making the selection.
The committee even go further, and immedi-
ately below what I have just read, tlu-y say:
"There hu> not been an instance, from tiic passage of the
act of 17S2 to ttie present time, of this power ooid'erreri on
the President," [under said eiaiiuli section.] " liavuu; been
cxereised by lurn by the selection of .1 person not then in
thepublic serrice, and m the public service m the veiy De-
partment where the duties n.-ete to /.e pa firmed; nor is it
conceivable that U could i:C ezercUed in ami other manner."
Now here is a great obliviousness of the his-
tory and action of the Government.
If my recollection is correct, during the Admin-
istration immediately preceding this one, when
the Secretary of State, Mr. Webster, was out of
health, or absent, the then Attorney General,
Mr. Crittenden, was commissioned by the Pres-
ident as Secretary of State ad interim; and some
of the ablest dispatches written to the Court of
Spain, and, 1 think, to other Courts, in reference
to the filibustering difficulties in regard to Cuba,
were written by him while so acting as Secretary
of State ad interim. I recollect an instance, too,
when the Attorney General, in an antecedent
Administration, acted as Secretary of War ad
interim, and also when the Postmaster General
acted as Secretary of the Interior ad interim. I
think I may add, that while Mr. J. Q.. Adams
was President of the United States, Mr. Southard,
Secretary of the Navy, was authorized to per-
form the duties of Secretary of the Treasury
during the illness of Mr. Rush; while General
Jackson was President, Mr. McLane, Secretary"
of the Treasury, was authorized to perform the
duties of Secretary of State during the absence
of Mr. Livingston; while Mr. Polk was Presi-
dent, Mr.Toucey, Attorney General, was author-
ized to perform the duties of Secretary of State
during the absence of Mr. Buchanan. There
were other instances; yet these gentlemen report
that it is not conceivable that any person could be
so authorized, except some one in the same Depart-
ment, and holding an office there.
Why, sir, if you were President, and if the
Secretary of State, or the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, should, at a critical time, and when public
affairs were complicated and difficult, be taken ill,
and if you, as President, should see fit not to
dispense with his services ultimately, but that he
should have to leave the capital for the purpose
of recruiting his health, is it to be said that you
would not be at liberty to select any other, man,
either in or out of the Department, or in or out
of office, whom you might deem fit to discharge
the duties of the office ad interim 7
And when the regular head of the Department
returns, the man appointed ad interim is super-
seded, and the regular appointee takes charge of
the business of the office. And yet the committee
say, in substance, in regard to it, that inasmuch
as there is one man who is constitutionally ap-
pointed to the office, there cannot beany other
man to fill that office. Now, it is not necessaiy
for me to take issue with them in respect to that.
I do not claim that this man who was Secretary
of State ad interim was appointed in the manner
required by the Constitution for the appointment
of a head of a Department—that is, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, upon the
nomination of the President. He was, however,
legally appointed; not for the purpose of holding
the office in the usual manner, and without re-
straint or limit as to time, but for the purpose of
holding it for the time being, and performing its
duties while the Secretary himself was absent.
It is enough for my purpose if he duly performed
all'the duties of the office, under the commission
in and by which the President appointed him.
The eighth section of the act of 1792 empow-
ered the President to authorize any person or
persons,at his discretion, to perform these duties.
Now, will any gentleman rise in his place here,
will any individual member of the Committee of
Claims—and I see my friend from Virginia, [Mr.
Letcher,] with whom I usually vote on ques-
tions relating to the Treasury, listening near me
to my remarks, and watching for flaws—will he
get up here and aver, individually, upon his repu-
tation as a lawyer, what is said in this unanimous
report of his committee—that the President could
not lawfully authorize any person to perform the
duties of that post, but that it must be some one
holding office or place in the Department? Will
he undertake to maintain that, if the present Sec-
retary of the Treasury should be strickcn down
suddenly by some affliction likely to prove tem-
