1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
U9
porary, the Presidenthas not lawfully the power
and ri^ht to authorize Mr. Walker, the former
Secretary of the Treasury, to perform the duties
of the office? Every gentleman sees and knows
that the statute confers just that powerand right;
and yet, on the reasoning of the committee, in
such a case, if Mr. Walker could be lawfully ap-
pointed, he would have to perform the duties,
and could not lawfully receive any compensation
therefor. I submit, sir, it is wholly fallacious.
Now, let me read from the second page of the
report of the committee. They say that, "when
the President gave him such authority, (that is,
gave the chief clerk, the present claimant,) the
fact of giving it did not make the claimant Secre-
tary of State or Secretary of the Treasury. These
two offices were created by law, and were then con-
stitutionally filled." I concede all of that. I think
there is no doubt about that. They need not have
given us so obvious a piece of information. But,
right there, the eighth section of the act of 1792
declares, that while these offices are so created
by law, and constitutionally filled, if the person
so filling either of them is ill or absent, so he
cannot discharge their duties, the President may
authorize any other person or persons, at his
discretion, to perform those duties ad interim; and
if the person so authorized does discharge them,
then, on every principle of law and of equity, and
on the decision not only of the Court of Claims,
but of the circuit court of the United States, such
person is entitled to his compensation. If it is
the policy of the General Government to prevent
plurality of offices—to prevent any one man from
noldirig two offices at the same time—let us so
enact. Let us declare that no man shall hold more
than one: I should prefer it. But, if that is not
to be the policy, then let us meet our engagements
under the law as it is. Although I think myself
that, as a matter of discretion and good judgment,
the best selection which, in ordinary cases, the
President can make of a person to discharge the
duties of a Secretary ad inteHm, is some leading
man in the same Department, who is acquainted
with the routine of the business, still the Presi-
dent is not confined to any such narrow and
restricted discretion. He is at liberty, under the
eighth section, to select the best men wherever
he can find them. If Congress, however, would
prevent any one from discharging the duties of
two positions legally cast upon him—cast upon
him according to law—one by the appointment
of the head of the Department, and the other by
the appointment of the President himself—let it
declare that no man shall hold two offices or
places under the General Government at the same
time, or be paid for the performance of the duties
of more than one office, or for acting in more than
one capacity at one and the same time.
I will read again from the second page of the
report:
" The power to create the whole machinery requisite for
the cariymg on of the public business is vested in Con-
gies3S and, although the whole executive power of the
nation is vested in the President, yet, as he has no author-
ity to create offices, or to fix salaries, or to raise money to
pay l'or services rendered at his instance, he can only exer-
cise it through the agency of the functionaries specially
appointed for that purpose under authority of law."
Why, here again the committee reasons as
though there were no eighth section of the act of
1792. This man, the claimant, was selected, ap-
pointed, and authorized to perform the duties of
the Secretary ad interim, in pursuance of that
eighth section, which gives to the President, as
I said before, power to select and authorize any
person or persons, in his discretion, to perform
those duties; and, to use the expression of the
committee above quoted, this claimant was a
"functionary specially appointed for that purpose
under authority of laic." The committee continue
as follows:
" In consequence of this, the provision of law referred to
was a proper one, as the power of the President to assign
the discharge of the important duties specially imposed on
a particular officer, appointed in the most solemn manner
known to the Constitution, to a tliiid person, m the event
of the temporary absence or inability of that officer, with-
out the authority of a special law, might well have been
doubted."
Thus they come to the conclusion that this man
was properjy appointed—that his appointment
was a lawful exercise of the power which they
concede at last was properly conferred upon the
President by this statute. Then comes that por-
tion of the report which says that, in point of fact,
the eighth section "conferred the power on the
President of intrusting the discharge of the duties
of one office to the incumbent of another office,
and nothing more."
This is a fundamental error. It is not to the
" incumbent of another office, and no more,',
that the President must intrust these duties. It
is to any person whom he may select or authorize.
If he selects a person not an incumbent, surely
the Committee of Claims will agree that the per-
son so selected should be paid for the perform-
ance of the duties. And shall an incumbent of
another office not be paid also for the performance
of precisely the same duties? Are the services
less valuable, if performed equally acceptably by
one hand, than they are when performed no more
acceptably by another hand ? The committee
will not say-so individually here, however,
unanimously they may so allege in their report.
Allow me to refer to a sentence or two more of
this report, and then I will yield the floor. "After
the most anxibus reflection on the whole subject
say the committee, on page 5:
"No one acquainted with our institutions can be igno-
rant that this fundamental principle—the principle on which
the proper and successful working of the whole machinery
of Government depends—consists m the fact that no office
can be created, or right to claim compensation for services
can exifct, under color of an exercise of executive power,
without warrant of positive law."
That is a true saying, and worthy of all accept-
ation. The positive lato in this case is the eighth
section, which I have read, and commented upon.
The committee seem to agree, as I have shown,
that this claimant was properly and lawfully ap-
pointed, notwithstanding all their reasoning to
the contrary; but they make war upon the pro-
priety of paying for the performance of the duties.
The report goes ©n:
" Theie is but one posfiblc case, in the opinion of youi
committee, in which it is even conceivable, that an implied
obligation could exist on the part of the Government, to
pay the person temporarily charged with the performance
of the dutio-. of a particular office, and that when the
office was vacant at the time those duties were performed.
In ^uch a case it might be. and probably is true, that there
would be jujst ground for an equitable claim to the salary of
the office during the period the duties were performed."
I would like to have the committee again
<( reflcct anxiously" upon that, and review it.
The only logic of it is simply this, as I understand
it: We shall pay A, because B's office is vacant,
and not pay A because he performs all the duties
of B's office, being thereunto duly authorized by
the President's commission, in pursuance of law,
and when B, the regular incumbent cannot per-
form those duties by reason of illness or absence.
Sir, I deny the soundness of such logic. I go
further; and at least one member of this commit-
tee has gone further; I believe the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Letcher] approved of the bill
for the relief of William Carey Jones, and I am
not quite sure but it was upon his motion it was
brought back from the Committee of the Whole,
and passed. That bill was to pay for services
performed without any warrant of law. The
Secretary of the Treasury, or some other officer
or officers, told Mr. Jones if he would go to the
city of Mexico and look after the land titles of
California among the archives of Mexico, they
would make a report to Congress upon the sub-
ject, and recommend Congress to pay him for
his services. In that case, although there was
no antecedent or authority warranting the service,
my friend [Mr. Letcher] thought Mr. Jones
was entitled to pay for his services, and we voted
accordingly. But, in the case before us, we have
a man lawfully placcd in the position of Secretary
of State, ad interim, with proof before us that he
did perform the duties of that office; and yet my
friend's committee holds that he is not entitled to
compensation. Why? Because there was an-
other man ill, or absent, charged with those duties,
who could not perform them. I can see no other
attempted reason in the report.
For these, and various other reasons which
will occur to members in looking into the report,
I hope the decision of the Court of Claims will
be affirmed. And I would not have occupied a
moment of the time of the House on this case if
it were not that a decision of that court is in
question. I hold that whoever on this floor, or
in the other branch of Congress, undertakes to
hold the House and the Senate to affirm the
decisions of the Court of Claims, where they are
based on legal principles, is discharging a duty
and an acceptable service to the country—I care
nothing so far as this particular claimant is con-
cerned, it is of course immaterial to me whether
he obtains this money or not—but I think it ia
of the last importance to claimants, when their
claims have been investigated by the Court of-
Claims—when written, well-considered opinions
have been made thereupon—when those opinions
are based upon well-known legal principles, and
the court nas fortified itself with the judicial
opinions of the high tribtinals of justice in the
country, and has reported bills accordingly, that
its decisions should be affirmed. That man
renders good service to his country who will
hold the Government to the execution of the law
so ascertained and so pronounced.
I beg the House to understand that I am not
now undertaking to justify or uphold existing
legislation upon this subject. I will join gentle-
men in denouncing much of it as loudly as they
please. That is not the issue I now make witK
the committee, nor the question I now argue.
The true issue is, whether"the Court of Claims
have properly construed existing laws; not
whether legislation here has been right, but
whether the Court ,of Claims has put the right
and lawful construction upon it. And of that,
sir, I have not a doubt.
I shall always vote with reluctance against the
decisions of that Court; but I shall always vote
against them when I think they cannot be sus-
tained on legal grounds. I will not weaken the
confidence of the public in that court, or destroy
its usefulness by aiding in overruling its decisions
in the face and eyes of what I believe to be equity,
sound law, and well-established rules of construc-
tion of statues. I hope the House will affirm the
decision of the court, and refuse to concur frn the
report of the Committee of Claims.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Speaker, I have.as
much respect, I trust, for the Court of Claims, as
my friend from New York; but I have no more
respect for the decision of the Court of Claims
when that decision is (in my judgment) wrong,
than I have for a wrong decision coming from
any other quarter, as respectable for its intelli-
gence and integrity. In the present case, I believe
the decision of the Court of Claims is wrong;
and so believSng, I, in common with the other
members of the Committee of Claims, concurred
in presenting a report, asking this House to re-
verse that decision, and to refuse to pass this
bill.
My friend says that he is not for disturbing its
decisions where they can be sustained on legal
principles; that, in the present case, the decision
of the Court of Claims is right on legal princi-
ples; and that it is the duty of the House and
Senate to sustain it, and thereby give confidence
to it before the country as a tribunal for the de-
cision of like questions.
He admits the fact that the Court of Claims, in
this report which they have presented, have not
only given this petitioner a compensation aa chief
clerk, but additional compensation as acting
Secretary of the Treasury during the time that
he temporarily occupied that position. Does he
maintain that this is right? Docs he maintain
that this petitioner is clearly and properly, under
the law of the land, entitled to salary as chief
clerk, and pro rata pay as head of the State or
Treasury Department? I desire to know whether
my friend from New York claims that this is in
accordance with the law of the land ?—that Mr.
Dickins as chief clerk and acting Secretary,
should receive first, compensation as chief cleric,
and then pro rata compensation for the time he
acted as Secretary—or in other words, that he
should receive a double salary for the time he
was so employed ?
Mr. HAVEN. I did undertake to say to the
House that such was my opinion; that is to say,
where a person discharges the duties of the office
of chief clerk faithfully and properly, and at the
same time is selected and commissioned under
the eighth section of the act of 1792, by the Presi-
dent, to discharge the duties of Secretary of the
Treasury, or Secretary of State, ad interim, he
should receive compensation for both. If gen--
tlemen are opposed to men holding a plurality of
offices, they should legislate to prevent it.
Mr. LETCHER. I will come to that point,
the act of 1792, in due time.
Now, it unfortunately happens for niy friend
