364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
Mr. BRODHEAD. I nowmove to postpone j
it indefinitely. j
The motion was agreed to. I
SALVADOR ACCARDI. >!
Mr. BRODHEAD. I now move to take up !
bill (S. No. 373) for the relief of Salvador Aceardi, I
which was reported from the Court of Claims, }
and was on Friday " postponed until to-mor- j
row;" for the purpose of postponing it indefin- j
itely. j
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to;
and it was indefinitely postponed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cuixom, its Clerk, announced that the j
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills;
which thereupon received the signature of the
President pro tempore:
An act to procure a bust in marble of the late
Chief justice John Rutledpje; and
An act for the relief of the heirs of Major Gen-
eral Arthur St. Clair.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the !j
Senate reports from the Court of Claims in rela- |j
tion to the claims of Cornelius Boyle, J. Boyd, l|
and M. G. Emery, accompanied by a bill for the |
relief of Cornelius Boyle, administrator of John i
Boyle, and a bill for the relief of M. G. Emery; I
which were referred to the Committee on Claims, i
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED. j
The following House bills were severally read i
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated |
below: ]
A bill (H. R. No. 505) for the relief of John j
L. Vattier—to the Committee on Private Land I
Claims. j
A bill (H. R. No. 508) for the relief of the 1
heirs of Jacques Godfroy—to the Committee on ;
Private Land Claims. i
A bill (H. R. No. 511) granting a pension to :
Martha Elliott, widow of Samuel Elliott, a sol- •
dier of the war of 1812—to the Committee on
Pensions. 1
A bill (H. R. No. 514) for the relief of Tar- ■
ranee Kirby—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (H. R. No. 515) for the relief of John
Draut—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (H. R. No. 516) for the benefit of Wil- ■
liam L. Oliver—to the Committee on Pensions. I
A bill (H. R. No. 524) for the relief of Ben- I
jamin R. Gantt—to the Committee on Private !
Land Claims.
A bill (H. R. No. 240) for the relief of the
officers and privates of the Clinton Guards, of
the county of Macomb, in the State of Michigan
—to the Committee on Military Affairs.
A bill (H. R. No. 520) for the relief of John
Hauser—tothe Committee on Pensions.
A bill (H. R. No. 510) for the relief of Samuel
S. Haight—to the Committee on Claims. i
A bill (H. R. No. 517) granting a pension to j
Franklin W. Armstrong, of Hardin county, I
Kentucky—to the Committee on Pensions. !
A bill (H. R. No. 518) for the relief of Mary j
P. Swan—to the Committee on Pensions. I
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIA- '
TION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I report back, from the Com-
mittee on Finance, an act (H. R. No. 607) '
making appropriations for the consular and dip-
lomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1858, with sundry
amendments. I ask the Senate to consider this '
bill now. All the items in it are according to ,
treaty or law. I think we can dispose of it m a
short time.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, 1
proceeded to consider the bill. • 1
The first amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to insert, after the provision for
the compensation of the commissioner under the i
reciprocity treaty with Great Britain: ,i
For per diem of commissioner, anil compensation of.
surveyor, §4,SfcW. ;
Mr. HUNTER. That is according to esti- I
mate for the northeastern survey, under the re- '
ciprooity treaty. It is for the compensation of 1
the officers appointed by that treaty. I1
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert, after the last amendment:
For payment of ali expenses attending the employment
of steamer or sailing vessel, anil lor feurveys and umpir-
age, §15,750.
Mr. HUNTER. That relates to the same
matter under that treaty.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
For traveling expenses, transportation, repairs of instru-
ments. and all other expenses, $700.
Mr. HUNTER. That amendment relates to
the same subject.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add to the appropriation for the officers to run
the boundary line between Washington Terri-
tory and the British possessions, the following
proviso:
Provided, That the annual compensation of said officers
shall not exceed the rates provided in the third section of
the act of the 11th of August, 1856, entitled "An act to
provide for carrying into effect the first article of the treaty
between the United States and her Majesty the Queen of
the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, of the
loth day of June, 1856.
Mr. HUNTER. The act of the 11th of Au-
gust made the appropriation and fixed the sala-
ries in the same act, but only fixed them for one
year. This amendment is to continue the same
rate of salary for the next fiscal year.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
in the enumeration of consulates, to strike out
" Colya," and insert " Cabaya."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to increase the ap-
propriation for consuls' salaries, from $272,750
to $273,750.
Mr. HUNTER. This amendment is to cor-
rect an error of addition in the estimates.
| The amendment was agreed to.
! ^ The next amendment of the committee was to
i insert:
j For compensation of consular pupih-, $25,000.
! Mr. HUNTER. That amendment is to carry
j out the act of last year, which provided for the
education of a certain number of consular pupils
to be used instead of clerks, at certain places
where trained men are required. It is made ne-
cessary to carry out that law, and also by the
further fact that the same law forbids us to employ
foreigners, which has occasioned the dismissal
of something like three hundred persons. We
have to supply the necessity in this way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the committee whether this is
a proposition to amend the bill as it came from
the House ?
Mr. IlbNTER. Yes, sir. The House struck
out this item of the estimates, which was accord-
ing to law, and we propose to restore it. I have
a letter from the Secretory of State, and if the
gentleman desires it I will have it read, which
explains the whole matter. Perhaps it is better
that it should be read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the item will not
be restored. I think we had better make no ap-
propriation for it.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Department of State,
Washington", January 3, 1857.
Sir: I have the honor to call 3'our attention to an item
m the diplomatic and consular bill how before the Senate,
for the salaries of consular pupil"*, which was submitted by
thi  Department to Congress, in the estimate presented at its
present session, but which has been stricken out bv the
House of Representatives. This item was introduced" into
the estimates in accordance with the seventh section of the
act " to legulate the diplomatic and consular systems of
the United States, approved August 18, 18S6," which pro-
vides " that the President he, and he n hereby authorized,
whene\ er he t-hall think the public good will be promoted
thereby, 10 appoint consular pupils, not to exceed twenty-
five m number at any one tunc, who shall he citizens of the
Lmted fttiitfc"*, and entitled to compensation for their
service-,, respectively, at a rale not to exceed $1,000 per
annum, to be determined by the President; and to assign :
such pupils, fiom tune to time, to such consulates, and j
with such duties as he may think proper; nnd before the '■
appointment of any such pupil .-,hall be made, satisfactory
evidence, by examination or otherwise, shall be furnished
of Iik qualifications and fitiie^- tar the office to the Secre-
tary of State, and by him laid before the President."
it will be recollected that the nece^ity of a revision of
theconcuiat .-ybtom having been repeatedly urged upon the
attention ot Congress durum th? last quarter of a centurv,
an act vva* passed on the l.n of March, 1855, with great
unanimity, by both branches of Congress, to remodel the
diplomatic and consular systems of the United States
which went into operation on the 1st uf July of the same
year, in carrying the act into practical operation, some
provisions were found defective, and othets necessary to
be supplied by future legislation. The friends and advo-
cates of the law, knowing the difficulties attendant upon a
measure of so much magnitude as that of rernodehn« two
great departments of the public service, foresaw that sup-
plemental legislation would be needed, and it was rightly
supposed that/Whatever of inevitable imperfection there
might be in that initiatory enactment, it was a step in the
right direction, and would, of course, in due season, receive
the attention of Congress. Aecoidmgly, at the next sue-
ceeding session, and after the lawhad'been more than a
year in operation, and time had thus been afforded to
ascertain what further legislation was necessary to perfect
its details, resolutions were adopted, both in the Senate
and House of Representatives, instructing the Committees
on Foreign Relations and on Foreign Affairs, respectively,
to inquire into the expediency of making changes and
modifications in the above-mentioned act, and the opinion
of this Department was asked respecting the alterations
which it might be proper to make. For the purpose of chis
communication, it will be sufficient to refer but to a single
provision of that law. It was provided by the ninth section
of the act, that "no other than citizens of the United States
shall be employed either as vice consuls, or consular agents,
or as clerks in the office of either, and have access to the
archives therein deposited." In consequence of this enact-
ment, and in pursuance of a circular letter which had been
previously issued to consular officers on the same subject,
more than three hundred vice consuls, consular agents, and
clerks, nearly all of whom were appointed under preceding
Administrations, not being citizens of the United States,
but owing allegiance to foreign Governments, were removed
from the offices which they respectively held in the United
States consulates. It was immediately found that, how-
ever expedient it may be m general to appomt only citizens
of the United States to consular offices, there are some
places whQjte consular or clerical services are needed,
where no American resides, or can be tempted to reside by
the grant of a consular commission, or the appointment to
a consular clerkship. In other places, wheie the consul
was ignorant of the language of the countn, it was discov-
ered that the public business could not go on without the
employment of foreign clerks. OtherGovermneuts, France
and England, for instance, have rarely, if ever, occasion to
employ American clerks, became they have'in constant
course of training young and intelligent men, who are
willing to enter the consular service at a small compensa-
tion, with the expectation of future promotion to higher
grades. In China and Turkey, in which countries consular
officers are invested with judicial functions, the Govern-
ment has been compelled to employ other than American
citizens to execute the provisions of laws and treaties of
the United States. Especially has this been the case in
China; where American capital is employed to the amount
of many millions, and where a large number of American
citizens permanently reside, whose interests often conflict
with those of the subjects of European Powers; and yet,
for the want of American interpieters, the United States
consuls are not unfrequently compelled to employ, m their
official intercourse with the Chinese, those of the English
or French consulates. By reference to the sixty-first,
sixty-second, sixty--third, and sixty-fourth sections of the
consular regulations (herewith sent to you) prescribed by
the President, m virtue of the authority vested in him by
the twenty-second section of the act of August 18,1856*
it will be seen that such steps have been taken as will
eventually prevent our consuls in China from being de-
pendent on foreign consulates for the assistance necessary
to epable them to discbarge their official duties.
The number of consular pupils is limited to twenty-five,
and they will be assigned only to those consulates where
the consular officers are prohibited from transacting busi-
ness on their private account, and the largest proportion of
consular fees vvili be collected; and where a lower salary
was fixed for the consulates, in the expectation that the
consular officer would .be saved the expense of one con-
sular clerk by the assignment to the consulate of a consular
pupil. At these offices from one to four clerks are required,
and the consular pupils will necessarily be einplojed only
upon consular business; they will thus become familiar
with the important and multifarious duties of consular offi-
cers. Tne need of this opinion is constantly seen in the
consular correspondence; and it not unfiequently happens
that, in important exigencies, consular officers commit
serious mistakes from the want of a familiar acquaintance
with consular duties. At the present grade of salaries of
consuls, they are not able to offer such a compensation as
would induce an American citizen of mature years to
accept a clerical appointment; consequently, much of the
business of their offices must be transacted by individuals
who are not familiar with the habits and character of Amer-
ican citizens. Whenever consular pupils shall be employed,
they will, after a tune, be regarded as, next to the consuls,
the chief officer of the consulate, and in case of his absence
or sickness, take charge of the office, fu several of the
most important consulates, joung Americans have been
employed for many years at the expense of the consul, who,
by faithful attention to their duties, have obtained the con-
fidence of the Department, and, consequently, have been
not unfrequently appointed deputies or vice-consuls when
temporary vacancies have occurred, and it is observed that
in not a single instance has the confidence of the Depart-
ment been m^placed.
It is to he remembered that consular pupils are appointed
by the Executive, and although subject to the instructions
of the principal consular officer of the consulate to which
they aro assigned, they hold their offices independently of
hun. The wisdom of this provision vvdl be seen by refer-
ence to the following remarks of an intelligent consul at
one of the most important consulates. " In my opinion,"
he says, *Mhe whole staff of clerks should be appointed,
not by the consul, but by tne State Department, of which
they should be the servants, and not removable by the
consul cxcept mi ground.-' approved by the Secretary ot
State. With clerks of my own selection I would engage
