386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, if we
made a mistake in adopting the provision which
has just been read by the honorable Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] in the original bill, it is
vastly better at once to repeal that provision, and
strike it from the statute-book, than to pass an
appropriation to carry it out, simply because it
is on the statute-book at the present time. It is
no argument in its favor, to my mind^to say, that
such is tin* law, and therefore we must make the
appropriation: becausc the plain common sense
of the thing is to repeal the law if it is a bad one,
which may be very easily done; and I would
suggest to the honorable Senator from Texas,
whether it would not be better, if this amend-
ment be voted down, at once to offer an amend-
ment to this bill repealing that provision of the
law.
Mr. RUSK. I have an amendment drawn up
to that effect; but the chairman of the Committee
on Finance requests that we shall not legislate in
an appropriation bill. That is the only reason
why I did not offer that amendment.
Mr. FESStiNDEN. If the Senator will pass
that amendment over to me, I will offer it not-
withstanding that objection, because we do legis-
late on appropriation bills every day, and this is
the only place where it can be put. It is as well
to vote it here as anywhere else.
I have to say, with reference to this matter—
and I do not know that I need offer an apology
for it, for no man can understand all that is going
on here—that the provision which has now been
read comes upon me entirely by surprise; and I
trust I am not guilty of disrespect to Senators
when I say that it is probably a matter of sur-
prise to a great majority of the Senate. I cer-
tainly never heard of it until it was discussed in
the liouse of Representatives; and when I heard
there was such a provision it struck me as a very
curious anomaly in our system, and an attempt
to inaugurate a beginning of which no man could
see the end.
If Senators will look at this provision for a
single instant they will sec thatit is impracticable.
I have very great respect for the opinion of the Sec-
retary of State; I have listened to his letter with
interest; but yet u does not seem to me that he
touches the matter, or the real root of the argument
at all. What does he propose? It is substan-
tially to adopt the English system of instituting a
college (though they do not place them in any one
seminary) for the education of a particular class
to perform certain public services. That is the
amount of it. If we need these gentlemen in
places where we cannot obtain the services of
American citizens now competent, all we have
to do is to establish consulships, and pay the
salary necessary to command the requisite ser-
vice. That is the proper course. Aly friend
from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] suggests that the
next thing-will be to provide that the President
shall have certain apprentices, and educate them
to be Presidents. [Laughter.] We may go on
from one class to another, and have pupils that
are hereafter to become Presidents of the United
States,&c. Congress has only to pass a bill for
that purpose, and it can be done, or at leastit can
be attempted.
Suppose we educate these young gentlemen, or
begin to educate them, what security have we
th t when we get them educated they will not
leave us? We cannot keep them. They will
not stay for a thousand dollars a year. What
security have we that after they become fit to
discharge the duty of consuls they will be per-
mitted to remain in office? A change of Admin-
istration may turn every one of them out. We
cannot pass any law that will be permanent in
relation to this point, either with regard to re-
taining their services if they wish to stay, or
obliging them to remain when they do not wish
to stay. All we effect is to provide for the edu-
cation, in foreign countries, of a certain number
of young gentlemen for certain services. That
is the English system, and why ? Because there
is a degree of official permanence in that Gov-
ernment; there are recognized families out of
which to take these hopeful scions, not only as
consuls, but as diplomatists, and to fill other
offices of State. Do we mean to inaugurate a
system of that kind in this country?
What we have to do is to luaveall these things
open. If we need a particular agent in a partic-
ular place, and the emoluments derived from that
place are not sufficient to pay him, the country
must increase the amount, and pay enough to
command the service required. That is the only
mode. It is idle to say—we know the contrary
—that in this country we can not find men fitted,
or who may not at once fit themselves, for any
I place, or any duty to be discharged in a foreign
i country, or at home. We have no need to take
1 gentlemen here and there, at an early age, and
send them abroad on a salary, to educate them
for particular places, which they may not be
I willing to retain, and, if they were good for any-
; thing, would not be willing to retain when they
; could come home and look out for themselves.
! We have no poweron our part to command their
! services; and they will be subject to the muta-
| tions of political parties in this country, and may
be removed against their wishes.
None of the difficulties which have been stated
by the Secretary of State can be overcome in this
way. Itis,in the first place, merely putting into
the hands of the Executive a power of favoritism
to a certain extent, to the sons of his friends, or
of those who may bring influence to bearon him,
to be educated abroad, and to be offered facilities
for foreign travel. There is no means of ascer-
taining what they may become, what they can do,
or what they will do. The simple system to pur-
sue is this: every Executive has power to select,
and Congress has power to enable him to select,
just such men as are fitted for particular purposes,
whether here or abroad, with power on the part
of Congress to make appropriations, and com-
mand their services for any length of time desi-
rable. That, I apprehend, is the only mode in
which it can be done.
As to the difficulty which has been enlarged
upon by the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, it will be seen at once
that there is no such difficulty to be apprehended.
We cannot command American citizens m cer-
tain places, and the act is positive in that respect;
but unless I am very much mistaken, the Attor-
ney General has advised—and the opinion is coin-
cided in, as I understand, very generally—that
Congress has no power to limit the President in
| his appointment of foreign agents. That is left
| to him and the Senate by the Constitution; and
: when we undertake to say he shall take his
agents, consular or diplomatic, from a certain
! class of men, whethercitizensoftheUnited States
or otherwise, for particular places, the Constitu-
tion answers, that the power of appointing public
ministers and consuls is left to the President, and
it has not limited his power, and Congress has
no discretion on that subject. I understand that
to be the opinion, and it strikes me that opinion
is a sensible one. At any rate, if it is not so—if
the difficulty exists, all we have to do is, at once,
j without any hesitation, whether upon an appro-
priation bill or otherwise, (and on an appropria-
tion bill if it is a matter of haste or necessity,)
to repeal that provision, not only in reference to
these pupils who are to be educated for particular
places, but also in regard to the limitation imposed
on the Executive on the subject of appointing his
consular agents from citizens alone. I did not
believe in the good sense of it at the time I noticed
that provision, and it would be very wise to re-
peal it if it is wrong.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The hour of one o'clock having arrived, the im-
perative rule of the Senate requires that the Chair
announce the special order.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that by general con-
sent we shall go on with the consideration of this
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special
order is the bill (H. R. No. 99) to amend an act
entitled " An act to provide for the payment for
horses, or other property, lost or destroyed in
\ the service of the United States."
| Mr. HUNTER. The honorable Senator from
; Missouri, who^ad that bill assigned as a special
[ order, is not here, and I hope we shall go on with
> the consideration of the consular bill. I move to
; postpone the further consideration of the special
order until to-morrow.
Mr. HALE. This proposition in regard to
consular pupils is an entirely new proposition to
me, as it was to the honorable Senator from
Maine. I should like a little time to look into it.
Twenty-five boys are to be appointed, at a salary
of $1,000 apiece. My impressions are entirely
against it; but I wish to have an opportunity to
examine it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is on the postponement of the special order
until to-morrow.
Mr. YULEE. What will be the position of
the bill to-morrow, if it is postponed ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, it will be the
special order for one o'clock, and it will remain
the special order until otherwise disposed of. It
will come up to-morrow at one o'clock, if it is
postponed now.
The motion to postpone the special order was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
question now is on the amendment reported by
the Committee on Finance to the consular and
diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. HUNTER. In regard to that amendment
I must say that it is strictly in conformity with
the law passed by Congress at the last session—
a law which seemed to have been well considered
and well digested. This appropriation was re-
quired by the seventh section of that law, and the
committee have but reported the salaries due to
the appointees under that law. If it is to be re-
pealed, I must be allowed to say that I hope the
repeal will be made elsewhere,and not on an ap-
propriation bill. The civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill has been divided for the very purpose
of enabling us to pass through appropriations for
a portion of the public service without dispute
and cavil, and even without debate, as far as it
may be possible to do so. We have endeavored to
keep this bill clear of all sorts of amendments
which looked like legislation. We have found
by experience that it is very essential that a por-
tion of the bills should be passed through at an
early part of the session. In order to secure that
object, it is necessary that we should keep all
legislation from them. If, therefore, the Senate
believe we ought not to carry out this policy,
which was inaugurated by their own act at the
last session, the better course will be to vote
down the appropriation—it cannot be carried out
if they vote down the appropriation—and then
spek some other occasion to repeal that section of
the law.
I must say, however, that this section strikes
me a little more favorably than it does the honor-
able Senator from Maine. We are told by the
Secretary of State that the law of 1856 was drawn
in contemplation of such a provision as this, and
that the salaries of the consuls in many places
were diminished on the ground that they were to
have the assistance which would be afforded by
this scction — a clerk who was to be paid out of
the Treasury of the United States. It was in
contemplation of this provision that the salaries
were diminished in several places. If we refuse
to make this appropriation, the consequence will
be that at reduced salaries the consuls will have
to employ clerks themselves. The whole amount
of this provision, as I understand it, is this: we
wish at certain places to have clerks, to be ap-
pointed not by the consuls themselves, but by
the President, who shall be trained and educated.
They are called " pupils;" but the meaning of it
is that we are to have clerks who arc to be ap-
pointed by the President to assist the consuls.
What is the effect of that? We thus provide a
trained and experienced man—a man whosfe ser-
vices are of very great importance in some coun-
tries—such as China for instance—where there
is a difficulty in securing the services of a man
competent for such a place; and thus we provide
against difficulties which necessarily arise out of
our practice in regard to appointments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to ask the
Senator what is he going to do in all the years
the young men are fitting themselves for these
places? What becomes of the interest of tho
country in the mean time?
Mr. HUNTER. We must have a beginning.
As 1 understand it, these twenty-five young men
will be appointed as clerks to certain consulships,
where such men are required. If the Govern-
ment can obtain men who arc now fit, they will be
selected. If not, such men will be selected as will
be apt to fit themselves at those places. The
whole effect will be that, instead of having these
clerks appointed by the consuls themselves, we
shall have a certain number appointed by the
