1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3*1
not raised any such officer; and. why? Because
you have made no appropriation for it, and he
has not deemed it advisable; but the Senate, in
this very bill, this morning, has made an appro-
priation for consuls-general. There was no ob-
jection to it; it is a part of the same system.
The act of 1856 also provides for consuls dis-
charging- diplomatic duties in particular cases.
It fixes their fees. It is a complete system, and
it is based on that idea. The idea may not be a
good one; I do not take upon myself, at this
stage of the discussion, to say whether it is or
not. It may be that the system which the Sen-
ator from Georgia admires will be found to be
the best system; but Congress did not think so.
Congress, in 1855, and again in 1856, inaugu-
rated a different system, defining the duties of
consuls, and providing for three ranks of con-
sular officers—consuls-general, consuls, and con-
sular pupils. Now, if we are going to revise
this system, let us do it as an entire'proposition.
Let us reexamine the whole of these two bills,
and either repeal or amend them. But you pro-
pose now to strike out the consular pupils, and
leave in force the very difficulty which arose
under the act of 1855—namely, that you allow
consuls abroad to employ no foreigners, and yet
you make 110 provision by which Ijiey can em-
ploy an American citizen; for certainly no man
will go from here to any port abroad to act as a
clerk at any salary you arc likely to give him.
Then gentlemen seem to think, as I said in the
first place, that if we do not repeal this section,
these officers will be appointed. I repeat the
suggestion that they are not required to be ap-
pointed; that it is a mere authority which will
not be exercised, I imagine, in the face of the
decisive votes of both Houses of Congress.
But it is suggested that these consular pupils
are to be relatives of members of Congress, young
gentlemen of good families, or bad families, as the
case may be, sent abroad for their convenience.
My friend from Texas has suiely not read this
section. They have to be examined here; and
what fiiore? Examined as to their fitness and
qualification for the consular office. It must not
be supposed, because they aro called "pupils,"
that they are to be sent to school. They are as-
sistant consuls, assistants to the consul, and they
are to have the qualifications (with the exception
of experience) that would authorize them to hold
the office. It is so stated in the section.
I agree with the Senators from Virginia, that
the great misfortune with this class of officers is
that they have had a bad name attached to them.
They should have been called assistant consuls,
or clerks to the consuls, or something of that sort,
for that is all lhat they are. We have really al-
lowed ourselves to be frightened by the title. The
question now is, shall we go on with this system
which we have inaugurated, and give it a fair
trial, orshall we cripple it at the start? I would
rather see the whole act repealed than see any
part of it touched in this manner; and therefore,
if I am forced to it, I shall vote for the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Virginia to the
amendment.
Mr. HALE. It seems to me, Mr. President,
that this amendment of the honorable Senator
from Virginia to the amendment is not at all ger-
mane to it. I do not mention that as a suggestion
that it is out of order; but it does not necessarily
or logically connect itself with the amendment.
My desire would be to vote down this amendment
of the Senator from Virginia as an amendment to
the amendment, and agree to the amendment of
the Senator from Texas by itself, so as to make
that a distinct measure, and not embarrass it
when it goes back to the House by having it a
part of this provision, and then 1 should have no
objection to this amendment as a separate clause.
I think it is a good one, and 1 should be in favor
of it by itself, but I am not in favor of tacking it
to this. Let this amendment repealing the clause
authorizing the appointment of twenty-five con-
sular pupils be passed, and not be embarrassed
by any other matter. When we have done that,
we can come to this; and therefore 1 shall vote
against this amendment in this shape.
Mr, MASON. I ask for the yeas and nays on
my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STUART, The views which have just
been submitted by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire are so different from those which I enter-
tain on this subject, that I must ask the attention |
Of the Senate for a few moments. It seems to me
that wo are precisely in the position indicated by
the Senator from Virginia who offered this amend-
ment. We know that there are certainfcountries
where the mass of American citizens, and I may
say the mass of those who would be willing to
go abroad as consuls, are entirely ignorant of the
local language. They do not understand it at all.
Now, sir, see how we have thrown our network
about this matter. We have provifled, in the first
place, that no consul at (jjostof these places shall
do any business on his own account, and he shall
have nothing but a stated salary, say of $1,000,
and he shall be a citizen of the United States, who
knows nothing about the language of the people
with whom he has to deal.
Neither shall he have a clerk in his employ-
ment who knows anything about it, because we
have provided that he shall not have a clerk who
is not a citizen of the United States. I say it has
this effect, because no man will undertake to go
abroad to reside at these places for $1,000 a year,
who cannot do any private business, who has the
qualifications necessary to do the duties there.
How long will it take a man who is old enough
to receive an appointment to learn the languages
in China? You require a man to be of a certain
age in order to receive the appointment of coftsul
to begin with; and I say you will rarely find a
man who is capable of doing the business; and
yet you insist that no man who understands the
language, and lives and does business there, shall
have the appointment, if he is not a native or
naturalized citizen of the United States. There-
fore it is that the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Virginia is part and parcel of the
same policy. If you arc going to do away with
the provision allowing the appointment of clerks
who do understand the language, or who will
qualify themselves for the duties by acquiring
the language, then you must do away with the
limitation on the President which prevents him
from appointing individuals who are natives of
the country, or who have lived there long enough
to acquire the language, and are capable of doing
the business. The effect of the amendment of
the Senator from Virginia is to take away this
restriction.
But I ask Senators who are in favor of repeal-
ing this provision, how, under the existing laws
as they stand, is the business to be done? Will
any gentleman tell me ? I am entirely opposed
to any fanciful theory that may exist in this mat-
ter. I wish to look at it as a business question.
I wish some man to tell me how it is practically
to be carried out? I repeat, $1,000 is all you will
pay to one of these consuls. He must be a man
understanding the foreign language, or he cannot
perform the duties of the office. If h6 is such a
man, he can make three or four times that amount
by staying at home. You will not allow him to
have a clerk who understands the language; that
is expressly prohibited by the law, because the
clerk is in the same condition with himself. You
send him there, and you will not allow him to do
business on his own account. If you would, he
might manage to maintain himself and hire some-
body who understood the language, to enable him
to do the public business; but he is prohibited
from that.
Now, how is the business to be done? It
seems to me that the amendment of the Senator
from Virginia is a parcel of the same policy that
we ore about to adopt. I am not going to dis-
pute the will of a majority of the Senate. That
I regard as settled on the vote which has been
taken, although it did not strike my judgment
favorably, and I voted against it. But there is
a majority of more than two to one refusing this
appropriation, and it was based on the fact that
we did noi intend to have these employes at all.
If you will not, you must have somebody else
in the place of them who can- do the business;
and you can have no such man there as long as
you retain the restrictions in the former law.
Therefore I submit that the Senator from New
Hampshire is incorrect in his desire to have these
questions separated. They must go together.
You will have to return to the former policy, and
allow those who are not citizens of the united
States to receive the appointment of consul; and
I think you will have to go further than that
before you get your business done. I think you '
will have to repeal the inhibition that prohibits'
them from doing any business on their own ac-
count.
I regard this as a complete system irwtselfi-.'-
We should either retain the provision which the
Senate lias indicated a disposition to repeal, which
makes this a complete system by employing
men early, and educating them for this business
who will remain there-, or else having stricken
that out, as the Senate have indicated a dispo-
sition to do, you must take away these other re-
strictions and allow the President to appoint men
who are not citizens of the United States, who
understand the language, and can thereby trans-
act your business. I shall deem it indispensable,
in view of the indication of the last vote, to sup-
port the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Virginia. It should go to the House of
Representatives as a whole. Otherwise I think
we shall find ourselves in the condition of the
editor in Boston, who said he was strenuously
and unqualifiedly opposed to capital punishment,
but he was in favor of hanging an incendiary as
soon after he was caught as possible. {Laugh-
ter.] That seems to be about the position of my
friend from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown.] He is
opposed to all legislation on an appropriation bill,
except such legislation as he wants. I think
that is about the condition of every member in
Congress. I have never seen a case arise where
a gentleman did not vote for such a measiire as
he wanted on an appropriation bill. But, sir,
seriously it seems to me that we shall entirely
stop the power of the President to perform these
functions abroad, unless we adopt both these
amendments if we adopt either of them.
Mr. WILSON. I shall vote against the amend-
ment of the Senator from Virginia tn the amend-
ment moved by the Senator from Texas. I am
willing to vote for it as a separate and distinct
proposition. I agree entirely, in this matter,
with the Senator from New Hampshire. I am
not only in favor of the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Virginia, as a separate measure; but I
will go further, and vote to repeal so much of the
law as forbids a consul from doing any business
on his own account. I think we had better rpturn
as near as possible to the state of affairs which
existed when the late consular law was passed. 1
The honorable Senator from Connecticut says
he is opposed to renewing the policy of legis-
lating on appropriation bills. Sir, I apprehend
we have never abandoned that policy, and the
statute-books of every year during the lastfifteen
or twenty years, will show that such legislation
has been had on general appropriation bills.
Mr. TQUCEY. I think the legislation- that
is proposed here is connected with several pro-
visions in the act of the last session. You appoint
a consul, and give him a salary of $1,000. You
compel him to hire his own officc. You compel
him to employ an .interpreter at his own expense;
and you prohibit him from engaging in any busi-
ness oil his own account. What is the conse-
quence? The consequence is inevitable, that at
various important points you can have no consul.
If you are to make the alteration—if you are to
pursue the policy indicated here to-day, at various
points you would have no consul at all; and it
strikes me as a course that is altogether hostile
to commerce. Take, for example, the appropri-
ation for rent. I know of an instance where you
cannot rent an office for the whole saiifiy that you
allow to the consul. The consul is obliged to
pay the whole sum you pay him, to obtain a room
suitable to transact the public business; and you
require him, at his own expense, to employ an
interpreter. He is obliged, owt of his own salary,
to pay that, and then lie has no business to fali
back upon. At these very points you may give
this salary and nothing more; but if you will allow
him to transact business, the business he would
engage in would justify it, and he could perform
the duties of consul; but when you incapacitate
him from doing anything; incapacitate him from
having in his employment any one who can com-
municate with the officers of Government, yon
render it impossible that at_ these points there
should be what the law requires for certain pur-
poses—the officers in question.
I shall vote for the amendment*of the Senator
from Virginia; and I would go one step further.
Agreeing with the Senator from Michigan, 1
