zn
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
should vote to rescind that part of the law which j
incapacitates a consul from engaging in business, ;
because all these provisions are a part of one j
systemj and having done that, I should vote '
ag-ainst the whole amendment. After having in j
this very Congress had the subject up b'fore a j
committee,and havingdeliljpratcfy legislated upon
it, and passed a law which has reference to
this whole subject, you are now, upon an appro-
priation bill, attempting to amend that system
without the report of a committee, and without,
I venture to say, the possession of the facts that
are requisite to intelligent legislation on the sub-
jeet.
The honorable Senator from Michigan says
that we are all of us in favor of legislating upon
appropriation bills, if the legislation is such as
we desire. I disclaim any such course on my
part. I have voted against measures which I
approved, because they were put upon an appro-
priation bill; and I deem the passage of any
measure of ordinary importance not a tithe as
valuable to the country as the adherence to the
principle that no legislation shall be attached to
an appropriation bill, because that system tends
to vitiate the whole legislation of the country;
tends to incapacitate both Houses of Congress
from acting deliberately; and tends, in fact, to
defeat what is the legislative will when intelli-
gently expressed. For that reason I shall be
opposed to any proposition to amend the diplo-
matic and consular act on this appropriation bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am very much at a loss,
Mr. President, to understand the logic of Sen-
ators. We have by a very large majority'voted
to strike out this appropriation. It is now pro-
posed to repeal that part of the law which author-
izes the appointment of consular pupils—nothing
more. Senators tell us that, as we have voted to
strike out the appropriation, these pupils will not
be appointed; and yet they say that if we repeal
the law which they do not propose to carry into
operation, we shall be doing great harm, unless
we at the same time repeal other branches of the
law. What kind of logic is that? Certainly, by
the adoption of the amendment of the honorable
Senator from Texas, we shall only carry out
what we have already begun. If Senators are
serious and in earnest when they say that they
believe the President will make none of these
appointments until an appropriation be made for
the purpose, we certainly do no harm to the ser-
vice by providing that the appointments shall not
be made at all.
There is to me something a little ominous in
the position of Senators. I do not understand
whence the danger is to come of repealing this
section of the law. Senators say it necessarily
involves itself with other provisions of the same
law; but if Senators are serious when they say
that no appointments will be made, the evil is
done. When the appropriation is refused, the
object is accomplished, and the other branches
of the law referred to by the Senator from Vir-
ginia are rendered inoperative. All the trouble
that has arisen or will arise is from the simple
fact that we refuse the appropriation. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Texas is only making
operative on the statute-book that which, accord-
ing to the position of Senators, we have really
made operative in fact—nothing more.
The Senator from Virginia [Air. Mason] pro-
poses an amendment, which he claims to be
important, if the amendment of the Senator from
Texas be adopted, saying, in the same breath,
that this change has already been made by refus-
ing the appropriation. Then the Senator from
Connecticut, with the Senator from Michigan,
proposes to co further, and add another amend-
ment; and then what do they next propose ? Any
improvement of the system? No; because they
say they will vote against the whole. Then what
is the object? Precisely what those of us who
sre in favor of the proposition of the Senator
from Texas feared—that is, that further amend-
ments are to be put on for the purpose of breaking
down this proposition.
Mr. TOUCEY. No.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not?
Mr. TOUCEY. That is not the purpose. If
these disabilities are removed, there is no difficulty
in going on. That obviates the difficulties cre-
ated, because if consuls be allowed to engage
in business there will be no difficulty; and if the
Executive can employ a foreigner in whom he has
confidenoe>there will be no difficulty. The diffi-
culty that is created was removed by this pro-
vision in the law. Now, if you do not carry out
that provision in the law, it becomes necessary
to go back to the system that formerly existed.
, This is my view.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand the Senator.
Mr. TOUCEY. Let me say one word further.
. The refusal of an appropriation suspends the op-
eration of the law practically for the present; and
I venture to say that no Piesident would make
an appointment pending this refusal of Congress
to appropriate the means; but if there be no direct
repeal, the next Congress, unless they choose to
I repeal the law, may make the appropriation; and
'upon a full investigation Congress, in my judg-
ment, would not deem it advisable to refuse the
; appropriation, although, for the present, this is
the end of the matter.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no knowing
,, what the Executive may think about this point.
Senators differ in opinion upon it. One Senator
expresses the opinion—and 1 believe it is a sound
one—that the President being directed or author-
ized to make these appointments if he thinks them
' expedient, ts to exercise his own judgmontin that
regard, and if he thinks itexpedient he will make
the appointments. If he does, what will be left
, to us but to appropriate the money? The system
will have been inaugurated, and we all know how
difficult it is to get rid of any system after it has
, been begun, even though it may be a bad one.
; But I go back to what I was saying before the
interruption. Senators now discover difficulties
arising from what they consider the relations of
' the different parts of the consular act to each
1 other. They say this provision is connected
!, with the clause prohibiting the employment of
J foreigners, and therefore an amendment is pro-
i : posed to remedy that difficulty. Another is sug-
i gested with reference to the prohibition upon our
V consuls to enter into other business. That ap-
; | proves itself to some Senators, provided the oilier
i matter is attended to. When they shall have
; made these amendments, what do they propose
I to do ? They propose then to vote against the
• j original amendment as amended, thus leaving the
,! system 10 stand on the statute-book precisely as
j'it does now. Then what is their idea? Their
1! idea is, that so long as this clause is not expressly
repealed, tkere remains a chance to carry it out.
That is precisely what we want to meet. The
point, therefore, comes back to this: that those
1 who are m favor of striking at this system must
strike at it now, or else it will be upon us; the
appointments will be made, or if not made, we
shall have to meet the question at a future time.
It is suggested that we are acting now without
consideration. Why, sir, we have bad more con-
sideration, we have had more debate, we have
had more light thrown upon this question than
' the Senate had when we passed the original clause
I which it is now proposed to repeal. We have
• debated it, we have acted upon it, we have re-
fused to make the appropriation; we have refused
i to make it on the principle that the system is bad
in itself. That being done, no further discussion
1, is necessary. We have acted; it only remains to
1 i perfect our own work.
;j But, sir, what do the difficulties which are sug-
gested amount to ? How can you obviate them'
; Gentlemen argue precisely as if the moment these
i', young men were appointed, the whole thing
> would be done. How many years will it take
: them to accomplish themselves for these posts?
■ We shall be in no better condition by making
these appointments. Gentlemen say we cannot
appoint foreigners, although we all know that
! that provision of the law is regarded as a dead
i' letter. Foreigners are appointed, and will con-
'/ tniue to be appointed, from the necessity of the
, j case. They are now m office, notwithstanding
! the provisions of the law. Shall we, however,
gain anything for the next three or four years by
: merely inaugurating this system? These young
ij men are to learn. What are we to do m the mean
ji lime? Why not educate the consuls themselves
!; while educating the clerks, and make them fit to
; discharge the duties of their offices? Gentlemen
'' reason as if nobody but boys could bo educated.
!' Appoint competent men for consuls, and they
] can educate themselves as soon as these young
i, men can, to discharge the duties of their offices,
and thus you will save the trouble of having two
sets of officers to discharge the same duties. You
must go through the same process—you must
begin it somewhere; and you may as well begin
it with the principals as with the clerks.
A Senator made a remark to me just now,
which I take the liberty of repeating; it is not
original with me. A Senator of experience and
knowledge in mercantile affairs said, " What
do you gain by it? Educate a young man, at a
salary of $1,000 a year, to discharge these duties,
i and the moment you have educated him bp can
| get $5,000 from a mercantile house. You cannot
; keep him in your service. Any great mercantile
' house in China will give him a salary of *5,000
! to go into their service." As I said in the begin-
: uing, you cannot keep these young men after you
! have educated them,und we cannot compel them
i to remain. Sir, we may as well begin at the
I beginning, an.d educate the consuls, if they need
education. Appoint proper men, and give them
!; salary enough to enable them to discharge the
j] duties, or else take the other course, and allow
jj them to do business, which will enable them to
|| keep the office, and make it valuable. At any
j rate, however, I wish to do one tiling at a time.
This amendment, offered by the Senator from
' Texas, is important of itself immediately to
1 guard against what we consider an evil; although
some Senators seem to desire that this provision
' should be left on the statute-book, to be carried
■ out as soon as a convenient opportunity may be
'' found. That is what I wish tu avoid.
1 Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Maine
j calls us in question for logic, and does it by beg-
gmg the question m dispute. He says it is ad-
; mi tied by the Senate that the appropriation ought
j1 to be made, and where is the objection to putting
I in thi^ repealing clause? We have just been
!i presenting the objection — that there is objection
i| to any legislation on appropriation bills.
ij Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator misunder-
!] stands me. 1 did not admit thatan appropriation
jj ought to be made.
!j Mr. HUNTER. Did not the Senator ask why
!j we put it in the bill ?
h Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not an appropriation;
;J it is an amendment.
Mr. TOUCEY. It is legislation.
;; Mr. HUNTER. If I understand the drift of
his argument, it is this: because the Senate have
I declared that they will not appropriate money
for this purpose, it follows, as a consequence,
that we must agree to repeal the seventh section
■ ; of the consular and diplomatic act of 1856, upon
;! disappropriation bill. I say that is begging the
very question m dispute, for some of us main-
j tain that we ought not to put any measure of
1, legislation on the bill, and maintain that, as an
ij independent question, without reference to the
i! particular measure which he asks to put on the
!i appropriation bill. I say we ought not to legis-
II late on any subject in these appropriation bills,
I and that is a question independent of the merits
! of the particular proposition which may be
j urged. Neither do I agree with him that the
| proposition which has been made m this instance
1 is to maintain a set of young men in this coun-
! try. As I understand, these clerks would be
I employed immediately for the purpose of assist-
| ing the consuls abroad. The salary is put at
a low rale for the purpose of insuring greater
;j permanency in the office. The whole question
H is not whether you will have more or less officers.
:! You will have the number of clerks, whether
jj the President appoints them, as this section re-
jl quires, or the consuls themselves appoint them,
j | The question is whether you will have expe-
i rienced, educated, and competent clerks, or clerks
: taken up at hap-hazard? But the Senate has de-
li cided that question, and 1 am not disposed to
debate it.
I was only asking that a measure which was
designed for the purpose of repealing the seventh
' section should be introduced as an independent
measure. I believe the sense of each House has
[ been shown to be such that it could easily be
j passed as an independent measure, t do notsay
J 1 would vote for it. I happen to differ from the
ij majority; but I believe the majority is large
I enough in each House to pass the measure
II through, without resorting to what I regard as die
dangerous expedient of ingrafting such legtsA-
li tion on an appropriation bill.
