374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
the effect will be, that if the bill goes back to the j
Committee on Naval Affairs, they must take time
to investigate and I am advised and authorized
to say that there are on that committee enemies
of this bill, who will endeavor to postpone it, if
possible, to the end of the session. This motion,
if I am properly advised, comes from an indi-
vidual on that committee who is opposed to the
bill, and will vote against it under all circum-
stances. I do not say that it is his intention, or
the intention of that committee, to postpone it to
the end of the session, and give it the go-by in
this way, but certainly that must be the effect.
If it goes to the committee, time will be taken for
the investigation. It will be a long time before
they bring it back to the Senate, if they bring it
back at all, and coming back, amidst the conten-
tion and press of business at the heel of the ses-
sion, what hope have we that the bill will be
considered and passed by the Senate ? If the
Committee on Naval Affairs could elicit any new
fact, or give the Senate any information on facts
that would enlighten its judgment, I would not
object to the motion; but it is not in the power
of the Naval Committee to do any such thing. I
say this in my place. They have all the inform-
ation they can possibly give, and the Senate have
allthe information. All these various places have
been examined with special reference to the ques-
tion, which is best for a Navy depot?
In 1837 a commission was instituted, by a reso-
lution of this body, of three captains of the Navy
—Woolsey,Claxton,and Shubrick—one of them
a South Carolinian, and therefore supposed to
be partial to Port Royal Sound, if that had any
advantages. That commission of three distin-
guished naval officers was sent out by the Secre-
tary of the Navy, under resolutions of this body,
with instructions to examine all the places be-
tween Norfolk, in Virginia, and Pensacola, in
Florida, with a view to decide which was the
best adapted for a naval depot. These gentlemen
made acritical personal examination of everyone
'of these places, Port Royal in the bargain; and
after examining all of them, they decided in favor
of the city of Brunswick, m the most positive and
unequivocal terms, as having the advantage in
every respect; as having the advantage of water,
of capacity, of harbor, of safety, of anchorage,
safety of defense from an enemy, of health, of
interior communication, of everything. Itstands
out in bold relief in the report of these commis-
sioners, and the report of everybody who has
examined it, against all other places on the south-
ern Atlantic coast. There is not one solitary fact
winch the committee can present to this body
that is not already before every Senator, in printed
form, in the reports of Lieutenant Stockton, who
surveyed all these harbors; in the report of the
three captains of the Navy, who were sent out in
1837; in the surveys of Lieutenant Maffitt, who
in 1855 surveyed the harbor of Port Royal, and
the site Of Beaufort as a naval depot, and access-
ible to every Senator on this floor.
The examination of Captain Trenchard last
year, a member of the.Coast Survey, of the port
,of Brunswick, has been printed and put on the
table of every Senator of this body, so that every
Senator is acquainted with all the facts, and with
everything the committee can possibly fish up
from any quarter. Whence, therefore, the neces-
sity of recommitting the bill to the Committee on
Naval Affairs? To do what, sir? To report to
the Senate facts which every Senator already
has.
There is no man here, probably, who does not
understand the subject quite as well now as he
will after a report from the Committee on Naval
Ai'aiis has been presented. Inasmuch as-this
motion will inevitably defeat the bill, I trust it
will not prevail. If the question comes up in a
fair form before the Senate on the merits of the
bill, and there be not a majority of the Senate in
favor of it, I shall have nothing more to say; but I
I protest against giving it a stab under the fifth I
rib in this way.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I assure the
honorable Senator from Georgia, that as far as
regards any interest which I take, either as a
South Carolinian or a Senator, and especially as
one interested in southern prosperity, I would
not turn round to give a preference between
Brunswick and Beaufort. If 1 thought the inter-
ests of the southern portion of tins Confederacy
would be profited by adopting Brunswick, it would
give me great pleasure to vote for it. I assure
the Senator I nave no knowledge on the sub-
ject, other than that which was brought to my
mind by a thorough investigation, which took
place St the last session of the Legislature of
South Carolina, in which they not only had
examined as far as they could, all the informa-
tion acquired in the neighborhood, but Lieuten-
ant Maffitt was especially required, under sugges-
tions made there, to make a reexamination, and
the north channel of what is called Port Royal is
nineteen feet deep at all fimes—the south channel
seventeen feet at all times. The north channel is
able to carry a vessel in, I am told, twenty-three
or twenty-four feet at high tide, and the other in
the same proportion.
But what is very remarkable—and I am sorry
my friend from Georgia has not thought proper
to intimate that to the Senate—what makes it im-
portant to go to the committee again is, that Lieu-
tenant Maffitt has discovered a new channel.
That does not depend on figures of rhetoric; it is
matter of demonstration depending on the plumb.
He has discovered a centra! channel, twenty feet
deep at all times, that was not known before, and
it can carry a vessel in at any time at high tide
drawing twenty-six or twenty-seven feet of
water.
I say to the Senator, if we have to select a Navy
depot in the South, do not let us select it in refer-
ence to any pecuniary interests of individuals who
may urge their claims here. I do not know- that
the people in the vicinity of Beaufort insist on
this; but as a public man, interested in these mat-
ters, I am perfectly willing that there shall be a
thorough examination.
I say furthermore that the bill should not only
go to the committee, but on a grave matter of this
kind a commission ought to be sent out to ex-
amine, because there are other questions to be
considered independent of the mere depth of
water. We all know that after you get in the
river at Port Royal, it can float a seventy-four to
within a few miles of Beaufort. As you approach
Beaufort the water is shallower. But I suppose
there would be no naval depot at the town of
Beaufort; it would be on some of the healthier
islands, and it is simply a place for refuge and
health. People resort to these islands for health.
After you get over the bar, you can float a sev-
enty-four with as much facility as a seventy-four
can be floated in any portion of the Potomac.
There is no difficulty, after getting over the
bar at Port Royal, as to the depth of water. If
it should be found by a commission sent out
that the defenses, water, and other considerations
affecting a port, would give the preference to
Brunswick, and we must have one, I would go
for that rather than none; but if it is a foregone
conclusion that we must have Brunswick without
an examination of Port Royal, what is the use
of having an investigation ? I say the investiga-
tion has not been had; and what is capable°of
demonstration need not be the subject of rhetor-
ical figures. I am free to say I do not know
enough of Brunswick, because, although it may
have shallower water, it may have, in some re-
spects, better defenses. I am told otherwise. It
is said there is no part of the whole southern
coast so easily defended as Port Royal. I have
the maps winch are made out very carefully in
the Coast Survey office; they are at my rooms.
They are marked with great precision, and with
the depth of water at every half mile.
I think the subject ought to go to the Commit-
tee, and I go further than that. I have no doubt
the Department would put the schooner Crawford
at our disposal, and let us go and make some
arrangement with the commissioners, examine
all these points, and have a pleasant evoursion
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the Senate adjourned.
' The roll was a<*oidingly called, when the fol-
lowing members tailed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Aiken. Barclay, ftarksdale, JJrll, Eocot'k, fiowie,
Boyee. Hrriuk-:, (Jadwaiadf r, Carather^. <' -
nip^on
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mootat, January 19, 18o7.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain of the Senate, Rev. Stcpuex P.
Hill.
No quorum being present,
Mr. HOUSTON moved that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Harris, Harrison, llerlwit. Hickman, Hoffman. Valentine
B. Horton, Keitt, Keily, Kel^ey, Kunkel, Lmdtey, Alex-
ander K. Marshall, Matte^on, MyMullin, Mill-on, Mill-
i ahan, Talbott, Taylor, Trillion, Ty«ou. Underwood, War-
|| ner. Welch, Well-, and John V. Wright.
!j Pending the call,
Mr. WRIGHT, of Mississippi, stated that his
; colleague [Mr. Barksdale] was confined to his
h room by sickness.
|j A quorum being now present, all further pro-
m ceedings in the call were dispensed with, and the
!' Journal of Saturday last was read and approved.
ii The SPEAKER stated that the first business
j in order was the motion of the gentleman from
Ij Iowa, [Mr. Thori\-oton,] made on Monday last,
1 to suspend the rules to enable him to introduce a
bill.
|j EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
I The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Treasury Department in relation to the public
buildings at Springfield, Illinois; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
j Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Interior, transmitting his annual statement
of she persons employed in his Department during
the year ending 31st June, 185G; winch was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
CALL OF STATES FOR RESOLUTIONS, ETC,
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. If the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Tmorixgtox] will consent to it, I de-
t sire to move a suspension of the rules, in order that
ij the States may be called for resolutions and bills
for reference, under which resolution, if adopted
by the House, the gentleman from Iowa can in-
troduce his bill. I think there ought to be an
opportunity afforded to gentlemen to introduce
resolutions and bills for the purpose of reference.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And if resolutions
and bills are to be brought up in this way, they
must not be brought back by motions to recon-
sider.
i1 Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I shall so guard ths
•j resolution, if I be permitted to introduce it.
11 Mr. THOillNGTON. I yield for that pur-
pose.
j, Mr. GROW. I desire to appeal to the gentle-
man from Georgia one moment. The special
order set down for the tariff bill would interfere
with the territorial business by a single objec-
tion. I desire to-day to know the sense of the
ji House whether that special order shall Le post-
It poned over the time set apart for territorial busi-
i; ness ?
ij Mr. LETCHER. What time is set apart for
!| territorial business?
j; Mr. GROW. Tuesday, Wednesday, and
ij Thursday.
'j The SPEAKER. Three days from to-raor-
1! row.
I' Mr. LETCHER. Then, as far as I am con-
jj cerned, I shall make no objection to that comse.
i: Mr. HOUS1 ON. I suppose the order for the
j| territorial business must be subsequent to the
I; special order. The House knew of the special
11 order at the time,
I! Air. GROW. If there be any objection, I
j shall not interfere with the wishes of gentlemen;
i but I supposed theie would be none.
; Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Air. COIJU, of Georgia. I have no objection
to the entry of an order, that the territorial busi-
ness be considered during these three days,
i Mr. GROW. That the special order be post-
poned until after the territorial business is dis-
! posed of.
Air. COBB, of Georgia, I now move that the
rules be suspended, m order that I may introduce
a resolution that, for two hours, or for one hour,
; the States shall be called for resolutions and for
j bills to be introduced for reference—resolutions
■ which do not give rise to debate, not to include
