376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
resolution; which was read,Considered,and agreed
to:
Resolved, That tbf Committee on Mi Mary Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of enlarging the
United States arsenal at Louis, Missouri, and changing
the same into an nr-ena! of construction or otherwise; ot
erecting suitable fouUdinirs on the United States reservation
nt Jefferson barracks; and that they report, with estimates
of the cost of both propositions, and by bill if deemed ex-
pedient.
Mr. PECK offered the following resolution:
- Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of allowing to the Delegates
of the several organized Territones of the United States,
the right to vote upon all questions of taxation or revenue,
and on all questions affecting the local miere^ts of their
respective Territories; and also to inquire into the expedi-
ency of allowing to the District of Columbia a represent-
ative m this House, with the same rights and pimieges as
are allowed to Delegates from Territories; and that they
report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee, objected.
Mr. EV4NS introduced a bill for the construc-
tion of a suitable building for the accommodation
of Federal courts and post office in the town of
Tyler, in the State of Texas; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. E. also presented a joint resolution of the
State £>f Texas, asking for certain mail routes;
joint resolution of the Texas Legislature relative
to the late Texas navy; and joint resolution of
the Texas Legislature, asking that Corpus Christi
be made a port of entry; all of which were appro-
priately referred.
Mr. THORINGTON introduced a bill creating
Davenport and Lyons, in Iowa, ports of delivery;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a bill authorizing the purchase of asite,and
the construction of a suitable building for a post
office, &c., at Burlington, Iowa; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HALL, of Iowa, offered the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making an appro-
priation to purchase a site, and construct the npces&aiy
building for a custom-house and post office in the city of
Keokuk, in the State of Iowa.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Wisconsin. I ask that
a bill for the impro\ ement of the Wisconsin river,
which was referred the other day to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands. It was so ordered.
Mr. DENVER introduced a bill to fix the com-
pensation of the judges of the United States cir-
cuit court for the district of California; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. RICE introduced a bill authorizing the
construction of a public building at St. Paul,
Minnesota Territory; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. OTERO introduced a bill authorizing the
construction of a wagon road from Fort Defiance,
New Mexico, to Woodville, Tularre county,
California; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. WHITFIELD offered the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to Congress, if not incompatible with the public inter-
est, any coirespondence from the authorities in Kansas
Territory in regard to affairs in that Territory, and particu-
larly any correspondence between the 30th September and
17th October inclusive.
Mr. CHAPMAN offered the following resolu-
tions; which were severally read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of ceding to the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska the saline lands and salt springs situated
theicm.
ResolieJ, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the piopriety of making a further
appropriation for the completion of the rood now being con-
structed und.-r thf direction of the War Department from
opposite Council Bluffs, Iowa, to New Fort Kearny.
Mr. MORRILL offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read,considered, and agreed to:
Resolved,, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House whether an> resitt.
| ance, organized or otherwise, has been made, or is to be
' apprehended, azainst the official action or administration i
of the United States terntoual officer* m the Termor} of ;
Utah ; abo, tocommumcatc the com>pondence which has ;
occurred in relation to the appointment or decimation ot :
! officers in saidTerritoiy since the 1st day of January, 1852; j
1 and also whether the termonal laws of said Territory of j
! Utah are practically administered with equal justice to all •
I inhabitants of said Temfory. j
: Mr. DODD offered the following resolution:  
1 Resolved, That the firstTuesday in February he $ef dowji '
■ for the consideration of business relative to the District of
, Columbia.
! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Make it the first
| Monday.
1 Mr. CLTNGMAN. I shall object 10 it if it be
! made the first Monday. I am satisfied with it as
it is.
' The resolution was adopted.
j Mr. VALK offered the following resolution:
| Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
; quested to inform this House of the reasons, if there be
| any, why its icsoiution of the oth instant, in relation to the
; employment of a Government architect, Stc., has not been
* noticed or answered by hini.
| Mr. HOUSTON objected.
| Mr. WALKER offered the following resolu-
; tion; which was read, considered,and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Officc and
Post Roach he instructed to inquue what would be the time
required lor tho tiant-portauon ot tlio man.-? from the ci'y of
, .Mobile, by the way of the Isthmus of T< huantepec. when
the road now in couise ot'constiuction aeio-s th- s-aid Isth-
mus completed an I in operation ; and whethe r i* i.- not
j now fxpudiemto authorize the Po-tma-te! Gowrnl to entei
into contract to secu.e a weekly mail trom the eif\ of Mo-
! bile, by the way of the Isthmus oi Tclnmntepee. to San
] Francisco, in California, whencvei the said load io>>. tin;
; Isthmus of Tehuantepec is completed and m f.ctu.d op-ra-
tion ; and to report to this House by lesolution. bill, or oth-
, envise.
j Mr. WINSLOW offered the following resolu- ;
| tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Committee on Naval Affairs he in- ■
; atructed to inquue into the expediency of providing by law
! tor the appointment of a judge advocate ior tne iVavy ; and
' that they have leave to report by bill or otherwise. |
| Mr. PIKE offered the following resolution; i
; which was read, considered, and aereed to:
j Resolved, That the Secretary of tiie Navv be directed to
' furnish thi-  House with a copy of tne report made by a ;
i board of oilicers appointed to ?ee to tne teeing the dock, i
; basin, and laiiwav at the navy-yard at Pensacola. with the
ship Columbia, and to state the probable weight of this ;
; >hip and tne estimated weight of a ship of the hue: and if
, the contractor <hd not agiee to take up a ship weighing
1 five thousand tons arid over. i
! RcsoL-ed, That the Secretary of the Navy be further re- !
i quested to state iiow much money the contractors had re- j
ceived for tne dock.- ha-^iri, and railway at Pen^acola, pre\i- j
j ous to testing the works with the Columbia, and if he has '
■ paid the said eontiactors any further sum, and how much 1
! since he received tiie report of the boaid of orScers above !
, stated
| Mr, FLORENCE offered the following resolu- |
tion: :
R'-^olvnd, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
allowed a clerk, end be paid ttie same compensation that i< '
1 allowed tootm-rcierkstostandingeommittee^ofthe House j
; ot Representatives, and which is only to be paid for tne j
| time he is so employed. j
S Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected. j
| Mr. AKERS offered the following resolution; '
| which was read, considered, and agreed to: j
j Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be, and
j is hereby, instructed to inquire into the expediency ot giant-
1 ins pubuc lands to the State of Missouri for the purpose of
' aiding in the improvement of the navigation of the Osage
j river, in that State.
| Mr. BALL offered the following resolution:
! Resolved, That the Piesident of the United States be re- !
: quested to cau^e to be tian mittcd to this Hou e, soon <
as procurable, a copy of a proposition recently made by I
I Mes&i*. Berry and Mohuri, to the Secretary of \Var, for the !
completion of the new Po^t Office building now m process i
of construction m tne city of Washington. j
j Mr. BURNETT objected. j
j Mr. DENVER asked the unanimous consent
i of the House for!ea\e to introduce a bill making ■
an appropriation to reimburse to the State <~.f ;
California money expended in the suppression
: of Indian hostilities in said State. |
! Mr. SAGE objected. j
! Mr. SANDIDGE introduced a bill explana-"!
' tory of an act approved the 2d of March, 1805,
1 entitled " An act extending in certain cases the -
| provisions of an act entitled an act to extend I
j preemption rights to certain lands therein men- !
j tioned," approved 3d March, 1853; which was I
; read a first and second time, and referred to tiie j
1 Committee on Public Lands. I
Mr. McMLLL^J" oeked leave to introduce a
bill U'pe.iling an act approved February 9, 1816,
entitled ''An act to continue i, force an act enti-
tled an act laying a duty on imported salt,
granting a bounty on pickled fish exported, and
allowances to a certain vessels employed in the
fisheries."
Mr. TODD objected.
Mr. STEWART introduced the following res-
olution; which was read,considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands inquire
into the propiiety of reporting a bill to extend the provis-
ions of ihp bounty land laws to any persons, volunteers or
otheiwise, encaged in the waters of Dorchester county,
and near James Inland, State of .'Maryland, m the capture
of a tender and eighteen men, with tho officer* belonging
to the Biiti^h ship Dauntless, duiing the last war with
Great Britain, and Report by bill or otherwise.
ROBERT DAVIS.
Mr. LTNDERWOOD. I desire to report, from
the Committee of Claims, a bill for the relief of
Robert Davis. The bill is-4o pay him only one
hundred and forty dollars, the value of a horse
lost in battle. His case was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims several Congresses since, and a
favorable report was made upon it. It has never
been acted upon by Congress, having gone over
. with other unfinished business. The committee
, is entirely unanimous in its favor; and I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to allow the
hill to be acted upon now.
No objection being made, and the bill and
accompanying report having been read, the bill
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time: and being engrossed, it was read the third
time, and pas&ed.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bilK; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act to procure a bust in marble of the late
Chief Justice John R-utledge; and
i An act for the relief of the heirs of Major Gen-
eral Arthur St. Clair.
Mr. SNEED. I ask that the Committee of
the Whole House be discharged from the further
consideration of a bill (H. R. No. 237) to liqui-
date the unadjusted contracts for the Tennessee
river improvement.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, objected.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. GROW. I desire the consent of the House
that the special order in reference to the tariff
shall not override the special order set apart for
territorial business. If there be any objection, I
desire to move to suspend the rules, so as to sub-
j rnit a motion that the special order in reference to
, the tariff be postponed until the special order
relative to territorial business shall have been
| disposed of.
! Mr. CRAIGE. I object.
j Mr. GROW. Then I move to suspend the
i rules.
! The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
! rules is already pending.
j Mr. HOUSTON. Let me ask the gentleman
i from Pennsylvania whether it will not be compe-
! tent for him to-rnorrow to move to postpone the
] special order in reference to the tariff?
i Mr. GROW. Yes; but a single objection, as
! I understand it, is enough to defeat that motion.
j AMENDMENT OF THE RUU2S.
! Mr. MILLS0AT offered the following resolu-
i tion:
I Rcsvlred, That it Miall lie a standing rule of this House,
i that on the mtJoriuction ot any b'il or joint resolution,
i whether under Mi-pen^ion of the rules or otlierwi.-e, the
j previous que-tion sliail not bo seconded exeept by at least
three fouiths of the members present, until two hours have
- been *pem in the consideration of such bill or joint res-
olution.
Mr. WALI3RIDGE. I object.
: Mr. PHELPS. I desire to ask the consent of
the House that a joint resolution (S. No. 42) to
. provide for ascertaining the relative value of the
coinage of the United States and Great Britain,
; and the fixing the relative value of the unitary
coin of the two countries, which has bdtn re-
ferred to i he Committee of Ways and Means,
may be printed, together with an amendment
suggested by that committee. '
It was so ordered.
