1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
377
message from the.senate.
A message was received from the. Senate, by
AsBuay Dickins, their Secretary, notifying the
House that the Semite had passed bills of the
following titles; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House:
An act (S. No. 12) to vest the title to certain
warrants for land in George M. Gordon;
An act (S. No 334) for the relief of Charles
Lucas, or his legal representatives, and for other
purposesj
An act (S. No. 335) for the relief of the heirs
and legal representatives of Pierre Cazelar, de-
ceased ;
An act (S. No. 354) for the relief of Santiago
E. Arguello;
An act (S. No. 357) for the relief of Lieutenant
Frederick Chatard, United States*Navy;
An act (S. No. 361) for the benefit of the cap-
tors of the British brig Caledonia, in the war of'
1812;
An act (S. No. 362) for the relief of Catharine
V. R. Cochrane, sole surviving child of the late
General Philip Schuyler;
An act (S. No. 364) for the relief of John
Scott, Hill W. House, and Samuel 0. House;
An act (S. No. 369) for the relief of Laurent
Millaridon;
An act (S. No. 374) for the relief of Moses
Noble;
An act (S. No. 390) for the relief of John
Dick, of Florida;
An act (S No. 392) for the relief of Andrew
A. H. Knox and Joseph 0. Campbell, of the
State of Louisiana;
An act (S. No. 393) for the relief of John
Temple, of Louisiana; and
An act (S. No. 472) to continue the pension-
heretofore paid to Mary C.Hamilton, widow of
Captain Fowler Hamilton, late of the United
States Army.
AMENDMENT OF GRADUATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to discharge the Com-
mittee on Public Lands from the further consid-
eration of a bill (H. R. No. 675) to amend an act
therein named, for the purpose of bringing it be-
fore the House, that it may be passed.
The bill enacts that all entries of the public land
under the act to graduate and reduce the price of
the public lands to actual settlers and cultivators,
approved August 4, 1854, made prior to the pas-
sage of this act, in which the purchaser has made
the affidavit and paid the purchase money, as
required by said act, are hereby legalized, and
patents shall issue to the parties, respectively,
excepting those entries under said act where fraud
is or may be charged before the Commissioner of
the General Land Oificc previous to the issuing of
said patents; in which cases, patents shall not
issue until it shall appear to the satisfaction of
said Commissioner (after proper investigation)
that said entries were made in good faith; pro-
vided that this art shall not be so construed as to
confirm any of said entries winch have heretofore
been annulled and vacated by said Commissioner,
and the lands thus restored to market have been
entered by another person.
The second section enacts that in all cases
where lands shall hereafter be purchased for act-
ual settlement and cultivation under the provis-
ions of said act, it may and shall be lawful for the
Commissioner of the General Land Ollice to cause
patents to be issued to the purchasers of the same,
when they shall have satisfied the register and
receiver, by the testimony of two credible wit-
nesses, that they did, within twelve months after
the purchase of said lands, actually settle upon
and cultivate the same.
Objection was made.
Mr. HOUSTON moved a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. PHELPS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 109, nays 59; as follows:
YEAS — Mufebis. Akcrs, Alien, Ball, Barbour, Ilendloy
S. Ikumett, Bilimghuistj iiisliop, bocock, lirenton, Broows,
Broom, Burhngame, Burnett, Lewis I). Campbell, Bayard
CJarke^Clmginan, Ilovvell Cobb, William^-on R. VV. Cobb,
Colfax^bovodo, Crajnn, Cullen, Cumback, Day, Denver,
Dickon, Dovvdell, ii.lihundson, Edwards, Elliott, Emrie,
English, Btheridge, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Garncu,
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Iiaven, Ilolloway, Thomas R.
Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Houston, Howard, Jewett,
George W. Jones, J, Glancy Jones, Kennett, King, Knapp,
Knight, Knox, Lake, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Mace,
Alexander K. Marshall. Samuel a. Marshall, Maxwell,
Smith Miller, Million, MiMward, Morn>on, Mott, Nichols,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Moidecai Oliver, Paine, Peck,
Phelps, Porter, Powell, Ciuwnan, Reade, Rivers, Robbtns,
Ruflin, llust. Sabin, Sandidge, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Swope,Tappan,Thoi -
ingrton, Thurston, Tiippe, Tyson, Undenvood, Vail, Wal-
biulgc, Waldrun, YVulkct, Cadvvalader C. Wa&hburne,
EHihu 11. Washhurne, Watkins, VVheelei, Whitney, Wins-
low, VVoodvvorih, Daniel J3. Wright, John V. Wnght, and
ZolheoflPr—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Henrv Bennett, Ben-
son, Bingham, Biiss, Bradshaw, Branch, Buffinton, James
II. Campbell, Cailile, Chaffee, Ezra UlarK, Ciaige, Dick,
Dodd, Durfee, Flagler, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Grangei,
Grow, Harlan, Hodges, Hughston, Knowlton, Leiter,
Humphrey Marshall, Matteson, JVIeCariy, McQ-ueen,
KUhan Miller, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Murray, Parker,
Pennington, Peny, Pettit, Pike, Tringle, Purviance, Pur-
year, Ready, Ricaud, Roberts, Sage, Sapp, Sherman,
Sneed, Spinner, Stanton, Todd, Wade, Wakeman, Israel
Washburn, Watson, Wood, and Woodruff—.">9.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds not
voting in the affirmative.)
Pending the above call,
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, stated that if he had
been present when his name was called, he would
have voted in the affirmative.
CLERK TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, asked leave to report
the following resolution:
Resolved. That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
allowed a clerk, who is to be paid The same compensation
as is allowed to other clctksof standing committees of the
House, and paid only for the ume so employed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York, moved a suspen-
sion of the rules.
Air. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Millwaiid
and Pringle were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 98, noes 44.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof.)
Mr. FLORENCE called for the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution.
The House was divided on the call; and there
were—ayes 52, noes 31; no quorum voting.
Mr. SAPP demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Faulkner
and Sapp were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 91, noes 31.
So the previous question was seconded. The
main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. GARNETT (at two o'clock and twenty
minutes) moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
resolution upon the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the resolution; and it
was agreed to.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolu ion was agreed
to, and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. GROW. I now desire to call up the ques-
tion in reference to the special order. I ask the
Chair whether a majority of the committee enn
lay aside the special order in relation to the tariff,
and take up the special order m relation to tein-
tonal business ?
The SPEAKER. That is not a question for
| the Chair to decide. It is a question to be de-
cided by the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GROW, Well, as I understand the rules,
a single objection would prevent the special order
in relation to the Territories being taken up. I
therefore move to postpone the special order in
relation to the tariff until the special order relative
to territorial business shall have been disposed of.
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 object.
Mr. GROW. 1 move to suspend the rules.
Mr. CRAIGE. 1 call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The rules were suspended.
The question recurred on the motion .to post-
pone the special order on the tariff bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call for the yeas
and nays, I want to see whether the House is
prepared to postpone the tariff or not,
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 desire to inquire of the Chair
whether more than three days have been set apart
for the consideration of territorial business?
The SPEAKER.. Only three days have been
set apart, including Tuesday.
Mr. PHELPS. Then Tuesday, Wednesday
and Thursday of this week were set apart for the
consideration of territorial business; and that
special order was made prior to the order con-
cerning the tariff. I think this time ought to be
given to the Territories—as it usually is—and I
hope the gentleman from Virginia will withdraw
his objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania if he could
not as well postpone the consideration of territorial
business as that of the tariff, and of reducing the
taxes of the country?
Mr. GROW. Is this question debatable?
The SPEAKER. The question on agreeing to
the resolution is debatable.
Mr. GROW. I call for the previous question
on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. McCLUEEN. Is it in order to move that
the territorial business be confined to the three
days set apart for it ?
The SPEAKER. It will be so confined by
the Chair. The special order on the subject
limits that business to Tuesday, Wednesday,and
Thursday next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes, and Friday
and Saturday are private bill days.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was agreed to, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS, ETC.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I am instruciedby
the Committee on Commerce to call the attention
of the House to a bill that has been pending a
long time. It is now matured, and I think if the
House will give me its attention, it can be dis-
posed of in a very short time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I raise a ques-
tion of order. I want to know what question is
pending1?
The SPEAKER. It is necessary for the gen-
tleman from Maine to make his proposition.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I wish to call up the
motion to reconsider the special order assigning
Tuesday, December 20, for the consideration of
House bill (No 187) establishing the collection
districts of the United States, and designating
the ports of entry and port3 of delivery in the
same, and for other purposes. Mr. F. then
addressed the House in explanation of the pro-
visions of the bill His remarks are withheld
by him for revision, and will be published in the
Appendix.
Mr. WALKER. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Maine proposes to call the previous
question.
'Mf. FULLEPt, of Maine. That is my inten-
tion.
Mr. WALKER. Then if the gentleman will
yield me the floor, I will, as a matter of course,
promise to make that motion: but, in the mean
time, I will move that the House do now ad-
journ.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make
a question of order on this. I understand that
the gentleman from Maine has yielded the floor.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. i have only yielded
it for an inquiry.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit this ques-
tion of order. This bill was postponed, was it
not, till some time in December last ?
The SPEAKER. Till the 20th of December.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee." And then a mo-
tion was entered to reconsider that vote. Now,
the time to which the bill was postponed having
passed, can you keep the bill up here by a motion
to recoasidef? I subaiit that question to the
Chair.
