1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
dollars from the Treasury. It is now drawing
annually about three hundred thousand dollars.
This sum is divided between the ship-owners
and captains of one thousand eight hundred and
twenty-two vessels engaged in the cod fisheries.
It is drawn and enjoyed by them in violation of
almost every provision of the laws by which it
was created. First, the law is violated in this
respect: that it was its intention and purpose to
have this money divided among the fishermen;
yet by the united testimony of the friends and
advocates, as well as the opponents of this boun-
ty, it is quite monopolized by the owners and
captains of these vessels. The fishermen rarely
ever get any part of the bounty. Out of these
one thousand eight hundred and twenty-two ves-
sels, one thousand six hundred and twenty-two,
or all but three hundred, are enrolled and licensed
in the States of Maine and Massachusetts. The
remaining two hundred are divided between New
Hampshire, Connecticut, Rhode Island, and New
York. Twenty-five States of this Union are
made to pay tribute to the codfish aristocracy of
but six States, who are owners of one thousand
eight hundred and twenty-two vessels.
Nor, sir, is this bounty realized in accordance
with the law, but in its open or covert violation.
First, the law requires, in order to entitle these
men to this bounty, that their vessels should be
examined by the proper officer of customs before
they make a voyage, to see that they have the
proper outfit; but this is regarded as mere matter
of form, the officer boarding the vessel and re-
porting in accordance with the information fur-
nished him by the captain.
Again, the law requires that a journal or log-
book should be kept, showing the date of sailing,
the ports entered, the daily catch, and the date
of return; yet this journal is made up after the
voyage is completed, and is duly sworn to and
presented as true and authentic by the claimant
of the bounty.
Again, the law requires, to entitle them to this
bounty, that they should be engaged three and a
half months exclusively in catching codfish, to
be dried or dry-cured; yet they are engaged in
catching other fish, and in bringing any kind of
fish in a green state into market. So habitually,
and so successfully, is this requirement violated,
that the fishermen scarcely pretend to disguise it
"themselves.
Such, sir, is the concurrent testimony of almost
every collector from Eastport to New Bedford.
Their testimony, I am told, is on file in the
Treasury Department here; and when this bill
comes up regularly for discussion, I shall pro-
duce the evidence of every assertion which I
make.
Because of these habitual violations of the law,
the collectors of customs along the coast of New
England, as I am advised at the Treasury Depart-
ment, are constantly demanding additional rev-
enue boats and more seamen, and an increase of
expenditures for repairs, in order to watch the
fishermen, and prevent them from perpetrating
these frauds. Hence, the result of this bounty is,
that, in the first place, the planter, farmer, manu-
facturer, mechanic, miner, and every other class
of the community but the fishermen, are taxed
to raise $300,000 per annum to distribute in boun-
ties between the wealthy ship-owners, mainly of
Maine and Massachusetts, engaged in this cod-
fishery. And then is superadded a tax to raise
a further sum of about thirty per centum,in order
to provide proper guards to prevent the fishermen
from robbing the Government of more than their
bounty. In short, we pay these men, first, for
attending to their own business, and then we pay
other men to oversee them, and see that they do
attend to their own business. "We pay them a
bounty for catching codfish, and then we employ
a large number of revenue officers in order to see
that they do not take by stealth what they do not
earn by labor. This, sir, is a question not merely
of political economy, but of political morality. It
is not merely whether we shall continue the in-
justice, the tyranny, and oppression of taxing
the masses of the people in order to raise boun-
ties to put into the pockets of a few owners of
fishin*vessels, but whether we shall continue the
greater iniquity of offering a premium to frauds
and perjuries. For, sir, as I shall prove by the
friends of this policy, these men go out, not so
much to catch fish as to catch the bounty.
If neither justice nor morality will constrain
us to repeal these laws, then I shall urge their
repeal because the reasons which originated them
no longer exist. These bounties were not granted
in order to foster the codfishery. As is known,
I presume, by all the Senate, at the time this
bounty was first granted, all the salt consumed in
the United States was imported and paid a heavy
duty. Codfish at that time constituted one of
the principal articles of our cbmmerce, and vast
quantities of salt were consumed in curing them.
To avoid the impracticable details necessary to
enable the cod-fishermen to reclaim the duties
they mightpay on the salt,indemnity was granted
them in the shape of bounty on the tonnage em-
ployed in that trade, and this was graduated ac-
cording to the capacity of the vessels, and the
quantity of salt they might consume.
This bounty-was repealed with the salt duty
in 1807. In 1813, when the duty on salt was
reimposed, the bounty law was reenacted. In
1819, when the duty on salt was twenty cents for
every bushel of fifty-six pounds, this bounty was
increased. At that time, as we all know, money
was scarce and much more valuable than now.
At this day the duty on salt is but little over two
cents and a half a bushel. Hence, considering
the greater scarcity and value of money, and the
greater amount of duty then, the duty of to-day
is but as a feather's weight compared with that
paid in 1819, and previously.
Moreover, at that time, as I remarked before,
codfish were the only fish of any commercial
value. Now, we know that mackerel, herring,
and especially whale, are far more valuable—the
whale infinitely more valuable, while the catch-
ing of it is far more hazardous and expensive.
Therefore, I repeat, that the reason of the law no
longer exists; and the reason ceasing, the law
ought to cease.
But, taking for granted the assertion of the
advocates of this bounty, that it was intended to
foster codfisheries, yet it has signally failed, ac-
cording to their own testimony. From 1792 until
this day, this codfishery has been languishing,
and is still languishing; it barely lives—as its
friends tell us, and have always told us. Sixty
years of Federal nursing, and ten millions of
Treasury pap, have not been sufficient to give it
the strength and energy to stand alone. It is the
same puny, pitiable bantling that it was in 1792.
If taxes are to be levied for the benefit of a priv-
ileged class—if this Government must have some
pet to nurse, I am for repudiating this puny,
rickety, deformed foundling, and taking up some
other worthy of our care, that will in time do the
country some credit, anil yield it some support.
It shall be no fault of mine, sir, if the people are
not fully advertised of the demerits, the iniquity,
and wrong of this bounty. I propose to refer the
bill to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SEWARD. It is not my purpose, as the
subject is entirely new to me, to speak at large
on the merits of this bill; but I have a word to
say with regard to its proper reference. I suppose
no one will contend that the original object of the
bounty given to the codfisheries was to raise
revenue. It is not a revenue measure. But its
objects must have been, as I suppose will be ad-
mitted by all, in the first place, to promote com-
merce; and, in the second place, to fortify the
navigating interest of the United States, so as to
enable it to hold competition with the navigating
interests of Great Britain, and of other European
States.
It is more than a hundred years since a very
vigorous opposition was made to a treaty of peace
between England and France on the ground that
the treaty permitted to the citizens of France a
participation in the codfisheries within three
leagues of the coasts of these and other British
colonies. More or less a policy of encourage-
ment was continued throughout as long as this
country was under the Government of Great
Britain. Since that time that interest has been
cherished, not merely for the purpose of encour-
aging an adventurous and important branch of
commerce, essential to the comforts of society,
but also for the purpose of increasing our mer-
cantile marine, and supplying a nursery for sea-
men required by the United States Navy.
It is hardly necessary for me, at the present
stage of this question, to say that the remarks
of the honorable Senator who has introduced the
bill seem to me not to be particularly kind or
generous towards the States whichare concerned
.in the codfisheries, and certainly to be very far
from just. It is no aristocracy thfet is engaged in
the hardy, adventurous employment of taking
fish of any kind in the northern seas. If either
of the two classes into which society is supposed
to be divided are concerned in it, it is probably
the democracy, and not the aristocracy. It is a
codfish democracy, then, not a codfish aristoc-
racy, of New England that is to be struck. In
the second place, 1 think it is hardly the aristoc-
racy of society that are concerned in the cheap-
ness of this article. It enters, like teaand coffee,
and sugar and salt, into the consumption chiefly
of the poor, rather than of the rich. The con-
sumers of codfish are a democracy, not an aris-
tocracy. So these attempts to raise prejudice
against the fishing bounties, on the ground of
distinction of classes, seem to me to be unjust.
So far as it is alleged that the maintenance of
this bounty encourages frauds on the revenue, I
have no doubt that there is some force in the alle-
gation. It has been the experience of mankind
from the beginning, and probably will be so to
the end, that the moment you begin to raise rev-
enue in any way, either by direct taxation or by
indirect taxation, or the moment you attemptin
any way to encourage any branch of industry,
that moment the Government gives an encourage-
ment.and stimulus to jobs and frauds and impo-
sitions. This is an evil; but want of revenue and
want of industry are greater evils.
I am perfectly willing that this subject shall
have an investigation with reference to that ob-
ject; namely, to see whether there is any just
ground of complaint concerning the execution or
administration of these bounty laws. I will not
detain the Senate further than to say, that, as this
is not a measure of revenue, and not any more
proper, in my judgment, for the consideration of
the Committee on Finance than every question
which involves an appropriation of money, I
would move to amend tne motion of the Senator
from Alabama, so as to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, which I think is the proper
reference, and of which the honorable Senator
from Alabama himself is a member.
Mr. CLAY. I have no objection to referring
it to that committee. Perhaps it is more appro-
priate, for it is very certain that the Government
does not derive any revenue from this bounty.
It is paying out all the time.
The Senator from New York has said nothing
that is new or strange to me—nothing that X could
notreply to now; but I will not consume the time
of the Senate in doing so. When I speak again
on this question, however, I will sustain the
truth of my assertions, and will show that it is
not the democracy — not the poor of New Eng-
land, that share this bounty. I will show, ac-
cording to the testimony of the friends of the
bounty, that it is divided between the shipowners
and the captains of the vessels. I will say nothing
more at this time about it, but I will agree that it
be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I rise, Mr. President,
merely for the purpose of letting my constituents
know that this movement does not escape my
notice. Of course, at this stage, although the
honorable Senator from Alabama has seen fit to
indulge in a strain of vituperative remark with
regard not only to the laws themselves, but the
operation of the laws, no good can come from at-
tempting to reply, because, I presume, it is not
intended or calculated to produce any effect on the
final action of the Senate, or of the committee,
with reference to the proposed measure.
These laws have existed ever since the estab-
lishment of the Government, and certainly they
must have been founded on some good reason.
It would have been very strange if we found a
policy adopted by the fathers, which in spite of
repeated attack has continued to be the policy of
the Government from their day to- the present,
and has been considered by a very large portion
of the country, certainly a majority of the repre-
sentatives of the people, to have resulted in great
good, when the laws themselves were founded in
error and mistake, and have been productive of
no practical benefit to the country as a whole.
But, sir, it requires a little courage, I think, on
the part of the Senator, to denounce, in such un^
' measured terms, laws that have formed a part of .
