1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
port on the southern coast, it will give me as
much pleasure to vote for it as to vote now for
the establishment of a naval depot at PortRoyal,
for I know very little about the port, except what
I have ascertained since I came here, and the
papers have been submitted to my inspection.
Now, so far as regards water capacity, but one
opinion can be maintained, and that is in favor
of Port Royal. There can be but one opinion on
that point, if we are to take the soundings. One
channel is seventeen feet, and the other twenty
feet, and rises to twenty seven feet, and the other
may come to twenty six feet at the highest tide.
Something has been said about marshy, shift-
ing sands on this bar. I am told, and that is the
report, that it is remarkable for its hard bottom.
The sands which drift and sometimes affect the
navigation at Charleston, do not drift and inter-
fere with the navigation of this place. It is a hard,
deep basin of limestone, or marl, or something of
that kind. There is very little sand there.
Having shown that it contains more water, and
having thrown out the challenge that I am willing
to try it by any one vessel that may go into the
two ports, I think gentlemen had better not spec-
ulate too much upon theories and reports of other
people. The report recently made is certainly to
be taken in preference to these erroneous specu-
lations and erroneous news of Stockton—errone-
ous if this be right.
Now, 111 regard to Brunswick, for all ordinary
purposes frigates can get in there, but only frig-
ates. Seventy-fours and steamers of the largest
burden cannot enter that place.
Remarks have been made as to the capacity of
Port Royal for defense. I do not believe that
any place at the South or the West, or the East or
the North, or the Northwest, or any other por-
tion of the couiftry, is so well situated with ref-
erence to obtaining all the supplies necessary for
a navy. I care not what may be the demands
of a navy. 1 do not say that it depends on the
Beaufort district, nor do I say it depends on South
Carolina, nor do I .say it depends on Georgia.
Why, sir, there is a magnificent river—the Savan-
nah river, running^up to the very mountains. It
traverses as fine a soil, in regard to its produc-
tions, as any on earth. It runs up to the Blue
Ridge, and you can find in the Blue Ridge,
-lime and iron, wheat and corn. It runs down
to the cotton region,' and my friends from Geor-
gia can well attest it. It runs through the
cotton 'region of Columbia, Edgefield, Abbe-
ville — as fine a cotton region as any that ex-
isted before the western lands were brought into
cultivation. It runs down through as fine a pine
forest as any on earth. I do not go to Georgia,,
but I go to Georgia and South Carolina both for
pine forests; and Savannah is supplied with
nearly ail her timber from the Barnwell district,
in South Carolina. When they want high masts
for "vessels they come up there to get them.
Sir, if you speak of the pine region, I do not
know any region that is washed by any river that
would carry such pine timber to market as the
region washed by the Savannah. They can carry
it from the pine lands of South Carolina and the
pine lands of Georgia. It is notorious that Sa-
vannah is supplied in a great measure by those
who raft timber down this stream. The rafting
of timber is not very well understood by gentle-
men here. It is rafted down the runs into the
Savannah river to supply the markets below.
Mr. IVERSON. I know a little more about
the commerce of Savannah than the Senator does.
I think I do, and do not claim any great vanity at
ihat. A large quantity of the supplies of timber
for Savannah come from Darien and St. Mary's,
in I he State of Georgia, and not down the Savan-
nah river. The Savannah river does not run
down through a piny country; it runs through
level swamps, and very large swamps at that.
There is very little timber of any kind carried
down the Savannah river.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 will take the statistics, and
I say three runs in Barnwell, all tributary to the
Savannah river, send more timber into the city
of Savannah than Darien does. I take issue,
with the Senator on that point. I have tried
their cases. These Savannah factors have sold
timber, and I know where it comes from. It
comes from Barnwell and adjacent districts down
the Savannah river. I do not say that the Sa-
vannah river has pine trees on its banks, but its
tributaries carry timber into the Savannah river.
It is only twenty miles of the finest road and the
best and richest country, from the Savannah
river to Broad river, where we should like to
have the naval depot. In peace or war we could
have the certainty of supplies from as fine a
country as is to be found in the United States, of
wheat, corn, and rice. Why, sir, in this neigh-
borhood are all the rjee plantations of South Car-
olina; and I suppose South Carolina raises more
rice than all the rest of the United States together.
I do not underrate Georgia; but when my friend
says that Georgia can supply so and so, and
Georgia must derive such and such benefits, allow
me to say that I am willing to do justice to South
Carolina and Georgia both. I say again that we
supply more than you do. As regards supplies,
there is no comparison between the two points.
When the railroads will be broken up there is a
river to carry down the commerce from this point.
I have heard a great deal said by my honorable
friend as to the facilities of railroads. Why,
sir, there is a railroad now from Savannah to
Charleston in the proccss of construction, and
that will not go perhaps ten miles from where
this naval depot would be if located at Port
Royal. _ **
The facility of getting to this depot from Savan-
nah, from Charleston, from Darien, by the ocean
in time of peace, would be great enough; and in
time of war, I answer for it, the Savannah river
would be a much better source of supplies for a
naval depot than any that can be named, because
it is the boundary between the two States of South
Carolina and Georgia, and the country around it
is of remarkable fertility, taking it all in all. At
one time, it carried more cotton down it than all
the rivers on the earth; and, if its history were
traced, I do not know that it lias not gone very
far to enrich not only South Carolina and Geor-
gia, but Alabama, Mississippi, and the other
States. Our people, who have left their own
States after exhausting the soil, have gone to
those States from the banks of the Savannah.
When I speak of the Savannah, I speak of it
with associations of endearment. I have known
it from my childhood. The first town I ever
knew was Augusta.
The Senator from Georgia has alluded to the
healthiness of Port Royal and Brunswick. It is
notorious that persons resort to Port Royal, and
to several of the islands there, for health. The
sea-breeze there is delightful. I do not know
how the gentleman has come to the conclusion
that Beaufort is unhealthy. There was a time
when the cholera prevailed there. The Senator
says it never prevailed at Brunswick. I do not
know that anybody ever lived at Brunswick at
that time. [Laughter.] There were-certainly
not as many people killed in Brunswick of cholera
as in New Fork, or Philadelphia, or Charleston,
or any other place. I do not know how many
inhabitants there arc in Brui^wick now; but I
think that utterly unimportant. But as the gen-
tleman read a communication from a Mr. Jewett,
I will ask whether Mr. Jewett is not interested
in this very enterprise? I do not know that he
is; but when I see a stranger coming in with such
fostering care, and such fertile suggestions, I am
tempted to say, Timeo Danaos ct dona ferentes. 1
have nothing to say against him, if he be inter-
ested—very far from it. He has a right, and
others have a right, to make a suggestion. I am
not concerned on behalf of my provincial part of
South Carolina; but I assure you that if my friend
from Georgia and myself were to take the " Craw-
ford," and go there, whatever we might say of
the harbor, we should find very hospitable houses.
I am perfectly willing that a commission should
be instituted, and that we should go there under
the command of any proper captain, and enter
these ports, and make a trial uf them. I know
my friend from Georgia is too much of a military
man to give up his position. I have no right to
suppose he would do that.
So far as regards resources, Port Royal is su-
Eerior. For capacity of water it is superior. For
ealth it is equal. It has a history, and it is not
an obscure or an uninteresting one. On one ac-
count I should like to see it revived, because the
first place where a European vessel ever entered
into that portion of the country was through the
harbor of Port Royal. Sir, the stirring tales, the
tradition, the history connected with those set-
tlers , all elevate it to admiration, except that, with*
an internecine kind of contest, they killed each
other, and left no witnesses to give testimony.
Those Spaniards and French, weal! know, when
they met each other, did not hesitate to think
they were doin* a service to kill each other when-
ever they met m any part of the globe, and the
history of that portion of the world is uncom-
monly exciting on that very account.
That, however, has nothing to do wftR* this
question. I do not underrate the port of Bruns-
wick. I wish I could vote for the establishment
of this depot at Brunswick; and if it shall come
to the point that none other can be selected, I tell
my friend fVom Georgia I will vote for Bruns-
wick.
' Mr. IVERSON. That is the question.
Mr. BUTLER. I shall adhere to my own
glace first; but if that is lost I shall vote for
irunswick; but I have no idea that either ought
to be selected with the precipitancy which has
been indicated here. I am not so sure that my
friend from North Carolina [Mr. Biggs] may not
bring up Beaufort, in his State. There are many
other places that perhaps may have claims on
the consideration of Congress.* As to the national
point of view in which these depots should be
selected, I would not be willing to select entirely
in reference to the depth of water, or the resources
of the place. If you send out a commission of
gentlemen at the head of the different bureaus—
the Ligh t-House Board, the Coast Survey,'and the
Engineer's office—I am willing to take their opin-^
ion, and I assure my friend that I will not demur
to it. I shall be thankful to have this controversy
settled in that way. I am perfectly willing that
Brunswick shall be selected if it is the better port.
1 am also willing to say that it shall be selected,
if it is an equal port. I do not believe it is a
better port, and I do not believe it is an equal port.
God knows nothing would give me greater con-
cern than to see anything like rivalry in com-
mercial, or any other interests, between the two
States of Georgia and South Carolina, especially
a§ long as that sacred river, the Savannah, runs
between them. That river will unite them in
spite of all the politicians who may undertake to-
force them into adversary positions. Their in-
terests are the same; their destiny is the same;
and you cannot separate them. I wish I could
do here what was done after the celebrated battle-
of Platcea, when the Spartans and Athenians dis-
puted for the laurels of victory, and they could
not agree among themselves. They gave them
to gallant little Platcea by way of settling the
controversy. I wish I could give this to Florida,
but she has got one navy-yard now. I wish I
could give it to North Carolina, if that would
settle the dispute between us; but North Carolina,
is too near Norfolk.
Mr. BIGGS. We are south of Cape Hat-
teras, and on the right side.
Mr. BUTLER. With regard to the number
of States to be accommodated, I suppose Port
Royal and Brunswick would be about equal, and
in that regard North Carolina is not. I believe
I should be willing to give it to Florida or Ala-
bama, but Alabama would be too far towards
New Orleans, and Florida it> already accommo-
dated by a very fine navy-yard. I say it is neces-
sary to have one in South Carolina or Geoigiu,
ana I am willing, in the spirit of conciliation, to
take the one or the other as we can get it,
Mr. TOOMBS. I beg the indulgence of the
Senate for a few minutes on this question. It
seems that on a motion to recommit the bill to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, the whole ques-
tion is open for discussion, and very properly,
for, as I stated yesterday, a postponement is a
defeat of the measure. I hope I shall be excused
for assuming that gentlemen understand the full
consequence of their own action. I think too
much of their intelligence to take any other view.
The first point presented to our consideration
is, ought the bill to be recommitted ? I say not,
because the committee give us no reason for
recommittal. It was referred to them at the last
session, and they reported the bill back to the
Senate. It is true, as stated by the chairman of
the committee, that they did not meet formally
to* consider it; but that was because the facts were
so few and simple that nothing was required.
They cannot suggesta single investigation which
is not accessible to the Senate through the De-
