384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20.
If they can make any suggestion to
partments
last session of Congress it would have been
passed, but for the gentleman from Florida, [Mr.
Yclee,] who was no enemy to it—of course not
—but we had only an hour of the session left,
and he threatened'to speak it out, so that we had
to postpone it.
Mr. YULEE. Does the Senator allude to me ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. YULEE. I made no threat.
Mr. TOOMBS. But from your evident inten-
tion to continue speakinff, we postponed the hill.
Mr YULEE. I ' ' ' ' ' ' '
intended to say.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator was speaking
when we had but an hour and a half of the ses-
sion remaining. We had no sort of indication
that he was going to stop, and the friends of the
measure said they could not lose the appropri-
ation bills by listening to the Senator's speech,
and the bill was postponed by a majority of two.
I believed, as did others, that the Senator in-
tended to speak out the bill. Now, opposition
to it comes in another form—in the shape of a
resolution from the South Carolina Legislature.
Th at is its history.
Mr. BUTLER. What is its history?
Mr. TOOMBS. I say, that last year the bill
was passed by the House of Representatives,'
came here, was referred to the Committee on
£Javal Affairs, was reported back, and was about
SI elsewhere; but whether there be too many or too h wick. We have seven navy-yards in the United
" ' ' " ' ~ The
for a
  _         , Sound,
where the Government has made its reservation , before reaching1 Beaufort, you have but thirteen
of timber—where the largest and vastest forests I1 foot of water.^ It is true, as stated by the Senator
belonging to our country are, with the best timber | from South Carolina, that you can get over the
in the world. This is a fact which everybody \\ bar at Port Royal Sr'jund; but you cannot sret at
knows as well as the Committee on Naval At- ij any convenient pin e for a harbor, oi within six
fairs. It is a part of the ^eo^raphy of the coun- ij "miles of one, whe/c there is mdre than thirteen
try which everybody understands. ij feet of water. The depths which I have bVfore
Then, I say, the committee propose to bring J| me show that. At the mouth of Savannah river
""" ' r ' l: you have a bar of nineteen feet at low water, and
a tide of ten feet, which would brin<r in the largest
class of ships; but before you get five miles you
strike a sand bar, and you cannot got up to the
city of Savannah or to Cockspur Island. I ob-
tained from Mr.Bache,of the Coast Survey office,
a statement on this point. I take it, that when
you have but six feet water at any point before
coming to that at which you want your navy-
yard, you might as well have six feet all the way
from the sea, because you cannot get your ship
where there are but six feet.
Mr. BUTLER
Port Royal.
Mr. TOOMBS.
us no new fact. The board to which I have re-
furred, inquired twenty years ago as to the capa-
cities of the various harbors, with reference to
had" concluded what I had these great elements so desirable in a navy-yard
I! or naval depot, namely: first, sufficient depth of
water to permit free access at any stage of the
tide for the heaviest ships of war; second, defense
by land and water; third,resources and supplies
of every kind for the speedy equipment of fleets;
fourth, salubrity at every season of the year;
fifth, ample supply of water; sixth, facility of
1 wharfing and docking. These six considerations
; were inquired into by the commission appointed
j by the Navy Department under the resolution of
; Congress to examine the harbors between the
• capes of Virginia and Cape Sable. One of tTiose
: commissioners was a citizen of South Carolina,
I —a captain in our Navy—all three of them dis-
i tinguished officers in our Navy; and on all these
! points they unanimously gave the decided pref-
j erence to Brunswick.
Mr. BUTLER. Assuming: that the bar at
in reference to that.
Mr. BUTLER.
Mr. TOOMBS.
But there is no such place at
I have before me the tables
to be put on itspassage. Prom all the indications !l Port Royal was but seventeen feet deep. It turns
of previous votes, there was a majority in favor ij out to be twenty.
of it; but an effort to speak it out, or what was i ~ ~
supposed to be an effort to speak it out, induced i
a majority of the Senate to postpone it, rather j
than lose other bills, on the morning of the final j
adjournment, and then it was postponed until j
the third Monday of December last. I
Now we are told by the chairman of the Com- i
mittee on Naval Affairs that he is instructed by j
the committee to move to recommit it. That '
committee ha\e no control of it; they aie seeking 1
after this business; they come here at this session
asking for a reference to them of a matter the !
jurisdiction of which has passed out of their :
hands. They manifest an anxiety of some sort '
to clutch this bill, which they before parted with i
under the rules of the Senate. If the committee !
desire that the bill be recommitted, they are :
bound to give the Senate some reason for that ;
cou.se. We are told by the chairman that we !
ought not to act hastily, and he refers us to the
establishment of the navy-yard at Memphis, '
which we were finally compelled to abandon. '
That is true; but has this measure been hastily
presented ? Twenty years ago the Senate of the
United States passed a resolution, calling on the .
proper officer of this Government to have all the
harbors south of the Chesapeake examined and
surveyed by a commission—the very thing which
the Senator from South Carolina yesterday said
ought to have been done. The Secretary of the '
Mr. TOOMBS. They said they surveyed it,
and I am stating the report of the commission. ]
The Senator said yesterday that was what he j
wanted. I am showing that we have it, and what i
it is. He says we ought not to act hastily. I !
grant it. He says we ought to have a commis- j
sion. I show that we have had it, and I show \
him what that commission did. I will state the j
comparison which they made between these har- j
bors. They say with reference to Beaufort: j
''Tins harbor was surveyed by Lieutenant Stockton in I
1823. His leport has been tested by soundings arid observ- ,
ation, and its general correctness ascertained." \
But I will not read all this, as I do not wish to i
detain the Senate; I will come to the conclusion i
of the report—the comparison: i
" The undersigned, in obedience to a resolution of the |
Senate, have arrived at the point where they are directed i
to report on ' the comparative advantages and facilities of ■
porta south of the Chesapeake, lor the establishment uf a j
navy-yard.' Deptii of water and ea«y access being objects 1
of' the rir>t confederation, they are of opinion that the ports
I have every sounding here.
The Senator has them in
I such a shape that, even with the two boys whom
' he got to hold up his map for him while he ox-
plained it, I could not see the points, nor do I
i suppose anybody else could. If the facts were
i put in figures we could make a companion. I
| have before me two columns of figures that show
[ the relative advantages of the two place:?. The
j northeastern channel of Port Royal entrance is,
according to the last survey, seventeen feet at
low water and twenty-four feet at high water in
ordinary tides. At spring tides it is sixteen feet
five inches at low water. On Broad river, it is
1 true, there are thirty feet at low water and thirty-
| seven feet at high water. I wish the Savannah
! river was as great as my friend, supposes; but
j whatever may be the advantages of Port Royal
j in that respect, I can tell the ^nator tha^Bruns-
; wick is superior to Beaufort, for you can reach it
by water by entire inland communication from
Savannah, but you cannot reach Savannah from
Beaufort without going out to sea.
Mr. BUTLER. I think the Senator is mis-
taken.
Mr. TOOMBS. You can go entirely from
Brunswick to Savannah by inland navigation.
Then there is a railroad communication, now
nearly finished, for thirty miles, and cars run-
of Chaaeston, Danen, and St. Mary's, hem? deficient m ]'*ning over it, connecting Savannah and Bruns
deptii of water to permit the entrance of a larger ship than
asioop-of-war,areunfitto compct^vith the frigate harbors
of Beaufort, Savanna!), and Brunswick.
*• The pieierence i  nan owed down lo one of these ; and
having duly weighed their relative pretensions, v.e have no
hesitation in ■prefemas, Brumtvick. Beaufort mu-t yield to
her in the essential points of depth of water, easy access,
and capability of detense."
Three of the most important elements in a
Navy detailed competent officers for the purpose. :1 n.avy_y^r(^ depth of water, easy access, andcapa- j.
They were selected to report the comparative jl Clt? of defense. Beaufort, these gentlemen say, :j
advantages of the various ports, and give their \ must yie'" on these points:
iU. i *  tvtI " Savannah mn«t wnv. f
judgment as to the best point between Norfolk
and Cape Sable.
I should think that twenty years would afford
sufficient time for persons who intended to learn
anything about it, to learn something on this
eubjcct. This commission wasappointed twenty
years ago; it consisted of three competent officers
„i?.i.^  u_  : i T\ . v\ i i ii
Savannah mu«t give way, for her easier access and
greater depth of water on the bar cannot be carried up the
river to a site safe from the sea and an enemy, and appli-
cable to the establishment of a navy-yaid.
*'• Ff a frigate could but reach Cockspur Inland, the opin-
ion expressed in favor of Brunswick might be recalled.
Brunswick is the most southern irigate harbor on the At-
lantic sea-board. Placed near the great, outlet of tiie com-
merce of the West Indies and the Gulf of Mexico, her po-
of the Navy, who examined Port Poyal with all s,non a state of maritime warfare would be invaluable,
its historic recollections which the Senator from ' « <*«>e nararatraa uitere Ls of un enemy mn  n « bvnor
South Carolina has to-day again presented to us,
wick. This is a road rapidly progressing, and
not projected, as is the road to which my friend
referred between Charleston and Savannah. The
larger portion of the road to which I allude is
finished, and all of it will be in a few months.
There is another road, which is partly completed,
to connect the harbor of Brunswick with the
harbor of Pensacola, which is to cut off the <;reat
commercial difficulty of this continent—the Capes
of Florida. This road will connect the most
southerly port on the Atlantic with the best
frigate harbor and the best port anywhere on the
Gulf, which is Pensacola. A portion of that
railroad is finished, and the rest is progressing
under the auspices of the State of Georg a, and
is being built. It is not a projection , but is act-
ually being consummated; and knowing both the
will and the SbiJity of that State, I say that it
may be considered by the Senate as a fact accom-
and they compared it with Charleston, with S
Alary'.-., with Savannah, and with Brunswick.
It was obvious to everybody then, and had been
for many years, that for two thousand miles of
our coast there was not a single point for reoair-
ins a .ship. This is the case now. If we had
five hundred nat y-yards and four hundred and
fifty of them w-re useless, it would be no argu-
ment against this measure, because the useless
yaids are certainly not here, for there is not one
between i he capes of Virginia and Pensacola. A
veiy large pott:oa of the commerce of the coun-
try and a large portion of the materials for ship-,
building are m this neighborhood which is neg-
lected. I am not complaining of navy-yards
December 1836."
 respectfully submitted
WOOLSEY,
"ALEXANDERCLAXTON,
'<E. It. SUUBRICK.
since the navigatm? interests of an enemy must pass by her l! :• c ^
door. AH which is respectfully submitted || phshed the connection of the Gulf of JMexic
at her best port with the most southern and best
port on the Atlantic ocean. It would be vain to
cut off the peninsula, if you cut it off at ports
where ships could not arrive. This might bp the
case with some ports which might be selected;
but here are two frigate harbors that will be con-
which, I presume, is well known to any member nected with each other by a distance of eight or
of the Senate who has paid the least attention to 1 ten hours, and supplies and forces can be trans-
the subject. I have in my ho,id? now, in a con- , ported from the Gulf of Mexico to the Atlantic
Vfninu form, all that I presume the committee
could give us in reference to the depth of water
Since that period the surveys made by this 1
commission have been verified. This is a fact ;
' ^statement of the survey of every harbor in the
1 United States where we have a navy-yard—and
i| it does not fill much paper—including those ports
j! at which navy-yards are proposed, including the
Li harbor of Beaufort or Port Royal, and Bruns-
ported
ocean. This gives Brunswick peculiar advant-
ages for this purpose.
Then there is another road projected, which i
hope will be built, from Brunswick to the city
of Macon, which will connect with Memphis
and the Mississippi river. Brunswick lies nearer
to the public reserves of live-oak timber in East
