THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
"TH^OFFICIAL PEOCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 22, 1857.
New Series. .. .No. 25.
Florida, than any other harbor. It is surrounded
by large forests, which have not been culled and
destroyed, as those on the Savannah river have
been. There was at one time a large timber
trade there, but it has decreased, and is still
further decreasing. The export of timber was
for many years down the Savannah river, but it
has lessened as the timber has disappeared; and
it would disappear anywhere else where it had
been cut to a great extent for many years.
There are two hundred or throe hundred miles
from the coast intercepted by noble rivers for
lumber, as good as we want—the Altamaha, with
its two branches, the Oconee and the Ocmulgee,
which penetrate large forests of oak and pine, the
best on the face of the earth. A canal of twelve
miles in length, connecting the Altamaha with
Brunswick harbor, is nearly finished. To the
south are immense timber countries, penetrated
by these railroads, and by the Saint Mary's river.
Then there is the Saint John's river, in Florida,
for which Brunswick is the nearest harbor. In-
deed, you can go from Brunswick to St. John's
river by inland navigation, without going to sea
at all. Thus you command-the whole reserva-
tions of timber on the St. John's river, in the
State of Florida.
The Brunswick is connecting itself with Pen-
sacola, surrounded by the finest timber forests in
the world, connecting itself with the great gran-
aries of the West by a direct and the most speedy
of modern communication. It presents every
advantage over Port Royal, which is inaccessible
and always will be, except by water. It is not
backed by any considerable country. It is not
in the line'bf commerce. The connection to the
great West is with Charleston or with Savannah,
not with Port Royal. There is no communica-
tion now tending there—neither commerce nor a
tendency to commerce, nor any effort to carry it
there—none that I ever heard of. There has been
a project to connect Savannah and Charleston by
a railroad that may run along the shore within
fifteen miles, but may not run within forty miles
of Beaufort. There is not even an effort to direct
commerce in that channel. The only effect of
keeping it before the Senate, I fear, will be to
distract us, and prevent the country from obtain-
ing a naval depot at a good and convenient place—
in fact, the best place.
This is not a novel project. It has not been
sprung suddenly on the Senate. Two years ago,
when I called the attention of the Government to
this matter, I did not introduce a bill or resolution
for Brunswick alone; but 1 introduced a resolu-
tion calling on the present Secretary of the Navy
to have the southern harbors surveyed, and send
us all the facts, pointing out the best port for the
establishment of a navy-yard or depot on the
southern coast. The result is this bill for Bruns-
wick. The call for information went to the proper
Department; it was not for a private bill; it was
not to benefit particular individuals; the resolu-
tion did not even designate this port; but I called
on the Secretary of the Wavy to point us out the
best place. Admitting the necessity of such an
establishment on the southern coast, I asked him
tcv designate the point, and Brunswick was
selected.
We have all the information which any com-
mittee can fjive us. The bill has passed'one branch
of the Legislature, and we are ready now to act
upon it. "Unless the committee can tell us that
there are some other elements besides the six to
which I have alluded, we have all the information
we can-get. We have it from our skillful agents,
sent to make examinations under our own rules.
If the committee can point us out any other ele-
ments to be consulted in selecting a site for a
navy-yard, I will yield to their demand; not
otherwise.
Mr. BIGGS. I do not rise for the purpose of
prolonging this debate, but to enter my protest
against wheti appears to be a contest between
Port Royal and Brunswick for a naval depot on
the southern coast. I regret very much that an
allusion has been made to this as a sectional ques-
25
tion by one of the Senators who has addressed
the Chair. I desire to investigate this matter
upon general national considerations, and my at-
tention has been directed to it with that view. It
might be very well anticipated by the Senator
from South Carolina that there are other points
besides the two which have been alluded to,
which arc entitled to consideration if we estab-
lish a naval depot. There is the port of Beau-
fort, North Carolina, which was suggested for
jhis purpose before Beaufort, South Carolina, was
talked about. When we make a question as to
the propriety of establishing a naval depot in
North Carolina, we are met by a board of naval
officers with a report that we do not need any
naval depot at all.
I wish to cull the attention of the Senate to a
report of that board of officers in regard to this
particular question. An inquiry was made by
the Senate, as to whether Beaufort, North Caro-
lina, was not an eligible point for a naval depot,
and it was referred to Commodores C. Morris,
W. H. Shubrick, and Joseph Smith, distin-
guished naval officers, and they report that—-
"There aie, at tliis umo, fiujht imvy-yards mid depots,
and two naval station-; thai they arc all kept m .1 Mate of j
necessary iiiiprovfiiuciit unci lepuir, nml, in ihe opinion ot |
the undersigned, are amply surtieu'iit to meet the wants on J
the Atlantic coas-t of a iiiucli l.iu?er naval lorre llian lias
yet born luittiouii'il. It wimhl licit, tliercloic, in our opin-
ion, bo ndvantanemn to tint United Stalen at this time to
mocase the mnal depots tor supplies, by establishing one
at lieauioit, North (J.uohua."
This is the answer wc got to an inquiry in
regard to this point, from a board of naval offi-
cers, thatwe have sufficient naval depots already,
and that there is not one necessary at all upon
the southern coast. This put an extinguisher on
our proposition to establish one at the point we
think most eligible 011 the southern coast for a
naval depot, notwithstanding what has been said
in regard to Brunswick, Georgia, and Beaufort,
South Carolina. We are now met with this
proposition to establish one at Brunswick, and
we are pointed to surveys and examinations
made twenty years ago. I have called the atten-
tion of the Senate to examinations made at a
more recent period. I may be charged with
being opposed to this port, because I prefer Beau-
fort,"North Carolina; yet I am placed in this sit-
uation: with this report of these naval officers
before me, and this controversy going 011 be-
tween Port Royal, South Carolina, and Bruns-
wick, Georgia, 1 am compelled to vote fora com-
mitment of the bill to the Committee 011 Naval
Affairs, that they may examine into all these
places — not confine themselves to an examina-
tion of two points, but extend the examination
to all other points eligible for a navnl depot on
the southern coast, from Chesapeake Bay to Pcn-
sacola.
A great deal has been said in regard to Port
Royal and Brunswick. I do not piopose at all
to trouble the Senate with reading more than two
or three extracts in regard to the point to winch
I wish to call the attention of the Senate, and
which I desire may be examined by the Com-
mittee 011 Naval Affairs as well as the points to
which allusion'has been made in the argument,
and about winch there seems to be a contest be-
tween the gentlemen representing the States of
South Carolina and Georgia. It is admitted 011
all hands that neither of these ports has sufficient
capacity of water for ships of the largest size.
The extent of the water in either of those ports, i
I understand, is seventeen feet, which is the mean
depth at low water. I wish to call attention to a
report made in regard to Beaufort in North Car- I
ohna, and I shall be gratified if, in this contro- 1
versy, the wishes of my friend from South Car-
olina could bo carried out; that is, that as there
seems to be a contest between other ports, and as 1
this seems to be the most eligible point, they
should agree on Beaufort, North Carolina. It is
equal in capacity as far as water is concerned.
Then T wish to call attention to another im-
portant clement that ought to enter into the de-
termination of this question—defense. At this
point there is already a fortification that is ample
to command the work againstany attack thatcan "
be made by an enemy. Fort Macon starfilhere
in a position fully competent to resist a®M8ack
made by an enemy.
But in addition to what has been urged as a
reason why these other points should be consid-
ered and selected, we have what it seems to me
will foil with much force on the mind of every
person to whom it is addressed—we have suffi-
cient materials in the back country, and then we
have a railroad independent of the interior water
navigation which connects it with the navy-yard
at Norfolk, Virginia. Wc have now in process
of construction a railroad from Beaufort, North
Carolina, connecting it with all the chain of rail-
roads to the Mississippi river, and that railroad
will soon be constructed. What is more import-
ant is, that we connect the railroad with a chain
of railroads that will tap the most valuable coal
region that is known in any of the States of this
Confederacy, which is an important desideratum
it seems to me, so far as a naval depot is con-
cerned; and we shall have'an ample supply of
coal for the navies and commerce of the world.
If I understand the reports made on this subject,
in North Carolina is found the most valuable coal
that has ever been discovered on the American
continent.
Mr. STUART. Allow mo to interrupt my
friend. It is evident, from the number of Sena-
tors who desire' to speak 011 this question, that
we cannot get a vote 011 it to-day; and if he is
willing, I will move an adjournment.
Mr. BIGGS. I am willing to agree to that.
Mr. SLIDELL. I wish to move an executive
session.
Mr. STUART. "Wc can do that, and let this
question remain as the unfinished business.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after sometime spent therein, thedoorswere
reopened, and the .Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 20, 1857. . .
The House met at twelve o'clock,,m. Prayer
by the Chaplain of the Senate, Rev. Stephen P,
Hill.
The Journal of yes terday was read and approved
The SPEAKER stated that reports relating to
territorial business were specially the order of the
day.
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. GREENWOOD, it was
Ordered, That the clerk of the Court of Claims be re-
quested to return the papers in the case of Dent, Vantine
&. Co., for reference to a committee of the House.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury
recommending additional appropriations for
taking testimony for the Court of Claims; which
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a statement of the Postmaster General
of fines, deductions, &c., in that Department,
in 1855-56; which was laid on. the table, and
ordered to be printed.
BILLS REPORTED, ETC. #
Mr. WASHP.URNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported back House
bill (No. 748) authorizing the construction of a
public building at St. Paul, Minnesota Territory;
which was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed. _
Mr. GROW, from the Committee on iernto-
ries, reported back, with an amendment in the
nature of a-substitute, a bill (H. R. No. 640) to
complete the Capitol building at Omaha City, m
i the Territory of Nebraska, and. for securing to
