386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
said Territory the square on which said Capitol
building is being erected, and for other purposes;
which was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
LAND LAWS EAST OF CASCADE MOUNTAINS.
Mr. GROW, from the same committee, also
reported back a bill extending the land laws east
of the-Cascade Mountains, in Oregon andWash-
ington Territories.
The bill was read. It extends the existing laws
relating to the survey and disposal of public lands
in the Territories of Washington and Oregon,
west of the Cascade range of mountains, to the
lands lying east of said mountains, within said
Territory.
Mr. GROW. There is nothing in this bill
except the extending of these land laws, and I
presume there will be no objection to dispose of
it now. I ask that it bo put upon its passage.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was read
the third time, and passed.
CLERKS OF UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. GROW also, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (H. R. No. 623) authorizing
the settlement of the accounts of the clerks of
the United States courts in Oregon and Wash-
ington Territories.
The bill was read. It authorizes the account-
ing officers of the Treasury to adjust antl settle
the accounts of the clerks of the several counties
in Oregon and Washington Territories, appointed
by the United States judges as clerks of the Uni-
ted States courts.
Mr. GROW. The law authorizing the ap-
pointment of clerks in Washington and Oregon
Territoriesprovides that the judges shall appoint
a clerk. The Comptroller of the Treasury, in
construing that law, refuses to audit the accounts
of more than one clerk in the district. There
being but one clerk in the district when these
courts first sat, it was necessary for him to travel
■with the court with the minutes and records,
crossing streams and traversing mountains, by
which the papers were subject to be lost. The
court then appointed a clerk m each of these
counties, with a fixed office. This bill author-
izes the accounting officers to settle with each of
these clerks in his district, the same as the Comp-
troller now settles with one. That is all the pro-
vision of the bill, and I ask that it be put upon
its passage.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was read
the third time, and passed.
MESSAGES FR05I THE PRESIDENT.
Several messages in writing were leceived from
the President of the United States, by Sidney
Webster, his Private Secretary.
Also, a message informing the House that the
President has approved aud'signed a resolution
and bills of the following titles:
Joint resolution m favor of J. W. Nye;
An act to authorize the Postmaster General to
execute a contract with Messrs. Garman, Wigle,
and Renford, for carrying the mail from Cumber-
land, Maryland, to Greensburg, Pennsylvania;
An act for the relief of Charles Denman;
An act making appropriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United States
for the year ending 30th June, lEv.S; and
An act for the relief of Joseph White.
FURTHER REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
On motion of Mr. GROW, it was
Ordered. That the Committee on 'IVriiroiie* bp discharged
from the flrcher ooiiHdcianon of a hill i H. R Xo. ?(J9) ior
Tt Juither appropriation and foi the completion of the terri-
toiiul jo.id tiov, i.ic;n£ constructed from opposite Council
Kluflk, 1'AM. to New l-'oit K>itni\. and that the be
reieired to the (,'ozwnntee on Military Aiiair*.
On motion of Mr. GROW, it was
Ordeied. T!;ft" the Committee cm T"j ritin ic> be discharged
flora the lurtiif'i oonsideration of jo^nt resolutions or the
IVrritoiy ol' Washington, relative to of perdu ill
of inembetr. of the Le^islatiue, and a continuation ol" the
geological survey ot Washington Trmtoiy, :uig thut the
same be [an! on the table.
Mr. QUITMAN, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported back a bill (H. R. No,
431) to authorize the Secretary of War to settle 1
and adjust the expenses incurred in defending !
the frontier settlements of Nebraska against the '
' Indians during the year 1855, with an amendment
I in the nature of a substitute; said bill and amend-
i ment were referred to the Committee of the
\ Whole on the state of the Union, and, with the
I' accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. PURVIANCE, from the Committee on
' i Territories, reported back, with the recommend-
II ation that it do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 641) for
i1 the construction of a road m the Territory of
Nebraska; which was referred to the Committee
!; of the Whole on the state of the Union, and, with
,, the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
: i Mr. P. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill (H. R. No. 710) for the construction of a
wagon road from the South Pass of the Rocky
1 Mountains, in Nebraska Territory, via Great Salt
}' Lake valley, to Honey Lake valley, on the east-
'' em portion of the State of California, with the
j recommendation that tt do pass; which was re-
ij ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
' state of the Union, and, with the accompanying
., report, ordered to be printed.
,! Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on Ter-
j! ritories, reported a bill to establish a separate
| judicial district south of the Gila, and to create
the office of surveyor general therein, to provide
! for the adjudication of certain land claims, to
; grant donations to actual settlers, to survey ecr-
; tain lands, to provide for the representation of
■ the inhabitants of the Gadsden Purchase in the
Territorial Legislature of New Mexico, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and second
' time, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
| the state of the Union, and, with the accompany-
• • ing report, ordered to be printed.
i: On motion of Mr. MORRILL, it was
Ordered. That the Committee on Territories be discharged
1 from the fui tiler consideratiftn of the memorial and pioeeed-
'u legs of the people ot'Anzoma,praying tor the organization
|, of a new Ten itory, and that tho same be laid on the tabic.
ji Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on Ter-
; ritories, reported back a bill (II. R. No. 328) to
: change the eastern boundary of the State of Cal-
!; ifornia, with the recommendation that it do not
;, pass; which was laid on the table, and the accom-
panying report ordered to be printed.
Mr. M. also, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the petition and papers
• praying for the annexation of Carson Valley to
California; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRINGLE, from the Committee on Indian
.. Affairs, reported a bill authorizing the appoint-
ment of a superintendent of Indian affairs for the
■ Territory of iNew Mexico, and for other purposes;
I which was read a first and second time, referred
; to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and, with the accompanying report,
ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. FAULKNER, it was
Ordered. That tlie Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs dis-
■ chafed 'roul the iuitller eonndeiation of a hill (II. 11. \'o.
, 6-21, making appiopnations for the payment of the imhtui
> called into service by aetm£ Governor ."Me^ervv Jor the
' suppression of Indian hostilities m the Terutnrv of New
1 j Mexico in Isi-l; and that the same be Paid on tile table.
; MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE,
j A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickixs, its Secretary, notifying the House
,i that the Senate had passed an act making appro-
■ j priationsfor the consular and diplomatic expenses
' of the Government, for the year ending 30th
June, 18o8, with several amendments; in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
! EXPENSES OP INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN ORE-
GON AND WASHINGTON.
Mr. FAULKNER. Mr. Speaker, I am also
directed by the Committee on Military Affairs .to
ask ihat that committee be discharged from the
further consideration of a bill (H. R. No. 693)
providing for paying the awards of the cormnis-
sionersappointed by the Secretary of War, under
the eleventh seeiioh of the act of Congress ap-
proved August IS, entitled " An net making
appropriations for certain cml expenses of the
: Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1 IS.Ti." In making tins repoit, the committee do
'• not wish to lie understood us expressing any
' opinion against tho payment of volunteers'called
i out in Oicgon and Washington. At the last ses- (
on a Jaw was passed directing the Secretary of
I; War to make an examination into this matter
j: and authorizing him to appoint for that purpose
j; a commission of three officers, to go to Oregon
; and Washington. We have neither their report
I: nor any report from the Secretary. Therefore,
,j it is deemed that action would, at this time, be
|! premature.
" Mr. LANE. I ask, and earnestly request, the
j favorable attention of the House to the few re-
marks I have to submit upon the action of the
;j Committee on Military Affairs in reference to this
j, bill.
; I may be permitted to remark that I am not a
little surprised at the decision rendered by the
r committee upon this question. The people of
!'' Oregon and Washington Territories deserve bet-
| ter treatment. They arc American citizens, and
1 live upon American soil, and therefore expect and
;; are entitled to the defense ancf protection of our
•; Government; and are justly entitled to pay for
1 services and expenses incurred in defending the
l, settlements from the tomahawk and scalping-
!i knife of the merciless savage.
[| This bill, so summarily condemned by the com-
mittee, authorizes the Secretary of War to pay
: such claims as maybe allowed by a board of com-
! missioners, who were appointed under an act
passed by Congress during the last session,
i authorizing him to appoint such board to examine
■ and report upon the claims of the people for ser-
vices and expenses so incurred in defense of their
homes and firesides, if, in his judgment, the
awards so reported by the commissioners should
, be deemed by him just and proper.
The committee appointed by the Secretary of
War, under the provisions of this act, is com-
posed of two distinguished Army officers and
one civilian, whose capacity and integrity are
wholly unimpeachable. It is, therefore, fair to
; infer — nay, the conclusion is irresistible — that
i; the awards of this commission are at once honest
and just. There, then, can be no objection to the
passage of the measure upon the ground that
'■ gentlemen may entertain apprehensions of unjust
I or exorbitant claims against the Government
under the provisions of this bill. Yet an honor-
!, able member of that committee reports this bill,
J with a mere verbal statement that the committee
have unanimously instructed him to report the
t bill to this House, with the recommendation that
it " do not pass." It is not even dignified with
i, a^ written report of any description whatever.
Those the most deeply interested in the passage
, of the bill—they who have braved the terrors of
the battle-field in defense of our unprotected
frontiers—so far as the action of this committee
is concerned, are never to learn one of the reasons
which influenced the action of the committee in
the summary condemnation of this measure, so
important and so essential to them.
I do not desire to detain the action of the House
by a repetition of the description of the causes
and operations of the war in which our people
' have unfortunately been so seriously involved,
and in which many of our best citizens were sacri-
j ficed. When the war opened upon the defenseless
: settlements, and Major Halierwas surrounded,
! and his whole force likely to be destroyed by
" the savages, through the Governors an appeal
i was made to the people for aid and assistance.
The people promptly l esponded to the call, and
remained engaged in the service for months, en-
during greater privations, hardships, and suffer-
. ings than any volunteers have suffered since the
'■ days of the Revolution.
It was urged last session, as a reason why the
| bill should not pass, that there was great dis-
, crepancy in the reports of the accounts of the
'■ war given by the officers of the Army and by
the civil officers of the Government. In order to
elicit the tiuth, and that right and justice might
be done in the premises, the boaid of commis-
sioners, as I have just stated, was appointed;
and in this way the objection referred to has been
obviated. Upon the statements of the then op-
ponentsof themeasure, the Army officers were our
accusers, and now theyare accepted by us as our
judges in decidingupon the merits of our claims.
To the decisions of this commission the people
, are ivady and content to submit. Mr. Speaker,
! we ask by this bill that the Secre&ry of War
shall be authorized, upon the report of that com-
j mission, to pay such awards as, in his judgment,
, is just, right, and proper.
