888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
should be the protector and the guardian of the j
red man in the Territory of Washington — the :
murder of an Indian in the very house of the j
Governor of that Territory, and the massacre of
some fourteen or sixteen others in its immediate
vicinity — men who had been chased with their
wives and children over the Cascade Mountains,
and who had returned, a shattered remnant of a
former,tribe, asking only,that they might die on
their native soil — and they did die ! The last
mail from the Pacific brings us this news. Per-
haps, sir, this incident may prove the inaugu-
rating step to another "Indian war," involving
aiew demands upon the Treasury of the nation,
"and the appropriation of additional millions of
dollars.
1 am gratified %vith the report of the Committee
on Military Affairs; yet, while I would be will-
ing to vote, even now, one third of this demand,
leaving to an impartial commission the adjust-
ment of the balance, I cannot, with the views I
entertain -of the state of affairs in those Terri-
tories, vote for these wholesale and undefined
appropriations. There are good men 111 Oregon
and washington—men who hold just and right-
eous claims upon the Government, and who ought
lobe remunerated for their time and their losses,
and to pay them there will be none, no, not even
the honorable Delegate from Oregon, more ready
than myself to vote the requisite appropriations.
But I want to see this subject simplified. I want
to see these vast appropriations brought to the
test of scrutiny—impartial scrutiny; and I would
have that scrutiny as stern as it should be impar-
had murdered, and had thrown the infant of one
of them into a well alive, and had committed
other atrocious barbarities upon the whites of
that neighborhood. Men were in the vicinity of
the Governor's office who were knowing to these
facts, and who were of kin to the victims of his
atrocity; and the transaction occurred as I have
stated.
T3ut it may be said, and the gentleman from
New York seemed to allude to the fact, that the
Governor was not competent to protect his own
house and his prisoner of war. W11y, sir,
almost at the same time, within a few days of
this murder, an Indian was taken out of a mili-
tary fort from the possession of the guard, and
killed in the same way. If the military of the
country cannot protect a prisoner of war against
the outraged feelings of the populace, what could
a Governor with no power at his command do?
The gentleman is not willing to characterize the
transactions which have occurred as anything but
" forays." I wish to say to that gentleman and {
to the country, that there have been more white ]
lives lost in the Territory of Washington by"1
these Indian " forays," in the last twelve months, !
than have occurred in all the forays or wars in
Florida during the last twenty-five years. While
Florida contains a population ten times as great,
she has lost not one fourth as many people by
these forays. While there is a population four
times as great in the Territory of Kansas as m
the Territory of Washington, she has lost but
one third as many lives during all the troubles
within her border, as the Territory of Washmg-
tial in justice. 1 trust, then, that the request of j j ton has in the last eighteen months. And it must
the Committee on Military Affairs will be agreed
to; that the bill will go to the table; and that fur-
ther action will be deferred until the House is
better informed through the investigation of the
commission already appointed.
Mr. ANDERSON. I propose to add but very
little to what has been said by the gentleman fi;om
Oregon in reference to the justice of the war which
has raged m these two "Territoiies for the last
eighteen months, nor will I dwell at any great
length upon the claims of the people of those
Territories upon Congress for pay for their ser-
vices. I wish to allude simply to some remarks
which have fallen from the gentleman from New-
York, [Mr. Wiiitvf.y,] in regard to transactions
which have recently occurred in the Territory of
Washington. If Iunderstood that gentleman cor-
rectly, he stated that a murder of an Indian had
occurred in the house of the Governor of tiiat
Territory, and that sixteen other Indians have ■
been killed in the vicinity in a barbarous and
cruel manner. I wish to say to that gentleman
and to this House, that I believe I have as late
advices from the Governor of that Teintory
as any other man, and that I behove I have as
correct information ill regard to transactions
which occurred in and about the Governor's
office at that time as any other gentleman upon
this floor; and I will say to the gentleman from
New York, that he is wholly and entirely mis-
informed. _ That there was an Indian killed m a ,
room adjoining the Gove;nor's.oillee is true; but
that any other Indians have been massacred ill ,
that vicinity is utterly untrue. There were two :
or three Indian chiefs around Puget Sound who
had been active and prominent in all the " forays" i
which have occurred in that country. They had '
murdered men, women, and children,particularly ,
helpless women and children, within even six !
miles of the Governor's office. One of these
chiefs, a short time ago, was taken prisoner, and
brought to the Governor's office. He was brought !
ill late in the evening—perhaps after nightfall—
and placed ill the custody of the Governor, and '
remained in his custody three or four hours
under guard. Late at night, or early in the morn-
ing, beiore day, the Governor retned, leaving the
prisoner under a competent guard, and he had
not been absent but a few minutes, when some
persons unknown rushed in, overcome the guard,
and killed the Indian. There were no other lu-
be remembered that the people of "Washington
who have been murdered are mostly helpless and
innocent women and children, who went there
in good faith to settle the country, and not men ;l for the last three months
lironf Until O niom + Cllimnn in fnnovin c «*1 11 itn r* v* rl .mil
who went, with a view to engage in forays and
war. j
Now, sir, I have nothing to say in regard to j
the commencement of the difficulties with the j
Rogue River Indians in 1S51 or 18o3. The gen- j
tleraan says they arose from the " wickedness !
and vices of the white men." I say that the j
j difficulties which have occurred in the"Territory i
I of Washington within the last eighteen months, !
! arose from no wickedness, from 110 vices upon [
i the part of the whites, but from a determination '
\ upon the part of the Indians to exterminate the !
| whites, and drive them from the country. I j
j was there when the difficulty commenced, and I !
| know of the first blood which was shed upon :
| Washington soil. It was that of a white man 1
i peaceably pursuing his way through the country !
j to the mines. He was followed'and killed by
1 the Indians. He was a citizen of the State of
] New Y'ork formerly, and for all I know was a
. former constituent of the gentleman from New
: York himself. An Indian agent was sent into
that region of country to ascertain why this man :
had been murdered, and to procure, if possible, '
reparation for the injury done. That agent was ,
not permitted to return, but was seized and his jj
throat cut from ear to ear, and his horse and body il
burned by these Indians. Then, sir, Major j
I Haller, of the fourth regiment of infantry of the il
United States Army, was sent with one hundred '!
and two men to chastise these Indians for killing '!
the New Yorker anil the Indian agent. Major j
| Haller, with his one hundred and two men, was i
I driven back with the loss of nearly one fourth of I
his command. Then a call was made by the '
i officer in command of the United States troops |
for volunteers. That is the origin and com- 1
;i niencement of the " forays" in Washington Ter- '
! ritory; and it did not grow out of any vices or !
wickedness" of the whites. I know, of my own ;
.! knowledge, that the Indians of that country have ,
been treated kindly by the whites. j
j But, sir, suppose they did grow out of the vices !
i and wickedness of the whites in that region !
j The gentleman ought to pursue the argument.
; He has stated that the Rogue River war in 1\">!
.... . and in I&53, and the Cayuse war, grew out of the i
dians m that vicinity murdered, as stated by vices and wickedness of the whites; and yet the i
the gentleman. This Indian was one who had l' Congress of the United States, notwithstanding !
killed men, women, and children in that very i| the white men in their wickedness had brou' lit '
neighborhood. :
Mr. SIMMONS. Where was the guard ? i
Mr. ANDERSON. It was in the room with i
vices and wickedness of the whites,as he charges
Congress should make this appropriation. It is
bound to protect the innocent settlers of that
country—a.nd he admits that there are some. Sir
I when has it been found necessary by Congress'
in the history of Indian wars in this country^
that the expenses of those wars should be fully
ascertained, and should be made satisfactory to
Congress in every particular,before any provision
was made for their payment? Suppose that, in
the case of the Florida war, it had been found
necessary by Congress to ascertain the expenses
of that war; that the war should be closed; that
the reports of the commissioners should be made
on these expenses; that the Secretary of War
should approve these reports; and that Congress
should ratify the action of the. Secretary of War,
before appropriations were made, where would
have been Florida by this time ? Never in the
history of the Government, or in any of the In-
dian wars, has it been found necessary that all
the expenses should be fully ascertained, and
reported upon by a regularly-organized commis-
sion for that purpose, approved by the Secretary
of War, and ratified by Congress itself, before
any appropriation was made.
At the last session of Congress, an objection
was urged that the people of these Territories had
gone to enormous expenses in conducting these
"forays;" and for that reason Congress was un-
willing to adjust and settle the expenses as they
had been incurred at that time. But, to guard
j against the danger of any exorbitant charges being
I made by the people of that country, Congress
! authorized the Secretary of War to send out com-
i missioners to ascertain what these expenses were,
j That duty has been performed by the Secretary
of War. That commission has been in session
It is now prosecuting
its labors, and will have completed them by the
time this session of Congress is at an end. Are
the people of these Territories now to wait till
another Congress convenes, and till it is seen
whether the report of that commission will suit
the views of the gentlemen who may compose the
next session, before any appropriation is made?
I tell you, sir, that so far as the people of Wash-
ington Territory are concerned, it is an absolute
necessity that some appropriation shall be made
at an early day. The Governor, in an official
communication, says that "starvation stares them
in the face." Why, sir, they launched every-
thing they had in this war. They not only volun-
teered themselves, and left their homes, with their
wives and children, behind them, barricaded in
block-houses, but they gave their horses and their
cattle, their wagons, their provender—everything
they had—to conduct the " forays" of which the
gentleman from New York speaks.
And, sir, to show you that the charges which
have been made ill this House, as to the exorbi-
tant prices charged for these things, have no
foundation in the world, I beg leave to mention
one fact. When the quartermaster, under the
direction of the Governor of Washington Ter-
ritory, purchased such articles as were neces-
sary to conduct the war—such as horses, cattle,
wagons,&c.—they, or such of them as were left,
were sold, after having been used in tile war ten
months, at fifty per cent, more than they were
purchased for!
Mr. SAGE. Will the gentleman allow me to
inquire what was the amount of sciip issued by
the Governor of Washington:
Air. ANDERSON. It approximated ^000,000,
deducting the amount of sales by the quarter-
master since the war.
Mr. SAGE. Can he give information as to the
amount of scrip issued by the Governor of
Oregon ?
Mr. ANDERSON. I cannot. As I was going
on to say—to show that the people of that country
had no design of plundering the public Treasury—
or, if they had, that they have been greatly mis-
taken in the manner in which they prosecuted
that design—instead of their plundering the public
Treasury, the public Treasury plundered them.
The men who, at the commencement of the war,
sold their horses for $100, had to turn round,
the Indian, but was overpowered. This was the
any
. .. . . . i, thing at all, and if precedemomountsto anythii,,,
Indian who had mutilated the bodies of those lie d admitting these wars to have grown out of the S $150,000 at the close of the war.
.   property '
I the war was purchased for $100,000, was sold for
I hope, sir,
