1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sible. It cannot be done. You may make as
many treaties as you please; you may combine
the letters of the alphabet into every possible
form, and make your treaty just as binding as
you please. To make it practical you must have
an agent at the other end of the line in Great
Britain, sworn to keep your warlike secrets. Do
you not see, sir, that it cannot be done ? If you
mean to prepare for war, this is not a war meas-
ure. It cannot be made subservient to the pur-
poses of this Government in war, and is not cal-
culated 01- intended for anything of that sort.
The" great question is, is it a measure of peace,
and progress, and information ? Is it of the char-
acter of our post office and our inland telegraph ?
If it be so, let us take it on its merits as a peace
measure, and admit—I will, for my humble self,
as a friend and advocate of the bill—that it has
no merits as a war measure, and cannot, by pos-
sibility, be made subservient to that end.
Mr. BUTLER. I was out of the Senate
Chamber when this subject was taken up, and I
do not suppose that I understand all that lias been
said in relation to it; but I understand enough
to satisfy me that I shall not vote for the bill with
the amendment or without the amendment. In
regard to telegraphic lines of communication in
our own country I have remarked, that so long
as they serve the purpo'se of conveying private
and desirable intelligence from one part of the
Union to the other, they do very well; but where
there is an interest to pervert the intelligence to
subserve party ends, and selfish ends, particularly
in commerce, this means is invariably resorted
to. I do not know anything that personifies
rumor better than one of these telegraphic com-
munications. Its reports may be true or not. It
is, in my opinion, the very personification of
rumor in the strictest sense; and when I trust a
wire into the hands—not of an enemy, for Great
Britain is not our enemy, but it is a country that
in war may becomc our enemy—when I trust it
entirely under the control of a commercial rival,
I will not let it be the medium of quarreling be-
tween us, because they will have all the advant-
ages in such a quarrel. Although we may be
an anti-fighting people, we are a pro-quarreling
people. It was just as much as we could do to
keep the two nations at peace some time ago. My
honorable friend from Michigan [Mr. Cass] and
Lord Clarendon kept up a good deal of contest,
and with one of these wires Clarendon would
have had decidedly the advantage over him.
[Laughter.] I have no idea of trusting anything
of this kind to any one \^lo can have an interest
to use it either for commercial or war purposes
against us. I shall vote against the bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I cannot vote for the amend-
ment of my friend from Ohio, in the first place,
because I haveno faith in these treaties of neu-
tralization. The phraseology of his amendment
is obnoxious to me in proposing to neutialize
Newfoundland the same as we did Central Amer-
ica. That is a kind of neutralization I never did
like, for it seems the British Government put their
own construction on it, and kept all the territory
they had before, and said the territory was only
neutralized as to us, instead of their giving us
equal rights there.
I can see but one remedy for all the evils antici-
pated in time of war. If both ends of the wire
are in the hands of the enemy, of course they will
us.e, ^ believe if we had a thousand treaties
with Great Britain, providing that tlicy should
keep it neutral and give us equal advantages, they
would devise means of knowing1 everything that
we sent over the wire. I have no doubt on that
point, and i have but little doubt on the other
point, that the war would not exist long before
we should have one end of the wire, "if Great
Britain had the other. My mode oflieutralizino-
the country would be to take every inch of British
soil on this continent, and then Great Britain
mightkeep the other end of the wire, and we could
talk to each other.
I am willing to vote for this bill as a peace
measure; as a commercial measure—notasa war
measure; and when war comes, let us rely on
our power and ability to take this end of the wire,
and keep it. In that view of the case, I have no
trouble in voting for the bill as modified on the
motion of the Senator from New York.
Mr. TOOMBS. There are two views of this
case which I think the JSenate ought to consider,
m
inasmuch as I doubt not they will vote the money
for this or almost any other projet that anybody
presents.
In the first place, we have not the interest
which England has in this matter,.and she ought
to pay more than us. She has Vast possessions
on this continent, with which it is very import-
ant for her to communicate, as it is for us to com-
municate with the whole of our own country by
our own lines. It is much more important to us
to secure, as we have been endeavoring to do for
several years, a communication between our At-
lantic and Pacific coasts, than to communicate
with the British coast. I do not see that the war
question which is urged has much to do-with
this measure, because, whatever you may agree
to in time of peace, war generally breaks up
treaties, and breaks up provisions for the neu-
tralization of certain • points. You may make
treaties a hundred times when the two nations
are in good humor; but when they get to fighting,
nobody pays any attention to them. Tliis has
always been the case, and it ought to be so.
In the second place, as a Government, I do not
see that we have any interest at all in this pro-
posed telegraph. It surely is not necessary to
the war power. I think gentlemen are unfortu-
nate in giving up that feature, because that seems
to be a power under cover of which you can do
many things that cannot be done otherwise. If
it is not necessary as a war measure, the Govern-
ment has no power by which she can facilitate
the,ordinary business of this country according
to my principle. If it is a useful Scheme for
commerce, the commercial intercourse is very
great between this country and England, und can
pay for it. I have no hostility to it. I am well
content with it in that view, and I will give it all
the protection that is proper and just.
Hut what do we want with it as a Government ?
England says that if she wants to send messages
which amount to .£14,000 she will pay for them,
and if she has not <£14,000 worth of messages to
send, she is not to pay anything. That is her
contract, as I understand. Where is there any
probability of our using it, except in the case of
sending a message to our Ministers? and I do not
suppose we shall send very often, for the reason
given by the Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Hale,] thatif it is worth England's know-
ing, she will know it. If the message we send
be valuable, she will know it. It is but very
rarely that we have messages of any sort to send
to our Minister in England. Our people have,
and the people who want information by this
means will be able to pay for it. It may some-
times be useful to me in my business; and if so,
I ought to pay for it. If the merchants of Boston,
New York, Charleston, and New Orleans, want
to communicate with Liverpool, they can pay for
it. They pay now for telegraphing from Halifax
to New Oi leans. Why should the Government
pay for it for them ? why should the Govern-
ment pay for the transmission of this intelligence
for the benefit of merchants and traders and man-
ufacturers and the people who want it ? There
is a good reason why England should pay for it.
If we owned Ireland as she owns her possessions
in North America, and we wanted to communi-
cate rapidly with it, this means might be neces-
sary as a part of defense, m order to give orders
for fleets. She not only owns Canada and Nova
Scotia, but she has large possessions in the West
Indies, and everywhere else where she can put
her huge paw. This hue will not only be useful
to her Government in war, but to her people, m
order to have this communication with her col-
onies. We have not the same use for it certainly,
and in my judgment we have none at all as a Gov-
ernment. Let the persons m commerce who use
it pay for it. Why do you wish to take money
from the people of the United States in order to
pay the legitimate expense of a paiticular branch
of business r Are we never to stop this principle ?
You talk of civilization. The Senator from
New Hampshire ought to go to civilizing the
masses of the laboring people, the mechanic and
the farmer, who are the most miserably duped,
Congress-ridden wretches that the world ever
saw. Money is voted out of their pockets here
daily, under tln^pretense of civilization and per-
petual peace! The idea that a thing which has
been will not be again, is against Scripture.
There will be war as long as men have their pres-
ent passions, and I think they are getting a great
deal worse instead of better. The only security
for peace is to be prepared for war. If this prop-
osition was to defend the country, and prepare it
to fight, I would listen to it with patience, and
give it my feeble aid; but whoever nets on the
Utopian idea, that men are not going to war until
the last day, is not fit for a statesman. Gentle-
men may scoff at this. When Noah built the
ark there were a great many scoffers, but the
floods ^ame.
. Now, I am perfectly willing to pay whatever
is necessary for war purposes, though I am not
prepared to pay from the public Treasury of the
United States, money to benefit the business of
any particular class of our people, because it
violates a great rule. It is taking the money of
the whole to benefit a particular set. Commerce
can pay its own expenses. We already spend
twenty or thirty millions a year out of the com-
mon fund for the benefit of commerce. We have
given it more advantage than any other branch
of industry in our country. It seems to have
been a pet from the beginning. All our legisla-
tion benefits it. Now, they say it is very con-
venient to have messages in half an hour across
the Atlantic ocean — that it will facilitate trade.
These are general expressions by which the
public Treasury is to be filched —by which the
industry of the laboring man, who creates value,
is to be transferred to the pockets of those who
merely deal in values.
I say in the first place, if we are going to make
a bargain, let us make a good bargain, and pay
no more than our share. In the next place, as a
Government, we have no interest in this line;
and let those who have an interest in it pay for
it. As for its effect, in war, I repeat, it will be
of no advantage. I have no doubt the honor-
able gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Douklas] has
proposed a very excellent scheme for war, and I
see but one difficulty in it—that is as to whether
wc shall be able to seize these possessions as the
first step. We tried it twice, and it did not turn
out well. We tried it in the Revolution, and in
the last war with England, and we did not get
much more of Canada, in the whole, than enough
for honorable graves. We may, I hope, have
better luck next time, but it is not worth while
to think of that now. Of course I would take
that, but I would go further than my friend from
Illinois; 1 would take Ireland too, and England
to boot, as soon as I could got them. [Laugh'ter.]
There is the difficulty. I would take them all if
I were able. The ability to take it is tjie diffi-
culty with this broad extent of continent, which
reaches from Newfoundland to Paget Sound. I
presume there would be some difficulty in taking
and also in holding on to these possessions.
Mr. RUSK. I confess I am somewhat sur-
prised at the opposition to this measure. A short
time ago it was regarded as impracticable to lay
down a line of telegraph — it is not absolutely
certain yet that it will be successful—across the
ocean. At that time everybody supposed it would
be a matter of vast importance, politically, so-
cially, and commercially, to be able to transmit
in a few minutes the intelligence which we re-
ceive from Europe which now requires from ten
days to two weeks for its transmission. Some
experiments have been made m laying down a
telegraphic wire under the water, and itlias been
found to work well. Enterprising American citi-
zens started theidea for the purpose of shortening
the time for the reception of various kinds of in-
formation, political, social, and commercial, which
is transmitted between this country and Europe.
They made an experiment which convinced them
that it was practicable to lay down a wire across
the ocean. They got together and raised the
money that has been spent, and have gone on
and astonished the public mind with the rapidity
of their movements. These American citizens
went and applied to the British Government for
aid m this business. The British Government
came forward at once and extended aid.
Now, sir, the aid which is asked from the
Government of the United States will place us
precisely on an equal footing with England in
this enterprise, which I regard as the great en-
terprise of the age. This is not the oi.ly sub-
marine telegraph that is going to bo located. It
would be difficult for.us now to tell wh-.j-e they
will not be put. The British G-9veromt.*{ made
