398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
this proposition, and our own citizens come back
and ask us to take an equal share in the experi-
ment, and in the benefits and profits, if we make
•it a matter of dollars and cents. We first adopt
an amendment that supposes the British Govern-
ment will seek to make an assault on our Treas-
ury by enlarging the terms of the contract; and
in the next place supposes that the President of
the United States will become their aid in making
an assault on the Treasury of the United States.
The bill is assailed because this telegraph will
be a powerful engine in time of war. I cannot
see that. I confess it has not occurred to me as
being a matter of very great moment. I think it
is a precarious matter. I imagine a telegraphic
cable which could be reached anywhere in a dis-
tance of several thousand miles by a little Yan-
kee cutter, and cut in two in an hour, would be
a very unsafe thing for England to rely upon for
defense in time of war, and it would be certainly
rather a harmless means of warfare.
The Senator from Georgia says, that the Gov-
ernment has no interest in it. If we have no
intercourse with foreign nations; if it is not a
matter of importance for us to know anything of
the political affairs of foreign countries, then we
have no interest as a Government in it. If it is
not important for us, we have been pursuing a
foolish course, for we are spending a great' sum
of money in sustaining a large diplomatic corps
at different places to obtain political information
for the use of our Government.
Then he says, it is of 110 service except to the
commercial community. I confess, I have not
thought much on that view of the subject, for I
took it for granted that there would be no sort of
difficulty in this appropriation; I did not think
an]/ objection would be raised to it. The advan-
tages of this work will be mutual, and they must
-bo mutual, between the United States and Great
Britain. It is impossible for one nation at this
age to get a great advantage over another in
mpans of communication, because, when a com-
munication is made, it will be open to the intelli-
gence and enterprise and capital of all. If I were
inquiring into the advantages to result from this
measure, I should be at a loss to find any branch
of industry that would not bet benefited by it. I
should be at a loss to find any portion of the
communiry that would not more or less feel the
benefit of a communication between this country
and Europe which would occupy but a few mo-
m'."iU. If I were to select any particular section
of the country that would be more benefited than
another, I would select the very section from
winch the honorable Senator from Georgia and
myself come. We have very large commercial
int. rci utse with the European Powers, especially
with England. It is the general impression (and
I think very well founded) of practical and expe-
rienced men, tiiat rapid transportation of intelli-
gence in commercial matters is of very great
importance. It is a saving of labor and a saving
of capital. If you can transmit intelligence rap-
idly, it puts all the advantages of a new state of"
the market at the disposition of all those whom
it can reach. What enters more largely than any
other thing into our commerce with the*world?
Cotton. The section of country from which the
honorable Senator and myself come, exports
upwards of $100,000,000 worth of cotton every
year, and I do not know of any article of com-
merce or production m regard to which rapid
intelligence from the place of its consumption and
the market where it is sold, is greater importance
than to the cotton grower.
ff the amendment offered by the Senator from
Ohio bp adopted, it will be the defeat of the bill.
I n the first place, it will show that you look on
the IJmish Government and the aid which they
have extended towards this line with jealousy,
undn- th<^ idea that they have some advantage of
the United States. It will stop the operation of
laying the wire. This company, I understand
from good authority, expect to have the line down
during the next summer. If the bill be amended
so as to require negotiation to take place—and I
agree with the Senator from Georgia, that if ne-
go-hition did take place, and we secured the neu-
trality sought hy tlie amendment, it would amount
to Jimh]-i;r at all — then you give the monopoly
<>! this whole matter to the British Government,
or st< p the work. If itis practicable to lay down
the Imo, and the partita nave everything ready
i and expect to have it down by the middle of
f next summer, they are not going to wait until a
I treaty shall be made in England and come back
| here and be ratified. They will either abandon
I the project altogether, or go on with it without
! the aid of this Government, and then it will be
; a monopoly in the hands of the British Govern-
j ment, and it will be a matter of grace for us to
i get any communication' at all, because they will
have the preference over everybody and every-
thing. They propose now to share equally with
us its benefits. Why shall we refuse to do so?
Under these circumstances I think the adoption of
the amendment will operate as a defeat of the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. If it be true that it is inev-
itable that in time of war the British Government
must possess the entire use of this telegraph, and
that there are no means by which we can secure
equally its advantages, then for one I am unwill-
ing to vote the money of the United States to
build up so powerful a means of offense for the
use of that Government; that is to say, to build
up a line which will give them such advantages
over us in time of war. Nor do I think it is fair
that we should be called upon to contribute for
that purpose. I am unwilling to trust, in such
an event, to the security which is offered by the
dreams of universal f)eace which the Senator from
New York suggests. I am unwilling, in such an
event, to trust to the contingencies of which my
friend from Illinois speaks. It might be that we
should take ultimately possession of this end of
the wire; but the task of taking possession of
that country would be made with more difficulty,
by reason of the superior advantages which we
had placed in the hands of the British Govern-
ment in time of war.
Nor do I think the security offered by the Sen-
ator from Texas is sufficient. I do not believe
that any Yankee schoonercould go and draw up
this telegraphic line miles down at the bottom of
the sea. It would be a difficult task for any ship
to do. If that cable were to part, and be lost
there, it would be difficult ever to recover it; and
that is one of the very contingencies in regard to
the expense which we should have to meet, and
in which we might have been embarked if some
limitation had not been put on the bill, as was
very properly proposed by the Senator from New
York. In placing that limitation on the bill, I
think I was neither, manifesting distrust of the
British' Government nor of the President of the
United States. Why, sir, if we are not to limit
the appropiiation, under the idea that to do so is
expressing distrust of the President, we ought to
have no specific appropriations at all, but vote
money in the mass for the service of the various
branches of the Government. I do not think it
is manifesting any unreasonable distrust of the
British Government. In matters of business we
ought to act like men of business, and take all
i the securities and guarantees which are usual m
i such transactions.
I say, then, if those gentlemen are right, I am
j unwilling to contribute the money of the United
! States to build up a line which is to place such
' superior advantages in the hands of the British
: Government in time of war. Nor, as was well
| observed by the Senator from Georgia, do I see
j how we can well justify the appropriation of this
■ money if it is to be no use to us in time of war.
ii It is principally on that ground that I can see any
' justification for the appropriation.
: But, sir, I do not believe'it would be imprac-
i ticable. I think it would be impracticable here
; all of a sudden to arrange the details by which
, it could be secured; but I do not believe it would
( be impracticable to secure by some treaty the
| neutralization of this line, or at least its U3cs in
j common to both parties. The policy of neutral-
: izing the great routes of commerce has been con-
i sidered one of the improvements in the diplomacy
; of the present age. We know that the nations
i and Governments of the earth are engaged m
j this work now. There is an earnest effort being
, made by European nations to neutralize the route
■ of commerce across Egypt. The United States
; and Great Britain have already attempted it
i across Central America. It is a policy, I think,
| which in the progress of improvement, and of
, that peace of which the gentleman from New
; York speaks, will increase instead of being
| diminished. If it be practicable to neutralize
; and throw securities around these routes of com-
merce which will enable iations to use them
freely in time of war, I do not see why it might
not be possible to do the same thing in regard to
these telegraphic communications, if they are
to be as gentlemen seem to anticipate—world-
wide in their extension and in their uses—some-
thing of this sort must be adopted in order to
make it safe for all the nations of the earth to
contribute their share to them.
I believe then, s-ir, that it might be practicable
to throw around it some such safeguard as the
Senator from Ohio has suggested. His amend-
ment was drawn hastily. There has not been
time to digest the details; time ought to be given
for it. I believe the idea is a valuable one, or at
least, if the purpose which he seeks cannot be
accomplished, we certainly ought not to vote for
the bill; because to do so would be to throw these
advantages in the hands of the British Govern-
ment.
A word now in regard to the expediency of
embarking the funds of the United States in the
enterprise at all. I am willing, if any company
establishes it—and if it can be done at a reasonable
cost, I have no doubt some private^company will
establish it—that the Government of the United
States, like any other customer, should pay for
the use of it, pay liberally—pay largely, if you
choose to say so; but I do not think it is politic
or wise to embaik the funds of the United States
in a common enterprise with a private company,
for an undertaking of this character. I believe
these things will be best done when they are left
to individual enterprise; and it will bo found that
the safest and best way in which Governments
can interfere will be merely to pay as any other
customer—a little more liberally* a little more
largely, if you choose; but let us not identify our
interests and our fortunes with a company of this
character.
For myself, I am far from thinking that the
expenditure will be limited by what is proposed
even in this bill. I like these amendments, be-
cause they, at least, enable us to pause after so
much has been expended, if we choose. Sup-
pose this cable were to part m putting it down—
a contingency by no means impossible or im-
probable—and we have to resort to the expense
of making other cables, and we have to resort to
all those experiments which may be necessary
in order to obtain some efficient line of commu-
nication, it might cost a million of dollars. I do
not believe any man knows what it would cost.
It is a mere experiment, and, therefore, to that
extent, the amendmefR offered by the Senator
from New York is, in my opinion, very valuable;
but, for one, I am unwilling to vote for the bill
in this shape, and certainly unwilling to vote for
it unless something like the safeguard which the
Senator from Ohio proposes can be thrown
around it. ,
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, I wish to say
a few words only, at this time, in regard to this
bill. I hope the question will not be taken upon
it to-day. I think it needs another provision
which is altogether more important than the one
under consideration — I mean a provision by
which the citizens of the United States shall be
placed, in regard to this communication, upon a
footing of perfect equality with British subjects.
There is nothing of that kind in the bill. I think
the present occasion is a fit one to make that
provision. What would be the condition of the
people of the United States if this telegraph com-
munication were entirely in the hands of the
British Government, or of British subjects, with
information ten days in advance of that which
maybe possessed by any citizen of this country?
We should be in the hands of speculators; the
whole cotton crop of the country might be pur-
chased up in advance of intelligence that could
arrive by any other mode of communication.
There is no provision against that in this bill.
I hope the bill will not pass until we, at least,
have that security which the amount to be ex-
pended under its provisions justifies, for the equal
enjoyment of the advantages of communication
by the citizens of this country.
With regard to the advantage in time of war,
it does not strike me as being of any great im-
portance. There may be important communica-
tions to be made in time of war*. I cannot very
well conceive of any that would be of any imme-
diate and pressing importance; yet such occasions
