400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21.
Pamlico, by means.of Core Sound, and also with the rich
countrv ofCuslow by the way uf Bogue Sound, the navi-
gation 'of which eould be improved without very great ex-
penditures of means: naval stores in abundance could be
shipped here; eoal and copper obtained by railroad from
Chatham county, live-oak from Cuslow, and white-oak
and other timber from the adjacent country. It is certain
that encouragement and increased facilities would very
soon make this an important southern port. The salubrity
of the place is such as to render it a rendezvous during
the summer month'!."
It seems to me, with all due deference to the
opinions of others, that this matter ought to be
investigated more carefully, as I understand that
the appropriation of $200,000 proposed here, is
but the commencement of appropriations neces-
sary to establish a naval depot. If I understand
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, he spoke of what was necessary
as being several millions of dollars. If we have
these advantages at this particular locality, which
are matters of considerable importance, they
ought to be investigated and examined into before
we determine upon any location for a naval depot.
Although it has been suggested, thatthe distance
from Norfolk is too short, yet if gentlemen will
examine the map they will see that the position
of Beaufort, North Carolina, is in the line of
vessels after they double the capes of Florida in
going to the north. But if, after examination, it
is ascertained by those who are competent to de-
termine the question, that this is not the best
location, I am prepared to yield and vote for some
location between these points,for I think it 13 in-
dispensable that we should have a naval depot
somewhere between the Chesapeake bay and Pen-
sacoia.
Mr. EVANS. I desire to say something, but
very little, on this subject.
Mr. BUTLER. My colleague will allow me
to make an explanation. I wish the reporters to
put it correctly in to-morrow's papers, and I have
110 doubt they took me as I spoke. I am repre-
sented as guilty of the geographical extravagance
of saying that the Savannah river rose in the
Roeky Mountains. 1 wish it put " the Blue
Ridge."
Mr. EVANS. I have no doubt myself, and it
seems to me to be the general opinion, that there
is a necessity and propriety in having a naval
depot somewhere upon the southern coast; and
I am ready to vote for the establishment of it at
any place that shall turn out, upon examination,
to be the most eligible. We should be cautious
in acting on this subject, lest we do mischief.
Yesterday the case of the naval construction
depot, or whatever it was, at Memphis, was re-
marked upon. True, we spent some seven or '
eight hundred thousand dollars, and then finding i
the work wholly unproductive, and the location i
wholly unfit for the purpose, we agreed to give [
it to the city of Memphis. The city did not wish ;
to take it even as a present, and came here the 1
next year and asked Congress to receive it back 1
again, although it had been given to them and j
they had paid nothing for it. I mention this fact \
only to show that we should not act without full j
information.
Now, sir, have we the information which will ;
enable us to act sensibly and discreetly on this i
matter? About twenty years ago a survey was '
made of all the southern ports, and those who 1
made it came to the conclusion that Brunswick i
was the most eligible situation, because it had '
eighteen feet of water, while Port Royal had only
seventeen feet. I hold in my hand a letter from j
-JLieutenaut Maffitt, m which he says, in regard ,
to Fort Royal entrance: j
11 Tlmmgn the southeast 01 coast-survey channel there 1
a depth "I'tv* enty teet at mean low water, v. itli an aver-
<12'-' ^ ktih of three touilhs ot'a mile ' 1
Until very recently, the existence of this chan- '
jjel wrs not knosvn. At the time the former sur- -
vey warf made, other channels were known, which
those commissioners represented as having but
seventeen feet e,f watt r, while those who'have
made the coast survey now say there are nine-
teen feet of water 011 both the others, and twenty ;
feet in the southeastern channel. :
1 mention these facts to show that we are not
now in the full possession of information. I have
befnre me another letter speaking of Port Royal,
i.i winch it is said: j
Tie' i-i.inineieiul ite ihties of tiiH bather are unrivaled, [
a>ul tjicir elupj!,. ;ir wiii be fufly established by the {frog- ;
ress of the eoa^t survey.}
According to the developments now before the
Senate, Port Royal has from two to three feet
greater depth of water than Brunswick. If that
be the fact, the depot ought to be there, because
it is manifest from the map that, as soon as you
get over tho entrance at Port Royal, there are
from twenty-five to twenty-six, and in some
places thirty-three feet of water; and that not in
one place merely, but in a dozen places. If gen-
tlemen will take the trouble to look at the map
before me, here is the entrance, (pointing it out.)
When you get up into Broad river there are
twenty-eight, twenty-five, thirty-three, forty-
two, and even thirty-six feet quite up to as safe
a place at which to construct this naval depot as
can exist anywhere. Here at a lower point is
Hilton Head, up to which, from the entrance,
there are at least thirty feet. It is very manifest,
therefore, that according to the information be-
fore the Senate, if we erpct this naval depot at
Brunswick, we shall erect it where, according to
present information, the advantages are much
less than at Port Royal. That is another con-
sideration, and it is manifest that Port Royal has
the superiority in this respect.
Now, has Brunswick a superiority over Port
Royal in anything? As I understand, the coun-
try immediately in the rear of Brunswick is a
barren, sandy country; in the rear of Port Royal h
is one of the wealthiest and richest parts in the I1
State of South Carolina. According to the census, !i
more rice and potatoes are raised 111 the Beaufort :
district than in any other district of South Caro- r
lina; and a very large portion of sea-island cotton '
is raised 111 the immediate vicinity of Port Royal
river. As to the facilities of supplying it with ;i
the necessary provisions, Port Royal has the '
decided advantage over Brunswick. !
Next, in relation to the facilities of getting •
timber, on which Senators have laid a great deal j
of stress: everybody who knows anything of the ;
locality of that country, knows that from Charles- j
ton to St. Mary's, and even to Florida, the whole j
coast is lined with a succession of islands, and j
that by far the larger portion of timber which !
grows on these islands is live oak; and wherever 1
the lands have not been cleared and reduced to :
cultivation, the whole forest is live oak. I will •
not undertake to say that that may not be the
case with islands off tl|£ coast of Georgia, near
Brunswick. I think it likely that it is" so; but 1
among the advantages which have been enumer- j
tiled is this: that at Brunswick you are conve-
ei'.Ttt to the public forests in East Florida! I
believe I may say, and it will hardly be disputed j
by the Senators from Georgia, that the public
forest is something like the public purse—it is J
considered fair plunder for everybody; and al- j
though the United States had a great deal of !
timber there at one time, I doubt very much j
whether they could get enough convenient to any ;
place of transportation to build a single " seventy- j
four;" while upon the private lands 011 the islands J;
the timber has been left untouched. 1
Then, as far as timber conveniences are con- ']
cerned, there is no question that Port Royal is at j
least equal to Brunswick. The.back country '1
beyond Brunswick is, no doubt, finely timbered ;j
with pine; but the region which is accessible to 'j
Port Royal is as well timbered (though more of :j
it may be cut down now in the immediate vicin- 1
ity) as any other region. If any gentleman who :j
desires the information will trouble himself to il
look for it, he will find that into the inland com- !|
munication which lies between the islands and !
the main land, the Edisto river enters, two hue-v
dred miles long, extending far into the country, ;]
into the finest pine forests in the world—or at'!
least there are none better—with streams running :|
into it at right angles in all directions; and afi i
these streams navigable from their heads into the 'i
river. I have no hesitation in saying that in the !
country which is accessible to Port Royal, not 1
by railroad, but by water navigation, there is !
more timber now than will he used by the United j
States Navy for one hundred years to come.
Brunswick has 110 advantage 111 that respect.
As to salubuty of climate, [ suspect theie is 1
very little difference. I know that one of the
places wim-h I have mentioned, Hilton Head,
where an eld friend of mine lives, is a region re- ,!
sorted to for health. There is another ill the ''
same vicinity, called Bluifton, resorted to for
health. I have never been exactly in that region
of country, but I have met these people at their
court-house, and there is not a finer looking pop-
ulation, or a more intelligent one, 011 the face of
the earth, that I have ever seen than they are. I
take it for granted, therefore, that it is a healthy
region, though I do not pretend to say it is more
healthy than the country about Brunswick, be-
cause I have no information which would lead me
to any such conclusion.
Then, Mr. President, in all the essentials which
should be taken into consideration in mukin°-
this selection, Port Royal is equal to Brunswick
except in one, and in that she is superior. She
has three feet greater depth of water. It seems
to mc, if we are to make a selection now, it should
not be Brunswick, or the little island there, which
I suppose is owned by a company of speculators;
for I understand Brunswick.is a sort of joint
stock concern—not that the members of Congress
have anything to do with it, but there are persons
about here who have.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is true, I believe; but
Port Royal was never worth owning by any-
body.
Mr. EYANS. It is owned by the richest
people in the southern country.
Mr. TOOMBS. I believe it is true that Bruns-
wick has been a speculation as to the roads and
improvements there; but my colleague, who has
more information on the point than myself, has
stated that Blythe Island is owned by fifteen or
sixteen people. I believe the location where the
gentleman from South Carolina would have us
go, has never attracted a speculator—not even a
congressional speculator—totake stock. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BUTLER. For a very good reason—a
dishonest speculator would have no chance among
those gentlemen. Why, sir, they are gentlemen
of landed interest by hereditary possession; and
have been there, they and their ancestors, from
the settlement of the country, owning lands and
negroes.
Mr. EVANS. I desire to add only a word to
what I have already said. The island upon whicl?
it is proposed to erect this naval depot in the
neighborhood of Brunswick, is owned by some
ten or fifteen persons. It is wholly valueless
for any other purpose. This bill appropriates
is200,000 to buy the site and construct this depot.
We all know that this is but an entering wedge,
and instead of $200,000 it is to cost most likely
§1,000,000. That ofl'air at Memphis, I think,
cost $800,000. Gentlemen tell me that an appro-
priation of $50,000 was made to build a custom-
house at Boston, and it has cost §1,000,000. The
same thing pretty much has been done in Charles-
ton.
Mr. HALE. The inclination of my mind is
to vote for this bill; but I wish to throw out one
or two considerations for its friends. In the first
place, if this be part of a system recommended
by the Secretary of the Navy, for increasing the
Navy, I am opposed to it. I think our naval
expenses are quite enough, being*§14,000,000 a
year; and I have no doubt that two or three of
our navy-yards ought to be abandoned. There
is as much propriety in having a navy-yard at
Chicago or Milwaukie, or any other town m the
interior of the country that you can name, as at
the city of Washington. That ought to be aban-
doned without doubt, whether this be established
or not. Then as to the navy-yard at Philadel-
phia, you might just as well have one at the
White Mountains. It takes a season to get a
ship up there with steam tugs. This ought to be
abandoned; but I am pretty much of the opinion
that we shall never abandon any of them. I
believe we did abandon the Memphis yard. But
I am not disposed to make that a part of the con-
dition 011 -which I shall vote for this bill. I hope,
however, to see the navy-yards at Washington
and Philadelphia abandoned, though I have very
little confidence that it will be done.
There is one consideration which I think the
friends of the bill should look to. I am not will-
ing to throw myself, without any restriction, into
the hands of those who own this land quite so
broadly and unguardedly as this bill does, for it
authorizes the Secretary of the Navy to buy the
site without specifying how little or how much
he shall pay, and appropriates §200,000 to do it.
Is there any security that the whole £'200,000 will
not be paid for the site? There is no question
