1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
40%
ence to this point yesterday, but I find thatit is a
foregone conclusion with some, that commercial
considerations are to take the subject out of the
jurisdiction of Congress, who constitutionally
have jurisdiction over it only as a naval affair.
I am free to confess I do not choose that South
Carolina shall come here as an humble -suitor
and ask favors. I do not think she comes here
to ask anything of the sort. If Port Royal is
not entitled to this depot> on the ground that it
can accommodate the naval demands of the
country, do not let her have it. I do not care
about it on account of its going to South Caro-
lina; but when I indicate the best port, and am
willing to make the trial to-morrow, by any ship
you may choosc to send to the two ports, gen-
tlemen decline it, and say this matter has been
investigated twenty years ago, and that recon-
noissance of twenty years ago is to be substituted
for the demonstrations of yesterday. The de-
monstrations of yesterday refute what they said.
My enthusiasm is not likely to overleap what is
not to be contradicted. I thank my friend from
Tennessee for saying he has taken so much in-
terest in Charleston. As a commercial measure,
I cannot vote for any measure to regulate com-
merce by cleaning out the harbor, and he knows
it; but he says 1 ought to have taken the hint
twenty years ago. I cannot remember twenty-
years back. [Laughter.] It takes all the read-
ing I can do to come up with the gentleman's
services to South Carolina. I thank him, how-
ever, for his twenty years' services.
Mr. STUART. There is a necessity for an
executive session; and as other gentlemen wish to
speak on this subject, and can do so to-morrow,
I move an executive session.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let us vote, I do not know
who else wants to speak.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Florida,
[Mr. Yulke.]
Mr. IVERSON. I trust my friend from Mich-
igan will withdraw his motion. The Senate is
aware that the condition of my health has been
very bad for the last few days. It is now only
three o'clock, and we ought at least to sit till four
or half past four o'clock, at this stage of the ses-
sion. I do not know anybody that desires to
speak on this bill, except the Senator from Flor-
ida, [Mr. Yulee,] and I trust he will not occupy
more than thirty minutes. I think we may at
least take the question to-day on the recommittal
of the bill; after that, I shall bo willing to stay
here and go into executive session.
Mr. STUART. I have no disposition to inter-
fere with this bill. On the contrary, I am very-
anxious to facilitate ita disposition as much as I
can. If I supposed tnere was a probability of
disposing of it to-day, I should not submit this
motion. But I have made considerable inquiry
among Senators, and have come to the conclusion
that it cannot be done. Inasmuch as it must go
over until to-morrow, I think we had better have
an executive session now.
Mr. IVERSON. There is a spccial order for
half past twelve o'clock, to-morrow—a bill on a
very interesting subject.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will suggest to my friend
from Michigan that we have also, as a special
order for to-morrow, a bill from the Committee
on Commerce for the improvement of the western
rivers, the consideration of which is fixed for one
o'clock. If we can get through the subject now
under discussion, I see no difficulty in going on
with that. If no one wishes to speak on this bill
but the Senator from Florida we can listen to him,
which I shall do with £reatpleasure; and we are,
no doubt, prepared to vote on the proposition for
recommittal.
Mr. STUART. If the Senate will allow us
to have an executive session at any time to-day,
I will stay here as late as any gentleman; and if
the Senate choose to proceed with this business
now, I shall not make any motion to interfere
with it. Inasmuch, however, as we cannot dis-
pose of it to-day, and this bill has precedence of
all other special orders, I will submit the question
to the Senate, and they can decide it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands that there must be a previous motion
to dispose of the pending bill.
Mr. STUART. That has not been customary
in regard to motions for executive sessions. For
any legislative business it is, but for executive
business it is not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will entertain the motioft to proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish to notify the Senator
from Louisiana that there is an older special order
than the one to which he has referred, and it is
the first special order on the Calendar. I have
been trying for the four last years to get it con-
sidered; It is a bill in reference to the regulation
of the Departments, out of which there is no
capital to be made by any one; and there is no
local interest, nothing but the public interest in-
volved in it. I have been trying for four years
to obtain a vote on it. It is the oldest spccial
order, and I shall ask a vote of the Senate whether
they will consider it or not before any other spe-
cial order is taken up.
Mr. IVERSON. I am informed by the Sena-
tor from Florida that he will occupy buttt very
short time, and is willing to go on now.
Mr. YULEE. I rise for the purpose of stating
to the Senate thatit need not take the course pro-
posed on my account. I desire to say a few
words in reply to the Senators from Georgia. 1
shall have very lit tie to say, so far as I am con-
cerned, if the action of the Senate depends on
that, though what 1 have to say may load to fur-
ther discussion.
Mr. STUART. If it is expected that the Sen-
ator's speech will close the discussion, and that
then we can take the vote, 1 will withdraw the
motion.
Mr. BUTLER. I give notice that I shall offer
an amendment to tins bill, if the Senate refuse to
recommit it.
Mr. URODIIEAD. Then I move that we go
into executive session. It is now a quarter past
three o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 19, noes 16.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration of executive business; and after some
time spent therein, the doors were reopened, and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 21, 1857.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain of the Senate, Rev. Stephen P.
Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the reception of reports from com-
mittees relative to territorial business, that being
the spccial order for this day.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickjns, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had postponed, until the first
Monday in December next, an act (I-j. R. No,
154) to provide for the settlement of the claims
of the officers of the revolutionary army, and of
the widows and orphan children of those who
died in the servicc.
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT.
Two messages in writing wore received from
the President of the United States, by Mr.
Webster, bis Private Secretary.
PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. ORR. I rise to a question affecting the
privileges of the House.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. My
point of order is, that a question of privilege
cannot override the special order of the House,
as the House is acting under a suspension of the
rules of the I-Jouse. If the Chair decide that it
is in order, and overrides the special order of the
House, and this day be taken up by the question
of privilege, I ask the House to set aside another
day for the consideration of territorial business.
Mr. ORR. I hope the request will be granted.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to setting aside
another day now for the consideration of territo-
rial business, for I presume that this question of
privilege will not take up the whole day,
Mr. ORR. With a view of relieving the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, I will give it as my
opinion, that th,e,nifttteVwbi«hI_propp§e to bring."
to the attention of .the House'wiU not belikely._
to occupy the day. I would not undertake to^-
say that it will not. I do not thinkfifc ought: to*
occupy any considerable portion of the day. - -;
1 am instructed by the. select committee ap-;
pointed to investigate certain charges of corrup-
tion, &c., on the refusal of James W. Simontofcr
to give evidence before that committee, to submit *
a report, a resolution, and also a bill; and,I shall
ask the immediate consideration of tho matter.
I report first the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The House has ordered a
select committee to investigate certain charges
which alFect, certainly, not only the question be-
fore the House this day, but any question before •
the House on any day; and that committee;
xeports to the House that obstacles are thrown
in the way of that investigation. 'The Chair
thinks that the question of privilege overrides the
special order.
The report was then read, and is as follows:
The select committee appointed to investigate chargcs
that members of the House had entered into corrupt com-
binations for the purpose of passing and of preventing the
passage of certain measures during the present Coftgress,
respectfully submit the following spccial report;
That during the progress of their investigation they have
summoned, as a witness, J. W. Simonton, the correspond- ,
cut of the New York Tunes. That, among others, the.
following question was propounded to him: "You state
that certain members have approached you, and have de~,
sired to know if they could not through you procure money-
for their votes upon certain bills; will you state who these
member were?" And the said Simonton made thereto
the following icsponse : <41 cannot without a violation of
eonihlenee, ihan which 1 would rathei suffer anything."
In iespon>e to othei questions of similar impoit, he said:
uTwo have made them dnoct, others have indicated to
me a de-die to talk with mo upon these subjects, and I
have warded it oil, not giving them an opportunity to make
an explicit pioposilton." To the question,4t What do I
undei^tand vnu to mean when jou say these communica-
tions were made directSimonton replied,'' 1 mean that,
aftei having obtained my piomi e of scciecy in regard to
them, Ihey have said to me that certain measures pending
hefoie Congress ought to pay; that the parties interested"
in them had the means to pay; that they individually
needed money, and desired me specifically to arrange the
matter m such way, that if the measures passed they
should receive pecuniary compensation."
The committee weic impressed with the materiality of
the testimony withheld by the witness, as it embraced the
letter and spirit of the inquiry directed by the House to be
made, hut were anvious to avoid any cenuoversy with the
witness. They consequently waived the interrogatory that
day, to give the witness time for reflection on the conse-
quences of his refusal, and to afford him an opportunity to
look into the law and the practice of the House in such
cases, notifying him that he would, on some subsequent
day, be recalled. This was the 15th of January instant.
On Tuesday, the 20th instant, the said J. W. .Simonton was
recalled, and the identical question firat referred to was
aaam propounded, alter due notice to him that if he de-*
dined the committee would feel constrained to report bis
declination to the House, and ask that body to enforce all
itf powers in the premises to compel a full aud complete
response. To that interrogatory he made the following
lepl.v, and we give it in full, that no injustice may be done
to Simonton m tins ieport. He said :
" Before stating the determination to which I liave come
on this subject, I desire to s.iy that I do not lieie dispute
the power of the committee, and i have not heretofore de-
clined to answer that queslion upon any such ground. I
have all respect for the committee and the House. 1 do not
decline hi otder to fcreen the members.; my decimation
haM'd upon my own conviction of duty. Since I was
la-i belore the committee, in deference to their judgment
and W!5-he> f have examined the case of Andetson vs, Dunn*
to which they lefeirod me, and have oon<adcred very fully
what 1 ought to do in view of that decision as well as in
view of otiier considerations. The result ol my deliberation,
upon the subject lias been to confirm me in the opinion,
that whatever penalty I may suffer I cannot answer that,
question. I beg the committee to understand that I have
no other motive whatever in declining but the simple one
that [ have mated befoie: that I do not see how I can an-
swer it without a dishonorable breach of confidcnce. The
answer to the question can by no possibility be supposed to
teficct diseiedit on myself, and I presume that my .state-'
ment of that motive is corroborated by the facts as they ap-
pear belore the committee. I must insist upon decliningto
answei that question."
The House will perceive that the foregoing statement
fhows- the materiality of the testimony and the duty of the
committee to insist upon its disclosure. It shoWe the set-
tled and deliberate purpose of the witness to withhold sueh-
testimony rightfully and propeily demanded, and the abso-
lute necessity for tiie House to interpose with promptitude
and firmness its authority, if it intended to expose ana pun-
ish conniption winch may exist among its members, by or-
dering the investigation your committee have been pursu-
ing. 111* due to the dignity and reputation of the American
Congress to puige itself of such unworthy members if thev
have thus shamelessly prostituted their high and honored
positions to such base purposes. The country iias the right
to know who have betrayed the trusts confided to themhy
then- constituents. The honest men of the House should
aid, by the exercise of all the powers with which they are
vested, to secure the names of the supposed gvdty parties,
and thereby shield the general reputation ot the body as
well as their own characters from unjust ami improper im-
putation and suspicion.
