4(M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
tarnish for. any contempt committed against the
authority of the body of which you are members,
expires unquestionablywhen the commission of
the members constituting that body expires. Of
that there can be no doubt. A question Might be
raised on that point in the Senate of the United
States,- where a majority of the Senators holdover
four years from the particular time when a matter
of this sort should transpire. But in this House,
rwhere the commissions expire, there is no doubt
on that question. I believe that no one has ever
held that the House has authority to go beyond
the limitation of the term for which the members
are elected in punishing witnesses for contempt
•of the authority of the House. Is that punish-
ment adequate ? What would be the term of the
- imprisonment? .Take the case we have had be-
; fore the House, and the imprisonment under its
order could not be more than five weeks. I do
not know who are the parties whom this witness
can implicate. I do not know whether he deals
justly and truly by them or not. I do not know
whether he is entitled to credit or not. I do not
know, but what the parties supposed to be impli
cated by this witness may be able to relieve them
selves from all suspicion. But suppose they are
not—suppose they are involved to the extent of
hundreds and thousands of dollars: how much,
then, might they afford to pay to a defaulting or
recusant witness, in consideration that he would
undergo this punishment ?
The necessity of it is illustrated by another
case which I may suppose. Suppose that two
-days before the adjournment of this Congress
there is a gross attempt on the privileges of the
House by corrupt means of any description: then
the power of this House to punish extends only
to those two days. Is that an adequate punish-
ment? Ought we not, then, to pass at once a law
which will make the authority of the House
respected; and, in addition to that, after this bill
has passed, this House will turn these matters
over to the courts—tribunals which have the
time, education, and facilities, for investigating
\ such charges? This House cannot undertake to
constitute itself a court to determine all these
things, because it would consume too much of
its time. Our entire session might be exhausted
by them, if there were a series of contempts.
Some have suggested to me that this law is ex
post facto in its operations. It is no such thing.
The bill provides that no persons called before
that committee to testify before them shall be
subjected to criminal prosecution for any offense
they may have committed, and for which their
testimony would furnish the basis of an indict-
ment. I am free to confess, that as a member of
any committee, I should act as if i were a judge;
ana, unless there was some legislation like that
proposed, I should not insist on an answer from
a witness who, in answer to an interrogatory,
said he could not answer w ltliout giving evidence
which would subject him to indictment and pros-
ecution. If, however, v,-c do insist on a change
of that general rule of evidence, we should in
some way relieve the witnesses from the penalties
which might otherwise he imposed on them. The
law extends not only to such persons as may be
examined hereafter, but to such persons as have
already been examined by the select committee,
so as to put all whom the committee may bring
before them 011 terms of equality. Can there be
objection to this? Is there any good reason why
it should not be so? But gentlemen say it is ex
post facto in its operation. It is 110 such thing.
If the law is passed, the witness, concerning
whom a resolution was adopted this morning,
could not be proceeded agoinst under it for what
has transpired. If the committee deem it their
duty to force this witness to give testimony on
this particular point, and he should refuse to do
so, then there would be an original proceeding,
and the committee would commence denovo wifh
him. It would not be ex post facto in his case; it
would not be punishing him for an offense which
did not exist at the time it was alleged to have
been committed.
Now look at the ground on which this witness
stands. He says that he received the communi-
cation in confidence. There can be no confidence
that is in contravention and violation of the su-
preme law of the land. None whatever; and if
a man feels that there is so much of personal
degradation that he cannot viohile confuleiico
even to protect the supremacy of the law, let the
consequences of that sublimated virtue which he
may be supposed to possess be visited, and vis-
ited properly and severely, upon him. I un-
dertake to say that if the bill reported by the
committee be passed by this House, you will
.have no further trouble, in this or in the other
House, in securing the attendance of witnesses
to prove these charges, if proof exist. .The
House ought to lend every aid in its power to
any committee to ferret out, and smoke out, any
such corruptions as are charged. This especially
ought to be (he case with the charge made by the
correspondent of the New York Times. His
statement is, that two members of this House
made direct propositions to him to secure money
for their votes to pass certain bills pending be-
fore Congress. He makes the charge explicitly
and distinctly. He declines, however, to give
testimony on that point before the committee.
This is a strange sort of confidence. He says
confidence was reposed in him, and that he
cannot break the seal of that confidence. Yet
it was not confidential enough to keep him
from publishing all the facts to the world, in this
way casting suspicion on every man in this
House; when, according - to his own statement,
only two made propositions to him directly and
distinctly. I feel that I am not one of the men
he speaks of; and I suppose there are two hun-
dred and thirty-two members on this floor who
feel that they are not implicated by his statement.
Who, then, are the guilty ones? I have aright to
know, the House has a right to know; my con-
stituents have a right to know; the constituents
of every member here have a right to know.
I protest against my being suspected. I protest
against my associates being suspected. But when
I attempt to extract from the witness the names
of the parties implicated, he shelters himself by
declaring that the*communication to him was a
confidential one. I want power from this House
I to extract the facts from that witness. I want this
j House to authorize the select committee to com-
| pel the disclosure of such facts, and to see whether
I the confidence he alleges is so sacred in his esti-
| mation as to be kept even at the sacrifice of im-
I prisonmentin the penitentiary for twelve months.
; If this be done I undertake to say that there will
j be 110 more refusals to give testimony before com-
! mittees of this House.
I I believe I have stated all the provisions of the
! bill. It is* what the committee desire to be
: enacted into law. They feel that it is necessary.
I They do not feel that the Housp has not the
! authority—and they they do not wish any such
; inference to bo drawn—but they feel that the
authority is inadequate to secure testimony from
unwilling witnesses.
; As I have stated, I will not call for the previous
question. I have done my duty towards the
select committee in submitting the report which
has been read. The committee have done their
duty. The bill is before the House. It embiaces
; but two simple sections. They are brief, and
! easily to be understood. Gentlemen can readily
; make up their minds on them. To be effective,
1 the bill must be passed speedily. If it is to go
. through other committees, and then go 011 the
j Calendar—if it is to be subjected to all the delays
, which we know are incident to all bills referred
' to committees, then we shall not have the benefit
| of its provisions in the investigation now going
■ on by order of the House. Then a witness who
knows material facts will have the alternative
presented to him, whether it will not be better
! to undergo six weeks of imprisonment which
I the House call order, than make the disclosure
1 demanded. On the 4th of March the power of the
j House will end. We want additional power.
; Mr. STANTON. I intend to give my vote to
aid this committee in their investigations as far
, as I can do so consistently with my convictions
of what I owe to the public. Here is a bill un-
( questionably of very great importance, involving
: the exercise of very delicate powers by this
i House. Two amendments are proposed to it—
; one by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Ritchie,] and another suggested by the gentle-
i man fiorn Georgia, [Mr. Cobb.] 1 desire to read
I this bill, and to criticise its language, before I am
, required to vote yea or nay upon its passage. I
; do not understand that it is essential, after the
■ passage of the resolution which you have already
adopted, authorizing the proper officer to bring
the witness before the House, and subjecting him
to the process of contempt—I say I do not under-
stand that it is essential that this bill be passed
to-day or to-morrow; but, sir, it is essential—
and I agree with the gentleman from South Car-
olina in that—that this bill shall be kept within
the control of the committee and House, and that
it shall not be subject to take its place upon
the Calendar, and in committee to abide by the
rules of the House. I have the utmost confi-
dence in the committee which has reported the
bill.
Mr. RITCHIE. I desire to suggest to the
gentleman that he move that the bill be post-
poned until Friday morning.
Mr. STANTON. I was going to make a
suggestion which I think will answer as well. I
desire to have no revision, by any other com-
mittee, of the doings of this select committee. I
have as much confidence in it as I have in any of
the standing committees, or of any special com-
mittee which has ever been appointed by the
House. Inasmuch, therefore, as this is a select
committee upon the privileges of the House,
with power to report at any time, I will move
that this bill be recommitted to the select com-
mittee, together with the amendments, and that
the bill and amendments be printed. The com-
mittee can then return this bill with their action
upon the amendments at any time they think
proper. In the mean time, the bill being printed,
every gentleman will have an opportunity of
reading it and making up his own judgment upon
it. I submit the motion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, obtained the floor.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I ask the gentleman
from Maryland to yield me the floor for a
moment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I move that the bill
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and that that committee have power to report at
any- time. I have no idea of the Committee on
the Judiciary being overslaughed in this style.
The SPEAKER. The question will first be
put upon the motion to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and then upon the mo-
tion to refer it to the select committee.
Mr. LETCHER. The motion of the gentle>
man from Kentucky is not before the House, for
-he was not entitled to the floor. *
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I yielded the floor
that the gentleman might make that motion.
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman from Mary-
land yield me the floor for a moment, that I may
offer a resolution rendered necessary by the
a'osencc of the Sergeant-at-Arms?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Certainly.
Mr. ORR then offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed tq,t
Resolved, That in the absence of A. J. Glo^brenner,
Sergeant-at Arms, on business of the Hou^c, it ordeied
that W. G. Flood, elerk of the Sergeant-at-Arm<, bo au-
thorized and directed to execute the orders of the House,
directed to the Sergeant-at-Arms during the absence of tlie
said Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, it
is to me, of course, entirely immaterial to which
committee, if to any, this bill shall be referred.
The select committee regard themselves as nothing
more than the hand of the House, to make an in-
vestigation upon which the House itself will ulti-
mately pass. They have reported this bill,confer-
ring upon them no more power than they now
have, but simply referring to the courts of justice
of the country the enforcement of measures which
are necessary for the accomplishment of the pur-
poses for which they have been appointed. They
have no desire to prevent this House from the
most ample consideration of the bill; and having
reported it themselves unanimously, they of
course cannot anticipate that there will be any
reason why they should shirk any consideration
the House may be inclined .to give it. On the
contrary, they invite consideration; and they de-
sire to state as their judgmentthat they have now,
in the honest performance of the duties cast upon
them by the House—disagreeable and unpleasant,
and which gentlemen of the committee would most
cheerfully shun, did they feel that their sense of
duty would allow—in the discharge of their du-
ties they have come, under the law under which
they now act, the common law adopted by the
