1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■#,7
act of 1800, and made applicable to this District,
to a dead stand. And the question now before
the House is, whether they will, by the passage
of this law, or some other law having in view the
same object, remove the obstacle which arrests
the progress of the committee, or allow the inves-
tigation to fail?
We have had more than one witness before us
from whom we could extract nothing, bccause of
legal difficulties which we feel ourselves bound
to regard. A report has been made to this House
that one witness has come before the committee,
stating that propositions have been made directly
to him on the precise subject which we are di-
rected. to investigate, but that some perverse prin-
ciple of honor prevents him from making a dis-
closure, as if obedience to the law of the land,
the disclosure of every corrupt proposal, and
aiding in purifying the legislation of this House,
were not a duty in law and in morals higher than
any pledge given advisedly or unadvisedly.
We then find ourselves without power to pro-
ceed. We do not ask the House to confer any
power upon the committee at all. The commit-
tee is not named as the instrument which is to
apply any penalty, or as the judge which is to
decide any fact. The bill consists of two sec-
tions perfectly simple, and, in my judgment,
those which are necessary to the occasion, and
do not go beyond the occasion. The firs! only
malces a contumacious act a refusal to answer a
question truly or falsely—for a false answer is still
an answer, and subjects the party to the penal-
ties of perjury for his false answer—an act which
is to*he punished not by the committee, not by
the House, not by any revolutionary tribunal
created and acting without the formality of law,
but under a law previously passed by the Con-
gress of the United States, with all the guard*
of the Constitution, with all the protection of
existiiag law, with a jury sworn, a judi^e to ex-
* pound* the law, and a President to see to Us proper
execution. it is, therefore, no question relating
to a summary interposition, but it is merely a
question whether the rule of law laid down in
the section is right.
Do gentlemen tell mc that a year's confinement
in the penitentiary, and a fine of less than one
thousand dollars, is a punishment inside of the
enormity of the offense of a witness refusing to
answer a question which he already states he can
answer touching the purity, the honor, the dig-
nity—ay, sir, the honesty of this House, in refer-
ence to a charge which discredits every member
of this House, and which tends to break down
the moral authority of the law of the House?
Will they allow men m your lobby by your au-
thority to go about with their tongue thrust in
their cheek at the in^potonce of the investigation—
to go about the city and say that for twenty years
it lias been so that no man could get justice done
to him here except by bribery? Is it too much
exercise of authority to say that a man who knows
these facts shall spend his year m the peniten-
tiary, ond pay his fine, or else shall tell what he
knows? I say to gentlemen who think that this
is too severe a punishment, that it in the only pro-
cess by which we can purge the honor of the
House, and vindicate the honor of the people. I
have different notions from theirs with regard to
the aggravation of the offense. A man goes and
steals a horse, steals a dog, or steals a mere chattel
worth over five?dollars, and he is sent to the peni-
tentiary for five years by the law of this District,
as administered every clay; and we are to be told
that the prevention of an investigation of great
frauds and villainies which defame and degrade
the legislation of the country, which give to the
course of public affairs a different direction, which
make fraud and bribery toid secret influence the
reasons of our legislation, is not to be and cannot
be punished by us. 1 hold that the punishment
proposed by this bill is mild—is moderate. This
is a matter which touches the very dignity, and,
ere many years, will touch the very existence, of
the Republic.
Then what is the other section5 It is nothing
more than repealing an act of Congress passed,
within the last four years. It is nothing more in
its le^ai effect. Prior to the act of 1853, read by
my friend from South Carolina, [Mr. Our.,] it was
not an indictable offense known to the law to
bribe a member of Congress. It was no offense
known to the laws of the country to make any
combinations to sell their constituents for money,
for place, or for dignities. j
At this juncture the assistant to the Sergeant-
at-Arms appeared at the bar of the House and
announced to the Speaker that, in obedience to
the command of the House, he had arrested
James W. Simonton, Esq., and had him then at
the bar of the House to answer.
The SPEAKER. Unless the House shall
otherwise direct, the officer of the House will
take the person held in custody before the select
committee.-
Mr. H. MARSHALL. The person in cus-
tody has been before the select committee, and
the vote of the House this morning was on a
proposition that, by his action there, he was in
contempt. Now, it becomes the duty of the
House to decide what they will do m the case of
the contempt. If he contumaciously refuse to
testify, then it is for the House to take action.
The committee can do nothing.
Mr. ORR. I would suggest that the course
indicated by the Speaker be taken, so as to give
the witness the opportunity of purging his con-
tempt, before the House shall be called upon to
pass upon his case.
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the
House to give the case such direction as it may
choose.
Mr. ORR. I am requested by the party in
arrest to propound the inquiry to the Chair
whether he is at liberty to address any question
to the Chair?
The SPEAKER. Certainly not.
Mr. BURNETT. When the resolution was
introduced into this body for the purpose of
issuing this order to the Sei*geant-at-Arms 
The SPEAKER The Chair must suggest
that no (jucstion is before the House. The res-
olution of the [louse is exhausted when the of-
fender is presented at the bar.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 understand that action is
to be now taken by the House as to the disposi-
tion to be made of the person in custody.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already sug-
gested that the officer hold him in custody, and
take him before the committee of investigation,
unless the House give some other order.
Mr. RURNETT. I lise to a question of order.
I deny the power of the Speaker to issue such
an order, and for that I wish to give my reasons.
A select committee of this House, appointed by
this body, has introduced a resolution here, in
which it sots forth certain facts. What are those
facts? They npurt to this House that, in obe-
dience to the resolution adopted by this body,
they have, caused to come before them the party
here brought in by the Sergeant-at-Arms; that
they propounded certain questions, in accordance
with the resolution adopted by the House, and
for the purpose of carrying out the investiga-
tion 
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I rise to a point of order.
What question js before the House?
The SPEAKER. There is no question before
the House.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. Then I object to the gen-
tleman proceeding.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Has the Speaker
decided what ib to be done with the party m
custody;
The SPEAK ER. A resolution has been adopted
directing an officer of the 1 louse to make an arrest.
The person <uic.>ted is brought to the bar of U*c
House. The Chair has suggested that, unless the
House otherwise direct, the officer of the House
shall present him before the select committee.
Mr. RURNETT. I submit that the Speaker
of this House having issued his order to the Ser-
geant-at-Arms, and the Sergeant-at-Arms having
executed that order, and brought the person in
custody to the bar of the House, the Speaker has
no power to dispose of him, and he is within the
control of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
take to dispose of him.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I understood the Chair
to decide that there was no question before the
House.
The SPEAKER. There is no question before
the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I object to this pro-
ceeding.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit this ques-
tion to the-Ghmr: This order of the House has
been recited m your warrant to the Sergeant-at-
Arms——■
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the Speaker
assigning the floor, when I did not yield it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky was not entitled to the floor, as there was
no question before the House.
Mr. BURNETT. I was entitled to the floor,
and desired to make a motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee has the floor on a question of order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wished to state
that the resolution of the House adopted this
morning, as recited by the Speaker in his warrant
to the Sergeant-at-Arms, directs him (the Ser-
geant-at-Arms) to take into custody the body of
the said James W. Simonton wherever he was to
be found, and the same forthwith to have before
the said House, at the bar thereof, then and there
to answer the said charge. Now, sir, the officer
has executed your warrant; lie has brought the
body of the person here in custody, for the pur-
pose—as the resolution and as your warrant says
—of answering that charge. 1 submit to this
House whether it is now within the power and
jurisdiction of the Speaker to order the Sergeant-
at-Arms to take this man out, and keep him in
custody an indefinite period of time ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair made no decision
at all on the question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. He is here to
answer the charge.
Mr. RURNETT. 1 rise to a question of
order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I want to submit
this question of order: that the person is here,
and if he is willing to answer the charge, he has
the right to do so under your resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has suggested
that the House may take such order as it chooses
on this question.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to move that the
party in custody be heard.
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the
House to direct its proceedings.
Mr. BURNETT. I suppose I ha^e a right to
state the reason of my motion.
The SPEAKER. It is debatable.
Mr. BURNETT. The special committee have
reported certain facts to this House. What are
they? They have reported that they have gone
on with their examination m obedience to the
order of the House, and that on reaching a cer-
tain point, a witness by the name of Simonton
refused to answer interrogatories—which I admit
are legitimate, and such as he should have an-
swered; and having reported thus, they asked
this 3 louse to adopt a resolution empowering the
Speaker to issue his warrant, directed to the
Sergeant-at-Arms, to bring the party referred to
in his custody to the bar of the House. A major-
ity—a large majority—have adopted that resolu-
tion. When the resolution for this investigation
was introduced originally, I voted in its favor at
every stage. The considerations which controlled
me at that time were these: if there had. been cor-
ruption on the part of members of Congress—if
there were members so forgetful of their oath
under the Constitution, and their duty to their
constituents and the country, as to sell their votes
on certain measures of legislation, it ought to be
known; and being known and proved, the mem-
beis guilty of the offense ought to be expelled.
There was none who would have gone further
to ferret out those guilty of such offenses than
myself. There is none more ready to do so now.
But when, this morning, that special committee
reported a resolution asking of the House the
exercise of the highest power known to any tri-
bunal—tho deprivation of a citizen of his liberty—
before 1 could vote for it I wanted to know the
law upon which it was predicated. I wanted to
see the statute of the country which authorized
the exercise of such power by this body. Six-
teen members voted in the negative. A great
majority of the members voted that we had such
power. The accused is at the bar of the House,
in the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms. If he
refuses to answer, where is yourpower to punish
him for it ? Will you send him to jail ? [Many
cries of "Yes!"] Where is the law for it?
Where is your power to deprive even the hum
blest citizen of his liberty ? The gentleman from
