1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
413
for us to take action upon that point. But if the
House has a right to punish for contempt, it has
the same right to use the prison to punish for this
contempt, as anybody in the District has for a
like purpose. These^ buildings have all been
erected under appropriations made by Congress.
They are erected by provisions of law, and the
Congress of the United States, 01- either branch,
has a right to use them for the punishment of
individuals who stand in contempt of their laws
or authority. When the point which the gentle-
man from Virginia has suggested comes up, it
will be time to meet it. I think the resolution
whieh I have proposed means something, and it
will effect something; while the resolution pre-
pared by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] which the gentleman from North Carolina
proposes, simply provides for holding the pris-
oner in custody, to be boarded at a hotel at the
public expense, and lionized about the District.
I want to put the knife directly into the ulcer.
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman yield me the
floor to have read an amendment which I desire
to offer ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will give way
to hear it read.
Mr. Orr's proposed amendment was read, as
follows:
J. XV. Simonton having appeared at the bar of the House
according to its order, and the caus.cs assigned for the said
contempt being insufficient: Therefore
Resolved, That the said J. W. Simonton be continued in
close custody by the Sergeant-at-Arms, or in his absence,
by Mr. William G. Flood, during the balance of this session,
or until discharged by the further order of the House, to be
taken when he shall have purged the contcmpt on which
be was arrested, by testifying before the committee.
Mr. BOYCE. I desire to offer a resolution, and
' ask that it may be read.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
Resolved, That it is inexpedient for this Tlou^e fuuher to
concern themselves with the matter of Simonton, now be-
fore the House for an alleged contempt, and that ho be
discharged fiom the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms, anil
be no longer allowed to occupy a reporter's seat on tins
floor.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I aee, from the va-
riety of propositions that are introduced here,
what must be the result. I have no doubt the
individual under arrest would desire nothing1 more
than the passage of the resolution last read; but
for myself, I desire the passage of a resolution
the effect of which he will feel, and from which
the public will understand that we are in earnest
about it.
X call the previous question.
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman yield the iloor
a moment?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will hear the in-
quiry of the gentleman if he desires to propound
one.
Mr. ORR. I desire to say, Mr. Speaker, that
if the resolution of my colleague [Mr. BoyceJ
should be adopted, I should feel myself constrained
to ask the House to excuse me from any further
service upon the select committee.
Mr. CLlNGMAN. I have a right to modify
my proposition, and I will accept in lieu of it the
one offered by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Harris.]
Mr. ORR, Is there, then, only one proposition
pending?
The SPEAKER. Only one.
Mr. ORR. Then I hope the previous question
will not be sustained.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I withdraw the
call for the previous question, to enable the gen-
tleman from South Carolina to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. ORR. I offer the amendment in the nature
of the substitute which I indicated, as follows:
J. W. Simonton having appeared at the bar of the House,
accoiding to its order, and the cause assigned foi the said
contempt being unsatisfactory : Therefore
Resolved, That the said J. \V. Simonton be continued m
close custody by the Sergeant-at-Arms, or in his absence,
hy Mr. William G Flood, during the balance of this session, j
or until discharged by the farther order of the House, to be j
taken when he shall have puiged the contempt on winch :
he was arrested, by testifying before the committee. j
I ask the previous question. \
The previous question was seconded; and the j
main question ordered. j
Mr. MORGAN. I ask for the yeas and nays ;
on agreeing to the substitute of the gentleman j
from South Carolina. I
The yeas and nays were ordered. I
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to know if the
prisoner at the bar of the House has abandoned
the idea of being heard by counsel ?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SNEED (at four o 'clock p. m.) moved that
the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 120, nays 71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atken, Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Bell, Benson, l$ilhm hurst, Bingham, Bliss, lSiadsliaw,
Brenton, Broom, Buflinton, Burhngame, James II Camp-
befl, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, dawson,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cragin,
Cumback, Oamrell, Timothy Davis, Dean, Dickson, Drnkl,
Dowdell, Duilee, Kdwaids, Emrie, Knghsh, Evan**, Flag-
ler, Henry M Fuller, Guiding^, Granger, Gieenwood,
Giow. UobcttB. Hall, llailan, j. moitbuii Hairi*. Samp-
son W. Harris, llaiiison. Haven, Hodges, HolJowny,
Thomas 11. Horton, Valentine B. Horton. Howard, Ilugh-
ston, J. Clancy Jones, Kellv, Kelsey, Kennett, Ivnapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Lcitoi, Lmdlev, Ilumpluey
Marshall, Matteson, MeCarty, Kilhan Miller, AFilNon,
Mill waul, Morgan, Mori ill, Mott, Muriay. Nichols, Noiton,
Andiew Ohvei, Orr, Paikcr, rock, Pclton, IVriv, IVttit,
Pike, Porter, Pi ingle,Pmnance, Ritchie. Robbing ItobeiN,
Sage, Sapp. Scott, Sheim.m, Shoitei, Simmons. Stewart,
Tappan, Thoungton, Thuiston, Todd. Tiafton, Tnppc,
Tyson, Vail, Wade, Wakeman, Walbudge, Wnltfron,
Warner, CadwataderC.Wa.vhbuinc, Elhlm B. Washlmine,
Israel Washburn, Wells, WImney, Williams, Woodruff,
Woodwouh, and Zolhcotiei —1-20.
NAYS—Mcsms. Allen, Heniy Bennett, HendleyS. Ben-
nett, Bishop, Bocock, Bowie, Boyeo, Bianch,. Btooks,
Burnett, John P. Campbell, Caiutheis, Oaslcie, Clmginan,
IJowcll Cobb, Cox, Ciaige, Cullcn. Uemj Winter i):tvis,
Jacob C. I)avi.N, Day, Dunn, Ednunuhon, Elliott, EtlHMidge,
Faulkner, Floionce, Thomas J. i>. Fuller, Augustus Hall,
Thomas Xj. Il.ini>, Herbcit, Houston, Jcwctt, (jicoigc W
Jones, Kent, Kmc, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S.
Maishall, Maxwell, McMulhu, MeUueen, Smith Millet,
Mooie, Mordeeai Oliver, I'aine, Phelps, Powell, Pui\ear,
Quitman, Ilieaml, tiudin, Sandidi:^, Savnsre, Wil-
liam Smith, William P . Snuih, Sliced, Spinner, Stanton,
Swope, Talbott, Ta\lor, I'ndcrwond, Walkci, WntkiiH,
Watnnn, Wheeh.i, Win-low, and Daniel J{. Wnglit—"<l.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on adopting the resolu-
tion as amended
Mr. FAULKNEPccalledfor the yeas and nays.
The yi\itf and nays were ordered.
Mr. WALBR1DGE (at twenty-five minutes
past four o'clock) moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 136, nays 23; as follows:
VXAS—Me-isi-* Aiken, Allen, Alli-o>i, Bail, Benson,
Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Bowie, Biadshaw, Biooni, liuilin-
ton, Bui hneanie. Jamo 11. (-ampb'-il, Ca<-kie, Chatiee, E/,ia
Claik, ("law .-on, Chn uian, Willi.imson K. W. Cubb, Coliax,
Comms. Covodf, Co\, <h.u<re, ('iiHen, Cumbnrk, Damiell,
Heniy Winter Davis, l)av, Dean, Dickson. Dodd. Dowdell,
Dunn, Duilee, Edwauls, Emne,En^ii-li,XitheMilge. Fatilk-
ner, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D Fuller, Greenwood,
Grow, Augustus Hall, Ilohoit B. Hull, llailanj. Monison
Harris, Satrip-on W. flams. Tlioinas L. Ihun, Hanson,
Haven, llod'je^, Ilollovxay, Thomas B. lloiton, Valentine
B. Horton, Houston, llowaid, ll!r_'h<4on, J. Glancy Jones,
Kelly, kelsey, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Lake, Leuer,
Lmdley, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matte-
son, Maxwell, MeCarty, Smith Miller, Miilson, Moore,
Moigan, Moirill, Mott, Nichols, Notion, Mordecai Oliver,
Orr, Patne, Parker, Peck, Peltori, Periy, Petlit,{'helps. Pike,
Poitei, Powell, Pnnglc, Puiviance, Pui>cai, Ricaud,
Ritchie, Rivers, Bobbins, Roberts, Iliiflin, Sage, Sandidge,
Sapp, Scott, Shorter, Simmons, William it. Smith, Sneed,
Spinner, Stanton, Stewart, Swope, Talbott, Tappan, Tay-
lor, Thormgton, TraHon, Tyson, Wade, Wakeman, Wal-
bridge, Waldron, Warner, Cadwalailei C. Washlmine,
Elhhu B. Washbnrne, Israel Washburn, Watkuis, Whit-
ney, Williams, Winflow, Woodruff, Woodworth,and Zol-
hcoffer—130.
NAYS—Messrs. Ilendley S. Bennett, Branch, Brooks,
Burnett, Edinuud-on, Elhou, Florence, Herbert, Jewett,
George W. Jones, Kino:, Letcher, Lumpkm, McMulhn, Mc-
Queen, Murray, Quitman, Savage, Thuiston, Underwood,
Watson, Wheeler, and Daniel B. Wright—23.
So the resolution as amended was adopted.
Pending the call,
Mr. UNDERWOOD said: Believing as I do,
that the effect of this resolution will be to send
the prisoner to the hotel, and pay his expenses
there, instead of inflicting a punishment on him
for his delinquency, 1 vote " No."
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Without the ex-
pectation of any good being accomplished by the
passage of the resolution, I vote u Ay."
Mr. MORGAN asked and obtained leave to
change his vote after the result was announced,
he having addressed the Speaker in time.
Mr. WHEELER. I wish to have the same
privilege of changing my vote on the first reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will state
that he asked the privilege before the result was
announced.
Mr. WHEELER. No, sir.
Mr. ORR. I rise to a privileged question. I
move to reconsider the vote by which the House
has adopted the resolution, and I intend to make
a few remarks in reference to it. Two or three
of the gentlemen who voted on this resolution
indicated that nothing would grow out of jt. I
offered the amendment, not because I did not
believe that the House had authority to keep in
closc confinement any person who had violated
the privileges, or who was in contempt, but I
offered it because I could not vote for the resolu-
tion gf my friend fiom Illinois, [Mr. Harris,]
inasmuch as that resolution instructed the jailer
of this District to receive this party. Now, sir,
we have got no authority to issue an order to the
jailer at all. Suppose the jailer had refused to
have received the part}', there would have been
no remedy. Therefore, whatever punishment
this House sees fit to impose for a breach of its
privileges, the executive officer for that punish-
ment must be your own officer, so that if that
officer fails to perform his duty, you will have a
responsible party before you to punish. Gentle-
men say that there is a probability that—this
resolution having been adopted — the party will
enjoy all the ease and luxury of the city 
Mr. QUITMAN. I must call the gentleman
from South Carolina to order. He is not dis-
cussing the question of reconsidering the vote.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
opens the merits of the question.
Mr. ORR. Mr. Speaker, if the House had
passed an order to imprison this party in tho
common jail, it would have been nugatory. If
the jailor had refused to receive him, you would
have had no remedy. You must, therefore, con-
fine the execution of the order ol the House to
your own officers. It is true, the resolution ia
not very specific. It speaks of close custody.
Now, if the Sergeant-at-Arms construes the res-
olution to mean that the paity shall not be de-
prived of his liberty, and shall go where he pleases,
only accompanied by one of the deputies of the
Sergeant-at-Arms, I suspect that that officer will
find himself called on to answer why he failed to
execute the order of the House. Having made
this explanation, I move that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
Mr. SAVAGE asked the gentleman from South
Carolina to withdraw the motion to lay on the
table.
Mr. ORR declined to withdraw it.
Mr. MORGAN demanded tellers on the motion
to lay on the table.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Washburn,
of Maine, and Kelly, were appointed.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. I submit the following resolu-
tion :
Whereas the House ha^ ordered Mi. J. W. Simonton
to be punished for contempt; and wheicu- the ro.i'on a?-
signed by said Smmnton beini: that he 1, unwilling to
violate confidence ; and whereas it is the dutv ol the House
to give said Simonton a chance to bo u liowd . Theictoie
Rc^olrctL That the Clerk he required to call the mil
alphabetically, and that each membci in answer to his
name, n>e in his place, and indicate whether or not hen
willing to release Mr. Simonton fiom all obligations of
secrecy.
The SPEAKER. The Chair dccidra the res-
olution not to be a quc-stion of privilege.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. .Well, I give notice,
then, that I shall offer it to-morrow.
Mr. GROW. This day was set apart for tho
consideration of tenitonal business. The gen-
tleman from South CaioUna, when In-introduced
his question of privilege this morning, said that
if it occupied the whole day, he would have 110
objection to setting apart another day for terri-
torial business. I now ask that Saturday be set
apart for the consideration of that business.
Mr. LETCHER objected.
And then, on motion of Mr. SAVAGE, tho
House (at ten minutes to five o'clock, p. in.)
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 2'J, 1857.
PrayerbytheChaplain,Rev.stepuen P. Hill.
The J ouriial of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial of Mar-
shall 0. Roberts, Horace P. Clark, and Elwood
Fisher, trustees under the contract between A.
