414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
G. Sloo and the Government, for mail service
between New York, New Orleans, Havana, and
Chagres, praying to be allowed additional com-
pensation; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. ADAMS presented the memorial of Sallie
Eola Reneau, praying that Congress will charter
and endow the National Female University of
America, for the education of females in the Uni-
ted States; which was referred to the Committee
on the Library.
Mr. BIGLlSR presented the petition of John
S. Yan Dyke, who was wounded in the vfttr of
1812, praying to be allowed arrears of pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. RUSK presented the petition of citizens
of Illinois, praying for the establishment of ad-
ditional mail facilities between Princeton and Tis-
ftilwa, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of
Charles E. Brown and others, watchmen on board
the steamer Minnesota, while lying at the navy-
yard at Washington, praying to be allowed addi-
tional compensation; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SLIDELL presented a paper relating to
the claim of George Whitman, to compensation
for losses sustained in consequence of the failure
of the Government agents to pay a draft drawn
in his favor by the Post Office Department; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. STUART presented the petition of Wil-
liam H. Berliam, administrator of the estate of
the late John,McNeil, asking for a confirmation
of his title to certain lands; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
reports prom committees.
Mr. POSTER, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
276) granting bounty land to the officers and crews
of private armed vessels, commissioned by the
United States, reported it without any recom-
mendation, either favorable or unfavorable.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
John Sliaw, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 518) for his relief; which was read
a first time, and ordered to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of the representative of Hugh Montgomery, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
517) for the relief of Elizabeth Montgomery, heir
of Hugh Montgomery; which was read a first
time, and ordered to a second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered- That the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
charged from the fuitlier consideration of the petition of a
convention of citizens of Kansas, asking for a grant of pub-
lic land for the purposes of education; and of the resolution
of tile Senate of the 19th instant, in relation to increasing
tlie compensation of registers and receivers of public lands.
On motion of Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey,
it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of
T. Ddrnich Shaw, and that he have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers. #
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills;
which thereupon received the signature of the
President pro tempore:
Aii act to authorize the legal representatives of
Pascal L. Cerre to enter certain lands in the State
of Missouri; and
An act for the relief of James P. Fleming, of
Augusta, Georgia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Or<l-:re<L Vi'.it the heir= of France Lavernway have
leave io w l'l'diaw his petition and papers.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr, WILSON save notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a hill to procure a bust in
marble of Chief Justice William Cushing.
Mr. FOOT gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill granting bounty land to
Mrs. Mary Felcli, widow of the Rev. Cheever
Felch, deceased, late chaplain in the United
States Navy.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. WELLER. There is a bill which was
pending before the Senate at the last session-
undisposed of, which is now the second bill in
tlie regular order of business. I ask that it be
taken up now, for the purpose of making it the
special order for Tuesday next. It is the bill (S.
No. 130) making appropriations for certain new
fortifications.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
Mr. WELLER. I move that the further con-
sideration of the bill be postponed, and that it be
made the special order for Tuesday next, at one
o'clock.
Mr. GEYER. Tuesday next has been fixed
as the day for taking up the bill from the House
No. 99, which was made the special order for
that day, at one o 'clock. It is the bill relative to
payment for horses lost or destroyed in the ser-
vice of the United States.
Mr. WELLER. Then I will say Wednesday.
I am very anxious that the bill of which the Sen-
ator speaks should be disposed of, and I do not
wish to interfere with it.
The motion to make the bill the special order
for Wednesday next was agreed to.
kentucky deaf and dumb asylum.
Mr. STUART. The Committee on Public
Lands reported, a few days since, a bill which
ought to be acted on promptly, extending the
time to the State of Kentucky to sell certain lands
which were granted to her for the purposes of an
asylum. It is a bill which has already passed
the House of Representatives. The time now
limited by law will expire very early in April. I
hope the Senate will take up that bill, and dispose
of it now. It will probably not occupy five
minutes.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I hope it
will be taken up. It is a bill extending the time
to the Deaf and Dumb Asylum at Danville, Ken-
tucky, to dispose of the remnant of a grant of
land made many years ago, which is situated in
Florida. They have not been able to sell it out,
because it is inferior land, and this bill only
extends the time for disposing of what remains
of it.
Mr. YULEE. I hope that bill will not be
taken up. Florida has decided objections to it.
The suspension from sale of that land has been
j of serious detriment to that portion of the coun-
! try. The grant was made over twenty years
' ago; and whiie all the other lands in the neigh-
1 borhood have been sold and subjected toagricul-
; tural operations, these lands have been held back
j from some cause or other, very much to the local
| injury of that portion of the State. I shall be
1 entirely unwilling to agree to the extension of the
time.
Mr. STUART. I suggest to the Senator from
Florida, that if he designs to oppose the bill we
had better take it up now, and assign an early day
for its consideration.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I am per-
fectly willing to agree to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Michigan moves that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 580) to
extend the time for selling the lands granted to
the Kentucky Asylum for teaching the deaf and
dumb.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, asin Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill.
Mr. STUART. I now move, inasmuch as
other measures will be coming up this morning,
to postpone the bill until next Monday week, and
make it the special order for that day, at half past
twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance,
who have had under consideration estimates sent
in for the Indian service since the Indian appro-
priation bill was reported, have directed me to
report sundry amendments, which I present to
the Senate, and ask that they may be printed.
The other day I gave notice that I should en-
deavor to call up the bill this morning; but I know
there are other subjects before the Senate, and it
would be useless to do so. But I ask the Senate,
by general consent, to take it up, and make it the
special order for Monday next. It is a general
appropriation bill, and ought to be considered.
Tlie motion to print the amendments was agreed
to;and the Senate proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to consider the bill,
Mr. HUNTER. I move that it be made the
special order for Monday next, at twelve o'clock.
Mr. WELLER. There is already a special
order for that day. The bill providing for an
increase of the pay of the officers of the Army
was yesterday made the special order for Mon-
day next. I have no objection, however, to the
motion, if it is understood that my bill will take
precedence.
Mr. HUNTER. How is that? Does not the
last special order take precedence ?
Mr. STUART. The first takes precedence.
Mr. HUNTER. I give notice that on Mon-
day next I shall try the question. I think we
ought to consider general appropriation bills first.
I move that this bill be made the special order
for Monday, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
oceanic telegraph.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
493) to expedite telegraphic communication for
the use of the Government in its foreign inter-
course; the pending question being on the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Pcgh, to add the following
proviso:
Provided, That this act shall not take effect until a treaty
shall have been concluded and ratified between tlie Gov-
ernments of Great Britain and the United States, whereby
such portions of the British possessions m North America
as command the western terminus of the said submarine
telegraph shall have been subjected to the principle of neu-
tralization adopted in the convention relative to Central
America, signed at Washington on the 19th of April, 1850,
and such other convention supplementary thereto as may
be ratified hereafter.
Mr. PUGH. The amendment which I offered
yesterday was written in haste, and I desire to
modify the first clause of it. It now reads " this
act shall not take effect until," &c. I propose to
substitute for that clause the words, "no money
shall be paid under the authority of this act
until," &c.
Mr. SEWARD. I have but a word to say on
that subject. So far as any national rights are
at hazard, or are involved in this question, they
naturally would fall under the supervision of the
President of the United States, who has charge
of the foreign relations of the country. If he
shall deem it necessary to protcct any interest of
the United States in peace or war, he will be able
to do so; and this bill, when it becomes a law,
reposes the whole duty to be performed by it to
the President and to his discretion, and is not
mandatory on himatall. If, therefore, the Pres-
ident shall think the public interest requires to be
protected, it is to be presumed he will not enter
into this contract until a treaty has been made
for that purpose.
Mr. PUGH. I desire to make a few remarks
in reply to what was said by the Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] yesterday; but as
he is not in his seat, I shall dispense with some
things which, under other circumstances, I should
have felt bound to say.
The Senator commenced his remarks by saying
that we were actuated by a war spirit in the
amendment which I submitted, and which had
been advocated by the Senator from Virginia,
and to some extent by others. I am sure that,
as far as I am concerned, I have given no man-
j ifestation of any such spirit in this Senate Cham-
ber: for I defy the Senator, or any one else, to
, find' in all that I have ever said the slightest
i allusion that could alienate us from any
Government, or which could set up any standard
! of statesmanship, or want of statesmanship, as
j he seems to suggest. He says he supports this
| bill as a peace measure. Well, sir, I recollect ■
! my own impression is, and 1 think it will so
| appear on reference—that I discussed it both as
a peace measure and as a war measure. My
objection was much more clearly stated by the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs;] but to
refresh the recollection of the Senator from JNeW
