1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
Hampshire, or of his friends, if he be not pres-
ent, I will repeat the objections which I made to
it as a peace measure.
It proposes that we shall guaranty the divi-
dends of a private stock company. Certain gen-
tlemen, who have undertaken their own business
with their own capital, to make a telegraphic
wire from Newfoundland to Ireland, expecting
to realize all the dividends, and to put them into
their own pockets, come to us, and ask us to
guaranty foui per cent', to them.
Mr. WELLER. Three per cent, is our share,
and three per cent, from the British Government,
making altogether six per cent.
Mr. PUG'H. They ask that we shall extend
this guarantee to the extent of §70,000 a year, to
be paid out of our Treasury. I said, in reference
to that, that I thought it was the Collins line
revived. I do think so. We have given notice
to Mr. Collins and his associates to terminate
their agreement. We set it on foot. We paid Mr.
Collins for running his own ships, and putting the
money into his own pocket; we have found that to
be a losing business,;tnd have given notice to term-
inate it. "The moment we are rid of him we are
asked to take up certain other gentlemen, and put
their telegraph company on the same fooling with
the Collins line—to guaranty them against losses
in a private enterprise. That alone is enough to
induce me to vote against this bill. I will not
vote to appropriate the public money to any pri-
vate enterprise of that description.
Rut, sir, I madcanother objection. I stated, and
the Senator from Georgia repeated it with great
force, that Great Britain has colonies on this con-
tinent, and it is of the last importance to her that
she should communicate with her colonies. She
can do it by means of this telegraphic communi-
cation. It is essential to her, to ihe integrity of
her dominion, that she should have this commu-
nication; for if she docs not bring Canada nearer
to her by some contrivance or other, she will lose
Canada. We have no colony at the othei end of
the line; we never expect to have any; and yet
we are to pav as much money as the British Gov-
ernment. That is another objection to it as a
peace measure.
What further? The British Government can
use this telegraphic communication with safety
to itself. It has one class of operators at Ireland
or at London, and it will have another class of
them at Newfoundland. It can secure secrecy as
well as dispatch. It can send messages, andean
control both ends of this wire in peace as well as
in war. It is useful to that Government. It will
never be of any use to this Government. Why,
sir, if there be a dispatch of such urgent character
that we require a telegraph rather than the ordi-
nary means of communication, is there any Sen-
ator who imagines, for an instant, that we could
send such a dispatch to our Minister in London
orin France by means of this telegraphic commu-
nication? How long would your secrecy be pre-
served ? What are the penalties you exact from
the operator at the other end of the telegraphic
line in case he betrays your diplomatic secrets?
The whole idea of using this line in your diplo-
matic relations seems to be a thoughtless sug-
gestion, and I say that with all respect. It never
can be used in your foreign intercourse.* You
cannot intrust a message of any confidence to this
means of communication. In the first place, you
must confide it to the operator at Newfoundland,
and then you must confide it to the operator at the
other end of the communication. And yet, sir,
for a means of communication that is valuable to
England in time of peace as well as in time of
war, and which is of no value to us either in
peace or in war, we are asked to pay the same
amount which the British Government is to pay.
If there is any war spirit in that suggestion I plead
guilty.
But, sir, it is improper on any occasion, in the
Senate or elsewhere, to advert to the effect which
a proposed appropriation of public money will
have on our interests in case a war should arise?
The Senator from New Hampshire thought this
was a very unfortunate way of arguing ques-
tions. He thought such an argument as that
would go to the extent of requiring us to dis-
pense with all our steamships. I tlnnk not, sir.
We have spent two days in the Senate discuss-
ing the propriety of establishing a navy-yard; :
and why do we want a navy-yard? Why do
you maintain a navy? Why do you keep it
afloat? It is to prepare for war; it is to have the
means of offense and defense in case war should
arise. Why do you maintain your army, and
pass your annual fortification bill? Surely, if
we are so near the millennium as Senators imagine
we arc, we might dispense with the thirty or forty
millions of money expended every year for these
purposes. The sneer of the Senator from New
Hampshire applies as well to them as to the
amendment under consideration and the argu-
ments by which it has been supported. The
Senator said it was a very absurd idea to imagine
that by any convention or treaty we could secure
the use of this communication in time of war. I
admit that it is very absurd; but it is an absurdity
that existed nowhere except in his own imagina-
tion, for no such proposition has been made. No
man imagines, 1 suppose, that this communica-
tion could be used by us in lime of war, certainly
I never did. The objection which I made was
that the British Government could use it, and
use it in spite of us. They have both ends of it.
They can use it to communicate orders from the
Government at Londbn to the colonial authori-
ties in Canada; and what will be the effect of it?
You have a thousand miles of unprotected coast
on the northern frontier. As the Senator said,
you have the guns of British fortresses com-
manding youi cities upon the lakes. We have
no standing army of any consequence to defend
us. Our reliance is on the militia. Wo must
have time to call out the nnhtia. We must have
time to march them to the place where an attack
is expected; but you propose now to enable the
British Government, by a telegraphic dispatch, to
direct a fue to be opened upon an)' city we have
upon the lakes, either by the torts that command
them, as at Detroit, or by her marine upon the
laki s, which is now superior to ours.
Sir, ours is an unprotected coast. It is a coast
that can be protected only by the mihUa, and this
is simply a proposition, if you look at it as a war
measure, to pay England the means of keeping
communication between her Government and her
armed forces near that coast.
Several remedies have been suggested for this.
How are we to prevent it? She sends her message
to Newfoundland, and from Newfoundland it is
carried by the Canadian line;* of telegraph along
the whole coast. Several remedies have been
suggested. My friend from Illinois [Air. Doro-
lasJ has a very comprehensive one. lie pro-
poses that the moment war is declared, we shall
march into Canada and take the whole, of it. As
the Senator from Georgia remarked, we tried that
twice, and we did not succeed very well. We
have found Canada to us as de.sti uclivc as Russia
was to Napoleon. The seveiity of her climate
has been far more disastrous to our forces than
the prowess of the Canadian arms. Bm, Mr.
President, suppose we do adopt the prescription
of the Senator from Illinois. War being about
to be declared, wc conclude to raise an ia-niy of a
couple of thousand men—[ will take the smallest
number possible—to march and invade the island
of Newfoundland or the province of New Bruns-
wick. By the time your two thousand men are
raised, or, if it b< your standing army, by the
time you have collected them fuun your \arious
forts, and have carried them as far as Boston, the
news will be at the Admnalty oince in London
by this very means of communication, that an
attempt will be made to attack this end of the
communication. And what would be the conse-
quence? Before your troops could march to New
Brunswick, and be shipped for Newfoundland,
ten war steamers of the; British navy would be
stationed there to piotect that end of the com-
munication, and, if need be, ten more to blockade
the harbors of Charleston, Savannah, and New
York. We are dealing with a Power that has
a steam marine ten times as great as ours; and
before we can carry out the magnificent idea of
the Senator from Illinois, we shall have the whole
English navy informed by means of this com-
munication, not only ready to anticipate bis mag-
nificent project, but ready to divert your attention
to your own unprotected cities.
The Senator from Texas [Mr. Rusk] has a
prescription too. He thinks we need only send
a little Yankee cutter there to take up the wire
and cut it. I think, with due respect, that that
is much more easily said than done. I think it
would trouble a vessel, in this comprehensive
and speedy manner, to drag up that cable from
such a distance in the water and sever it, or sever
it in any other way. Probably she can do it if
she has time; but, as I have already said, long
before you can fit out your ship, word will be
sent to the Admiralty at London, and you will
have war steamers stationed there to prevent any
such comprehensive remedy as that.
It is said, also, that the idea of neutralization in
time of war is very absurd. It may be so; but
we have tried it; we have committed ourselves to
it; it is a foregone conclusion. We have agreed
with Great Britain, that the ship canal across the
Isthmus at Nicaragua, and the railroad commu-
nication at Panama, shall be neutralized. We
have agreed that English or American vessels of
war approaching either terminus of the ship
canal, shall be exempt from attack by the ves-
sels of the other country. That convention de-
clares that it stands not upon a matter of detail,
but upon the general principle of neutralizing the
commercial communications across this conti-
nent. We have ratified that treaty; we have
quarreled about that treaty; and if there be any
'truth in the newspapers, we are asked to £0 on
and bind it round with tenfold additional stipula-
tions.
What further ? The great Powers of Europe
have assembled their plenipotentiaries at Paris
within the last year — to do what? To make a
convention in relation to neutral rights; and not
only neutral rights, bijJ the rights even of bellig-
erents, or of those portions of the belligerents
who are not actually engaged in hostilities; and
to neutralize certain mstiumentalities of com-
merce dining time of war. Our Government has
been asked to accede to that convention. It has
acci ded to all the provisions but one; and, in
reference to that, it has gone a bow-shot beyond
the convention of the plenipotentiaries at Pans.
Our Government now stands in the attitude of
proposing that all private property in time of war
shall bo neutral—shall be exempt from capture-
shall be exempt from violence; so that in every
possible form in which this Government can
present itself, it has taken its stand in favor of
exempting commercial property from the acci-
dents and violence of war. If this be a sound
principle m relation to Central America—if it bo
a principle the importance of which we recognize
to such an extent that we take upon ourselves
forever to exclude our influence, our prowess,
our progress, our control, and our destiny over
Central America—lf^ve permit ourselves to be cut
off from the most speedy communication with
that pnrt of our Republic which lies on the Pacitic
coast—why is it not a good principle to be applied
to Great Britain, when she asks us to pay as
much ;is she pays for a means of communication
valuable to her, and in no sense valuable to us?
It is said that this will delay and defeat the
measuie. Sir, it will not delay the measure one
hour, tf the Government of Great Britain is acting
m good faith. If she means that this submarine
telegiaph shall be used solely for commercial
puipoM-s, and never shall be used as a means of
offense against us, she will consent to apply the
doctrine of neutralization to the territory where
the telegraph terminates on this continent. There
need be no delay. A treaty can be concluded and
ratified before the adjournment of this session.
If, however, it were to cause delay—if it were to
postpone the enterprise of these gentlemen, what
Is the answer? They have suddenly sprung it
upon us. They have never consulted us before-
hand. They have gone on with their scheme;
they have applied to the Government of Great
Britain; and now, having fixed up the thing
without consultation with us—^having made it to
suit themselves, they apply to us for the mere
formality of having the key to our Treasury for
the purpose of carrying out their scheme._ Sir,
before they get that key with my vote, I wish to
be certain, so far as treaties can go—so far as the
good faith of nations can go, that not one dollar
of our money shall ever be employed, either in
peace or in war, for the destruction of our com-
mercial interests, or for imperiling the safety and
lives of our people. That is a consideration with
me superior to any advantages which may be
derived to commerce from this telegraph.
The Senator from Texas tells us it is to be
of vast advantage to us. To the Government,
