THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D, C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 24, 1857.
New Series....No. 97.
services in advance nt a fixed rate. It is by the
allurement of this offer of something of extra
pay that they will be induced to hazard their own
fortunes in an enterprise which, if successful,
will bring fruits to them; if unsuccessful, will
entail no losses upon us, for we arc to pay noth-
ing until they begin to carry our messages. _
So far, then, as the interests of Great Britain
are concerned in this matter, and as the constitu-
tional question is concerned, I really think Sen-
ators who advanced those views did not suffi-
ciently reflect on them before giving utterance to
those opinions.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will the gentleman
allow me to interrupt him for a moment? He
supposes that this bill provides only for compen-
sation to be paid for services rendered by the com-
pany who are to lay down this telegraphic line,
and asks nothing from the Governmentfor laying
it down. I do not so understand it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I may be, perhaps, mis-
taken in the terms of the bill; but I think not.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Let me read the bill.
That the Secretary of State, in the discretion and under
tlie direction of the President of the United States, may
contract with any competent person, persons, or associa-
tion, for the aid of the United States, in laying down asub-
manne cable, to connect existing telegraphs between the
<:oas>t of Newfoundland and the coast of Ireland, and for
the use of such submarine communication when established
hj the Government of the United State, (.yc.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The meaning of that is,
the use by the Government when established.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It is " the use of such
submarine communication when established by
the Government of the United States."
Mr. BENJAMIN. A difference of punctua-
tion would make the sense plain to the Senator.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That may be; but the
previous language of the bill is, " for the aid of
the United States in laying down a submarine
cable," and for the use when laid down.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am very happy to have
been interrupted by the Senator from Kentucky.
But the bill as amended refers specially to the
contract made by the British Government with
this company. The aid of that Government in
laying down the telegraphic wire, and the aid of
this Government in laying down the telegraphic
wire—the only aid proposed by either is that
each Government will favorably consider an ap-
plication from the company.for the use of some
national vessel to assist them in laying down the
wire—that is all. That is the limit of the aid of
the Government in doing this work; for that it
asks no pay. It is a mere gratuitous assistance
rendered to these persons. The appropriation
of money is limited to pay for the use of the
telegraphic communication when established,and
the Government is not to pay a cent until it is
established. It is possible that the language of
this bill might be more accurate, and it perhaps
ought to be amended so as to meet the interpre-
tation suggested by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, " And for the use of such submarine
communication by the Government of the United
States after it shall have been established,'" would
perhaps be a better form of language; but the
meaning of the sentence, I take it, is just as I
stated before.
Now, if there be no objection on the constitu-
tional ground, and if the advantages of this tele-
graphic wire, as a war measure, have been so
much exaggerated, as I am inclined to think they
have been, what earthly objection can be made
to this appropriation? Observe, Mr. President,
that this is our position: Great Britain holds the
two termini of this line. She holds it; and can
appropriate it exclusively, whenever she pleases,
to the use of her own Government and her own
citizens. She has appropriated to it a certain
amount of aid; and if it were as important an
element in time of peace or war as gentlemen
make it out tcr be, and as I am inclined to think
it is, it would be perfectly within the power of
that Government to control its use forever. It
need not come offering to us to neutralize its
undoubted possessions, and give us equal advant-
27
ages with itself and its citizens for the miserable
pittance of <£350,000 sterling, to be paid to a
private company, many of whom are themselves
American citizens. So far from pursuing this
niggardly and unwise policy, the British Gov-
ernment, having the whole matter in its own
hands, has said with great liberality—with credit-
able good feeling towards this country: "We
will not take advantage of this exclusive control;
we will give money freely to aid this private com-
pany in this great enterprise; and wo will go
further—we will recognize the recent testimonial
of good feeling that has been sent to us by our
brethren across the Atlantic, and we will repay
that testimonial of good feeling sent to us by a
tender to them of that which is infinitely more
valuable — infinitely more important than what
they have done for Great Britain." Ours, sir,
was a graceful act of generosity; hers is a great
sacrifice of national advantages which she exclu-
sively possesses, and whioh she tenders to us in
the spirit of amity—in a spirit which will be pre*
servativo of that peace which we all profess so
much to cherish, but which, I am much afraid,
we all do but too little to preserve.
Now, sir, without this bargain, what will be
the result? This line will be laid; and after it
shall have been laid, by the terms of the contract
with the Government of Grent Britain, thatGov-
ernnient has the precedence with all its dispatches.
It uses the telegraph as it pleases, and how it
pleases, for governmental purposes. We are ex-
cluded from it; or if we hereafter make a bargain
with the company, after the line is done, think
you that, controlled as they will be by British
influence and by British interests, that company
will, after they have succeeded in thisenterprise,
agree to carry the mcsseiges of this people and
Government for less than they now offer, when
they are anxious for our aid, of whieh then they
will be independent? Never, sir, shall we have
an opportunity of making use of this communi-
cation on the same advantageous terms as now.
If we give equal aid with Great Britain, we ac-
quire equal control; our Government has equal
rights—our citizens have equal power to use this
communication for the common interests of the
whole country. Shall we give up all this when
we can secure it for so small a pittance, upon
some paltry jealousy of the use which Great Brit-
ain may make of this communication at some
future time in some possible contingency of war?
Mr. President, let us not always be thinking of
war; Jet us be using means to preserve peace.
The amount that would be expended by this
Government in six months'war with Great Brit-
ain, would far exceed everything that we shall
have to pay for the use of tins telegraphic line for
the entire twenty-five years of the contract; and
do you not believe that this instrumentality will
be sufficiently efficient to bind together the peace,
the commerce, and the interests of the two coun-
tries, so as even to defer a war for six months or
twelve months, if one should ever become inevit-
able, beyond the period at which it would other-
wise occur? If it does that, it will in six or eight
or nine months repay the expenditures of twenty-
five years, during all which time we shall have
had our Government dispatches conveyed gratis,
and our people entitled to the same use of the line
during peace as the citizens of Great Britain.
Sir, when I reflect on this subject, I shudder
to tlunk of the advantages which the English
public, the English commerce, and the English
Government will have over ours if we reject this
proposition. It was very well said yesterday by
the Senator from Texas, that in all the bargains j
of this great bargaining and commercial country, !
British subjects will have the advantage of ten j
days more recent information than the citizens :
of the United States. It is now in Great Brit- j
ain's power to effect this end. It is now in her I
power to monopolize this communication. If we |
held it, should we not be disposed to monopolize
it ? From what I have heard in the Senate on
this subject, my judgment is that we should be,
or many of us would be, in favor of monopolizing
it; and yet, without price, without condition,
upon a footing of perfect equality, Great Britain
says to this Government, " Come forward; join
us in giving the sanie aid to this great enterprise
that we ourselves are ready to give, and your
Government and your people may take advant-
age of it, though we own the two shores on
each side of the Atlantic at the sole point on
earth where those two shores can be combined
and united together by telegraphic communica-
tion." That is tendered to us unconditionally;
and gentlemen say they will not take it because
Great Britain, if we should ever have a war
hereafter, might refuse us in time of war all these
benefits which she is offering to us in time of
peace. I must confess, Mr. President, that this
argument appears to me to be very strange. She
can hold all. She offers us a fair share of every-
thing while peace shall last. We all profess to
be desirous of peace. We all suppose peace will
be enduring—not forever; 1 do not believe in the
arrival of the Utopian age; but we all profess to
believe that peace will be enduring; and shall we
cut off our Government and our people from the
use of this communication for, perhaps, genera-
tion^ to come, upon the fear, or the pretext of the
fear, that some day Great Britain may use it in
time of war? Once again, sir, I say, if she wants
it for war she will put it there at her own ex-
pense. It iH not throe hundred thousand pounds
or four hundred thousand pounds that will arrest
her. if, on the contrary, this be useful to com-
merce—useful in an eminent degree—useful for
the preservation of peace, then I confess I feel
some pride that my country should aid in estab-
lishing it. 1 confess I feel a glow of something
like pride that I belong to the great human family
when I see these triumphs of science, by which
mind is brought into instant communication with
mind across the intervening oceans, which, to our
unenlightened forefathers, seemed placed there by
Providcnce as an eternal barrier to communication
between man and man. Now, sir, we speak from
minute to minute. Scarcely can a gun be fired
in war on the European shore ere its echoes will
reverberate amongst our own mountains, and be
heaul by every citizen in the land. All this is
a triumph of science—of American genius, and
1 for one feel proud of it, and feel desirous of
sustaining and promoting it.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, it seems to
be admitted by the advocates of this bill, that so
far as any advantages are to be derived from this
telegraphic communication in time of war, they
are all to lie on the side of Great Britain. I think
they have underrated the superiority which it will
give her in time of war; for they seem to treat it
as a matter of small importance. But atany rate,
if she to have all the advantages on the war
portion of%ie argument, it would seem to afford
a poor reason why we should go to half the ex-
pense of laying down this line of telegraph. Gen-
tlemen say, admitting that she is to have all these
advantages in time of war, (and they must be
hers, because both the termini arc within her
dominions,) that wc ought to jump at this offer,
because it affords us the means of communication
so cheaply. I should like to look into this mat-
ter a little, to see what are the terms upon which
it is offered to us to engage in this enterprise.
it is proposed that we shall guaranty <£14,000
sterling, or $70,000 a year, Great Biitam giving
as much, making eight per cent. The two Gov-
ernments are to guaranty for twenty-five yeurs
eight per cent, on what is estimated as the entire
cost of the telegraph line. But that is not all.
The two Governments arc to render such aid in
ships as may be wanted. Now, with the excep-
tion of manufacturing the cable, is not that the
whole expense of laying down the line ? If the •
two Governments send a ship to take the cable
out and lay it down, is not that by far the great-
est portion of the expense of the telegraphic line ?
Who believes that it is to be laid down for the
sum at which it is now estimated? ^ Have they
considered the risk of$hc cable parting, and thus
being lost altogether? Have they considered the
