1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
There is what you have done for the construc-
tion of a telegraph from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
You have sirfipiy authorized these men, at their
own expense, to go through the public lands and
construct" that telegraph.
Mr. President, I need not say that in my judg-
ment it is much more important that we should
be brought into closer connection with the Pacific
coast than with Great Britain. If this country
were involved in a war, California and the whole
Pacific coast must necessarily be detached from
the Union until we could obtain the ascendency
of the ocean, and that might take us some time.
When the bill to which I have alluded was pend-
ing, we proposed to give the company a certain
quantity of public land — some one million five
hundred thousand acres, I believe, of land that is
wholly unoccupied and worthless to the Govern-
ment, to aid in the construction of that telegraphic
line; and the Senate voted it down. They were
perfectly willing that the company should con-
struct the line at their own expense, and in a
generous fit of liberality allowed them to have
"the right of way to the width of two hundred feet
through the public lands.
Now, here is a proposition urged by the Sena-
tor from Texas, and reported by his committee,
to enable us to hold closer communication with
Great Britain. In the event of a war, that com-
munication will be invaluable to the British Gov-
ernment, but wholly valueless to us. In a state
of peace, I grant you there will be many com-
mercial advantages resulting from it; and the tax
for it should fall on the commercial interests of
the country. Let those who propose to use it
pay for it. In the mean time, if you have any
spare money in the Treasury, I suggest to you
the propriety of appropriating it for the con-
struction of a telegraph to your possessions on
the Pacific. At all events, I shall not vote for
this submarine telegraph until you have shown
some disposition to give me closer connection
with my constituents.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. It was not
my purpose originally, Mr. President, to say
anything on this bill; but as it has provoked a
very general discussion, I deem it proper to take
this occasion to say a few words in regard to it.
In the first place, I exceedingly doubt and very
much distrust the practicability of this experi-
ment, or at least the durability of the undertak-
ing if the wire shall be laid down. The sound-
ings which have been made may develop the
rise and fall of the sea and the character of the
bottom; but we, as yet, know nothing as to the
practicability of maintaining a submarine line of
telegraphic communication of this length. It
may be interrupted, the wires may be broken by
storms or accident. I know it is said that the
bottom of the ocean is hardly ever disturbed by
storms. Whether this be so or not I do not know.
I have great confidence in the progress and ad-
vancement of human ingenuity and science; but
I doubt extremely whether this line can be main-
tained if it be put down. If it were offered to us
without price, it would be so detrimental to us
that I think we should not take it even as a
gratuity.
As a Wfer measure, in which view this bill has
been presented, I have no confidence in the pro-
ject. It seems to me to be idle to talk of it as
likely to benefit us in case of war. As far as
Great Britain is concerned, she will need no such
aid in any war in which she may be engaged.
That " bloody old bruiser," that has boxed the
ears of the world for a thousand years, will need
no assistance of this kind in a war with us.
Within my memory I have known her to be en-
gaged in many contests; whetheritresults merely
from a fondness for fighting, or not, I^rinot say.
When I was a boy, she joined Prance and Rus-
sia, and sent a fleet against Turkey, for which
ehe has lately been fighting. Admiral Codrfng-
ton, at Navarino, blew up the Turkish vessels,
and England set up Greece with a King Otho.
Afterwards, by the same sort of interference, she
set up the Belgian Empire, and got a nice little
arrangement fixed up there. At the very time
when she was sustaining the continent of Europe
against the aggressions of the Emperor Napo-
leon I., when she was carrying on the peninsular
war, she, as a sort of byplay, blockaded our
ports, sent her troops here, burned down this
Capitol, and took this very city. Old Jackson
checked them a little at New Orleans on the 8th
of January, 1815, but she fought the battle of
Waterloo on the 18th of June afterwards. No
reverses seem to put an end to her power. Lately,
she has joined Napoleon III., to whip the Rus-
sians, just as she joined the Russians to whip
Napoleon I. By this morning's paper, I per-
ceive she has been bombarding and burning
Canton, as she did in 1842.
Then it seems to me that the idea of talking
of this as a war measure in connection with
Great Britain is a piece of demagogery and non-
sense with which to alarm the people of the
country who are afraid of red-coats and British-
ers. It does very well for newspapers and stump
speeches; but I think there is no sense in it.
England wants no such aid as thfe for war. She
can whip us with or without. She has a navy
more than ten times larger than ours. Her Can-
adian possessions on our borders, though not
remarkable for fertility or resources, are formid-
able in extent of territory. There she has every
facility for attacking us. '
I object to the partnership which this bill pro-
poses. It will be, like the Clayton-Bulwer treaty,
the cause of a quarrel. We shall have Cass against
Clarendon, and Clarendon against Clayton over
again. I speak, allow me to say, with great
reverence of the latter gentleman, now that he has
been reduced to the narrowness of the tomb.
Of him I may say that I hope, in the phrase of
his own profession, Cuju,s est solum, ejus usque^ad
calum. We know that those gentlemen have had
an almost interminable quarrel over that treaty,
appealing not only to the present day but even
to posterity, so as to have the quarrel settled.
Since I have come here it has seemed to me some-
times as if we were making treaties for the pur-
pose of quarreling. There was a quarrel about
the northeastern boundary, and you had the Ash-
burton treaty. Then there wa^ the quarrel over
your northwestern boundary, the time of 54°40',
flunk or fight, until at last, as a gentleman from
Ohio, old Governor Brinkerhoff, said, " Yougave
a part of the territory to the bloody old bruiser."
I am against a partnership between this Gov-
ernment and the British Government for laying
down a line of telegraphic communication be-
tween two British provinces—Ireland and New-
foundland. Will it not be a nice investment for
us ? The British Government will have the con-
trol of it. Having both ends of the line, they
will have the management of the work. It will
be beyond our control. Gentlemen say that m
time of war we can go up to Newfoundland and
take possession of tiusend of the line. That is
well enough to talk about, but the reality might
be different. Remember that when England was
engaged in the continental wars in Europe, she
could spare troops enough to fight us; and,
although we did some very good fighting at the
Thames and at New Orleans, the rest of the war,
everything considered, down to the disaster at
Bladensburg, did not show that we were in a very
good conditionfora war with England. The idea
that this telegraph is to be built by us for the use
of England does not strike me, very favorably. To
ask our assistance by humbugging and buueomb-
ing us, seems to mo to be very much the course
which the boys pursue in patting a dog on the
back to make him fight when he really is not able
to fight. [Laughter.] There is no sense in this
proposition as a war measure; and the partner-
ship proposed appears to me to be a silly one, out
of which no good will grow. The expenditure
of public money for this purpose will be very
foolish.
As the Senator from California has well re-
marked, if we have public money to spare, let it
go for making a connection between the distant
points of our own territory. Let it be used to
connect us with the Pacific. Let it be expended
in the old States. The State of Kentucky has
never received any of the bounties of this Gov-
ernment for her improvement; because, although
a new State, she happened unfortunately not to
be what is called a land State. If we have so
much money to spare, let us spend it in making
a communication from Louisville to Charleston,
or from St. Joseph to Sacramento, or to some
other point in California. Do not let us lay our
money down in the Atlantic ocean—an ocean eon-
trolled by the British navy, which is fifteen times
as large as ours. If this line of telegraph shall
be established, I have wo doubt that the Govern-
ment will be able to obtain whatever information
it wants from Europe. There are in Boston and
New Yorlut portion of our population, un-Attier-
icamzed as I regard them, who are in pai-tnership
with British subjects; and so far as enterprise^
and commerce are concerned, we can get from
them everything we want to know that may come
by this line cheaper than in any other way. Lei.
the line be made, and I will trust to Yankee in-
genuity, Yankee enterprise, and Yankee com-
merce, to transmit whatever intelligence we may
desire. I do not like the idea of this Govern-
ment going into partnership in an enterprise like
this, to lay down a submarine telegraphic line
across the ocean. If it is feasible, no doubt it
will be done by individuals, and then let those
who use it pay for it.
As a war measure I have no conftdcnce in
it. I would not take a partnership with England
in it if it were offered gratuitously, because it
will only be the occasion for another quarrel.
During the short time I have been here, we have
had four or five treaties and- three or four quar-
rels with England. I suppose in the future things
will go on as they have done in the past. The
two nations seem inclined to quarrel with each
other. You would suppose sometimes that a
portion of the public press of this country, and
some of its public men, were actuated by the
idea that their ancestors had been sent from Eng-
land to a foreign penal colony, and that they,
therefore, could never forgive red-coats and Brit-
ishers. On the other side of the water, some of
the papers arc eternally abusing us. I want to
keep out of all partnerships of this sort. There
has been a fuss with England ever since I can
recollect-—a continual berating of each other in
the newspapers; and every now and again we
hear somebody in a stump speech letting out
against British influence. I know that. British
influence is dominant—in fact preeminent almost
the world over. The fabled fights of the gods
themselves do not come up to the efforts made
by England in the recent Crimean war; and she is
hardly out of that before she is in other troubles.
It is not long since she annexed Afghanistan,
and recently she has added another large slice of
territory to her East India possessions. Our
only security is that England wants our cotton
and grain, and cannot get along without them.
She is a good customer to us, and we do not
want to cripple her.
The Canadian army is frequently twenty-five
thousand strong. The British force there is
generally three times the size of our army. The
idea of this project being a war measure is, to
my judgment, ridiculous and nonsensical. To
put your fingers into a partnership, when the
stronger man has both ends of the cord, and the
command of the whole ground with a superior
navy, is a foolish undertaking. If there should
be a quarrel, he will take it away from you, and
you cannot help yourself.
I shall not speak of the amount of money
appropria^jfl by this bill, for I do not regard it
as a very alarming sum. I cannot, however,
agree with my friend from Louisiana [Mr. Ben-
jamin] that it is b mere pittance. I admire the
eloquence of nyy friend from Louisiana. I was
especially pleased with his eulogy upon American
genius and progress. It is a very pretty idea to
bpse a money appropriation upon, that it comes
under the head of encouraging American genius,
and promoting the progress of civilization and
Christianity ! That is all nice enough to talk
about; and I do not pretend to deny that there
is progress. Indeed, things have progressed so
fast and so far, that if Solomon, who said there
was nothing new under the sun, should return
to the earth, and see, a steamboat, a steamship, a
cannon, a newspaper, and a telegraphic wire, he
might for very shame commit suicide. Whatever
might have been his position when on earth, he
would not now be recognized as a man of any
sort of force or power by Biigham Young.
[Laughter.] I know that Rufus Bryan, the old
Shaker at Pleasant Hill, Kentucky, would not
receive him. Probably he might be taken in at
Lebanon, New York.
I have great admiration for the progress of
science and art; but I do notlike to see that made
a cloak for appropriations of the public money,
which are to result in no benefit to the Govern-
