422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
great discovery of the lightning as an agent for
the uses of human society.
The suggestion made by that distinguished and
illustrious American was followed up some fifty
years afterwards by another suggestion and an-
other indication, from another American, and that
was Mr. Samuel F. B. Morse, who indicated to
the American Government the means by which
the lightning could be made to write, and by
which the telegraphic wires could be made to
supply the place of wind and steam for carrying
intelligence.
We have followed out these suggestions of
these eminent Americans hitherto, and I am
sure at a very small cost. Tlie Government of
the United States appropriated $40,000 to test
the practicability of Morse's suggestion; the
#40,000 thus expended established its practica-
bility and its use. Now, there is no person on
the face of the globe who can measure the price
at which, if a reasonable man, he would be
willing to strike from the world the use of the
magnetic telegraph as a means of communication
between different portions of the same country.
This great invention is now to be brought into
its further wider and broader use—the use by
the general society of nations, international use,
the use of the society of mankind. Its benefits
are large—just in proportion to the extent and
scope of its operation. They are not merely
benefits to the Government, but they are benefits
to the citizens and subjects of all nations and of
all States. I think there is not living in the
State of South Carolina, or Tennessee, or Ken-
tucky, or Virginia, a man who would be willing
to have the use of the telegraph dispensed with
or overthrown in reducing the cost of exchange
of his particular products to the markets of the
United States. I think so because of the celerity
with which communication of the state of demand
and supply in a distant market affects the value
of the article in the hands of the producer, and
reduces by so much the cost of the agencies
employed in its sale. Precisely the same thing
which thus happens at home must necessarily
happen when you apply it to more remote mar-
kets in other parts of the world.
I might enlarge further on this subject, but I
forbear to do so, because I know that at some
future time I shall come across the record of what
X have said to-day. I know that then what I have
said to-day, by way of anticipation, will fall so
far short of the reality of the benefits which indi- ■
viduals, States, and nations will have derived
from this great enterprise, that I shall not reflect
upon it without disappointment and mortification.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, the opposition :
to this measure is to mo entirely unexpected.- No
one, however, has made an objection that there
is any want of constitutional power, nor that this
is not a legitimate object for our Government.
Every objection which has been made resolves
itself into one of expediency; and upon that of ;
course there may be a variety of opinions. It is
true that the termini of this telegraphic line will;
be within the dominions of Great Britain exclu- ,
sively. It is true that withholding tips appro- '
pnation on the part of our Government will not ;
put an end to this telegraphic communication, '•
provided it be practicable. It will be established;
it will go into operation; and it will be a tremen-
dous instrument in the hands of some one to affect
the most vital interests of this country. It will
put into the hands of those who have the exclu-
sive control of it ten days' information in advance
of all the community, with regard to the markets :
of the European world. When I say that, I say '
everything that can be said to convey to the mind :
the vast importance of this communication, if it1
shall be successful. Then what is the question '
here? It is simply a question whether we, now I
that we have an opportunity, shall, by the appro- -
priation of $70,000 per annum, be placed upon a
footing of perfect equality with the Government
of Great Britain, within whose dominions will be :
the two termini of this line; and whether our citi- -
zens shall have an equal advantage and an equal [
right with the subjects of Great Britain, or any I
Other country in the world? Can there be two !
opinions on that point' Is it possible that the 1
appropriation called for by this bill can be placed !
by any one who looks at the vast interests that j
may be invoked, into the opposite scale, to weigh I
down the merits of this bill ? !
Sir, I am surprised at the course which some
of my friends have pursued on this subject. The
object of this appropriation is to communicate
instantaneously with England by our Govern-
ment, and very briefly, or at least in a short
period, with all the Governments of Europe, cer-
tainly in time of peace, and possibly, and prob-
ably, in time of war. It is moreover to secure to
the commerce, the agriculture, and every other
interest of this country, an instantaneous com-
munication with the whole civilized world on the
other continent. Now, how is it possible that
there can be any diversity of opinion with regard
to the expediency of such a measure ? If it be
constitutional, if it be to promote a legitimate ob-
ject under the charge of this Government, (and
that it is no one doubts,) if the appropriation be a
small one, and be connected with interests of such
vast magnitude, I am at a loss to discover how
any gentleman can be opposed to this bill. I shall
vote for it cheerfully, and shall record my vote,
and trust that it will be remembered as a vote that
I have given upon this subject.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I do not in-
tend to detain the Senate at this late hour on the
merits of this bill; but after the amendment sub-
mitted by the Senator from Ohio shall be disposed
of, I desire to propose a modification of one of
the clauses of the bill, which I consider essential.
I cannot, for my own part, appreciate the objec-
tions taken to this measure on the part of those
who consider that it involves the interests of this
country m the event of a war. It is a proposi-
tion springing from a private company, on the
face of the papers, who have proposed to the
Government of Great Britain to aid them in the*
construction of a yet untried project of establish-
ing a submarine telegraph between the British
possessions in North America and England
proper. It is, of course, a hazardous undertak-
ing.- There is no certainty in it; and it is not
unnatural, under these circumstances, that indi-
viduals should desire to see at least on what terms
they are to stand with the Governments of the
two countries most deeply interested, in the event
of the success of their enterprise. Their propo-
sition, m the first place, asks nothing unless the
enterprise succeeds, except that the Government
will take the soundings or verify the soundings
already taken, and in the event of these sound-
ings proving the former ones to be accurate, that
they will suffer their vessels to be employed in
lay-rag down this telegraphic wire. That is the
proposition. The British Government have ac-
cepted it only to a limited extent. They agree,
not in a contract, but in their acceptance, that
they will enter into a contract for the purpose of
affording aid in verifying the soundings, and will
give a favorable consideration to a proposition to
afford such aid as the Government may see fit in
< laying down the wire. The expense, therefore,
| will be very trivial in this respect to our country
by .entering into a similar agreement.
If this were a war measure—if it looked to war,
or was connected with war as a consequent ill
the eye of the Government of Great Britain,
does any gentleman suppose that Government
would, for a consideration of $70,000 additional,
which is the amount of expenditure here, or even
$i00,000 additional, pause for a moment in se-
curing the control of a measure which looked to
its interests in the event of war? If it is of such
formidable moment to her in the event of war,
and would throw us into such an inequality in a
contest of that kind, is it possible to suppose
that Great Britain, having the termini of the line
in her own dominions, would not at once, if she
looked to it in that point of view, secure to her-
self the control of this formidable engine foj;
purposes of offense in war? In my judgment it
is not so looked to; and I think gentlemen exag-
gerate the importance of this telegraph in tl?e
supposable event of war taking place between
Great Britain and the United States, although I
admit unhesitatingly that its construction would !
tend to the prevention of the probability of a war i
of that kind. I think it must be so viewed by I
the Government of Great Britain; but I am at |
a loss to perceive to what great extent she could i
avail herself of its advantages after war had com-
menced. Be that as it may, however, it is very
certain that the telegraph will be made, if it is
practicable, whether we pass this bill, and enter j
into this arrangement securing us the right that
we secure to ourselves by it, or not. If it is,
made without our aid, are we not in the same
condition? Do gentlemen suppose that an ex-
pense of $70,000 a year will prevent the making
of this telegraph if Great Britain considers it
important to her interests in peace and war? She
pays now #900,000 a year for the transportation
of the mails between the United States and Eng-
land. Do you suppose #70,000 a year is a sum
which will make her pause if, on consideration,
she presumes it will be of great benefit to her in
the event of war, or even in peace ?
I hold it to be certain that this telegraph wire,
if practicable, will be laid, whether we consent
to it or not. Are we not better off—is it not a
fair arrangement to us if it secures to our Gov-
ernment, as a Government, means of communi-
cation with our agents in Europe during time of
peace, although all means are cut off in the event
of war? Are the terms asked too great? There
is nothing asked in the first instance except the
ordinary use of the vessels of the Navy. You
can comply with that with only a trivial expense;
and it is only in the event of the service being
successful that you are to pay $70,000, if the
proceeds of the company do not amount to six
per cent.; and if they do, you are only to pay
§50,000. That is all you are to pay for the ex-
clusive right in connection with the Government
of Great Britain, of the prior transmission of in-
telligence that may be deemed important by your
agents in Europe, or by your Government hers
to your agents there, to the exclusion of the pub-
lic at large.
Is not that of immense importance to the Gov-
ernment of this country? Is it not of sufficient
importance to justify an expenditure of $50,000
a year? In my judgment, it would justify an
expenditure of five times the sum, rather than
forego the disadvantages which you would be
placed under by excluding yourselves from this
right, which is all the right granted to Great
Britain, and which the Government of Great •
Britain, when the proposition was made, at once
accepted? I confess. I think the terms of their
acceptance are in a spirit of entire liberality to
this country, securing as they do to this Govern-
ment, as well as to the Government of Great
Britain, equal rights throughout. I see no cause
for jealousy here. I see no cause in this case,
whatever there may have been in others, to im-
pute to the Government of Great Britain a desire
to take any advantage from the construction of
this submarine telegraph. The terms are offered,
and the answers are before you. After saying
what she is willing to pay, she stipulates (and
these are the only things material to us) that the
British Government is to have priority in the con-
veyance of messages over all others, except the
Government of the United States; and that as
between her and the Government of the United
States, the rule is to be, the message, when re-
ceived, shall be first transmitted.
In these stipulations I think there is one defect;
but I have no doubt that, under this bill as ori-
ginally framed, the Executive, in making a con-
tract with these parties, would take care to remedy
that defect. You have now, however, by one of
the amendments to the bill, if I am not mistaken,
bound him so that he cannot do so. One of the
provisions is:
Provided further. That the contract to be made with the
British Government shall npt be different from that already
proposed by that Government to the IVew York, Newfound-
land, and London Telegraph Company.
We have that proposition before us. It makes
no stipulation as to the mode of the transmission
of the messages of the Government. In my judg-
ment, it is essential to the security of each Gov-
ernment that they should have a right to transmit
their mess through their own agents; and the
object of my amendment will be to prevent that
clause from excluding, in any contract made by
the .Executive of the .United States, the right to
provide that the messages transmitted by each
Government, under contract, may be transmitted
by its own agents. I think that essential. I
should be unwilling to trust a diplomatic message
to any but the agents of the Government. I pre-
sume the Government of Great Britain entertains
the same feeling.
But you trammel the President unnecessarily
to the terms of the mere proposal on the part of
Great Britain. You go too much into executive
