1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m,
detail in the restrictions imposed by the clause
which has been added to this bill, and, unless the
amendment which I have ■suggested be adopted,
1 do not think I can vote for the bill, because I
think it essential to its operation that the Gov-
ernment should have the right to transmit its own
messages through its own agents. If you send
it in cipher, ciphers can be deciphered by inge-
nuity. But you should have your own agents at
each end of the line, appointed by the Govern-
ment, or you may make them appointed by the
President, by and with the consentof the Senate,
so as to secure fidelity, and fidelity would be of
the utmost importance in reference to messages
of this kind to bo of any use to our Government.
With this modification I can vote for the bill.
I can see no disadvantages arising to our country
in time of war under this bill that will not neces-
sarily follow if you do not enter into some ar-
rangement with this company. By refusing it
you lose all the advantages you would obtain,
and you avoid none of the evils which are feared,
for you cannot prevent the construction of this
line by refusing the appropriation here asked for.
I think, when the amendments already added to
the bill come to be printed, you w.ill find some of
them are conflicting. The defect is, that there is
too much of detail. You ought to trust a little
more discretion to your Executive, putting only
proper limitation oil his authority. You cannot
undertake, in legislation, to prescribe the precise
terms of the contract, and if you do you willget
the matter confused..
I hope the amendments will be printed before
the bill is finally passed; but I trust the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio will be rejected,
because i# is idle to suppose that the Government
of Great Britain will ever assent to that. It im-
plies on its face a want of faith in her. It asks
from her what no nation would be willing to yield
as to her own undoubted territory—a neutral-
ization in time of war of her own unquestioned
territory, where she has absolute dominion. This
bill is a measure that does not look to war. I do
not doubt that the Government of Great Britain
would reject at once such a proposition, and the
result of the adoption of the amendment will be
to exclude the Government of the United States
entirely from having any means of communica-
tion, by preference, other than any individuals
of the country would enjoy, and that, to the
Government, would be nugatory in regard to the
transmission of intelligence by this telegraph, in
case the experiment be successful.
Mr. POSTER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the final passage of this bill, when the ques-
tion shall be taken.
Mr. STUART. The question now is on the
amendment.
Mr. BIGGS. I do not rise for the purpose of
•discussing the question; but I understood that
the honorable Senator torn Ohio has modified
his amendment this morning, and I ask that the
amendment, as modified, be read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. BRIGGS. I am very strongly inclined
against the policy, which has, to some extent,
prevailed, of the United States entering into treaty
stipulations with Great Britain for the neutraliza-
tion of territory on this continent. If the pro-
posed amendment is to extend that policy, my
convictions are of such a decided character that
I must vote against it.
Mr.- PUGH. Prom the indications already
given in the Senate, it is vain to expect that the
amendment will be adopted; and I ask leave to
withdraw it, particularly as the Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Foster] wishes to have the
yeas and nays on the final passage of the bill,
and" as my objections will not be cured, even by
the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. I offer the following amend-
ment. To add to the bill:
Except such provision as may be necessary to secure to
each Government the transmission of its own messages by
Its own agents.
So that the proviso .will read:
Provided further, That the contract to be made by the
British Government shall not be different from that already
proposed by that Government to the New York, Newfound-
land, and London Telegraph Company, except such pro-
vision as may be necessary, 8cc.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I thought the Senator
who moved that amendment had also proposed
a reference of the bill to the committee, who might
consider the original bill as well as the amend-
ment. There are certainly divers amendments
necessary to the bill before it shall pass. I will
point out one. The bill reads:
Provided, That the tariff of prices for the use of such
submarine communication by the public shall be fixed by
the Secretary ol* the Treasury of the United States, and
the Government of Great Britain, or its authorized agent."
Upon reading it my construction was, seeing
that the officers of the two Governments were
to exercise this power of fixing the prices to the
public, that it was intended (o be confined to the
communications of the two Governments. I un-
derstand, however, that the intention of the
framer of the bill was, that the authority should
extend to fixing the rates of communication to
everybody who should make communication by
this telegraph; but certainly this language is of
too equivocal a character to stand m the bill.
Communications by the public we understand as
distinct from communications by individuals;
and they would .be left, therefore, without any
remedy for extortion that might be practiccd on
them by the company. I think it ought to be
made much more explicit on tiiis subject, and it
would be much more explicit by simply leaving
out the words " by the public." The phrase
" tariff of prices for the use of such submarine
communication," is not of itself a very proper
expression. It should be " the tariff' of prices
for the use of such line for all submarine com-
munication, shall be fixed by the Secretary of
the Treasury," leaving out the words " by the
public." That may be understood in a restricted
sense.
Mr. RUSK. Strike out the words, " by the
public," and any " by all persons."
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Or " all submarine com-
munication." ( only want the general idea to
include everybody.
Mr. RUSK. Then instead of " by the public,"
say "by all persons."
Mr. SEWARD. The word " persons" might
not include " Governments." If the Senate will
listen to me a moment I will show that there is no
possibility of misapprehending the bill in this re-
spect. Ihe bill provides that the contract shall
not be different from that which has been already
proposed by the British Government. Here is the
contract which is proposed by the British Gov-
ernment, and which is referred to in the bill:
"The British Government, from the time ot'tlie comple-
tion of the hue, and so lonjj an it shall continue in working
order, undertakes to pay at the rate of (JS1 1,000) fourteen
thousand pounds a year, buin^ at the rate of four per cent,
on tlie assumed capital, as a fixed remuneration for the
wo I k done on behalf ol'the Government, in the eouveyance
outward and homeward of llieir messages. Tins payment
to continue until the net profits of tiie company are equal
to a dividend ol six pounds per cent., when the payment
shall be reduced to (£ 10,000) ten thousand pounds a year,
for aperiod of twenty-five years."
So much for Government messages. Then the
contract proceeds:
" It is, however, understood that if the Governuient mes-
sages m any year shall, at the Ubiial tariff rate charged to
the public, amount to a larger sum, such additional pay-
ment shall be made as is equivalent thereto."
The bill is confined to the contract, which dis-
tinguishes between tiie messages of the Govern-
ments and those of tlie public. I am willing, how-
ever to cover this by an amendment, though it is
a verbal criticism.
Mr. BUTLER. I think the word " public"
is the true word to answer the purpose intended.
When we invite the public we invite all Govern-
ments or persons. I think " public" is the proper
word.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I move that this bill
be recommitted to the Committee on the Post
©ffice and Post Roads, with the amendments,
and they will then have an opportunity of super-
vising the bill altogether, which I think requires
amendment.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Dela-
ware.
Mr. SEWARD. I have no objection to that
amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I should be glad to see
this line of communication established; I should
be glad to see it pervade the whole world. I
think it would be of advantage to mankind if
these lines of communication could be estab-
lished everywhere., so as to reach civilized man
in every position in which he is placed on the
globe, so that they .should pervade .the wliole
system just as our nerves and sinews ptirvada
the human body. I think it would have a great
tendency to the advance of mankind, and con-
tribute greatly to a general sensibility all over
the world, that we might knowall that was doing
in every part of the earth—the right and the
wrong, to feel for each other, to make mankind
move all together and in harmony with the
events of the age in which they live. This is a
very general view of the subject, to be sure, but
it embraces this scheme as well as all others
having a tendency to the accomplishment of that
great purpose. If it could be accomplished to
the whole extent contemplated, it would produce
a new era in the world, a new feeling, a new sen-
timent among mankind. It would erect a sort
of standard for the feelings and thoughts of man-
kind. I should like to see this part of it estab-
lished. Whether this bill proposes the right
mode for doing it, is another question.
Gentlemen are apprehensive of the^ improper
uses which Governments, when standing in the
relation of belligerents to each other, might make
of it, and of the mischievous purposes which
they might accomplish by means of this telegraph.
I think this is regarding a great subject too nar-
rowly; but what does it show.' If there is any-
thing in the objection, does it not show that the
less Governments have to do with this mode of
communication the better? If the objection is,
that Governments may use this for unfriendly
purposes, I think it shows that the less Govern-
ments have to do with it the better, except simply
for the purpose of aiding by contributions in the
accomplishment of the work. I want to see it
popular in till its characteristics and equalities
and facilities, and under no obligation, bound by
no annuity, and bound by no interest to the
Government.
I would agree to let them use a ship to assist
in laying down the wire. I would agree to con-
tribute a sum in money, if it be shown to be neces-
sary. I would even go that ilr; but I do not
want any of these entangling alliances, as they
have been well called, about this matter. Gov-
ernments will be involved in controversy by them.
If they have nothing to do with it, they will have
no controversy. I understand there is no diffi-
culty in England, which abounds in wealth, in
getting all the money subscribed on private ac-
count necessary to the accomplishment of this
work. Why not leave it to bo so accomplished
II will be then covered by its own interest. The
interest of the parties will govern it; and how?
By opening its communications as widely as
possible for all the world. Nw Government,
then, will interfere to suppress this or that com-
munication. When left to operate according to
the interests of the company, it will operate on
the principle that is to render it most useful to
mankind at large, and give it most confidence.
1 am unwilling to enter into any of these stip-
ulations to pay forty or fifty or sixty thousand
dollars for any number of years; I am perfectly
willing that our citizens and our Government
shall pay fairly and fully for all the uses we may
make of this submarine communication. The
interest of the world is promoted by it, freed from
all conditions, from all restrictions to be imposed
by the Government. Let who will use it, and pay
the price which is agreed upon for using it. That
eeems to mc to be the broad, general, catholic
ground on which this subject ought to be placed.
I am willing to aid them by the loan of a ship,
and I would be willing to go further. I would ba
willing, in this great enterprise for the benefit of
all the world, and especially for the benefit pf our
own country, to contribute money towards its
accomplishment; but none of this complicated
bargaining beforehand.
This company have undertaken the accom-
plishment of this work; and for all I know they
are perfectly competent to carry through and ac-
complish their work. When accomplished m
that way, I think it is much more desirable, and
likely to be much more useful to the world, than
if it rose up under thepatronage of Governments
who may regulate and control it, and use it up
for hostile or bad purposes, and give to one or
to another an advantage. I want to exclude ell
such ideas. It is an institution created by a
