428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
V
January 22,
a disclosure; and having done that, it places at
the control of the sovereign power of Parliament,
every fact that exists in the bosom of every man
bound by his high duty to contribute everything
in his knowledge to the protection and purity of
the public; it compels him by high coercive power
to disclose fairly and freely everything touching
his own honor, his own dignity—yea, his own
life, under ordinary proceedings of law. And
upon this point, I beg leave to read from a very
good summary of parliamentary law, what is
said upon that subject, that the House may not
take it upon my simple statement. I read from
Gushing's Law, who cites precedents from the
Journals of Parliament and Hansard's Debates:
- " It has already been seen, that a witness before either
House of Parliament cannot excuse himself from answer-
ing any question that may be put to him, (with a single ex-
ception presently to be noticed,) on the ground that the
answer would subject hini to an action; or expose him to
a cnimnal proceeding; or be the means of divulging the
secrets of his client communicated to him in professional
confidence ; or be in breach of a judicial oath, as a grand-
juror ; or of a voluntary oath, as a freemason, or the like ;
some of which would be sufficient grounds of excuse m a
cotut of justice. This difference between proceedings 111
Parliament and in the ordinaly courts, has been established
upon grounds of public policy, and is considered to be fun-
damentally essential to the efficiency of a parliamentary
inquiry. But while the law of Parliament thus demands the
disclosure of the evidence, it recognizes to the fullest ex-
tent, the principle upon which the witness is excusedfrom
making such disclosure in the ordinary courts of justice,
and pibti'cts him against the consequences winch might
otUciwise result from Ins testimony ; the rule of Parliament
being, that no evidence given m cither House can be used
against the witness m any other place, without the permis-
sion of the House, which is never granted, provided the
witness testifies truly."
"In the House of Lords, although the same power clearly
exist? to compel the answer of a witness to criminate him-
self, and although the rule above mentioned is recognized,
namely, that evidence taken at the bar cannot be used
against a witncs«, yet, as such evidence may lead to the
discovery of other evidence, sufficient to convict them, the
protection alfoidcd by the rule alluded to does not seem to
be regarded as adequate ; and it has accoidingly been the
practice for many years, when the evidence of such wit-
nesses is about to be taken, to pass an act (which is of
course agiced to by the Commons) tomdemnitythermnthe
fullest manner agamst the consequences of their evidence."
And the rule of the House of Commons is:
"The parliamcntaiv law on this subject 1^ declared and
embodic / in the follow in® i evolutions or the House of Com-
mons of May 20. 1818. namely: fh&t, 'that all witiifvses
cxntmned beiore this Uou.>e. or any committee thereof, are
entitled to the protection of this House, in respect of any-
thing that maybe said by them ni then evidence;' and,
second,' that no clerk orofficei of this House, or short hand
writer employed to take minutes of evidence beioie tins
Hou>e, or any committee theieof, do not give evidence
elsewhere, in respect of any pioceedmg or examination had
at the bar, or befoie any committee of this House, without
the special leave of the House.* "
Therefore, it will be seen, that we only desire
to reenact the common law of the Pailiainent of
England, which now, in my judgment, is the com-
mon law of this House, on which I should be
willing to vote. But I do not care to risk—the
committee do not care to risk—this great investi-
gation upon any diversity of legal opinion on the
part of gentlemen of this House, and therefore
they have come frankly before the House, and
ask that, by a statute iaw of the Union, every
difficulty shall be removed, and every witness
shall be compelled to answer—that judicial pro-
ceedings shall coerce the truth. And, on the one
hand, that the witness shall be free from all diffi-
culty by reason of his subjecting himself to a
criminal prosecution; and, on the other hand, that
he shall not have the cover of saying thathe can-
not answer questions for fear he may criminate
himself.
Sir, this investigation can lead to no result, if
witnesses are allowed to come before the com-
mittee and say that they have had arrangements
with members of Congress, but they cannot reveal
them without, on the one hand, violating an illegal
confidence, and on the other hand subject them-
selves to punishment under the law of 1853.
If, therefore, the House is earnestly and hon-
estly desirous that this investigation shall go to
the bottom, and that the committee shall be
enabled to do as they desire to do, either to dis-
* prove infamous slanders cast upon the House, or
to prove their truth, and fix them upon the guilty
parties, we now call upon the House to show
their earnestness by removing the difficulties that
stuhd at the threshold of the investigation and
arrest the possibility of any progress.
Kow, as to the difficulty presented by the gen-
tleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Quitman,] we
are dealing with constitutional law, with muni'
cipal and criminal law, and the language of the
Constitution is to be interpreted according to the
common law signification of the language used.
The language there used is that no party, in any
criminal proceeding shall be compelled to give
evidence against himself. It is plain, therefore,
that that clause only applies to a case of a party
indicted for crime—himself a defendant on the
record, the party prosecuted—and in that pro-
ceeding he shall not be called upon or coerced to
give testimony in that prosecution which shall
lead to a judgment against him. And that, sir,
I undertake to say, has been the uniform and
universal interpretation of that language of the
Constitution; and the portion of the law which
we are now dealing with is not a constitutional
immunity conferred on any citizen. It is merely
a rule of law adopted by the courts for the pro-
tection of the party, which rule of law is only a
portion of the common law of England copied into
our statutes, or enforced by custom, subject at any
moment to be modified by the courts according
to their opinion, and by the statute law according
to the opinion of the legislative body. It has no
relation to any constitutional provision relieving
the party from coercive testimony against him-
self in judicial proceedings.
Still further. Having met the difficulties on
these legal grounds, I say further, that it has no
relation to a proceeding of this kind at all, be-
cause if the rule of the law, which protects a
witness from giving evidence, which in another
criminal proceeding might be used as eviilcnce
against himself, had any relation to that clause
of the Constitution, then this enactment is for
the precise purpose of relieving the party from
legal prosecution. The very purpose of the
enactment is to grant him a pardon beforehand;
to protect him against all judicial proceedings;
to repeal—as far as his case is concerned—every
criminal enactment under which he might have
been previously held guilty; and, on the other
hand, it disables every instrument of evidence
from carrying into a court of justice the facts
which he may here have exposed: so that,
although the Constitution should be construed to
apply to a rule of testimony existing under the
common law, this is in entire conformity to the
Constitution even so construed, by relieving the
party from all legal proceedings by which he
j could be convicted. Ho is, therefore, neither
constrained here to give evidence against himself
in a judicial proceeding in which he is defendant,
nor to give evidence which may be used in any
judicial proceeding which may hereafter be insti-
tuted. It is relieving him from prosecution, com-
pelling him to testify—repealing the criminal law
so faras he is concerned, and giving the investiga-
j tions of this House free course. I think, sir, we
! are free from constitutional objections. Why,
' sir, it is the law of England—a law binding on
each House of Parliament, binding them as the
Constitution binds us—that no defendant there in
a criminal proceeding shall be compelled to crim-
inate himself. And yet there it is the ordinary
law of Parliament "that the party shall be com-
pelled to testify. The two rules stand in entire
conformity. They look to different purposes.
They look to different forums—to different sub-
jects of legal piocedure. They stand together—
the one with the other; and the great constitu-
tional principle is untouched by a law which
compels the party to tell the facts, although they
may show that he has been infamous—although
they may show that he has been guilty of crime;
but at the same time it repeals the criminal law,
and disables those facts which the party has dis-
j closed from being given in evidence against him
which would tend to criminate him.
Now that is the whole provision of the law*
proposed by the committee. They have consid-
ered it with all the deliberatencss they could
employ; and they regard it as coming directly
within the purpose for which they have been
appointed. It is their remedy, pioposcd for the
I great evil of parliamentary corruption. Expo-
j sure is the remedy: punishment is the remedy:
| and exposure and punishment are impossible, so
I long as the men who hang around the lobbies of
this House shall one day tender the bribe and
the next day say they cannot criminate them-
selves. I call, therefore, on the House, by their
sense of consistency—by the good faith and hon-
esty with which they have omened this invests
gation—unless there be some grave reason why
this protection should not be given to this body,
that they now pass this law. Modify it, amend
it; but give us a law which will accomplish this
purpose, and let us lay before the House the facta
which do exist.
* Mr. WASHBURN", of Maine. I understand
that the motion before the House is to refer this
bill to the Committee on the Judiciary: and, sir,
if that committee can have authority to report
back at an early day, so as to socure speedy ac-
tion upon the bill, I hope that motion will prevail.
I had an impression this morning, when I came
here, that I should vote for this bill as it was,
rather than that it should fail; but I must say
that, on examining it, 1 have some misgivings in
reference to some of its provisions, and I hope
that it will be committed to the Committee on the
Judiciary, that they may examine it carefully,
modify it and amend it if necessary, and make
it what it should be in order to accomplish the
objects of the bill, which I take to be to secure
the purity of this House without violating the
rights of the citizen. I want that committee to
examine and inquire, in the first place, whether
jurisdiction over the offense to be declared is
given with sufficient clearness and precision to
any judicial tribunal? Statutes of this kind are
construed strictly, and it may admit of question
whether the bill, as it now stands, would not
wholly fail to accomplish its purpose. The bill
provides that a party offending may be indicted
as for a misdemeanor before any court having
jurisdiction thereof. Is this equivalent to saying
that the offense is a misdemeanor, cognizable by
any court having power to try misdemeanors?
I agree with the special committee that it is
important that some bill of this kind—an effective
and stringent bill, too—should be passed. The
character of the House demands it: and I believe
that great good will be accomplished if there shall
be power given to committees to make their in-
vestigations full and thorough, and which will
enable it to elicit all the facts m the case.
But, Mr. Speaker, I do not desire that any bill
shall be passed—I do not intend to vote for any
bill—which shall be inconsistent with the consti-
tutional rights of the American citizcn. And I
wish the Committee on the Judiciary to inquire
' whether this hill would be inconsistentwith,and
in derogation of the fourth article of the amend-
ments, which provides that the right of the peo-
ple to be secure in their person, houses, papers,
and effects against unreasonable searches and
seizures, shall not be violated. I would have the
Committee on the Judiciary inquire whether,
under the summons of a committee, or the war-
rant of the Speaker, you may not^cause to be
done, should this bill become a law, what the
Constitution prohibits?—whether, in fact,a more
effective seizure of papers could be had in any
way than under the form of this bill, by which
parties may be compelled to produce and exhibit
all their private papers under penalty of a year's
imprisonment? And, sir, if you may impose this
punishment, you may a greater, and make the
imprisonment for ten years or for life.
Mr. STEPHENS. Read the latter part of the
fourth clause.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, (reading:)
"And no warrant shall i=sue but upon probable cause,
supported by oatii or affirmation, and particularly describ-
ing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to
be seized."
Unreasonable searches and seizures are not
to be made, nor are any to be made without war-
rant upon probable cause, supported by oath or
affirmation. Are you not by this bill dispensing
with the conditions and requirements of the Con-
stitution, and endeavoring to obtain the posses-
sion of private papers without warrant issued upon
probable cause, and supported by oath or affirm-
ation r
The second section of the bill declares that no
person summoned as a witness shall be excused
from answering a question for the reason that his
answer would criminate himself; and provides
that he shall be exempt from punishment for any
offense which he may testify that he has com-
mitted, and that on trial for such offense in any
court in the country such evidence shall not be
used against him. .
Now, suppose that before a committee of tms
Hou.se it shall be disclosed by a witness that he
