1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
429
has committed forgery in the State of New York,
and that he is indicted in one of the courts of that
State for such offense, I ask whether'Congress
can prevent his admissions here from being given
in evidence there? Has Congress the power over
States and State courts which such legislation
■would imply? Has it power to determine what
shall or shall not be crimes in the jurisdictions
of the several States, or what shall or shall not
be received as evidence in their courts in the trial
of crimes against their own local laws, and com-
mitted within their jurisdictions?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask the gentle-
man from Maine to allow me to interrupt him for
a moment, to say that, on consultation, the com-
mittee instruct me to say that they are willing,
with the consent of the House, to substitute
"common jail" for "penitentiary" in the bill,
and to ad opt as an additional section the amend-
ment suggested by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Letcher,] that the Speaker of the House
and President of the Senate shall certify to the
court any failure of a witness to testify.
The section was read by the Clerk, as follows:
''Sec.3. Jl)id he it farther enacted, That when a witness
shall fail to testify as piovuled in the previous sections of
thi- lull, uml the faotd slial) be reported to the House, it
shall be the duty of the vSpeaker of this House, or the Presi-
d  nt of the Senate, to certify the fact, under the seal of the
House or Senate, to the District Attorney for the District
of Columbia, whose duty it shall be to bring the matter be-
fore the grand jury for their action."
Mr. WASHBURN,   Maine. Although
Congress should enact that no declaration a wit-
ness shall make before a committee of this House
shall be used in any court of law in any State of
the Union, would such a provision be binding
Upon the State courts, or call Congress override
or abolish their local laws and rules of evidence ?
I have not risen to detain the House for any
length of time. I am anxious that a bill shall be
passed, and passed immediately, for the purpose
of forcing witnesses to answer. I know that
such a law is necessary. But I want to pass a
just bill—just to the House, to the States, and to
the citizen. I hope the pending bill will be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, with
the right on their part to report at any time.
Mr. TAYLOR. The gentleman from Maine,
as one of his objections to this bill, states that if
it be passed, any person making declarations
before this House, or any of its committees, will,
in case of a criminal prosecution against him, be'
liable under State law, if those declarations can
be proved, to conviction. Let me ask that mem-
ber whether it is not law in every State of this
Union, that no compulsory confession of a witness
can be produced in evidence against him ? "Would
not, under the law of the land, such declarations
everywhere be excluded?
Mr. WASH BURN, of Maine. The bill im-
plies the reverse; but, as I have stated, I do not
wish to occupy the time of the House. I desire
that the bill may be acted on speedily, anjj such
a law made as will accomplish the objects which
I-presume the special committee have in view.
Mr. GROW. I do not rise to prolong this dis-
cussion. It seems to me to be premature. After
a few preliminary remarks, I propose to call for
the previous question, unless I understand that
other days are to be set apart for territorial busi-
ness, in lieu of the two that have been consumed
by the pending question of privilege.
It seems to me that we are discussing a ques-
tion which should go properly before the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary for its action. The best
evidence of this is the fact that, on yesterday, the
special committee reported a bill which they, in
their virtuous indignation, wished to pass imme-
diately, no matter what personal rights wore
trampledon, nomattcrwhoseliberfy wasinvaded,
regardless of all the safeguards thrown around
our legislation—to pass in five minutes, without
examination, though the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. H Marshall] moved its reference
to the Committee on the Judiciary, that the House
might know what it was acting on, and that to-
day, after a night's reflection, they bring another"'
bill here, modifying that already pending. This
is the best evidence why this suhject should he
sent for investigation to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. ORR. And thus defeat the investigation.
_ Mr. GROW. Let that committee have the
right to report at any time. We shall know then
what we are acting on. The right of an individ-
ual citizen is of as much importance as anything
else. And when the committee reports a bill to
overturn the law of evidence and the common law
doctrine of personal liberty, I do not think it
should be passed ill the hurly-burly of a five min-
utes'debate. Let it go to the appropriate com-
mittee first for investigation. Shall a citizen be
compelled to stand before the public, and blast his
own reputation,and the common law be violated—
that law we have been taught to regard from our
cradles as the great bulwark of the citizen against
the encroachments of the Government?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The purpose of
the committee is not to repeal, but to reenact or
set forth the existing provisions of common law.
Mr. GROW. I do not rise to discuss the merits
of the bill. I give my reasons why this bill should
be referred to the appropriate committee. I take
it that neither the virtue of this House nor the
virtue of the country will suffer by a few days'
delay. Why hasten through this legislation,
which may affect unjustly the personal rights of
American citizens? Why not let it take the
usual course ? Because members of Congress are
charged with corruption, why hurry the legisla-
tion now proposed by the special committee?
Are not the rights of individual ci tizens of as much
consequence, and as much entitled to our protec-
tion,, as our own reputations? If new laws of
evidence for the courts of the United States were
proposed, no member would agree to their pas-
sage without examination.
Now, I make the appeal which I made yester-
day to the House—for I am not disposed to pro-
long this discussion, and to consume the tune
which has been set apart by the order of the
House for other purposes. I ask the House to
set apart two days, in order to carry out in good
faith the order of the House ill reference to terri-
torial business. The House set apart three days
for the consideration of that business. Yester-
day was consumed by this privileged matter, and
to-day will be consumed upon it; and unless two
other days shall be set apart, I shall be compelled
to call the previous question. If that time can
be set apart, I have no disposition to do so.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania can only be received
now by unanimous consent.
Mr. LETCf-IER. I object.
Mr. GROW. Then I call the previous ques-
tion, in order that we may have some time left to
devote to territorial business.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I appeal to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to withdraw that call,
and not interfere with freedom of speech.
Mr. GROW. 1 am in favor of freedom of
speech; but when this question shall be decided,
the gentleman can speak upon some other sub-
ject.
Mr. STANTON. I want to know precisely
what the question is.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the motion to refer to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I shall move that that
committee have leave to report at any time.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Kentucky
says it is a matter of courtesy that he should be
heard. I will withdraw the call for the previous
question if he will renew it.
Mr. WALKER. I rise to a question of order.
Is it the right of gentlemen to make any bargains
in reference to the floor?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not recog-
nize any bargain between gentlemen.
Mr. GROW. Has the gentleman from Ken-
tucky the floor?
The SPEAKER. He has.
Mr. GROW. Then I withdraw the demand
for the previous question, trusting to the gentle-
man from Kentucky to renew it.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. My motion to refer
this bill to the Committee on [he Judiciary was
induced not merely by the fact that such is the
ordinary course of legislation and that this bill j
proposes a general law, but was especially the i
result of rny own examination of the particular !
provisions of this bill. It may be that *the en- 1
lightened select committee, whose measure it is,
have paid especial attention to the subject so far
as they had time and opportunity; but it must
be apparent to the House, from their own pro-
posals to amend it this morning, that they could
scarcely have deliberated maturely upon its struo-
ture, when they presented it yesterday in-another
form It may be true, indeed I think .jM'obably
it is true, that some general law of descrip-
tion is called for; but when such a law is passed
by Congress its provisions should' be specially
guarded, and the exact range of its operation, as
well as its harmony with existing laws, should
have been matured by the legislator. I do not like
this bill, because in the first section you propose,
that if " any person shall lefuse to testify upon
any matter, or upon any subjoct, before a con-
gressional committee, such person shall be sub-
ject to indictment and sentence of fine and im-
prisonment, at the discretion of a jury, within
specified limits—the fine from §100 to §1,000; the
imprisonment from one month to twelve months.
Such generality confounds all the guilty, by fail-
ing to discriminate as to the reasons existing for
the refusal, oras to the circumstanccs under which
it occurs. The bill proposes to punish equally
the Cabinet officer and the culprit who may have
insulted the dignity of this House by an attempt
to corrupt a Representative of the people. It con-
founds the witness who may refuse to disclose
a political combination made for party purposes,
and which Congress might choose to investigate,
equally with the man who infests the Capitol to
drive his selfish schemes by efforts to degrade
public officers through appeals to their venality.
I submit to the House whether, when a general,
law is framed, distinctions should not be wisely
drawn between the occasions upon which a wit-
ness stands recusant, as well as upon the subjects
on which such recusancy may occur. As an
example of the amendments which w'ould im-
prove the bill, the following is one I have drawn,
and which I would propose, at a proper time, in
the fust section, to wit; after the words requiring
the witness to testify in any matter, insert the
following:
"Touching the official conduct of any member of the
Senate or House of lieptosentutivos of the Congress of the
United States, or of any officer of the Government of the
United States, or touching any proposition to offer induce-
ments, by promise of reward or other compensation, to
secure the adoption or rejection of any measure pending or
to be brought before Congress, or any eomiiu'ltee of either
House thereof, or before any Department 01 bureau in the
Government of tiie United Slates."
If it is the purpose of the bill to afford to Con-
gress protection against the corruption of mem-
bers of the body, or against the slanders and
libels of bad men, who promulge foul and un-
founded suspicions against their official integrity,
let the bill be so framed as only to embrace cases
in which officers of Government are involved, or
in which the testimony, if produced, would affect
them. The bill proposes to call the judicial arm
to the aid of Congress in vindicating its integrilv,
by requiring the court to punish tiie witness for
contempt of congressional authority who refuses
to testify before our committees. Now, sir, let
the bill be confined to those cases in which the
integrity of members of Congress or of depart-
mental or bureau officers is the matter to be inves-
tigated, and, if it is the sense of the House, that
sufficient authority for the purpose does not now
reside in the Houses of Congress, then let the bill
invoke the aid of the judiciary in such cases, but
in those cases only. .Let not a general law of this
description pass here withoutrellection and exam-
ination.- It takes within its scope every man,
woman, and child in the Republic, and makes the
occasions for the exercise of the power it confers
as various as the subjects upon which Congress
may, in its fancy, institute examinations. You
have a tariff bill pending, and Congress institutes
an examination. A manufacturer is called before
your committee, and it is proposed he shall testify
as to the manner in which certain colors are pro-
duced. He refuses; and by this laiv you put him
in the penitentiary. I might give numberless
instances to condemn the scope of the bill m its
first section as utterly indefensible. It has, no
doubt, a good aim oil the part of the select com-
mittee, but its range is entirely too great for the
objects only it should propose to attain. .
1 must confess I have not much relish for the
idea of a bill of pains and penalties to be admin-
istered by the judicial branch, if the intent is only
to afford a summary and effective mode to Con-
gress to protect itself. Mr. Speaker, this House
can protect itself. It has authority for that pur-
pose. It can punish for aeontempt of its authority
