1851
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLGBE.
mt
itself. It is not to go to the courts and change
the laws governing them.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Congress asserted
yesterday the power to purge itself. The Supreme
Court of the United States has asserted the power
of Congress to purge itself. The case of Ander-
son vs. Dunn I have already cited as full on this
point. The House may expel a member. It may
imprison and fine for contempt; and an offer to
bribe one of its members is stated by the court
to be one of the very cases in which the House
can fine and imprison a party in contempt. And
the Supreme Court says, moreover, that your
Speaker's writ will bring the guilty party here to
your bar from'the Rio Grande or the banks of
the Aroostook.
Now, what more power do you want in order
to purge the Heme of corrupt members if there
are such here? You want, sir, to commit the
power to the court to fine and imprison a recusant
witness after you have lost your power and have
returned to your home! When all the actors
have departed and the game has flown, set your
grand jury, like the faithful dog-, to point at the
place it occupied! Trust to an indictment of a
refusing witness!
But, Mr. Speaker, look at this matter in still
another light. This bill proposes to compel a
witness to speak ta a matter which will render
him infamous in the estimation of the commu-
nity; and your relief to him is that he shall not
be prosecuted for the offe^e as to which he tes-
tifies. You hold out to him pardon for aT crime
already committed in one hand, and in the other
you thunder against him the penalties of this bill
if he does not testify. Suppose, sir, you get his
testimony: would you accept such testimony, so
procured, and hang a dog upon it> Would testi-
mony so procured be accepted by any jury in
America to operate the conviction of the meanest
culprit? Then, when you have it, what is it
worth ? Who will take it unassisted and alone ?
But, again: you compel the witness to testify
before the congressional committee—you expel
the member of your House—the case goes before
the court and there your witness refuses to tes-
tify lest what he says there (not here) shall crim-
inate him. Your court will say he is justified in
refusing, and that it is his constitutional right to
refuse to criminate himself; and that your law,
extending a pardon in advance, he need not ac-
cept if he does not choose to do so, for notwith-
standing your law his testimony must render
him infamous.
Again: I have no idea of compelling a man
by law to testify before Congress to a point on
which he can step to the court-houses all over
the land and be justified by the judges in a re-
fusal to yield his testimony. Let us at least
make the body of our laws harmonious and con-
sistent, if they are not the wisest that could be
framed. If we cannot do better than to make
that criminal which our judges will justifj^under
their practice the next minute, we had b<*Rer let
the matter go entirely. Suppose my countryman
from Kentucky should come here, and he shall
be summoned before a congressional committee,
and he should decline obedience; under your
proposed law he is arrested and brought here
when Congress is not in session; he is indicted
before the district court of the District of Colum-
bia; and while he is awaiting sentence for refusing
to testify, he sees the judge before whom he was
convicted justify a witness in his court for refus-
ing to testify in another case: what, think you,
would be his opinion of the lawmakers of his
country?
Again: By the second section of this bill, you
say to a man that if he testifies he shall not be
indicted or punished by a court of justice for the
act to which he testifies. That is a dangerous
section—a very dangerous provision. Suppose
a fellow offers a bribe to a member of Congress
to affect his vote. The law says that man can
be indicted, and if convicted he shall be confined
to the penitentiary three years, &c. Suppose he
findsthat his conduct may be exposed to pub-
licity. He invokes a friendly hand, gets an
article published ill a newspaper; congressional
integrity is alarmed; the honor of the House
feels itself sullied; a committee is appointed;
this fellow is summoned as a witness; and by
the second section of this bill, having testified to
the fact, he slips all responsibility under your
general law, and commutes his punishment for
your pardon. He is told, " You are not to be
punished for the acts to whichyon have testified and
for which you might be punished under the ex-
isting laws. You are relieved from the tender
mercies of a jury. We repeal the statute law
of the United States for your benefit and remit in
your behalf the penalty now inflicted by law
upon criminals of your class and degree."
I have considered cursorily the provisions of
this bill, in order to show that it demands at our
hands investigation. I have no personal feeling
about the matter, and no interest beyond a desire
to see this House sustain itself in its deliberations
with due dignity, and proceed to the determina-
tion of the laws it means to enact, after fitting
deliberation upon their probable operation.
Popular clamor has no effect upon me in my
place here. I cannot vote for this bill in its present
shape, but I will assist to pass a proper bill,
effective, taking in its scope all that should be
enacted on the subject, and harmonious, or at
least not inconsistent, with laws which are left on
the statute-book. But, sir, I have detained you
already longer than I had intended, and I will
now conclude by asking the previous question,
in compliance with my pledge to the chairman
of the Committee on Territories, [Mr. Grow,]
though personally I have no indisposition to see-
it voted down. 1 move the previous question.
Mr. ORR. Has the gentleman from Kentucky
submitted his amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to move
to amend, pending the motion to commit.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER slated that the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Onu] was, under the
rule, having reported the bill, entitled to ail hour
to close the debate.
Mr. GREENWOOD. _ Has the amendment
of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher]
been accepted by the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Davis?]
The SPEAKER. It has, and is part of the
pending proposition.
Mr. ORR. I do not propose to detain the
House anything like the hour to which I am
entitled under the rules.
Mr. DUNN. Will my friend from South
Carolina indulge me for a moment, as I desire to
make an inquiry or two, which I wish him to
answer in his remarks ?
Mr. ORR. Certainly.
Mr. DUNN. I have tried, as far as possible,
to catch the provisions of the bill, as well as of
the amendment, and I discover that the terms of
each are general as to the persons required to
testify, and the occasions upon which they are
required to testify. For instance, the bill speaks
of any persons called upon to testify, and speaks
of any matters about which they are called upon
to testify. I ask the gentleman from South Caro-
lina if the committee considered, and, if they did
so consider, what is their judgment in reference
to the effect of this bill upon communications, by
the universal law regarded as privileged, to attor-
neys and counselors at law? Are they required
to divulge things communicated to them in confi-
dence, and for wise and high purposes of public
justice, by their clients? If that be so, it would
require a terrible necessity to induce me to give
my sanction to it. That is one point.
This is another. The necessities of the Gov-
ernment, as shown by long experience, have sug-
gested the propriety of a secret-service fund to
be used upon the discretion of the executive de-
partment. The occasion of its use, the time for
its employment, and the amount to be employed
and used, is not subject to subsequent exposure
and explanation before any tribunal, or to any
authority whatever. Was it contemplated by
this committee, should we have at any future
time, in one or the other branch of Congress, a
factious majority, what might be the effect of this
bill upon the character of persons, and upon the
public interest generally, of an inquiry and ex-
posure upon a subject of that sort?
But there is another and, so far as th^public
interestis concerned, a more overruling question.
We have, it is true, in this country, a great many
persons who talk about the importance and policy
of having all our diplomatic matters published.
But, sir, the world does not diplomatize thus;
and we are compelled to conform to the usage
and practice of nations upon such subjects, and
I invite the attention of the gentlema# to what
might probably be the operation bill.
Even in times of peace, should a spirit of faction
arise in either branch of Congress, particularly
in the lower branch, in reference to pending ne-
gotiations of the most delicate ana important
character; should there be a determined and set-
tled purpose to develop and publish, through the
agency of a committee of this House, what was
transpiring in the executive department of the
Government upon the subject, such a disclosure
might be productive of great mischief, and in
time of war of absolute ruin to the country.
If this bill is sufficiently guarded to protect
these points, of course I shall give it my cordial
approbation. If not, it ought to be subject to
some revision.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman has raised two
points—one in reference to disclosures of matters
confided to counsel, and the other in reference to
matters arising in questions of diplomacy. With
reference to communications made to counsel, I
will say to the gentleman from Indiana, although
he thinks there should be a great public necessity
to justify the passage of a law to extract a secret
of that kind, that the.common law of England
does not exempt a witness from testifying upon
any such ground. He is not excused from testi-
fying there. That is the common law of Parlia-
ment. It is not a statute of the British Parliament
at all. Either the House of Commons or House
of Lords can extract such communication. The
rule is different before the Houses of Lords and
Commons from that which exists m tile courts.
If the gentleman have any doubt, I will refer him
to the authority upon it. The section to which
I would call attention, is the law in " Practice
of Legislative Assemblies," by Cashing; a very
good book so far as I have had an opportunity of
examining it, and very correct. It was read;51
understand, by my friend from Maryland.
With reference to the other suggestion, I can
hardly conceive such a case. I am free to state
that the committee did not look to it; but I am
prepared to express, myself, an individual opin-
ion with reference to the secret-service fund. It
is suggested to me by the gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Stephens,] that this House has already
exercised the power and authority of forcing a
disclosure as to what disposition had been made
of the secret-service fund. And it is right and
proper that it should bo so. Underour Govern-
ment—under our system of laws—under our
Constitution—1 should protest against the use
of any money by an executive authority, where
the House had not the right to know h®w every
dollar had been expended, and for what purpose.
Mr. STEPHENS, (interrupting.) A commit-
tee of the House once took testimony in relation to
the secret-service fund. An ex-President of the
United States was examined before them. That
committee came in and stated to the House that
they thought it proper that the facts disclosed
before them should not be made public, and it was
sealed up. The testimony completely exonerated
the party accused; and the House never had it
divulged, although the committee had got it and
was ready to give it to the House, if the House
required it.
Mr. DUNN. I would inquire if that was not
a case where the party accused—through his
friends on this floor—asked an investigation ?
Mr. ORR. It is immaterial whether it was or
not. That is a matter of no sort of consequence.
If the party accused had the right to have the
manner in which he expended the secret-service
fund inquired into for his defense, a majority of
this House has the same right to have the same
matter inquired into for his accusation. But my
friend from Indiana is, as the House knows, a
shrewd lawyer. He attacks this bill by putting
instances of the extremest cases. I defy him to
point to any law on a statute-book anywhere,
whenever passed by human ingenuity, that some
case might not be cited to show that that law
would do injustice, or that it did not meetentirely
the views of right and propriety ? These are ex-
treme cases. The object which this committee
had in view was, where there was corruption in
either House of Congress, to reach it.
My friend from Kentucky and others say,
"refer this bill to the Committee on the Judi-
