432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22.
,clary.*" Now, Mr, Speaker, I intend to speak
'of ray. associates on the select committee, exclud-
ing myself; ami I undertake to say that there is
as^ma'eiliega! ability (without meaning any dis-
,respect"*t6 other gentlemen) in the members of
'the select committee, excluding myself, as there-
is iifany committee of this House. Go to the
reports of the supreme court of Georgia, and see
tie reputation of one member of that committee,
[Mr. Warnee.] Go to the records of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, and you will
see' the evidence of the reputation of another
member of that committee, [Mr. Davis, of Ma-
ryland.] Go to the courts of Pennsylvania and
New York, and you will find evidence of the
reputation of other gentlemen of that committee,
{Messrs. Ritchie and Kelsey.] And I under-
take to say, that the select committee are better
prepared to report a bill on this subject than any
other committee in the House. And why? Be-
cause they have been tracking up this matter for
"the last ten or twelve days, and they know what
legislation is necessary to extort that which they
know, is .material to the vindication of the integ-
rity and reputation of this body. There is, there-
fore, no committee so competent to frame a bill
as the select committee; and the select committee
have framed it with care. It is true, that subse-
quently the gentleman from Maryland submitted
this morning a substitute. It was more conve-
nient, to be presented in that form. It is really a
very slight change from the bill reported yester-
day. The amendments are in some instances
merely verbal. There is no material change from
the bill as reported yesterday, unless the adding
of the psovision that a witness swearing falsely
before that committee should not be exonerated
from the pains and penalties of perjury. That
is the only material change.
My friend from Kentucky says, "You are
goin£ to adopt this monstrous proposition, that
the House, as in the case of the party whem we
had before us yesterday, having exercised au-
thority, and that authority being sustained, is
now going to transfer its power in the matter to
the courts." Why, ray friend from Kentucky
has not read the bill; or, if he has read the bill,
lie has not read it with Ins usual care. The bill
expressly states that, m addition to existing pains j
and penalties, he shall be subject to the pains and i
penalties of fine and imprisonment; and that, for !
the reasons which I stated yesterday, if a thing i
of this sort occurs five weeks before adjournment, j
there is no punishment that can be inflicted ade- j
quate to force the witness to disclosure. He said I
further—and I confess 1 was very much surprised '
to hear tile argument from him—that by this hill ;
yotfsent^a party to the courts of this country, ;
having protected him from the consequences of 1
his crime by this special law; and he thinks it a |
great enormity that he who has attempted to bribe j
a. member of Congress should be excused by this
law from being convicted before a court, and that
the member should not be excused. Perhaps he
did not say that, but his argument looked tu it.
Mr. FI. MARSHALL. Will the member from
South Carolina let me set myself right r
Mr. ORR. Oevtainly.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Your law now would
punish equally the member who receives the bribe
and the party who offers it. Your proposed law
says to the party, " Come here and testify, and
you shall not be answerable anywhere for the
facts or acts in regard to whici vo'u testify." He i
doestestify. On his testimony a member of Con- •
gross is expelled and indicted before the courts. !
Your witness is called upon as a witness to sus- !
tain the indictment in the court-house. He stands !
there and says, " I will not testify, because I ^
would criminate myself." Your law does not ;
protect him in the court-house * j
Mr. ORR. It does protect him in the court- j
house. , * I
M r. H. MARSHALL. Look at your iawagain. |
It does not protect him, except that he shall not j
be punished for the fact or act in regard to which 1
he tisnfies; but whenever the party who has tes- i
tided before the committee goes before the court, i
he says, ''I cannot give testimony with regard i
to this matter hero without subjecting myself to j
criminal prosecution"-  !
Mr. ORR. He will not be required to tes-1
tify. I
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Exactly so; and then I
your member of Congress will be cleared in court
after being convicted in Congress.
Mr. ORR. The argument of the gentleman
from Kentucky, then, is this, that rather than
allow a member, perchance, to escape conviction
in court, running the hazard that the witness
would be by law exempted from testifying, he
would allow a corrupt member, if there be such,
to continue to sit upon this floor.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Not at all.
Mr. ORR. The great object intended to be
accomplished by this bill is to enable the House
to purge itself; and it is more important that the
House should purge itself than that an individual
should be convicted before a criminal court.
Mr. II. MARSHALL. 4s a matter of justice
to myself, permit me to say, that instead of the
gentleman's conclusion being the right one, the
proper conclusion to draw from my position is,
that I would make the law to cover all cases.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Allow me to make
a suggestion at this point. The witness, under
this bill, who shall have been particeps ciiminis,
and shall have testified before a committee of
Congress, will not be exempted from testifying
before a court of justice, to convict a member of
bribery, because he is pardoned by the law for
the act, and cannot be prosecuted. It is not, so
■ far as his case is concerned, a punishable offense
before the courts of the country.
Mr. ORR. And with the interpretation put on
it by the member from Kentucky, the House and
country will not secure the objpet we have m
view, that is, to get clear of a corrupt member, if
perchance one should be in our midst. When
an investigation is instituted to see whether bri-
bery and corruption, and other improper influ-
ences, have been resorted to to influence members
of Congress, we desire to be able to get that in-
formation before us which will enable the House
to purge itself of a corrupt member; for, sir, I
imagine that law itself would be of little moment,
or little avail, if the great source and fountain
of all law was corrupted. It is important, there-
fore, in that aspect of the case, that the bill should
pass, so that we may compel disclosure.
Now, as to the alleged retroactive operation of
the bill, I do not think the gentleman from Ken-
tucky would maintain the proposition in any court
of justice, that this bill, if enacted into law, will
be an ex post facto law. He knows well that it is
not such a law. It would be technically ex post
facto in such a case as this: If it would punish
the witness whom we had before us yesterday,
for having refused to answer the day before yes-
terday the questions propounded to him by the
special committee, then the law would be ex post
Jacto. But it will not do so. He is not liable
under this bill, in any such aspect of the case.
If the bill passes, and the committee think proper
to recall him, and he refuse to answer their ques-
tions, he may be indicted under it. But, as I
stated yesterday, this committee of investigation
have found the necessity for such a law as this
in more than one case, and that is the reason
why a law in reference to this individual case
would have been insufficient.
Mr. SAVAGE. I understand the gentleman
to say that a law of this kind has been found to-
be necessary in more than one ease. I would
ask him to state whether he knows of any prece-
dent where Congress has changed the great rule
of common law as I understand this bill proposes
to change it—the rule that no man shall be called
on to criminate himself m giving evidence ?
Mr. ORR. The gentleman speaks of the com-
mon law. I refer him to page 397 of the book from
which I have already quoted, to show him what
in the common law is relative to parliamentary
bodies. He will see that this is not in violation of
the common law. *
Mr. SAVAGE. Has Congress in any instance
changed this law?
Air. ORR. Suppose there are no such in-
stances ?
Mr. SAVAGE. The gentleman misunder-
stands me. Look at the laws passed here rela-
tive to dueling. The Congress which passed
them thought it necessary, in order to reach that
great offense, to set aside a rule which had ob-
tained in all other instances; and this is the only
instance I know of where Congress has changed
the great rule of the common law. I think the
gentleman will remember that the same rule of
law obtains in all the State courts except in one
or two instances. In my own State, in cases of
gaming and bets on the election, the great rule of
the common law has been changed.
Mr. ORR. I am very much obliged to the
gentleman for his suggestions. It seems, then,
that this is not the first instance whore, for the
purpose of procuring evidence, there lias been an
invasion of the usually-received rales of evidence
in courts of justice. It is absolutely necessary
that this bill should be passed now by the Con-
gress of the Unked States, in order that it may
ferret out and expose all the corruptions that have
been charged on members of this House, if any
such corruptions exist; and it is* necessary that -
it should be passed speedily. *
Gentlemen talk about hasty legislation. Why,
sir, there are few bills which come before this
Congress, or which pass it, that have had a more
full and deliberate consideration—certainly not
in the committee. It has been fully debated. It
was thoroughly considered in the House yester-
day. It ought to pass, and "pass speedily, so that
it may go to the other branch of Congress. If
it does not pass, the responsibility will rest then
with that body. We have but forty or forty-five
days of this session remaining. After this com-
mittee has finished its investigation, its report
must be submitted and printed. That will con-
sume time"; and if we are to be delayed in this
way, the result will be that the House will not
be put in possessiorkpf that report until at the
i heel of the session, when the excuse will be then
; that the appropriation bills are pressing on us,
[ and it cannot be taken up. This bill, then, re-
i quires not only action but requires prompt a« tion.
j I undertake to say, sir, that no committee will
i be able to prepare a bill to which there will not
| be objections; and if the House intends to pass
! a bill—if it intends to say to recusant witnesses
that, for continued contempt, they shall suffer
more than mere imprisonment from now to the
end of the session, we must pass it without ref-
erence to any committee. Time is all important;
and 1 shall consider the rcfcrence of the bill as a
defeat of the measuic. That will be my con-
struction of it. T think that that will necessarily
be the result and consequence of the consumption
■| of time by such a reference. Looking to the
: j circumstances under which we are placed, 1 think
•j gentlemen had better take the bill as it is. We
\\ all have oftentimes to vote for measures that we
i do not altogether like. "When the good predom-
j, mates over the bad, and a speedy remedy is re-
;• quired, it is better that it should be taken. If it
ji shall be found afterwards that any individual has
i; suffered hardship thereby, the same power can
'! go to work and apply the correct!vc.
!! I ask the House to \ote down the motion to
j; refer to the. Committee on the Judiciary; to pass
;! the bill and let it go to the Senate; and thus to
!:give some efficiency and vitality to this investi-
gation which this House has instituted. The
li substHhte proposed by the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Davis] is before the House with the
consent and by the instruction of the special
committee. They desire that it shall pass instead
of the bill first introduced.
The question now being on the motion of Mr.'
H. Marshall to refer the bill and amendments
to the Committee on the Judiciary,
|j Mr. BILLINGHUR3T demanded the yeas
|| and nays.
[! The yeas and nays were ordered.
jj The question was taken; and it was decided in
!, the negative—yeas 71, nays Iu2; as follows:
i| YEAS—Messrs Aker*. Albngiit, BaihBaibour, Barclay,
i! Henry Bennett, Benson. liiilihglium. Bishop. Bliss, Buf-
i! ftntoru IJutlingam^, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra
!j Ciaik. Olawsori, Colf-tv, Prasjin, CumbaCk. Jacob C Davis,
Timoilu Duviv, Dean, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, EdwauK,
limn'?, Ev<m-. I'laclf-T. Granger, Grow, Robeit i:. Hall,
' " " . IJollowny, Thom.i* B-' Horion, HugU^ton. keunett,
Pelton. Pon-T. Purine, Uuitmau, Bobbins, fcabin, >agc,
h n'irm. Tappan. Thoringlon, TIsumoii, Jodd,
Walkman, Cad-.valader C. Washburne, Jsruel
E; Washburn, Wat-on, and WoodruflMl.
jy ^ys Aiken, Allen, Alie=on, Bark:-da!e, Ben,
i! Hendley S. Bennett, Bingham, Boeock, Bowie, Boyee,
, BratMmw, Branch, Brenton, Biook.-s Broom, burr.ett,
i| J,ti^es II- C.i.unbeU, Jotm P. Campbell,Caskie, CJjngman,
!j Howell Cobb, Williamson K. W. Cobb, Coming Covode,
|i Crai^e. Cullen, Daauell, Davidson, Oemy Wmter Davis,
! Day; Denver, Dick, Dowdeli, Durfee, Ediuund.on, L hott,
jj English, Etbendgc, Faulkner, Florence, Henry M. tuber,
