THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Se
MONDAY, JANUARY 26, 1857.
New Series No. 528.
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gnruutt, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus
Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Har-
rison, Haven, Herbert, Valentine B. Horton, Houston,
Howard, Jewett, George VV. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt,
Kelly, Kelsey, Kidwell, Knight, Knox, Letchcr, Liunpkin,
Samuel S. Marshall,Maxwell,McMullin,McQueen, Smith
Miller, Millson, Moore, Morrison, Mott, Murray, Nichols,
Norton, Mordeuai Oliver, Orr, Paine, Parker, Pock, I'eitit,
Plictp^, Pike, X>owcIl> Ptimnnee, Purve.ir, Roado, lticaud,
Ritchie, Rivers, Robeits, Robison, Uuflin, Rust, Sandidge,
Savage, Scott, Seward, Sherman, Shorter, Samuel- A.
Smith, William Smith, Snood, Rpunior, Stanton, Stephens,
Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Tiafton. Tnppe, Tyson, Under-
wood, Vail, Wade, Waldron, Walker, Warner. Ellihu B.
Wa^hbumo, Watkins, Wells, Wlieelei, Whitney, Wil-
liams, Winslow, Woodwoith, Daniel H. Wright, John V.
Wright, and Zolheoffer— KM
So the House refused to refer the bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Pending the cull of the roll,
Mr. BISHOP stated that his colleague had been
summoned from the city on account of the death
of a near relative.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved to reconsider
the vote just taken, and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed t$.
The question recurrcd upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Ritchie to the original bill.
Mr. RITCHIE. The amendment offered by
the gentleman from Maryland to-day supersedes
the necessity of mine; and with the permission
of the House I will withdraw mine.
No objection being made, the amendment was
withdrawn.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Davis's
substitute; and it was adopted.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. ORR moved the previous question upon
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. WALBRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays upon the passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to
know whether the question is divisible, as I desire
a separate vote upon the different sections of the
bill.
The SPEAKER. It is not divisible.
Mr, MORGAN. Has the bill been engrossed ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
The question was taken; and it was decided m
the affirmative—yeas ld3, nays 12; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Akojs, Albright, Allen, Alh«on,
Ball, Jiarbour, Barclay, iknk^dule. Bell, liondh y H. Ben-
nett, Ji«nsou, Bingham, Bishop, Bocoek, Bowie,* Bo> ee,
Bradahaw, Branch, Biunton, Brooks, Broom, BtiiTmton,
Burnett, James II. Campbell, John V. Campbell, Leu is D.
Campbell, Oamthcr«, Ca«'kie, JJnjard Clarke, E/.ia Clark,
dawson, Chngman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Coimus, Covode, Cramn. Craige, Cullen, Cnmback,
Pamrell, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Jacob C. Davis.
Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Denver, Dick, Dickson, i)odd,
Powdell, Dunn, Duifee, Edmund^on, Klhott, Einrie, Eng-
lish, Ethendm-, Casus, Evans, Faullcnei, Flagler, Florence,
Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Gi anger, i
Greenwood, Grow, Augustus Hall. Robert B. Hall, Harlan, !
J. Morrison Harris Tiiomrw L. Harris, Harrison, Haven, I
Herbert, Hod<je«?, Holioway, Thomas It. Horton, Valentine
B. Horton. Houston, Howard, Jeweit, George W. Jone
McQueen, Kiliwn Miller,'Smith Miller, Millson, Milliard!
Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Morrison, Mott, Murray, Nichols,
?vortr n, Andrew Oliver, Mordeuai Oliver, On, Panic, Par-
age, Scott. Sewan', Sherman, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith,
William Jl. Smith. Si^ed, Spinner, Stanton, Stephens,
Talbott, Tapp'in, Tavloi, Tlunmgton, Thurston, Todd,
Trafton, Tnpps, Tyson, {.rndorwood, Vail, Wade, Wake-
man, Waldron, Walker. Warner, Cadwalader C Wa^ii
bum'e, Ellihu B. Washbinne, Watkins, Wells, Wheeler,
Whitney, Williams, Win-low, Wood cull', Wood worth, ;
Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zollicofiei—183. I
NAYS"—Messis. Hemy Bennett, Billinghnrst, Bliss,
Burlmgame, Colfax, Edwards, Hu^hston, Mace, Humphrey
Marshall. Quitman, Walbadge, and Watson—19.
, So the bill was passed.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr, WRIGHT, of Mississippi, stated that in
28
reference to the resolutions relating to Simonton
he had voted in the negative, but that on this bill
he should vote in the affirmative.
Mr. ORR moved that the vote by which the
bill was passed be reconsidered, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BILL REPORTED.
The SPEAKER stated that reports of bills
relating to territorial business were in order.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back, with an amendment, a bill
(H. R. No. 583) to ascertain and settle the pri-
vate land claims in the Territory of New Mexico;
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
SURVEYOR GENERAL OF NEBRASKA.
Mr. IIARLAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back, with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute, a bill (H. R. No. 638) to
establish the office of surveyor general of Ne-
braska, for the relief of settlers upon school lands
in the Territory of Nebraska, granting land for a
university therein, and for other purposes.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask that the bill be put
upon its passage now.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be reported.
Mr. 11ARLAN. 1 ask that the substitute may
be read.
Air. GROW. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to give me the floor for one moment. I desire
to make an appeal to the House to set apart two
days to be appropriated to territorial business,
in lieu of the two days which have been con-
sumed by this question of privilege. I shall be
satisfied with any days which will suit the con-
venience of the House, and I would propose Sat-
urday and Monday next.
Mr. McdlJEEN. 1 object to appropriating
any more time to territorial business until the
tariff bill is acted upon by the House and disposed
of. I shall have no objection, after that bill is dis-
posed of, to give all the time necessary.
Mr. ORR. I consider it my duty to appeal to
my colleague to withdraw his objection, inasmuch
as the Territoiios have been depuved of two days
set apart for their benefit, by the action of the
select committee.
Mr. CRAIGE. I shall object if the gentle-
man from South Carolina withdraws his objec-
tion.
Mr. GROW. I would say to the gentleman
from South Carolina that the Mouse cannot take
up the tariff bill on Saturday or on Monday, and
therefore those two days cannot interfere with
the consideuition of the tariff bill.
Air. AlcQ,UEEN. I withdraw my objection.
Air. SNEED. I renew the objection so far as
such an arrangement will interfere with the Pri-
vate Calendar on Saturday.
Mr. GROW. Is objection made?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Air. GROW. Does the gentleman object to
the two days mentioned, ordoes he object to any
time?
Air. SNEED. I object to Saturday, as that
will interfere with the Piivato Calendar.
Air. GROW. Then 1 will suggest Monday
and Tuesday next
Air. LETCHER. I object to that.
Mr. McMULLIN. If the gentleman will mod-
ify his proposition so as to make it Monday and
Tuesday, i presume the gentleman from Tennes-
see will agree to it.
Mr. CRAIGE. I object to Monday and Tues-
day.
Mr. BROOM. I w.ould suggest to my colleague
Tuesday and Wednesday. Satuiday is an im-
portant'day for the Private Calendar, and Monday
is an important day also, being the only day in
the week upon which we can move to suspend
the rules. j
Air. GROW. If there be objection, then of j
corns? I will leave (he mailer until Alonday, when i
I shall ask for two days under a suspension of
the rules,
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I wish to appeal
to my colleague to withdraw his objection,
Mr. FLORENCE. I shall renew it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Harlan] reports a bill with an amendment,
which he asks may be put upon its passage The
bill will be read. *
! Air. STEPHENS. I move that the House do
; now adjourn.
Mr. GROW. Upon that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. IIARLAN. As a matter of curiosity, I
should like to know how the gentleman from
Georgia obtained the floor to make his motion to
| adjourn r I was under the impression that I was
entitled to the floor.
j The SPEAKER. Itis necessary, before action
! shall be had upon the bill, that it should be read;
| and pending the reading of the bill or amendment
I it would be competent for the gentleman from
t Georgia to make his motion. The gentleman
| fiom Ohio will be entitled to the floor after the
I bill and amendment shall have been read.
! The yeas and nays were ordered.
I Mr. STEPHENS. I withd raw the motion to
! adjourn.
! The bill and proposed substitute were read.
| The substitute directs the appointment of a sur-
| veyor general, whose duty shall be coextensive
| with the present limits of the Territory of Ne-
- braska, who shall hnve the same authority and
; perfoim the same duties respecting public lands
and private land claims as is now vested in and
required of the sui veyor general of the lands of
the United States at Dubuque, Iowa.
Mr. IIARLAN moved (hp previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered.
The iirst question was on the amendment in
the nature of a substitute, and it was agreed
to.
The bill as amended was ordered to bu en-
grossed mid read :i ihnd time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read tile thud time
and passed.
The title was amended so as to read. " An act
to create the officii of surveyor general of public
lands in the Terrilory of Nebraska."
Mr. IIARLAN moved to consider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
MILITARY ROADS IN NEW MEXICO.
On motion of Air. FAULKNRR-, it was
On'ru1'?, Th-it tli'"' <'onmiifri'f on Milit'uy A<T.ais be dis-
charged fiom the luuiitT fon.Mdoiation of a hill I:. No.
09/) to piovuleibi tlio ronnation of c >rt:un milnaiv loads
m ihe Teuitoiyoi Mexico, and that the bill and
I'-port he hud on thu table.
EXPENSES OF INDIAN WAR IN NEW MEXICO.
Air. FAULKNER. I nuule an adveise report
upon a hill referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, providing for the payment of ccrtain vol-
unteers called out by I lie Li< utrnant Governor of
New Mexico, to repel ihdir.n hostilities, in 1854.
1 have been lequesled by liie Delegate from that
Territory, who cannot move i,, the matter him-
yelf, to ask a reconsideration of the vote rejecting;
thatbili, to nHord him no opportunity of present-
ing' Ills views. Without any change in my own
opinion, of the merits of that bill, 1 comply with
his request, and move a reconsideration.
TheSPliAKEfl. The CJiair is informed that
the bill was reported the day before yesterday.
If so, the motion to reconsider cannot ne,w be
entered.
Mr. FAULKNER. May it not bo done by
unanimous consent?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. It is too
late I move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at half past three o'clock, p. m.) the Houw
adjourned.
