434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 23, 1857.
Prayer by theChaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. j
"Mr. GEYER presented the petition of mem-1
bers of the bar in Wisconsin, praying that the ;
time for holding the district court of the United !
States for the district of Wisconsin may be ;
changed, and the salary of the judge of that court ]
may be increased; wliich was ordered to lie on j
the table., I
Mr': BRODHEAD presented the petition of ,
Samuel Mercer, a captain in the Navy, praying j
to be allowed the pay of a commander of a squad- !
ton during the time for which ho acted in that;
capacity; which was referred to the Committee \
oil Naval Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, it was
Ordered, That tlie petition of ilie hem ofGeriml Wooit,
o  tile files of lite Senate, Ije referred to the Ooaumtteo on
Revolutionary Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 438) for the relief of the heirs of
OaptainThomas Gill, reported it without amend-
ment, and submitted an adverse r-port; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JAM ES, from the Committee on Public
Buildings, to whom the subject was referred,
reported a joint resolution (S. No. 47) authoriz-
ing the payment of a certain expense incurred
in the " repairs of the congressional library,"
under an act of Congress approved March'19,
1852; which was read, ar.d passed to a second
reading.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom wns referred a bill communi-
cated to the Senate by the Court of Claims on
the 19th instant for the relief of Matthew G.
Emery, with the opinion of the couit in the case,
reported the bill (S. No. 519) without amend- ;
nient. The bill v.-as read, and passed to a second
reading: and the repoit was ordered to be printed.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Claims, :
to whom was referred the petition of George
Phajps, submitted a report, accompanied by a i
bill (S. No. 530) for his relief; which was read, !
and passed to a second reading. The report was j
ordered to b<> printed. ' !
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili- i
tary Affairs, to whom were referred (he following j
bills, repoited them without amendment:
An act (II. R. No. 240) for the relief of the
officers and privates of the Clinton Guards, of the
county of-Macomb, in the State of MiHugan;
An act (H. II. No. 459) for the n luf of John
McConnell;
An act (II. R. No. 466) for the relief of Wil-
liam Kendall; and
An act (H. R. No. 460) to reimburse the estate !
of Joseph McClure, a paymaster in tiie war of :
1812.
He also, from the same committee, to whom 1
was referred the memorial of Adam D. Steuart,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill. (S.
No. 522.) explanatory of an act approved August
18, 1856, entitled " An act for the relief of A 3am
D. Steuart, and of Alexander Randall, executor
of Daniel Randall."
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing; and the report was ordered to printed.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of George M.
Weston, submitted a report, accompanied' by a
bill (S. No. 523) to provide for the quietimr of cer-
tain land titles in the late disputed territoi y of the
State of Maine, and for other purposes.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing; and the report was ordered to be r-rmted.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, it was 1'
Ordered, Tii.it the Committee on Revolutionary Ciaim^ ■'
he discharged from the £ *j rtiier eonHdoiation of the bill {II . .
It. No. 473) for the relief of the s>ur\ jvjng children of John ;
Gilbert, a revolutionaiy boirher. i
On motion of Mr. TOUCEY, it was !
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary bo dis- ■
charged from the further consideration of the petition of 1
Samuel l\Todd and John De ; nd that it he on the
table.
PORTLAND HARBOR.
Mr. FESSENDEN submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent., and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bo directed to in-
form the Senate whether any further defensive wot ks are
required for the protection of Portland harbor, in Maine,
particularly whether any, and what woiks should be con-
structed upon Uog Island Ledge, in paid haibor, and what
would be tiie eo*iof constructing the same.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. FOOT asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce, a bill (S. No. 521)
granting bounty land to Mary Feleh, widow of
the Rev. Cheever Felch, deceased; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pufclic Lands.
IMPROVEMENT OF THE OHIO RIVER.
Mr.BIGLER. The Committee on Commerce,
to whom were referred the bill, (S, No. 470,) in-
troduced by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pu&h,]
to provide for a survey of the Ohio river and its
principal tributaries, and resolutions of the Board
of Trade of the city of Pittsburg on the subject,
have instructed me to report back the bill, with
an amendment, accompanied by a report, which
1 ask may be printed.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. STUART. I wish to make a remark in
connection with that report. The Committee on
Commerce, to whom that subject was referred,
committed it to the Senator from Pennsylvania,
who has examined .it with much care, and ha«
amassed a great deal of information, which in the
: shape of this report was presented to the commit-
| tee at their last meeting. The committee concur
| entirely in the propriety of making the survey
I contemplated. They deem it highly important
i that it should be done, and are satisfied as to the
| general features of the bill and report. The
i arguments of the report, however, are the argu-
j raents of the Senator from Pennsylvania, and are
1 very able; yet I had not, as a member of the
J commiitce, that opportunity to examine them
j which I should like, if I were to be committed to
I them in all rcapects hereafter. I do not know that
■ I shall object to being committed to them. I
: only make these remarks at this time for the
purpose of saving to myself any views svhich a
further development of the subject may make
necessary.
I\Ir. SEWARD. I desire to concur in aU
respects in the statement made by the honorable
Senator from Michigan, ia regard to the agree-
ment of the committee and the reservation.
■SALLY T. MATIIEWS.
Mr. WADE. I ask the Seoate to dispose of
the motion 'vhich I made the other day, that the
Senate rc"dt> from their disagreement to the
omondment of the House to thu bill (S. No. 2i>6)
for the ii'iief of £ally T. Mathews.
Mr. STUART, if the Senator will, when that
bill is taken up, withdraw his motion, and submit
one wliich will give us a committee of conference,
1 shall make no objection to it, and 1 think H will
euect the object.
Mr. WADE. I have no objection to that.
Both branches of Congress consent that the bill
is right, And ought to be passed, and I want to
hove it passed. I am not particular about the
form of the motion.
The Senate nroeeeded-to consider the bill.
Mr. YvADR. I will modifythe motion i made
before; and now move that the Senate insist on
their disagreement to the amendment of the House
of Representatives, and ask for a committee of
con Terence.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Wade,
Stuart, and Brodiievd, were appointed con-
ferees on the part of the Senate.
COURTS IX WISCONSIN.
Mr. GEVER. At the request of tiie honor-
able .Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr Podge.] I
move to take up the bill (8. No. 6'2) wlin-h i re- '
ported from the Judiciary Committee, to change ,
the time of holding the district court of the United ,
States in and for the district of Wisconsin, and
to compensate the judgo of said district for his
services. i
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was '
considered as m Committee of the Whole, it
pyoposcs to increase the salary of the judge of
the district court of Wisconsin to $2,500, and to
direct the holding of the terms of the court at
Milwaukee on the first Mondays of January
and May, and at Madison on the first Monday-
of October in each year.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM L. OLIVER.
On motion of Mr. JONES, of Iowa, the bill
(H. R. No. 516) for the relief of William L.
Oliver, was recommitted to tlie Committee on
Pensions.
CONTUMACY OP WITNESSES.
On motion of Mr. TOOMBS, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 757) more effectually to en-
force the attendance of witnesses oil the summons
of cither House of Congress, and to compel them
to discover testimony.
The PRESIPENT pro tempore. If no amend-
ment be proposed, the bill will be reported to the
Senate.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, before this bill is
reported to the Senate, I hope that some of its
friends will state the object to be effected by it,
and the necessity for it. I know nothing about
the bill except what I get from the papers, and
from its own face. «
The rules of Congress require that every bill
which may be introduced shall be read on three
several days, unless by unanimous consent that
requisition be dispensed with. I see that this bill
has been read three several times in the House
of Representatives, and two several times in the
Senate, and these readings have all been had in a
single day. The bill was introduced into the
House of Representatives, it would seem, on the
21st of January, and passed through that House
on the 22d; and on the 22d it was introduced
here, read twice, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and reported back while the
Senate was in session; and it now comes up on
: its passage, I am opposed, in the first place, sir,
to all such hasty legislation. I am opposed to
ail legislation that is hurried in this manner out
■ of particular transactions whidh have given rise
to it. It is not worth while to shut our eyes to
the circumstances which have given rise to thi3
bill. I am in favor of, and will vote for, a bill
■ with proper safeguards which shall compel the
; attendance of witnesses before cither House, or
.' before the committees of either House, and en-
: force a proper penalty for a neglect to appear or
j. a refusal to answer.
j But as I understand this bill — I may be mis-
taktn in it. fori have not had more time than
1 anybody else has had to examine it—it proposes
to strike out of existence a principle wtiieh has
, been considered necessary to the protection of
individual rights in every court in every State of
this Union. It proposes, if 1 understand it, to
i strike down a principle which has been held
" sacred for centuries wherever the common law is
i practiced—the principle which protects a witness
!1 from answering to matters which shall criminate
j or disgrace himself. This bill makes no excep-
!; tion of that sort. Upon its face it purports and
I j intends, if 1 understand if, to remove any exemp-
| tion of that sort, by providing that the witness
* shall not be held liable to any criminal indictment
j" for anything he may disclose, and that the matter
which he discloses shall not be used in evidence
' against him.
■; In the first place, I ask the friends of the bill
if they ran do any such thing? All on earth you
'' can do is to provide that he shall not be punished
in any court of federal jurisdiction; but it should
be remembered that in all human probability
ninety-nine hundredths, or at least a very great
proportion, of the matters we propose to inquire
[ into before a committee of the House ot Repre-
' sentatives, or a committee of the Senate, will not
have transpired within this District, and proba-
; bly will not be subject to the cognizance of the
'■ Federal courts. Tlien you propose to put a wit-
i boss before a committee of the House of Repre-
' sentativcs, or of the Senate, and under penally
' of twelve months' imprisonment in the peniten-
! tiary, you tell him that he shall answer, and you
undertake to hold out a protection for him m
