M557.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
case he should criminate himself, by providing
that his own testimony shall not render him sub-
ject to any criminal prosecution. Does not every
one see certainly it strikes me so—that that will
be entirely nugatory when he gets into any State
Courts in this Union? You may indict liim for
any transactions he discloses which are criminal
or disgraceful in their nature,in New York, Penn-
sylvania, Massachusetts, or New Hampshire,
and lie cannot plead the statute that you have
passed to protect and shield him.
X think the bill is defective in the first section.
It creates a now offense, and then it says that he
shall be liable to indictment for it as for a misde-
meanor in any court of the United States having
' jurisdiction of it. Well, sir, what court of the
United States lias jurisdiction of an offense which
you do not create until this moment? It seems
to me that the bill should have gone on in ex-
press terms to confer jurisdiction; but that is a
matter upon which 1 do not wish to dwell much.
1 do dwell upon this; I say it is contrary to
the spirit of liberty; it is contrary to the spirit of
law; it is contrary to the genius of every consti-
tution of our States, to undertake to say to a man
that he shall not bo excused from answering be-
cause the matters may criminate himself. This
bill is broader than that. It gives no protection
to confidential communications between counsel
and client. The bill obliges a counsel to disclose
them. It will take in the priest of the Catholic
Church, and compel him to disclose confessions
which have been imparted to him under the most
sacred obligations which can bind the conscience
of man. This bill proposes to strip away all these
protections and defenses that the wisdom of ages
has secured, and to put a mail before a commitiee
of either House of Congress under circumstances
in which he is not put before any court of this
country.
Now, sir, what are the circumstances under
which this bill arises? They are nuitteis of com-
mon and public notoriety. We are informed by
the papers, and by the reports of the proceedings
of the other House, that not long since a resolu-
tion of the following purport was passed:
« Wliereascertain statemrnN lifive been published charjj-
ins that members of tins House have entered into eoimpt
combinations for the purpose of passing and preventing the
parage ol ccitain measures duung tins pios-ent Congiess ;
nnd wheieas a membei of tins House has stated that the
article referred to ' is not wanting in truthTherefore,
"Resolved, That aconnnmoe, consisting of five meintieis,
be appointed by the Speaker, with power to send for persons
and papers, to'investigate said ehaiges, and that said com-
mittee leport the evidence taken, and what action, in their
judgment, is necessary on the part of the House, without
any unnecessary delay."
That is a matter of the public history of the
times. I believe it is equally notorious that when
that committee was organized a correspondent of
one of the newspapers in the city of New York
was summoned before them, anu in the course
of the examination he canie to a point where he
refused to testify, and he was then ordered into
custody by the House of Representatives. Under
that state of facts, the committee before whom he
had been summoned reported this bill, which was
passed with the haste which I have mentioned by
the House of Representatives. I am not going
to stand hero as the special advocate of the press,
and especially of the press of New York city. I
do not feel under any peculiar obligations to that
press, or to that particular locality. I was once
infamously assailed by one of the leading presses
of that city; and when I denied its charges, in
federal and detail,and courted investigation, and
ared them to the proof, they only took the
blackguard's privilege of reiterating them over
again; so that 1 stand under no peculiar obliga-
tions to them. Nor, sir, do I wish to indulge m
that wholesale denunciation of this class of citi-
zens which has been indulged in in some other
places,according to the accounts thathave readied
us through the public press. 1 believe newspaper
editors are very much like any other numerous
class; they contain many of the most worthy and
respectable men to be found in the community,
and many of the most corrupt scoundrels that
can be found in the community. When I say
that, I say of the press what may be said of
almost any other class of men. 1 know some
conductors of newspapers that I am proud to
number among my friends—some of the most
honorable and respectable gentlemen that I know
in any class; and I do not stand here to denounce
them, nor to say that everything which comes |
from a newspaper attacking the integrity of Con- |
gress^r any particular member of it, is unworthy
of consideration or respect. |
But, sir, I tell you, and I tell Congress, that if
you make this issue with the newspaper reporter
whom the other House has got in custody, or if
you make this issue with the humblest individual
that walks the streets, if you make it with a street
scavenger that sweeps the streets, ho will go to the
country and he will boat you on it. You cannot
stand on it. If Congress put themselves in that
attitude, and pass' this bill for the purpose of
crushing that newspaper reporter, or anybody
else, I teil you the end of that conflict is not doubt-
ful. That man will have the public sympathy
with him, right or wrong; because, when you pass
this bill, no matter how wrong he is, you arc infi-
nitely more wrong than he. In that controversy
you are bound to go to the wall; and the little editor,
or correspondent, or whatever he is, with his goose
quill, will be found more potent than your Scr-
geant-at-xVrms, with his mace and ulj the ensigns
of your authority. Why? Because, when you
undertake to pass this bill, you undertake to step
over a barrier to which that man has a right for
his protection; you override his constitutional
right, to require that he shall no>t be held to an-
swer to any matter that may c«minato himself.
It is not enough that you ewiude him from
matter that may subject lum to a criminal prose-
cution. That is not the protection of the law;
the protection of the law goes further than that;
and if itbc not well settled, there is certainly very
good authority for the position that the protection
of the law goes so far that a man is not bound to
answer to a matter that disgraces himself. Such,
sir, is the authority of the best legal writers upon
the law of evidence.
This bill, in its broad terms, will take away the
protection which a counselor has. 1 speak to a
Senate of lawyers; I speak to men whose lives
have been passed in a position where they have
been trustees of the rights of their fellow-citizens;
and I ask any man who was ever worthy to stand
in a court of justice—I ask you, sir, I ask Sena-
tors on this floor, if it is in the power of this
Congress, if it is in the power of any government
that God ever permitted to live on the earth, to
pass an act and pile up pains and penalties so
numerous and so cumulative, that they can com-
pel an honest or an honorable man who lias been
intrusted by a client to disclose, any of his secrets ?
No, sir, you cannot do it. You cannot take the
humblest priest in the Church that believes in the
rite of confession, and pile up penalties enough to
make him disclose facts which have been com-
municated to him under a pledge of secrecy, which
is more obligatory on lus conscience than any
laws you can pass. Neither, sir, can you, in this
case, by hurrying through this bill, produce the
effect to which this bill looks;an<l that is, compel
the disclosure of facts in the particular case which
gave rise to this bill in the other House.
I think I saw by the papers—I believe it is in
order to refer to what wo read in the papers—
that threats have been thrown out of this sort:
" We will put the bill on its passage, and let us
see who will dare to oppose it." Insinuations have
been thrown out that there are corrupt members
of Congress; that corrupt propositions have been
made by members of Congress; and it is said that
the charge has the tendency to throw suspicion
upon the" whole body. That argument may have
justexactly as much weight in the minds of those
to whom it is addressed as it is entitled to in the
view of those who make-it. 1 have nothing to
say for myself, how far, or how much, or how
little, it may effect me; but I say, that under no
circumstances will I consent to pass a bill which
I believe to contain a vicious principle, under the
pressure of the existing circumstances that now
surround Congress. It is always better to take
time enough. I think the Greeks had an old
maxim which was considered of so great value
that it was put in the school books when I learned
what little of Greek I used to know, and trans-
lated into plain English, it read thus: "Hasten
slowly."
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator alludes to
the Latin, "festina lente."
Mr. HALE. The Latin is only a translation.
The best rule of legislation, in regard to these
matters, is to " hasten slowly."
Again, sir, I believe that this bilij-in the oivjccta
for which it is proposed, if it be not IfoMe-to the
objection that it is retrospective in its character*
in precise terms, is liable to that objeetion'in'te
spirit and intent. A retrospective law has' bette
well defined by some author—whose name I do
not recollect, but he was a very respectable gen-
tleman—to be a law which applies ,a now rule to
an existing case. When a law is passed, not in
reference to an existing case, but in reference to
a state of existing facts out of which a case is to
be made, if it be not liable to the objection that it
is retrospective in its terms, it is certainly retro-
spective in its spirit, and in its spirit is liable to
that condemnation.
I think nothing can be lost by a little .delay 'on
this bill, by giving gentlemen time to examine it.
I have no professions to'make on tfle svibject; but
I will say, voluntarily, that I am perfectly willing
to pass a law which shall be potent enough in its
penalties to compel the disclosure of all facts
which either House, in its judgment, may con-
sider to be necessary for the proper prosecution
of the business which is confided to it by its con-
stituents and by the Constitution; but I do not
think the exigencies of the case require exactly
such a bill as this. I think Congress should hesi-
tate a long time before tbey disregard this salu-
tary provision of law, which has been considered
of such regard so long-—that a witness shull not
be compelled to disgrace himself. I think they
will find, as I have before suggested, that it is not
the more protection from a criminal prosecution
that the law secures to a witness; but ho lias a
right to be protected from things thatwiii subject
lum to disgrace. 1 wish to read a section from
an approved author oil evidence, Mr. Greenleaf.
In the first volume of his woik on Evidence, sec-
tion 454, he says:
" Whole the answer, thoirili n will not cxpo'ie the wit-
nosr, to any ciumnal pio-* cntnm 01 tenuity, or to any
fotfeilute ol' esiato, vet, lias a direct imulou ?/ to degrade his
ckaradcr. On thu point there lias been a' gioat diveisity
of opinion, ami the law mill icimuns not perfectly settled
by uuthoiities."
Mr. Greenleaf then goes on to cite a great many
authorities, and lays down what he thinks is &
middle line. Mr. Phillips, in a note to this text,
giving the arguments of those who sustain this
principle, that ft witness shall not be thus com-
pelled to testify,says:
c: They argue, further, thai it would ho an extieme griev-
ance to a witness to ho compelled to disclose pa-t trans-
actions of hi-. lift; which may have been  mcet foigotten,
and to expose In- chaiaetor anesh to evil reports, whem,
poihaps, by lus •-ubf-equentconduet. lie ma> have lecovered
the good opinion of the woikl: lhatii a witness bo privi-
leged from answering a question, though relevant to tho
matter in ls-ue, because it may tend to subject him to a
forfeiture of property, with much more reason ought he to
be excused fiom an*vvcring an irrelevant question to tho
disparagement and forfeit.ne of his ehauictcr ; that iu the
case ot accomplices, m which tins compuhory power of
cross-examination is thouirht to he more pamculaiij necos-
saiy, the power may bo pioperly conet'ded to a e.-rt.im
extent, because accomplice-? .-land in a peculiar situation,
being admitted to g.vo evulineu only under the implied
condition of making a toll and true eoiifi s.uon of thu whole
truth; but oven accomplices aie not to he questioned in
their cio-s-e\Hiimiatioii as to other offenses 111 which they
have not been concerned with tho prUonei; that with
respect to oilier witne^se-. the bc--t coui-.e to be adopted,
both in point of convenience and jus-tiep, is to allow the.
question to be a-kcd,at tue same time allowing the witness
to -h'-ller inmsclfunder his pnvilec" of iviti .me; to answer.*'
—Phil, and Jim. on, 7^Yi<Z..pp. 1)17,9U-; >2 lJiul. l-hnd., p. 422.
Ail these protecfions this hill proposes to dis-
pense with; and the only thing which it proposes
to give to the witness as a shield and a remedy
when you have broken down these provisions, is
simply that he shall not be subjected to a crim-
inal prosecution; that lie shall not be held—
" to answer criminally in any court of justice or subject
to any penalty oi foileitiuo lot any tact oi act touching
which he s-ball be r"qune<l to t.'-tii'y hcfoie eitliei lloin-e
of Congress, or any committee of oitli^i House, as to wmcli
he shall have tebtiiied, whether bei'o.e or aUoi the date of
this act.55
The bill in its terms is btoad. It covers the
whole land. It does not propose to confine the
scrutiny entirely to the District of Columbia.
The only place in which reference is made to
any court that is to try the oiunisc is in the con-
cluding part of the third section, which sa^/s:
" Tt -hall be the duty of the Fpeakei of the llovwe or the
Pie-ident of the Senate to certify the fact, mule*" the t-eal
of the House or Senate to the di^uiet afoiuc y tor the 3>i$-
IS trict of Columbia, whose duty it <-haU be to bring the mat-
| j ter before the grand jury for their action.
ll ' Then if the bill has nnv action outside of the
