436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
District of Columbia, (and certainly it has,) this
section, if it has any force at ail, subjects to the
jurisdiction of the "grand jury of the District
transactions that may have occurred in any State
of this Federal Union.
For these and various other reasons which !
might be suggested, I hope the bill will be laid j
over, or that it will be recommitted. It is a !
matter of public notorietv that the Committee \
on the Judiciary can have given it but a mere ,
formal examination, because, within ten minutes ;
after it was referred to the committee, the Senate ;
having been in session all the time, it was re-'j
ported back, and asked to be put on its immediate : j
passage. I think a bill making such vital, such jj
important, such radical changes in the law, as ,|
this does, should not be pushed through in this il
manner. If fSrced to its passage in its present ,j
state, I am compelled to vote against it. 'j
Mr. TOOMBS. Having repotted this bill, I j
should have accompanied it probably with some
statement; but 1 did not suppose it would meet ;|
with objection from any quarter on account of jj
very peculiar circumstances to which the Senator j
from New Hampshire has referred. b
It seems from the statement of the Senator that
the House of Representatives have been pursuing :!
an investigation in reference to crimes alleged to
have been committed by members of their own I
body. They find themselves suddenly brought j
up on one of the most, controverted questions of ;J
constitutional law—one extremely doubtful and i]
unsettled, and on which, 1 doubt not, 1, myself
should differ with a large majority of this body.
To settle that point, or at least to enable them to 'i
proceed with this legitimate investigation which 1
is demanded by their own honor as v. pil as by the
public interest, they propose to pass a new law. '
That new law is now before us. It is not liable 'j
to any of the "objections made by the Senator fiom 'I
New Hampshiie, Firs',it is not an ex po^tfveto j!
law. It does not malt" nay action criminal which
ivas innocent befoie. K :.\ ;i umvrr.sal rule of all f
our courts of justi-e, b'-th Federal and State; and >:
wherever the common law is administered, that ::
it is perfectly convieteiit at any time for the Le-
gislature to alt., r i'xr remedies, leaving the tact. "
The fact which tii.-y ate aset rtainaig here is, hps
there been coemption? has there oeei; bribery or j:
an attempt t.) bribe a member of the House of
Representatives, or an attempt to be bnbed by a 'I
member of'.lie House of Representatives, which
is made criminal by a statute passed by Congress f j;
In pursuing that investigation, ill order to punish !
the guib v, as they have a rigi t, to da by a law of , j
the land .not by parliammUary pn l^gr, (diegreat ' j
difficulty and troilbluheictothr,; lunv i,ei n on that i|
point,) bat by a siatute of Co;};;:-.".-'< maJcmg it i
criminal—in entka\ onr.2 to inn s ifaie il.ese facts
according to the usage and ii'im of iMrha- !
mentary bodies, they cull for >u>u. of ;h.) very .
persons who-make these ciie.rg.--s, an,i they are i
answered that a point of honoi prevecs ihit vs
from, telling on one another. The real question :
is, shall this honor among thieves prevent the
administration of public justice? The gentleman
who has been intrusted with this felony, foi hon- ,
or's sake cannot disclose it! That is the point '
to which the House of Represent .lives find them- ■
selves brought.
Again,_from the proceedings alluded to by the i
Senator from jSew Hampshire, i' appears that a
large portion of the House of Representatives and
of this body suppose they have the power, some-
times very vaguely called an inherent power,
to punish for contempt. Even the committees
of this body have held, somehow or other, that
we have trot hold of the powuis of the British 1
House of Commons. I am free to confess 1 to- ;
tally disbelieve tnat doctrine, and never did under- '
stand it. I know of no way of bringing laws to
operate within these ten miles square except by
the Constitution and the laws made m pursuance
thereof. We brought no common law here, either
patliamentary or any other. We have no other
law but \vh.\t we put here, .That is my judgment, !
but 1 do not intend to go into that point. When :
the committee came to make this witness testify,
he replied; "You h- ve no power; or if you have, i
I will disobey year authority." In such a case, j
some say there id 113 punishment; others hold i
that you may punish; but at all events the pun- i
ishment ia inadequate. And they say, it being j
our duty and our clear right, under thr statute \
which we passed ourselves, to punish our own
members for corruption, we will seek, the ordi-
nary modes which are necessary in the exercise
of that power to ascertain the truth of the allega-
tion. That is all this bill seeks to do. It says a
witness brought before a committee to investigate
these facts according to law. and the usages of j
Pailiament, shall testify; and if the witness will j
not do so, then the question arises as to the power j
to punish him—in the first place, whether it exists t
at all ? and then, what is its extent? If this bill j
sought to make an innocent past action criminal, 1
or sought to make anybody punishable for an act 1
not punishable before, it would be liable to con-
stitutional objection; but it does no such thing, j
It is prospective in its terms. It says, whenever
hereafter a witness, brought before'a committee j
of the Senate or House of Representatives, shall j
refuse to testify, the punishment for this act of j
contempt :-hall be so and so. It therefore has !
reference to no past act. There may be witnesses 1
who have in their bosoms facts that may be im- j
portant to thfi administration of public justice as 1
to events which transpired ten, twenty, or fifty ]
years ago; and they cannot protect themselves on I
the ground that they got possession of a material |
fact for the administration of justice before the j
law was passed. A law to operate on such a
case is not an ex post facto law.
The Senator from New Hampshire mistakes j
the fundamental meaning of an ex post facto law
in the Constitution of the United States. This 'I
bill affects to punish nobody for anything he ever <|
did. It professes to make nothing a crime that
was innocent yesterday; it professes in no way jj
to reach an act in the past, criminal or innocent; i;
and therefore by no possibility can it be made an j
exp'isl facto act. It is wholly prospective accord- jj
ing to the terms of this act. Whether a case j|
may arise to-morrow or Monday under it, does d
not make it ex pint facto. It. punishes nobody for j|
anything that was ever done before it became a jj
law. it makes criminal 110 act hitherto innocent; jl
and thirefoie it is far from that objection.
In the next place, we are told that it alters the
common law rule. I apprehend ninety-nine out '}
of every hundred acts passed since we have Sep- e
aratcd from Great Britain alter the common law I,
rule. That is what wo want with statutes; that jj
is exactly what you want with Legislatures, and -i
for nothing else in the main but to alter common jj
law rules. It is perfectly competent for Congress, jj
within the scope of the powers given them by
!lie Constitution, 111 whatever they legislate on, to !■
alter common law rules. The States every day j;
alter the common law rules. Some States do not |i
adopt the common law at all. The common law j[
does not obtain in all the States of the Union; it ij
need riot obtain in any. It ob*ains in none except I
by adoption by statute. When the Legislature
of a State declares that the common law shall be ;j
the rule for the administration of justice between h
man enu man until altered, then it is the law; and :j
it is the law becaus" it is so declared by th  Le-
gislature. It is not the law merely because it is !!
tiio common law;. It is not our law because it ij
was the law of our ancestors; but it is our law !j
because we will it according to our legislative
forms. Therefore it is no objection to the bill to H
say that it alters the common law rule, if that be h
not a good rule. We have found, throughout 'i
the States of the Union, as far as my researches j;
have extended, that the old common law rule, S
which the Senator has mentioned, is inadequate. 'I
We have ma.de confederates testify, in ail the '.
States of the Union without exception, as tar as
my iiiT'.stigations have gone, for the advance-
men: of public justice. We apply the principle
to {raniesrrrs 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore The Chair will
remind the Senator that the hour has anived for
the consideration of the tspeoial order of the day.
Air. STUART. 1 think we shall be advant-
aged in our business by disposing of one thing
at a time, and therefore I move to postpone the
special 01 der of t'ue day until this subject is ended.
Air. SEWARD. What is the sneeial order?
Mr. STUART. Private bills. *
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 iiope the special order will
be postponed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A resolution
was passed on the 18th of January, that for the
residue of the session private bills on the Cal-
endar shall be special orders at one o'clock on
Friday; and they must be taken up, unless post-
poned by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. STUART. I move to postpone the special
order until this subject is disposed of.
Mr: WELLER. I do not wish to interpose
ail objection, but I think that is not the proper
construction of the rule. The order assigning
Friday for private bills is a rule of the Senate,
and no rule can be changed without a day's
notice.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is only a
resolution.
Mr. STUART. The Senator is mistaken. It
is simply a resolution—not a rule.
Mr. WELLER. It is not the first time I have
been mistaken, but it is my opinion of the order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
to postpone the special order for to-day, until
the subject now before the Senate is disposed of.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is proposed, Mr. Presi-
dent, in the clause of the bill upon which the
honorable Senator fro*m New Hampshire has
commented, to alter the common law rule. I
grant, and I think for substantial reasons. It
was always a common law rule, and it is one of
the provisions of this bill, the necessity of which
must be very apparent, that a witness should be
compelled to testify before a proper tribunal.
The exemption allowed was that he should not
be compelled to criminate himself. This rule
has been modified in many States of the Union
co as to compcl him to testify even though ho
discloses his own crimes; but they have preserved
the fundamental principle of the rule by provid-
ing that 1ns own testimony under such circum-
stances shall not be used against him in any
criminal prosecution.
Mr. HALE. With the consent of the Senator
I will ask him a question. I have not examined
that point; but if he has, I ask, does not that
apply to a case where the witness voluntarily
discloses? Is there any case where an accom-
plice is compelled by law to disclose, and this
protection is held out?
Mr. TOOMBS. The gentleman is mistaken.
I am aware of the distinction to which the Sen-
ator alludes. Even at common law a witness
might voluntarily criminate himself. There is
no rule of law against that: but it was usual for
the King's counsel at common law not to prose-
cute one who disclosed the truth, although a
pledge not to do so did not precede the disclosure.
It was generally the understanding that if he
would tell the whole truth, and the King's coun-
sel was satisfied he had told the truth, and thereby
aided the promotion of public justice, he should
be allowed to go without day.
The laws of the different States, my own among
the number, compel accomplices to disclose the
facts with the very limitation contained in tins*
bill. The principle is universal, as far as my
knowledge goes of the statutes of the different
States. It is considered that the State has a right
to compcl a criminal to swear against his fellows.
The Legislature have thought proper (probably
so as not to offer too great a temptation to per-
jury, avoiding: the odious ancient doctrine of tor-
tuie, to compcl a confession, but as an inducement
to tell the truth) to dclore: " Whatever you say,
if public justice demands that you shall criminate
your confederates in crime, shall not be used
against you." An illustration is suggested by
1 the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Adams] as :o
. the law in my own State and others. The crime.
! of gambling is almost impossible to be proved
j without th" testimony of particeps criminiSt and
; persons miirht always escape if all prescntandpar-
; ncipaiing were excluded from testifying. Hence,
■ the gambling laws of tin; different States would
I become nugatory on account of the fact that, :f
' you bring up one «f the parties, he will say:
" My tfstauony will criminate myself, and there-
fore I am excluded." The States, therefore, said:
" You shall testify as to the crime of your con-
federates, but you shall be protected, and what
you testify shall not be given in evidence against
you, and to you shall come no harm on account
of it." It was considered more important that
society should be able to punish crime and put
down this particular vice, than that the individual
citizen should have the supposed right of saving
his own character.
The other rule to which the Senator from
