1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
487
Hampshire refers never was a, rule of universal
acceptance, and never was sound in this class of
cases. It is not the disclosure that makes any
witness infamous: it is the act. If he has the
money in his hand, or if he has sought it, there
is the brand. It is not in telling the fact, if he
tells it. Nothing he says can make him infa-
mous, if he does it according to the laws of his
country, unless he has committed a crime. All
they require of him is to tell some fact within
his knowledge that has transpired. Nothing he
can swear to can make him infamous unless he
is already infamous by the act which lie dis-
closes.
Well, sir, shall society be-defeated in punishing
the crime that a man may cover his individual
infamy? That is the only question which can
arise under this bill. Is it better for the common-
wealth that the infamous man shall be protected
from declaring his own infamy, or that society
shall be able to punish the highest crimes against
itself? I say if that was the common law, (which
I defiy, anu the gentleman's own authority ad-
mits it to have been questionable,) it is compe-
tent for us and for the States to change the com-
mon law when it is requisite to do so in order to
reach this class of crimes which are said to be
rife. From their very nature they are not dis-
coverable without extraordinary means. Who
can give the information except the persons who
offer or accept bribes, and the agents who go be-
tween them? How is it possible to discover this
particular crime unless you compel some of the
particcps criminis to disclose it? I know it is a
bad chance, but it is the only chance.
1 think the House of Representatives very
justly consider that it is due to their own honor-
it is due to the high interest of the country, that
they should protect the reputation of the legis-
lative department, by expelling its unworthy
members, or by vindicating the character of the
whole from the infamous slanders of a licentious
press and its miserable minions who are allowed
to go about these Halls. Then, sir, the simple
question is, does the Senate believe it to be better
that corruption, that bribery should continue to
exist, and poison society in the very head—in the
fountain spring; that corruption should not be
reached; that there should be no punishment for
it; that there should be continual immunity for
it; or that some of the criminals shall be com-
pelled to testify before committees of Congress
or courts of justice ? That is the question for the
Senate. If you believe protection for not making
public the infamy of the infamous is a higher
duty of the Legislature than bringing culprits to
punishment, the reasoning of the Senator from
Isevv Hampshire isunanswerahle; buton no other
principle. I hold that our first duty is to soci-
ety. These are crimes which, from their peculiar
nature, are such that we have a right to compel
nnybody to disclose. Congress has not before
legislated upon it; and I would fain hope that it
has been for the same reason that the Romans
had no law againstfiatricide foreighteenturies —
the crime had never existed. We had no law
heretofore—in seventy years of our existence—
upon this subject of compelling witnesses to tes-
tify; but the remedy must come when the offense
comes.
A charge is made in such a form that it is due
lo the public that it should be inquired into.
Then give the House of Representatives—give
yourselves every possible means that is justified
by precedent and the rights of the citizen to in-
quire into it. This is not one of the citizen's
rights. It is an exemption to him; it is an ease
and favor to htm that you do not make him tes-
tify against himself, it is out of tenderness for
the criminal that that is not done. We extend
to him that tenderness, and probably we have a
better chance against perjury by doing that than
if we punished him, and therefore it may be to
the interest of society. The bill is liable to no
other objection than that it changes the common
law rule. Why, sir, we have altered the common
law, and we ought to change it when the reason
for it has failed.
As this is a matter so nearly concerning the
honor of the House of Representatives and the
interest of the country, I- hope, though the bill
in some respects may be subject to criticism,
though it may give too large a measure of relief,
though it might be made more certain in some of
its provisions, though it might be made more
effective, wo shall neither delay nor baulk the
other Ilouse in so plain a question as this is, in
which they are simply seeking to compel those
who know anything concerning this species of
crime to come forward and testify. I am for
giving it to thorn quickly and at once. It is due
to justice, to the House, and to the country
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am very
much in favor of the object sought to be accom-
plished by this bill, and I shall vote very cheer-
fully for the bill as it is; but there is a section in
it to which I should like to call attention, and if
I understand it correctly, I think it ought to be
amended.
In my judgment, each branch of Congress has
power to protect itself, and has authority to sum-
mon witnesses, to examine them, and probably
to imprison them during; the session of Congress;
but I think it very proper that a bill should be
passed particularly defining this power, and im-
posing additional penalties, so that neither House
of Congress may be trifled with when U attempts
an investigation to purge itself of unworthy
members.
The provision to which I desire to call attention
is in the second section. If, Mr. President, I
understand that section, it provides that a party,
called to testify as a witness in regard to any act
or transaction, no matter what he testifies, cannot
afterwards be indicted m reference to that matter.
I fear that is going too far. Suppose a caste of
murdei; and a eommiilee of either House of
Congress inadvertently bnuuN beime it a witness
to whom a question is put relating to the trans-
action, without any knowledge or any intimation
that they have before1 ihem the guilty party, the
murderer, and he testifies—is n the intention of
this bill then to screen that man from an indict-
ment for murder? I think it is tpute right and
proper that the witness should not be prosecuted
for an oifense by himself which his own testi-
mony alone discloses; but if the bill is intended
to go ho far as to screen the witness from a pros-
ecution in regard to an art, when there is abund-
ant testimony to ennviet him of the crime without
resorting to his own evidence, it may be ques-
tionable if it does not go too far. The provision
is this;
" No person examined, awl tostifymsr bcfoio cither ffouwo
of Congicbh, or any committee of either iion.se, ^iall be held
to answei cunimaUy in any court of ju-.(u*e, or Mib|uct to
any penalty or forfeiture loi anv lUet or :iet lunching which
he fhall be required to te-nuv."
lie shall not be held to answei criminally in
regard to any fact or act touching which he shall
be required to testify, no matter how remotely;
he may be protected by the bill, as it seems to
me, from indictment for a veiy high crime. I
prefer that that provision should be changed, if I
understand it correctly. I think we ought not to
screen a witness from the just punishment due to
his crimes when they are ascertained, because he
may have been called before a committee, and
given testimony upon some immaterial point, it
may be, touching the crime itself; fur the irreatest
criminal could escape, if aeonmnUce of Congress
should think proper to call him before them to
give evidence, whether it were dime knowingly
or inadvertently. I should like to see that sec-
tion modified, if it means what I suppose. I
shall, however, vote for the bill as it is, for I
think some bill of this kind ought to be passed,
and passed promptly.
Mr. WELLER. 1 think this bill is a very
lame one. There are objections to the third sec-
tion which ought to be obviated, it seems to nif,
before-it passes the Senate. It would have been
the better plan, m my judgment, for Congress to
have declared that the refusal of witnesses to
testify before a committee of either branch was a
contempt, and px'oceed to punish for that con-
tempt m the «ame way that the courts of justice
are authorized to commit or fine a person for a
contempt of court by refusing to testify. But this
bill provides that, if a witness refuses to testify,
the Speaker of the other House, or the President I
of the Senate, shall certify that fact to thu district j
attorney. The district attorney will answer that j
whenever a grand jury may be in session, winch :
may be two or three months hence, lie will pro- I
ceed to lay the case before the grand jury. In !
the mean lime the witness is at large; there is no j
punishment at all mflictcd on him. I think the !
better plan would have .been to have declared it
a contempt of the authority of the House, and
proceed at oucg to inflict punishment for that con-
tempt by imprisonment. You might at the same
time subject the party to indictment in any.,of
the United States courts for the misdemeanor
thus committed. There is a gap in the bill.
Mr. HALE. All the objection, as I under-
stand them, which have been urged by the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia against .the points
which I made, apply to the whole principle.
They apply to all the protection which is ex*
tended by courts of justice, because his grounds
are broad. He says it is more for the interest
of society to protect itself and punish crime than
to protect the infamous, and that there can be no
infamy in disclosing the fact, but. that the infamy
is in the fact itself. That applitfc to the whole
broad doctrine; and if that is to be admitted as a
sufficient reason here, it is a good reason every-
where, and strikes down the whole doctrine of
protection for a witness in any court in any place.
That may be good law; it may be good sense; it
may be good philosophy, but such has not been
the wisdom of the world heretofore; such has not
been the practice of the States of this Union.
When the honorable Senator made his state-
ment as to what the practice had been in several
States, I asked him, with his permission, if he
^would state to me, speaking from knowledge,
whether any of the States had made it compul-
sory on an individual to testify against accom-
plices when it would criminate himself; or
whether the protection to which he alluded had
been extended when a witness voluntarily came
forward * The Senator instanced one set of cases
—I am told they do exist in several of the States
—the statutes against gambling, where, for par-
ticular reasons, it was necessary to withhold this
protection, because otherwise the statutes could
not be enforced.
Mr. EVANS. Sending a challenge for a duel
is another ca.se.
Mr. HALE. The honorable Senator from
South Carolina says ^they do so in dueling.
Dueling and gambling are two crimes not prac-
ticed in the section of the country where I live,
[laughter,] and therefore, these innovations have
not been introduced upon our Jaws. And, sir,
I apprehend it will be found on examination that
when exceptions of this sort have been created,
they have been, as is suggested,exceptions to the
general rule for the purpose of punishing a par-
ticular crime, which the necessities of the case
compel the law making power to adopt. But I
believe, as a general principle, the wisdom of this
safeguard will iind an advocacy in the breast of
every man who is acquainted with the practices
of the courts and the principles* of the common
law. The honorable Senator from Georgia says,
and with ^ieuL justice, that the common law does
not exi*<l in our country except where it has been
adopted by sti-tute, or he might have said by con-
stitutional provision. That i<Urue; but is it not
tin basis M' the laws of most of the States of this
Union' Is it nut the substratum upon which
our civil structure has been built up, with the
exception of a \ciy few Slates where the civil
law prevails,as I believe it docsin Louisiana and
some other States r
The wisdom of the great body of the common
law has been vindicated by the successive appro-
bation of ages. It has been said, and well said,
to be the perfection of human wisdom, and I
believe it is in its great, essential, and funda-
mental principles. Sir, i believe, in no particu-
lar is the wisdom of that system more apparent
nnd more manifest, than in that which protects a
witness from testifying in matters that may crim-
inatf, or divsgrace, or degrade himself. I objcct to
putting a witness before a committee of the llouse
of Representatives, or a committee of this Senate*
under circumstp nces where his reputation may not
be protected with .is great safeguards as when he
is testifying before the most learned judiciary in
the land. AVhv, sir, he wants vastly more pro-
tection here. There is more necessity for these
barriers lor his piotection when he comes before
a committee of the House of Representatives,,
who, whatever else may be said of them, are not ,
generally supposed to be so learned in the law"
as tire those judges of the State and federal
courts where witnesses are called t<#>testify, and
where they have this protection. You propose
