440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
Either speaking as a iawyer, or'according to the
common understanding of the English language,
the word " pertinent" covers it fully.
The idea that it will happen results from a forced
and wrong construction of this bill. The bill puts
the word " pertinent" covers it fully. j witnesses before a committee of Congress pre-
ThenexUvmendmentproposedbythehonorable i. cisely on the same terms, and loaves them with
Senator relates to the question of jurisdiction. I j! the same exemptions, that they have at common
suppose the principle to be clearly and unaltera- jj law,except in two respects. In the first place, the
bly settled* that no matter what law you pass it || bill takes away the exemption afforded at corn-
must so to a court of justice. This law does not ji mon law, that a witness need not testify where
the matter on which he may give testimony to
will criminate himself; and, in the second place,
it takes away the exemption that he may refuse
to testify when the matter may render him infa-
mous. The bill leaves every other exemption
where it was before—that resulting from the rela-
tion of husband and wife, and counsel and client.
This, it seems to me, must be apparent from an
inspection of the bill. The exception of partic-
ular exemptions of course excludes the exception
of all other exemptions. If the object of the bill
was that persons, called upon to give testimony
before a committee of Congress, should have none
of the exemptions allowed to witnesses at com-
mon law, the second clause would have been
propose to give to this miscellaneous political
body the power of punishment; but one of its
greatest recommendations is, that it transfers that
power of punishment to a court of justice after
judicial inquiry. All that is to be done in the
case of a refusal to testify is to certify the fact
to the district attorney, who is to lay it before the
grand jury, and if the party is indicted he is
bound to answer according to the terms of the
law, as any other person would for an offense
against the laws of the land. I think the bill
gives adequate protection against the dangers
which the honorable Senator froni New York has
given as a reason why it should not pass.
I am aware that legislative bodies have trans-
cended their powers—that under the influence of
passion and political excitement they have very
often invaded the rights of individuals, and may
have invaded the rights of coordinate branches !' is a forced construction of the b*Jl by which any
of the Government; but if oar institutions are other view is attached to it; and the attempt to
to last, uere can be no greater safeguard than jj amend it in this respect is to defeat it by a side
will result from transferring that which now jj blow. If there is a real substantial objection to
stands on an indefinite power (the punishment as the bill, it ought to be heard, and we can amend
well as the offense resting in the breast of cither jj it so as to meet that. If there is no such objec-
Kousc) from Congress to the courts of justice. !; tion. let us pass the bill at once. To say that it
When a case of this kind comes before a couit,
will not the first inquiry be, have Congress juris-
diction of the subject-matter?—has the House
which undertakes to inquire, jurisdiction of the
subject? If they have not, the whole proceedings
are coram nonjvdice and void, and the party can-
not be held liable under indictment. The couit
would quash the indictment if this fact appeared
on its face; and if it appeared on the trial they
not confer ? Can it take away the constitutional
powers of Congress ? Is it constitutional for the
Senate or House of Representatives to make a man
testify before them or their committees? That
is all this bill seeks to do. If either House should
attempt to take up a subject over which they had
no power, no bill passed by Congress could give
them authority, nor could it diminish any power
given them by the Constitution. That amend-
ment, therefore, is unnecessary.
That everybody intrusted with power will at
times abuse it I do not doubt. The Senate and
House of Representatives from the beginning, in
my judgment, have done so. Whenever they
have seized anybody and put him in custody, no
matter what he may have done, they have com-
mitted an outrage on the rights of the citizen,
unless they arrest him under a law passed in pur-
suance of the Constitution. To say that Con-
gress will violate laws and violate constitutions,
is only saying that they are human. They are
not exempt from the ordinary frailties of man-
kind. It is of the last importance, however, that
that if they did so they might be invaded. We
stand as a nation of law upon written constitu-
tions, making our rules of action clear and open,
or attempting to do so; and it becomes our duty
to define the privileges of the bodies of which we
are members, so that the citizen who transgresses
them may know the law beforehand. Until you
might be made better—to say that the measure of I pass such laws you can get no vote from me to
redress is not fully adequate, is notagood reason ' punish any one for breach of privilege.
why the Senate now should interpose to prevent ; Mr. BUTLER. Perhaps the relation in which
the passage of this bill which the House of Rep- I stand to this bill requires that I should say a
resentatives hare kent to us, and the passage of , ■ woid or two. I do not approve of the bill in all
which is now necessary for them. : its provisions; but it is a bill which ought to pass
The Senator from New York has told us of the ; now, and if any amendments to it are necessary
wrong things which the House of Commons have ' i they can be made hereafter. I do not regard it
done. This bouy, in my judgment, has done as .! as a perfect bill; but I have been here, and so
would direct the jury to acquit. I hold, there- j| absurd and as wicked things, and by that Sena- !i have you, Mr. President, long enough to see
fore, that the second amendment is entnely un-
necessary; and as it would only tend, probably,
to prevent the passage of th<- bill for some time,
and would have no useful effect if adopted, I
shall ote against it.
The third amendment might be more germane,
though 1 think no?, in the case cited by the hon-
orable Senator. There is no danger, however, in
my judgment, of the exercise of such a power on
the pait of either House as compelling a wife
in any case to testify against her husband. If
I supposed it was possible they could do so, i
should be opposed to the passage of this bill.
That is really one of those matters to which I
alluded when I said f thought amendments might
well be made, f do not apprehend any difficulty
in the case suggested by the honorable Senator
of an impeachment by the House of represent-
atives, and a trial before the Senate of the United
•{States. I have no fear that the wife of the party
tor *s vote, too. Against the lav/, in my judgment, :
they have attempted m some way to punish a
I citizen, and it was done by the unanimous vote
I of this body, except my own. I contended, in
| that case, that the only way you could reach the
i party was by passing a Jaw under the Constitu- '
I tion. You hare a light to parjs all laws neces- ,
I sary and proper for the faithful exercise of the ,
I powers vested in Congress by the Constitution.
! Nov/, why should we not pass a law to get rid •
, of the difficulties to which the Senator from New 1
. Hampshire alluded ? He says, that in one case ■
where we attempted to punish for contempt, the .
; Senate made an improper show of itself, and was .
; put to expense. We shall always have that
! show, and shall always be put to e5;pense in
such cases, until Congress passes a law reaching
them. Sir, you cannot g.t from me a vote of
condemnation for the mo t miserable wretch that ■
may hang around the purlieus of the Capitol,
standing impeached would be liable to be exam- ; until you have a law defining the act which ho .
ined as a witness against him, because I think I has done to be criminal. 1 shall not be criminal
this bill would not apply to a case of impeach-
ment atall. The case of impeachment is provided
for under the Constitution, by which the Senate
or base enough to vote to punish a man against
law under any of your pretended privileges of
. „ 4 Parliament. No matter what his act may be, I !
of the United States is turned into a court of jus- would not vote to punish him under any indefi- I
uce, and the chief justice, who is not a member j nite idea of privilege. You must have a law, *
of the Senate, presides for that purpose. I hold j! and then I will put him under the operation of I
that a bill of this kind could have no application (j the law. This law will punish the people whom j
whatever to the Senate sirtmgasa body to decide !i it is intended to reach. 1 If you defeat this bill,
judicially on an impeachment by the House of you have no law on the subject; and then, of \
Representatives,^ and could give no authority in i, course, the worst criminals may come here, and '
&ueh a case. We sit then as a court of justice,
with the jights of a court of justice, and this bill
lias no relation except to the sessions of Con-
gress in their legislative capacity, and therefore
the rf-c.son givf>n by the honorable Senator I do
not think sufficient for his third amendment.
As to any danger of the exercise of the power
no matter what may bo their oQbnses against the ■
body, those who hold my opinions cannot con-
: sent to punish them under any vague notions of
■ privilege.
such a mockery of proceedings to punish a con-
tempt of this body as to satisfy me that I never
would vote for such a proceeding again unless I
had some written law by which I could control
it. I recollect very well when this gentleman,
wlv> it was said published the Mexican treaty in
the Herald, was brought up here, and what was
the result? He was kept in the custody of the
Si-irgeant-at-Arms. I believe, for about a week,
whilst we were discussing his case, and I think
we paid his expenses, and we paid the Sergeant-
at-Arms live hundred dollars for entertaining him
at 1'H house very handsomely.
Now, how do we stand ? This very witness
has been brought here; and he can charge Con-
gress for his expenses in coming here, when he
positively refuses to subserve the ends of the
subpena which has been served on him. I have
never understood the common law principle to be
as some gentlemen have here intimated. When
a witness on the stand is called on to testify, it is
not enough for him to say that his answer will
implicate him in guilt. If he says that it will
necessarily do so, and a disclosure which he may
make to the judge shows it, then the judge may
very well authorize him not to answer: but I have
never understood the amplitude of a witness'
privilege to be such that lie could determine
whether he should be exempt or not; and it ought
not to be so.
I know nothing of this witness now in custody
under the order of the other House; but it may
be that he says, a i will not implicate myself in
this matter," when, in fact, it would not impli-
cate him. I do not allow the witness entirely to
assume jurisdiction over this subject. Myopin-
'  rain
!• I say that this bill, according to all proper rules ;! ion always has been, and is now, that, according
i| of construction, leaves the exemption in the case j! to the organization of every political body, the
i of husband and wife, and every other exemption
in other cases in inquiries heforeeither House, [ of the common law, except those which it takes
do not think there is any probability of that, end
if tht.re is, it tan be remedied subsequently. The
rail for J Ins bill is so urgent that it would he wise
to pass it at once, and to remedy any minor de-
fects by subserpient legislation.
Mr. TOOMbS. Tiic- only objection urged by
the Senator fr> in New York that has not been
fully answeied by the Senator from Delaware, is
the lactone, and th^ic I think my friend from Dei-
;uvan> is in MTor to ihe whole extent ^f his con-
cession. The dan^'r Tpp «.-h'^ided u imaginary
away. It takes away only the two exemptions
which I have attempted ro show fire properly
1 taken away. For this reason I think the amend-
| ment of the Senator from New York J3 unneccs-
1 sary.
j There is another point in his amendment. He
j proposes a proviso, that the inquiry in regard to
, Senate and the House of Representatives have
I power, under the law of self-preservation, the
i law of self-defense, the organic law of vitality—
1 yes, sir, the vitality of resentment, if you choose
! to caii it so—to defend themselves against any
i assault, any insult put upon them. I say we
have ample power now to bring up any witness,
1 and commit him to jail ii he does not answer.
Suppose on« stronger than yourself should take
which a man shall be called to testify shall be Ii you, sir, from that chair,and carry you out, and
within the constitutional powers of ^Congress. ii force the Senate to elect a President pro tempore
Does that Senator think that this bill can give to '■ in your absence, because violence had been in-
Congress poweir? which the Constitution do< & troduced into the Senate-: I should say immedi'
