1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
44%
Mr. LETCHER moved to amend by striking
out the last four words of the bill " and her legal
representatives."
The amendment was agreed to.,
The bill as amended was laid aside to be re-
ported to the House, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 533) directing the pension
due James Huey, deceased, and Jane Huey, his
widow, deceased, to be paid to their sole heir,
Alexander B. Huey, of Georgia.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Alexander B. Huey, $404 37 in full
payment of the pension, due James Huey, de-
ceased, for revolutionary services, and of the
pension due to Jane Huey, widow of said James,
also deceased.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 534) for the relief of William
Walton, a soldier of the war of 1812.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
•to place the name of William Walton, of the
State of Indiana, on the invalid pension roll, at
the rate of four dollars per month, as an invalid
from the 3d of December, 1855, during his lift.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 535) for the relief of Charles
Parish, a soldier of the war of 1812.
The bill directs the name of Charles Parish to
be placed on the pension roll of invalid pensioners
nt the rate of four dollars per month, commencing
the 3d December, 1855, and continuing during
ihis natural life.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 536) for the relief of Mary
Dusenbury. [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
A bill (I-I. R. No. 541) for the relief of George
Chorpenning, Jr. [Objected to by Mr. McMcl-
li.v.]
A bill (H. R. No. 555) to confirm to Charles
Waterman his title to certain lots in Milwaukee,
Wisconsin. [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
A bill (H. R. No. 557) for the relief of the sur-
viving children of Sarah Van Pelt, widow of
John Van Pelt, a revolutionary soldier.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to the surviving children of John Van Pelt
and Sarah Van Pelt tlie pension due to her from
the 4th of July, 1836, to her death, which occurred
on the 2i)th of May, 1854, at the rate of $31 75 per
annum.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will not object
to that bill, but it goes back two years more tliun
the law allows. The pension to which this man
was entitled became due under the act of July 7,
1838, and the several acts extending that act.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend by strik-
ing out " 1836," and inserting " 1838."
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill as
amended wits laid aside to be reported to the
House.
4. bill (H. R. No. 558) for'the relief of the
heirs or legal representatives of Joseph Burdon,
deceased, a revolutionary officer.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Joseph Burdon, only surviving personal
representative of Joseph Burdon, deceased, a
commissary in the revolutionary war, the sum
of $600, the arrears of pension for one year and
throe months from the 4th March, 1831.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (I-X. R. No. 559) for the relief of the heirs
of Peter Charlant, a revolutionary soldier. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Letcher.]
Mr. GREENWOOD. I ask the gentleman
from Michigan to withdraw his objection to the
bill for the relief of Wlntemarsh B. Seabrook and
others.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I have been requested
by several of my friands to withdraw my objec-
tion to that bill. I objected to it because I thought
that a bill of that character ought to be discussed
in this committee. If it be passed at all it ought
not to be passed without members of the com-
mittee understanding it. I cannot withdraw my
objection.
A bill (H. R. No. 560) for the relief of Edwin
M. Chaffee. [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Ten-
nessee.]
A bill (H. R. No. 561) for the relief of Cyrus
Buckland. [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
A bill (SPtifo. 310) for the relief of Horatio J.
Perry. [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Tennes-
see.]
A bill (H. R. No. 562) for the relief of Fran-
cis Dainese.
Mr. LETCHER moved that the bill, together
with the one preceding (S. No. 310) for the relief
of Horatio J. Perry, be laid aside, to be reported
to the House, with the recommendation that they
be referred to the Court of Claims.
Mr. STANTON. The Government will save
money by the passage of this bill.
Mr. LETCHER. It is to be lost anyhow.
The motion was agreed to.
A bill (H. R. No. 564) for the relief of Elijah
Close, of Tennessee.
The bil) directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Elijah Close, of Washington
county, Tennessee, on the list of invalid pension-
ers, at the rate of eight dollars per month, to
commence on the 3d of December, 1855, and to
continue during his natural life.
The bill Avas laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do
A bill (H. R. No. 565) for the relief of Eliza-
beth Riker.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Elizabeth Riker, of New York,
widow of William Riker, deceased, upon the pen-
sion list,at the rate of ton dollars permonth,com-
mencing March 4, 1856, and continuing during
her natural life.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (II. R. No. 88) for the relief of Amos
Armstrong, of Ohio.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Amos Armstrong, of Summit
county, Ohio, upon tho pension roll, and cause
to be paid him eight dollars per month for and
during the term of his natural life, commencing
on the 1st of January, 1847.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (S. No. 303) for the relief of Mrs. Jane
McCrabb, widow of the late Captain John W.
MeCrabb, assistant quartermaster United States
Army. [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Tennes- '
see.]
A bill (II. R. No. 575) for the relief of John
IIufT, of Texas.
Tho bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to John Huff, of Texas, $1,556, in full of
all demands against the Government of the Uni-
ted States for damages done to his property whilst
his house and premises were in possession of a
battalion of United States infantry in December,
1848.
The report of the committee states that the
memorialist was the owner and in possession of
a farm near Port Lavacca, m Texas, and that in
the fall of 1848, while the Unilod States troops
were passing through Texas, under the command
of Major Morrison, they took possession of his
house, farm, buildings, &c., for an army hospi-
tal, and used it for that and other purposes for a
number of days, thereby depriving the family of
the memorialist and himself of the undisturbed
and free use of the same, and destroying, during
such use,alarge amountof his personal property,
exhausted all his grain and forage, and entirely
rumed, as well as stole, nearly all of his house-
hold furniture.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
An act (S. No. 46) for the relief of John H.
Home.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to John H. Horne, of Mississippi, $650 50.
It appeals that Mr. Horne became the pur-
chaser of certain Indian reservations under the
treaty of Dancing Itabbit Creek, and paid to the
Indians, according to contract, fifty cents per
acre for the land so purchased. Afterwards the
President of the United States (General Jackson)
directed the patents to be withhold until said
Horne should pay an additional sum of seventy-
five cents per acre. This Horne agreed to do.
In December, 1838, A. A- Kinconnoo,,Esq,,tm
appointed an agent by tho President, to inves-
tigate, adjust, and settle the matters in dispute
growing out of the purchase of these reservaftisms.
To this agent Horne paid tho additional-seveftty?
five cents per aero, and Kincannon reported the
paymenttothe Department. He failed, however,
to account for the money, and subsequently died
insolvent. The Department refused to acltnowb
edge the validity of tho payment, and required
Horne again to pay seventy-five cents per acr#
for the land, which he did, protesting that it was
unjust.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pasa.
A bill (H. R. No. 586) for the relief of Shad-
rach Calloway.
The bill directs the proper accounting officers
to allow and pay out of tho Treasury to Shadrach
Calloway $1,350, for work done by him on the
Tennessee river, under his contract with Brevet
Lieutenant Colonel J. McClelland, dated Sep-
tember 16, 1853, according to the account ap-
proved and certified by the agent placed in charga
of the work at the death of the said officer.
Mr. SNEED. I desire to submit the following
amendment.
Suite out all after the enacting clause, and insert as
follows:
That all the unadjusted contraetS'under the ^pprppriatlqn
for the Tennessee river, made heretofore, be, and tlie same
hereby are, iltrceted to be audited under the direction of the
Secretary of War, and when so adjusted, tile same shall
be paid out of any moneys in the Treasury not ottierwiso
appropriated.
With the consent of the House I will make a
statement of this case, which will occupy much
less time than the reading of the voluminous re-
port of the committee. The case is a meritorious
one, and ought to pass. But there are others of
a like character and merit, and there ought to be
general provision instead of specific relief in each
individual ease.
Mr. SHERMAN. I feel it to be my duty to
object to discussion.
Mr. SNEED. I only ask to make a statement
in lieu of reading the report. I will not take two
minutes.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I appeal to the gen-
tleman from Ohio to withdraw his objection, in?
asmuch as I objected to this case the other day,
and if there is any merit in it I should like to
know it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw it.
Mr. SNEED. At the Thirty-Second Congress
an appropriation of $50,000 was made for the im-
provement of the Tennessee river, and tho work
was directed to be done under the superintend-
ence of the War Department. The Secretary of
War detailed Lieutenant Colonel McClelland, of
the Topographical Engineers, to superintend that
work. Ill the discharge of that duty he made
certain contracts. This claimant was one of the
contractors for the erection of dams, &c. Before
his death he ascertained that, by neglect of his
clerks, the appropriation was exhausted before
the contracts were liquidated, and before even
some of the common laborers were paid.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. How much will this
bill appropriate ?
Mr. SNEED. About four or five thousand
dollars. My amendment provides that the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury shall audit and
adjust these accounts, and pay them where the
contracts have been made with the regularly au-
thorized officers of the Government. I prefer to
do that in preference to a committee of this House
taking ex parte evidence of any claims, although
they may be those of my constituents, and fixing
the amount to be paid.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The bill is
a just one to my knowledge.
Mr. SNEED. The amount I have reported
is just what the Committee on Commerce has
reported. .
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This is a bill
making an appropriation ta pay an unexpended
balance in river improvements, and I do not think
we have any authority to make themi I cannot
give my sanction to the principle of this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish the
gentleman would hear the report read, and he
would understand the case.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand it.
I cannot g-ivo my sanction and approval to the
