448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
principle of this bili by permitting it to go by
this daj'without objection. If the committee are
disposed to vote upon it and take that course,
they may do so. I can then vote against it, but
it cannot be laid aside unanimously.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman with-
draw his objection ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I simply call for
a vote, in order that I may vote against it.
Mr. SNEED. The common laborers of the
country must, under the rule of my colleague
from Tennessee, make a calculation with "the
agents of the Government before they can make
a contract.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
A bill (H. R. No. 587) for the relief of Captain
Thomas Duncan, of the United States Army.
The bill provides that Thomas Duncan, as the
assignee and owner of the following warrants,
issued under the act of September, 1850, viz:
No. 9740, for eighty acres, in the name of George 1
Chewning, issued July 10, 1851; No. 31138, for !
forty acres, in the name of Benjamin Lindsley,
issued November 29, 1851; No. 44798, for forty
acres, in the name of Eleanor P. Pool, issued
March 6, 1852; No. 53304, for forty acres, in the
name of Turner Brown, issued April 28, 1852;
No. 55108, for forty acres, in the name of George
Bromer, issued April 29, 1852; No. 53140, for
forty acres, in the name of Labon Mauldin,
issued April 24, 1852, the originals of which,
with assignments thereon in his favor, have been
lost, be authorized to locate, in his name, and as
his property, the duplicates of said warrants,
which have been, or may be, issued from the
Commissioner of Pensions; and upon said loca- i
tions being made according to the stipulations of I
the act of 1850, patents shall issue for the same,
as in ordinary cases. I
_ The petitioner bought and had specially as- !
signed to him, with the view of having them 1
located on public lands in the State of Missouri,
the land warrants described in the bill. These
warrants, thus assigned to the petitioner, Cap-
tain Thomas Duncan, were inclosed and depos-
ited ill the post office in this city, to be mailed
to Be la M. Hughes, of St. Joseph, Missouri, to
bo by him, as attorney for Captain Duncan, lo- :
cated in his, said Duncan's, favor. It appears,
however, that the warrants never readied Hughes, !
and have been lost. Duncan has applied to the '
Pension Office for duplicates of the land warrants, !
and nas shown the facts and the loss of said land !
warrants to the satisfaction of the Commissioner '
of Pensions, so as to enable the petitioner to ob-
tain tlie issue of duplicate land warrants; but .
the Commissioner of the_ General Land Office
does not recognize the assignments on said lost'
land warrants showing said"Duncan's ownership
thereof, though satisfied, as is the Commissioner i
of Pensions, of such ownership; nor can he do
so, as the genera! law stands, unless specially i
authorized; and it is morally impossible for Dun-
can to find the original warrantees, so as get their :
assignments anew. A caveat having been duly \
enteied m the General Land OfTicc against the I
issue of patents on the lost land warrants, the i
Government is thereby protected against any lia-
bility thcroon.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (rl. R. No. 588) for the relief of the !
legal representatives of Edmund H. McCabe,
assignee of Antoine Soulard. ;
oill provides that the legal representatives
of Edmund II. McCabe, assignee of Antoine
ooulard, be authorized to enter, of the public i
lands of the United States subject to entry, at
not exceeding §1 25 per acre, such quantity of i
land as ims been sold by the United States within
the boundaries of the claim of Antoine Soulard, 1
confirmed by the Supreme Court of the United
states at January term, 1836, from the time of '
filing the petition on which the confirmation was
made to the issue of «the patent under such con-
firmation, and that a patent or patents shall issue -
therefor. |
It appears from the report that on the 20th ;
April, 170G, Znion Trudeau, Governor of Upper {
Louisiana, granted to Antoine Soulard ten thou-'
sand arpents of land, at a point fifteen miles west
Congress 26 th May, 1824, conferring jurisdiction ;
on the district court of Missouri, to enable claim- 1
ants of land within said State to institute suit to
try the validity of their claims, the said Antoine
Soulard, on the22d August^L824,fila§his petition
in said district court, praying for a confirmation
of the title of said land. The said petition also
stated that 2,067.82 acres of said land had been,
prior to the filing of said petition, sold by the
Government of the United States, and prayed for
the latter quantity he might be allowed to locate
a like quantity on other public lands of the United
States. The said Antoine having subsequently
died on 27th March, 1825, Julia Soulard, his
widow, and James, Henry, Eliza, and Benjamin,
his children and heirs-at-law, were made parties
to this petition.
The district court having, on the hearing of
the petition, decided against the validity of the
said title, an appeal, as provided by law, was
taken to the Supreme Court of the United States,
where the case was twice argued; and at the Jan-
uary term, 1836, the court delivered a unanimous
opinion, in which they held that the said claim
to land " is a good and valid title thereto by the
law of nations, the laws, usages, and customs of
Spain, the treaty between France and the United
States for the cession of Louisiana and the stip-
ulations thereof, as well as the acts of Congress
in relation thereto." The court then decreed that
" the title to the land embraced in the concession
and survey, which has not been sold by the United
States, is valid by the laws and treaty aforesaid,
and is hereby confirmed agreeably to said con-
cession and survey;" and, further, that the claim-
ants should have a right to enter the same quan-
tity of land as may have been sold by the United
States within the'boundaries of said tract prior
to the filing of said petition.
In pursuance of this decree a survey was made
by the surveyor general, which was executed and
approved 19th September, 1840. This survey
shows that the tract contained 10,000 arpents,
equal to 8,506.94 acres. It also shows that the
Government had sold, prior to the filing of the
petition aforesaid, 2,120.58 acres, for which the
claimants received a certificate of relocation, as
provided for m the decree of the Supreme Court.
It further appears that, between the period of
filing the petition and the date of the decree of
the Supreme Court m 1836, the Government of
the L nited States sold other large portions of the
land lying within the boundaries of said claim.
It is for an equivalent for these lands that the
petition if? now presented.
Ihe bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 489) for the relief of Henry
T. Mudd, of Missouri.
The bill declares that, whereas Charles Burke,
on tne 15ih of March, 1856, entered, at the land
January 28.
, ^ *; at Wie ituiu
j oince at i almyra, .Missouri, under the provisions
 j; me piuv isiuus
ot the preemption act of September 4, 1841, the
southeast quarter of section thirty-four, township
fifty-one, range two west, containing one hun-
dred and sixty acres, for which be paid g200, per
receiver's receipt No. 29293, winch entry failed
for want of proof, and was canceled at the Gen-
eral Land Office; and whereas Henry T. Mudd,
before the entry was canceled, in good faith, but
m ignorance of the provisions of the preemption
law, bought the land of Burke for $800, and holds
a deed from Burke, dated March 17,1854; but
the purchase money, as the law stands, and has
been construed by the General Land Office, can-
not oe paid to Muud, though the equitable ri°-ht
is acknowledged to be in him, and Burke has
gone to parts unknown, and his order or power of
attorney cannot be had, the transfer of Burke to
Mudd^shall be received and treated as an admis-
sion Oi tne right of Mudd to the repayment of the
purchase money on the entry, ($200,) and that
the same shall be refunded to him accordingly
The report states that one Charles Burke, on
the J 5th of March, 1854, entered at the land office
at Palmj-ra, Missouri, under the preemption a^t
of the 4th of September, 1841, the southeast quar-
ter of scction thirty-four, township fifty-one, of
range two west, containing one hundred and sixty
acres, for which he paid $200, (as per receiver's
receipt, No. 529293.) Upon the final decision of
the case at the General Land Otfice, the entry-
was dftHnrcw? iilarro 1 .4   • i _ n  
of the Mississippi river, and seventy miles north i was declaredseTJm? ' R
Of the port of St. Lou,*. That un<L the act of I the
: T. Mudd for $800, which was paid to him bv
i Mudd. Eurke being an Irishman, who had taken
no steps towards naturalization, and having no
family, nor any visible means except his "pre-
emption, soon after his sale thereof, removed to
parts unknown, and Mudd was allowed to re-
enter the land at Government price. The Com-
missioner of the General Land Office then de-
cided that Burke, or his authorized agent, was
entitled to receive back his entrance money
(#200,) as his entry had been set aside. The
petitioner, Mudd, however, applied to the offi-
cers of the Palmyra land office, exhibited hia
deed duly executed from Burke, and claimed that
$200 should be paid to him instead of Burke, and
I the case made by him was sent on to the General
| Land Office for its determination. The Commis-
; sioner, however, in answer, informed Mudd that
I notwithstanding the facts above stated, and the'
equity of his claim, which was acknowledged,
the money could not be paid to any one°but
Burke, or his authorized agent, in consequence
of the twelfth section of the preemption law,
which declares " all assignments or transfers of
the right acquired by the preemption law, prior
I to the issue of a patent, null and void." The
' whereabouts of Burke being unknown, as above
, stated, his power of attorney cannot be procured.
; The Commissioner of the General Land Office
and the Secretary of the Interior both concur 111
, recommending the passage of a remedial act by
: Congress, authorizing them to recognize Mudd
| as the assignee of Burke, so far as the right to
;| receive the $200 is concerned, and that thereupon
j; the same would be paid to him.
j The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
I: House, with the recommendation that it do pass,
ij A bill (H. It. No. 590) for the relief of the
heirs or legal representatives of Jeremiah Bryan.
'I The bill authorizes the heirs or legal represent-
I; atives of Jeremiah Bryan, late of the parish of
ji St. Helena, Louisiana, to select from, and to
jj enter and locate, free of cost, in the proper land
;j office, six hundred and forty acres of any of the
!j public lands in the Gree,nsburg (late St. Helena)
jj land district, in Louisiana, according to legal
.[ subdivisions; and that such right of entry or loca-
,, tion shall be exercised in full satisfaction of the
i confirmation made to Bryan under the act of
;j March 3, 1319, according to the leport of actual
'! settlers in said district, made by J. O. Cosby,
!: and to certificate of confirmation No. 209, issued
.j by the register and receiver of said land office;
provided the selections shall be made from lands
i subject to sale by private entry, at a minimum of
j not more than $1 25 per acre; and patents shall
I issue therefor, as in ordinary cases of entry and
; sale.
The report having been read, the bill was laid
, aside to be reported to the House, with the rec-
omniendation that it do pass.
<! A bill (H. R. No. 591) for the relief of Mary
j| Woodbury, Elizabeth Odell, and others.
The lull provides that upon the presentation
Jj of satisfactory proof to the Secretary of the In-
terior of the non-payment of the moneys, or any
j, part thereof, to which Mary Woodbury, (late
!! Mary Taliaferro,) Elizabeth Odell, (late Eliza-
]! beth Williams,) G. H. Moreau, Sophia Morcau,
[! Antoine Mnreau, and Joseph La Battc were de-
clared entitled under the treaty of September 29,
!, 1837, with the Sioux nation of Indians, the Sec-
j retary shall make certificates of the amount due
j I and unpaid to each individual above named; and
j, upon the presentation of the certificates to the
^ Secretary oi_ the Treasury, the same shall be paid
n to the individuals, or their legal representatives,
' °«r of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
j' appropriated.
; In 1337, the Government of the United States,
'■ by treaty of that date with the Sioux Indians,
stipulated to pay to the relations and friends of the
chiefs and braves of said Indians, having not less
than one fourth Sioux blood, $110,000, to be dis-
,, trihuted by the proper authorities of the tribe,
! upon principles to be determined by the chiefs
;■ and braves, and the War Department. In 1838,
t the War Department appointed Messrs. Pease and
Ewing commissioners to carry into execution the
!■ clause of the treaty above referred to; and in
| September, 1836, the commissioners met the
i; chiefs and braves, and it was determined by them
that the petitioners, Mary Woodbury (then
