THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON ID  C,
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1857.
New Series..No.
Taliaferro) and Elizabeth Odell (then Elizabeth
"Williams) were entitled to. receive, under the
treaty, the former $750, the latter $500; and that
J H. Moreau, Sophia Moreau, Antoine Moreau,
and Joseph La Batte, children and ward of Joseph
Moreau, were entitled to likewise receive, the
first ยง750, and the other three $500 each. The
commissioners, however, ordered the above sums
to be paid, for the first two payees, to Lawrence
Taliaferro, antj for the four last-named payees, to
Samuel C. Stambaugh, as trustees; and it is not
shown by the evidence, or by the record kept by
the commissioners of their acts, that the chiefs
and braves were consulted, or in any manner con-
sented to the appointment of these trustees, or the
payment of the money into their hands. The
evidence in the case shows that but a small pro-
portion of the above sums was paid or appropri-
ated to the use and benefit of the abovenamed
payees by the trustees.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (S. No. 360) for the relief of Thomas J.
Churchill, late a lieutenant in the first Kentucky
regiment of volunteers.
The bill authorizes and directs the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury, in settling the
accounts of Thomas J. Churchill, late a lieuten-
ant in the first Kentucky regiment of volunteers,
and acting commissary and quartermaster during
the war with Mexico, to allow him a credit in
full for whatever amount may be charged against
him upon the books of the Treasury Department,
as commissary and quartermaster, in the same
manner as if he had presented vouchers therefor,
all his accounts and vouchers having been loslor
destroyed during his imprisonment by the Mex-
icans, m 1947.
This bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation thai it do pass.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 28) appropriating
money to test George R. Scriven's incendiary
projecting shell. [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 29) for the relief
of Israel B. Bigelow.
The bill provides that a pension of fifteen dol-
lars per month, during his natural life, be allowed
to Israel B. Bigelow, of Texas, to commence from
the 14th of January, 1847, the day on which he
was severely wounded and disabled by the enemy,
while bearing important dispatches from Major
General Patterson to General Quitman, during
the march of the division of volunteers from Vic-
toria to Tampico, in Mexico.
The memorialist was a contractor, in 1847, to
furnish beef to the forces of the United States in
the Mexican war, on their March from Victoria
to Tampico, Mexico; on the 14th of January in
that year he left Victoria, with a part of the Uni-
ted States troops, for Tampico, leaving cattle and
men in that place to supply*with beef the brigade
commanded by General Quitman, which was to
follow the succeeding day. .On the 19th of the
same month, he was called upon by Lieutenant
Elliott, an assistant commissary of subsistence,
and informed by him that his men had failed to
supply General Quitman's brigade with beef, on
account of their having lost the cattle. The
, memorialist was ordered to return forthwith and,
if possible, to obtain beef for the brigade, and if
he could not, to notify General Quitman that he
would deposit bacon at certain points <jn the
route to supply his forces. The petitioner also
received orders from General Patterson, to con-
vey to Genera! Quitman, to the effect that he had
found it impossible to obtain sufficient fiftage for
"' the animals, and that those in his brigade must
be put upon the same allowance of a quarter
ration to which he had limited those in his divis-
ion. In returning to convey to General Quitman
these ordevs, and when about twenty miles in the
"rear of General Patterson, he was attacked, in
both front and rear, by about twenty Mexican
cavalry, and was shot through the left leg with
a one and a quarter ounce ball, which passed
through and fractured the head of the tibia, close
29
to the knee-joint. Pursued by the enemy, with
his limb shattered, he was forced to ride eight
miles on liprseback before meeting General Quit-
man. When he reached him he was suffering
severely from his wound, but saying nothing
about it he-proceeded to deliver his orders. The
General noticing his agonizing appearance and
the blood streaming down his legs, remarked to
him, "You are badly hurt." He replied, "I
know I am, and expect to die; but I must con-
vey to you the orders with which 1 am charged."
He then informed the General of the orders, in
detail, before dismounting. After this he suffered
seven days' torture, laid out in a wagon without
springs, in proceeding to Tampico over a miser-
able road,, at which place he was confined in bed,
without once being removed, for one hundred and
four days, and for the space of three years there-
after lie was unable to walk without crutches,
lie still suffers with a stiff leg and knee, covered
with ulcers, and has expended a largo amount of
money in treating it, without reference to his loss
of time, intensity of suffering, &c.
Mr. LETCHER. - 1 move to amend the bill
by striking out the words " 14th day of January,
1847," and inserting in lieu thereof, " 1st day of
January, 3856."
Mr. QUITMAN. 1 have very little to say
except to remind my friend from Virginia that
this inll was reported in part on account of the
extraordinary expenses incurred m curing tins
man. It seems to mo right that the pension should
commence from the unie he was wounded.
Mr. LETCHER. The next tlung will be that
this bill will be claimed as a precedent. I have
objected in other like cases, and what is fair for
one is fair for all.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has this Man
been a pensioner ?
Mr. QUITMAN. He never has been.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think the proof
here very clearly shows that this man was disa-
bled from the Lime of the receipt of the wound,
and the reason why the pension commences from
the time of the perfection of the proof is the
presumption that they always make it when the
disability occurs. I think it is probably right as
to the time of commencement. As to the amount
I know nothing.
Mr. LETCHER. I am not willing to observe
a rule towards one that f will not towards another.
Mr. QUITMAN. If the gentleman insists
upon the amendment, 1 shall have to ask the
committee to adopt it, rather than have the com-
mittee broken up by a vote.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House, with the recommendation that it do
pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 592) for the. relief of Brevet
Major James Bclger, of the United States Army.
The bill directs the proper accounting officers
of the Treasuiy to allow to Brevet Major J.imcs
Belger, of the United States Army, in the settle-
ment of his accounts with the Government, ยง9,300,
being the amount stolen from him by Ins late
principal clerk, John S. Sheahan, whilst ho was
acting in charge of the quartermaster's depart-
ment in San Antonio,Texas; provided, that pre-
vious to the allowance, Bclger assign to the Gov-
ernment of the United States the judgment found
in his favor in the district court in the county of
Bexar, in Texas, against John S. Sheahan, for the
amount of the embezzlement, and the benefits of
the attachment issued by the court at the instance
of Belger, on the property of Sheahan, and all
control over the proceedings of the aforementioned
case.
It appears that Brevet Major Belger, whilst he
was in charge of the quartermaster's department
at San Antonio, Texas, through the dishonesty
of his clerk, who had been employed in the ser-
vice for many years, and whose previous official
conduct had insured Tor him the greatest degree
of confidence in his integrity, by means of a false
entry in the monthly summary statement for the
monthof April, 1855, was defrauded out of $9,300,
taken from the money of the Government then
in the hands of the major for disbursements for
quartermaster's stores for the use of the Army,
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation thatitdo pass.
_ Mr. STEPHENS moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Leiteb. reported that the
Committee of the Whole House had had undir
consideration the Private Calendar, and had in-
structed him to report sundry bills, some with
and some without amendments, with a recom-
mendation that the amendments be concurred in
and the bills passed; and also a bill (S. No. 310)
and n bill (H. R. No. 562,) with a recommenda-
tion that they be referred to the Court of Claims.
The following bills, reported back without
amendment and with a recommendation that they
pass, were severally ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, they
were accordingly read the third time, and passed:
A bill (II. R. No. 529) for the relief of Van
Rensselaer Hall;
A bill (H. R. No. 531) for the relief of the
children of James Phelps, a revolutionary sol-
dier;
A bill (II. R. No. 533) directing the pension
due .Tames Tluey, deceased, and Jane Huey, his
widow, deceased, to be paid to their sole heir,
Alexander B. Hu'sy, of Georgia;
A -bill (II. II. No. 534) for the relief of Wil-
liam Walton, a soldier of the war of 1812;
A bill (II. R. No. 535) for the relief of Charles
Parish, a soldier of the war of 1812;
A bill (H. R. No. 558) for the relief of the
heirs or legal representatives of Joseph Bindon,
deceased, a revolutionary officer;
A bill (H. R. No. 564) for the relief of Elijah
Close, of Tennessee;
A bill (H. R. No. 565) for the relief of Eliza-
beth Riltcr;
A bill (H. R. No. 88) for the relief of Amos
Armstrong, of Ohio;
A bill (H. R. No. 575) for the relief of John
Huff, of Texas;
A bill (fl.R. No. 587} for the relief of Captain
Thomas Duncan, of the United States Army;
A bill (H. R. No. 588) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Edmund H. McCabe,
assignee of Antoine Soulard;
A bill (H. R. No. 589) for the relief of Henry
T. Mndd, of Missouri;
A bill (II. R. No. 590) for the relief of the heirs
and legal representatives of Jeremiah Bryan; and
A bill (II. R. No 593) for the relief of Mary
Woodbury, Elizabeth Odell, and others.
The following Senate bills, reported without
amendment, and with a recommendation that
they pass, were severally ordered to be read a
third time; and were accordingly read the third
time, and passed:
An act (No. 211) malcing a reappropriation
from the surplus fund for the relief of Lieutenant
John Guest, United States Navy, and others;
An act (No. 461) for the relief of John H.
Home; and
An act (No. 3C0) for the relief of Thomas J.
Churchill.
The following bills and joint resolution were
reported with amendments, and with a recom-
mendation that the amendments be concurred in,
and the bills passed:
A bill (H. It. No. 532) for the relief of the heirs
of Mary Hooker;
A bill (H. II. No. 557) for the relief of the
surviving children of Sarafj Van Pelt, widow of
John Van Pelt, a revolutionary soldier; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 23) for the relief
of Israel B. Bigelow. . ,
The amendments to bills 532 and 557 were
severally concurred in; the bills, as amended,
were ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and being engrossed, they were accord-
ingly read the third time and j
