450
THE COiVURJ&SIONAL GLOBJg.
January 24,
n- !'j Mr. PAINE..
I employ a clerk ?
Was this officer allowed to
Mr. QUITMAN moved tlsat the House non
concur wish the amendment reported by the Com. j -
roittee 'of the Whole House to joint resolution ij Mr. HOUSTON. This was a clerk employed I
(II R So. 29) for the relief of Israel B. Biga- j: and paid by the Government.
low as follows; |! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. AqAas clerk he
' • - - - J -- 1   -:~u* *- the
Strike oat the words '• I4th day of January, 1847," and
inseit the words " l<t day of Januaiy, I806."
.Mr. LETCHER. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Tiie yeas and nays were not^ordered.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
The question being on its passage,
Mr. LETCHER called for the yeas and nays, j
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the joint resolu-
tion was passed.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
Table; which latter motion was agreed to. !
The following bills were reported by the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, with a recommenda-
tion that they be referred to the Court of Claims;
An act (S. No. 310) for the relief of Horatio J.
Perry; and
An act (H. R. No. 562) for the relief of Fran-
cis Dainese.
Mr. STANTON. The bill No. 569 is report-
ed by the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, [Mr. Pennington,] who is not now pres-
ent. I think he should have the opportunity of
being heard as to what disposition he desires to
■ be made of it. I therefore move that its further
consideration be postponed till next Friday.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is one of the
1 O V i * * **■ J y \J l XCii'^vOO[/r, J. ItClt iO vllv Vl IX1C/ | "11 1 .
bills recommended to be referred to the Court of j! s ^
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee.
j#had, as I conceive, no right to the custody of
(l public moneys. Money left in his care, there-
h fore, w.as at the risk of this disbursing officer.
, For these reasons I cannot vote for the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee,demanded the yeas
and nays on its passage.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the bill
be laid on the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
The bill was passed.
Mr. HOUSTON moved that the vote by which
the bill was passed be reconsidered, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which Senate bill (No. 310) for the relief
of Horatio J. Perry was referred to the Court of
Claims. I ask only that the motion may be
entered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table,
j Mr. STANTON. The chairman of the Com-
j mittee on Foreign Affairs who reported this bill
is absent, and I only move to reconsider in order
' that it may be kept before the House until he
Claims—is it not?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. -Then this House
cannot lake the course suggested by the gentleman
from Ohio. The bill must either go to the Court
of Claims, or be referred back to the Committee ■
of the Whole House. It makes an appropria-
Mr. .lONES, of Tennessee. It came here for
reference to the Court of Claims, and could have
got here for no other purpose.
Mr. STANTON. , It was not brought here on
rfty motion.
Mr. GREENWOOD moved to adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER. I appeal to the gentleman
tion, and it has had no consideration in committee. j to withdraw his motion to adjourn until I can
' have a motion made in the case of Almanzon
Huston.
The SPEAKER. The question is whether
the House will concur in the report of the com-
mittee, and that subject can be postponed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The bill has not
"been considered in Committee of the Whole
Ho^se.
The SPEAKER. .It cannut be disposed of
until it shall have bnen considered in committee;
but the subject of concurring m the report may
be postponed till next Friday.
The question was taken, and the motion to
postpone was agreed to.
The report of the Committee of the Whole
'House, recommending the reference of the bill
(S. No. 310) for the relief of Horatio J. Perry to
the Court of Claims, was concurred in.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for a sepa-
rate vote on the bill (H. R. No. 592) for the re-
lief of James Bei^er, of the United States Army,
reported by the Committee of the Whole House,
with a recommendation that it do pass
Mr. J said: Mr. Speaker, I understand this
biil is for the relief of Major Belger. The facts
of the case, as I understand them, are these: He
! Mr. GREENWOOD withdrew the motion to j
: adjourn. |
i Mr. L.ETCHER. This case was reported from i
! the Court of Claims with a recommendation that
1 it be rejected. Evidence not before that court has
been filed with the papers before the Committee
: of Claims. The friends of the bill desire that it
should go back to the Court of Claims for recon-
sideration on this additional evidence. My mo-
tion is that the Committee of the Whole House
be discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Court of Claims.
Mr. PAINE. Has it been before that court
already ?
Mr. LETCHER. It has; but the attorney, or
solicitor5 neglected to go to the Post Office Depart-
ment for the evidence in the case. It was decided
without the evidence which is now to "be pre-
sented.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GREENWOOD moved to adjourn.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the motion to adjourn until I can move
quartermaster in Texas. Being a dis- !• to take up the resolution for the appointment of
1 A A*i A/\ ^ * V A \ V ^   — 3 'i V > r i ^. CI . ' ..1   . * 1 i ' . . '
bursing officer of the Army he gave bond and i
security for the proper discharge of the duties of '
his office, and for the safety of moneys intrusted ,
to his charge. He had a clerk of his own selec- j
lion. lie gave to the care of this clerk moneys }
of the Government without taking security for j
its safety. And it is stated, and 1 doubt not cor- !
rectly, that this clerk defrauded him of §9,300, |
the amount appropriated by the bill. I hold that I
by intrusting this money in the hands of his !
clerk without taking; security for it, he and his
surt'tvs are responsible for its loss to the Gov- l!
ernment. If this bill pass, then a precedent will i,
be established that all disbursing officers and
their securities shall be released when persons
shah violate the trust reposed in them by these
disbursing officers. If this be done, then it
seems to me that vour law requiring your dis-
bursing officers to give bond and security had
bsucr be repealed.
Regents to the Smithsonian Institution.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I object.
Mr. STANTON. Unless it be passed to-day
the Regents will not have a quorum at their meet-
ing to-morrow.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am opposed to
the appointment of Regents.
Mr. GREENWOOD. If I withdraw the mo-
tion to adjourn, the gentleman from Tennessee
will object to taking up the resolution referred to.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I will.
Mr. STANTON. Then I withdraw my re-
quest.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I withdraw the motion
to adjourn at the request of my friend from Mis-
sissippi,
Mr. LAKE. I move that Senate bill (No. 195)
for the relief of William B. Trotter be taken from
the table, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs. That committee made an adverse report
on the case to the House, when it had not the
report frorrrHhe Senate committee nor the facts
in the case before it. I simply desire a reexamin-
ation of the matter.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that
the case has been already disposed of.
Mr. LAKE. It was laid upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And the time for
reconsideration has passed, and we cannot go
back.
The SPEAKER. It can be taken up and
referred by unanimous consent.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's tabic, and recommitted to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. SNEED. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. DEAN. I call for the yeas and nays upon
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SNEED. I withdraw the motion,
Mr. FLORENCE. I renew the motion.
Mr. DEAN. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. Well, 1 make the
motion to adjourn over until Monday, and upon
the motion I call the yeas and nays.
Mr. CUMBACK. I call for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WHITNEY. I move that there be a call
of the House.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be
entertained while a privileged motion is pending.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
29, nays 70; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Akers, Albright, Bingham, James H.
I Campbell, Baj'ard Clarke, Craige, Dodd, Evans, Florence,
Henry M. Fuller, George VV. Jones, Kelly, Lake, Letcher,
McCarty, McMullin, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Peck, Powell,
Quitman, Roberts, RutTiri, Sneed, Todd,Underwood, Elhhu
B: Washburne, Whitney, and Daniel B. Wright—29.
3VAYS — Messrs. Allison, Harbour, Benson, Bishop,
Bliss, Broom, Bufimton, Burlirigame, Burnett, Caruthers,
CaskifJ, Chaffee, Ezra Ciark, dawson, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Cumback, Damrell, Dean, Dunn, Faulkner, Flagler,
Granger, Greenwood, Grow, Harlan, Harrison, Haven,
Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Houston. Kennett, Knapp,
Knight, Leiter, Millson, Morgan^, Morn!!, Murray, Paine,
Parker, Perry, Pctut, Phelps, Porter, Pringle, Purviance,
Puryear, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Savage, Scott, Sherman,
Simmons, Stanton, Taylor, Thorington, Thurston, Trafton,
Trippe, Vail, Wade, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Israel
Washburne, Watkins, Watson, Williams, Woodruff,
Woodvvortli, and Zollicoffer—70.
No quorum voting.
The question recurred upon the motion to
adjourn, and it was agreed to; and the House
accordingly (at three o'clock and thirty-five min-
utes) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, January 24, 1857.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the credentials
of the Hon. Amos Nobuse, chosen by the Legis-
lature of Maine ^Senator from that State to fill
the vacancy occasioned by the resignation of
Hon. Hannibal Hamlin; which were read; and
the oath prescribed by law having been admin-
istered to Mr. Nourse, he took his seat in the
Senate.
Mr. WILSON presented the credentials of the
Hon. Charles Sumner, elected a Senator by the
Legislature of Massachusetts for the term of six
. years, commencing on the fourth of March, 1857;
| which were read, and ordered to be placed onfile.
! MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE,
j A message from the House of Representatives,
i by Mr. Ct'lloji, tjieir Clerk, announced that they
i had passed the following bills:
■ A bill (No. 529) for the relief of Van Rensse-
! laer Hall;
A bill (No. 531) for the relief of the children
1 of James Phelps, a revolutionary soldier;
A bill (No. 534) for the relief of William Wal-
ton, a soldier of the war of 1812; .
A hill (No. 535) for the relief of Charles Parish,
a soldier of the war of 1812;
