mm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
bill (Not 533) directing the pension' due
es Huey, deceased, and 'Jane Huey, his
A
James — „ .
•widow, deceased, to be paid to their sole heir
Alexander B. Huey, of Georgia;
A bill (No. 557) for the relief of the surviving
children of Sarah Van Pelt, -widow of John Van
■Pelt, a revolutionary soldier;
A bill (No. 558) for the relief of the heirs or
legal representatives of Joseph Bindon, deceased,
a revolutionary officer;
• A bill (No. 564) for the relief of Elijah Close,
of Tennessee;
A bill (No. 528) for the relief of C. B. R. ICen-
nerly;
A bill (No. 565) for the relief of Elizabeth
Riker;
. A bill (No. 88) for the relief of Amos Arm-
strong, of Ohio;
A bill (No. 532) for the relief of Mary Hooker;
A bill (No. 575) for the relief of John Huff, of
A bill (No. 587) for the relief of Captain
Thomas Duncan, of the United States Army;
A bill (No. 588) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Edmund H. McCabe, assignee of
Antoine Soulard;
A bill (No. 589) for the relief of Henry T.
' Mudd, of Missouri;
A bill (No. 590) for the relief of the heirs and
legal representatives of Jeremiah Bryan;
A bill (No. 591) for the relief of Mary Wood-
bury, Elizabeth Odell, anfl others;
*• A bill (No. 599) for the relief of James Belger,
of the United States Army; and
A joint resolution (No. 29) for the relief of
Israel B. Bigelow.
Also, that the House had passed the following
Senate bills:
A bill (No. 211) making a reappropriation from
the surplus fund for the relief of Lieutenant John
Guest, United States Navy, and others;
A bill (No. 46) for the relief of John H. Home;
and
A bill (No. 360) for the relief of Thomas J.
Churchill, late a lieutenant in the first Kentucky
regiment of volunteers.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented resolutions of the
Common Council of Buffalo, New York, and a
■: memorial of citizens of Buffalo, in favor of an
• enlargement of the plan of the building now
being erected in that city for the accommodation
.'of the custom-house, post office, and United
States courts; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD. I am requested to present to
the Senate a communication from the firm of F.
B. Smith & Hartman, of New York city, who
are manufacturers of dies, representing that, in
. the coinage bill which has passed the House of
• Representatives, and is now before the Committee
- on Finance, there is a provision which is calcu-
, iated, or may operate, to secure to the Mint of
the United States a monoply or advantage in the
■ striking of medal3, which is injurious to their
■department of industry and invention. I ask
■ that this paper may be referred to the Committee
• on Finance, who have charge of that subject.
It was so referred.
BUFFALO POST OFFICE.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution;-which was considered by unanimous con-
, sent, and agreed to:
'*' Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested to
inform the Senate, whether the building in process of erec-
tion by the Government of the United States, at Buffalo, in
' the State of New York, will be sufficiently large for the
~ wants of the post office department in that city; and if,
, in his opinion, said building will not be sufficiently large,
then that he be requested to inform the Senate what
enlargement thereof will be necessary, and whether such
" enlargement wilt involve the necessity of puichasing addi-
tional ground for a site for said budding.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read twice by their titles, and
- referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 529) for the relief of Van Rensse-
laer Hall—to the Gommittee on Naval Affairs.
A bill (No. 531) for the relief of the children
of James Phelps, a revolutionary soldier—to the
Committee on Pensions,
A bill (No, 534) for the relief of William Wal-
ton, a soldier of the war of 1812—to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 535) for the relief of Charles Parish,
a soldier of the war of 1812—to the Committee on
Pensions.
Abill(No. 533) directing the pension due James
Huey, deceased, and Jane Huey, his widow,
deceased, to be paid to their sole lieir, Alexander
B. Huey, of Georgia—to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
A bill (No. 557) for the relief of the surviving
children of Sarah Van Pelt, widow of John Van
Pelt, a revolutionary soldier—to the Committee
on Pensions.
A bill (No. 558) for the relief of the heirs or
legal representatives of Joseph Bindon, deceased,
a revolutionary officer—to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
A bill (No. 564) for the relief of Elijah Close,
of Tennessoe—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 565) for the relief Qf Elizabeth
Riker—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 88) for the relief of Amos Arm-
strong, of Ohio—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 532) for the relief of Mary Hooker
—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 575) for the relief of John Huff, of
Texas—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 587) for the relief of Captain
Thomas Duncan, of the United States Army—to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
A bill (No. 588) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Edmund H. McCabe, assignee of
Antoine Soulard—to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
A bill (No. 589) for the relief of Henry T.
Mudd, of Missouri—to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
A bill (No. 590) for the relief of the heirs and
legal representatives of Jeremiah Bryan—to the
Committee on Private Laud Claims.
A bill (No. 591) for the relief of Mary Wood-
bury, Elizabeth Odell, and others—to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
A bill (No. 592) for the relief of Brevet Majbr
James Belger, of the United States Army—to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
A joint resolution (No. 29) for the relief ef
Israel B. Bigelow—to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
A bill (No. 528) for the relief of C. B. R.
Kennedy—to the Committee oil Military Affairs.
SURETIES OF DANIEL WINSLOW.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the permission of
the Senate to take up a little bill that is on the
Calendar. It is the bill (H. R. No. 440) for the
relief of the sureties of Daniel Winslow. There
is a short report accompanying it. No objection
was made in the House of Representatives to the
passage of the bill, and it passed our Committee
on Claims unanimously. I ask that it may be
taken up and passed now. If any Senator wishes
to hear the report read, it is a short one, and can
be read by the Secretary.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill, which proposes to release Daniel
Winslow and James N. Winslow, and then-
legal representatives, and their real and personal
property, from all judgments and liens and incum-
brances of judgments in favor of the United
States obtained against them in any of the dis-
trict courts of the United States, as security for
Daniel Winslow, on their paying the costs of the
suits.
Mr. WELLER. Let us hear the report in
that case.
The Secretary read the report made by Mr.
Bishop, of the House of Representatives, from
which it appears that on September 29, ltS46,
Daniel Winslow, as-the principal and only party
in interest, and David Wmslow and James JN.
Winslow, as sureties, entered into a contract with
the Chief of the Bureau of Provisions and Cloth-
ing to -deliver at the navy-yard in Charlestown,
Massachusetts, eighteen hundred barrels of navy
beef, between the 1st of January and the J5th of
June, 1847, at the price of $7. 871 per barrel.
] The regular business of Daniel Winslow, and of
I his father, had been that of packing beef for forty
years, and upon an average price of navy beef
for twenty-five years next preceding the year
1846, this contract would, upon that basis, have
affored a moderate profit only; "Winslow entered
into this contract as a part of nis re|ular business,
and not on a speculation. ■: He had a competent
knowledge and acquaintance with the business,
and, as far as appears, managed it with ordinary
prudence and discretion. In November, 1845,
the- year preceding the contract, Winslow was
able to pack beef at $7 per barrel; but soon -after
the execution of this contract, in the fall of 1846,
prices began to rise, and in October of that year
beef was worth $8 to $8 25 per barrel; in Decem-
ber, from $11 to $12 per barrel; and in January
and February, 1847, it went up to $13 50, and
soon after to $14 and $15 per barrel. This rapid
and unusual advancement of prices was induced
by the progress of the Mexican war, and the
occurrence of the famine in Ireland, which pro-
duced an extraordinary and unlooked for demand
for provisions for exportation,
Mr. Winslow, with the view of fulfilling his
contract, whatever might be the consequences to
himself, continued to purchase all the cattle he
could obtain, until the actual cost of the beef
reached $12 per barrel, making a loss to the con-
tractor of $4 12^ upon each barrel, or about
thirty-three per cenL He had not the capital re-
quired to enable him to overcome these difficul-
ties, and after having furnished about three hun-
dfsd and fifty barrels, he faiie.d, and became
hopelessly insolvent. In furnishing the residue
of the beef embraced in the contract, the United
States paid §8,061 75 more than the contract price
—having paid from $12 94 to $14 50 per barrel
—and for that sum, with costs and interest, judg-
ment have been rendered, by consent of parties,
to satisfy which the entire property of the aged
father of the contractor, consisting of a small
homestead farm, lias been set off to the United
States. The object of the petition is to relieve
this property of'the surety, and avoid the neces-
sity of turning an aged and venerable family,
chargeable with no fault, houseless and penniless
upon the world.
In this case the Government suffered no other
loss than the failure to realize the entire profits
of a good bargain. The beef which the con-
tractor failed to supply was purchased at its fair
market value. The Go ern)iient paid no more
than individuals were paying at the.time for the
same article; and the contractor not only did not
make a profit on the quantity furnished by him,
but on the contrary, he lost not merely his time
and trouble, but a large amount of money, by
which he was rendered insolvent. He appears
to have used every effort in his power faithfully
to fulfill his contract, and was prevented by cir-
cumstances wholly beyond his control, and
which could not have been foreseen. He does
not, however, ask to be remunerated, for his
losses, but that his sureties, to whom no fault
can be attributed, shall be saved from utter ruin,
after he has sacrificed his entire property, and
from which the Government has derived a benefit.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a mistake in the
bill in stating the name of one of the sureties. It
sliouldbc " David Winslow,"instead of" Daniel
Winslow." I move that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend by in-
serting after "judgments," the words, " and all
levies made by virtue thereof."
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
the amendments were concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read the third
time. It was read the third time and passed1.
JOHN H. "WHEELER.
Mr. FISH. I ask the Senate to take up for
consideration now the bill (S. No. 514) reported
from the Committee on Foreign Relations, for
the relief of John II. Wheeler. I am satisfied
that it will not occupy more than a minute of the
time of the Senate, and will commend itself to
the favorable consideration of the body.
Mr. BROWN. If the bill gives rise to no
debate I shall make no objection; but I give notice
that if it does, I shall insist upon taking up the
District of Columbia bills.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to John H. Wheeler,
late Minister Resident of the United States at
