452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
Granada, the sum of $500 as a full reimburse-
ment of the expenses incurred by him in afford-
in«- relief to two hundred and fifty American
citizens, in October, 1855.
A party of American citizens, while crossing
the Isthmus, en route from California to New
York, were attacked by the natives at Virgin
Bay, 011 the Lake of Nicaragua, on the^.9th of
October, 1855. Some of them were killed, others
wounded and robbed. Another party of hostile
natives, strongly armed, were, at the same time,
collected at San Carlos, on the other side of the
lake, who had also fired upon passengeis going
by that place. Thus hemmed in by hostile forces
on cach side of the lake, and cut off from the
means of access to either ocean, they were com-
pelled to resort to Granada, and apply to the
memorialist, then Minister Resident of the United
States at that place, for protection and such other
relief as they required. He promptly afforded
them the protection and relief asked for, pro-
cured comfortable quarters, and supplied them,
to the number of two hundred and fifty, with
food for two days and nights.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOHN DONELSON AND OTHERS.
Mr. ADAMS. I ask the Senate to take up
the bill S. No. 406. It explains itself, and if
there is any objection to it, I will consent that it
shall lie over.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 406) to revive and extend
the provisions of an act passed on the 24th of
May, 1824, entitled " An act for the relief of the
representatives of John Donelson, Stephen Heard,
and others.
The bill was reported back from the Committee
on Public Lands, with an amendment, to strike
out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
That the act entitled " An act to revive and extend the
provh-ions of an act passed on the 24th of May, 1824," en-
titled " An act for the relief of the lepresentatives of John
Donelson, Stephen Heard, and others." approved the :23d
of June, 1833, be, and the same i> hereby. revived and con-
tinued in force for the further term of two years from and
after the passage of this act.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 should like to hear some
explanation of that bill.
Mr. ADAMS. The only explanation I have
to give is, that these parties had a certain amount
of land scrip and a certain time in which to locate
it. The lauds were not located within the period
prescribed, and this bill extends the time allowed
them for two years longer.
The amendment of the committee was agreed
to; the bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time and passed.
The title was amended so as to read, A bill
to revive and extend the provisions of an act en-
titled " An act to revive and extend the provis-
ions of an act passed on the 24th of May, 1824,
entitled an act for the relief of John Donelson,
Stephen Heard, and others," approved Mav 3,
1836. 1 '
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BILLS.
Mr. BROWN. There are a number of bills
from the Committee on the District of Columbia
connected with the interests of this District, some
of which will give rise to debate, and some of
which will not. I propose, if the Senate will
permit me, to take up first those bills that will
probably give rise to no debate. I therefore move
now to take up the bill (S. No. 516) to incorpo-
rate the Washington Paper-Mill Company.
Mr. TOOMBS. I believe one of the first Dis-
trict bills on the Calendar is a bill reported by
the Judiciary Committee to increase the salaries
of the judges here. We added it to the judiciary
appropriation bill last year, but the House of
Representatives struck it out on the ground that
it was legislation in an appropriation bill. As
the measure has already been in fact acted upon
and discussed, I propose that we take up that bill
and send it to the other House to avoid the tech-
nical difficulty of putting it on an appropriation
bill. I claim that it shall be taken up in its order,
and it is within the category of bills which the
Senator from Mississippi proposes to take up.
Mr. BROWN. I supposed that would give
rise to debate.
Mr. TOOMBS. If it does, I shall waive it. I
acknowledge the propriety of the motion of the
Senator from Mississippi, and if this bill gives
rise to debate, I shall waive its consideration.
Mr. BROWN. I yield the floor to my friend
from Georgia.
SALARIES OP DISTRICT JUDGES.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to take up the bill (S.
No. 93) to increase the salaries of the judges of
the circuit and criminal courts of the District of
Columbia.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
As originally introduced by Mr. Brodhead,
it proposed to fix the salary of the chief judge of
the circuit court of the District of Columbia at
$4,000, and of the assistant judges of that court,
and the judge of the criminal court, at §3,500 per
annum. It was reported by the Committee on
the Judiciary with an amendment to strike out
all after the enacting clause, and insert:
That the salary of the chief justice of the circuit court
of the United States for the District nf Columbia shall be
£3,750 per annum, and the salaries of the associate judges
and judge ot tile criminal court of said District $a,5UO per
annum, to be paid quarterly.
Sec. 0. .2nd be it further enacted, That the salary of the
judge of the orphan's court of the District of Columbia
shall hereafter be @2,500 per annum, payable quarterly.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That so mucifcof the
third section of the act of 7th July, 1838, entitled " An act
to establish a criminal court in the District of Columbia,"
as requires the clerk of the ciieuit court to attend the said
criminal court, and perform the duties required of him by
law, in relation to criminal proceedings, be, and the same
is hereby, lepealed; and that the judge of the said criminal
court shall be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint a
clerk to the said court, who shall perform the duties now
performed by the clerk of the circuit court, and shall receive
the same fees and compensation therefor; and the books,
papers, and records of the said criminal court, now in the
custody of the clerk of the circuit court, sliall be by him
transferred to the custody of the clerk of the criminal court
hereby authorized to be appointed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STUART. I suggest to the Senator to
add to the title, " and for other purposes," as it
includes legislation in addition to the provision
for salaries.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir. Let that addition
be made.
The title was so amended.
•WASHINGTON PAPER-MILL COMPANY.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, the bill (S. No.
516) to incorporate the Washington Paper-Mill
Company was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. !
Mr. BROWN. There are two or three of <
these acts of incorporation, and they are all I
copies of each other with the exception of the !
names of the parties and of the business to be
transacted. The reading of one will give an un-
derstanding of all the others. I propose that
this one be read, but I notify the Senate that the
others are copies in all material respects, so that
the reading of one will explain the whole.
The Secretary read the bill. It proposes to
incorporate John E. Holmes, Penner B. Taylor,
Wellington Lee, John B. Bell, John P. Hale, (of
Virginia,) and their present and future associates,
style of the Washington Paper-Mill Company,
as a body-politic and corporate, by the name and
with the usual powers of corporations. The cap-
ital stock is to be <J50,000, the shares §100 each.
Those who are stockholders of the corpora-
tion, at the time any debt is contracted,are to be
individually liable to its creditors for all debts
contracted by the corporation to an amount equal
to the amount of stock held by them respectively
at the time the debt wast contracted; and the direct-
ors or other officers are to be personally liable for
any use, disposition, or investment of moneys 01-
property belonging to the corporation notauthor-
ized by the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
GRANITE MANUFACTURING COMPANY.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, the bill (S. No.
515) incorporating the Granite Manufacturing
Company of Washington City, was read the sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole-
It proposes to constitute E. M. Joslin, John
Pox, John W. Van Hook, William Blanehard,
John W. Webb, and their associates, a body-cor-
porate, by the name of the Granite Manufacturing
Company, for the purpose of carrying on the
manufacture, in the District of Columbia, of a
material known as Foster's new and improve.d
building block, for which a patent was granted
in February, 1855, and also of other material. 1
The capital stock is to be $50,000, divided into
shares of ten dollars each. This bill contains the
same restrictions as the preceding one.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know the
object of this bill. What is a granite manufac-
turing company ?
Mr. BROWN. They wish to manufacture
material which is made by some process that I
do not understand. I only understand its name.
I believe the idea is to take particles of granite
and so mold and cement them together as to make
solid blocks.
Mr. HUNTER. At the time of the South Sea
bubble, one of the schemes was to convert saw-
dust into'cypress shingles. [Laughter.] I think
we are making too many of these corporations.
Unless for some object that strikes everybody as
important, we ought not to be incorporating these
companies.
Mr. BROWN. I think that those of us who
have examined the question ought to know aa
much of it as those, who have not examined it.
A specimen of the material is in the committee
room, and if thought important, it can be brought
up and shown to the Senate. It seems to be a
very solid material, much more so than the com-
mon brick, and can be molded to any form like
brick. These parties think it will supersede, in
some degree, many materials used for building
purposes, because it will be cheaper and more
substantial.
Mr. WELLER. I think I apprehend the rea-
son for the objection of the Senator from Vir-
ginia. Nature is engaged in manufacturing
granite in his State, and he does not desire to see
any company incorporated here that shall inter-
fere with the natural operations of Virginia. I
fear that is the ground of his objection. [Laugh-
ter.]
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
DISTRICT INSANE ASYLUM.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 497) supplementary to " An act
to organize an institution for the insane of the
Army and Navy, and of the District of Colum-
bia, m the said District," approved March 3,
1855.
It provides that no insane person not charged
with any breach of the peace shall hereafter be
confined in the United States jail or penitentiary
in this District. It gives the Secretary of the
Interior power to grant his order for the admis-
sion into the Government hospital for the insane,
of any insane person unable to support himself
and family, (or himself, if he have no family,)
who resided m the District at the time he became
insane, and who is not charged with any breach
of the peace, upon the certificate of any judge of
the circuit or ciiminal court, or any justice of the
peace of the District, stating that two respectable
physicians appeared before the judge or justice,
and certified under oath, and under their hands,
that they know the party alleged to be insane,
and that they believed him to be a fit subject for
treatment in such hospital; also stating that two
respectable householders, residents of the Dis-
trict, appeared before him, and certified under
oath, and under their hands, that they knew the
party alleged to be insane and indigent, that he
or she was a resident of the District at the time
he or she was seized with the mental disorder
under which lie then labored, and that he was
unable to pay his board and other expenses
therein; and the certificate of these physicians
and householders is to accompany the certificate
of the judge or justice. The application to the
Secretary of the Interior for his order for the
