TflE CONGt^IOTWt
454
January 24,
avenue. I have no idea of yielding to that private.
interest, unless it be foimd to be impracticable
to extend this route, so as to have a continuous,
uninterrupted line between North and South,
through the city of Washington, in any other
way. If that were so, there would be a higher
consideration demanding us to sacrifice, the plan
of improvement adopted in the city of Washing-
ton to this great public interest; but, as I under-
stand the honorable Senator from Mississippi,
that is not the case. There is now existing power
to construct such a road. It is only a question
whether we shall save these companies the ex-
penditure which will be necessary to construct a
branch which will cost perhaps a few hundred
thousand more than the one which is proposed;
or whether we shall sacrifice our plans, and the
public convenience connected with the legislation
of the country, and the conduct of the executive
government of the country, to the interests of
these local companies?
I can conceive how my honorable friend from
Virginia may see that it would be more advan-
tageous and convenient to certain interests in the
State of Virginia—which he always represents so
ably here whenever they are presented for con-
sideration in Congress—to have this line of road
extended across the Potomac directly from the
depot here to some point where a road con-
structed on the line upon which the company is
already authorized to construct one would not
reach. This may be a more direct route; but
still 1 understand it has been reported by engi-
neers that a road is entirely practicable on the
line for which the Baltimore and Ohio company
has already a charter to construct it, to intersect
the Potomac, at some point between Georgetown
and the mouth of the eastern branch of the Poto-
mac. The Senator from Mississippi will tell me
whether I am mistaken or not. Even if it inter-
sected the Potomac at the mouth of the eastern
branch or near it, that is not a consideration
winch would overrule the other reasons that, in
my judgment, ought to forbid the passage of
daily trains across Pennsylvania avenue.
These are the reasons that inclined me, when
the question was up before, to oppose this sec-
tion; and I hope it will lie stricken out.
Mr. BROWN. The first two sections of this
bill I am very desirous of having passed. They
are very important to the: public interests here.
The Commissioner of Public Buildings reports
to Congress that he cannot keep in order the
public avenues and streets which are improved
by the Government, because no power has been
given him by Congress to do so. All of us know
from actual observation that they are frequently
out of order. In reference to the third section,
I should be very glad to have it stricken out. As
the printed report shows, it was never put there
•with my consent, although I reported the bill
under the instruction of a majority of the com-
mittee. What 1 desire is, to get, a vote on that
section, either to strike it out or leave it in, so
that we may pass that portion of the bill which
is matevinl to the public interest.
Mr. FESSUNOIiN. Mr. President, I am
opposed to tins third section altogether; and I
wish to call the. attention of the Senate to what
has taken place heretofore on the subject. We
had this whole proposition, substantially as it is
now before us, under consideration two year3
ago. It was brought before the Senate on a direct
proposition to give permission to lay down a
track. I do not know that the direction was then
specific, but it was feared by the Senate that the
track would at some place or other cross Penn-
sylvania avenue. The matter was up for dis-
cussion; and the sense of the Senate at that time
was so strongly against it in every particular, that
permission was refused. The bill, according to
my recollection, was so worded, on the motion of
its friends, as to provide that the road might cross
the city, but must cross it above Pennsylvania
avenue, striking the river at a higher point.
Although objections were made to that on the
ground of additional expense, the friends of the
bill finally consented to take the provision to con-
nect their roads north and south by crossing the
city at a distance above, so as to keep clear of
Pennsylvania avenue altogether. That is my
recollection distinctly of what took place in the
Senate at the sessioo before the last. The matter
was argued, and the sense of the Senate so
strongly expressed, that that finally was agreed
on as all that Congress could reasonably grant.
What was the next step? The sense of Con-
gress being thus expressed distinctly, the refusal
being made, it being understood that they would
not permit a railroad to cross this great avenue
in any part of it, the next thing we knew when
we came back here was that a railroad was con-
structed across Pennsylvania avenue at the foot
of these grounds. When we came to inquire
how it had taken place, we found that it had been
done, notwithstanding the refusal of Congress,
by permission of the city government of Wash-
ington. Notwithstanding all we do in regard to
Pennsylvania avenue—notwithstanding their de-
pendence on us, which they admit in the numer-
ous calls they make on us — they undertook,
knowing tlte will of Congress, to override it and
put this obstruction directly in the place where
Congress had said it should not be.
After having thus, iri defiance of the express
will of Congress, established their road directly
in the place where Congress had expressly said
it should not be established, they have the impu-
dence to come here and squeeze a proposition of
this kind into another bill, to authorize this im-
position upon us and the public, and we are called
upon to vote for it. I do not know of any greater
possible impertinence, than this action of the
railroad company, and of the city authorizing it
to be clone; and for my single self, I am ready to
say that, if this city government, dependent as
it acknowledges itself to be, on Congress, for so
much as it is, by its numerous claims and calls for
aid ill every possible manner, is disposed thus to
! thwart the will of Congress expressed so clearly,
there is one thing left for us, and that is, by
! withholding supplies, and refusing to grMit what
; we otherwise might grant, to teach them that
; they cannot impose on us in that way. I am
I ready to apply that action to them until they learn
| that we have something to do with this matter,
• for which we pay so much, and which is so in-
j ten-sting to us.
i That is the state of the question as it comes
; before us. Then there is the general question,
and upon that 1 distinctly and fully agree (and
my opinion is founded on observation and ex-
perience) with the Senator from Tennessee, that
we could not do a worse thing. There is no
greater nuisance — there is nothing that is more
dangerous, more troublesome, than a railroad
crossing a great avenue in a city. I know very
well that it has been found impossible for any
State Legislature to refuse any application that a
railroad company makes. They are all-powerful
in our Legislatures. They have their own will
and their own way. They accomplish just what
they please, if they fail one year they succeed
the next. I did hope that Congress would have
(lower to resist a railroad company; but it seems
that Congress is, in one way or another, to be
brought under their dominion also,
I will not undertake to repeat, or to enlarge
upon, what has been said by the honorable Sen-
ator from Tennessee; but we know the extreme
importance of this great avenue. It brings all
the foot travel to and from the Capitol and the
Capitol grounds at all seasons of the year, when
Congress is in session. There are crowds of
men, women, and children, at some seasons of
the year, passing through it continually. The
passage of cars through it will be dangerous.
You talk about prohibiting cars drawn by steam;
but there is hardly a week during the course of
the year that we do not hear of somebody being
killed by horse cars in the city of New York; and
the same thing may occur here. Not only are
we to be exposed to the hazard of danger to our
persons; but if we may be supposed, all of us, to
be^ discreet enough to take care of ourselves on
this thoroughfare, the trouble and annoyance of
taking care of ouiselves when we pass so often,
and of women and children being constantly on
their guard to prevent being run over, should be
enough, supposing no life to be lost, to defeat
such a measure.
I should regard it as a calamity to have a rail-
road established there, and it certainly will be a
blot on the beauty of the avenue and a great in-
terference with the enjoyment which the public
ought to have of the grounds we have made and
are making. It will neutralize the benefit to be
derived by the public generally, and by ourselves
in particular, from-the vast expenditure of money
which is being made on these buildings^ I con-
sider it to be the greatest folly in the world,
when we are erecting such magnificent structures,
paying such sums of monejrfor beautiful grounds,
and increasing and enlarging these grounds, to
put directly in front of them, at the main en-
trance, interfering with everybody, precisely that
which will most diminish their value by dimin-
ishing the possibility of their enjoyment.
It may save the railroad companies two or three-
hundred thousand dollars; but we had better ap-,
propriate the money directly out of the Treasury
of the United States, unless my friends on th«-
other side should find some constitutional diffi-
culty. I would vote much more readily doable-
the amount of money oat of the Treasury of the,
United States to put this railroad somewhere
else, rather than have cars go by these- grounds.
I am afraid I am disposed to use strong language;;
but I hope the Senate will not be so mad and;
absolutely deranged as to authorize any such
thing, more especially to countenance such a gross-
imposition on us as the establishment of this rail-
road has been from the beginning. , -
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, the difference'
between me and the Senators from Tennessee an<J>
Maine is this: they seem to think it would be a
very great inconvenience to the public to allow,
this railroad to be brought across' Pennsylvania'
avenue, and very little convenience to those whof-
are traveling over the great line from North to-.
South. I think just the reverse. I think it would
be very little inconvenience to the public here,
and a very great convenience to this line of travel.,
I cannot see, under the regulations which it is
proposed to impose, how it can lead to any great
inconvenience. What is the difference between
a line of omnibuses, running as they do every
day along Pennsylvania avenue, and a line of
omnibuses crossing it two or three times a day,
drawn by horses, and so regulated as to carry
only one or two cars at a time.
Hut the Senator from Tennessee says we give
this right to a private company forever. It i 
easy enough to introduce a provision that we
may recall it whenever we choose. I am in-
formed by my friend from Mississippi, that there
is now such a provision that we can at any time
recall the privilege if we find it inconvenient.
That being the case, I cannot see anything that
we risk in this matter. At present, it would not
impair our grounds. If we should desire to ex-
tend them, of course we should take away the
privilege, and either deny them the right to eros 
the avenue, or make them cross it at some other
point; so that I see no force in any of the argu-
ments that are urged.
The Senator from Maine says he is disposed
to vote to strike out this section, because he re-
gards it as an act of impudence on the part of
the city government of Washington to have
undertaken to allow this right of way after the
action of Congress. I do not believe that the
city government of Washington meant us any
offense in allowing this privilege; I do not believe
they meant in any way to dispute our authority;
but they had a deep interest in this matter, and
a far deeper interest than Senators seem to sup-
pose— an interest far beyond anything which
any company or anybody in Virginia can havej
The great line of railroads is either to avoid the
city ofWashington altogether,orelse it is to pass
down some of its avenues. It is either to go
around by Georgetown, and cross a bridge some-
where above it, or on the aqueduct, and come
down one of the avenues here to the depot, or it
is to cross somewhere about the Long Bridge, or
else it is to be brought up from Alexandria out-
side of the city, not stopping here at all. The
city, therefore, has a deep interest in securing
some communication which will bring the line of
travel through the city of Washington. It is a
matter of very great doubt whether the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad and the Virginia railroads, if
they shall find a crossing by boat at Alexandria
is not too great an impediment, would not find it
to their interest to take that route. I believe it
would be the shortest; it would take less time;
and I incline to think they will take that route
sooner than suffer themselves to be forced to go
so much out of their way as they would do if they
went round by Georgetown, and crossed the river
above that city; so that 011 this question hangs
