185?.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GliOBp
the other, whether the railroad shall come through
the city of-Washington or not—whether this city-
is to enjoy whatever advantages are to be derived
from it? In that it had a deep interest; and I
suppose it thought it was giving no offense in
allowing this temporary track to be laid, which
I understand has not been used, but is lying
there subject to the order of Congress.
At any rate, in "regard to the question of au-
thority, if that be the only point, we can easily
enough remove that difficulty by giving them au-
thority to cross Pennsylvania avenue under such
regulations as we may think necessary to make,
saying, if you choose, that they shall cross with
only one car at a time, drawn by horses and not
by steam, and that Congress reserve the right
of revoking the privilege at any time they may-
choose. That is this section, as I understand.
Under such restrictions I can see no probable
danger or inconvenience, whilst I can see a very
great interest which the city of Washington has
in securing this link between the two great lines
of travel.
So-far as my own State is concerned, lam very
doubtful whether the interest of the city of Alex-
andria would not be promoted by interrupting the
link instead of -connecting it, and whether the
effect of not connecting ?it will not be to injure
this city and the city of Baltimore, ratlier than to
injure any interest which Alexandria may have.
But, on the other hand, the interest of the great
line of travel from North to South is that it
should be a3 expeditious and short as possible.
This, I believe, is the most expeditious line itcan
take, unless perhaps a route crossing the river
at Alexandria, then crossing the Eastern Branch,
and joining the Baltimore road at Bladensburg,
leaving Washington entirely out of the question,
may be the speediest. I have heai d some persons
connected with the companies in Virginia express
the opinion, that after all it would be their interest
to do this, and certainly more to their interest to
do it than to go around by Georgetown.
I think that, instead of taxing the city of Wash-
ington, as Senators seem to do, some sympathy
ought to be felt for it in the anxiety it has to
secure a portion of the advantage of this through
travel. I, for one, should like to make the experi-
ment. If it should turn out to lead to any of the
inconveniences which gentlemen suppose, I would
be among the first to vote to revoke it; but I think
it would be better to try it—far better than cut
Washington oif from all the advantages of the
railroad connection. •
Mr. FITZPATRICIC. This subject has been
so elaborately discussed by the Senators from
Tennessee and Maine as to leave but little for
others who agree with them to say. It seems
to me that this matter is one of more importance,
and should elicit more of the attention of the
Senate, than we seem inclined to bestow o?l it.
We come in collision here with two interests that
i have found it very hard to contend with since 1
have been in the Senate—the first, the city of
Washington, and the second, railroad companies.
I think the Government has always been liberal
to this city. I have felt so inclined myself, and
I have voted for all their measures whenever I
thought it consistent wilh my duty to do so.
The Senator from Maine stated very properly
that this question was discussed at considerable
length some two years ago, when the Senate
decided against allowing the company to cross
Pennsylvania avenue. Notwithstanding that,
they come here now, under the authority of the
city, and they propose to do—what? To run a
railroad right under the eaves of the Capitol.
Something of the same kind was done in regard
to the barracks at St. Louis; and I predicted
then that some day there would be an attempt to
run a railroad through the grounds of the Capitol.
In that case, as in this, there was first a provision
that the President of the United States should
prescribe the terms on which the Iron Mountain
railroad should go through the arsenal grounds
near St. Louis. He did so; and after the terms
had been accepted by the company, they came for-
ward and disputed them, and accomplished every-
thing they desired. We passed a bill last year
to release them from the conditions imposed by
the President, though the Secretary of War in-
formed us that by doing so you would destroy a
great public work. That is what the railroads
have done.
My friend from Virginia is willing to grant all
facilities to the city of Washington. So 'am I;
but I wish the cities in his own State would not
require us to be jolted and jostled so much as we
are between one depot and another in Richmond
and Petersburg. They are very cautious in taking
care of their own^itios, and they levy tribute on
those who are not disposed to walk through
them.
I think this is the last place in the United States
where there should be an effort made to locate a
railroad. Is it possible that we are driven to
this pass, that here, in the capital of the nation,
a railroad is to-be sounding its whistle in the
public grounds, and all the noise and danger
incident to running cars through the streets are
to be encountered, without our'boing able to pro-
tect ourselves ? The railroad is to run so near the
Capitol that no member of Congress who comes
here with his family will feel safe in passing in a
carriage up and down Pennsylvania avenue.
I remember that my friend from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] who is usually correct on most ques-
tions, took the ground that he would send steam
wherever it could go for the benefit of the public.
I agree to that; but I say that this is the last
place where a company should ever attempt to
locate a railroad. How long will it be after they
run their cars, before they will attempt to run them
by steam? What will then bo the condition of the
Capitol of the nation' Look at your fine grounds,
which my friend from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
labored so energetically to protect when we at-
tempted to establish an armory on the Mall. I do
not know whether this road is to touch the Mall.
If it is, 1 presume ho will be wide awake on that
subject. When the contractors proceeded in the
erection of the armory at a heavy outlay, and we
incurred the danger of a heavy expense, this
body was so anxious to protect the Mall and the
public works in this city, that it passed a bill to
stop the work and put it down. I presume this
road does not pass through the Mall; or, with
the usual vigilance of my friend from Missis-
sippi, he would not allow that beautiful portion
of the city to be disturbed.
Mr. BROWN. I am as much opposed to this
section as my friend from Alabama. I want to
strike it out, as he would have perceived if he
had heard what I said.
Mr. FITZPATRICIC. I was not in the Cham-
ber when my friend from Mississippi was speak-
ing. I was attracted only by the remarks of my
friend from Tennessee, and recognized an old
acquaintance in the attempt of this company to
run a railroad through the city of Washington,
under the eaves of the Capitol of the nation. Sen-
ators and Representatives who bring their fami-
lies here, will never feel safe if you permit engines
to pass through the city. We know that during
a portion of the year large collections of people
from various parts of the country congregate in
the Capitol grounds and crowd the avenues by
which they are approached. Do you suppose a
railroad car will give way? Or will the multitude
whom you find crowding into your beautiful
walks and avenues for the purpose of passing a
social hour yield to it? If they do give way they
will do what 1 have never seen them do before.
Other gentlemen here are more conversant than I
"am with the effect of running cars through cities,
and have seen more of its consequences; but with
the little experience 1 have had of railroads, they
are the last tilings I would permit to run through
a city where there is a great current of human
beings passing, as is continually the ease in the
city of Washington.
1 know that this is afearful interest to contend
against—one that I have never been able success-
fully to contond with. It is a more potent interest,
I think, than the world at this time is conscious
of. At no distant day the various railroads,
running through our country, may so combine
that they will be able to contend even with the
Government itself. I do not complain of the
action of the city authorities here, further than
for attempting to do what it was distinctly de-
clared in the law they should not do. In our
absence they laid down a track, notwithstanding
Congress had distinctly and repeatedly declared
that the avenue should not thus be invaded.
I am not disposed to go over the ground my
friends from Tennessee and Maine have taken;
but I trust this matter will be discussed and
understood ibefore we determJa?, to .^tftblisfr a.
railroad here, the.noiso on which wijt deafen you,
and may prevent us from doing businpsg whiM
the steam-cars are passing. The'idea, in .the firs^ '
instance, of being carried through by horse-pai-^,,
will not last long. They will get steam ingrafted,
very soon, and have steam-engines drawing th«
cars. I hope an effectual stop will bo put to tl)o>
project.
ft-Ir. BROWN. This section of the bill has,
stood in the way, not only of the passage of wh?t
everybody admits to be a good bill, Tmt every
time %ve have had any District business up, it
has obstructed the whole business of this District.
I want the Senate to take a vote on it. Let us
either leave the section in or strike it out. Every-
body, I think, understands the question, and if
those who are in favor of striking out will trust
me, they can do it easily by voting without talk-
Mr. TOOMBS. As there seems to be an al-
most universal agreement on this 'question, I will
only take a moment td enter my protest against
what the Senate is about to do. At the last ses-
sion of Congress I endeavored to show that it was
right and proper that this break in a great national
communication should be filled up here, as such
breaks are everywhere else. I have listened to
all this clamor at this session and the last, and I
believe it reduces itself to the argument of my
friend from Alabama.
As this body is said to be the last citadel of
fogyism, for the present these gentlemen do not
intend to be disturbed by the whistle of the cars .
It might disturb these old gentlemen. In ttie-
country we are doing it everywhere, but it wiljf
take some time to reach the Senate, I think it is
proper and right for ilium to go by or even under
the Capitol ii" it suits the purposes of trade and
commerce, and they will do it in time.
Mr. TOUCHY. 1 am one of those who have
participated in this " clamor," and I hope it will
be continued until the project of perpetuating a
bridge across a navigable stream below the city
of Georgetown, subjecting the western end of this,
city to the consequences that flow from that ob-
struction in almost perpetual ill-health, shall be
entirely and forever defeated. This measure ws(s,
pending in the last Congress, and there was then
a most decisive expression of the sense of tfyis,
if not of the other, Mouse upon it. I hope wo
shall persist in the policy which we then adopted.
For one, I am in favor of destroying the bridge
across the river. I am not willing to perpetuate
it by making it part of a railroad line of commu-
nication. f think the line of communication
should be by a budge at Georgetown. Here,
where wo have the power, we should clear out
obstructions from this navigable river. But if it
is the disposition of the Senate to take the ques-
tion at this time, without going into further dis-
cussion, I will forbear to go into it. I am entirely
opposed to the measure. It was discussed at the
last session, and the sense of Congress seemed
to be very strong ag.unsl it.
The motion to strike out the third section was
agreed to.
Tile bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed,
RETROCESSION OP G EOilGETOWK.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, the bill (S. No.
382) to take the sense of the people living west
of Rock creek, in the District of Columbia, on
the question of the retrocession of that part of
said District to the State of Maryland, was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
It proposes to make it the duty of the Mayor
of Georgetown to give notice in three or more
newspapers published in the District of Colum-
bia, and by posting at all places, of general pub-
lic resort west of Itock creek, that an election
will be held on Monday, the 3d day of November
next, for the purpose of taking the sense of the
qualified voters in the District of Columbia living
west of Rock creek on the question of retroccd-
ing that part of the District to the State of Mary-
land. The election is to be conducted in all re-
spects as other elections are conducted in the city
of Georgetown, and the voters in favor of retro-
cession are to write " Retrocession" on their bal-
