456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
lots, and those opposed, "NoRetrocession;"and
it is to be the duty of the said Mayor of George-
town to communicate the result of the election
to Congress at its next session.
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire. Is there a
written report accompanying this bill?
Mr. BROWN. I do not believe there is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
informed that amongst the papers accompanying
the bill is a resolution offered by the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Thompson] directing the
Committee on the District of Columbia to inquire
into the expediency of retroceding Georgetown
to the State of Maryland on certain terms and
conditions, and a petition of citizens of George-
town, praying for the retrocession of that city to
Maryland, with a grant of a liberal appropriation
"•* for the payment of the debts thereof.
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire. Let that
petition he read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
To the honorable the Senate of the Umled Slate1,.—Tile
undersigned citizens of Georgetown have lieaid with groat
pleasure that a resolution lias been introduced into your
honorable body by an honoiable Senator Irotn Kentucky,
on the subject of till- retrocession of this city lo its old
mother State, Maryland ; and they hereby desne and piay
that your honoiable body may act promptly thereon anil
consummate this desirable measure, so hiylily eopdueive
to the welfare of then- city, and so highly acceptable lo a
majority ot its citizens. And lliey furtlieniiore pray that
Congress may make a liberal appropnation in the :-ame bill
for liquidating the existing debts ot this city.
_Mr. BROWN. It will be observed that this
bill is simply to authorize the taking: the sense
of the people of that part of the District lying
west of Roelc creek, which is the Georgetown
fart, as to whether they desire to be retroeecled.
t takes 110 step in that direction except simply
to ascertain their wish, and to ascertain it in some
legal form. The committee who had the ques-
tion under consideration did not think it proper
to report a bill to rotrocede these people until it
had been fust ascertained what they themselves
desired about it—not to tiust, ill other words, a
mere petition curried round, the Kignnturcs to
which might be genuine or not. Tho fust point
to be considered is, whether they prefer their
present position, or prefer going b.u-k to Mary-
land. So far as I am concerned, not only as a
citizen hut. as a Senator, I should prefer to see
them incorporated into the city of Washington.
A stop was taken last summer in that direction,
but it failed 111 some way. 1 believe the marriage
was contracted; hut on account of some diffi-
culty in settling the estate, it was never consum-
mated. 1 can really see nt) harm in allowing the
people of that portion of the District to determine
for themselves, not whether they will go, hut
whether they desire to go; and then it will be
left for Congress to determine whether they will
respect their wish or not. All that this lull pro-
poses is simply to take their sense, oil which you
are to act hereafter. !
Mr.SliWARD. I should like to ask the hon- ;
orable Senator from Mississippi if he can infotni
me how much of the original ten miles square
will remain after the .subtraction of what has
been taken by Virginia, and what is proposed to
be taken now by the State of Maryland?
Mr, BROWN. I cannot tell. I never made
any estimate. I suppose a little more than one
thud ot the original ten miles square will be
taken off, i
Mr. I'RATT. The oiiginal ten miles square j
included Alexandria county, the part which 1ms i
already been retroceded to Virginia. My opinion !
is, that jf the wishes of the people of George- i
town were gratified, and all that part of the Dw- !
trict west ot Rock creek retroceded to Maryland
it would take oil' about one third of the remain-1
ing portion. I he chairman of the committee I
thinks u a little loss; but that is my impression. 1
Air. SEWARD. The honorable Senator from
Maryland may bo better informed than 1 am, for
I was for distant at the time ot* the retrocession I
of Alexandria. He may be able to tell mo how '
much was taken off by that retrocession, I have !
not the least idea.
Mr. BROWN. If it could bo thrown into a
square, the present District would be about six
nules square. It was ten miles square before the
retrocession of Alexandria county; that took off
four-tenths.
Mr. STUART. I do not think it is worth
wkilS to consume any time in the discussion of
this measure. It seems to me very obvious that
this proposition has emanated from these people
in contemplation of a sufficientappropriation by
Congress to pay their debts. That is what they
state in their petition. This bill, however, does
not propose to submit the question to them on
those terms. It only proposes^) submit the
single question of whether they desire to be retro-
ceded. It seems to me that in that regard the
bill is certainly not according to the terms of the
petition, and will be utterly useless. These peo-
ple will not say, "We desire to be retroceded to
Maryland with our indebtedness remaining upon
us;" but they will give us a consent with certain
conditions attached, which will not advance us
anything beyond where we are now. I confess,
as a matter of first impression, my own views
are against the retrocession. I am inclined to
think we have as little territory now as we ought
to have attached to the Capitol of the United
States. There might have been a propriety m
retroceding Alexandria county to Virginia, on
account of its being cut off by the river; but that
argument does not apply in this case. Without
consuming time, and as a test question, I move
tho indefinite postponement of the bill.
Mr. PRATT. Many years ago, sir, while I
was a member of the Legislature of my State, a
proposition was made from the corporate author-
ities of Georgetown, asking the consent of Mary-
land to allow that part of the District to go back
to her. I recollect that I originated a resolution
in the Legislature, which passed I believe almost
unanimously, consenting on the part of Mary-
land, if it was the desire of that part of the Dis-
trict of Columbia to come back, to receive them
again as a part of the State to which they origin-
ally belonged.
From that time to the present the question has
boon almost every year agitated in Georgetown,
and also before the"Committee on the District of
Columbia appointed by the Senate. My great
desire in voting for this'hill is to have the ques-
tion set tied. I doubt veiy much whether a
major.ty of the voters west of Rock creek desire
to go back to Maryland. I think, if you submit
the question to them, and let them vote on it,
they wiil probably so decide; and if they should,
you end a question which is involving your com-
mittee m trouble every year. It is in that point
of view that I desire the lull to pass.
There is certainly nothing in the objection
urged by the .Senator from Michigan, who says
you do not submit it to them m the manner in
which they desire to bo letroccded. In other
words, w<* do not offer m the bill a bribe that they
shall vote in a particular way. The bill only says
the people are to vote as to whethe?- they consent
to l\o back to Maryland. They say they want
us to permit them to go back, and pay their debts
besides. JNro such proposition is made by the
bill; but it is to leave them to decide for them-
selves tho isolated question whether they wish to
go back ? The preliminaries of negotiation be-
tween Maryland and the Federal Government,
as to the terms on which they shall g0 back, will
be for the decision of Congress when the people
shall vote affirmatively to go back.
Mr. SEWARD, if this bill happened to con-
tain a condition that the Federal Government
should make an appropriation to pay the debts
of the District, it would be quite unnecessary to
submit it to the people of Georgetown, for 1 am
pretty sure how the vote would be cast in that
case. Theie would be a vote to have the debts
paid, and a liberal appropriation anyhow. I re-
member that when I was temporarily a dweller
in the ei'y of Albany, the capital of my State,
there was an election by whiHi it was submitted
to the people of Albany to decide whether a loan
of $600,000,1 think, should be made on the credit
of the city for the purpose of fading a railroad.
1 declined to vote because I was only a temporary
resident; but an Irishman met me m the street,
and insisted upon it that he had been in the habit
of going to the polls to vote for me, and there-
fore I ought to go to the polls and vote for him,
as he said it was a bill to make money plenty for
poor men, [Laughter.] So I think if you were
to submit such a question to the city of George-
town, as to "whether we should pay their debts
or not, we should have no trouble in getting a
decision favorable to retrocession.
But, Mr. President, as I stand now, as this
matter presents itself to my mind, I am not at ali
in favor of a retrocession of Georgetown; cer-
tainly I do not desire it so much that I would be
willing to vote a liberal sum, or any sum of
money, to get rid of it; but if on an expresssion
of the people it shall appeai^that Georgetown is
impatient of the Federal jurisdiction, and desires
to withdraw from it, my vote will never be given
for paying her debts, or giving-her money for
doing so.
I remember — it cannot be much more than
twenty-four or. twenty-five years ago—when the
then village of Brooklyn, opposite to New York,
situated on Long Island, desired a charter of in-
corporation as a separate city. I voted against it
in the Legislature of New York, and I gave but
that one vote against such an act of incorporation.
I did so because I thought it ought to be a part
of the city of New York, and in time would
become necessary to that city. I have the same
idea of the prosperity and growth of both these
towns, Georgetown and Washington. They are
indispensable to each other. Though the sub-
ject comes back to me now not very freshly, I
think the original arguments which induced the
appropriation of a territory ten miles square for
a seat of Government apply in their full force
against a reduction of the territory which is under
the Federal*jurisdiction, and connected with the
capital of the country. I do not think it expe-"
dient to make any further diminution of the ter-
ritory.
With these views, though I possibly may
change them on further consideration, I shall
vote against this bill. I do not wish to expedite
retrocession in any form.
Mr. STUART. I had, as I remarked, had
no idea of prolonging the debate and no feeling
on the subject; but it struck me at first sight that
if this proposition were submitted to the people
on the terms of the bill, it would be useless,
judging from the petition they have sent here.
But, sir, if the Senate now, as a question of first
impression, are against retroceding, it is better
to vote down this bill, because, perchance, if the
people of that section of the District should vote
upon this proposition in the affirmative, they
would only increase tho difficulties that nowcxist
before the committee. If we find that the people
there by a direct vote have expressed a desire to
be retroceded, and Congress were against it, we
certainly should find ourselves much worse off
than we are now; and hence I submitted this
motion, so that if a majority of the Senate now
weie disinclined to retrocede, we might vote down
the bill at once.
Mr. BROWN. In view of the very thin state
of the Senate, and the importance given to it by
the suggestions of Senators all around the Cham-
ber, 1 propose to pass it over and take up some-
thing else, if that be the sense of the Senate.
The bill was passed over informally.
METROPOLITAN MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill (S. No. 498) incorporating the Metro-
politan Mechanics'Institute for the promotion of
manufactures, commerce, and the mechanic arts.
It was reported (o the Senate without amend-
ment, ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
COLUMBIA WOOD GAS COMPANY.
Mr. BROWN, I have now two gas bills that
I want the Senate to consider. I intend first to
call up the bill (S. No. 3<r>3,) but my friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Buodiiead] asks me to move
first to take up the bill (S. No. 74) to incorporate
the Columbia Wood Gas Company. I make that
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not presume it ia
necessary to read this bill. I have some serious
objections to its passage.
Mr. PIIATT. I understand from my friend
from Pennsylvania that he is very unwell. -I
know that, when the bill was up at the last ses-
sion, he participated in the discussion for the
reason that he felt it his duty to do so, because
of the deep interest which his constituents had
as stockholders in the existing company; and I
therefore think it would be but justice to him that
the bill should be postponed until next Friday,
when it can regularly come up.
