1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MR,
Mr. BRODHEAD. I am not very well to-day,
but 1 am well enough to state my objections to
the bill. Still 1 would prefer that it should go
over.
Mr. ALLEN. I move that the further con-
sideration of the bill be postponed until Friday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
ALEXANDER J. ATOCHA.
Mr. PRATT. With the consent of the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on the District
of Columbia, I now ask that the Senate will con-
sent to take up a private bill. It is to authorize
payment of the claim of Seiior Atocha, which I
ask may be taken up and passed. The bill merely
requires that it shall go to the accounting officers
of the Treasury for the purpose of examination,
and the only payment authorized is out of the
fund belonging to Mexico which remains in the
Treasury, growing out of the third section of the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. I think there will
be no objection to it on the part of Senators. If
there be not, I should be glad to have it passed.
Mr. STUART. On the last private bill day,
when the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard]
•was obliged to leave here, he ijientioned this bill
to me as one of two that he did not wish to be
considered in his absence. I-Ie said that he had
examined them, and was very much opposed to
them. He was present this morning, but I pre-
sume he lias left under the supposition that the
day would be consumed in the consideration of
District business. I shall therefore deem it my
duty, in obedience to that request, to ask the
Senate to let it lie over until the Senator from
Pelaware is here.
. Mr. PRATT. Of course. I withdraw my
motion.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cmxom, their Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills;
which thereupon received the signature of the
President pro tempore:
An act more effectually to enforce the attend-
ance of witnesses, on .the summons of cither
House of Congress, and to compel them to dis-
cover testimony;
And act for the relief of Thomas J. Churchill,
late a lieutenant in the first Kentucky regiment
of volunteers;
An act for the relief of John H. Horne; and
An 'act making a reappropriation from the sur-
plus fund for the relief of Lieutenant John Guest,
united States Navy, and others.
MERCHANTS AND MECHANICS' BANK.
Mr. BROWN. I now move to take up the
bill reported by my colleague [Mr. Allen] on the
committee to incorporate the Merchants and Me-
chanics' Bank of Washington, m the District of
Columbia. This is our last District bill on the
Calendar, I believe.
Mr. BIGGS. > I feel very unwilling that a bill
of this importance should be acted on by such a
thin Senate. I do not think there is a quorum
here. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. DODGE. I hope we shall have an exec-
utive session.
Mr. BIGGS. I withdraw the motion for that
purpose.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. DODGE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
• and after some time time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Satuiway, Janvarit 24,1857.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Damiel Waldo.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business in
order was the reception of reports upon private
bills from the standing committees of the House.
COMMUNICATION PROM THE CLERK.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from its Clerk,
presenting a list of the clerks and other persons
employed in the Clerk's office of the House of
Representatives for 1856; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, announcing
that the Senate had passed a bill of the House",
entitled "A bill more effectually to enforce the
attendance of witnesses on the summons of either
House of Congress, and to compel them to dis-
cover testimony." ' •
C. B.' R. KENNERLY.
Mr. FAULKNER. I desire to ask the indul-
gence of the House in reference to a bill which
was passed over yesterday, simply because of
the accidental absence at the time of the report
which accompanied the bill. It is a bill (H. U.
No. 528) for the relief of C. B. R. Kennerly. The
gentleman who made the objection, upon an in-
spection of the pape®, is willing- to withdraw his
objection. It is a bill about the propriety of
which there is no question. T therefore move
that the Committee of the Whole House be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
same, and that it be put upou its passage.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask that the bill
be read. '
The bill, which was read, provides that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be directed to pay to C.
B. R. Kennerly the sum of §536 66, for medical
services rendered the military escort of the bound-
ary commission in the years 1854 and 1855.
No objection being made, the Committee of
the Whole House was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of said bill, and it was read
the third time.
The report was read. It appears therefrom
that Dr. Kennerly was employed on the 1st of
November, 1854, by written contract between
himself and Captain Smith, of the United States
Army, to render medical attendance to the mil-
itary escort which accompanied the boundary
commission, at the rate of fifty dollars per month.
He performed the services under this contract
from the 1st of November, 1854, to the 22d of
September, 1855. No question was made, as to
the propriety of the employment, or the reason-
ableness of the compensation, but as to the fund
from which it was to be paid. The committee
find that, under the contract, the sum of $536 GG
is due.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
Mr. McMUJLLIN. I do not know that I ought
to oppose the passage of this bill;'but, sir, it
appears to me to be in accordance with other bills
which we have had before us, and which we are
likely to have before us.
Mr. FAULKNER. The gentleman will per-
mit mo to ask him the name of the bill of a char-
acter like this which is likely to come before the
House?
Mr. McMULLIN. I ask my worthy colleague
if this bill is not for extra compensation for extra
services -U
Mr. FAULICNER, I tell him that it is not,
in any proper sense in which the term " extra
compensation" is used.
Mr. McMULLIN. If it is not for that, I con-
fess that I do not know what it is for. Here is
a gentleman in the employment of the Govern-
ment at a fixed salary 
Mr. FAULKNER. The gentleman is alto-
gether mistaken. Dr. Kennerly was employed
to accompany the military escoi t of the Mexican
boundary commission at a fixed compensation,
prescribed in the written contract at fifty dollars
per month. He performed that duty, and the
only question that exists is, as to the fund from
which the compensation should now be paid.
The Secretary of War, before whom the claim
was brought, was of opinion that the compensa-
tion should be paid from that fund winch had
been specially set apart by Congress for paying
the expenses of the boundary commission. The
Secretary of the Interior was of the opinion that
inasmuch as this was service rendered to the
military escort of the boundary commission, he
ought to be paid by the Secretary of War. This
bill is to pay him his fifty dollars per month for
the services rendered to the military escort of the
boundary commission. Both Departments ac-
knowledge the justice of the claim. The only
question was, from what fund the money should
be paid.
Mr. McMtlLLIN. I desire.to Joiowfrom my
colleague •whether this person was not. in the'
receipt of fifty dollars per month for hi&services,"'
separate and apart from the bill? . v" ' '
Mr, FAULKNER, No, sir—not for the'same
service, nor under the same contract. '
Mr. McMULLIN. He has received nothing,'
and this is his only compensation?
Mr. FAULKNER, lie received a distinct
compensation for his medical services as surgeon
to the boundary commission.
Mr. McMULLIN. Will my colleague state
what the amount of that compensation was?
How much did the individual receive for his ser-
vices as being connected with the boundary sur-
vey ?
Mr. FAULKNER. I do not now recollect the
.precise sums. The papers will show. But this
was a distinct employment, having no connection
with the service provided for in this bill. This
bill is for compensation under a written contract
with an officer of the Government for his services
to the military escort of that commission.
Mr. McMULLIN. I shall move, before I take
my seat, to reconsider the vote by which the
Committee of the Whole House was discharged
from the further consideration of this bill. It
may be that, when I come to examine this bill, I
will find that my colleague is right, and that this
man should be paid for his services. But 1 was
not mistaken in my first supposition, to wit: that
this individual was in the employment of the
Government, and received his salary for the ser-
vices performed under his first contract with the
Government, and that now he comes forward and
asks an additional compensation for extra services
rendered. This is perfectly appaient from tho
statement of my colleague.
Sir, this bill may be a proper one; but the prac-
tice has become so universal, in this day, for
military officers who have performed their duties,
and have been paid for their military services, to
come forward and ask additional compensation,
that I want to see that this is not one of such
cases. It is not only the military officers of the
Government who require extra compensation—
and who, I am free to say, are more deserving of
it than the others—but many of your officeholders
about the city. But, Mr. Speaker, the policy is
wrong in principle. If the compensation which
you propose to give to gentlemen in the employ-
ment of the Government is not sufficient in tho
outset, increase it; make the pay adequate and
sufficient; and let us avoid all this special legis-
lation for this, that, and all sorts of cases which
may arise. Look, sir, at the case which was
before the House this day week, and which gave
rise to the able discussion between my distin-
guished colleague [Mr. Letcher] and the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Haven.] Sir, we
are to be continually annoyed with these claims
for extra salaries if we do not arrest this policy.
It may be that this case, on investigation, may
prove to be a proper one, and my friend and col-
league [Mr. Faulkner] tells me it is. But he
does not know what amount of compensation
this individual has received. It may be that he
has not been sufficiently paid. I do not know
what the facts arc, but I would like to have an
opportunity of looking into them. ,
Mr. FA0LKNER. I am sorry that this case,
which I thought would have been disposed of
without any difficulty, should have consumed so
much of the time of the House. The gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. McMullin] is not more
opposed than I am to what may be properly
termed " extra compensation." If the gentle-
man will permit me, I will state the facts of the
case.
Mr. McMULLIN. Go on; I wish to know
all the facts.
Mr. FAULKNER. Dr. Kennerly is not an
officer of the Army. He has no connection with
the Army. He was employed as surgeon and
naturalist to the Mexican boundary surveij com-
mission. His services as such were confined
exclusively to the civil department of that com-
mission. Subsequently, it was found necessary
to have a large military escort, for the protection
of the commission against the apprehended hos-
tilities of the Indians roaming the country through
which they were to pass. The Secretary of War
dispatched a large military escort, but omitted to
supply this escort with surgical aid. They found
