458
THE CONGKESSlOWAli GLOBE.
January 24,
themselves in a remote settlement without sur;
gical or medical assistance, whereupon a con-
tract was made between the officer in command '
of the escort and Dr. Kennerly^under which th6
latter was to receive fifty dollars per month, in
consideration of his medical and surgical attend-
ance on the escort. As to the reasonableness of
the compensation, and the fidelity with which he
discharged his engagement, there is no question;
and with the Secretary of War and the Secretary
of the Interior it.was only a question out of what
fund.this money should be paid.
Mr. JONTES, of Tennessee. I understand that
Dr. Kennerly made a contract to accompany the
boundary survey commission.
Mr. FAULKNER. Yes; and in addition to
that, made the contract I have referred to, by
which he was to afford medical attendance to the
military escort.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Was he not em-
ployed by the Interior Department to accompany
the boundary survey commission as medical as-
sistant? He was; and then, when it was found
necessary to have a military cscort to accompany
that commission, another contract was made with
the officer in command of that escort, by which
Dr. Kennerly was to receive fifty dollars for his
medical attendance on it. He made a contract
with the'Government to attend the boundary sur-
vey commission as surgeon and naturalist at a
certain compensation. He now comes in here
and asks that he shall have fifty dollars per month
in addition, for attending at the same time on a
few soldiers who were with the commission. If
a thousand civilians had gone with that commis-
sion as its attendants, Dr. Kennerly would have
had to give his services without additional pay;
but because a few soldiers went out with it as its
escort, although ho may have had nothing to do,
he asks for frfty dollars per month in addition.
Mr. McMULLlN. I repent, if this discussion
be unnecessary, that I have given rise to it; but I
think it is not unnecessary, and that it has shown
the truth of my first supposition. Dr. Kennerly
was engaged to attend this boundary survey com-
mission as surgeon and naturalist. Before they
arrived at their destination it was thought advi-
sable that there should be a military escort to
protect it against assaults from the Indians. This
surgeon to the commission found it very conve-
nient to make a contract with the officer in com-
mand of the escort, to attend it at a compensation
of fifty dollars per month. If these are the facts,
as I understand they are, I imagine I do not ap-
peal in vain to my colleague to allow time for
members to look into the ease; for if this is not
extra compensation, without extra service, then
I do not know what it is. You may talk about
your Dickins bill, orany other bill of the like sort,
but I have scarcely ever seen a bill of so little
meritas this. 1 beg pardon forhavingdetained the
House, 1 move to reconsider the vote by which
the Committee of the Whole House was dis-
charged from the further consideration of this
bill.
The SPEAKER. It is in order to move to
recommit the bill to the Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. McMULLlN. I make that motion, then,,
that the subjcct may be fully considered. i
Mr. QUITMAN. I care not m what capacity !
this gentleman was employed on the boundary i
survey commission. It is a rale, that when a ;
body of troops of the United States find them-,
selves in the field, where it is impossible to
supply themselves with a surgeon, the com-
manding officer shall, from dictates of humanity,
if from no other motive, make a contract for
medical attendance. He has the right to do it.
It matters not from what source that attendance
may proceed. These troops were in the field in
the regular discharge of their military duty.
They were without a surgeon, and it was the
duty of the officer in command to secure medical
attendance for them. He made a contract with
Dr. Kennerly for that attendance, as he had the
right to do. The doctor performed that service,
and claims now only the terms of his contract.
I am reminded that this military escort had
nothing to do with the commission, further than
to protect it from the assaults of the Indians.
They were in the ordinary military service of the
country.
"Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a qutestioh. I understand 'that the'Secre tary
of War has declined to allow this pay of fifty
dollars per month extra to Dr. Kennerly, because
the service was rendered tcfthese troops as part
of the commission. If he did not so regard them,
would he not have paid Dr. Kennerly for his ser-
vice to them out of the appropriations for the
support of the Army? He declines to do so, as
I understand, because lie considers that, as the
esqprt was for the protection of the boundary
survey commission, it was a part of that com-
mission.
Mr. QUITMAN. I will answer very frankly
that I do not consider the military escort as a
part of the boundary/commission, nor do I be-
lieve their rations and pay would properly come
out of the fund appropriated to that boundary
commission.
PRIVILEGES OF TJJE HOUSE.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I understand that the Sergeant-at-Arms
has in his custody, ready to be brought to the
bar of the House, Joseph L. Chester, a witness
attached by order of the House.
Mr. J. G-. Glossbrenner, Sergeant-at-Arms
of the Houseof Representatives, then announced
that, in obedience to the order of the House of
the 16th of January, instant, he presented within
the bar of the House Joseph L. Chester.
Mr. PHELPS. Is this the witness who, ac-
cording to hid friends, could not appear before
the committee the other day, on account of sick-
ness? [Laughter.]
Mr. KELSEY. I offer the following resolu-
tion in reference to this matter:
Resolved, That the Speaker propound to Joseph L. Ches-
ter the following questions: " What excuse have, you for
aot appearing heloro the select committee of this House,
pursuant to the summon* served upon you on the I4tli in-
stant?" " Are you now ready to appear before said com-
mittee, and answer to such proper questions as shall he put
to you by said committee /"
Mr. PHELPS. I call the previous question
upon the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. In order to avoid the diffi-
culties which occurred the other day under sim-
ilar circumstances, I propose that this witness
bo required to write out his answers, and qualify
to them under oath, and report them to this
House.
Mr. PHELPS. I have this suggestion to
make, that those questions might be categoric-
ally answered; and if this witness shall attempt
to abuse the privilege, we can punish him, and I
am willing to do it.
Mr. LETCHER. I understand that when a
witness is brought forward for contempt, he is
to answer for that contempt under oath. Now,
you propose to bring forward a witness in con-
tempt, without putting him under oath at all. I
want to see this thing done in a legal way. I
want him to prepare his answers deliberately,
qualify them, and present them to the House. I
do not desire to see reenacted to-day the scenes
of a day or two ago: when questions were pro-
pounded by the Chair, the witness appeared in
the aisle of the House, and instead of respond-
ing, undertook to deliver a lecture to the mem-
bers of this House, reflecting upon each and all.
I submit my motion.
Mr. BROOM. As a matter of justice to
myself, it is necessary to make one remark in
reply to what was said by the gentleman from
Missouri, who rose and asked if this was the
witness of whom it was said he was so very sick
that he could not appear before the committee.
If I am alluded to, I will say to the gentleman
that no such remark was made by me. I stated
explicitly to the House that I understood that
Colonel Chester was unwell and had gone home,
and that that was the reason why he did not
appear before the committee.
Mr. PHELPS. I did not allude to any gen-
tleman in particular. I heard it stated at the
time the proceeding took place the other day,
that we were in rather hot haste, and were doing
injustice to Mr. Chester, because it was said that
Tas 80 s*ckthathe could not attend the sittings
ivr COramittee- 1 alluded to that rumor.
Mr. GROW. I am opposed to the motion of
the gentleman from Virginia. I am not aware
of any court that requires a-person brought be-
fore that court to ascertain whether he is in con-
tempt or not, to answer under oath. This witness
is brought here, and you ask him why he did
not'obey your summons? He gives his reasons;
and up to that time you do not know whether
his excuse is sufficient or not for not obeying
your summons. Until he gives his reason you
have no right, in my judgment, to require him
to answer under oath, or prescribe the mode of
answering; and there is no law requiring any
such process'. When he answers, and you de-
cide that his answer is not a sufficient excuse, he
is in contempt, and a court requires a person,
under such circumstances, to purge himself by
answer under oath. But you sit as a legislative
body, with discretionary powers; you summons
before you a citizen of the Republic, put to him
certain questions, and the right of free speech
requires that he be permitted to answer those
questions as he pleases, and you can act upon his
answer as you please.. But the course which is
proposed would trample upon the rights which
belong to every man under the common law. I
am opposed to overturning all these safeguards
which our fathers have thrown around personal
liberty. When the common law, built up by the
experience and wisdom of ages, is proposed to
be trampled down by special act, it is time to
consider what invasion upon them we are making.
1 am opposed to requiring any person, arraigned
at the bar of this House, to answer questions in
any prescribed mode. Let him answer by hitf
own conscience and judgment with the same free-
dom that one member would answer ail inquiry
put to him by another. He comes here charged,
not with an offense, and will not be until it ia
made out that he has committed one against our
authority. He may have a good excuse, and
satisfactory to the House. Let him state it in
his own way. Until he is placed by his own
action in an inexcusable position for not obeying,
he is entitled to the freedom of speech, and the
rights which belong to every American citizen.
Mr. STEWART. It seems to me that this
whole difficulty may be obviated by requiring this
party to answer on oath such questions as shall
be propounded to him by the House upon his
voir dire. He is brought in by the Sergeant-at-
Arms under the process of this House for a con-
tempt. It is perfectly legitimate, according to
my understanding in proceedings analogous to
this, that the proposition submitted by my friend
from Virginia should be carried out. It is within
the discretion of the House whether the party
should answer in writing or ore tenus. He is
returned as in custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms
by that officer himself. Fie is before this House
in contempt, and it is therefore proper that such
questions as the House may deem pertinent should
be submitted to him, and that he should answer
upon his voir dire, under oath or affirmation. If
the proposition of the gentleman from Virginia
assumes that form, I think there can be no valid
objection.
Mr. KELSEY". I raise the question of order,
that as we have already passed a resolution re-
quiring the Speaker to put these questions, it is
not in order to have any further order executed.
The SPEAKER. This is an order of the
House in further execution of the order lately
adopted. It is impossible for the Speaker to
declare whether the answers shall be oral, or
written and under oath.
Mr. TODD. I wish to ask for the order of
the House directing the arrest of Mr. Chester.
Mr. BROOM. I hope my colleague will allow
me to say thai I am authorized by the person
at the bar of the House to say, that he prefers
answering the questions, in accordance with the
suggestion of the gentleman from Virginia, in
writing. I hope that will terminate this ques-
tion.
The rescript ordering the arrest of Mr. Ches-
ter wtts read. It recites, that whereas Joseph L.
Chester had been duly summoned to appear and
testify before a committee of the House, ap-
pointed in pursuance of a resolution of the 9th
instant, and that whereas said Chester had neg-
lected to appear before said committee pursuant
to said summons, therefore it was resolved that
the Speaker issue his order, directing the Ser-
geant-at-Arms to take into custody the body of
said Chester wherever it was to be found, and to
