1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL (SGOBE.:
4S91
have the same forthwith at the-bar of the House
to answer as and for a contempt of its-authority.
Mr. TODD. I am opposed to the motion of
the gentleman from Virginia, because I conceive
it to be an innovation on all the established prin-
ciples in analogous cases. The common practice
in all the courts of law—where a witness neglects
to appear before it when summoned—is to issue
an attachment to enforce his presence; and when
produced before the court the question put to him
is, why he did not obey the process of the court?
The answer to that question is made by the wit-
ness in,all the-courts -without being subjected to
an oath or affirmation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think the
gentleman is in error.
Mr. TODD. The gentleman from Illinois says
that I am in error in saying that this is the rule
in all courts. I do not know what the practice
may be in the State of Illinois. It is there prob-
ably regulated by statute; but in my own State
I state what is the universal practice in all our
courts. When the attachment is issued, and the
■witness is brought in, he is subjected to an inquiry
as to the reasons controlling his conduct. He
gives those reasons, and if they are found satis-
factory by the court he is discharged. If not
satisfactory he is punished by fine or imprison-
ment. If a sufficient; reason be not assigned,
then the act of absenting himself, and not giving
obedience to the process of the court, is perfect.
He is continued in custody and subject to pun-
ishment.
Now, I would like to know on what rule, on
what practice, or on what precedent, a Witness,
summoned to the bar of this House, is obliged to
be put on oath? It is an innovation, and one
which ought not to be sanctioned by this House.
I am perfectly willing that, if the party brought
before the bar of the House desire to answer
under oath or in writing, he should be permitted
to do so; but I am utterly opposed to subjecting
him to this necessity, and therefore I hope that
the motion will not be agreed to.
Mr. STEPHENS. Mr. Speaker, this party is
now before the House to show cause why he
should not be proceeded against as for a contempt.
The motion of the gentleman from Virginia is,
that his cause, when shown, shall be in writing
and under oath. I think the motion a correct
one. I am very much surprised to hear what
the gentleman from Pennsylvania says is the
Fractice in the courts of his State in like cases.
think I may say that it is almost universal in
the courts of the States with which I am ac-
quainted, that the answer in such cases shall be
in writing and under oath. There may be excep-
tions; but all instances of the kind would be ex-
ceptions to the general rule. Why, sir, this is
the way in which the party is to purge himself
of the contempt. It is to be done under his own
oath. His statement cannot do it. Believing
the motion of the gentleman from Virginia to be
right, and that this debate ought to stop, I move
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
;The question was. taken on Mr. Letcher's
motion, that the answers by the respondent at
the bar of the House be in writing and under
oath; and it was agreed to—ayes one hundred
and five, noes.not counted.
Mr. WADE asked leave to present the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That Joseph L. Chester be discharged from the
custody of the Scrgeant-at-Arms, after hfibhall have ap-
peared before the select committee, appointed on the 9th
instant, and fully answered all such proper questions as
may be put to him by said committee.
Mr. STEPHENS objected.'
In pursuance of the order of the House, Mr.
Chester retired, in the custody of the Sergeant-
at-Arms, to prepare his answers to the interrog-
atories.
C. B. R. KENNERLY AGAIN.
- The question recurred on Mr. McMcllin s
motion, that the bill for the relief of Dr. Kenner-
ly be referred to the Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. TODD. I desire to say, with reference to.
this bill, that when it was reached on the Calendar
yesterday, I made an objection on the ground
that, as I .understood,-there was no report. I
have subsequently ascertained that there was a
report; and from an examination of the facts of
the case, I have become satisfied that this bill is
a just and proper one, and should pass. For that
reason I consent to withdraw the objection which
I offered. I -move the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that th*
bill be laid on the table.
The motion was not agreed to;
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put. •
The motion to recommit was disagreed to;
there being, on a division—ayes 54, noes 83.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. McMULLIN demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that
this bill is here without any report from the com-
mittee, and I see some here who do not under-
stand exactly the faots in the case.
Mr. TODD. I beg to correct the gentleman;
there is a written report accompanying the bill.
The SPEAKER. The report was read this
morning.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I was not present
when it was read. It is printed on tho bill " no
report.'' These are the facts as } gather them.
A commission was raised to run the line between
the United States and Mexico, according to the
treaty. Dr. Kennedy was .employed to accom-
pany it as physician and naturalist, at a salary
of $100 per month. It was'deemed wise and
necessary to send with the commission a military
escort, not only lor the safety of the commission,
but of all the assistants, Dr. Kennedy included.
Some troops, perhaps thirty, under the command
of Capt tin C. K. Smith, were detailed fur that pur-
pose. How many the entire commission counted
1 do not know. When they were about to start,
Captain Smith made a written contract with Dr.
Kennerly, by which the doctor was to receive fifty
dollars per month for his services as medical
attendant on the troops under his command,
nothing being said of the $100 compensation for
attending on this same boundary commission;
for, sir, this escort was as much a part of that
commission as Dr. Kennerly himself. If a com-
pany of volunteers had been raised to accompany
the commission for its protection, there would
have been no authority for any additional con-
tract with Dr. Kennerly. Was he employed as
an army surgeon ? The Surgeon General of the
Army would not recognize the validity of the
contract made between Captain Smith and Dr.
Kennerly; and decided that Dr. Kennerly should
be paid out of the appropriation for the boundary
survey commission. He has been paid out of
that appropriation to the extent of $100 per month.
The Secretary of War has affirmed the decision
of Surgeon General Lawson; and the Secretary
of the Interior refuses to pay Dr. Kennerly on
this contract with Captain Smith, on the ground
that he has already been paid for his services as
physician to the commission.
Mr. SNEED. Did not the Government con-
tract with him for so much per month during the
time he was engaged with the commission?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
Mr. SNEED And now, as I understand, the
Government is asked to pay again for a part of
that very time for which he contracted, and has
been paid already.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And the superior
of the officer who made the contract with him
has repudiated it.
Mr. McMULLIN. i The House must now un-
derstand this question. Ilere is an individual,
as is shown by the gentleman from Tfjnnessoe,
who contracted with the Government for his ser-
vice on this boundary survey commission at $100 |
per month. A military officer came forward, and
without any right to do so, made another contract
with him for the same identical service. And we
are now called upon to pay $50 per month under
the latter contract. Is not this extra compensa-
tion, not for the extra service, but for the same
service ?
Mr. DAVIDSON. What is the difference be-
tween this and the Pendleton bill, for which the
gentleman voted ?
Mr. McMULLIN. When that question comes
up I am prepared to answer.
Mr. QUITMAN. I will ask the gentleman
from Virginia one question, whicbr. I think i 
decisivet of this case; Does he thinks that, the;
surgeon appointed for the boundary commission,
would have been guilty of neglect of duty, if he.
had refused to attend upon the troops assigned as
a military escort? >. .
Mr. McMULLIN. I thank the gentleman for;
his interrogatory. I ask the gentleman,.if that,
military escort was not called apon to protect the
boundary commission, if it did not compose a.
part of that commission ? And I ask also, if that
medical officcr was not as much bound in honor,
and, according to his contract, to administer med-
icine to the military portion of the commission as-
to the surveyor himself? The military escort, I
beg the gentleman to remember, was to protect
the boundary commission, and both together con-
stituted one corps. This medical officer was
employed at $100 a month to administer his ser-
vices to that boundary commission. A military
escort was called in to protect that boundary com-
mission, and for this man to come forward now
and ask this Government to pay him fifty dollars
a month more than the contract is an outrage.
I think we should stop this allowing extra com-
pensation, not for performing extra services, but
for the very services the party is bound to per-
form. I call for the yeas and nays, 
Mr. CLINGMAN demanded the previous ques-
tion. • • .,
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
ENROLLED BILI>. ■
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, here reported as truly enrolled an act more
effectually to enforce the attendance of witnesses
on the summons of cither House of Congress, and
to compel them to discover testimony; when the
Speaker signed the same.
C. B. R. KENNERLY—AGAIN.
Mr. FAULKNER. Having reported this bill,
I believe I have the right to close the debate upon
it after the previous question has been seconded.
The SPEAKER. In the Committee of the
Whole House the gentleman would have_ that
right under the rule.
Mr. FAULKNER. I believe it is understood
to be the rule of this House that the person who.
reports a bill has the right to speak to the merits
of it after the previous question is called. I pro-
pose to occupy the attention of the House but a
very few moments; but I desire to exercise that
right if I am entitled to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill has already con-
sumed too much time.
Mr. FAULKNER. If I have the right to
make some remarks, I wish to do so.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood the Speaker
to decide that the gentleman has not the right.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has made no
decision. He only suggested a doubt. Unless>
the question is raised, the gentleman will pro-
ceed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I raise the point of order,
thai debate is out order. •
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman from Virginia, having reported the
bill from the Committee on Military Affairs, has
the right, under the rules, to close debate upon
the question at this time.
Mr. FAULKNER. It is well that this priv-
ilege is accorded to the individual reporting a bill,
as otherwise, if such an exhibition as has this
day occurred in the House were common, it is
difficult to see how justice would ever be done
to a claimant. I shall not abuse that privilege
by any very extended remarks, my object being
solely to present in a few words the merits of this
case, and to repel some misrepresentations of the
facts which have been made upon this floor. I
have no recollection of having ever before wit-
nessed so fierce and unreasonable an opposition to
any private claim; and I would take' the liberty
of reminding those gentlemen who are so eager
to exhibit themselves before the country as vig-
ilant sentinels of the public Treasury,, that the
Government has other-interests besides those
merely pecuniary—that i,t has its honorand good
faith to preserve from violation, as well as its
Treasury to guard against improper spoliation;
and I have no hesitation in expressing my opin-
ion, that if this House should now repudiate the
