■ASSt
THE COKGMSSIQNAL GLOBE.
January 24,
States Navy; which was referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CLINGMAN, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported back, with an amend-
ment, a bill (S. No. 259) for the relief of Wil-
liam K. Jenningsand others; which was referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the same committee,
£ resented adverse reports in the case of Thomas
L. Brent, and in the case of Margaret Heap,
widow of the late United States Consul at Tunis;
and the petitions and reports were laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that it
<Jo pass, a bill (S. No. 333) for the relief of
Joseph Graham; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. STANTON asked leave to report a joint
resolution appropriating $10,000 for the outfit and
salary of a Commissioner to the islands of the
East Indian Archipelago.
Mr. LETCHER objected.
Mr. TALBQTT, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 289)
for the benefit of John W. Cox; which was re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. T., from the same committee, also pre-
sented an adverse report m the case of the peti-
tion of John McGraw, a soldier in the war of
. -1812; and the petition and report werelaid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
"Mr. T. also, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the benefit of Anthony Devitt,
which was rend a first and second time.
Mr. JEWETT. I ask that the bill be consid-
ered at the present tirne. It is a meritorious case,
and ought to be provided for.
The bill directs that the name of Anthony
Devitt shall be placed on the invalid pension roll,
{it seventeen dollars per month from the 1st day
of January, 1856, and to continue during his
natural life.
It appears that he was a soldier in the United
States Army for nine years and seven months,
and while in the discharge of his military duties
endured great hardships and privations, which
have engendered epilepsy, and that this disease
disables him from gaining his own livelihood.
The bill was rend n first ami second time.
It was tlien ordered to he engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read tile third tune, and passed.
Mr. TALBOTT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE, from the Committee on In- I
valid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
John Duncan; which was read a first and second
time.
• Mr. P. said: This bill has been hanging here
for six or seven years, and I hope it will be put
on its passage at this time. It is for a poor old
blind mta.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of John Duncan on the invalid
pension roll at the rate of sixteen dollars per
month, from 3d December, 1855, to the end of
his natural life. It appears that Mr. Duncan
became blind while in the naval service of .the
country.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
The question being " Shall the bill pass ?"
Mr. MILLER, of New York, objected.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am surprised at the
objection of the gentleman.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I would inquire if
an objection can prevent its consideration.'
The SPEAKER. If the bill contains no ap-
propriation it can be considered at this time.
Mr. FLORENCE. There is no appropriation
in the bill. 1 call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was passed.
"Mr. FLORENCE moved that the vote by
which the bill was passed be reconsidered, and
also moved that the motion to reconsider belaid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MILLER, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions, reported the
following bills; which were severally read the
first and second time, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and, with the reports,
ortlered to be printed: •
A bill for the relief of John Montey, a soldier
of the war of the Revolution; and
A bill for the relief of the surviving children of
Basil Mignault.
Mr. ROBBINS, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Henry
Taylor, and also a bill for the relief of Samuel
Goodrich; which were severalty read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee' of the
Whole House, and, with the reports, ordered to
be printed.
Mr. DICK, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Chove Chase; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the report,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PIKE, from the same committee, reported
the following bills; which were severally read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the reports, ordered
to be printed:
A bill for the relief of Thomas Berry;
A bill for the relief of Simon Record;
A bill for the relief of James 0. Bean; and
A bill for the relief of Allen Smith.
Mr. LUMPKIN, from the same committee,
reported the following bills; which were sever-
ally read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
reports, ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of Joseph Bailey, an in-
valid soldier of the war of 1812; and
A bill for the relief of Elijah Dailey, an in-
valid soldier of the war of 1812.
On motion of Mr. LUMPKIN, it was
Ordered, That the Committor on Invalid Pensions be dis-
charged from the further confederation of the petition of
Abraham Long, and that the same bo referred to the Com-
mittee on Puvate Land Claims.
On motion of Mr. LUMPKIN, it was
Ordered, That tile Committee on J n valid Pensions be dis-
charged fiom the further consideration of the application
of John liunner, of Louisiana, and that the same be laid on
the talile.
Ml*. FLORENCE. I desire to report back
from the Committee on Invalid Pensions a bill
(H. R. No. 707) to equalize the Army, Navy,
and Marine pensions.
The SPEAKER. It is not a private bill, and
can only be reported by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
Mr. NICHOLS, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following:
Hesolred, Tliat there be printed for the use of tlie Gen
oral li.md Office five hundred i;.\tra copies of the anuual
report ot the Commissioner of saul office, together with the
accompanying maps and exhibits.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. A few days ago I
reported a resolution from the Committee on
Public Lands, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing, asking that one thousand
extra copies of the report of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office be printed for the use of
that office. I did it at the request of the Com-
missioner. He repeatedly enforced upon me the
necessity of having one thousand extra copies
printed for the use of that office. I brought the
matter to the attention of the Committee on Public
Lands, and a resolution was unanimously adopted
authorizing the printing of one thousand extra
copies. That resolution was referred to the
Committee on Printing, That committee reports
back a resolution to print live hundred copies
only, the usual number printed by the House for
the use of that office. The Commissioner of the
Land Office told me that that is the usual num-
ber, but that in consequence of the increased ex-
tent of our domain, it was absolutely necessary
that the House should vote one thousand extra
copies. The question was fairly weighed by the
Committee on Public JLands,and that committee
unanimously directed me to report a resolution
to print one thousand extra copies; and it was
referred to the Committee on Printing. That
committee has thought proper to report back a
resolution to .print only five hundred copies—that
being the usual number. Neither I nor the Com-
mittee on Public Lands have any feeling on the
subject, and no inducement to offer the resolution
except the request of the Commissioner. The
House has now all the facts before it. If the
House thinks that one thousand extra copies are
required, let it order them to be printed. If not,
let the House concur in the report of the Com-
mittee On Printing. I move to amend the reso-
lution by striking out the words " five hundred "
and inserting in lieu thereof the words "one
thousand." .
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I believe the
House has ordered twenty thousand copies of the
President's message and accompanying docu-
ments to be printed for distribution by members
of the House, and by the heads of Departments.
These documents comprise this report, and the
number printed is, it seems to me, sufficient for
general distribution over the country. Five hun-
dred copies for the use of the Land Office are, it
seems to me, a sufficient number. It is suggested
to me that that office alsogets five hundred copies
from the Senate^ That,it seems to me, is enough
for the purpose of supplying all the public offices
connected with the General. Land. Office; and I
suppose it is not the policy of the House to print
the document for general distribution by the De-
partment.
Mr. NICHOLS. I have but one word to say.
We have reported, in conformity with the rule
adopted by the committee, not to exceed in our
recommendations the usual number of these doc-
uments; although, if the House choose to in-
crease that number, it is not material to the Com-
mittee on Printing. Having said this, I move
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Cobb's amend-
ment; and it was not,agreed to.
The resolution was agreed to.
BILLS UPON THE SPEAICEIt's TABLE.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asked the con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table Senate bills of a private nature, for refer-
ence only.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the under-
standing that none of them are to be brought
back to the House for reconsideration.
The proposition was agreed to; and the follow-
ing bills were taken from the Speaker's table,
severally read a firstand second time, and referred
as indicated below:
An act (S. No. 3IS) to vest the titles to certain
warrants for land in George M. Gordon. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
An act (S. No. 334) for the relief of Charles
Lucas and his legal representatives, and for
other purposes. Referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
An act (S. No. 335) for the relief of the heirs
and legal representatives of Pierre Cazellar, de-
ceased. Referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
An act (S. No. 354) for the relief of Santiago
y Arguello. Referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
An act (S. No. 357) for the relief of Lieutenant
Frederick Chatard, United States Navy. - Re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
An act (S. No. 361) for the benefit of the cap-
tors of the British brig Caledonia in the war of
1812. Referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
An act (S. No. .162) for the relief of Catharine
V. R. Cochrane, sole surviving child of the late
General Philip Schuyler. Referred to the.Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
An act (S. No. 364) for the relief of John Scott,
Hill W. House, and Samuel O. House. Referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
An act (S. No. 369) for the relief of Laurent
Millandon. Referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
An act (S. No. 374) for the relief of Moses
Noble. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act (S. No. 390) for the relief of John Dick,
qf Florida. Referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
