464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26.
house bills referred.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
An act (No. 677) for the benefit of Anthony
Devitt, late a sergeant in the third artillery of the
^United States Army—to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
, ,An act (No. 7G8) for the relief of James Dun-
can—to the Committee on Pensions.
An act (No. 399) for the relief of Charlotte
Turner — to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
bills become laws.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Webster, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President of the United States
had this day approved and signed the following
acts:
' An act for the relief of John H. Home;
Art act making a reappropriation from the sur-
plus fund for the relief of Lieutenant John Guest,
of the United States Navy, and others; and
An act for the relief of Thomas J. Churchill,
late a lieutenant in the first Kentucky regiment
of volunteers.
NAVAL DESERTIONS.
Mr. HOUSTON. It was my intention this
morning to move to take up the resolution which
I submitied some time since, calling for informa-
tion respecting desertions and otlier matters in
the Navy Department. I see that the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs is not at
present in his seat, and I therefore wish it post-
poned until to-morrow morning, when I hope the
Senate will extend to me the courtcsy of consider-
ing and passing it.
THE CALENDAR.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, I find upon the
Calendar quite a number of special orders, as
well as a number of bills on the general orders,
that have been virtually disposed of, but which
yet incumber the Calendar. I therefore ask that
the subjects I shall mini'1 be taken up with a view
to their indefinite postponement. If there is any
objection to the mdelitiUe postponement of any
of llieni, of course the motion will be withdrawn.
I aslc tliat the first special order, " the motion of
Mr. Johnson to refer the motion of Mr. VV elleu
to print ten thousand additional copies of tiie
. President's message in relation to the affairs of !
Kansas to the Committee on Printing," be taken
up with a view to its indefinite postponement.
Tlie motion was agreed to; and it was post-
poned indefinitely.
Mr. ADAMS, tit the request of Mr. Yulee,
yielded the floor to that Senator.
MAIL BETWEEN BAINBIUDGE AND APPA-
LACHICOLA.
Mr. YULEE. The bill (S, No. 387) reported
from the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Eoads, was postponed a week or ten days ago in
consequence of my absence. It came up in its
regular order, and was postponed because I was
not present. I ask the Senate to do me the favor
to take it_ up now. I have a substitute prepared
for the bill which will satisfy all the objections
which were made when it was formerly under
consideration.
Mr. IVERSON. There was a special order
made lor half past twelve o'clock to-day, and it
is now within live minutes of that time. I allude
to the bill establishing a naval depot at Bruns-
wick. It has been pushed out of its place four
or five times, and 1 protest against taking up the
bill^novvd by the Senator from Florida. I have
no objection to its being considered until the time
nri-ivi s for the consideration of the special order.
Beyond that I camiot consent, because, if it is
going to push aside the Brunswick bill again, as
has been done three or four times, I trust the
Senate will not indulge the gentleman m any such
motion.
Mr. YULEE. I do not think this bill will lead
to any such discussion. If it should, I shall have
no objection whatever to accommodate the Senator
from Georgia. It is a matter in which his con-
stituents are as much interested as my own. It
relates to the mail conveyance between Bain-
feridge, Georgia, and Appalachicola, Florida. I
hope theve will be no objection to taking up the
bill.
Mr.JVERSON. I have no objection to let
the bill be taken up if not more than five minutes
be expended on it; but at half past twelve o'clock
I shall call for the special order.
* The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 387) providing for the
regular transmission of the mail on route 6842.
Mr. YULEE. I propose to offer a substitute
for the bill.
Mr. STUART. As the Senator intends to
offer a substitute for that bill, I move to postpone
its further consideration until to-morrow, with a
view to have the substitute printed, so that we
can understand what we are passing.
Mr. YULEE. I will state to the Senate pre-
cisely the nature of the substitute which I pro-
pose. By the bill reported by the committee a
sum was peremptorily fixed for the compensation
of the mail contractor. It was objected that the
Postmaster General should be allowed a discre-
tion. The object of this amendment is to leave
it to the discretion of the Postmaster General in
view of the necessities of the public service.
Mr. STUART. I have no reason to suppose
but that this substitute may be all right; but if
we have it printed and have it before us, so that
we can see what it is, everybody can understand
it. It must be obvious to the Senator, that if we
take up such a proposition as this now, in the
morning hour, and in the confusion that exists
here, it cannot be understood by the Senate. I
at 'least want to know what the proposition is
before I vote for it; and if the substitute be printed
I shall try to ascertain its merits sufficiently before
I vote.
Mr. YULEE. At this late period of the ses-
sion the Senator knows the difficulty we have in
obtaining the consideration of measures of this
cliaraetcr. This is a small matter, local in its
nature, which has been acted on by the proper
committee. The amendment is introduced to
remove the only difficulty made at the last session
to the bill. 1 hope the Senator will reconsider
his objection.
Mr. STUART. Let the substitute be read.
The Secretiny read the amendment, which is
to strike out all after the enacting clause, and
insert:
That the Po«tmn«torfir>neral he, and lie is herpbj', author-
ized 10 allow to tJeorse Uueknam such sum, not exceeding
$2U,000 per annum, as he may deem just and reasonable,
and lequiMte to the maintenance of regular service lur
tMiispomiiK the mini for the balance of the term of his con-
tract for that serviee on route between Cambridge,
in Georgia, and AppHUietueohi, in Florida.
Mr. STUART. I shall be obliged to ask the
Senator what is the object of this legislation. It
seems to me to be very strange legislation. It
may be right, but I cannot understand it without
some further explanation; and I am not willing
to vote for it without understanding it. I do not
wish to interfere with the Senator's desires, but
if lie can give me an explanation, I should be
glad to hear it.
Mr. YULEE. I can explain it in a very few
words. The explanation was made at the last
session, and then understood. I presume the
Senator does not recollect it. The only supply to
Appalachicola by mail, which is the third largest
cotton exporting city on the Gulf, is by water
service from Bainbridge, in Georgia. The con-
tract was taken by a very low bidder, who proved
unable to perform the service, and entirely failed
in the very midst of the cotton season. The citi-
zens of Appalachicola purchased the boats and
continued the mail service, it being impossible,
without great loss to the public and the general
commercial interests, that they should wait two
or three months until an advertisement could be
issued and proposals received.
They exhibited to the committee,and the report
will be found to contain it, a statement that they
were running at a loss of over twenty thousand
dollars a year. The committee concluded—and I
believe it has the approbation of the Postmaster
General, for so my colleague in the House of
Representatives informs me—to divide with them
the loss for continuing the service, it being im-
portant and indispensable that it should be"con-
tinued, The rate now proposed to be allowed is
less than the usual rate of steamboat service in
the same region of country. The sum proposed
to be paid by this bill is less than the amount
paid for similar service anywhere in the south-
ern States.
The only objection made at the last session,
when the bill was before the Senate was, that
it imposed on the Postmaster General peremp-
torily the duty of making this new arrangement.
The amendment now proposed leaves it discre-
tionary with the Postmaster General, limiting it
within a certain sum. That, is the explanation
of the bill. I hope it will be satisfactory to the
gentleman. This bill is indispensably necessary
to the continuance and maintenance of the ser-
vice.
I have a note from my colleague in the other
House, in which he says that the Postmaster
General declined to give a recommendation on
the ground that it would be a departure from the
uniform rule on which he had acted; but he ad-
mitted that the increase was desirable to insure
the regularity of the mails, and said that Con-
gress should judge for itself of the propriety/pf
granting the increase. It is proposed by the
amendment to leave it discretionary with the
Postmaster General to do what the public ser-
vice may require.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must call for the consideration of the special
order, if the discussion is to go on.
^ Mr. YULEE. I do not know that any further
discussion is contemplated. The Senator from
Virginia was about to make an inquiry of me.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it proposed to give the
old contractors this additional compensation?
Mr. YULEE. If the Postmaster General con-
siders it best for the public service; that is dis-
cretionary. If not, he will discontinue the service,
and readvertise for proposals.
Mr. HUNTER. Is the compensation pro-
posed for past or future time?
Mr. YULEE. The bill is prospective, of course.
Mr. HUNTER. Letit be read again.
Mr. YULEE. It is for the residue of the term
of the contract.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour of
half past twelve o'clock having arrived, the Chair
must call for the consideration of the special
order.
Mr. IVERSON. As this bill to some extent
affects a portion of my constituents, I move to
postpone it till half past twelve o'clock to-mor-
row.
Mr. HUNTER. If it be made the spccial
order from half past twelve o'clock till one, I
shall have no objection to that; but if the purpose
is to make it the special order at half past twelve
o'clock to override an appropriation bill during
the day, I must object.
The motion was agreed to; and the further con-
sideration of the bill was postponed to, and made
the special order for, half past twelve o'clock to-
morrow; and the substitute was ordered to be
printed.
SPECIAL ORDERS.
Mr. ADAMS. I will ask the consent of the.
Senator from Georgia, and the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate, to dispose of the residue of
the special orders, to the indefinite postponement
of which there is no objection.
Mr. IVERSON. We can do that to-morrow
morning.
MERCHANTS AND MANUFACTURERS' BANK.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order for half past twelve o'clock is the bill (H.
R. No. 301) in relation to a naval depot at
Brunswick; but the unfinished business at the
time of the last adjournment was a bill to incor-
porate the Merchants and Manufacturers' Bank
of Washington, in the District of Columbia; and
as the Chair construes the rule, this is the first
special order.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone that bill
until Friday next.
Mr. WADE. Friday is assigned for the con-
sideration of private bills.
Mr. HUNTER. This is a District bill. On
Friday it can be postponed again if necessary.
I only want to get it out of the way.
Mr. WADE. We have already passed over
one Friday which was assigned for private bill
day.
