1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
467
great commercial emporiums of the South; and
from Charleston and Savannah you will be able
to draw the necessary supplies of labor and ma-
terial for repairs at all times, which you cannot
do at any other point.
The fourth view is " Salubrity at every season
of the year." Captain Ingraham supplies inform-
ation on that point.
The next question is " Ample supply of fresh
water." Who knows that there is freshwater
to be got at Brunswick? Is there fresh water?
There is said to be some; but how is it obtained ?
By wells. Who will depend on wells for the
quick and prompt supply foV fresh water for
naval ships? There are 110 running streams—
there is 110 fresh water river making into that
bay. It is all salt, and you must rely on wells
for the supply of fresh water; while at the other
port there are two rivers which have fresh water,
and upon which fresh water can be reached.
The next point is " Facility for wharfing and
docking." If Senators will look at the survey
of Broad river, they will find that there is not a
point in the United States, probably or possibly,
where facility for wharfing and docking can be
so great as there.
The result of my consideration is this: In
respect to the outer bar, while Beaufort is a ship-
of-the-line harbor, the other is only a sloop-of-
-war harbor, if you take the high water gauge; and
if you take the low water, wiiile one is a sloop-
of-war harbor, the other is no naval harbor at all.
In the next place, they are equal in point of
health. Then Port Royal is superior in point of
facilities for supplies in connection with the inte-
rior. In the fourth place, there is more likeli-
hood of the protection of the United Slates against
being charged an excessive price. If for no other
reason, this bill should bo recommitted to the
committee, for the purpose of guarding its pro-
visions against a possible overcharge for the site.
It proposes peremptorily to establish a navy-yard
at Blythe Island, where the United States do not
own an acre of ground, and where the Secretary
of the Navy must, in execution of the peremp-
tory mandate of Congress, be at the mercy of the
owners at the only point 011 that island suited for
a navy-yard, which is the extreme north point.
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Iversou]
replied to this objection, when started the other
day, that this bill is an exact parallel of the
phraseology used in the establishment of the
Pensacola navy-yard; and that he supposed to be
a sutficientanswer. It wouldbe asufficientanswer,
if the facts were the same; but the facts are totally
different. In that case the United States owned
the site. It was on the public land. They had
no purchase to make of private land. There
was, therefore, nothing to guard, and Congress
only had to make an appropriation for the work.
Here, however, you have land to buy—you own
none. I contend that, inasmuch as the United
States own upon the coast of Georgia, and in
the vicinity of this point, eleven hundred acres of
land purchased for naval purposes, where there is
a foot deeper water than at this point; and inas-
much as there isatalocation intermediate between
the capes of the Chesapeake and the capes of
Florida, and intermediate between the great com-
mercial emporiums of the South, Charleston and
Savannah, with communication from both, a loca-
tion superior in every respect to the other, it at
least is advisable to look into the matter.
I shall give my vote to concur in the recom-
mendation of the Naval Committee to recommit
this bill in order that they may fake up the whole
subject, and upon full consideration recommend to
the Senate the course that may be proper in their
judgment. When that report is made—as 1 doubt
not it will be made promptly; we have no reason
to suppose otherwise—I shall be prepared to vote
for the appropriation at whatever point the com-
mittee agree to be the best. If the Senator from
Georgia fears the examination of that committee,
he certainly cannotsuppose that the Senate, with-
out its aid, will be inclined to come to a conclu-
sion which Senators do not believe the facts will
justify the committee in forming on examination.
1 do not think this matter should be treated with
reference to local interests. Nothing is more nat-
ural than that the Senators from Georgia should
be stimulated by the instructions.of their State,
and the sympathies which they have for locali-
ties and interests in their own State, to exertion
here; but they stand differently from other Sen-'
ators of the South.
Here I will notice a complaint made by the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Iverson,] that we
were warring on the interests of Georgia. We
are not warring 011 any interest of Georgia, but
we are, as a State of the South, endeavoring to
secure the best application of the public money
to the general defense, with reference not only to
the interest of the section hi which we reside, but
to the interests of the whole. It is impossible
that I can concur in any appropriation, because
the locality for which it is asked is Georgia, when
I believe there are other locations in the South
where the general purposes of the appropriation
will be better effected.
I hope, sir, that the bill will be recommitted;
that the committee will at an early day report
back to the Senate the result of their deliberations;
and that the Senate will—as I have no doubt they
will—then take up the subject and vote promptly
011 the final resolution of the committee.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, I take the
floor for the purpose of suggesting two points of
consideration which have nut yet been alluded to.
Senators who have spoken on the bill now before
the Senate seem to take it for granted that a naval
depot is necessary on the southern Atlantic coast;
and it is a contest between them as to its particular
locality. This bill provides " that the President
of the United States be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to purchase a site for a naval depot 011 Blythe
Island, on the coast of Georgia, and to erect such
buildings and make such improvements as may
be necessary for the repair of United States ves-
sels of war, and afford refuge therefor, and that
the sum of $900,000 be appropriated for effecting
this object out of any moneys 111 the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated." The two points to which
I wish to call the attention of the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia, [Mr.Toombs,] whoisaboutto
take the lloor, arc these: first, is it necessary, in
view of our naval establishment, to have another
naval depot or navy-yard anywhere? and second,
if such navy-yard or navy depot is necessary,
should we not leave its location as a question of
administration to the Navy Department? We
only build upon an average one or two vessels
of war a year; we only repair four or five vessels
in a year; and we have eight navy-yards. Great
Britain has twenty times the navy we have in
consequence of her colonial possessions: such an
establishment is rendered neccssary by her ex-
tended empire and colonial possessions. We
have no colonies to defend. We have an extended
coast, to be sure, but we cannot defend it by Navy
depots in the southern or northern AtlanticStates.
Is it necessary anywhere? The fact must be
admitted, that our naval establishment is a small
one; but it is large enough. We can build more
vessels of war than we want at any of our navy-
yards—at Norfolk, at Boston, or at New York.
It seems to me, that unless it can be shown that
another naval depot is absolutely necessary, we
should not enter upon this new project. Two
hundred thousand dollars is asked for, and I sup-
pose the passage of this bill will involve the
necessity of expending from two to seven mil-
lions of money. Wo should, therefore, enter upon
this project with caution. But if we are to have
it, it seems to me, that when we have a Secre-
tary of the Navy, and naval engineers and naval
architects, whose business it is to attend to such
details, we should leave the question of location
to them as one of administration. I do not wish
to argue these points at length; I simply suggest
them to the consideration of the Senator who is
about to take the floor to discuss the question
fully.
Mr. TOOMBS. Having presented to the Sen-
ate, when this bill was before under considera-
tion, the only points of the case which, in my
judgment, were likely to influence the minds of
Senators upon it, I should not again occupy the
time of the Senate, but for the very pointed re-
marks of the Senator from Florida, and the pre-
texts with which he has assailed this projet.
The Senator alluded to the resolution calling
for the information which was sent to us from the
Department on this subject. Though the report
of the Department gave a comparison of all the
ports between the Chesapeake and Pensacola, he
says the resolution did not call for that. His
complaint is, I suppose, that we got more than
was asked for; but it was not more than we re-
quired. This, I think, is a sufficient answer to
that objection. We got all that was in the Navy
Department, and that was what I intended to get
by my resolution. The resolution embraced no
point except Brunswick; but as the Senator well
knew, I called on the Secretary of the Navy and
requested him to send all lie knew on the subject.
I suppose the Senator thought that, if he could
net make a point, he would, as the lawyers say
in our country, make a pointee.
I submitted to the Senate but two considera-
tions on this question, neither of which has been
assailed except in the Senator's comparison be-
tween Brunswick and Port Royal. These two
considerations were the verv ones to which my
attention has just been called by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brodhead.] I waived the
question whether we had sufficient navy-yards
of construction in the United States now; but I
insisted, and I thought I showed—and in that I
had the concurrence of the proper department of
the Government—that whatever may be the diffi-
culty of having too many, that difficulty does
not apply to the coast between the capes of Vir-
ginia and Pensacola, an extent of two thousand
miles; for 011 that coast we have none atoll. The
Secretary of the Navy said we needed one. Be-
cause you may have some too near together on
the coast of New England, Pennsylvania and
New York} won constat that you do not need any
between the capes of Virginia and Pensacola.
Assuming it to be the fact that those two thousand
miles of coast did need a place of refuge for the
repair of ships, and for a most obvious reason, I
next proceeded to show that Brunswick is a
proper place. The comparison which the gentle-
man takes grows out of a want of examination
into all the facts. For the same reason the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs [Mr.
Mam.ory] said the other day that England, for
her vast Navy, had but seven navy-yards.
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not know that the Sen-
ator used that exact language, but I inferred that
from his statement, and I supposed it left that
impression on the mind of the Senate.
Mr. MALLORY. I said particularly that she
had but seven in Groat Britain.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator did not go fur.
tlier, and say that she had twenty or thirty in
various parts of the world.
Mr.,MALLORY. As a matter of course, she
has them all over the world.
Mr. TOOMBS. That " matter of course" the
Senator did not state.
Mr. MALLORY. I expressly icstricted the
remark which I made to her yards in Great
Britain.
Mr. TOOMBS. I admit that, but the Senator
failed to state that she had other yards; and the
impression made on my mind, and on that of the
Senate, I suppose, was, that she had but seven
navy-yards. Taking the area of England proper,
it is not larger than the State of Georgia; and if
she has seven navy-yards there, she has them
much closer together than ours arc. Seven is a
large number for the British Islands. Having
turned my attention to the subject, I learn that
she has twenty-seven more. She has several on
this continent; she has them all over the world.
She is a wise nation, and having use for a navy,
she knows that in case of a naval war off our
coast, it would not do to compel her ships to go
across the Atlantic ocean to find a place to rent.
England commits 110 such folly. If a vessel
requires repairs at any port of the British coast,
she need not go three hundred miles to find a
proper place. Here, on the southern coast, we
have two thousand miles between two of our
navy-yards. There is hardly a point 011 the
English coast proper for such an establishment
where England has not got one. She has them-
at some places where there is actually 110 water
except at high tide. The tide rises so high in
some places as to reach thirty or forty feet, and
she has some yards at points where there is no
water for ships except the rise of the tide.
Everybody knows the importance of a point
1 at which your vessels can be refitted on the south-
: ern coast. In time of war, if you had a squadron
• there, it would be absolutely indispensable. If
' you need six navy-yards between Maine and the
1 capeg of Virginia, you most assuredly need one
