1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
or not. Brunswick is growing up into an im-
portant commercial town. In a few years it will
contain a large population and have an extensive
trade; and the interests of Brunswick and the
protection of the trade and commerce of that
place will demand of you to establish fortifications
for its defense, whether you have a naval depot
there or not. The commercial improvement of
the place will require this expenditure, and you
will not be adding one cent to that necessity by
the establishment of a depot at Brunswick.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Allow me to say
to the Senator from Georgia, that 1 took no ex-
ception to Brunswick on the ground that two or
three millions of dollars would bo required to
defend it. On the contrary, I said that I would
vote for that sum cheerfully.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 am happy to be corrected
by the Senator from Tennessee.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I cannot conceive
how I should have been misunderstood on that
point.
Mr. IVERSON. Perhaps I did not hear the
Senator from Tennessee correctly. That at any
rate was the argument of the Senator from Flor-
ida. Brunswick has a plentiful supply of fresh
water and everything necessary for a naval depot,
and is undoubtedly and unequivocally a healthy
situation. Can that be said of Port Royal ?
Mr. BUTLER. People go from all over the
country to that point for health.
Mr. IVERSON. Well, sir, if that bo so, its
reputation is greatly slandered abroad, for I am
informed that any man living in the back country
in Carolina would consider himself doomed to cer-
tain death if he was compelled to spend a summer
on Port Royal Island. No, sir, there is no health
in Port Royal; and Brunswick is a healthy place.
It has never been visited with an epidemic, and it
has a population sufficient to test that. During the
fatal epidemic which prevailed in 1854 upon the
coast of Georgia and Florida, people went from
the adjoining towns—fromDarien and St. Mary's,
to Brunswick as a place of refuge; and there
they were safe from the epidemic. It has no
marshes; it has no fresh water emptying into it; no
alluvial deposits, no local cause for sickness. It
has all these advantages, and then it has the
advantage of interior communication with the
upper part of Georgia, Alabama, and Tennessee.
With her river, and her canal, and her railroads
now in process of construction, she will have
easy access to all the interior of Georgia, Ala-
bama, and Mississippi, as well as Florida and
Tennessee; and thus she can have abundant sup-
plies sent to her at any moment, not only for the
equipment of a fleet in she way of provisions, but
men and munitions of war, and other things
necessary in case of difficulty and danger when
that port may be attacked by a foreign enemy.
She has all these advantages, and then she has
also the advantage which Senators opposed to
this bill have vaunted so much about other
places—an internal water communication. It is
not pretended that Port Royal can ever have an
interior land communication, because back of her
is nothing but a continuous sea of swamps over
which no railroad can be constructed; and the
only communication she can have with the in-
terior is by the way of Charleston on the one
side and Savannah on the other. So has Bruns-
wick internal communication inside of the islands
running up the coastto Savannah and Charleston,
as well as down to St. Mary's and Jacksonville
in Florida. Port Royal has no advantage over
Brunswick in this respect.
Brunswick has one overwhelming advantage
against Port Royal or any other place, and that
is, that she is in this bill. This bill establishes a
depot at Biunswick.. It has passed the House
of Representatives. It requires only the sanction
of this body to become a law. Therefore, if we
vote for this bill, we can get a naval depot in the
southern Atlantic States. If you substitute Port
Royal or any other place for Brunswick, I ven-
ture to say the bill would bo lost; you will not
get fifty votes for it in the House of Representa-
tives. Wo such bill can pass that House; at this
session at least. No amendment of this bill will
succeed in the House of Representatives. The
selection of any other place will be a defeat
of the object we have in view. Then, as this
bill contains Brunswick, and has received the
sanction of the House of Representatives, and
requires only our approbation to become a law,
this is an invaluable advantage which Brunswick
lias over every other place.
Then I call on Senators who are in favor of
establishing a naval depot on the southern At-
lantic coast, to vote for this bill, because by taking
it we can attain our object, and by refusing to
take it we must fail to obtain what we all con-
sider important and necessary—a naval depot
upon the southern Atlantic coast.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, my feelings
admonish me that I should not speak after the
remarks made by the gentleman from Georgia,
for really I have forborne from a sincere regard
to conciliate,as far as I could, interests that must
be in common at the South; but I think the gen-
tleman 's remarks were uncalled for. He has un-
dertaken to characterize the degeneracy of Beau-
fort, Port Royal, and to speak of it as a place of
sickness. I have heard objections to metaphors
on the ground that they wanted similitude; but
if I may bo permitted to pronounce a criticism
oil the gentleman's similes, I think they are a
medley of discordant materials and ingredients
which have found their way into no book of
rhetoric that I over read.
When the Senator speaks of rice swamps up
and down the Savannah river, ho is right. It is
the richest portion of South Carolina, and I be-
lieve the richest portion of tlier United States.
The peninsula I could mark out with my finger
on the map; but these islands of which we are
speaking, Saint Helena and Hilton Head, are
sea islands, with the fresh air of the sea blowing
on them. It is notorious that they are resorted
to for health.
Does the gentleman know that the very coun-
try which he has characterized for its degeneracy
and want of spirit and character was stained by
the first blood of the Revolution? Sir, the coun-
try from Savannah to Charleston has been moist-
ened with the blood of men from this very region
who have won a reputation in history.
Mr. IVERSON. That is a long time as;o.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 know there are those who
think anything that happened n long time ago
is not worth their attention. The Senator says
people have gone from the neighborhood of Port
Royal to his region of country, from time immemo-
rial, for health. He contradicts himself. They
live there, and yet go up to his country to get
health ! They never die whilst they live at Port
Royal, and he has seen them up in his country
looking for health. [Laughter.] Allow me to tell
him, that when his people want wives they come
down there to find them. I could give instances;
and I believe alliances of that kind have turned
out well. I recognize in my friend from Georgia
on the other side, [Mr. Toombs,] som'ething like
an alliance with South Carolina, and 1 hope he
will not repudiate that at any rate.
When the British retreated from Charleston
and Stono; when Savannah, in the Senator's own
State, was taken by Mad Campbell; when Howe
retreated on the 26th of December, 1778, he was
met by the gallant Laurens. He made a trial of
his skill, and is he to be spoke.n of as a degen-
erate man down in the swamps of South Caro-
lina ? Before he would reconimond even Moultrie
to make a contest at Toosahatchie, he exposed
his own person with his men.
Does the gentleman know that the Pira;us ill
Athens was the most remarkable for shipping?
If the.Senator does not know it, I will get him a
map. Since he is so critical on the subject of
geography, I will inform him that the Piraeus was
distinguished in some respects for the very objec-
tions which he has made to Port Royal, and they
were not considered as worthy of weight in
Athens. It was no objection to Greece that there
were swamps in the neighborhood.
I have not said one word against Brunswick,
except that it was an unexplored country, and to
some extent that is the case. I might ridicule it,
but I forbear. I have no taste, for that; though,
if I attempted to do it, I might do it with some
success.
I hope gentlemen will allow the vote to betaken.
Let the result be arrived at in peace. I do not
wish to aggravate this contest as between South
Carolina and Georgia. I shall survive all the
rivalry that has subsisted between those States,
if there be any. All I ask is, that the bill may
be recommitted, so that th? committee may report
all the facts connected with the case for the in-
telligent judgment of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall get a vote on
this subject. Wo have a special order now—the
Army bill. I have been waiting and desiring to
call it up, with the hope and expectation that we
should have a vote on this measure and dispose
of it. I believe this is the third day it has occu-
pied our attention; and I hope gentlemen, by
common consent, will now allow us to vote on it,
and decide the question.
Mr. MALLORY. I have something to say
before the vote is taken, and" I design to say it.
When I remarked the other day, Mr. President,
in the discussion on this question, that Great
Britain had seven navy-yards, I was particular in
specifying Great Britain, and to some extent I
named them—Woolwich, Deptfovd, Portsmouth,
and others. I know, of course, that Great Britain
has stretched her long arm throughout the earth,
and there is not, from theOronoco river, through
the Antilles, to the far distant Bermudas, a rock
on which a gun can be planted or a standard
reared, where she has not established herself;
but I have yet to know that there is any construct-
ing navy-yard for the immense navy of Great
Britain, out of her own dominions, where a single
shaft of an engine is cast or manufactured. On
the contrary, 1 believe, it will be ascertained by
investigation, that her immense navv is con-
structed at those seven yards alone, ana through-
out the earth she has merely coal depots'and
rendezvous for her ships at large.
There is much in the remares of the Senator
from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] with which I en-
tirely concur. It makes no difference whether
we have more numerous yards than the wants of
the service demand elsewhere, if we want a yard
between Pensacloa and the Chesapeake. I have
always thought we wanted such a yard, and I
have so maintained uniformly. At the same time,
1 admit that some of our yards ought to be dis-
pensed with. The public, interest demands that
they should be dispensed with. When we view
the points where those yards have been situated,
and look at the circumstances attending their
establishment, it should caution us how we reck-
lessly provide for another yard without all the
necessary information before us. If we had pro-
ceeded with caution, should we ever have estab-
lished the yard at Memphis? It was a mere
political piece of trickery to obtain a few votes;
and after we had expended vast sums of money,
we found ourselves unable even to get rid of it by
a donation to the city of Memphis. Should we
ever have established the yard at Kittery, where
they have nine months winter and three months
cold weather for their mechanics to work?
Should we have ever established one at the city
of Philadelphia, where they have to excavate the
earth for almost every vessel that comes into it ?
Our yards have not been well chosen, and it is
because wc have proceeded without the proper
preliminary steps.
I have no objection to Brunswick. I will cheer-
fully vote for a naval rendezvous at Brunswick,
if you give me the information to satisfy me that
that is the most suitable point. I have no such
information. The discussion before the Senate
shows us that we are without information. The
very documents produced here are somewhat
discordant. Much reliance has been placed in the
report of the House committee on investigation
of the commission of naval captains twenty
years ago. Those naval captains were engaged
oil their survey about three months, and they
extended to every port between the Chesapeake
and the Dry Tortugas. What reliance can be
placed on that survey ? Is it not a notorious fact
that they reported only seventeen feet of water
over Poit Royal bar, when a new channel, three
fourths of a mile wide, lias just been developed
with twenty feet of water ? Here is the report of
the Coast Survey—there is no t^nying it:
" During the progress of tile Hydrography of 'Martins'
Industry,' a channel unknown to the pilots, and unnoticed
l y the last authority, was developed, and, I tinnk, may
fiiirly be claimed its a discovery by the Coa^t Survey. The
most authentic and recent chart of this locality was made
a few years ago by Captain liythwood. of Beaufort, South
Carolina; he gives no indication of the channel referred
to, nor is there mention made of it in any of the coast
pilots. This channel lies between 'Martin's Industry'
shoal and the southeast breakers. The old east channel is
two miles to Uic north of it, and (lie mam or south clian« l
twe and three fourths miles fo the routh and westward.
