THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
-TJirou-lrtlie 'southeast'or Coast Survey channel there is
adopth of twenty feet, at mean Jow water, with an aveiage
widtl) of three toarths ofa mile."
When an examination was made by the naval
captains, this channel was not known. They
gave the best information at that time, which was
that there was a depth of seventeen feet of water.
Now that the channel is marked out, we have
twenty feet of water at low tide. In the same
•report we find, from tidal observations made
throughout the entire work, that the moan rise
and fall of the tide is seven feet, the spring tide
nine foot, and the neap tide five feet. According
to this very showing, therefore, Port Royal has
at the mean rise of the tide twenty-seven feet of
water. This is the showing of the Coast Sur-
vey-
Mr. TOOMBS. Where to? How high can
you carry that depth ? That has been the point.
Everybody admits the fact of there being deep
enough water at Port Royal. It was mentioned
on the first, day of the discussion; but where do
you carry that height of water? How far up do
you carry it ? That is the point of the case .
Mr. MALLORY. In answer to that I will re-
fer to the authority quoted by the gentleman him-
self. The naval officers who made the survey of
1830, speaking of Port Royal Sound, say:
" It is sufficiently deep ami capacious to accommodate
the I.ugt -1 fleets , but, like all Tlit: pons -oulli ot [he Olles-
lipcntce, J.iborstl infer the disadvantage off laving a bai placed
at its entrance,"
The water on that bar they put down at seven-
teen feet. It turns out to be twenty feet at low
water, and the sound is capacious enough for the
fleets of the world.
Mr. TOOMBS. As to the bar, there has never
been a dispute or conflict. It has boon admitted,
from the beginning to the end, that there is water
enough there; but'the question is, can you carry
it up'to Beaufort, being the only plane where it is
there proposed to have a navy-yard? There is
no more than thirteen fret water at that point,
and no now channel has been discovered around
those thirteen feet.
Mr. BUTLKR. 1 hope the j;enilenian from
Georgia will not require me to make a declaration
on that point more than once. Here are the
soundings, showing not only out1, but (our points
—tile option of four points, not confined to one
island—where there are thirty feet right at the
bluff.
Air. MALLORY. I hear now, for the first
time, a proposition to establish a navy-yard at
Beaufort.
Mr. BUTLER, f never heard of it before.
Mr. MALLORY. I never supposed that we
could have a navy-yard at Beaufort. A man
must have a very faint idea of the requirements
of a navy-yard to think so. I say there is ti bay
at Port Royal sufficiently capacious for the fleets
of the world, and the entrance into that bay is
twenty feet deep, rising, at high water, to twenty-
seven feet. That is not only enough for sloops-
of-war or frigates, but large enough for every
lino-of-batllc slop we have m the service. It is
as good a harbor as is required for any ship.
The Coast Survey officers may have made a
mistake; I do not say they are infallible. All I
ask is, that we may have nil opportunity for
examination.
I have made the motion to recommit the bill,
not because I «m opposed to Ihmiswick, or any
particular spot. 1 wish, at this day, twenty
years dfler these mistakes were made, to oigan-
17.0 a commission, if you please designate the
rank of the ollicers, or at all events call on the
liwutiie Department to lay before us authentic
infm illation on which we can act; and then, 1
presume, tin re will be no difficulty in selecting a
proper spot.
The Senator fiom Georgia [Mr. Ivunso.vj
obsnrvrd, that if we did not get this bill we
should get no navy-yard. If gentlemen are will-
ing to establish a navy-yaid at the South, on the
ground that it is required for national purposes,
why will ihey not vote for it at some other point
as well as at Brunswick ?
Mr. IVERSON. Allow me to explain. I did
not mean to say we should never get a navy-
yard; but I meant to say we should not gel one
at this session unless we passed tins bill, because
an amendatory bill will be lost in the House of
Representatives.
Mr. MALLORY. My proposition is not to
get it through at this session, but to organize a
commission that can give us results on which we
can act definitely; and, take my word for it,
when Congress shall bo advised where this yard
ought to be, those gentlemen who are now espous-
ing Brunswick will cheerfully vote for the best
site, whether in Georgia or in any other State of
the Union. I have no local preference whatever;
I am willing to vote for Georgia to-morrow; but,
as the chairman of the Naval Committee, having
seen millions of dollars wasted in the establish-
ment of yards, I will not consent to establish one
blindly when there are points staring us in the
face that we ought to investigate.
There is a proposition in the bill before the
Senate to establish this yard at Blythe Island. ,
That is another objection to me. Why are we
chained down to one particular spot? Why
should we take Blythe Island ? We have no map
from the Coast Survey office which tells us the
extent of Blythe Island. The commissioners
refer to Blythe Island as containing some hundred
acres. It may contain several thousands. The
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Ivep.son,] I believe,
is under the impression that it contains four thou-
sand acres. We have no map before us from the
Coast Survey, and we do not know whether
another position, eminently better and more ap-
proachable than Blythe Island, may not be found
exactly in that vicinity. At all events, it will
strip the opportunity from those who possess
Blythe Island, to place a price on it at their own
option. I would not hesitate as to the price.
After we have selected the spot the price is
nothing. Of course, millions of dollars will be
required for fortifying a navy-yard; I would not
regard that as an objection. The necessity of
fortifying it as a matter of course will exist;
and place the navy-yard where we may on the
southern coast, it must be fortified.
A sloop-ol'-war, as wo all know, draws seven-
teen and a half feet of water; a frigate draws
twenty-three and a half foot; a hne-of-battle ship
draws from twenty-five to twenty-six and a half
feet. These are the draughts of the heaviest ships
that are now known. Any one of them may
enter Port Royal, according to the information
now before us. h'or what purpose do you estab-
lish a Coast Survey office, unless you rely on it?
When they send you this information, why do
you establish a yard where confessedly a hne-of-
batUo ship cannot ('liter?
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] says
frigates only are used in defense of our commerce.
I admit that frigat; s would generally be used in
that way; but is that a reason why we should
discard this advantage ? The very commission to
which allusion has been made placed their ground
of selection on the depth of water and access as
the fust point. They say particularly, " depth
of water, and ease of access, being objects of the
first consideration;" and because they did not
find a depth of water sufficient at Port Royal,
they decided against it. We have shown that
they were mistaken. Why cast aside this inform-
ation ?
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Iveuson] has
spoken of the health of this region. He cannot
discredit his own witness. The very commission
to which he has appealed say, in their report:
The ali-cncc of a fresh water liver and mai'.shesseems
to las-are a-- eieat a degree of health a* in any of the south-
cm haibui*."
That is stated in the document which the Sen-
ator has read—his own witness—and wo are not
to be told that the want of health is an objection.
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Iverson] says
. if the bill shall be referred again to the committee,
j it is their design to make it sleep the sleep of
' death—in other words, to kill it. I hope it will
sleep the sleep of death, if the yard ought not to
! be established theie, never to be resurrected. If
the House of Representatives has passed a bill
without due information, or against the interests
of the country, I will, so far as my efforts are
concerned, See that it does sleep the sleep of
! death. 1 have no preference for Beaufort, or any
j other port, but I want the yard established where
| the interests of the country, according to the in-
; formation before us, demand that it should be
I established. My objectis not to kill the bill—itis
' that we may carry it through with all the proper
information; but if you pass this bid now, you
pass it in the face of information which would
decide the location differently.
The Senator from New York [Mr. Seward]
considers it very remarkable that the bill should
now be sought to be referred, after the committee
have once reported upon it. I know the Senator
from New York is not familiar with the manner
in which the bill came here. It came from the
House of Representatives at the last moment of
the session. I sought to get the committee to-
gether. They were otherwise engaged on public
business, and could not meet. A pressure was
brought to bear, and a majority agreed that we
should report the bill; but 1 know that some of
those very Senators reserved to themselves the
privilege of voting against it. They were will-
ing that the sense of the Senate should be taken
on the bill, but they did not stand committed to
its support because it was reported^ It was re-
ported because we could not meet in the com-
mittee room, in order to take the sense of the
committee upon it; but it was not the deliberate
judgment of the committee that the bill as pre-
sented was right, or ought to be passed.
Mr. RUSK. I have but a few words to say.
I think the argument is pretty well exhausted. 1
have listened to it, and have examined the papers
that came here, and I am satisfied of two or three
things. In the first place, there ought to be a
naval depot on the southern coastof this country;
and, in the second place, Brunswick presents a
suitable place for such a depot. The House of
Representatives have passed a bill establishing
one there; it was reported by the Committee on
Naval Affairs last year; and it is now sought to
recommit it to that committee, which is very
unusual. On that motion we have had a three
days' debate. The committee can do no more
than get the very facts that have been before us,
and have been read on both sides, perhaps half a
dozen times. I have no reason to believe that
the Committee on Naval Affairs desire a refer-
ence of this bill for the purpose of killing it, and
I make no such insinuation or charge; but this
much I do say, that, in all probability, if it goes
to the Naval Committee, strongly opposed to this
measure as they seem to be, it will there be de-
tained long enough to defeat the action of the
Senate at the present session. Under these cir-
cumstances, I shall vote against the reference to
the committee.
I regret to see this controversy growing up
between southern men in regard to an improve-
ment at the South that is very much needed. We
have a long line of unpiotected coast. I have
heard it very frequently said that all these pro-
tections were thrown North, and none of them
South. Here is the first proposition for the
defense of that section in this way. The State
of Georgia has been asking for this defense for a
long time. It has taken the necessary means to
procure the information on which Congress could
act; and here a controversy arises, not in refer-
ence to passing any appropriation of this charac-
ter, but a controversy between two places at the
South. 1 have no hostility whatever to Port
Royal. There are other places where navy-yards
are put nearly as close together as Port Royai
and Brunswick are. There are other places on
the southern coast where navy-yards ought to be
established; and whenever a case comes as this
does before me, where there is a necessity for an
improvement of this description, and where the
place named is a suitable one, I shall vote for it.
I shall vote against the reference of this bill to
the committee.
Mr. BROWN. I have no intention to interfere
in this controversy between Port Royal and Bruns-
wick. It is a very pretty little fight as it stands.
It would be cruel to mar it in any way. If the
interest m it could be kept up, 1 do not think I
should vote on either side; but as that must flag
after a while, I am prepared to vote. I rise now to
out in a caveat in favor of a point in my own State,
which, after having listened to th arguments fro
and con. in favor of Port Royal, Brunswick, and
Beaufort, I see, at a glance, has advantages over
all of them. It has greater depth of water, is
entirely free from all swamps, lias the greatest
abundance of fresh water—enough to supply the
navies of the whole world, and then is sur-
rounded by the best navy-building timber, I un-
dertake to say, that there is on this continent.
As evidence of it, the French Government within
