474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
ination. I hope that the amendment which I have
suggested will be considered as a substitute. If
it suits the Senator from North Carolina, I hope
he will adopt it in lieu of his own.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to the amendment of
the Senator from North Carolina, because it
merely provides for what has been done. "We
have had a commission, and have had their re-
port. I object to the proposition of the Senator
from Florida; and if it comes before us I shall
move to strike out Georgia, because it is a ques-
tion with which neither South Carolina nor Geor-
gia has any more to do than the other States. It
is a question relating to the public defense.
Georgia has no personal interest in it. She de-
sires no part in it; she will take none in it on that
ground. I advocate this bill because ofits national
importance. The Senator from Florida says
his proposition will certainly start a navy-yard.
I do not think that even amounts to a violent
probability. By his proposition we defeat Bruns-
wick, and that is the only certain thing about it.
That is, I presume, the only certain thing in-
tended by it.
Mr. BIGGS. I can assure the Senator from
Georgia that it is not my purpose to defeat Bruns-
wick. I introduced the amendment for the pur-
pose of arriving at the best site which can be ob-
tained. If there is not to be another examination,
after what we have heard here, I shall certainly
vote for Brunswick; but when we are making so
large an expenditure, prospective in its charac-
ter—gentlemen speak of it as amounting to sev-
eral millions of dollars—I think we ought to act
with a great deal of care, particularly after the
controversy that has been made here between
gentlemen as to the proper location. For that
purpose I introduced this amendment. I ask for
the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 30; as follows:
YEAf>—-i\Iessrs. Bayard, iiiftzs, Bigler, lliodliead, Butler,
Clay, llodqc, Evans, Hunter, JVlalloiy,Mason, rugli, Rcid,
and Vuler—14.
NAVS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bell of Tennessee, Ben-
jamin, Blown, (.'ollamer, Crittenden, Fessenden, Fi.di,
Fit/patrn'lt, Foot, Foster, Geyor, Green, Haiti, Iloustm,
Jverson, James, Jones of Iowa, Nourse, I'earee, Pratt,
Ktr-.k, S:h;t^[(WK Seward, Toombs, Wade, VVeilei, Wilson,
and tVn lu—.'10.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not know what is the
parliamentary usage on the point to which I de-
sire to call attention; but I know that, as to pri-
vate bills we have the right to ask for the with-
drawal of the papers on which they are founded.
I do not wish to vote on this bill in its present
aspect, when the resolutions of South Carolina j
are not to be considered. I desire, if it is proper,
to move that they be returned to the delegation I
from that State. [
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That motion
is not now in order. It will be when the bill
shall have been disposed of.1
Mr. YULEE. Although not identical with
- the proposition that has been offered and voted
down, the amendment which I suggested is some-
what similar, and 1 will not put the Senate to the
trouble of voting on it, unless some of the gen-
tlemen who voted in the negative on the former
amendment would prefer this.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
PAY OF ARMY OFFICERS.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk,
announcing that they had passed a bill (H. 11.
No. to increase the pay of the officers of
the Army.
Mi. HUNTER. I move to take up the spe-
cial order, the Indian appropriation bill.
The JPRESI DENT pre tempore. The Chair
will inform the Senator from Virginia, that the
next special order after the bill which has just
been disposed of, is the bill (S. No. 491) to in-
crease the pay of the officers of the Army, and
for other purposes.
_ Mr. WELLER. The House of Representa-
tives have to-day passed a bill increasing the pay
of the officers of the Army. I ask that that bill
may now be taken up for the purpose of being re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs. I
shall not ask for the action of the Senate on the
bill which I reported until we shall have acted on
the House bill.
The bill (H. R. No. 782) to increase the pay
of the officers of the Army was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
FURNITURE FOR UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. GEYER. The bill (S. No. 131) author-
izing the Secretary of the Interior to approve the
accounts of the marshal for the district of Mis-
souri for furniture provided for the use of the
district court of the United States for said dis-
trict, at the April term of said court, held at St.
Louis, in the year 1854, has been returned from
the House of Representatives with an amend-
ment, which I ask may be taken up and concurred
in.
The amendment of the House of Representa-
tives was to add the following as an additional
section:
Src. 2. Jhid be it further cnactcd, That the Secretary of
the Interior he directed to pay to the marshal for the district
of Indiana the account of Messrs. Weaver & Williams for
furniture purchased for the use of the clerk's otfice of the
district court for till' district of Indiana, not exceeding the
sum of $138: Fiovidcd, That in each case proper vouchers
be presented
and to add to the title of the bill:
And for tile allowance and payment to the marshal of the
district of Indiana for the account of furniture for the office
of the clerk of the district court for the district oflndiana.
The amendment was concurred in.
CHARLOTTE TURNER.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 399) for the relief of Mrs. Charlotte
Turner, have instructed me to report it back, and
to ask that it be passed at once. It is merely to
correct an error in the numbering of a section of
land by a surveyor of the. United States, which
on a resurvey has been found erroneous.
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole, reported to the Senate without amend-
ment, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (II. R. No. 614)
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30, 1858.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to add to the appropriation for pay
of superintendents and agents the following pro-
viso:
ProMed, That at the discretion of the President all dis-
bursements of moneys, wliethei for annuities oi otherwise,
to fulfill treaty stipulations With individual Indian* or In-
dian tribes, now or hereafter to he appropuated for such
objects, [-hall be made m person by the superintendents of
Indian allaus, to all Indians oi tribes within the hums of
their respective Mipenntendeneies, in the presence of the
local apents and inteipieteis, who shall witness the same
lindorsuch regulations as the Secretary of the Interior may
direct.
Mr. HUNTER. The object of this amend-
ment is to secure greater certainty in the disburse-
ment of the moneys appropriated for the Indian
service. It is'suggested to me that the amend-
ment explains itself. Then I shall say nothing
more.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I understand the
object is to secure payment with greater certainty,
and I desire a word of explanation from the hon-
orable Senator. The local agents are presumed
to bo, and ought always to be, in the neighbor-
hood of the tribes for which they are agents.
When it is required that the superintendents of
the tribes shall be present at all the payments
within the limits of their superintendency, I
should suppose that very often there would be a
failure to pay; sometimes these tribes are situated
at a considerable distance from each, and all of
them, perhaps at a still greater distance from the
office of the superintendent.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 will explain the object of
the amendment. Originally, when the Indian
bureau was attached toihe War Department, the
security we had for the proper disbursement was
that the paymaster paid out the moneys, and he
paid them out on rolls furnished, and in the pres-
ence either of officers of the Army or of Indian
agents. When it was transferred—and it was
done very hurriedly—from the War to the Interior
Department, the securities which existed under
the old practice were not provided. As the mat-
ter now stands, the Indian agent receives these ■
moneys and disburses them; and although it is
required by the regulation of the Department that
a white man shall be a witness, it sometimes
happens that there is no white man there except
some one whose expenses he has paid to witness
it—some trader, perhaps, who may be casually
there. On consultation with the Department with
regard to what would be the best method to pro-
vide against infidelity on the part of the agents,
it was suggested that this would be best. It is
an approximation to the old practice. The amend-
ment is to allow the President to require the
superintendent to make these payments. We do
not make it peremtory, because there may be
some occasion when the system cannot be com-
menced at once; and therefore it is left in the dis-
cretion of the President to send the superintend-
ents to disburse on pay rolls to be furnished by
the agents. Then the local agents have no temp-
tations to disburse improperly. They counter-
sign the vouchers, and we carry out the system
which has been heretofore pursued so well in the
War Department in the disbursement of the public
moneys at distant points. Otherwise, in fact,
we have no security at all. The only security we
have, is the character of the local agents now;
this will give a check. •
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. When the pay-
masters of the Army paid out these moneys the
great security was that these officers could be
brought to account for any want of fidelity or
any want of attention in the proper discharge of
their duties. I do not see that you have any
greater security in requiring the superintendents
to attend to these payments than you have in re-
quiring the local agents to attend to them, unless
it be for a reason; and if that reason exists, it is
sufficient for making this change.
Perhaps there may be some security in requir-
ing the superintendents to be preeent'when dis-
bursements are made to the various Indian tribes.
But the tribes may be scattered at great distances
from each other, so that it may be difficult for
the superintendent to attend to this matter.
There may be an object for this change, and if
that be the true one, lam not certain in my mind
that this is an adequate remedy for it. The rea-
son to which I allude is the want of proper habits,
character, and fidelity in our Indian agents. If
that be alleged, it is important that we should
resort to some step in order to prevent frauds and
irregularities in the disbursement of moneys to
the Indians. It seems to me, however, that the
true remedy is to appoint no Indian agents or
sub-agents who are not to be relied upon as men
of known character and acknowledged fidelity.
It is the last place where we ought to send inef-
ficient or unreliable men to represent the interests
of the country, and preserve peaceful relations
between the Government and tlife Indians.
If the fact be that there is a distrust of the gen-
eral ability and fidelity of our Indian agents it
may be well to resert to some security of this
description; but I insist that it does not reach the
security which the Government had when these
payments were made by an officer who coflld be
court-martialed and punished by being cashiered
and losing his place for any want of "fidelity, or
any want of obedience to the instructions under
which he was ordered to make payments. This
amendment may individualize the responsibility.
Probably it would be some security.
We know frauds have been committed, and
sometimes annuities have been improperly paid
and have not reached the real beneficiaries in-
tended by the Government and by the treaties
under which those annuities were paid. If this
is an adequate remedy, if the honorable Senator
from Virginia has considered it sufficiently, and
the head of the Interior Department and the Pres-
ident of the United States think this an import-
ant remedy, I shall make no objections to the
amendment.
It seems to me, however, that it does not go
far enough. The amendment refers, I perceive,
to the discretion of the Secretary of the Interior
in imposing regulations. That may be relied
upon to some extent. In other respects, I see it
is left to the discretion of the President of the
United States. I do not know to what all this
may lead. The honorable Senator will see that
