1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
475
my judgment is, that there is not sufficient se-
curity perhaps in the character of the appointees
to those responsible places of Indian agents, and
I am of opinion that some further securities are
necessary to insure the faithful payment and dis-
bursement of these moneys. I should like to
hear whether the honorable Senator's investiga-
tions have gone to such an extent that he is able
to say whether or not there is a want of reliabil-
ity in our corps of Indian agents on the frontier
generally.
Mr. HUNTER. It is not the purpose of the
Committee on Finance in proposing such an
amendment, to cast any slur on the Indian agents.
As far as I know, as a class, they would compare
ivith the same class at former times; but it is
obvious that the temptations to fraud are very
great under the present practice. The Indian
agent, in fact, to some extent, makes the estimates
and makes the disbursements of the presents and
annuities he furnishes the witness; indeed, you
may say, he is his own witness. Although we
cannot furnish certain security against frauds, or
an improper application of tile funds, yet, after
consultation, we furnished the best that could be
suggested without increasing the general expense
of the Indian department. This costs nothing
more. It is left to the President, if he should find
it consistent with the wants of the Indian depart-
ment, to send the superintendents to the agencies,
and they are to make the payments in the pres-
ence of the agent, who will furnish the pay-roll.
We thus have a cheek of the one man watching
the other. In the other case we have no check upon
the agent if he should prove to be unfaithful. It
J— not follow that we are casting reflections
upon any class of public officers, because we pro-
vide securities which are usual, and which have
heretofore been resorted to when the system was
under better regulations.
I will say to the Senator that the increase of
the expenditures of the Indian department has
been such that, to some extent, they have alarmed
me. I have looked anxiously around to see what
were the means, if any existed, for retrenching
them. We ought to act intelligently 011 the sub-
ject; and among other things I found—in which
the head of the Department concurred with me,
and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs agreed
with me, as well as others whom I consulted—
that it might be a valuable protection to require
the superintendents to pay, and let the payments
be witnessed by the local agents. It will not hurt
the superintendents to be sent among the tribes
and witness their condition and wants. It may
operate usefully as a check in another respect,
of the superintendent over the agents in the dis-
charge of the duties which are proper to the local
agents.
I do not say that this amendment is perfect,
but it is something; it is an advance towards a
system which may promise us some more security
than we now have. 1 do not mean to say that
the local agents are worse now than they were,
or that they do not compare well with the class
that formerly existed; but it is certainly better to
have this check than not to have it.
I consulted in regard to this matter the head
of another Department, for whose experience and
opinions I have great respect. He said to me,
the nearer you can assimilate the system of In-
dian disbursements to that which is practiced in
the Army, the better and more secure it will be.
It is in some measure in accordance with that
suggestion that we propose to use the superin-
tendent where the paymaster was formerly used,
and we then have the one as a check upon the
other.
Mr. RUSK. I propose, after the words " shall
be made in person by the superintendents of In-
dian affairs," to insert" where superintendencies
exist." There are many places where they do
not exist. I suppose there will be 110 objection
to this modification, 1
Mr. HUNTER. I accept it. I
Mr. RUSK. How many superintendents of j
Indian affairs are there now ?
Mr. HUNTER. Seven or eight; but there |
will be some amendments offered by the Com- :
mittee on Indian Affairs, which I think will •
enable us to send superintendents to all the tribes. ,
There are enough to do the work, I understand, .
if properly distributed. The Committee on In- i
dian Affairs will propose, instead of having two
superintendents in the Pacific territories, one in
Washington and one in Oregon, to have one
superintendent there, and establish another super-
intendency in Utah. We shall then have super-
intendents enough, as I am informed, to dis-
charge the business which we propose to require
of them.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest to the
chairman of the Finance Committee, that it might
be well to regulate the traveling expenses at-
tendant 011 superintendents performing this duty.
Unless this be done there will be claims here-
after. The amendment should state the mileage
to be allowed for traveling a given distance, and
everything else which is necessary. The regu-
lations of the Department will not be sufficient
on this point without the sanction of law.
Mr. HUNTER. There is a difficulty in devis-
ing a whole system. This is a commencement,
and will be an improvement. With regard to the
matter of transportation, I inquired, and was told
that there would be a saving of expense in that
respect, because the local agents come now to the
superintendents, and get money. You have to
provide escorts for each of them; and there would
be fewer escorts to .provide, and the traveling
expenses would be actually less, if we sent super-
intendents to the agencies, because one escort
would do for each, than if we followed the present
system, which requires escorts for most of the
local agents who come down to the superintend-
ents for money and goods. In regard to an abso-
lute limit, I should not know how to fix it. We
should leave it where it now is—to executive dis-
cretion. They now provide ail escort for local
agents, and their expenses. They will be the
same for superintendents, and there will be fewer
escorts, and the expense will be less under this
system than under the other, as T am informed.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 doubt whether itwill im-
prove tin; system in any particular unless there
is some dt'hmle action taken upon this point, it
may remain in the discretion of the head of the
Department to make such allowance as he may
think a fair compensation, and in that way it
may be beneficial. Indian agents ought never to
leave their posts unless there be some urgent ne-
cessity for it, which is not the case now. They
were very often in the interior of the country,
and not residing at their agencies. They make
it a matter of convenience entirely, to claim an
agency, derive their salary, and withhold their
attention from their duties. I know such has
been the case, and 1 have no doubt it is so at this
very moment. This is an evil which ought to
be guarded against. If this amendment is in-
tended to curtail the expense incident to the ad-
ministration of that Department, I am perfectly
willing to agree to it; and if it will give any fa-
cility to extend justice to the Indians and pay
their annuities promptly, I shall be gratified at
that.
Annuities are withheld from the Indians, and
they sell off the certificates that so much is due
from the Government. The money remains 111
the Treasury of the United States, the agent not
calling for it, but granting thern certificates. The
Indians, deeming this paper valueless, traffic it for
mere nothing in the various stores and trading-
houses in the nation. The mon<*y is appropri-
ated and lying in the Treasury; the a<j;ent does
not call for it, and it is not sent. Tile Indian
receives nothing but this valueless paper to him.
A system of swindling, for the last forty years,
to my certain knowledge, has been conducted in
the Indian department. I ain not speaking with
reference to the Commissioner here, for 1 have
high respect for the present Commissioner of
Indian Affairs. I think him a gentleman of
integrity and marked ability, with a disposition
to do great justice to the Indians, and pay them
fairly, according to the intention of the Govern-
ment, in the right manner. He stands forward
as a safeguard to theil- rights when attempts htm*
been made, not only to invade them but to des-
troy them, and defraud the Indians out of every
cent of the annuity that was appropriated by the
Government. 1 intend no reflection 011 him or
on the head of the Department of which his
office is a bureau.
I shall be glad to see any system adopted which
can prevent these abuses. This amendment may
prove beneficial to some extent. I am willing to
see it adopted, and should be glad to go the full
extent of covering the Indian agaifist imposition,
restricting agents from the exercise of corruption,
and purging the Departments of men who are
deemed not very fit ornaments of society, and
who are sent off as a kind of honorable exile,
profitable to themselves and their friends, I want
no more of that. The Indians should have good
moral men amongst them—men of character,
men whose example they may imitate with ad-
vantage, and men who will have an influence in
pacincating their disposition towards the whites,
and obtaining a control over them. That can be
done by upright men, not by profligate and aban-
doned ones, as are sometimes sent; but men who
will make their mark that the Indian may follow;
so that when he walks in the white path he may
not walk in darkness or pursue vice. They are
too apt, indeed, to adopt the vices of the white
man without his virtues; and one reason is, that
they are furnished with an example of vice while
virtue is withheld.
Mr. FITZPATRICIC. I do not think there
is any prospect of getting through with this bill
to-day.
Mr HUNTER. Let us vote on this amend-
ment, and then we can adjourn.
The amendment was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. FITZPATRICK, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, January 26, 1857.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the question before
the House wan the motion of the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Fuller] to reconsider the vote by
winch the consideration of House bill No. 187 was
postponed until December 20th Inst. Upon that
question, Mr. Fuller was entitled to the floor.
Mr. GROW, 1 desire to ask the gentleman
from Maine to give way to me a moment, that I
may appeal to the House to set aside two days
for the consideration of territorial business.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. If the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will listen to me a moment, I
will indicate to him the motion I propose to make,
which will perhaps relieve the House from the
consideration of the pending question.
PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. 1 ask the House to dispose of the case of
Joseph L. Chester. I understand that he is now
ready to answer the questions to be propounded
by the Speaker.
The SPEAKER, The Chair is informed that
the witness is in the keeping of the Sergeant-at-
Arms, and he will be presented at the bar of the
House unless otherwise ordered.
The Scrgeant-at-Arms then reported Joseph
L. Chester at the bar of the House, with his
answers, in writing, to inquiries ordered to be
propounded by the Chair on Saturday.
The SPEAKER addressed Mr. Chester as
follows: You have been presented at the bar of
the House, by its order, to show cause why you
have failed to appear before its committee, in
obedience to its summons; and by order of the
House the following interrogatories are to be
addressed to you, to which your answers are to
be in writing and under oath:
" What excuse hat*1 you for not appearing before the
select committee of this llou&e, pursuant to the summons
served upon you on the 14th instant?
" Are you now ready to appear befoie said committee,
and anhwcr to such pioper questions as shall be put to you
by aatd committee
The Sergeant-at-Arms presented the answers
in writing of Mr. Chester; which were read by
the Clerk, as follows:
To the Honorable the Speaker of the House ef Representa-
tives of the United States:
To the fir«t iriteirogatory propounded to me, under the
resolution of the House of the 24th instant, X respectfuHy
answer: That in depaiting from this city the day after
having been smbpenaed to appear before the committee, f
neither entertained nor intended any disrepect whatever to
the committee or to the House; but that having made ar-
taniipmonts before the service of the subpena, to leave for
my home in Philadelphia, on private business of emergency,
aitei having been absent for a peiiod of six week?. I could
not, without great detriment to my own affairs, postpone
my visit. I had every reason to believe that the committee
would yet be m session some days; and not having read the
