476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
suboena carefully, nor observed the clause requiring me
not to depart without leave, and presuming that my appear-
ance before the committee on Monday morning at furthest,
would be m sufficient time for their purpose. T left, an-
nouncing to Russell Fnsby, Jr., with whom I board, my
intention to return the next night, if possible, so as to be
befoie the committee even on Saturday. Indeed, t (ltd not
imagine, under the exigencies of my own private affairs,
£hat it was absolutely necessary that 1 should appear before
the committee on the exact day; and had not the recent
gtorm intervened, I should have been of my own accord,
before the committee on Monday la-it, without the services
of the Sergeant-at-Arrns. That officer, I am sure, will bear
me witness, that I evinced no deposition, either by habeas
corpus or othenvue, to evade the arrest, or a return to
Washington. So occupied was T with my business at home,
that I did not even read or hear of the proceedings of the
House in my case until late on Saturday, the 17th, when 1
went quietly to my home, and remained with my family
awaiting the arrival of your officer. From all which, I trust
that your honorable body will attribute to me no disrespect
nor disposition to avoid its mandate.
To the second interrogatory I answer, that I am entirely
leady and willing to appear and answer.
JOSEPH L. CHESTER.
City of Washington, D. C.:
Joseph L- Chester, of the city of Philadelphia, being duly
Sworn, doth dcclare and say, that the facts set forth in the
foregoing answer are true, to the be«t of Ins knowledge and
belief* JOSEPH 1,. CHEST till.
Sworn and subscribed to thiaSGih day of January, A. I).
1857, before me, K. OFFUTT, J. P.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that Mr. Chester
bo discharged from custody, the answers to the
interrogate)lies being satisfactory.
Mr. TYSON endeavored to get the iloor to
submit a similar motion, but the Speaker recog-
nized bis colleague.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I have not heard dis-
tinctly the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. FLORENCE. My motion is, that Colonel
Chester, the respondent at the bur, be discharged
from the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms, the
answers to the interrogatories being entirely re-
spectful and satisfactory to this body.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. 1 had misunderstood
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
I thought that, he put in his motion a condition
on which Mr. Chester was to be discharged. My
opinion is that, on our receiving the answer, the
party should be discharged unconditionally.
The question way put; and the motion wan
agreed to.
Mr. Chester was thereupon discharged from
the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Understanding,
Mr. Speaker, that the bill which I spoke to on a
former occasion, establishing collection districts
of the United States, and designating the ports
Of entry and ports of delivery, conies up in ouler
to-day for the action of the 1 louse, and inasmuch
as many gentlemen, members of the House from
the more important commercial points of the
country, have been busily engaged in looking at
this bill since liie subject was called up, and do- j
sire further time to examine it with a view of
perfecting it, and being myself of opinion with
those who take an interest in this bill, that its pro-
visions can be better matured and perfected by
having time to look into its details, and prepare it
in a manner acceptable to the House, when action
will be called for, I will move, for the purpose
indicated, that the further consideration of the
question be postponed till Tuesday week.
Mr..CAMPU£JLL, of Ohio. Not Tuesday
week.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I was going to move
for Monday, but { am aware that that is a day
ori which many gentlemen desire to make mo-
tions.
SeveiaJ xMembrrs. Make it Monday.
Mr. I1 CILLER, of Maine. Well, in accord-
ance with the suggestions of gentlemen around
me, I move to postpone the further consideration
of the subject till this day week.
The motion was agreed to.
TERRITORIAL. BUSINESS—SPECIAL ORDER.
Mr. GROW. I desire to submit a motion, if
the House will hear me a moment. Two of the
three days set apart last week tor the considera-
tion of territorial business were consumed m the
business of the special investigating committee.
I ask the House now to fix two days for the con-
sideration of that business. I propose to-morrow
and next day for that purpose; and if there beany
objection, I shall move to suspend the rules.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to modify his motion,
and to take this day and to-morrow.
Mr. McQUEEN. J object to the motion of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I have no
objection to legislate properly for the Territories;
but I am unwilling to appropriate any more time
by special orders for any other business, until the
tariff is taken up and disposed of. %Ve can de-
vote time to every other subject where money is
to be squandered, and stave olT the tariff until the
session is ended, while the people are taxed by
the tariff until we have thirty millions of dollars
surplus in the Treasury; and yet the subject is not
so important as to prevent anything else from
taking precedence in this body. I shall object to
everything that I can, until we attempt at least
to diminish the taxes now unjustly wrung from
the people.
Mr. GROW. It is entirely immaterial to me
what two days the House takes. Any day that
will satisfy a majority of the House will satisfy
me. I should as soon have Friday and Saturday
as any days.
Several Members. Well, make that motion.
Mr. GROW. Let me ask the House to do
this. It seems that there id no objection to have
two days set apart. Let the rules be suspended
by general consent, and then the majority can
vote upon the days.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to that.
Mr. GROW. I move to suspend the rules,
and will modify my motion, so that Thursday
and Saturday of this week shall be set apart for
the consideration of territorial business.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will substitute Monday and Satur-
day for Thursday and Saturday I will go with
him. Monday is always an unprofitable day.
Mr. GROW. In moving Thursday and Satur-
day I adopt the suggestions of friends around
me. I tried last week to have Monday and Satur-
day set apart for the purpose I have indicated,
and gentlemen know with what success. I adhere
to my motion as it now is.
Mr. JONEtf, of Tennessee, i suggest that the
gentleman lake two days that follow each other.
Next Friday is not objection day, and why not
take Friday and Saturday?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to that.
There are on the Private Calendar some private
bills which ought to be disposed of.
Mr. CARLILE. Is not next Saturday private
bill day?
The SPEAKER.
Mr. CARLILE.
amendment ?
The SPEAKER.
It is.
Is the motion now open to
It is not; the proposition is
| to suspend the rules for its introduction.
! Mr. CARLILE. If the gentleman will take
j to-morrow and next day, I will vote for his mo-
i tion.
Mr. GROW. Let the rules be suspended, and
then gentlemen can submit their amendments for
the House to decide between thein.
Mr. CRAIGE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative; there being, on a division—ayes
130, noes 33.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in the afhrmative.)
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
resolution be amended by adding the words pro-
vided that Friday shall be objection day."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The rules were suspended for no
such purpose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
objection, and rules the amendment out of order.
Mr. ALLISON". I move, as an amendment,
that instead of Thursday and Saturday the days
shall be Thursday and Friday.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. L move, as an amend-
ment to the amendment, that the days be Friday
and Saturday, and now call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CARLILE. I am unwilling' 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not m order.
Mr. CARLILE. I move that the whole sub-
ject be laid upon the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. McMULLIN. I appeal to the gentleman
fromPeunsylvuniato make the days,as suggested
by the gentleman from Georgia, Saturday and
Monday.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The rules were suspended
for the introduction of the resolution a^ it is, and
the gentleman cannot modify it. The House can
amend it.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the
yeas and nays on Mr. Clingman's amendment.
On a division, there were—ayes 29, noes 130.
Mr. MILLSON demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wright,
of Tennessee, and Albright, were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 37, noes 128.
So the yeas and nays were ordered, (one fifth
voting in favor thereof.)
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 63, nays 123; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Barksdale, Hondley S. Bennett,
Bocock, Brauch, Burnett, Lewis D. Campbell, Caruthers,
Caskic, Chngman, Ilowell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Coming, Ciaige, Cullen, Oumhaek, Dick, Dowdell, Edie,
Edmundson, Elliott, Faulkner, Flagler, Garnett, Uoode,
Grow, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Ham*, Houston, Jew-
ett, George \V. Jones, Kettt, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel
S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller,
Miilson, Mordecai Oliver, Pame, Peck, Phelps, Powell,
Puiyear, Iticaud. Ruftiu, llust, Sage, Savage, Simmons,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stephens, Talbott,
Thormgton, Thurston, Valk, Wells, Wmblow, Darnel B.
Wiight, and John V. Wnglu—
\TAYS—Mess-rs. Albiight, Allison, Pall, Barclay, Ilcnry
Bennett, Benson, Bilhnshuifl, Bingham, Bishop, Bowie,
Boyce, Bradsbaw, Brenton, Broom, Buflmton, Burhngame,
James li. Campbell, John P. Campbell, Caihle, Bayartf
Clarke, Ezra ('lark, Claw-on, Colfax, Ciagin, Darntcll,
Davidson, Jacob C. Davis, Timothy Davis, Dean, Denver,
Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Duifee, Edwards, English, Ether-
idge, Eustis, Evans, Florence, HenryM. Fuller, Granger,
Greenwood, Robeit B. Hall, Harlan, J. Moiri&on Hairis,
Harrison, Haven, Herbcit, Hodge*, Hoffman, lloJloway,
Thomas 11. Jloiton, Valentine B. Horton, Howaid, Hughs-
ton, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell, King,
Knapp, Knight, Knox, Lake, Leitei, Alexander K. Mar-
shall, Humphrey Marshall, Matteson, jVIcCarty, Kilhan
Miller, Morgan, Monill, Morrison, Mott, Murray, Norton,
Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pelton, Pennington, Petfit, Pike,
Porter, Pringle, Purviance, Quitman, Ileade, Rivers, Rob-
bins, ltobison, Sahm, Stindidgc, Sapp, Scott, Shortei, Spin-
ner, Stanton, Stewart, Stranahan, Taylor, Todd, Trafton,
Tnppe, Tyson, Underwood, Vail, Wade, Wakeman,
Walbudge, Waidion, Walkei, Cadwalader C. Washbume,
Ellihu 15. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch,
Wlntney, Williams, Wood, Woodiuff, Woodworth, and
Zollicolier—123.
So the amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BENSON stated that Mr. Perry was in
the House at the commencement of the day's
session, but that, in consequence of the sickness
of his family, had been obliged to leave, and had
requested him to state that fact to the House.
Mr. RIVERS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Sneed, was confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. KEITT stated that Mr. Brooks was absent
on account of sickness.
The question recurred upon the motion to
amend by substituting 14 Thursday and Friday"
for "Thursday and Saturday."
The question was taken, and it was not agreed
to.
The original resolution of Mr. Grow was then
agreed to.
Mr. GROW moved that the vote by which the
resolution was adopted be reconsidered; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickixs, their Secretary, stating that the
Senate had passed bills of that body of the fol-
lowing titles:
An act to increase the salaries of the judges of
the circuit and criminal courts of the District of
Columbia, and for other purposes;
An act to incorporate the Washington Paper-
Mill Company;
An act incorporating the Granite Manufactur-
ing Company of Washington city;
An act incorporating the Metropolitan Me-
chanics' Institute for the promotion of manufac-
tures, commerce, and the mechanic arts;
An act supplementary to " An act to organize an
institution for the insane of the Army and Navy
