478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
GEORGE CASSADAY.
Mr. BALL. After the House has so liberally
provided for the officers of the Army, 1 hope they
will now afford relief to a poor soldier of the late
war with Mexico. I move that the Committee
of the Whole House be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of a bill (H. R. No. 484) for
the relief of George Cassaday.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of George Cassaday, of Ohio, oil
the invalid pension roll, at the rate of eight dollars
per month, to commence on the 28th of August,
1847, and to continue during his natural life.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BARKSDALE, by unanimous consent,
and in pursuance of previous notice, introduced
a bill for the relief of certain actual settlers and
cultivators who purchased land subject to grad-
uation within the limits of the Choctaw cession
of 1830, at a less rate than the true graduated
price under the act to reduce and graduate the
price of the public land to actual settlers and cul-
tivators, approved 4th of August, 1854; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, by unani-
mous consent, and in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced a bill to incorporate an insurance
company in the city of Washington; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
These bills were introduced and referred with
the understanding that, no motion to reconsider
should be made in regard to their reference.
HEIRS or ELIJAH KING.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce a bill
for the relief of the wife and children of Elijah
King.
Mr. RUFFIN. I have objected to this bill
sinco my entrance into Congress, and I object to
it now.
The bill was read for information. After re-
citing that one Elijah King, an emancipated slave,
died recently in the city of Washington, seized
and possessed of real estate in said city, of con-
siderable value, leaving a wife who is a slave,
and also two sons, Bayliss King and Thomas
King, also slaves; and it being doubtful whether
said wife and children can, by reason of their
condition as slaves, take and hold said real estate
in inheritance, in which event, it is believed that
the said real estate is vested in the United States;
and it being represented that the owncia of said
slaves are willing to emancipate them, and thereby
invest them with power to hold said real estate,
provided the United States will release and vest
in them the right, title, and interest in and to
said real estate which may have vested in the
United States; the bill provides substantially,
that as soon as the said slaves shall bo emanci-
pated, the right, title, and interest in and to said
real estate of which said Elijah King shall have
died seized, and which shali have vested in the
United Slates, shall vest in said wife and sons, to
be held, owned, and enjoyed by them—one third
by the wife, and the other two thirds, together
with the reversion of the wife's one third, by
the said sons absolutely; and that in the event
any two only of said slaves shall be emancipated,
the benefits of the act shall mure to the benefit
of such as shall be emancipated. If the wife
alone is emancipated, the said real estate shall
vest m her absolutely; if two sons be emanci-
pated and the wife not, it shall vest absolutely
:n said sons; and if the wife and one son be
emancipated, the wife shall enjoy one half of said
real estate for life, and the son shall take the other
half and the reversion of the wife's half abso-
lutely; provided, however, that the act shall
not be construed to affect or impair the legal or
equitable right, title, or interest of other persons
in any such real estate.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would remark to
the House that the wife of the man King men-
tioned in the bill is a very old woman, and that
the sons are grown men. If the papers were read
it would make out a perfect case; but I will not
consume the time of the House by reading them.
I move a suspension of the rules. *
Mr. RUFFIN. I hope the gentleman will
allow the papers to be read. I think they do not
sustain the bill.
Mr. WALKER. I would ask the gentleman
from Virginia if this bill has been acted on by a
committee ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It has not.
Mr. WALKER. Then it should go to the
Committee on the Judiciary, because it involves
important questions of law.
Mr. RUFFIN. I ask that the papers in the
cass be read
The SPEAKER. They can be read only by
unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
Mr. GARNETT. Upon the motion to sus-
pend the rules I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the papers are
read I can vote understandingly.
The SPEAKER. They will be read unless
objection be made.
Mr. SAPP. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I shall vote
against suspending the rules.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative — yeas 134, nays 33; as fol-
lows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Alters, Albright, Allison, Ball,
Biubour, Baiclay, Henry Bennett, nfm>on, Billinghurst,
Bishop, Bocock, Btadshaw, Drenton, Broom, Builingame,
v.....,, wuiumoj vt/vuui,, VUIR'U, UUI UttCK,
Damrcll, Jacob C. Davis, Day, Dean, I>iek, Dickson, Dodd,
Dunn, Duii'ec, Edie, Edmundson, Edwards, Elliott, Emue,
English, Ethcridgc,Eustis, Evans, Flagler, Florence, Henry
M. Fuller, Thomas J. i). Fuller, Granger, Greenwood,
Grow, Augustus Hall, Robert B. Hall, Ilarlan, Harrison,
N.'ivmi, Herbert, Hodges, flolloway, Valentine B. Norton,
Howard, IIus*hston, J. Clancy Jones, Kelly, Kennett,King,
Knapp, Knight, Knox, Lake, Letter, Mace, Alexander K.
Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Mat-
teson, McCaity, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Morrison, Mott,
Munay, Nichols, Fame, Parker, Pock, Pennington, Pettit,
Pike, Poitei, Purvjanec, Purycar, Bobbins, Koborte, Kobi-
son, Rust, Sabin, Sago, Sapp, Seott, Sherman, Simmons,
William Knuth. I? Smith Sninnor CtuMim Civnt.
 ,   - -ihburne, Isiael
Washburn, YVatson, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Wood,
Woodruff, Woodworth, and ZoIhcolFer—-134.
WAYS—■Messrs. Allen, Barksdale, tlcndley S. Bennett,
Bowie, Boyce, Burnett, Caruthers, Caskie, Craige, Dow-
dell, Faulkner. Garnett, Goode, Sampson W. Harris, Hous-
ton, Kidwell, ^etcher, Maxwell, McQueen, Millson,
Phelps, Powell, Quitman, ltuftin, Sandidge, Savage, Shor-
ter, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Walker, Watkins, and Wins-
low—03.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof.)
The bill was then read a first and second time
by its title, as follows:
An act relinquishing the claim of the United
States to certain property of which Elijah King
died seized and possessed, in the District of Co-
lumbia, upon certain specified conditions.
The question recurring upon ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, demanded the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and road a third time; and being en-
grossed. it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WALKER moved to lay the bill upon the
table; and upon that motion demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was "disagreed to.
Mr. CARUTHERS (at ten minutes after three
o'clock) moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. RUFFIN called for the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois, moved that the
House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. GJIOW demanded the previous question
up6n the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. PHELPS. I am aware, Mr. Speaker,
that it may not be in order for me to submit a
motion at this stage; but I have a suggestion to
make. I do not desire to impede the progress
of this bill; but is there not a day set apart for
the consideration of business of the District of
Columbia? A question presents itself whether
escheat recurs to the United States within the
District of Columbia, or whether it does not go
to the State of Maryland.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to havt^tlie matter
investigated.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative — yeas 123, nays 33; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Billmghurst, Binghatn, Bliss, Brad-show
Brenton, Broom, Buffinton, Burlingame, Cadwalader,
James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Bayaid Clarke,
Ezra Clark, dawson, Clingman, Colfax, Comms, Covode,
Cragin,Cumback, Day, Deaa, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn,
Edie, Edmundson, Edwards, Emne, Evans, Flagler. Flor-
ence, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gilbert,
Granger, Gieenwood, Grow, Augustus Hall, Robert B.
Hall, Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Hodges, Hollowav, Thomas
R. Hoi ton, Valentine B. Horton, Hovvaid, Hugliston,
George W. Jones, Kelly, Kelsey, Kennett, Knapp, Knight,
Knox, Leiter, Mace, Alexander K. Marshall, Humplney
Marshall, Matteson, McCarty, Milhvard, Morgan, Mornll,
Mott, Murray, Nichols, Nmtou, Paine, Parker, Peck,
Pelton, Pennington, Peiry, Pettit, Pike, Porter, Pnngle,
Purvianee, Puryear, Eobbins, Roberts, Eobison, Rust,
Sabrn, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, William
Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Tappari, Thormgton, Thurston,
Trafton,Tyson, Underwood, Wade, Wakenian, Waibrid e,
Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Wash-
buinc, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wells, Wheeler,
Whitney, Williams, Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth, and
Zolheoffer—123.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Barksdale, Hendley S. Bennett,
Bowie, Branch, Caruthers, Caskie, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Ciaige, Davidson, Dowdeli, Goode, J. Morrison
Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Houston, Kidwell, Letcher,
McMullm, McQueen, Millson, Mordecai Oliver, Phelps,
Powell, Quitman, Ricaud, ltuffin, Sandidge, Shorter, Stevv-
ait/Trippe, Walker, Daniel B. YVrigbt, and John V. Wright
So the bill was passed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
REGENTS OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the consent of the
House to take from the Speaker's table the joint
resolution (S. No. 46) for the appointment of
Regents of the Smithsonian Institution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
Mr. STANTON. I move to suspend the
rules.
The rules were suspended, ninety-eight mem-
bers—more than two thirds—having voted in the
affirmative.
The resolution was taken from the Speaker's
table, and read a first and second time.
It resolves that the vacancies in the Board of
Regents of the Smithsonian Institution, in the class
other than members of Congress, be filled by the
reappointment of the late incumbents, Richard
Rush, of Philadelphia, and Joseph G. Totten,
of Washington.
Mr. LETCHER (at three and a half o'clock)
moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question being on ordering the resolution
to be read a third time,
Mr. STANTON moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the resolution was ordered to a third reading, and
was read the third time.
The resolution was then passed; there being,
on a division—ayes 109, noes 17.
AMENDMENT OF GRADUATION LAWS.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill to amend the
graduation act, with a view of perfecting some of
the entries that have been made under that act.
If objected to I shall ask to suspend the rules to
enable me to introduce this bill. 11 is simply the
first section of the bill prepared by my friend
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] the other day.
Objection was made the other day to the second
section of the bill, and I propose to omit that
second section.
Mr. CRAIGE objected.
Mr. PHELPS moved to suspend the rules.
And then, on motion of Mr. SHERMAN,
(at twenty minutes to four o'clock, p. m.,)the
House adjourned.
