THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. G.
Thirtt-Focrth Congress, 3d Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 29, 1857.
New Series No. 31,;
Congress whether we are to pass a bill or not,
they are of no earthly use whatever.
It was not because there were errors in this
report that I made the motion. I did not know
that there were any errors in it. By a letter
received from Colonel Graham afterwards, it was
stated to me, and, I think, to one or two other
Senators, that there were some errors in his re-
port which, in a reprint, ought to be corrected;
but they are not very important. Now, all we
want in regard to it is to take the report of Col-
onel Graham of the survey of the lakes, and
print it together in one book.
As to the extra copies, I offered that propo-
sition for the consideration of the Senate at the
instance of the officer himself. He desired some
copies of his report for his own use. That ques-
tion I submitted to the Committee on Printing.
If they think it is not best to print extra copies,
very well; I shall make no objection to it. But
I submit, if it is worth while for this Government
to send out officers to make surveys of the lakes,
or of the rivers, or of the ocean, it has been
considered at all times worth while to print the
results of their labors. The subject of the im-
provement of these lakes must come up in the
course of legislation. No man will be prepared
to act understandingly without having a copy
of this report.
I think, if the Committee on Printing under-
stand this point as I do, there is no difficulty
about it. I infer from what the honorable Sen-
ator from Arkansas has said, that he supposes
there is something else in the purpose; but it is
not so. It is simply to print the whole of the
report of this officer without the maps. The maps
are not conceived to be any part of it. The maps
were not sent here, as I understand, in response
to the resolution. The resolution which I offered
brought in the remaining portions of the report,
but no maps with it. I have heard incidentally
that there were maps. I suppose that there are
some, but they do not constitute a part of the
report that the Senate ordered to-be printed.
1 think with this understanding the Senate will
find no difficulty in the order that it has made to
print this report, and to print it in one volume as
a whole. The Senator suggests that the com-
mittee do not know how much more there is of
it. There is no more of it. The Senate ordered
to be printed what was sent here in response to
my resolution, and that is all there is of the
report. I hope that the order to print the usual
number will not be rescinded.
Mr. JOHNSON The Committee on Printing,
in instructing me to present the motion to rescind
that order, have not instructed me to make any
opposition to the printing of the report as an ulti-
mate matter. Their instructions to me extended
simply to this: to show to the Senate the reasons
why they think it would be well to investigate
this matter of printing, before the order is finally
made. If the committee upon that investigation
think that the order has been made rightly in the
first instance, of course they will return it with
their approval; if not; they will return it with the
reasons why they do not approve it, with an
amended order. I have no doubt that this report
will ultimately be printed. Though I am not
authorized to speak for the committee in that
respect, I have no doubt they will concur in that;
but as to the propriety of the order as framed
and adopted, I do seriously doubt. The com-
mittee have instructed me to ask that the order
may be rescinded, so that they may consider and
investigate the cost, and the expediency and the
extent of the printing.
The Senator says it was not contemplated by
him that the maps should be printed. Does the
Senator know that it was not contemplated by
the officer who requested him to introduce the
resolution? The language of the resolution is,
that the report shall be printed; the maps are a
part of that report—not only a part of it, but in
the body of the report the maps are constantly
referred to, and the assurance to us is, that the
report cannot be well understood without the
maps. If the committee find that to be so, and
that the work is of such importance that it is
expedient to print it, they would be compelled to
bring in a resolution to print it with the maps.
But that is a subject proper for investigation.
The expense of the printing will be very con-
siderable. Ten thousand dollars and upwards is
certainly something of an item. That will be
required for the maps alone, to say nothing of
the cost of printing the residue of the report and
the extra numbers that may be ordered.
It is proper that the committee should consider
the expediency of reprinting what has already
been printed. Ample numbers for all public pur-
poses, we understand, have already been printed.
It is true that it would be useful for the officer to
have his works in one volume, but these are not
works for general public.distribution, and even
if they were, it is not expected that any great
benefit will be derived from them, for where is the
man, who is not a scientific person, who can take
up this work and make anything out of it? There
is none. These works are more for scientific
purposes, and require men of learning in partic-
ular branches of science to understand and com-
Frehend them at all, or to do anything with them.
will ask the Senator from Michigan if he can
tell me the number already printed ?
Mr. STUART. The usual number.
Mr. JOHNSON. Were there no extra num-
bers ?
Mr. STUART. No.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then the committee cannot
say whether the usual number is not amply suf-
ficient. When the Department which make the
contracts for cleaning out and repairing and im-
proving and creating these harbors, are furnished
with copies enough to supply those who take
contracts under them, we cannot say that that is
not eisough. It is a subject of just and proper
inquiry to see whether that number is not suffi-
cient, and whether five thousand copies more of
that report should properly be printed.
As to the preference of the author to have his
works in one volume, or of any gentleman who
would like to preserve it in one volume, that is
a matter of taste. It is not probable that if works
of this character, which are scientific in their
nature, and for practical purposes, too, come here
in two volumes, one is going to be lost. It is
not necessary that we should reprint the whole
of it in order to have it in one volume, for fear that
one should be lost. As it contains disconnected
surveys of harbors, I do not know but it may be
as well to let a man lose one and save the other,
as to put it all in one volume, and let him lose
the whole. I do not think the reasoning in regard
to that has any force. I think it is entirely a
matter of expediency and propriety for the Senate
in reference to incurring that expense, without
regard to the question whether the report shall
be in one volume or in two.
I ask the Senate to rescind the order under the
instruction of the committee. I do not say Ihe
committee will report upon it adversely; but I do
say they will try to report to the body intelli-
gently for their action.
Mr. STUART. A few words, I think, will
explain this matter to the satisfaction of every-
body. This officer was detailed to make a survey
of the harbors of the lakes. At the time when
the first portion of the report was called for, he
had surveyed the harbors of Wisconsin and
Illinois.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will call the attention of
the Senator, so that he can embrace this matter
in his remarks, to this indorsement of Lieu-
tenant Colonel Graham on the report: " The
maps and drawings already sent from the War
Department should be printed." This is his
own indorsement, with his own signature.
Mr. STUART. There is no difficulty in un-
derstanding this subject. At the time when this
information was called for, that part of the report
was prepared which embraced the harbors of
Wisconsin and Illinois. Then the harbors m
Indiana and Michigan down to Detroit river were
notembraced. I called for that part of the report
simply embracing the whole survey of the upper
lakes, coming down to Detroit, and the Senate
ordered it to be printed. They did not refer that
subject to the Committee on Printing at all. The
Committee on Printing has never acquired any
jurisdiction over it. The Senate ordered that
report to be printed as a whole.
The Senator seems not to undurstand the im-
portance of this report. It is not for Colonel
Graham, it is not for the convenience of that offi-
cer, it is not for the convenience of the topograph-
ical bureau, or the War Department, but for the
convenience of Congress. Bills have been, and
will be again, under consideration for the im-
provement of the harbors around the upper lakes
m the States of Indiana and Michigan; and in
order to ascertain what the character of the har-
bor is, what the extent and expense of its im-
provement are to be, together with its trade and
commerce, wo want to refer to the report of this
officer who has been detailed for this purpose;
and the whole of it is reading matter.
Suppose we have a bill under consideration, and
you dispatch a messenger to bring you Colonel
Graham's report. He wings you either the first
part or the last part of it. That is not what you
want. You send him again. The Senator says
it may be lost. So it may; but the convenience
of the Senate and House of Representatives is
alone considered in making this order to print the
whole report in one volume. It does not embrace
the maps. The maps were not sent here. I did
not move this order until the additional report was
sent in, and it did not embrace any map. There
is no map with it. The Senate has not ordered
one map to be printed, but we did submit to the
Committee on Printing the question of the pro-
priety of printing extra copies, and that only.
If they think they ought not to be printed, very
well; that is a matter for the convenience of the
officer, and to gratify him. I should be glad to
gratify him. I think he is a very able officer. I
think he hac performed his work in an admirable
manner; but if the Senate decide against it, I
shall be content.
I shall be somewhat surprised, however, if
the Senate decide against printing the ordinary
number of the report of an officer who has been
sent out to perform this service. We want to
have it printed, and we want it printed in one
volume. I lake it there is no member of the
Committee on Printing who will say that the
cost of printing the ordinary number of this
report, including the reprint of the former part,
will be very large. It cannot be very large. 1
know, when you come to printing maps, that that
is a very expensive process, ana I answer that,
in my judgment, there is no necessity for their
being printed for the use of the Senate. I do not
ask it, and will not vote for it, because I consider
it useless expense. But I do say that I am op-
posed ,most essentially opposed, to rescinding the
order to print the usual number of this report,
and to print it in a proper form in one book;
and I repeat, to print it, not for the officer, not
for anybody but ourselves; and I have never
known such an application to be refused. That
is all there is of the order. I hope the Senate
will not rescind.it. I hope the Committee on
Printing will express their judgment in respect to
the extra numbers. I am willing to abide that
judgment, be it what it may. I nope the maps
will be kept out of consideration, for they were
notembraced in the report that I asked for. They
were not embraced in the papers sent to the Son-
ate; they have never been put before us, and we
have never ordered them to be printed.
Mr. HUNTER. The hour has arrived for the
consideration of the special order. If we could
get a vote on this subject I should not call for it.
I have no idea that we can, and I want to press
the special order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not wish to say any-
thing more on the subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want to say a word or
two.
31
