1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
48a
not be well located anywhere, for they follow the
buffalo. . •
The Indian department here, with as full a
knowledge of the circumstances of the Indians
there as it could obtain, proposed to Texas to
cede a portion of territory on which to settle
these Indians, and put them to agricultural pur-
suits. The Legislature of the State of Texas
responded to tnat requisition, and set aside a
certain quantity of land, and the agent was then
directed to collect these tribes togeuier as well as
he could, and settle them down upon this land.
The first appropriation was the sum of $85,000,
to cover it, and, considering the discordant mate-
rials of the Indians which had to be operated
upon, it was an economical appropriation.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Was that the year
before last, or last year?
Mr. RUSK. Two years ago. This is the
third appropriation. The agent estimated for a
larger amount; but as we were beginning a policy
which, from my knowledge of the Indians, I
believed would, if properly carried out, be ben-
eficial, and,'in fact, the only one for our security
and the prevention of the extermination of the
Indians, l thought it was better to begin on a
moderate scale. Some of these Indians — the
Caddoes and Delawares—had habits of agricul-
tural life. The Camanches had not such habits.
They were a roaming band. Three years ago,
before the policy was adopted by Texas, I saw
the Camanches. I made a trip through their
country, and saw nearly all of them. I talked
to them; and many of the bands which I met
with were almost in a starving condition.^ The
buffalo every year go further north; and in the
range where the Camanches ten years ago used
to find plenty of buffalo, they find none now.
The result is, that at particular seasons of the
year they are in a starving condition. Two or
three of the bands were in that condition when
I met them. They were eating their mules.
They must bo very far pressed when they use
their horses and mules for provision. I talked
to them about this policy. The warriors and
young men did not listen to me. The old men
and women and children saicTthey were anxious
for it. They had visited the Caddo settlements,
which were then near our frontier; and they said
they desired to get to some place where they
could raise something to cat, and live upon; that
they were hauled about from Texas to the Rocky
Mountains, and half the time wore starved to
death; and, as I saw, in camp they do all the
Work. The young men io nothing. They
make the women and old men do all the labor
about the camp, and everything of that sort.
This policy was adopted, and an appropriation
of $8;>,000 made, and an agent in whom I have
the utmost confidence appointed. I believe he is
an honest man. I think the policy will depend
a great deal upon the character of the agent who
carries it out. It will be a good one if you have
a firm, honest, and upright man to superintend it
on the ground. By a very bad man it can be
made, as I am sorry to say most of the Indian
operations have been made, a means of specula-
tion off the Government. That has been the dif-
ficulty in our Indian relations. In my judgment
most of the trouble has grown out of that. We
had three temporary agents appointed, and one
superintendent. I saw there was a necessity for
ahead, and I got a regulation from the Depart-
ment that one of them, in whom I had unlimited
confidence, a man of great discretion and firm-
ness, and as honest a man as I know of, Major
Neighbors, a man thoroughly acquainted with
the Indians, who had fought with them, made
peace with them, and knew them very well, Ca-
manches and all, should be superintendent.
As soon as the appropriation was made he
went on the ground, collected the Delawares,
some few Shawnees who were there, and the
Caddoes, and settled them down on the conces-
sion which had been made by the State of Texas.
He then went down and saw some of the Ca-
manches, and a portion of them came into the
reservation. The year before last they made a
pretty good crop, considering all circumstances.
Take all the Indians together, the crop which
they made was extraordinarily good; in fact it
went beyond my expectations. I have not ex-
amined the report made here. I suppose that
shows what I state, but I, know the facts from
other sources. I am alluding to the year before
last.
Last year a considerable number of the Ca-
manches, with their families, came in and settled.
They went on very well, put a good deal of land
into cultivation, and were getting on satisfacto-
rily. The old men and women and children were
learning to work alongside the Caddoes, who un-
derstand raising corn and taking care of stock.
They have an idea of raising stock among them,
and I presume would have made a very excellent
crop last year, but there happened to be a drouth
that cut it short. I imagine that not more than
$50,000 of this appropriation would have been
needed if there had been a good crop; but it was
a year of drouth, and the crop was cut short.
These 'reservations have been very beneficial.
They have protected one whole section of the
State. There have been no depredations in their
neighborhood. Several circumstances have trans-
pired there to show, I think, that it is a good
policy. Some of the wild tribes came in and
made depredations, but the Caddoes and others
followed them out, and killed the whole party.
They are located some distance from me; and I
have not seen them since they have been on the
reservation; but I understand, they are working
well.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Does the honor-
able Senator know the number that have been
collected and located ?
Mr. RUSK. I do not; and I suppose it is
somewhat difficult to ascertain the precise num-
ber. I expect there are twenty-five hundred there
now from what I have heard. There was not
that number the last time I heard from them, but
they were coming in, as they naturally will. At
certain seasons of the year, when they get into a
starving condition, they will listen to their friends
who arc better provided foi, and will join them.
The Camanches room over all your passway
to the Pacific ocean. They are not very honest,
and are not much inclined to be peaceable and
quiet. They are disposed to steal. They re-
gard it as a great accomplishment. If you throw
out to them, besides that, the temptation of hun-
ger, they will be certain to steal. I believe the
white man would steal rather than perish. I
have seen a camp of the Camanches almost in a
starving condition. It is said that many times
they do starve to death for want of provision.
They roam about, but those who come there and
settle down on the reservation are contented.
I think this appropriation is an economical
one. I believe it saves four times the amount
you would have to expend, in a military point of
view, to prevent depredations. I believe it is a
merciful policy towards the Indians, because you
must either let them starve or kill them, or teach
them to take care of themselves. So far as this
appropriation for Texas is concerned, I regard it
not only as economical, but I consider the Gov-
ernment committed to it. It has made the prom-
ise to these Indians. Suppose you refuse the
appropriation now, what will be the result ? In
the first place you show them that the Govern-
ment is not acting in good faith. They were
brought there under a promise of the agents of
the Government that they would be fed until they
could provide for themselves, and learn to pursue
agricultural labor. Now, if you cut off the ap-
propriation, and turn them loose, they will say
the Government has acted falsely and with bad
faith. What will be the result? You turn them
loose on our whole frontier and exasperate them.
Even the kind treatment you have extended here-
tofore would exasperate them much more when
it is cut off, and cut off in the face of the promise
made to them.
As to other Indians I cannot speak of this
policy except from hearsay. I do notknow how
the policy has succeeded m other sections of the
country.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The reason I made
the inquiry was, that I considered it necessary
we should have specific information as to the
progress of this policy in Texas, and everywhere
else. These appropriations will grow to be
annual; they must be renewed from year to year,
and it is important to see that they are properly
applied. I concur in many sentiments expressed
by the honorable Senator from Texas. This,
perhaps, may be the most economical mode of
suppressing hostilities on the frontier of Texas.
It would form a protection to the border settle-
ments of Texas. In that point of view I can'
readily see that this expenditure, if it were used
properly and judiciously and economically by
faithful agents, might be of immense importance.;
but if it is to be distributed merely as an auxil-
iary i or distributed to supply the want of industry,
or the indolenthabits of the Indians who go there
merely for the purpose of receiving this subsist-
ence from the Government, it must grow in the
end to be an enormous abuse. But I submit to
the opinion of the honorable Senator from Texas
on this question. He states that this policy is
an economical one, and that it has been of great
advantage. It is true he is not able to state the
numberof the Indians on the reservations. I have
heard it stated that the number was much smaller
than two thousand five hundred. I can readily
conceive that a much smaller number could be
aerly subsisted at a large expense, with a view
eir efforts and uses in preventing the incur-
sions of the wild Indians, but I think we ought
to have more specific information hereafter in
regard to these appropriations. Every one can
see that it will be difficult to withhold them or
reduce them, at all events, from the amounts
heretofore appropriated. Yet we have no specific
or authentic information as to the number of
Indians settled there, or as to the extent to which
they have probably prevented the incursions of
wild Indians. I shall make no objection to this
appropriation.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. This subject has always
been of great importance, and of the most pro-
found interest to the Government of this country
—1 mean the subject of Indian affairs; and if any
system is to be fairly and accurately judged by its
results, all things tend to condemn the system
which we have established in regard to the man-
agement of the Indians. There is not a single
particular in winch it has accomplished the ends
proposed by the good and wise men who have
legislated on this subject. The benevolence of
Congress towards this race of beings is undoubted.
I think all their legislation marks it. Here they
have been thought kindly of; here they have,
as we supposed, been kindly provided for; but I
say the results of all our conduct show that we
have mistaken the true mode of civilizing or colo-
nizing these tribes in reservations of land.
I.do not stand up here to propose or point out
any different mode that I suppose will be more
effectual; but the expense of our Indian depart-
ment has become such that there is a demand on
us in the discharge of our duty to look into it,
and sec if some more economical system cannot
be adopted. When I look over the appropriations
here proposed, and see the magnitude of them, I
do not know how, injustice to the people of the
United States, I can vote for this bill. On the
other hand we have become so entangled by
treaties and bargains, and alliances of some sort
or other, that it is impossible to vote against
them without violating the pledged faith of the
Government; and yet we are going on to multiply
these entanglements, to multiply these expenses,
and where it is to end 1 do not know.
From a paltry sum the amount expended on
Indian affairs has risen to an amount greater than
that expended by this Government at its origin.
General Washington in his administration did
not spend as much money on Indian affairs,
American affairs, and foreign affairs, as we now
expefld on the Indian affairs of the Government.
The public expenditure on this subject has in-
creased to a degree that demands some reduction.
What good have we accomplished ? We have
bought lands and we have removed savages from
one savage region to another. That is all the
permanent good we have done. The money given
has operated like occasional charity—unproduc-
tive and thriftless charity. We have bestowed
with an unwise prodigality. It has not benefited
the Indians. It has wronged our own people. It
is time there should be a remedy.
I think the Committee on Indian Affairs have
a great burden and agreat responsibility on them.
They understand the subject. Scarcely any radi-
cal alteration can be made that will not be an
amendment is almost certain, yet we have no now
scheme. Year after year passes by, and not an
anpropriation bill comes before us that we are not
almost all shocked at the enormity of the appro-
priation for Indian affairs; yet the first step, so
