484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
far as I know, has not been taken to apply a radi-
cat remedy to this growing and apparently per-
manent evil. It is time we had done something
of" a reforming character, both as regards our own
Treasury and as regards the well-being of the
Indians themselves. I see here in the amend-
ments, which, under a sort of necessity, the Com-
mittee on Finance of this body have been obliged
to propose for the Tei;iitory of Oregon, more
than $300,000 appropriated for Indian affairs.
I see, in respect to the Territory of Washing-
ton, more than $300,000 appropriated for Indian
affairs. These are all Territories lying, as we all
know, on the Pacific, a great distance off. Six
hundred thousand dollars is to be appropriated
for Washington and Oregon Territories for Indian
affairs, and, as I understand, for the. balance of
this year, which is to end the 30th of June, 1857.
How much does the government of all the
white people require? How much does the gov-
ernment of our own fellow-citizens there cost?
Not one fifth part of what the Indian affairs cost
us in Oregon and Washington. Does not the
very statement of such a fact demonstrate that our
administration there, our legislation in respect to
that people, is unwise, and ought to be changed
for something better; and if nothing better can
be found, ought to be abandoned, and let the
white man and the red man struggle for subsist-
ence and struggle for possession. It is pretty
much that any way. What was the cost of In-
dian affairs in Kentucky, and Tennessee, and
Olno ?
Mr. RUSK. A vast amount of blood.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not know that
they are any the worse for that. It makes our
people. Are you to take a savage from the
chase, which is an amusement, which is idle-
ness, with the object of turning him to industry?
For that, I would expend almost any sum. I
foel the inmost benevolence towards them. I feel
that one of the great national burdens which
nature and necessity have put upon us, is to take
enre of and foster the race which we have tram-
pled upon and broken to pieces. There is hardly
any sum of money that I would not expend if I
could bo sure thai, by the policy by which I
expended it, I could make a civilized man and
un agiicultiuist of this hunter and wanderer of
the forest.
But what progress do we make ? In despite of
tis, above and beyond all our policy, those who
have lived long in the vicinity of white men have
learned something, and begun to give some signs
of an agricultural character, and n better state of
things for which we are struggling. What is
your policy? As the chairman of the Committee
on Finance has well observed, one plain and pal-
pable source of this prodigal expenditure is, that
every agent considers himself a sort of plenipo-
tentiary representative of the United States, and
ia anxious to signalize himself in treaty-making.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Will the Senator allow
roe to interrupt him? I had not thought it neces-
wary to correct a misapprehension under which
the Senator from Virginia evidently labored when
he made that statement to the Senate, m attempt-
ing to point out the evil of increased Indian
expenditures, which he is.pleased to ascribe to
mismanagement; but when I see that the Senator
from Kentucky is following him in that miscon-
ception ot the true cause, I think it but due to
the facts of history, and probably to the nfcmner
in which the Committee on Indian Affairs of the
>Seimte have discharged their duty, to corrcct that
misapprehension,
Those Senators will, therefore, allow mo to say
mat there has not been fur years, according to
my own personal cognizance and knowledge, a
solitary Indian treaty ratified which has not Leon
express!}- authorized by the chief of the depart-
ment at Washington. Not only is that the case,
but tile Commissioner of Indian Affairs or the
Secretary of the Interior never regards himself
Hi authorized to make any treaty for the purchase
or acquisition of territory without its having been
.,j-nressly sanctioned by the law-making power
in d'j vjM-p, by an appropriation to defray the ex-
'penses of ij;.e negotiation. The evils to which
the gentlemen iuti.de are to ho ascribed to causes
which am heymn our control. It is very true
that the expenditures of 'Ji,c Indian department
have grown to enormous magnitu.de, and to an
alarming extent; but Senators seem to forget that
it is easier to complain of the defects and imper-
fections of a system than to point out the reme-
dies by which they can be corrected. It is true
sixty or seventy years ago but a small expendi-
ture was incurred in the management of our In-
dian relations; and it is because we had then but.
few Indian relations.
In 1848 we added, absolutely, by war and the
acquisition of our arms, an empire to the coun-
try. Who expects that we are to remain station-
ary—that our Indian relations are not to expand
—that its expenses are not to grow and increase
with the magnitude of our country ? I venture
the assertion, sir, that if you once commence that
kind of analysis, and that kind of comparison,
you will find that, in proportion to the magnitude
and extent of the territorial possessions of the
United States at this time, the expenditures of
that department have not increased more rapidly
than the expenditures of the Army and Navy,
and every other department of the Government.
The evil to which the Senator alludes—that of the
multiplication of the exercise of the treaty-making
power—has, by the exercise of the authority of
the Indian Committee, been suppressed long since;
and I believe, for the last year or two, there has
not been a treaty made either in Utah, New Mex-
ico, California, Washington, or Oregon.
Mr RUSK. Several have been rejected.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Senator from Texas,
who is more accurate on that point than myself,
reminds me that some twenty or thirty were made
and suppressed in the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs because they looked like enlarging a cor-
rupting, a defective, and a rotten system.
Mr. HUNTER. Have not treaties been sent
here which were made without instructions by
the superintendent of Oregon, and by Governor
Stevens?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. All of them have been
rejected by the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
never reported. There is not now a binding
treaty on the Government in the Territory of
Washington, and but some two or three treaties,
made under the orders of General Lane, at the
conclusion of the Rogue River war, in Oregon—
treaties of pacification. There is not a binding
treaty oil this Government in the Territory of
New Mexico, or ill Utah, or in California.
Mr. IIUNTER. Let me ask another question.
In consequence of that, have not these agents
stated that, unless the treaties so made were rati-
fied, there would be difficulties with the Indians ?
Has not that furnished an inducement, sometimes
almost a necessity, on the part of the committee,
to recommend the ratification of treaties which
otherwise would have been rejected?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. That was the case in the
treaties made under the auspices of General Lane,
at the conclusion of the Rogue River war.
Mr. HUNTER. Were there notsome treaties
made by Superintendent Palmer?
Mr. SIORASTIAN. Some were made by
Palmer, but were never ratified. That treaties
were made, by which the expectations of the
Indians were raised, for the receipt of annuities
and presents, which have not been fulfilled, has
been urged since the commencement of the diffi-
culties in Oregon and Washington as the reason
why the war there originated; and that I suppose
the Senator from Virginia will probably be able
to state as one of the reasons for the extraor-
dinary pxiienditures required in those Territories.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall be able to show the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
before we have finished the consideration of this
bill, that some appropriations are here in conse-
quence of treaties never authorized to be made;
but we are obliged to pay something for the pur-
pose of satisfying the Indians.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I cer-
tainly did not intend, by the allusion which I
made to the Committee on Indian Affairs, to cast
any censure or blame on them. My object was
to summon their serious and earnest attention to
this whole subject, to see if, by their knowledge
and experience, they could makeoutsoroe reforms
in this system, or some radical change in this
system itself, by which the country and the
Indians might be benefited,
l| I think the chairman of that committee will not
contradict me when I say that these appropria-
tions have been increasing on us until they amount
to millions, and that they have done little or no
good. 1 have long learned, and learned here, sir,
to look upon all this negotiation of treaties, and
all this treaty making with the Indians, as the
veriest mockery that ever was exhibited in the'
affairs of State. It is all a mere mockery. Your
treaties are but a changed and altered form of
legislation for them. They are subordinate na-
tions under our protection. They are reduced1
now to diminished tribes, to scattered tribes, to
wretched tribes. We had better, I believe, at
once lay aside all this mockery of treating with
the Indians, and legislate for them; it amounts to
that, We shall then know what wc are doing.
The Indians will know what we are doing. We
can do that honestly. We can in that way ex-
tend to them a policy as generous as that mis-
erable policy by which we now hunt them down,
then collect them together in treaty-making par-
ties, and, after the intoxication and dissipation of
a few days, for a blanket or two, or a gun or so,
get them to signatreaty. You get from them,not
unfrequently by imposition and fraud, that which
you could more honorably obtain by a fair, open,
avowed assumption of government over them.
Somehow or other we must get out of the system
which we are now pursuing. It has done no good.
It has defeated the hopes of the philanthropic and
wisest of our legislators. It is a difficult subject
undoubtedly. Wc have not pursued the right
policy; and when I say this I fully appreciate the
remarks of the honorable Senator from Arkansas,
who says it is much easier to find fault than to
correct it. So it is; but difficult as is the task,
perhaps it is a practicable one.
If the gentleman will turn back some fifteen or
twenty years, he will find, session after session,
presented by a venerable Senator who once occu-
pied a place here—Hugh L. White, of the State
of Tennessee—a new scheme of policy on this
subject—one which shows fully the great intelli-
gence of his mind and the benevolence of his char-
acter—utterly unlike your present system. Well
would it have been for Congress and the country,
and better still for the poor Indian, if his policy
had been adopted. There are some foot-printa
on the subject thatjnight lead the committee to
reflection and examination, and better results,
peihaps, than Judge White himself, then at the
head of the Committee on Indian Affairs, attained.
We must get out of this policy.
I hardly know how to vote for the proposed
appropriation of $330,000 for the unfinished por-
tion of the fiscal year,of 1857, to each of the Ter-
ritories on the Pacific—$660,000 to those Terri-
tories, when there are not probably $50,000
expended in the whole government of the white
people there. Sir, there must have been treaties,
many treaties. It is unnecessary to investigate
how they are brought about in such rapid succes-
sion for lands that we do not want. If nothing
else will do, let us adopt a resolution requesting
the President of the United States to negotiate no
more treaties for the acquisition of lands until
they be suggested by Congress. That there have
been contracts for the purchase of lands in Oregon
and Washington we know, for here we are appro-
priating §150,000, amongst other things, in one
particular, for removing the Indians to their res-
ervations. What reservations ? Reservations cre-
ated by the treaties of cession which they have
made with us.
I did not intend to go into this subject at large,
or even as largely as I have done. It is one of
illimitable interest and of unlimited consequence,
not only so far as the safety of your own Treas-
ury is concerned, but so far as the obligations of
humanity are concerned. Our whole considera-
tion of the subject for years has been nothing
more lior less than to ratify this or that treaty,
and we have done it, mi til we have become debt-
ors to ihe poor savages to an enormous amount.
Ill the Territory of Washington, you have, I
presume, about ten thousand or fifteen thousand
white inhabitants.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Not half that num-
ber, I suppose.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It is a vast Territory
with not quite ten thousand inhabitants. You
are expending in about half a year, or at any rate
in the year beginning the 1st of July, 1856, and
ending the 30th of June, 1857, §300,000 on Indian
affairs there. At a sightless, and let me add an
irresponsible distance from you, this money is
expended. How is all Government money
