1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
expended at such a distance from supervision,
with whatever caution the officer here may act ?
1.intend to make no personal impeachment of the
character of these men; what I say, I say from
my knowledge of the character of mankind at
laro-e, and the general principles of human action.
What have you a right to expect in the expendi-
tures of money in such amounts at so great a
distance'? You have no right to expect anything
else than what all agree is to be anticipated as
the general consequence of such a state of things.
Sir, as I said before, I did not intend to occupy
your attention as long as I have done. My sole
object is to call theattention of the Senate to this
subject. We consider it only periodically. It
is only now and then that the attention of the
Senate is earnestly called to it. Every day brings
forth a treaty here and there, and, according to
the representation of agents and others, if we do
not ratify this treaty we shall have an Indian
war; it is absolutelv necessary to the peace of
the neighborhood tliat it should be done. We
act on such statements and ratify these treaties.
If the Secretary of th  Interior or the President
orders it, he acts on the same sort of information
as we do; and so we go on plunging deeper and
deeper into the errors of our administration and
policy in regard to the Indians.
I shall feel myself possibly constrained to vote
for these appropriations. I vote for them as
frightful amounts. 1 vote for them with reluc-
tance. If I can bring myself to vote for them at
all, it is because we cannot suddenly and by a
refusal of these appropriations violate the treaties
we have made. But I trusi to the intelligence of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, in whicli 1 have
much confidence, to devise a remedy. They can-
not do it at this session; but I trust they will
regard the subject as one of national importance;
that they will look to it at an early period here-
after; and that we shall be favored with some-
thing which we may adopt that will save us from
the consequences which have attended our pres-
ent policy.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, the condition of the
Indian, and the fulfillment of our duty towards
him, is the great moral problem ot the day for
the American people. It has been a great moral
problem since the Pilgrims landed on the rock of
Plymouth, and I believe it is a moral problem
that will not be solved to the last day of the
existence of this race. The difficulty lies in the
nature of things. A civilized are pressing on an
uncivilized people. The difficulty with an unciv-
ilized people is, that they will not merge with the
others, nor adopt their habits, and be able to take
care of themselves. The radical difficulty in ihe
mannersof the Indians which has met usateveiy
step is, that it is dishonorable for an Indian te
work. There are but two things that an Indian
can honorably do; one is to hunt, the other to go
to war. Originally they could not work at all,
and would not work, and to this day they do not
wish to work. They are fortified in this delusion
by that natural nis inertia which seems to belong
to all uncivilized people; they can die; they know
how to die; but they will not work, and you
cannot teach them to work until you essentially
change their habits.
Prom the time our forefathers lanried, they
tried to do something with the Indians. The
question was, shall we put them in reservations;
s)iall we incorporate them; or shall they be driven
before the great advancing tide of civilization?
They would not, they could not", merge with us.
You undertook to educate Indian children. You
took Indian young men, and put them to school.
Some were sent to some of the best schools in
the Senator's own State of Kentucky. After you
taught the Indian our arts, what were you to do
with him? He could do nothing here; and he
could not go back to his nation, for he had lost
the habits of his countrymen; he could not hunt;
he had ceased to be an Indian, and was not a
white man. Then they resorted to the great
Indian remedy, in all cases, whisky, whisky. I
once saw a venerable Indian chieftain, eighty
years of age, a chief of the Pottiwotamie tribe
of Indians. He came to me at the head of his
tribe, when I was making a treaty, and asked
me for whisky. I said, " No; I have driven the
bung into the barrel, and I will not give you
any." What did he say, before all his people?
" Why, "says he," we do not care for the money,
nor the goods, nor the land; it is the whisky that
we want; give us whisky." So it has operated,
and so it will operate, I am afraid, as long as wo
are in contact with them, and our people have the
power.
Now, what shall wo do with them? You can-
not amalgamate them with our people.. You put
them on reservations. When our treaties were
much less numerous and our progress much more
slow than it is now, a reservation remained on
our frontier for some time untouched; it was not
surrounded by a compact white settlement; and
the Indians could remain there and settle, and
have their hunting-grounds to go to; and their
women, during the short summer months, could
go to a little place where there was a spring, and
put up their bark houses and make a kind of vil-
lage, and there they would raise a little corn, and
eat it before it was dry. That was their occu-
pation. Then they could go to their hunting-
grounds. The habits of the Indians have been
very much mistaken. Every Indian family of a
tribe in the Northwest had its peculiar hunting-
ground; and there they used to go every winter
and bring back furs, and sell them to the traders,
and got the articles they want. That is the way
they formerly lived. But the moment your re-
serves are surrounded by white people, the In-
dians can no longer hunt, and they must either
starve or depend on your assistance or be driven
to work, which all experience shows they will
not do.
There are cases with some of the southwestern
tribes where the result has been more successful.
The difference between these Indians and others
I do not know precisely, and never did; I never
heard it explained. The nature of the country
is more favorable to them; but they have made,
from whatever cause, greater progress than the
northwestern Indians. I know hardly any con-
siderable band of Indians that has received any
benefit of consequence from our efforts. We
have made every effort, and made it honestly,
but I do not know, except in a few solitary in-
stances, of a favorable result. Some of the better
informed Indians have purchased tracts of land
and become citizens; and if we can only induce
them to do that to any considerable extent, a rem-
nant of them will bo saved. I believe it is the best
process to save them. That, however, is an oper-
ation for individuals. You cannot control them;
you cannot interfere with their lands in the re-
spective States. You cannot give to their lands
a different tenure from other people's property.
If you prevented them from selling their lands,
your action would be illegal in the States. If
you allowed them, with certain conditions, to
have control of their property, it would go the
next day. The Indian never thinks of to-mor-
row; it is a word not to be found m his vocabu-
lary. He is as improvident as the animals by
whom he is surrounded. If he has abundance
he cats abundantly; if he has little, he eats but
little. As I before stated, he knows how to starve
and how to die; but he does not know how to
create and preserve. These are the radical moral
vices of his constitution.
The acquaintance of my honorable friend from
Kentucky with Indians is, to say the least, greater
than my own. A great deal that he has said
finds a response in my own heart. He, however,
like the Senator from Virginia, attributed a great
deal of this system to the making of treaties by
Indian agents. It is but us the small dust m the
balance. The idea of making treaties by Indian
superintendents and agents was a thing utterly
unheard of a few years ago. There was no law
against it, but it was not attempted, no more than
a Minister to Europe would attempt to make a
treaty without instructions. Extraordinary cases
may have occurred in which it was done, but I
do not recollect one, and I ought to know them
if they did exist. More recently, I know of no
such cases, except some treaties made on the
Pacific coast, which were rejected by the Senate.
I think there is a positive law now prohibiting
the making of an Indian treaty except by virtue
of an appropriation". The difficulty, however,
is not there. The honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky suggests that we sl-ould pass a resolution
instructing the President not to make treaties for
the extinguishment ofthe Indian title. Why, sir,
the difficulty on this point arises out of the ever-
lasting propensity of the American people to
acquire land from one ocean to the other. You
cannot help it. It is not in huma#, nature to*
help it. It is not in the power of this Govern-
ment, or of any Government—the stroiigeSt arwl
hardest ever instituted, to stop the progress of
the American people. The land will pe drfr'Sj
and the question for us, as moral aiid accountable'
beings, is, what is the best we can do for the
Indians? The day was, Mr. President, when
you had a vast Indian territory" at the West—
when you could stand on the summit of the AHe-
ghanies, and look over one of the most fertile and
extensive regions covered by a primitive forest,
the home of the Indians. Things have altogether
clfttnged since that time. The land has gone from
them—it has come to us. The Indian then could
go West and find his own tribe, or a cognate tribe
among whom he could live. He cannot do it
now. The white man is pressing on him—and
what is he to do ?
Our duties are increased, and the expenditures
are necessarily increased, and in a prodigiously
rapid ratio. You have put these Indians on res-
ervations. Will you let them starve ? They did
not go there; you put them there; it is your pol-
icy—I may say, indeed, the inevitable tendency
of things, which puts them there; but then com- •
mence your duties. You must not sit down and
count every item of cost, and say we have just so
much from the Indian, and we will give him just
so much, though even in that point of view, aUow
me to say, there is a most tremendous balance
against you.
I repeat, sir, our expenditures increase becauso
our duties increase. The moral obligation is on
us. The question comes back to the heart of
every Senator: what are you going to do with
these people ? You will not give them back their
land; you will not let them retain what they have
got. You know they are pressed by such cir-
cumstances as induce an improvident people to
yield to them.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky pro-
poses that the Government should legislate with
regard to them, and make no treaties. The same
idea has occurred to me, and I have noticed it in
some publication. It has its advantages, but I
think it is too late to begin that. We havemado
too many treaties; the Indians are too often on
our statute-book as co-contracting parties; and it
is difficult now to change the system. Certainly
it cannot bo done suddenly. It involves import-
ant constitutional questions. The policy sug-
gested by the honorable Senator from Kentucky
is that which was pursued by the French Gov-
ernment. They never made a treaty with the
Indians. When the French Government wanted
to establish a post in the interior, the command-
ing officer collected the Indians and said, " Your
great father across the ocean wants so much
land; it is his; he gives you these presents for
it," and that was all there was of the matter.
The English, until lately, had no treaties with
them. Although our treatment of the Indians
is a constant subject of reproach against us in
the English periodicals, the fact is, that for the
territory which they obtained from the Indians
they have never paid one tenth as much as we
have. So it is in New South Wales, and in the
islands of the Pacific ocean, where they have
taken the land of the savages.
There are difficulties at all points of the case.
I concur with my friend from Kentucky that,
although our Indian treaties are callcd treaties
between contracting parties, they are after all but
the white man's treaty, and necessarily this must
be so in the nature ofthe case. You cannot help
it; but it is the duty of the Government, and a
duty pressing itself more and more on the Amer-
ican people, to have the treaties more and more
favorable, and for this reason your expenditures
increase.
The simple question under these circumstances
is, what are you going to do? You cannot drive
these people much further. There is no reser-
vation, except the vast ocean in front of them, to
which you can resort. There is a vast territory
this side ofthe Rocky Mountains uninhabitable,
to which you cannot send them. The buffalo
range, as my honorable friend from Texas has
said, is as periodical as the production of wheat.
I The buffalo follow the seasons from south to
I north. They are the traveling harvest of the
! Indian, as the shoals of fish are the traveling
