1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
of abuse to their fountain source; there is more
reason than that suggested by the honorable
Senator from Kentucky, as far as he went. The
evil is, as suggested by the honorable Senator
from Michigan, in the passion of the white people
for land, and in the disposition of Congress and
the Government of the United States to second
and support it, instead of exercising proper prin-
ciples of real philanthropy, patriotism, and justice
in resisting it. The great fault is that wo do not
stand up here to stem this tide, which seems to
be regardless and reckless among a considerable
portion of men on our frontier, who cannot be
expected, without the rigorous exercise of au-
thority, to refrain from fomenting Indian dis-
turbances unnecessarily, in order to compel the
Indians to take refuge in the still interior and
barren regions to the east of them.
I appeal to the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia whethet he is satisfied that these appropria-
tions ought to be made to the extent he proposes.
Prom the information I have, it seems to me that"
they will only contribute to swell the torrent of
expenditures, and increase the abuses which have
lea to it. If Congress would supporttheExecutive
Government in the rigorous maintenance of our
intercourse laws, and the observance of justice
and forbearance on the borders, it would proba-
bly defeat all the abuses, or at least greatly dimin-
ish them.
Mr. HALE. I wish to ask a single question,
and perhaps the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, or on Military Affairs, can answer it.
I find by the eleventh section of the act of the
18th of August, 1856, that the Secretary of War
was directed to examine the amount of expenses
necessarily incurred in the suppression of Indian
hostilities in the late Indian war in Oregon and
Washington, for the maintenance of volunteer
forces engaged in said war, including pay of vol-
unteers, and might, if in his judgment it were
necessary, direct a commission of three to ascer-
tain and report to him the expenses incurred for
these purposes. Has anything been done under
that act ? -
Mr. HUNTER. I am not certain. I think
there is a commission out there.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. With the permission of
the Senator from Virginia, I will favor the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire with the information
which he seeks. The commission is now being
executed by the President. He has sent commis-
sioners to these Territories, who are ascertaining
the expenses that were incurred. The duties of
the commission not having been yet executed,
of course we have no information of the extent;
but the appropriations brought forward here, I
understand, are in the prosecution of a pacific
system, adapted to the Indian department, and
not for hostilities. They have nothing to do with
war expenses; the war expenses proper, of
course, are embraced in the Army bill. At the
last session of Congress, it will be remembered
by some Senators, an appropriation of $175,000
was intrusted to the Indian department, to be
employed in the use of pacific means for the sup-
pression of hostilities; in other words, for main-
taining friendship with those tribes, then friends,
Who had not broken out into open hostilities.
The plan, in detail, was simply to collect them
on reservations and feed them, as an inducement
to keep them from joining hostile parties. Most
of these expenses, I understand, were incurred
in that way in the pacific part of our Indian rela-
tions intrusted to the Indian department as con-
tradistinguished from active hostilities under the
War Department. I think that probably affords
an explanation of the extraordinary magnitude
of these appropriations in the Indian appropri-
ation bill. I learn from a very authentic source,
that Governor Stevens, as superintendent of In-
dian affairs, has probably, for the last twelve or
eighteen months, kept collected on reserves, to
which the Indians were transported at great
expense, some five or seven thousand Indians,
who in that way were prevented from joining the
liostiles in Washington Territory.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Where does my
friend get that information?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I learn it informally from
the Delegate from Washington Territory.
Mr. HALE. I have not much to say on this
bill; but it strikes me as exceedingly extraordi-
nary that after the Indian bill has gone through
the ordeal of the House of Representatives and
they have passed upon the estimates wanted by
the Department, we are here asked, by an amend-
ment, to give a million of dollars in addition.
The amendments recommended by the Committee
on Finance amount to over a million of dollars.
Mr. HUNTER. I will explain to the Senator
that the letters from the agents on the Pacific
coast, on which the estimate was founded, did not
come on until afterwards.
Mr. HALE. My remarks are rather general
at this moment. They propose $329,000 for the
Territory of Washington, and $363,000 for the
Territory of Oregon, in addition to the regular
appropriations made by the House of Represent-
atives, and in addition to the regular war appro-
priations. There is an extraordinary addition
by that amendment of a million of dollars. I
shall vote against the whole of it, until I get
some more information than I now have. There
are some facts, however, in relation to the war in
Oregon and Washington, that I want to look at
and inform myself about. I refer more particu-
larly to the statement made by General Wool.
According to the impression I have of this Indian
war—and my impressions were obtained from
perusing the communications of the commanding
officer—I would rather vote money to aid the
Indians to put down the whites. I do not wish
to make a speech, or occupy time; but, as we
cannot get a vote to-day, and the hour of adjourn-
ment has arrived, I would move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. I propose to the Senator,
unless he desiie to speak, to let us go on until
four o'clock. That will give us a quarter of an
hour; but if lie desires to speak 1 will agree to
adjourn
Mi- HALE. Twill never ask Ihe Senate to
adjourn to allow me to make a speech. I wish to
make a few remarks, but there are some sources
of information which 1 have not by me. I wish
to read General Wool's statement.
Mr. HUNTER. Very well.
Onmotion of Mr. HALE, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 27, 1857.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer by
Rev. Stephen P. Hill, Chaplain of the Senate.
The J ournal of yesterday was readand approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of House bill No.
G08.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary of
the Treasury on the expediency of establishing
a light-boat or light-house at the marshes at the
head of Pamlico Sound; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a communication from the Postmaster
General, transmitting a list of clerks and other
persons employed in the Post Office Department
in the year 1856; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to he printed.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the con-
sent of the House to make one or two reports
from the Committee of Ways and Means before
the commencement of the morning hour. It will
take but a few moments to dispose of them.
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall not object fo that,
but 1 ask the gentleman whether it would not bo
betterfor the morning hour to be appropriated to
receivnig reports from committees ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I think not.
Mr. HOUSTON. The morning hour, it seems
to me, had better be appropriated to receiving
reports from committees. The bill to which the
Speaker directed the attention of the House can-
not be gone into, as I understand it, until the last
letter of the Committee of Ways and Means is
replied to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I would acquaint
the gentleman from Alabama that one of tne re-
ports is the tariff bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to the
reports at all.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The majority
of the Committee of Ways and Means made a
report last session on the subject of the tariff;
That committee has, pursuant to a notice which
1 have given the House, perfected the bill, so far
as their action is concerned. As it is the special
order, I ask that it.may be printed, and referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
It was so ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I would simply
say, for the information of the House, that this
bill changes the system so as to reduce directly
the revenue about $14,000,000.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have been di-
rected by the committee to report back House bill
No. 607, with amendments of the Senate, and
with a recommendation that the House concur in
the amendments of the Senate. It is the consular
and diplomatic appropriation bill. The commit-
tee have unanimously agreed to recommend the
House to concur in all the amendments of the
Senate. I ask the previous question.
The amendments of the Senate were reported.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I hone the gentleman
from Ohio will withdraw the call for the previous
question until I make a word of explanation.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I know the mat-
ter to which the gentleman wishes to speak, and
as it has been settled after discussion, 1 am un-
willing to reopen that discussion at this time, and
therefore decline to withdraw the call for the
previous question.
Mr. II. MARSHALL. Then I insist that as
the bill makes'an appropriation it must have ita
first, consideration in the Committee of the Whole
on the slate of the Union. I have a right to in-
sist that it shall go there.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The gentleman
had that right, hut he waived it; and the bill is
now properly before the House for its action.
The SPEAKER. Unanimous consent was
only given to the gentleman to report£he bill
from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. If the gentleman will
not extend the courtesy to me to make a few
remarks in explanation of one of the Senate's
amendments, then I insist that the bill shall be
sent to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, where I can make the explanation
I desire without favor from the gentleman from
Ohio.
The SPEAKER. The hill and amendments
must go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I withdraw the
demand for the previous question, provided the
gentleman will renew it when he has concluded
what he has to say.
Mr. STANTON. Will it be too late to object
to action on the bill when the gentleman from
Kentucky has made his explanation ? Unless I
have opportunity to offer an amendment, I shall
renew the objection just made.
The SPEAKER, The bill makes an appro-
priation, and the Chair is of opinion that, unless
there be unanimous consent for action on it at
this time, it, must be sent to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STEPHENS. I object.
Mr. CAMPBI5LL, of Ohio, moved that the
bill and amendments of the Senate be referred to
the Committee of the Whole oil the state of the
Union, and that the amendments be ordered to be
printed; and on that motion demanded the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and being put,
the motion was agreed to.
REPORT OF JAPAN EXPEDITION.
Mr. NICHOLS, from the Committee on Print-
ing, in response to a resolution of the House
passed yesterday, made the following report:
The Joint Committee on Printing: on the part of tho
I]ou- c, to whom it was referred to ascertain and report to
lite House the reasons why the full number of the tirst vol-
ume ot Commodore Perry's Expedition to Japan, published
by order ot the House, have been distributed to only a por-
tion ot'its members report—
That the full number to which each member and delegate
of this House is entitled is forty-one copies ; and that this
number has already been distributed to many ot the mem-
beis of the House, and the residue are ready for delivery
at the folding-room. The delay in the delivery of the first
volume of the Japan Expedition lias been caused by the
