493
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 27,
necessity for tbe immediate delivery of the current docu-
ments of this session.
The report was laid oil the table.
JVfr. BROOM asked the unanimous consent of
the House for leave to introduce a bill to provide
for the settlement of the claims of certain officers
and soldiers of the war of the Revolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had examined,
and found truly enrolled, an act for the relief of
Charlotte Turner; when the Speaker signed the
same.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House that leave be
franted for the withdrawal from the files of the
louse of the papers in the case of Simon Miles.
They are before the Committee on the Judiciary.
The object for the withdrawal is that they may
be referred to the Land Office.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not object, if it is
understood that copies of the papers are to be
left with the Clerk.
Mr. LAKE. I have been instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to ask that that com-
mitiee be discharged from the further considera-
tion of that case.
The SPEAKER stated that leave would be
granted for the withdrawal of the papers specified,
copies being left with the Clerk, if there was no
objection.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
DISBURSEMENT OF CONGRESSIONAL CON-
TINGENT FUND.
The House then proceeded to consider a bill
to regulate the disbursement of the contingent
expenses of Congress, repotted from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means with an amendment;
the pending question being on a motion to recom-
mit said bill to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The bill was read, as follows:
He it enactetl by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jimcrica mi Congress assembled, That
aJl moneys appropriated for the contingent expenses of the
Senate or IIouso of Representative shall be distmi&eri by
the Secretary of the Senate mid Cleik of the House, re-
spectively, upon accounts which shall have been examined
and Approved by the committees appointed for such pnrpo-ie
by the respective Houses, and certified by the chairman
of such committee,and not otherwise ; and such account*,
when so appiovert and certified, shall be admitted and pushed
by the accounting office re of the Treasury.
The Committee of Ways and Means propose
to report the following amendment:
Add at the end of the bill the following:
And it snail be the duty of the accounting officers of the
Treasury to settle the said accounts of the Secretary of the
Senate and of the Cierk of the House of Representatives,
respectively, at the end of each and every session.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, the
bill which has just been read is short, and appears
very plain and simple in its provisions. There
seems to be but one provision in the bill, and
thai is, that the accounts passed upon and directed
to be paid out of the contingent fund of the
Houseby your Committee on Accounts, shall be
conclusive upon the accounting officers of the
Treasury, with whom the Clerk is required to
settle his accounts. Sir, is there any necessity
for such an act ? It is right, I think, that before
we legislate and pass a law there should be some
necessity for that law. What is the necessity in
this case? Have the accounting officers of the
Treasury ever rejected or refused to pass an ac-
count ordered by your Committee on Accounts to
be paid by your Clerk? If,sir,such an account
in the hands of the Clerk of this House has ever
been rejected by the accounting officers of the
Ticasury, i have yet to learn that fact. Then,
if there lias been no case in which he has refused
to give credit to the vouchers, why pass this bill?
The necessity for this act does not arise from
a refusal to pass vouchers certified by your Com-
mittee on Accounts. No, sir; it is higher than,
and goes behind that, and it is a question raised
between the accounting officer and this House,
which this law cannot reach until the people shall
revise the organic law. Whatis it,sir? The Con-
stitution of the United Slates provides m explicit
terms that no money shall be drawn from the
Treasury bu£ in consequence of appropriations
made by law. The founders of our Government
were wise and honest men. They understood
what they battled for during the seven years' Rev-
olution, out of which they had recently emerged
when engaged in framing our Constitution. They
wisely divided the powers of the Government into
three branches — the executive, legislative, and
judicial — assigning to each of those branches
their appropriate functions m the discharge of
their duties. Here, in the Congress of the United
States alone, can money be appropriated out of
the Treasury. The executive officers have the
custody of that Treasury, and they are sworn not
only to support the Constitution of the United
States, as the members of Congress are, but they
are also sworn to execute the laws. Sir, we can
pass a law in Congress, but the executive officers
are to judge whether we have appropriated the
money or not, and the true question here is, and
which has given rise to the "bill under consider-
ation, and to its supposed necessity, not the
rejection of vouchers, but whether Congress has
made an appropriation for the benefit of certain
persons, for which appropriation your Clerk
made a requisition upon the Treasury of the
United Status. The accounting officer of the
Treasury says no such appropriation was made
as was asked for by the requisition; and as there
was no appropriation for that purpose, he there-
fore satd, "I cannot fill your requisition in the
absence of law, and in violation of that provision
of the Constitution which provides that no money
shall be drawn from the Treasury but in conse-
quence of appropriations made by law."
Now, sir, in order to understand this case, it
will be best, perhaps, to go back a few years, and
see what has been the legislation and the practice
upon this subject of extra compensation to em-
ployes of the legislative branch of the Govern-
ment. Let us go back to the memorable contest
of 1840, when the country was arrayed into two
patties—the Democratic and the Whig parties—
and when the Whig party came out of that con-
test victorious. What was the attack then made
upon the Democratic party, which had adminis-
tered the Government for twelve successive years?
What was the main point of attack? It was for
extravagance and profligacy m the use of the
public moneys by the dominant party during the
prrcedingtwelve years. The people decided that
issue against the Democratic party, and in favor
of their adversaries, the Whig party.
What did the Whig party do when they came
into this House at the next Congress after that
victory? One of the first things they did was to
appoint a special committee, for the purpose of
investigating and reporting to the House of Rep-
resentatives how many persons were employed
about the Hall of the House of Representatives
under its authority, what their compensation
was, and if there were any, and if so, how many
there were, whose services could be dispensed
with, and the aggregate expenditure for such
services. At the head of that committee was a
distinguished gentleman from the State of Vir-
ginia, Mr. Summers. The report of that com-
mittee recommended that there should be one
clerk at a salary of $3,000; one assistant at #1,800;
eight other assistants at $1,500; one Sergeant-at-
Arms at §1,500; one Doorkeeper at $1,500; one
Postmaster at §1,500; one draughtsman at $1,500;
three messengers in the Clerk's office; one laborer
in the Clerk's office; ten messengers for the House;
two laborers for the House, four messengers for
the post office; eight pages for the House; one
Commissioner of Public Buildings; five watch-
men; one attendant on the furnaces; one gardener,
and twelve gardener's laborers. These were the
officers of the House with their salaries annexed.
Then, sir, having adopted this report, and fixed
the salaries, a rule of this House—the 150th—was
adopted:
" That no extra compensation shall be allowed to any
otticer or messenger, page 01 laborer, ur othei poibon in the
seivice of the FIou -e. or engaged in or about the public
grounds or buddings."
That is the 150th rule of the House adopted
on this report on the 8th of March, 1842. And,
sir, they do not stop here. At the same Congress
a law was passed, that no officer in any branch
of the public service, or any other person whose
i salary, pay, or emoluments is or are fixed by law
or regulation, shall receive any additional pay,
extra allowance, or compensation, in any form
whatever, for the disbursement of public money,
or for any other service or duty whatsoever,
unless the same shall be authorized by law, and
the appropriation therefor explicitly set forth that
it is for such additional pay, extra allowance, or
compensation. That Congress, I believe, adhered
to and observed the provisions of this rule and
this law; but when the next Congress came -here
they got clear of the rule by suspending it, and
in disregard of that law, which, as I understand,
still stands unrepealed on the statute-book, an
extra-compensation resolution was adopted, giv-
ing to the officers and assistants whose salaries
were $1,500 a year and upwards twenty percent,
on their salaries, being an addition of $300 to
salaries of $1,500, and an addition of $600 to
salaries of $3,000; to messengers, whose com-
pensation was two or two and a half dollars a
day, an extra compensation of $250; and to pages,
. $200 extra.
Resolutions for extra compensation passed at
each succeeding session of Congress until 1854.
I will not stop here to inquire at length how these
resolutions were passed. Did they come here in
the ordinary course of business, when we could
have an opportunity of discussing them, and as-
signing the reasons for our votes? No, sir, they
were introduced towards the close of your ses-
sion, when almost everything of importance is
crowded into the last few days. There is a rule
of the House, which provides that there shall be
no restaurant or-places for the sale of liquor about
this part of the building, and yet, in violation of
that rule, there are tables kept here, spread sump-
tuously with meat and drink, in committee rooms,
furnished and paid for by these clerks, officers,
messengers, pages, and other employes of the
House who receive this extra compensation,
where members are feasted, without cost to them-
selves, during the last days of the session; and
under the excitement the rules are suspended
some evening, and these resolutions are hastened
through, and extra compensation voted. Well,
sir, this was the practice up to 1854; and in 1854
Congress again attempted to put an end to this
thing of extra compensation. And how did they
do it? By the following law:
"That the offieeis, clerks, messengers, and other em-
ployes in the legislative department of the Government
shall receive an increased compensation of twenty per
cent, on the compensation now received by them lespect-
ively; and the messengers of the House of Representatives
shall not receive less than is allowed to mcs&ongeis of the
Senate of the same class, such increased compensation to
comrnehce from the 1st day of July. 1853; and that a sum
sufficient to pay the same* up to the 30th of June, 2855, is
hereby appropriated out of any money m the Treasury not
otherwise appropnatcd ; Provided, That no person whoso
compensation was increased by the act approved Apul 22,
18") }, frhall be benefited by tins' joint resolution : Jlnd pro-
vided f urther, That the usual extra compensation shall not
hereafter be allowed to any person receiving the benefit of
this joint resolution."
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. What is the date of
that ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Twentieth of July,
1854.
This resolution is peculiarly worded — "that
the usual extra compensation shall not hereafter
be allowed to any person receiving; the •benefit
of this joint resolution"—peculiarly worded, so
as to allow a part of those who had heretofore
received this extra compensation to come in and
refuse to avail themselves of its provisions.
When the increase given by this twenty percent,
was more than or equal to the amount usually
received for extra compensation, they received
the increase; when it would give less than the
extra compensation they declined to receive it.
Thus the messengers got $250, and the pages got
$200 extra compensation, which was more than
twenty per cent, on their compensation, and con-
sequently\hey declined the increase or to take the
benefits of this law; and at the same session at
which that was passed, an extra-compensation
resolution was also passed to give the extra com-
pensation to those who would not receive the
benefits of that joint resolution. This last-men-
tioned resoluti' did not give extra compensation
to the Clerk of the House. It did not give it to
the assistants. It did not give it to the officers
who, under the joint resolution, had received a
permanent increase to their salaries.
Thus the thing stood in that, the Thirty-Third
Congress. It went on so till near the close of the
