1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
first session of the present Congress; and what
do we find then ? We then find that this House,
after having been here nearly nine months, saying
nothing by its committees, or in any other way,
as to the changing the compensation of its officers
and employes, adopted on the 15th of August, but
three days before it was to adjourn, this resolu-
tion:
" Resolved, That the Clerk is directed to pay out of the
contingent fund of the House the usual extra compensation
to that class of employes who received the same at the last
Congress.''
That far it does not conflict with this law of
20th July, 1854; and the accounting officers of
the Treasury signed a requisition for paying that
amount of money under the law. But here is the
second branch which has given rise to this bill:
" And to the other employes of the House respectively,
including those employed in the office of the Superintend-
ent ot Public Printing, an amounteqiml tu twenty per cent,
on the atinual compensation : Provided, Tins resolution
shall not be construed to include the public printer."
This is the second branch or member for which
the accounting officer of the Treasury refused to
sign a requisition. Who did the House mean
by the term "the other employes?" Did they
mean to give $720 to the Clerk, whose annual
compensation is now $3,COO ? Did they intend
to give it to his two principal assistant clerks,
whose compensation is by law $2,160 each?
Did they intend to give it to your Postmaster,
to your Sergeant-at-Arms, to your Doorkeeper,
the salary of each of whom is now fixed by law
at $2,160,' Did they intend to give it to the
clerks of this House, whose annual compensation
is $1,800? If they did, why did they not pass
a law,and say so? Then there would have been
no difficulty; there would have been no conflict
between the House and any accounting officer of
this Government.
But, sir, it is conceded, I believe, even by those
who claim, under that resolution, that if there
had been no subsequent action—if Congress itself
had not acted on it, the Clerk of this House would
not have been authorized, under that bare reso-
lution of this House, to pay that extra compen-
sation, because the law of 1854 provides that they
who have received the benefit of that joint reso-
lution shall not hereafter receive this extra com-
pensation. Then, if they could not be paid in that
way, how do they claim it? Was the Clerk of
this House authorized, under that bare resolu-
tion, and in the face of the joint resolution of 20th
July, 1854, to take from the contingent fund $720,
and put it in his pocket, and to pay twenty per
cent, on the salaries of all these otherofficers and
employes who had received the benefit of this
joint resolution of 1854 ? There was, in the gen-
eral appropriation bill, this provision:
" To enable tile Clerk of the House of Representatives
to pay the additional compensation to its employes and
others, authorized by the resolution of the llou--e of Rep-
resentatives of August 15, 1H36, a sum sufficient for that
purpose is hereby appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and is heieby added
to the contingent fund of the House of Representatives."
Here, sir, is an indefinite appropriation made
for the contingent expenses of this House. To
whom is the money to go? To such persons ns
the Clerk of this House is authorized, by the
resolution of August 157 1856, to pay that extra
compensation. The Senate and the President of
the United States, in their approval of it, did
nothing more, as I conceive, than to furnish the
money to pay those whom the Clerk was author-
ized to pay under the resolution of August 15,
1856; and by doing that, I hold that they did not
intend that it should repeal or come into conflict
with the act of 1854. How was this provision
enacted into law? By another violation of the
rules of this House ? Did it ever go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
X think not. How did it get into this law? Why,
sir, when a committee of conference was ap-
pointed by the two Houses on the disagreeing
• votes between them on the appropriation bill
embracing this provision, they, without having
jurisdiction of the question, although it was not
referred to them, when it was not one of the dis-
agreeing votes between the two Houses, brought
it in here; and then, without going to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
where the rules require that it should have gone,
it was passed under the operation of the previous
question; and,sir,it is on this very question that
this ease has arisen.
After the adoption of that resolution by the
House and the passage of this appropriation, the
Clerk of this House made a requisition on the
Treasury for money to pay under this resolution.
The accounting officer of the Treasury said that
there were two branches to the resolution, one of
which embraced those he was ready to acknowl-
edge were entitled to that extra compensation;
and he called on the Clerk to know to whom he
intended to pay under the other branch. When
he was informed that it was to that class of offi-
cers and employes precluded by the law of 1854,
he, as I think he was bound to do, so long as he
regarded his honesty, his integrity, and his oath,
refused to sign the requisition. Can we pass a
law here saying that the accounting officers of the
Treasury shall sign requisitions, and pay money
upon the requisitions of these or any other offi-
cers ? No, sir; and it was under the law of 1854
that the Comptroller of the Treasury refused to
sign that requisition.
Now, I am aware that there are some very
learned and experienced lawyers who are going
to argue this question upon the other side. They
may refer to precedents and to former practices;
but I say to them that I have no regard for pre-
cedents any further than I am satisfied that the
precedent was right at the time it was adopted.
Wow, one ground upon which this bill maybe
attempted to be supported is, that the Secretary
of the Treasury rested his approval of the decis-
ion of (he Comptroller upon the act of July 26,
1842. When he was asked where the act was,
it turned out in fact an act of August 23, 1842;
and at another time—in the course of his corre-
spondence with I he committee—he referred to an
act of 1852, prohibiting extra compensation, but
which, it turned out, hud been repealed—perhaps
at the same session. But, sir, the Comptroller of
the Treasury never rested his decision either upon
the act of 1842, or upon any supposed act of
1852. He rested his decision upon the act of
1854, fixing the compensation of the employes of
this House and the other branch of Congress.
Another point may be made. " Well, Mr.
Comptroller, how is it that you have paid extra
compensation under similar resolutions of this
House, when the act of 1842 was staring you in
the face?" Why, sir, he paid it upon the old
doctrine of precedent and practice. When he
came into office, and when the present head of
the Treasury Department came into the office
which he now occupies, it was the practice to
pay out of the Treasury under such resolutions
as that of the House adopted August 15, 1856,
in disregard of the law of 1842. They found that
that law had became obsolete by practice, and
therefore, lawyers as they all are, and bound by
precedents and practice, they paid the money
upon the strength of that former practice. But
when Congress had come forward and said that
they would correct that practice, that they would
pass this law of 1854, and reenact substantially
the law of 1842, the Comptroller of the Treasury,
as X think he was bound to do, refused to sign the
requisition.
I think myself that the proper mode is for
Congress by law to fix the compensation of those
whom they employ, and then make appropria-
tions to meet such compensation. Whenever it
is ascertained that the compensation is not ade-
quate for the services required, the power lies in
Congress to pass a law for an increase thereof,
and then an appropriation to pay it can be made
by law. But, sir, I would submit to tile House,
in their calmer and more deliberate moments,
whether the compensation of any presentemploye
of this House is inadequate? What are their
duties and services here? Why, sir, in a Con-
gress of two years' duration, they are employed
upon an average a little more than twelve months.
The Clerk has an annual salary of $3,600; two
assistant clerks, $2,1G0 each; seven other clerks,
l,800eaeh. Your Sergeant-at-Arms, Postmaster,
and Doorkeeper, whose salaries were hut $1,500
a few years ago, now receive each $2,160 a year.
Go into the offices of this House, and you will
see that they have nearly become sinecures, j
They hold the offices, but have others to do the
work. Look at the Clerk's office, where the
report made in 1842 provided for eight clerks, at
$1,500 a year; you now have seven at $1,800,
and two at still higher salaries. Then, sir, a
messenger, at two dollars a day, has grown and
magnified into a clerk to take charge of the sta-
tionery, at a salary of $1,800 a year—how, I
know not, whether under the action of the Com-
mittee on Accounts, or of, the Speaker, or'of the
Clerk—he has now fitted up a fancy store, "with
show cases, in which fancy articles are exhibited
for sale to the members of this House. [Laugh-
ter.]
Again, sir, up to a few years ago, within my
recollection, you had a messenger in charge of
the House library receiving $2 50 a day during
the session, and now you have a Librarian at
$1,800 a year, and no discount when Congress is
not in session; and he has a messenger to attend
to the orders of members for books and docu-
ments. And then, sir, go down to where the
documents are folded. But a few years ago you
had a messenger there to attend to that business.
Now it has grown into a department, with a
superintendent at a salary of $1,800, with clerks
and messengers,,jmd with books regularly opened
and kept as in some large commission or business
house in one of your importing cities—with some
forty, fifty, or sixty- messengers, folders, and
employes, each of whom, under these annual-
compensation resolutions, receive two hundred
and fifty or two hundred dollars extra.
Then look in and around this Hall. Yt>u have
two Doorkeepers there, as you go to tl>o_ post
office. I believe there are generally two stationed
there—two big, stout, able-bodied men—ono to
pull one half oY the door open, and one to pull the
other half open. [Laughter.] Go to that other
door, leading to the rooms of the Speaker and
Sergeimt-at-Zlrms. There are two more stout,
able-bodied men, each to open one half of the
door—not, it would seem to me, to determine who
are entitled, and to admit those who have access
to this Hall, but to let in everybody that comes
and asks admission. And at the center door, the
Lord knows how many able-bodied doorkeepers
are there, for I have never been able to asceitain.
[Renewed laughter.] Then back of the ^Speaker's
chair you have two or three messengers, to told
papers for members while the House is in session;
and to each door leading to the lady's gallery
you have one or more messengers stationed, all
m the receipt of this $250 each, extra, under these
compensation resolutions.
Two other messengers, from a per diem compen-
sation of $2 50 each, have grown, in a few years,
one to a clerk in charge of books to members,
and the other into a reading clerk—at salaries of
$1,800.
Then look into the office of the Sergeant-at-
Arms, where you see that officer with a salary of
$2,100, a clerk whose annual compensauon is
$1,800—who draws the checks for the members'
pay and keeps the books of the office—a messen-
ger with a fixed salary of $1,200, to go to the
Treasury, get the money, and bring it here for the
members, and in addition a page at two doll <?s per
day, to wait oil the head of the office, I suppose,
who is pretty well relieved from all duty or ser-
vice, except that of receiving his salary, and an
occasional summons or arrest of an absent mem-
ber or recusant witness; for each summons or
arrest, I believe he receives a fee of two dollars,
and mileage if out of the city, or at least traveling
expenses.
in the House post office similar provision has
been made in the we.y of increasing compensa-
tion. As already stated, the salary of the House
Postmaster has been increased from $1,500 to
$2,160; and the five or six messengers m his
office, whose compensation four or five years ago
was but $2 50 a day, and that during the sessions
of Congress, if 1 mistake not, have now a per-
manent and fixed salary of $1,440 per annum.
All are interested in the passage of these extra
compensation resolutions, passed in disregard of
the express rules of the House, and in violation
of positive law. Since my service commenced
here, the Sergeant-at-Arms attended to the duties
of the office in person. He drew the drafts for
the members' pay, and kept the books, and had
a messenger to go after money.
Thus, sir, you have increased the number anu
compensation of your employes; and I suppose
that, if this law pass, we are to have another
extra compensation resolution for the^ benefit of
the whole of them at the close of this session.
I would ask my friends to pause, and to consider
what they are doing. It is made the duty of
