404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
your controiling and accounting officer to execute
the law, and to scrutinize every act and every
requisition for money on the Treasury of the
United States, and see that it is clear and certain,
that it is law, and that he is authorized to pay
the money required.
Now, what is the proper mode of action if the
Comptroller has done wrong, or if the accounting
officers have fallen into an error? It does not
seem to me that this is such an error as should
be rebuked by the Congress of the United States;
but, sir, it is one rather to be commended. Con-
gress has the power to remove all the doubts of
the Comptroller. You can just as easily pass a
law increasing the salaries of your clerks and
officers and all the employes of the House to the
amount of twenty per cent., or to fifty or one
hundred per cent., specifying what it is, and say-
ing that money for that purpose is appropriated
out of the Treasury to pay it. Do so, and there
will be no question about the payment. If you
■will fix the salary of your Cleric at $50,000, and
so place it on the statute-book, my word for it,
that when an appropriation is made, and the
requisition sent to the Treasury Department, it
•will be paid without any trouble. But what is
to be the effect of this bill? As I said before,
there has not been a case which I am aware of
within the whole history of the Government,,
where any accounting; officer has refused or re-
jected the Clerk's voucher when certified by the
Committee on Accounts.
Again, sir, this thing of paying the regular
compensation of your Clerk ana your officers, is
not a contingency. A contingency of the House
is such a thing as cannot be foreseen—as cannot
be specifically appropriated for in terms when you
are making the appropriations. For instance:
contingencies are for the repair of desks and
chairs; for taking up the carpets; perhaps for
supplying their places with others at long ses-
sions; for clerks to your committees for a limited
time; for the expenses attending oil your investi-
gating committees ;«nd for a thousand other tilings
which cannot be enumerated—which cannot be
foreseen.
But here we have offices established by law,
and we can provide for the payment of their in-
cumbents by law. Will it he contended by
gentlemen oil tins floor, that this House can, by
a simple resolution, increase the compensation of
the President, of all the heads of Departments,
and of all the officers, civil, military, naval, anil
diplomatic, and can then pay tlie increased com-
pensation out of the contingent fund of the House ?
Now,it, so happens that this resolution of tin.115th
of August, 1851), is not confined to the officers
and employes of this House, but includes " those
employed 111 the office of the Superintendent of
Public Printing." Now, the Superintendent of
Public Printing is an officer of the Government,
and not of the House. His office is created by
law. His salary is fixed by law at §2,500 a
year; and he is appointed by the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
Then, if you can give extra compensation under
the resolution of the House to persons in that
office, where, I ask, is the limit to prevent you
from applying the principle to every other office
in the country ? If the salary of these officers is
not sufficient, increase it by law. I say here,
that I believe the compensations of the officers
and employes about this House are as good as,
or better, perhaps, than those paid for similar
services m any other branch of the Government.
Your clerks here have #1,800 a year. That is
what you give your fourth class (highest grade)
clerks m the Executive Departments in this city-
men who are required to be at their duties all the
year round. But if Congress will determine that
their compensation is not enough, let it be fixed
by law; and I, for one, whatever may be my opin-
ion about the law, will vote the appropriation
to pay it, no matter at what figure Congress may
fix it.
Rut, sir, there is an amendment proposed to
the bill, which does not amount to much. From
March until noxt December the Clerk could not
settle his accounts at all, because there would
be no Committee on Accounts to certify to his
bursements. None, sir. What is to be the effect?
The House may get some sort of an indefinite
.appropriation for the contingent fund of the
House. My friend from Virginia [Mr. Lktciier]
has an amendment to mo ve, that nothing in this act
shall be construed to authorize payment for any
books. The members compensation bill of last
session provides that such books heretofore fur-
nished to members shall hereafter, when ordered,
be paid out of the compensation to^members. But
this bill provides that the certificate of your Com-
mittee on Accounts shall be conclusive on these
very accounting officers. Then, sir, suppose you
pass another resolution and get into your contin-
gent fund some money, without saying one word
about books; your Clerk makes a requisition on
the Secretsry of the Treasury for the contingent
expenses of the House; he sends him $20,000; the
Clerk takes it and pays for books for members;
the Committee on^ Accounts certify that it has
been paid under the resolution of the House; the
Auditor's office of the Treasury will, under this
law, be bound to give him credit for it. He
may draw another $20,000,get similar vouchers,
and, in obedience to the resolution of the House,
get credit for its expenditure; and so on until,
under that indefinite appropriation for the con-
tingent fund, your compensation law is defeated,
so far as the provision in reference to books is
concerned.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not place this ques-
tion, and the passage of this bill, on the Comp-
troller as a man. f believe he is an honest man.
Though he differs with me in politics in toto, still
I believe he is an honest man. I believe lie is a
faithful officer, and endeavors always to discharge
his duties. If he has erred in this case, which I
do not believe, then he has erred on the right side.
And I would ask those upon whom similar duties
may devolve in a short time, to reflect what they
will do in the event of the passage of this law.
When the Senate of the United States adjourned
on Sunday, the 4tli of March, 1849, went to their
quarters in this city, and assembled the next day
to witness the inauguration and confirm tlie nom-
inations of General Taylor, they took constructive
mileage for that extra session. The Secretary
of the Senate paid that constructive mileage.
The Comptroller now arraigned here refused to
pay that money. He refused to give credit to
the Secretary for having paid that mileage, as
lie conceived without law, and in violation of it;
and the Secretary never did get his accounts set-
tled until 1850, when the question came up here.
They then forced on an appropriation bill this
provision:
" The eortificato* which have been ormay be granted by
the Piosiding Ollloers of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentative*, respecting the amount of compensation due to
the niembcis of their several Houses, and to such dele-
gates, a e and ought to be deemed, hukl,ami taken, and are
hereby declared to be conclusive on tlie Departments and
oflieeis of tue Government of the United States."
Congress passed that into law. Now, sir, if
you should certify that there were $50,000 due to
a member of this House, then the comptrolling
officer of the Treasury, in obedience to that law,
would have to give credit for it when it was paid.
He is not allowed by that law to go back and see
whether there is any law to authorize it. And
if this bill pass, it will be liable to the same ob-
jection. If you pass this bill, the Clerk will
make a requisition; he will get the money, and
pay it out to those whom the accounting officers
believe arc not entitled to it; yet they will have
to give him credit for it. Now, sir, let us pre-
serve the law. If you did intend to increase this
pay, substitute for this act another saying that
you intended to include the clerks, the officers,
and other employes of the legislative depart-
ment. When you shall have passed that law,
there will be no doubt or difficulty in granting the
requisition, and settling the accounts paid, out in
pursuance of such a law.*
* Note by Mi. JONES, of Tennessee.
Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, in reply to the foregoing remarks,
ref'eired to the resolution of the House,28th of Julv, 1854,
increasing the compensation of Thomas J. Gait, supeiin-
tendentofthefoldmg-ioom ; and also toanotherresolution
of the House adopted on the same day, increasing the com-
pensation of Samuel H. Lambom, supciintendeiit of tlie
House document room, adopted affpr the passage of the
law of July 20, 18.j4. These resolutions did not provide the
"usual extra compensation," but made a permanent increase
to the salaries ot these two superintendents; nor had either
of them lcccived the twenty per cent, provided by the law
or joint resolution of July 20, 1854, and therefore did not
conflict with its piovisions.
Mr. Cobb also referred to the fact <( that this Congress,
at the commencement of the last session, passed a resolu-
tion of a similar character." That was for the benefit of
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, obtained the floor.
Mr. CRAIGE. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. CRATGE. I move, then, that the House
proceed to the consideration of the business on
the Speaker's table.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I submit that the gen-
tleman cannot take the floor from me for that
purpose.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My colleague has the right
to interrupt the gentleman and make the motion
he has submitted, when the morning hour has
expired.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I call for the reading
of the rule.
The SPEAKER. It is the 27th rule, and is as
follows:
"After an hour shall have been devoted to reports from
committees and resolutions, it shall be in order, pending the
consideration or discussion theieof, to entertain a motion
that the House shall now proceed to dispose of the business
on the Speaker's table, and to the orders of the day."
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. The language of the
rule is different from what I supposed it was. I
appeal to the gentleman from North Carolina and
to the House—to their sense of justice and pro-
priety, whether they will not, after my friend
from Tennessee has consumed an hour in attack-
ing the bill, allow me the short time I expect to
speak to reply to him. If the gentleman insists
on his motion, I appeal to the House to vote it
down, so that I may reply to the gentleman from
Tennessee. When I have finished what I have
to say, I shall have no objection to the House
resolving itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. CLINGMA N. If this question goes over,
the gentleman will have the floor when its con-
sideration is resumed to-morrow. I desire that
no more than one hour shall be devoted to the
morning business.
Mr. CRAIGE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, in order to take up the special order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope the ,gen-
tleman will withdraw that motion, as there are
some bills upon the Speaker's table relating to
the District of Columbia, which ought to be taken
up and referred.
Mr. CRAIGE. I cannot withdraw it.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. We will vote it down.
Mr. CRAIGE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was then taken upon the motion
that the House proceed to the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table; and it was de-
cided in the negative.
Mr. LETCHER. Before the gentleman from
Georgia proceeds, I desire his permission to read
a proviso which I intend to offer, to come in at
the end of the bill. It is as follows:
Provided, That no addition shall be made to the number
of officers or employes of the House without the authority
of the House being first had by its legitimate action.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I ha.ve not very much
Colonel John W.Forney, Clerk of the Thirty-Thud Con-
gress, and who presided over the House from December
3,1855, to February 2,1856, during the contest for Speaker.
Colonel Forney had, so far as I know, discharged the del-
icate, responsible, and arduous duties of his position to
the entire satisfaction of all, without exception; and all
w^re willing to remunerate him. That content ended, tlie
House adopted the following:
" Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
of tlie House to John W. Forney, late Clerk, in addition to
the salary allowed by Jaw, eight dollars per diem, for the
additional services performed by him from the 3d day of
Decemher, J8o5, to the 4th day of February, 1856."
Tins resolution was intended to compensate Colonel
Forney for the arduous labors he perfoimed for two months
in presiding over the members of the House. Itis clear and
specific as to the person to be benefited, the amount to be
paid, and the reasons why it should be paid. This resolution
did not provide for paying the "usual extra compensation"
to one of the employes of the House. The last proviso to
the joint resolution of July 20,1854, is as follows: " And
provided further, That the usual extra compensation shall
not hereafter be allowed to any person receiving the benefit
of this joint resolution." So it is clear that the lesolution
of the House directing the additional eight dollars a day to
be paid to Colonel Forney was not a violation of the joint
resolution of July 20, 1854, and cannot be used even as a
precedent, much less to prove a want of consistency in the
First Comptroller. Jt was a contingency which it was
impossible to foresee, and which it is to be hoped will never
occur again.
