1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
495
to say in reference to this bill; bat what I have
to say I propose to address to the House, in order
that they may act upon this bill in reference to
the true question involved in it. I have listened
■with interest, J may say with pleasure, to a large
portion of the speech of my friend from Tennes-
see; and I agree most fully and cordially with
more than two thirds of that speech. Therefore
the House will notexpect me to reply to the argu-
ments which he has made upon those branches
of the question where we agree.
• Let us understand clearly and distinctly the
issue presented by this bill, in order that, in
voting for or against it, we may pass judgment
upon the bill, and not upon other questions. My
friend from Tennessee has endeavored to show
that, under the existing law, it is wrong for this
House to pass a resolution giving extra compen-
sation to its clerks or other employe's; and the
burden of his argument was to sustain that prop-
osition. I concur with hitfi most fully and cor-
dially. I have voted, on all occasions, against
this extra compensation. I think the House
ought not to adopt such resolutions. I think,
■with my friend from Tennessee, that you ought
to fix by law the compensation of your officers;
and that those engaged in duties about this and
the Senate Chambers ought, like all other officers
of the Government, to receive the compensation
provided for by law—no more, no less.
Then, sir, the House will see that it does not
devolve upon me to meet the argument of my
friend from Tennessee upon that point. He says
that the difficulty which gave rise to this bill
originated in one of these resolutions. That may
be so, and before I proceed to argue what I con-
ceive to be the bill before the House, I will dis-
pose of that branch of the argument, for I do not
fully concur with the gentleman in his views upon
that subject. The House passed a resolution
giving extra compensation to the employes about
the House. If the quebtion had stopped there,
much of the argument made by my friend would
have been applicable to the case. Hut the House
subsequently, in conjunction with the Senate and
the Executive Department, passed a law. One
law is as binding as another. If one law pre-
vented extra compensation being voted the em-
ployes of the House, the powei- which passed
that law, being Congress and the Executive,
could pass another law which would repeal by its
provisions the first law, and authorize the pay-
ment; and accordingly, this amount, which was
voted by resolution, and which, perhaps, might
not, and ought not to have been paid under the
provisions of that resolution, was expressly pro-
vided for in the act of the 30th of June, 1856,
which made an indefinite appropriation to enable
the Clerk of the House to pay the additional
compensation to its employes and others, author-
ized by the resolution of August 15, 1856:
" A sum sufficient for that puipose is hereby appropriated
out of any money in the Treasuiy riot otherwise appropri-
ated, and is iiereby added to the contingent fund of the
-House of Representatives."
I say that under that act, passed witli all the
formality of the former joint resolutions and acts
of Congress, they were entitled, as a legal ques-
tion, to receive this additional compensation.
Now, sir, I am not disposed to make any issue
•here with this Comptroller of the Treasury; but
•lie is mistaken when he alleges, or those who
defend his course are mistaken when they allege,
"that this is the first case which has been presented
to him under the act of 1854. Numerous claims
have been paid under the provisions of the act to
which my friend from Tennessee referred. But
Jhe says that this Comptroller paid them on
account of precedents which bad existed, but that
ivhen the act of 20th July, 1854, was passed, the
Comptroller ceased to pay these resolutions giving
•extra compensation. But the gentleman will find,
'by turning to tin; Journals of this House and to
the accounts of your Clerk, that on the 28th of
July, immediately after the passage of this act,
;the Clerk of this House was directed, by a reso-
lution, to pay to Thomas J. Gait, superintendent
'of the folding room, the same salary as was paid j
to the Librarian of the House, to commence on ,
the 1st day of July, 1853. On the same day I
another resolution was passed directing the Clerk |
of this House to pay to Samuel H. Lamborn, :
superintendent of the House document room, the j
same per diem compensation as was then paid to 1
the messenger of the Speaker, commencing at the
commencement of that Congress, and to continue
till otherwise ordeVfed by the House. The amounts
ordered by those resolutions have been paid in
the teeth of the law of the 20th of July, 1854,
under which the Comptroller refuses to pay the
present claim of the clerks under the resolution of
this Congress.
In addition to that, this Congress, at the com-
mencement of last session, passed a resolution
of a similar character. You will recollect that
we were some time in organizing the House.
The Clerk of the House discharged his duties
with so much ability and fairness, and so satis-
factorily to the House, that they voted him addi-
tional compensation for those services; and that
additional compensation was allowed and paid
by this Comptroller, in the teeth of the law of
the 20th of July, 1854, under which he now jus-
tifies himself in refusing to-pay this claim.
I say, therefore, that this is not the first case that
has arisen. "Why it is that eiie construction now
put by the Comptroller on his duties is made to
apply, not to a resolution passed by the House,
but to an act passed by Congress to carry out the
provisions of that resolution, when he has allowed
the compensation heretofore under that simple
resolution, is for the Comptroller and his friends
to explain. I confess I cannot understand it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the per-
mission of the gentleman from Georgia, I will
say that I fancy he will find, on examination, that
Mr. Gait, who was in charge of the folding-room,
and Mr. Lamborn, who was messenger in charge
of the document room, were not beneficiaries
under the joint resolution of 1854; that tliey did
not receive the benefit of it; and, consequently,
that that case does not apply.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. What lias my friend
to say to the last case—that of Colonel Forney,
the Clerk of the House? He occupied the same
position which the present Cleik of the House
occupies. [Mr. Jones made no response.] Now,
sir, 1 want full justice done to this Comptroller.
I believe ho has been a faithful, capable, and effi-
cient officer of the Government. But when he
manifests so great an anxiety on the subject, and
takes upon himself to lecture this House, not only
in regard to its action in providing payment for its
own officers, but in regard to your providing com-
pensation for yourselves, I think that the House
of Representatives has not yet sunk so low that
a member of the House may not be permitted to
review the action of tiie First Comptroller of the
Treasury.
Now, sir, this disposes of the able argument
of my friend from Tennessee; because I agree
with him in most of his remarks. I say with
him, "let these resolutions for extra compensa-
tion cease; let these resolutions for distribution
of books cease. Vote yourselves the salary to
which you think yourselves entitled; vote your
employes the salaries to which they are entitled;
and let the law stand, and be executed and en-
forced." I stand with him up to that point of
his argument.
But the gentleman proceeds one step further;
and there we differ, and differ widely. What is
this bill which has given rise to this long review
of the action of the House on this subject? Is
there one word in it in reference to extra com-
pensation ? Is there one word m it in reference
to the employes of the House? I beg, Mr.
Speaker, to read the short and simple provision
of this bill, in order that I may bring to the mind
of the House clearly and distinctly my reasons
for giving it my cordial support:
The bill, as we propose to pass it, provides:
That al! moneys appropriated forthe contingent expenses
01 the Senate or House ot Representatives, shall he disbursed
by the Sncretaty of the Senate ami Clerk of the Uou«o
respectively, on accounts wlnchshail have been examined
and approved by the committee appointed for such purpose
by the respective House , and certified by the chauman of
such committee, and not otherwise : and such accounts,
when so approved and certified, shall be admitted and
passed by the accounting officers of the Treasury.
The simple provision of the bill is, that the
House and Senate shall have the entire and abso-
lute control over the disbursement of their con-
tingent funds. It does provide for this in all its
length and breadth—nothing more, nothing less.
I stand here to justify that provision. My friend
j speaks of money coming out of the Treasury;
I that it cannot be drawn out cxcept by appropri-
ation of law; and that this bill interferes with
that, if we restrict the power of the CotoptroUer.
Your contingent fund is drawn out of the Treaa-
ury by your general appropriation bill, and is
placed in the hands and keeping of the House
of Representatives. It is out of the Treasury,.
Now, if that is wrong, abolish the system whieii
has existed from the beginning of the Govern*
ment, and no longer allow either House the
use of a contingent fund. But if it is right to
draw out of the Treasury a certain amount of
money to be set apart as a contingent fund for
the House of Representatives, the question then
arises, who shall disburse it, and who shall be
responsible to the country for its disbursement?
I say—the bill says—the Committee of Ways
and Means, who reported it, say—that the fund
should be disbursed by the House, and that the
House should be responsible for its distribution.
My friend from Tennessee says the contingent
fund should be disbursed by the two Houses,
subject to the approval of the Comptroller of tha
Treasury.
That is the whole case made by the bill and
the argument. Well, sir, if you are prepared to
say to this country that you are unwilling to
trust yourselves; that your honor has sunk so
low, your self-respect has so entirely departed
from you that you must call in the assistance of
the Comptroller of the Treasury to guard against
your corrupt use of this contingent fund, vote
down the bill, and stand self-convicted before
your constituents. But if, on the other hand, you
believe that you are capable enough, and H^fcest
enough, to disburse your contingent fund, and
arc willing to assume before the country its re-
sponsibility, then say so by this bill. There is
tlic solitary issue presented by this bill.
How, Mr. Speaker, will your contingent fund
be disbursed if this bill passes? Not one dollar
can bo paid out by your Clerk—or if he pay itout
he docs so on his own individual responsibility—
until it has been examined and approved by the
Committee on Accounts. What is the Commit-
tee on Accounts of this House? It so happens
that at this moment 1 do not know the name of a
single member of that committee, nor do I care
to know. But I put it to you and to this House
to say, do you believe that the time has come, do
you believe that the time will ever come, when the
occupant of that chair shall so far degrade the
high office to which he maybe summoned by his
fellow-Representatives as to place the contingent
fund of the House under the charge of a dishon-
est and corrupt Committee on Accounts? If the
argument on the other side admits that the Com-
mittee on Accounts is honest, then the question
of capacity arises; and I put it to you whether
five Representatives of the people, selected and
sent to this House to discharge the important
duties devolving on the National Legislature, are
not as capable of disbursing the contingent fund
of the House as is a clerk at the other end of the
avenue, for your Comptroller is but a clerk of a
higher grade.
Mr. BOYCE, (in his seat.) Mr. Calhoun says
that all the Cabinet officers are but clerks.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I am not prepared,
under present circumstances, to enter into that
question. [Laughter.] I said to the House that
j I would occupy but a few moments of its time.
J have presented the view which I entertained in
Regard to this matter, as it occurs to my mind. I
have given you the reasons why I am in favor of
the passage of this bill, and why I shall give it
my vote. I think the House owes it to itself,
owes it to its own character, to assume the won-
derful responsibility of disbursing its own con-
tingent. fund, and dispensing, for the present at
least, with a guardian at the other end of the
avenue—the First Comptroller of the Treasury—
to supervise and overlook our accounts.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. I ask my friend
from Georgia, as he is on .the committee which
reported this bill, whether he knows or has ever
heard of any case where the Comptroller has re-
fused to allow tile-voucher of the Clerk, when
: ceitified by the Committee on Accounts of this
ij House, or whether the Committee on Accounts
J1 ever certified for the payment of the salaries of
i those officers of the House whose compensation
\ is fixed by law?
: Mr. COBB, of Georgia. If the Comptroller
I has never yet refused to take the accounts as
