THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D, C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 31, 1857.
New Series. .. .No. 32.
would advance the interests of one portion at the
expense of the other. The true explanation of
the unity of the Democratic party, notwithstand-
ing the diversity of opinion which was alleged
against it, was that it was neither pro-slavery
nor anti-slavery, having 110 business whatever
.with the question. All it proposed was to rec-
ognize ana protect southern institutions to the
extent to which they were recognized and pro-
tected by the Constitution; and if gentlemen
would take this fact to their minds, they would
readily gM-ceive that the bond of affiliation be-
tween northern and southern Democrats only
bore upon it the great seai of that sacred instru-
ment. He could well understand the efforts of
the Republican party to overthrow Democracy,
for it was a stumbling-block in the path of then-
progress, resisting and checking the sectional ani-
mosity by which they were hurried oil and gov-
erned. He must, however, confess himself utterly
unable to comprehend the hostility of the Amer-
ican party, led 011 by their chiefs, unless it were
a mere gratification of party spite. Suppose these
latter should be successful in establishing the un-
soundness of northern Democrats in the minds
of the southern people: would anything follow
from which they could derive comfort or upon
i which they could base a hope, either for them-
selves, or for the country? Take away these
northern Democrats, and Republicans alone will
be left; and the result must indeed be disastrous
to the hopes of the patriot. Tie denied the charge
of aggression 011 the part of the Soulh, declaring
that gentlemen misunderstood her if they enter-
tained the opinion that she sought more than was
sufficient to protect herself in her rights, and this
not by positive aid, but by the free, equal, and
uninyidious permission to take her chances for
a share of our common territory. Satisfy her
people that war was not meant upon her insti-
tutions, and even this much no one would seri-
oursly care for; and ho was sure there would have
been no disposition on her part to set aside the
Missouri line, even although! almost universally
believed to have been wrongfully imposed, if she
had not been continually harassed by efforts to
deprive her of equal rights even in the country
south of that line. The speech will appear in the
Appendix.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee, obtained the
floor; but yielded to
Mr. WRIGHT, of Mississippi, who moved
that, the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Letciif.r
having taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore,
Mr. H. Marshall reported that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union had had
under consideration the Union generally, and
particularly the special order, being House bill
No. 566, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. WHEELER moved to adjourn; but with-
drew the motion at the request of
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, who said: As gen-
tlemen seem desirous of speaking, let them have
* an opportunity of speaking this evening. I move
to tqke a recess until seven o'clock, for the pur-
pose of debate.
Messrs. Wright, of Mississippi, and Stan-
ton, objected; but subsequently withdrew their
objections.
Mr. WHEELER. Well, I insist on the mo-
tion to adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
if we take a recess it will be with the qualifica-
tion that no business is to be done, and nothing
but debate is to be in order.
There was no objection; and (at twenty min-
utes past three o'clock p. m.) the House took a
0 recess till seven o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at seven o'clock, p. m.
Mr. BARKSDALE. It is very obvious, Mr.
32
Speaker, that there is no quorum present. I
move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
REMONSTRANCE AGAINST PRIVATEERING.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. Since the recess this morning 1 have ob-
served, on looking over the proceedings of yes-
terday, that a memorial from some society in
Sheffield, England, had been presented and re-
ferred to a committee. I believe it is hardly con-
sistent with the usage of the Government to allow
foreigners to petition Congress; and any commu-
nication between any body of foreigners and the
Congress of the United States is through the
President. This memorial does not seem to bo
in reference to any matter of private rights or
private grievance, but seeks to enlighten Con-
gress on the subject of international law. I now
enter a motion to reconsider, not with any view
to have action upon it now, but because that mo-
tion can only be made to-day.
Mr. BOYCE. What memorial is that?
Mr. MILLSON. Some memorial of a society
in Sheffield, England, remonstrating against the
adoption by the United States of the new prin-
ciple of international law recommended by the
European Congress. *
The SPEAKER. The motion will be received.
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 renew my motion that
the House ad]Ourn.
Mv. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire to say
that the session is running rapidly to a close.
There is a disposition evinced in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union to have a
general debate, not touching the matter particu-
larly before the body; and if that disposition con-
tinues to be evinced, I shall feel bound, as chair-
man^of the Committee of Ways and Means, .to
move to terminate the debate on the tariff at a
very early day next week. I hope, therefore, that
gentlemen will, as far as they can consistently
with their ideas of duty, discuss that question
whenever we go into committee again.
Mr. SCOTT. I have prepared a speech 011 the
President's message, and desire to have an oppor-
tunity of putting my remarks on record.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I understand the gentle-
man from Indiana to say that he desires to make
some remarks.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not care to detain the House.
I simply wish an opportunity to have my remarks
placed on recoid in a proper form.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. In order to ac-
commodate the gentleman from Indiana, I move
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I do not understand the
gentleman from Indiana to desire to speak to-
night. 1 move that the House adjourn.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the gentleman from
Mississippi hear me one moment? I rise to re-
quest that he will withdraw his motion to adjourn
for reasons which I tlunk will commend them-
selves to him. At this informal meeting a little
informal debate will be overlooked. I consented
the more readily this morning to the proposition
for a recess, because I hoped it would prevent the
very result just now indicated by the gentleman
from Ohio—a too early termination of the debate
on the tariff question. Indeed that debate can be
scarcely said to have commenced. Now Iwouid
rather that the House had agreed this morning
that general or irregular debate should be allowed
at night, and that no debate, except on the tariff,
should be allowed in the morning sessions of the
House.
( But I think, if the gentleman from Mississippi
will reflect upon the subject, he will find that by
■ allowing gentlemen to speak even to small num-
bers at night, it will clear off the obstructions to
that debate which ought to take place upon the
tariff. We ought to go into a debate upon the
tariff bill which ought not to bo interrupted by the
: obtrusion of other questions. The interest in 1
that debate will be marred and destroyed by I
breaking the continuity of the discussion> and t
though I cannot make my voice heard by the
members of the House, yet I prize the opportu-
nity I have now, that they may at least see the
suggestion in .the newspapers. I trust that gen-
tlemen will abstain from this irregular and disor-
derly debate, as T may term it; and that if they do
desire to address their constituents, or the coun-
try, on general topics, they will have the oppor-
tunity afforded them by evening sessions for
debate in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. 1 trust, then, that the gentleman
will withdraw the motion to adjourn, and allow
gentlemen who desire to speak in this way to be
heard to-night, and thus give an uninterrupted
flow to debate on the tariff question in the morn-
ins;.
Mr. SCOTT. I only desire to-night to give
the points of my speech. That is all I want.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I have no disposition to
prevent the gentleman from Indiana from making^
liis remarks to-night. It was to accommodate*
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Wright,]
who is entitled to the floor in committee, that I
made the motion to adjourn, and insisted on it.
I desire to make one remark to the gentleman
from Ohio. This general discussion on national
politics was commenced by the gentleman him-
self in the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The gentleman
will allow me to make a remark right here. I
spoke about ten minutes, I behove, in the opening
of this general discussion, expressing some gen-
eral opinions in regard to the message, but not
entering into the sectional question which has
been debated since. Besides that, the gentle-
man's side 011 that question has, so far as time
is concerned, decidedly the advantage; and I
think they have no right to complain of me on
that account. Though I may have perpetrated
an error—and for the sake of compromise I am
perfectly willing to allow the gentleman to say
that I did—still my errors ought not to be used to 9
the disadvantage of great national interests. I
indorse every word that has been said by the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Mii.lsoh] on the
point of takinc up and discussing regularly this
great question of the tariff. If you will hetve these
evening sessions to enable gentlemen to discuss
other questions, I shall be happy to join in such
an arrangement and give my attention, not only
tn the evening, but m the morning, when the
tariff is discussed. I think we have had enough
for the present session of this general debate—
certainly enough of it, and as much as the coun-
try will justify either iri the gentleman's section
or in mine.
Mr. BARKSDALE withdrew the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that the
rules be suspended, and file House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
™lr. II. Marshall in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill (H. II. No. 566)
reducing the duties on imports, and for other
purposes.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. I desire to make
some remarks in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, but not to-night. I yield
to othergentlemen who desire to address the com-
mittee during this evening.
Mr. SCOTT then addressed the committee on
the President's late annual message and politics
generally. His speech is withheld for revision,
and will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. PERRY next addressed the committee on
the President's late annual message, and touch-
ing the slavery question. Ilis speech will be
published in the Appendix.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee, then obtained
the floor, and moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. H. Marshall reported
