1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
499
against the Government for clerical services. I
ask that the Committee on Military Affairs be
discharged from its consideration; and that it be
referred to the Committee on Claims.
' The motion was agreed to.
*
THE GADS35EN FEJRCRASE.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Committee on Terri-
tories, to whom was referred tho bid (S. No. \.
176) to establish a separate judicial distiict south
of the Gila, and to create the officio of surveyor
general therein, to provide for the adjudication of
certain land claims, to grant donations to actual
settlers, to surveycertain lands,and for other pur-
poses, have had' the same under consideration,
and directed me to repoi t o substitute for the bill.
1 will state to the Senate, that the substitute is
substantially the bill introduced by the Senator
from Hlxas [Mr, Rums] at the last session, and
agreed to by the Committee on Territories of the
House of Kepresentatives aL this session. It
provides for just what it states in its title, fnstead
of creating a new Territory, it puts the Gadsden
purchase and adjacent country in a new land
and judicial district in the usual form. 1 ask for
its consideration at this time if there be no objec-
tion, because this is territorial day in the Mouse
of Llepiesentatives, and it may not be acted on
there unless we send it at once.
Mr. FKSSENDEN. I should ratherlook into
that matter.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Very well, i give notice
that I shall ask the Senate to take up the bill at
its next meeting—to-morrow or the next day. j
MAJOR JAMES, BELGCR. |
Mr. WELLER. 1 am instructed by the Com- ;
mittee on Military Affairs to repoit back the (till <
(H. K. No. 593) for the relief of Brevet Major '
James Belger. of the United Stales Army, with j
a recommendation that if, pass. I
Mr. RUSK. X hope the Senate will consider 1
that bill now. It presents no question of dis- I
pute; there is no objection that will delay its pas-
sage a moment. A simple explanation of it will
be enough to satisfy every Senator. I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to consider it
and pass it at this time.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill, which directs the proper accounting officers
to allow Brevet Major James Belter, in the set-
tlement of his accounts, $0,300, being the amount
stoicn from him by his late principal clerk, John
S. Sheahan, while he was acting in charge of
the quartermaster's department at San Antonio,
Texas; but previous to this allowance, he is to
assign to the Government of the United States
the judgment found in his favor in the district
court in the county of Bexar, Texus, against
Sheahan for the amount of this embezzlement,
and the benefits of the attachment issued bj&the
court at the instance of Belter on the property
of Sheahan, and all control over the proceedings
of the ease.
Major Belgcr, whilst in charge of the quarter-
master's department at San Antonio, Texas,
through the dishonesty of his clerk, who had
been employed in the service for many years, and
whose previous official conduct had insured the
greatest degree of confidence in his integrity, by
moans of a false entry in the monthly summary
statement for the-month of April, 1855, was de-
frauded out of $9,300, taken from the moneys of
the Government then in the hands of the major
for disbursement for quartermaster's stores for
the use of the Army. When he signed this
monthly summery statement, the amount of ex-
penditures within the month, as appeared on its
face, not being very unusual in their aggregate,
did not attract his attention nor excite his sus-
picion, though the amount of expenditures was
afterwards discovered to exceed that ofthe vouch-
ers in thesum of$9,300, which amount was fraud-
ulently appropriated to his own use by the clerk,
John S. Sheahan. Up to April 1, 1855, the ac-
counts of Major Belger were correct.
Owing to theoccurrence of a difference between
him and" his clerk, on account of some delay in
the latter in reaching the office afier dinner, and
his reception of acensure thereforfrom the major, i
he (the clerk) left the office, and did not return.4
This induced the major to examine the books i
and vouchers, when the amount of funds alluded !
to was discovered to he missing, though, in the
summary statement made out by the clerk for the
month previous, it was concealed by moans of a
false entry. The information coming to the ears
of the major that his late clerk was preparing to
leave for Mcxico, satisfied him of his guilt. He
had r< chcd half-way between San Antonio and
the Rio Grande, when parties sent in pursuit of
him by the major arrested him, and brought him
back. After his arrest, he offered certain prop-
erty to make good the deficicncy, provided he was
let off; but Mnjor Belger, from a sense of duty
to prosecute the prisoner, refused to compound
the felony. He was brought, and tried before
Judge T. .T. Devine, judge of the fourth judicial
district of the State of Texas, and was discharged,
on account of the want of jurisdiction in the State
court, though the court was satisfied of his guilt.
Major Belger then tried to bring him before a
United States commissioner; but there was no
such officer short of Austin, eighty miles distant.
An express was immediately sent by General
Smith, with an affidavit, to be placed before the
United States commissioner at Austin; and an-
other .affidavit was being made for the purpose
of holding Sheahan until the return of the express.
But, notwithstanding every precaution was used
to prevent his flight, he again escaped, and suc-
ceeded ill evading the vigilance of those who
pursued him.
A covin of inquiry was instituted, upon the
application of Major Belter, to examine all the
transactions connected with the matter, which
court concluded' that the amount Mated was ab-
stracted by the clerk, as was shown by his
attempt, to escape, jus oiler, after his arrest, of
certain property to make good the deficiency, by
his acknowledgment to Colonel Roberts, and by
his t ii.il before Jud^o Uevmo.
Major Belger, after the Leu flight of the clink,
commenced a civil suit ogainst him jn the district
eofli of Bexar county, in the State of To^as, and
had his property attached to satisfy the nmount
of the embezzlement. Judgment has been ob-
tained against him; but the friends and relatives
of the criminal arc using all the delays of the law
to postpone execution,"and are apparently bent
upon exhausting every means to that effect before
the amount will be paid. Tin- amount standing
charged against Brevet Major Belger on his ac-
counts with the Government embarrasses him
seriously. He nj)poals to the magnanimity and
justice of Congress to relieve him, by authoriz-
ing that amount to he allowed him in the settle-
ment of his accounts, for which he proposes to
assign the judgment which he has obtained to
the Government, and the benefit of the attach-
ment, which he alleges will fully satisfy the Gov-
ernment when the means of the law's delay are
completely exhausted.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed,
NOTICE OF IUIXS.
Mr. DUllKEK gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a lull to authorize certain
lands in the State of Wisconsin to be overflowed;
and a hill to authorize the sale of section eighteen,
township 8cven north, range four went m the
Mineral Point land district, and to grant preemp-
tion rights.
WOLF ISLAND-
Mr. FOOT. I ask the Senate now to take up
for consideration the joint, resolution (S. JNo. 30)
reported from the Committee on Public Lands
some days ago, concerning Wolf Island. I think
it may be disposed of m a few minutes; and U is
necessary that it should be sent to the House of
Representatives for their action at an early day.
It is a measure in which the Senators from Ken-
tucky and Missouri are particularly interested,
and they are now present.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. WKLL.12R. It is well known we have
executive business to do.
Mr. WADE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion.
The yeas and nays were not.ordered.
The motion was agreed to; there being on a
division—aye's 2<, noes not counted; and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Jamtary 28,185?.
Tho "House met at twelve o'clock, m. The
Rev. Stephun P  Hix,l, Chaplain of the Senate,
, offered up prayer, as follows:
O Thou that Uvest whilst mortals diet Thou
; art from everlasting to everlasting; but our life
is as a shadow; and it is fearful to think at the
; mercy of how many contingencies it is perpet-
ually placed. In the midst of life we are in death.
Of whom, then, O Loid, shall we seek succor
but of Thoc? Our sins are perpetually displeas-
ing to Thee; yet, O Lord most holy! 6 Lord
most mighty ! O holy and most merciful Savior!'
deliver us not unto the bitter pains of eternal
death, nor suffer us in our last hour to fall from
Thee. Sanctify to this body the very sudden
death of one of its members, and may the solemn
and holy lessons connected with this startling in-
stance of mortality be brought home to all hearts.
Help us henceforth to live with the interests and
responsibilities of a better world in. view. Grant,
O God, that amidst the glare of station, and
amidst the temptations, however pressing, to the
path of worldly glory and of worldly pleasure,
we may never forgot that earth's highest stations
and all earth's most,valuable possessions must
soon be exchanged for rhe coffin and the shroud.
So teaeh us to number our days that we may
apply our hearts unto wisdom; and when we shall
have accomplished the purposes of our being
hero, may we nU be found fully prepared for the
unwasting glories and felicities of immortality,
through "the merits and mediation of Jesus Christ.
Amen.
The Journal of yesterday was r?ad and approved.
Mr. RTEPFIKNS moved that the House ad-
journ.
The, motion was agreed to; and thereupon fat
, fifteen minutes past "twelve o'clock, p. m.) the
| House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
THtrnnnw, January 29, 3857.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill41
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
11 CREDENTIALS.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the credentials of
the Hon. James Harlan*, chosen by the Legis-
lature of Iowa us a Senator from that State, for
the term ending 4th March, 1861, The creden-
tials were read; and Mr. ZIaiu.an" having taken
the oath prescribed bylaw, was: admitted to his
scat in the Senate.
I DEATH OP HON. PRESTON S. BROOKS.
| Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, in view of tho
: solemn exercises assigned to the two Houses
j to-day, I presume it would be indelicate and im-
: proper to engage in business; and 1 suppose there
| is- no disposition to do so. 1 therefore move that
; the chair be vacated for the course of half an hour,
; or until the communication from the House of
i R. preventatives which is expected shall arrive.
I The I5IU£S1 DENT pro tempore. That will be
j understood as the sense of the Senate, unless
.! there \v some objection. The chair will be re-
jAgtomed in time to receivc the annunciation from
jfflne House of Representatives.
j Subsequently a message was received from the
ij House oL Representatives, by Mr. Culjlom, their
j! Clerk:
• 3J>. PiiKsraevr: I am directed by the House of Jtepre-
, ^ntauves to intorm the tfenate of the death of the lion.
• H'RKVfo-x* 3. Brooks, of Mouth <_\uo]ii},\, a member of that
( Home, and to e.>inmnmcaie the proceedings of the
1 with reterenco thereto. ! am deputed on the part of the
| House to nmw the Senare and its officers to &e present at
' foi ty-five minutes past one o^elock to attend the funeral of
j the deceased.
| The resolutions ofthe House ofRcpresentativgs
j were read.
I Mr. EVANS. The relation in which I stand
il to the deceased seems to require that 1 should say
!' something on this melancholy occasion. I have
; known lum for many years; and the more that I
i hove known, and the more that I have seen of
! him, the higher has he risen in my regard and
j the deeper, the deeper is the distress and auction
5 which I feel for his early death. Mr. President, I
i \yould that this tribute to his memory could be
