1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
501
enrolled among those " few immortal names that
were not born to die.'*
Mr. Brooks came among us in evil times. The
genius of discord brooded. ov§r our national
councils. Sectional strife had driven concord and
fraternity from our legislative halls, and reigned
supreme. States, statesmen, and principles,
loved, honored, and revered, garnered up in the
heart of hearts of one portion of the people, were
objects of the bitterest vituperation and invective
by the representatives of another. Entering Con-
gress in this crisis, he threw himself into the con-
flict with characteristic decision and firmness, on
the side of duty, of his convictions, of his country,
and with distinguished ability and eloquence sus-
tained the rights and honor of that constituency
which had so many claims upon his affectionate
devotion.
He retained, what lie justly merited, the undi-
minished confidence of his constituents, who had
returned him with singular unanimity to the next
Congress; and but few men of his years gave
better promise of a long and useful and honor-
able career. But the fiat of an overruling Provi-
dence is issued, and he is numbered with the early
dead, leaving to friendship to mitigate its sorrows,
the pleasant memory of his many virtues, and
the yet sterner consolation that it may truthfully
write upon 1ns tomb, "This was a man."
The resolutions were unanimously adopted.
The Senate proceeded to the House of Repre-
sentatives to attend the funeral services. Having
returned to the Senate Chamber,
On motion of Mr. TOOMBS, the Senate ad-
journed.    
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 29,1857.
The House met at twelve o'clock, in. Piuyer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniei. Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was road and approved.
DEATH OF HON. PRESTON 8. BROOKS.
Mr. KK1TT. Mr. Speaker, it is my mournful
duty to officially announce to the House the death
of the Hon. PiiKbTON S. Brooks, one of its mem-
bers from the State of South Carolina.
Mr. Brooks died at his residence in this city,
on Tuesday evening, the 27th instant, at; seven
o'clock. His disease was acute inflammation of
the throat; and so swiftly fatal was it, that not
even his medical advisers believed him to be in
danger until within the briefest possible period
before his decease, Science availed not; skill
availed not; delicate assiduous attentions availed
not. Yonder vacant seat, badges of mourning,
and sorrowing friends, attest that he is gone from
among us.
Mr. Brooks was born in Edgefield district,
South Carolina, in August, IrtJD. Ilia father was
Whitfield Brooks, a son of Z. S. Brooks, who
had gone through the suflerings and gathered
some of the honors of our revolutionary struggle.
Hjs mother was Miss Mary X3. Carroll. lie was
educated at the South Carolina College, which he
left in 1839, receiving one of its distinctions, in
May, 1843, he was admitted to its bar; and m
November, 1844, was elected to the General As-
sembly of the State. In 184G, when troops were
called for by the Federal Government to repel
the invasion of Mexico upon our soil, his native
district, EdgeQpld, furnished a company to the
Palmetto regiment, of which he was unanimously
elected captain, and was mustered into the service
in December of that year. He shared the earlier
and later events of the campaign between Vera
Cruz and the City of Mexico, having in the mean
time been recalled home byasevere and exhaust-
ing attack of illness.
After the close of the war, he withdrew from
the bar, and devoted himself diligently to the
pursuits of agriculture. As a planter, he was
eminently successful. While engaged on his
plantation, Mr. Burt, the then Representative of
the Ninety-Six district, voluntarily retired from
the trust, and Mr. Brooks was elected as his
successor in February, 1853. He came here the
Representative of a proud and gallant constit-
uency, a constituency whose history had been
illustrated by the virtues, the statesmanship, and
the eloquence of Robert Goodloe Harper, John
C. Calhoun, and George McDuffie. 1 will not
speak of his services here. In the archives of the
country are the monuments of his reputation-—in
the hearts of those who served with him upon
this floor are the testimonies to his character.
In fancy Mr. Brooks was chaste, and in judg-
ment solid and discriminating: in diction he was
simple, and in taste refined. No indirection
marked him either mentally or morally. In his
beating he was manly, and in intercourse gen-
erous: in dispute he was sincere, and in friend-
ship tenacious. Failings he had, for they are the
allotment of humanity; but long will the country
mourn ere it mourn a better patriot or a nobler
spirit.
Mr. Speaker, had he fallen in the evening of
life, or had he even sunk down under the gradual
inroads of disease, I could have realized his ex-
tinction in death; but for his sun to set while in
its noonday blaze, it is hard to feel that it will
rise no more. For years we have been on terms
of extreme utiHfeacy, and he is still to me a pres-
ence. EvoHBow, the living man, in the glory
of Ins intellect and manhood, and the dead man,
in his dreary shroud, struggle for the mastery.
Alas! the struggle can be but a brief one, for
death has its victims; and though its stings may
be taken away, on earth it has no conqueror.
Sharp, however, as may be our pangs, sharper
far will be the pangs in yonder shattered homo.
There a stricken wife and four orphan children
will be smitten with the awful tidings to-day an-
nounced.
Within the sanctities of that home I will not
intrude; but I supplicate Heaven for balm to
their crushed and bleeding hearts.
Mr. Speaker, let there be reverence lo the
memory and peace to the ashes of the dead; and
let us mingle our tributes with the funeral oller-
\vhie,h uthei s \\ ill pour around his^rave. A
confiding constituency will sob o\er it, and a
State which honored him will be choked with sor-
row; for Earth has never pillowed upon her
bosom a truer son, nor Heaven opened wide its
to receive a manlier stunt.
Mr. Speaker, I offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, Thauhis Hoinc lua received, with deep sensi-
bility, the announcement of ihr death of the Hon. Proton
S. Brooks, a member of thw House from the State of
South Carolina.
Rcsohed, That this House tenders to the family of the
deceased the expression of its sympathy on tins all'eeimg
event; and a testimony of re«jx'ct for hi* memory, the
member* and ofliceis of this House will wear the usual
badpe of mourning for thirty days
Ilcsolt e.i, That the Senate lie invited to attend the funeral
of the deceased thi> dav at one o'clock, p. in.
Revolved, That the Clerk of the House he, dneeted to com-
municate these proceedings to the family of the deceased.
Mr. dtXITMAN. Mr. Speaker, I cannot per-
mit this sad occasion to pass without adding a
few words to the eloquent, just, and appropriate
tribute which has been paid to the memory of the
lamented deceased by his friend and colleague.
He whose sudden and untimely death we now
mourn was also my friend. Years ago, when the
first down of manhood was upon his cheeks, I
knew him. I had seen him at Vera Cruz, sharing
with his men the privations, the dangers, and the
triumphs of that famous siege. Whether march-
ing through the scorching sands of a tropical
shore, or traversing the frosty mountain passes,
he ever exhibited the serene,cheerful, and determ-
ined bearing of the soldier and iumtleman. in
sunshine and in ram, by day and by night, when
pinched by hunger and thirst as well as when sur-*
rounded with plenty, he well peiformed his duty.
He was an officer of that gallant Palmetto regi-
ment which, on a bright day m March, formed
its line of one thousand men on the bench at
Vent Cruz, and which, when, six months after-
wards its flag, soiled by the smoke of battle, was
planted on the gates of Mexico, could muster but
three hundred men fit for duty, its brave and
accomplished commander, Colonel Pierce Butler,
who fell on the gory field of Churubusco, was
the blood kinsman of the deceased. Its second
field officer, Lieutenant Colonel Dickinson, having
fallen on the same field, and its Major, Gladden,
severely wounded at the Belen Gate, the command
devolved on Captain Dunovant, the brother-in-
law of the deceased.
On every battle-field on which the standard of
that regiment floated, though bathed in Carolina's
best blood, it was ever borne to victory. Such
was my confidence in the officers and. men of
that regiment, that had it ever been my lot to see
that proud flag laid low upon the bloody field, I
would have looked to find beneath its tatter&i
folds the corpse of the last survivor of that^gal-
lant band.
Five of the relations of the late Captain Pres*
ton S. Brooks fell in the last battles of the valley
of Mcxico. lie himself had been compelled'by
severe illness to return home, and did not rejoin
his regiment until after the capture of the imperial
city.
At the commencement of this Congress, after
years of separation, I again met my former com-
rade on this floor, and received daily evidences
of his gentle and kind manner towards hisfriends.
His soul was the abode of integrity and, honor.  
His intercourse with his fellow-men was distin-
guished for simplicity, candor,and truth; and all
will admit that he has left, short as his career has
been, upon our records repeated evidences of his
talents and abilities.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
the dispensation which has deprived a State of
one of its members makes this a most solemn
meeting of the House of Representatives. The
circumstances surrounding this sad and sudden
decease of a fellow-member, when in the prime
of life and vigor of manhood, will justify the re- i
mark that u tie, who doeth all things well," has
again repeated to us,'with emphasis, His warning:
tiJn (he midst of life, ye are in death.,J
Purston S. Brooks was elected three times a
member of this House hy the people of South
Carolina, lie merited their confidence, because
he was the faithful advocate of their political sen-
timents, and the jealous guardian of their rights,
their interests, and their honor.
My personal relations with Mr. Brooks here
were of such a nature as to enable me to know and
appieciate his virtues. He was a man of kind
heai t, and the nnnU lender sensibilities. His col-
league | Mr. Kr.rrrj has well said that lus friend-
ship was of extraordinary tenacity, if these
elements, which are among the highest chaiac-
teristica of a true manhood, ever led him to acts
which our judgments would decide to be wrong,
let us remember that ilto err is human—to forgive
divine."
During his congressional career, Mr. Brooiu
always commande#fnendsand admirers insocwl
life. He stood by the bedside of his sick follow-
metnljer from your State, Mr. Speaker, minister-
ing to his wants through the weary hours of the
night. A^am, he was ready to peril his life in
defense of a member from Ohio, whom he re- t
garded as in personal danger. Incidents such as
these within my own knowledge, the records of
the War Department, showing that he responded
promptly to the call of our common country, and
the statements just made by the gallant gentle-
man from Mississippi, [Mr. Quitman-,] as to his
valor on the battle-field, are facts which will vin-
dicate the statement that PrkstonS. Brooks was
both generous and brave.
I will only add, Mr. Speaker, that for these
reasons, and cherishing a sympathy for the family
and friends thus terribly smitten, which I have
no words to express, I support cordially the res-
olutions.
Mr. CLfNGMAN. Mr. Speaker, coming, as
I do, from the same section of the country to
which Mr. Brooks belonged, I hope the H^usc
will indulge me for a few moments. As his State
and mine are contiguous, our districts were so
near each other, and such was the intercourse
between our constituents, that he was well known
and highly honored among those whom I repre-
sent. Of the incidents of his life, both political
and military, the gentlemen who preceded me have
so appropriately spoken that nothing is left for
me to add.
My personal acquaintance with him began wirh
the commencement of his service in this Hous«>;
and the fact that wo represented adjoining States,
and those who were united by many ties both in
the past and the present, together with great sim-
ilarity in our political feelings and views, at once
made us intimate friends. Even now, while I
attempt to speak, so many recollections crowd on
me of incidents that were interesting and touch-
ing in our personal intercourse, that it is difficult
for me to avoid the expression of feelings that
might seem out of place here.
