1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
505
for the consideration of the Private Calendar,
and by the consent of the Senate I will ask them
to take up certain special orders, with a view to
their indefinite postponement. There will be no
objection to the motion. I move to take up the
special order for March the 31st, 1856, which is:
' 'A resolution, by Mr. Toombs, calling for reasons
on which officers in the Navy have been dropped
or retired."
The whole question has been disposed of, and
I desire to get this resolution off the Calendar.
Mr. STUART. There is quite a number of
these special orders that I have been looking
over this morning which are mere incumbrances
on the docket. They can be disposed of, how-
ever, at any other time as well as now.
Mr. ADAMS. The Senator is very much
mistaken about their being likely to be disposed
of at any other time. If he will undertake to
have it done, I shall make no objection, but I
have been trying it for a week past. I have been
sitting here anxious to have it done, and I find it
a difficult matter. If there is any objection, how-
ever, 1 withdraw my proposition.
. MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives^
by Mr. Cuixo.w, their Clerk, announced that thy
House had passed a bill (S. No. 334) for the re-
lief of Charles Lucas, or his legal representatives,
and for other purposes.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Sidney Webster, his Secretary,
announced that he had approved and signed the
following enrolled bills:
An act authorizing the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to approve the accounts of the marshal for
the district of Missouri for furniture provided for
the use of the circuit court of the United States
for said district, jit the Apiil term of said court,
held at St. Louis in the year 1854; and for the
allowance and payment to the marshal of the
district of Indiana of the accounts for furniture
for the use of the district court of the district of
Indiana;
A resolution for the appointment of Regents
of the Smithsonian Institution; and
A resolution respecting the distribution of cer-
tain public documents.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. STUART. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. FOOT. Will the Senator from Michigan
allow me to call up for consideration a private
bill that will lead to no discussion? We have
spent but one day of the session oif the Private
Calendar, and I perceive that to-day it is to be
passed over by other business.
Mr. STUART. I think my friend will find
that if I commenced to give way there will be no
end of it. I should be glad to oblige him, but
if I did so the applications would be so numerous
that I might as well abandon my proposition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore- The hour
for the consideration of the Private Calendar has
arrived.
_ Mr. STUART. I make a motion for execu-
tive session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will direct the Secretary to read the resolution
of the Senate in regard to the business for to-day.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
« Resolved, That for the residue of the present session the
private bills on the Calendar shall be special orders of the
day on Friday of each week, at one o'clock, in the order
in which they stand upon the Calendar."
Mr. ADAMS. I ask for a vote of the Senate
nn the motion of the Senator from Michigan.
This day is set apart for the consideration of the
Private Calendar. After three o'clock I should
have no objection to going into executive session.
The executive business of the Senate can be at-
tended to at any time, as I think, and I know of
no executive business myself that would justify
me in voting to postpone the consideration of the
special order, which is the Private Calendar. I
hope the Senate will vote down the proposition.
But after three o'clock I shall have no objection
to an executive session.
Mr. STUART called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resifited
—yeas 23, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Biggs, Bigler, Brodhead, Cass, Ciittenden,
Dodge, Durkee, Fessenden, Pish, Poster, Hale, Harlan,
Mallory, Nourse, Rusk, Seward, Stuart, Thomson of New
Jersey, Weller, and Wright—93.
NAYS—Messrs.-Adams, Benjamin, Brown, F.van*, Fita-
patrick, Foot, Geyer, Green, Houston, Hunter, Iverson,
Jones of Iowa, Jones o! Tennessee, Mason, Pea'rce, Reid,
Sebastian, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and Yulee
 oo_
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
After three hours spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
* Friday, January 30, 1857.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
Phe Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
REPfflfcs FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the call for reports of private bills
from the standing committees of the House.
Mr. ICNOWLTON, from the Committee of
Claims, made an adverse report on the memorial
of Edward Mattingly, for additional compensa-
tion for his services as inspector of customs at
Georgetown, District of Columbia; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the memorial of Eleanor
Gardiner, praying compensation for property de-
stroyed in the war of 1812; which was lai^ on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. T., from the same committee, also made
an adverse report upon the petition of James
E. Kilgour, praying indemnity for propertj*«dc-
stroyed by the British in 1814, in t^jBisequunce of
the occupation of his promises by The American
forces; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. LAKE, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a bill for the relief of Samuel M.
Puckett, a citizen of the State of Massachusetts;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. PORTER, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass, a bill (S. No. 334) for the
relief of Charles Lucas.
Mr. PORTER. I ask the consent of the House
to put that bill upon its passage at this time.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask that it may be read
for information.
The bill confirms to Charles Lucas and his heirs
certain lands.
Mr. PORTER It is merely a local bill for the
benefit of some of my constituents. The object
of it is to vest in these parties the legal right, now
vested in this Government, to the lands to which
they have already an equitable title. They ask
no gratuity, but simply for an act of justice on
the part of this Government. It is not my habit
to draw on the indulgence of the House; butl ask
its indulgence now to have this bill put upon its
passage.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I wish to suggest an
amendment to the gentleman, which 1 am sure
will be satisfactory to him and to the House:
that is, to insert in the bill a provision that it
will not conflict with any other persons having
titles to the land. Other persons may have better
title than these parties.
Mr. PORTER. 1 have no objection to that.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. This might be a
counterfeited title.
Mr. PORTER. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Alabama that all which the bill has
in view is to be a release of the title of the United
States to the land in question.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Still, I would rather
the amendment which I suggest was inserted.
Mr. McMULLIN. I do not know that I ought
to object to this bill.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I do not ohject to it.
Mr. PORTER. If gentlemen would hear the
report read, which was very carefully prepared
by the Committee on Private Land Claims in the
Senate, it would remove any objections they might
have to the bill.
Mi. COBB, of Alabama. Will the gentleman
state whether there is any other interest involved?
Mr. PORTER. None other at all
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Well, I have 'no
objection. _.
Mr. PORTER. All the parties having interest^
in the lands have joined in the memorial. They
ask nothing but simple justice. If any gentleman
have objection to the bill, I hope the report will
be read.
Mr. McMULLIN. Has the bill been received
yet? ~
The SPEAKER. It has been reported in the
regular order of business, and unless it involves
an appropriation it may be considered at this
time.
Mr. McMULLIN. It is not my purpose to
object to this bill. My sole purpose is to indi-
cate to gentlemen that hereafter 1 shall insist on
all other bills being considered in a Committee of
the Whole House.
Mr. PORTER. This bill is all right.
Mr. McMULLIN. I have no doubt but that
the bill is right, and I shall vote for it; but I am
opposed to consuming time, and to giving prefer-
ence to this bill over other bills which are in
advance of it. I shall go for the proposition of
my friend from Missouri; but I take occasion to
give notice that hereafter I shall not consent to
bills coming up in this way, and getting prece-
dence of others equally meritorious.
Mr. HAVEN moved the previous question. •
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered. '
The question being on ordering the bill to lie ,
read a third time,
Mr. GREENWOOD called for tellers.
Tollers were ordered; and Messrs. McMullin
and Simmons were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—■
ayes 99, noes 18. The Speaker voted in the
allUmtitivo.
So the bill was ordered to bo read a third time;
and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. PORTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. PORTER, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Private Land Claims be
discharged from the further consideration of the petition of
Abraham liung, of Greene county, Kentucky; and that the
same he laid on flte table and printed.
Mr®HORTON, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Private Land Claims, reported back Senate
bill (No. 31SJ) to vest the title !o certain warrants
for land in George M. Gordon; which was re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
Also, Senate bill (No. 390) for the relief of John
Dick, of Florida; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. MILLSON, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back Senate bill (No. 455) for the
relief of George. L. Kowne and William Curry;
which was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SANDIDGE, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported adversely on the
following cases; which were laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed:
A memorial of citizens of Columbia county,
Florida;
A memorial of Joseph E. Griffith, of Texas;
A petition of William H. McNaine; and
A memorial of Peter Bellinger.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of the legal representatives or
assignees of James Lawrence; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. S. also reported back Senate bills of the
following titles; which were referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying reports, ordered to be printed:
An act (No. 393) for the relief of John Temple,
of Louisiana; .
An act (No. 335) for the relief of the heirs and
legal representatives of Pierre Cazchtr, deceased;
and
