sm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
An act (No. 396) for the relief of Laurent Mil-
landon.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I am also instructed by the
•C ommitree on Private Land Claims to report back
Senate bill (No. 392) for the relief of Andrew A.
H. Knox and Joseph O. Campbell, of Louisiana,
with the recommendation that it be laid on the
table, as the matter has beSn already acted on.
The bill was laid on the table.
Mr. SAPP, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported adversely on the petition of
James Munroe, praying pay for a horse lost in
the war of 1812; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASH BTJRNE, of Wisconsin, from the
Committee on Military Afi'airs, reported adversely
on the memorial of Frederick Stephens, asking
compensation for services in the war of 1812;
which was laid oil the table, and ordered to be
printed.
_ On motion of Mr. WASHBURNE, of Wiscon-
sin, it was
Ordered, That leave be grimed for the withdrawal Hum
the files of the House of the petition and papers in the
of Etenncr and Heath, in order that they may be referred in
the Senate.
Mr. CLARKE, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported a bill for the
relief of Sylvester Churchill, of the United States
Army; which was read a first and second time,
. referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
sritl, with the accompanying report, ordered to bo
printed.
• i Mr". FAULKNER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
" the legal representatives of Daniel Mallory, de-
ceased; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying iseport, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BENSON, from tho Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported adversely on the petition of
Harrison Hough; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to bo printed.
Mr. OROOM, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pension*, reported bills of" the following
titles; which were severally read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying reports, ordered to
be printed:
A bill for the relief of Radio! Pox;
A bill for the relief of Samuel Winn, th# only
nuryivmg child of General Richard Winn^i rev-
olutionary soldier;
A bill for the relief of the surviving children
of John Noal, deceased; and
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Colonel
Benjamin Wilson, late of Harrison county, Vir-
■ ginia,-deceased.
. Mr, MILLER, of New York, from the Com-
jlfiitteeon Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill
fOELfche relief of Jose pit 13. Royal, for the services
of his father, John B. Royal, asoldier in the rev-
olutionary war; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole j
House, and, with the accompanying report, I
ordered to be printed.
Mr. IlOBBliNS, from the Committee on Invalid '•
Pensions, reported a bill lur the relief of &ma
Williams; which was read a first and second lime,
rcfeired to aCommitteo ot the AVhole House,and,
With the report, ordered to be printed.
JNIi. LISHOP. 1 send to the Clerk's desk sev-
eral bills from the Court of Claims, which have
been leterreil to thoCommutee of Claims. The 1
bills have been carefully considered, and the com- i
mittee are of opinion ihut they ought not to pass. I
I lie opinion ot the committee is so woli expressed |
in the dissenting opinions of Judge Blackford, of !
the Court of Claims, upon these bills, that they
adopt said opinions, and make it a part of their
report.
The said bills were read and laid on the table 1
and (he adverse reports ordered to be printed: ' j
An act (S. i.Vo. 440) for the relief of Earnest1
Fiedler; j
An set (_>S. JNo. 441) H>r lue relief of Sturges, -
Bennett & ^o., meiehants of JNew York; !
A bill (II, II. JNo. 2m2) fur the leiief of Henry |
and jPredern-k vV\ Meyer, merchants of the city j
of AV-w York; and j
A bill (H. R. No. 19) for the relief of James .
Realty's personal representatives. j
Mr. OLI\ KR, oilJNew York, Aom the Com- j
January 30,
mittee on Invalid Pensions, reported back, with
ajecommendation that it do p$ss, a bill (S. No!
472) to continue the compensation heretofore paid
to Mary C. Hamilton, widow of Captain Fowler
Hamilton, late of the United States Army; which
was referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. TYSON, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced the fol-
lowing bills; which were severally read a first
and second time, and referred asindicated below:
Abill toexemp.t from dutyall such maps, draw-
ings, etchings, &c., as may be necessary for an
official report upon the geological report of the
State of Pennsylvania. Referred to tho Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
A bill to provide for the survey of the Ohio
river and its principal tributaries, with the view
of determining the practicability aW cost of their
improvement by a system of res Jpirs upon the
plan submitted by Charles Ellet^Jr. Referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. KENNETT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of John W. Skidmore;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following communications;
which were severally laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed:
A#communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting further answers to the resolu-
tion of the 19th instant, calling for information
relative to the appointment and compensation of
Niwian Edwards as superintendent of tho Wa-
bash Salines^
A communication from the Navy Department,
transmitting a statement of the expenditure of
the contingent fund of the Navy Department.
A communication from the War Department,
transmitting Army Registers for the use of the
mrmbeis of the House; and
A communication from tho Department of the
Interior, transmitting an annual statement of the
balances of appropriations, and the expenditures
for Indian services and pensions.
IlEFORT OF COMMITTEE OF CONFERENCE.
Mr. TODD, from the committee of conference,
on the part ot the [louse upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the bill (S. No.
296) for the relief of Sally T. Mathews, reported
that they had had the same under consideration,
and after full and free conference, have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend, that the* House
recede from its amendment to said bill.
Mr. LEI CHER, I ask that the bill and
amendment, be read.
Mr. TODD. I have not the bill and report in
my possession, but I can state their contents. The
bill was one fur the relief of Sally T. Mathews,
giving her compensation for her husband's ser-
vices as extra clerk in one of the Departments.
The amendments adopted by the House attached
a measure of general legislation to that private
bill, providing, in general terms, that the compen-
sation of an extra clerk employed by the heads
of Departments or bureaus, shall be deducted
from the pay ot the head of the Department or
bureau by which ho is employed, unless the
necessity of his appointment be certified by the
President of the United States. The committee
behoved that general legislation was out of place
as attached to a private bill, and that the amend-
ment itself would not accomplish any practical
good. Therefore they recommend the House to
recede.
I he SPEAKEPt. As the papers are not in the
possession of the House, the report cannot be
acted upon except by unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is a question of
privilege, and the gentleman can call it up when
the papers are suit in from the Senate. Let it I
lay over until that time. j,
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT. !l
A message was received from the President !l
of the United States, by Sidney Webster, his i!
Frivate Secretary, informing the House that the -
Ficsiderit had approved and signed bills of the l!
loiiowmg titles: -j
An act authorising the establishing of a naval |j
depot on Blythe Island, at Brunswick, on the coast
of Georgia, and for other purposes.
An act for the relief of Charlotte Turner.
Mr. LETCHER.  I move that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar.
, Mr. HAVEN. I would suggest to my friend
from Virginia that he had better defer that motion
and finish up in the House the discussion on the
case of Asbury Dickins. The gentleman noti-
fied the House the other day, when that case was
under discussion, that two cases of precisely a
similar character were next upon the Calendar in
Committee of the Whole. Perhaps it will save
some confusion if we finish up the first case now
under consideration in the House, before we pro-
ceed to the other two.
Mr. LETCHER. I adopt the suggestion of
the gentleman from New York, and withdraw
my motion.
Mr. SAPP. I renew the motion.
Mr. CARLILE. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw his motion for a moment, to
allow me to ask the unanimous consent of the
^House to take up and consider a bill.
^ Mr. SAPP declined to withdraw the motion.
The motion was agreed to. ' "
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of tho Whole House, (Mr. Nichols
in the chair,) and proceeded to tho consideration
of tho Private Calendar, the first business in order
being an adverse report from the Court of Claims
(No. 8) in the case of Shepherd Knapp,
Mr. HAVEN. I have not the Calendar before
me, but I have a recollection—perhaps somewhat
indefinite—that this case was by order of the com-
mittee set down to a lower number in the Calen-
dar, to be considered when the other number was
reached.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York is correct. *
MICHAEL NOUHSE.
The committee proceeded to consider a bill (C.
C. No. 8) for the relief of Michael Nourse.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Michael Nourse tho sum of £2,827 39,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, as a compensation in full for his
services as acting Register of the Treasury at
various times between February 16, 1830, and
May 12, lb'47, both days inclusive.
Mr.STANTON. Unlessgentlemenknowsome
reason to the contrary, I hope the committee will
recommend to the House that the report of the
Committee of Claims be concurred in. I under-
stand that the Court of Claims decided against it,
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from Ohio
is mistaken. This case of Nourse is exactly the
same sort of case as that of Dickins, "which was
under consideration here a few days ago; and the
case of John Robb is another one of the same sort.
It is for extra compensation to a chief clerk for
the performance of higher duties. I think that
perhaps the committee Jjad better rise, and let us
go into the House,and continue the discussion on
this claim of Dickins. If that bill passes, then I
imagine that all the others will follow as a matter
of course.
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 would suggest to my
colleague the propriety of allowing this bill to
pass over for the present, until we can have a full
House and full discussion on the principle in-
volved, not only in this bill, but in the bill of
Dickins, to which the gentleman refers. If the
principle be established in the one case it wiil
apply to all the other cases. I would suggest,
therefore, to my colleague and the committee, to
allovvtlus billto pas? over informally, and that we
proceed to the other business on the Calendar.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Ohio to modify his motion, in
order that we may go into the House and con-
sider the claim of Dickins, and move that the bill
belaid aside to be reported to the House, with a
recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. WALKER. What is the pending ques-
tion before the committed
• The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio to report the bill to the House,
wit!* a recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. WALKER. Is it m order to d iscuss this
bill?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
