508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
emor; but the services for which he claims do not belong
•to his duty as Governor of the Michigan Territory, and
having been employed by the Government to perform these
• services, he has a fair claim for them on the principles of a
• gmnkim meruit. The facts conceded, his right, 1 think, is
umicmabk;.''—Opinions attorneys General, vol. 2, p. 189.
Afterwards, sir, when Mr. Legare held the post
of Attorney General, he gave the following opin-
ion in reference to a claim of Mr. Young, wnen
chief clerk of the Treasury Department, f°r per-
forming services exactly like those for' which the
petitioner claims?
" In the matter of Mr. Young's claim, I am of opinion
that the Secretary of the Treasury ad interim, appointed
by virtue of an express law, has a claim upon the Govern-
ment for the usual, or, if there he no usual, for a reasona-
ble compensation for his services in that capacity; but I do
not think he can obtain it without an appropriation by Con-
gress for the purpose. The act of 1S39 is imperative to
til at effect."—Opinions Attorneys General, vol. 4, p. 122.
This case is identical with that of Dickins.
In a similar case, Chief Justice Taney, holding
the circuit court at Maryland, held the following
language in the case of the United States us. White
et al., holding two offices, and performing the
duties of both:
" There is no law," said the Chief Justice, " which pro-
hibits a person from holding two offices at tile c-ame time."
* * * * " Indeed, it often happens ihatm unex-
pected contingencies, and for temporary purposes, the ap-
pointmentof a person already in office to execute the duties
of another office is more convenient and useful to the pub-
lic than to biing ill a new officer to execute the duty; and
if the duties oftiie second office are peifoi mod, and the law
has fixed the compensation which it deems just lor such
services, it cannot be material whether they are rendered
^ by oue liolding another office or not, provided they are iaith-
-flllly discharged."—Manuscript Opinion, pp. 3, 4.
: . In the case of White, Judge Taney says:
" But he is entitled to set off the sum of $5,328 OB, for
nis salary as acting purser to the naval establishment at
Annapolis. The Secretary ofthe Navy had a right lo appoint
a purser ai interim, usually called acting purser, to dis-
charge tlie duties of puisci at this establishment, if the
demands of the public service elsewhere, or any other suf-
ficient cause, put it out of his power to employ a piuser
regularly appointed. The eouit is houtid to presume that
the power in this instance wit* exercised uiulcr cuciim-
stanccs that justified the appointment of ihe defendant as
acting purser, lie performed nil the duties of purser at the
li.ivul establishment, settled his accounts with Hie pmpei
officer at Washington as Mieli, and not as li.ivy agenl, and
was i oeogmzed as acting purnci in the repm rs to I loiene-'
concerning certain cipeiidililivscli.ii'Ke.ildclotli.'it Immehof
the service. 'Flieaetol OoiigicsMixcs thecal,u v of puisci,
when not otherwise provided I'm, at 1 ,.100 m enr. V ilm
defendant peil'ormed all the dimes ol" Hie olhco, ,md pei-
formed them in the name and in the eliaiaetei of puicci.
he is entitled to the oompeiii-ution which tlie law has pin-
vided for such services. The circumstance thai lie held the
ottice of navy agent at the smne time can liiakdBb differ-
ence. There is no law which prohibits a [><•!.son fiuin hold-
ing two offices at the same time. As a iiutlcr of policy it
would certainly lie highly objectionable in most oa os as a
peimaueut airang^uicnt; but m the aiiM-nee ol auv legal
provision to the rontiaiv, this appointment was "valid.
Indeed, it often happens that in unexpected contingencies,
" and for temporary purposes, the appointment ot a'peison
already in olficc to execute the dunes ot .mother office is
more convenient and useful to the public iimn to hi mi> m a
hew officer to execute the duty ; and if the dmieiol the
second office aro performed, and the law has fixed the com-
pensaHpn which it deems just for biieli sei vices, it cannot
be material whether they are rendered bv one holilui"
another office or not, pfovided they are faithfully dis-
charged."
Well, now, in that ease, Judge Taney was
but giving his individual affirmation to preceding
decisions of the Supremo Court of the United
States in the case of General Ripley. In that
case General Ripley held a position as officer in
the Army, He was sued by the Government,
and set upm his own defense a claim for extra
compensation accruing as remuneration for ser-
vices performed outside of his duties as a mili-
tary officer, This case found its way into the
Supreme Court, and that tribunal hekLtlie follow-
ing language—I read froir(7 Peters, p725:
" It IS presumed that, cvciy person who lias been cn«a"cd
111 tne public sei vice has received the compensation allmxvd
until the contrary shall be made to appear. The amount
ot compensation in the military seivice may depend m
some degree, upon the regulations of the War Department;
but such regulations must be uniform, and applicable to all
Offices under the tame eiictimstanccs. Bo lai, then as it
regards tile pay of the defendant for services icndered in
the line ofhis duty, d would M-em not to be difficult for him
to show certain regulations of the War Department or in-
structions of llic PiCMdeiit, within the rule stated ill the bill
of exceptions by the Altoiney of the United States." .
" If. however, the di-buisemcnt-' made, tor which com-
pensation is claimed, weie not such as were ordinarily at-
tached to th" duties of the office held bv the defendant, the
fact should have been so stated ; and also, that the service
was performed under the sanction of the Government, or
under such service,- a.- rendered the extra labor and le.spons-
ibllity assumed by the defendant in pel f<>rinini  it neeessaiy.
Should the accounting oliieeis of the Trca-tu v liepartment
lefuse to allow an ofliccr the cfctablu-licd cumpcnEdUon
which belongs to his station, the claim having been rejected
by the properDepartment, should unquestionably be allowed
byway of set-off to a demand of the Government by a court
and jury!
" And it is equally clear that an equitable allowance
should be made in the same manner for extra services per-
formed an officer winch did not come xvithin the line of
his official duty, and which had been performed under the
sanction of the Government, or under circumstances of
peculiar emergency. In such a case the compensation
should he graduated by the amount paid for like services
under similar circumstances."
Now, sir, from these citations it is proved that
the principle which we are called upon to settle
is by no means a new one, either in the executive
branches of the Government, or before judicial
tribunals. In examining the reports of the Su-
preme Court, we find numerous cases strikingly
analogous in principle to this one. The case of
Ripley, just cited, is directly in point; and the
reasoning of the court in that case is a complete
answer to the reasoning of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] when he, a few days
since, referred by way of illustration to the fact,
that in the military service officers were again and
again called on to discharge functions not directly
in the line of their duty.
It seems to me that having submitted these
propositions, witliouteven the skeleton of an argu-
ment—having cited these opinions of various
attorneys general, and decisions of the Su^-eme
Court, particularly the decision of Chief *stiee
Taney, in the case of White, only five years
since—that the case is entirely closed; and I need
not weary the House by longer trespassing on its
time. What 1 have said has been chiefly con-
fined to the case of Asbury Dickins, because that
was under consideration when the question was
first raised. I had examined the reports from the
Court of Cktirns and the Committee of Claims,
and was prRiared to argue that more in extenbo;
but inasmuch as we are now considering the ease
of Michael Nourse, I thought proper to express
my views briefly in regard to the Dickins case,
because the principles which govern them are
identical. In the case of Nourse, lie was in the
office of the Register of the Treasury as chief
eJerk. While chief clerk he discharged the duties
of the superior office, under appointment author-
is^ d by laxv, for a certain time stated in his memo-
rial. If one of these claimants is entitled to the
compensation asked for, then the other is.
In conclusion, I have this to say: Michael
Nourse is an entire stranger to mo, and the only
possible interest I can have in the bill, or the de-
cision of the Court of Claims in this case, is be-
cause 1 look on the support of that court by Con-
gress as all essential to its utility. If, after the
court has been established, wo pay so little respect
to ity solemn adjudications, when they rest not
merely upon their own reasoning, but are in ac-
cordance with the decisions made year after year
by the Snjireme Court, and the opinions of the
law officers of the Government, it seems to me
that we arc running the hazard of making this
court a mere farce, and reviving the evils the
knowledge of which induced the last Congress
to bring it into existence. I hope both bills" will
receive the sanction of this House.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Chairman, the principle
involved in this case is much the same as the prin-
ciple involved in the case of Asbury Dickins. The
parties, however, held different positions under
the Government. In the case of Mr. Dickins ho
asks for this increased compensation, because,
(luring a portion of the time, he served as chief
clerk in the Treasury Department, and discharged
the duties of Secretary of the Treasury fora given
number of days; and that, while he served as chief
C.ieik ill the State Department, he, for a portion
of the tnno, performed the duties of the Secretary
of State, under the authority of the President of
the United States to fill temporary vacancies in
these Departments. *
In the case now under consideration, Michael
Nourse was the chief clerk in the office of the
Register of the Treasury, and on various occa-
sions as such clerk, commencing on the 16th of
February, 1830, and running down to the 12th
day of May, 1847, he alleges that he performed
the duties of Register, and executed the papers
necessary to enable money to be drawn from the
Treasury, and is, therefore, entitled to the sum
ot §2,327 3y for his services rendered between
the periods 1 have mentioned; in other words, he
demands compensation as chief clerk, and then
compensation as Register. This is the general
statement of the case.
Now, a word in reply to my friend from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Walker.] He tells you in the con-
clusion of his argument, that his desire is to
uphold the Cotirt of .Claims; that he is anxious
to give it character and influence, and that such
is his purpose and object in the remarks he has
submitted, and the vote which he has indicated
his design to give in favor of this claim. Now,
sir, 1 insist that in this case of Michael Nourse
the court have violated an express law of the
land, written in terms as clear and distinct as lan-
guage can make it. They have awarded him this
allowance in violation of the laws of 1839 and the
act of 1842. But my friend has presented no
commentary on either the act of 1839 or the act
of 1842.
Mr. WALKER. In the discussion between
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Haven]
and the gentleman from Virginia, in reference to
the section of the act of 1842 regulating the com-
pensation, I understood it to be conceded that the
act of 1842 was not to be regarded as covering
this ease, because it was passed subsequently to
the rendition of the services in the case of Mr.
Dickins.
Mr. LETCHER. But I am talking about the
case now before the committee. My friend from
Alabama has laid down the broad proposition,
that it is the duty of this House to confirm the
decisions of the Court of Claims where they have
made a decision in favor of a claimant. That is
the doctrine I am combating, and 1 shall under-
take to show that they have violated—expressly
and palpably violated, not only the spirit, but the
actual words of the acts of 1839 and 1842, in al-
lowing this claim of Mr. Nourse.
As I remarked before, and I desire to call the
attention of the committee to these facts, that they
may be impressed on their njemory, these ser-
vices of Nourse commenced on February ]G,
1830, and ran down to ]2th May, 1847. Accord-
ing to the statement filed with the report, two
hundred and twenty-two days of this service oc-
curred prior to the passage of the act of 1839;
one hundred and twenty-two days, which the
court have allowed him for, were subsequent to
the passage of that act; and sixty days were sub-
sequent to the passage of the act of 1842.
Now, sir, what is the language of the act of
1839? I shall read the who] o section, so that every
one may construe it for himself. The third sec-
tion of the act of 1839, approved March 3, 1839,
is in these words:
" vjnd he it further enacted. That no officer m any brunch
ot the public soivice> oi any other person, whose salaiy,
pay, or rniolumenu., h oi ate iixed by law or icgulation,
shall lcfcive any extra allowance, or compensation, m any
form whatever, tot the di.^bui->ement ol'public money, or
lor the peiformane;. of any other service, unless the said
e\tm allowance or compensation bo authorized bv Jaw.
Nor shall any executive officer other than the heads of De-
paitments apply more than thirty dollars annually out of
its contingent fund under Ins control lor pay lor newspapers,
pamphlets, pmodicals,or other books not necessary for the
business ot his office."
This section applies not only to " every officer,"
but in order to make the language so broad that
there could be no misinterpretation or mistake, it
"uses the words " or any other pet son" \vhatsoever.
Now you will see that in this statement of the serv-
ices of this man, there is charged from the 7th of
August to the 10th of August, 3839, inclusive, four
days. Then there is a charge of thirty days in
1840; eight days in 1841; twelve days in 1842;
thirty-three days in 1845; twenty-seven days in
1846; and for six days in 1847. Now, I submit
to the committee whether this third section of the
act of 1839, no matter what may be gentlemen's
opinions in regard to the propriety of this allow-
ance pnor to that time, is not effectually cut off
by the express terms of that act?
But, sir, let me come down to the act of 1842.
If gentlemen will examine it, they will find that
the Congress of the United States were then so
fully determined to cut off all extra compensa-
tion m every shape and form in which it could
be presented, that they ingrafted express pro-
hibition upon three laws of that session. One of
.pjthem I will read. The twelfth section of the act
approved the 26th of August, 1842, is in these
w^rds:
li And he it further enacted, That no allowance or com-
pensation shall be made to any clerk, or other oflicci, by
reason of the discharge of duties which belong to any other
