THE COMGE1SSIONAL ©LOBE.
January SO,
in the other, to the discharge of the duties of su-
perior offices. The appointment was not by the
head of the bureau, but by the President himself.
Here are the official acts of the Chief Magistrate
of the United States in conformity with law, call-
ing these men from their inferior positions to
these high positions; and the whole question is,
whether these officers, clothed with new powers,
and having imposed on them heavier responsibil-
ities, and a higher order of duties, shall have the
higher or the lower salary ? There is nothing else
in this proposition. "Will the Congress of the
United States give to these men, Asbury Dickins
in the one instance, discharging the duties of Sec-
retary of State, and then those of Secretary of the
Treasury; and in the other, Michael Nourse per-
forming the functions of the Register of the Treas-
ury, the salary of the higher, or the salary of the
lower office? will they call them to assume these
grave and weighty responsibilities without giving
them the salaries attached to these positions ?
That 5s the question; and it appeals trumpet-
tongued to the justice of this House, and in a
way that I think we cannot resist. During the
administration of General Jackson, Asbury Dick-
ins was called to perform the duties of Secretary
of the Treasury for one hundred and thirty and
odd days, and those of Secretary of State for two
hundred and odd day^. We well know, from the
evidence before <is, that he discharged thoseduties
with ability and greatfidelify; and shall he, during
the time lie was so engaged, bo confined to the
smaller salary?
Now what is the objection to this proposition ?
1 have listened attentively to my colleague, who
contends that Mr. Dickins is only entitled to an
allowance for the subordinate position; and he
opposes this claim on the ground that it is novel.
If he will turn back to the papers which have
been presented in this connection, he wiUkfind
that Mr. Dickins was allowed for a portion of his
service as Secretary of the Treasury, but in that
allowance there was deducted the salary of chief
clerk for the same time. This accounts for the
item of two hundred and odd dollars stated in the
report. And I find that similar claims were
allowed in 1801,(1 have the books before me,) in
1819, and in 1H5U. This claim, then, is not novel;
it has precedents to vindicate it aside from its own
merits and justice; it has precedents to vindicate
it through the whole history of the country. And
in the face of these precedents let me say to the
committee that in the case of White, and some
other party, in 1H5], the Supreme Court of the
United States decided that those resolutions were
not inconsistent, with the allowance of a double
salary. In the case of Asbury Dickins he has a
precedent of his own, for lie "was allowed com-
pensation for his services as Secretary of the
freasry for the peiiod of time that he served as
Euch.
Let me now call the attention of the House to
another view of this matter. The accounts of
Mr. Nourse may have been within the period des-
ignated by some of those resolutions. Not so,
however, in the other ease. That was wholly
outside of any of these resolutions, unless it be
the resolution of 1#8 ; and I bog now to call the
intention of the committee to that particular res-
olution. I hnve been surprised to find that the
gentleman who has addressed you so ably should,
upon that particular act, have misconceived, in
my view of the subject, the scope and cfFect of
that resolution. That resolution, however, docs
not bearuponthe caso, nor does it touch it, as has
been shownhy the various precedents to which
3 have referred. But the gentleman says that the
law of 1769 is of a character winch is conclusive,
in ins view, upon the subject. Jptfill read it:
" Jlud he l! farther enacted, That no allowance or com-
pprwatum *ha!l bo nwile to any clerk, or other officer, by
reason of tin: discharge of duuc* which belong to anv other
clerk or officer in the saw or any other Department; and
no allowance or comp^u-anoti shall be made lor any extia
services whatever which any clerk or other officer may be
required to prifoim.^—Statute9 at Large, vol. 5, p. 525".
We all know what that was designed to correct.
An officer, when in the performance of his cler-
ical duties, way in the habit of receiving from the
contingent fund of the Department in which he
was engaged an additionu allowance; and the
object of the act was to put an end to that prac-
tice, as it had become a matter of favoritism. But
does that apply in this case? Does that cover this
gsound? W hen Asbury Dickins was acting Sec-
retary of the Treasury, does a resolution which
confines its provisions as to extra compensation to
clerks bear upon him? He does not claim extra
compensation as chief clerk, but as acting Sec-
rotary of State or Secretary of the Treasury. Nor
is there any proposition to allow him extra com-
pensation. It is not proposed to give to the chief
clerk a compensation which can in any form be
regarded as extra; but it is proposed simply to
compensate the Secretary of State or Secretary of
the Treasury, for services which this claimant
rendered as such. I say, then, that the act which
I have read does not apply to this case.
Now I come to.the consideration of the act of
1842. I was a member of the House when that
law was passed, and had a hand in its passage.
It is as follows:
tsJlnd belt further cnacterT, That the compensation allowed
by thi3 act to clerks shall commence from and after the
31st day of March last; and it shall be the duty of the Sec-
retaries for the Departments of State, Treasury, War, and
Navy, of the Commissioners of the Navy and the Post-
master General, to report to Congress at the beginning of
each year the names of the clerks they have employed
respectively in the preceding year, together with the time
each clerk was actually employed dunng the yeat, and the
sums paid to each; and no higher or other allowance shall
be rnado to any clerk in the said Departments and offices
than is authorized by this act."
The whole act is expressly confined to the
ordinary clerks of the Departments. It j#not
attempted, as in the case of Asbury Dickins, to
confine the law to the heads of Departments, and
accordingly we find that it has in 110 respect been
regarded as double compensation. It is in no
respect regarded as giving1 two salaries to the
same person. The Supreme Court of the United
States, in the case of White, to which I have
referred, has expressly decided that there is no
incompatibility. Then the question is, what ought
to be the extra compensation ? Here is a definite
proposition to be put to the committee. It may
very well become the law-making power to be
disposed to cut up by the roots these extra allow-
ances; but docs that interfere with our powers ?
Does that take away from the Congress of the
United States the power of making compensation
under particular and proper circumstances ? If
we deny to the executive heads of these various
Departments of the Government the power to
make these extra allowances of additional com-
pensation, do we deny that power at the same
time to ourselves? We mightvery well say that
the heads of Departments should not pay their
clerks any extra compensation, and yet we might
think proper, in an appropriate case, to grant these
very allowances which wo refuse to allow others
to i>ive.
There is nothing, then, in this view of the
subject, in which there is the slightest impropriety
of action upon the part of the House, in this
respect. But gentlemen insist that there is no
vacancy—in the case of Dickins, for instance.
My colleague lias drawn a very critical distinc-
tion, it is true, between temporary absence and
vacancy. I thought myself that a vacancy was
always existing when the person appointed to
fill the place was incapable from any cause. But
the gentleman draws a distinction between tem-
porary absence and temporary vacancy. He
admits, in one part of his speech, in the Dickins
case, that there may be a temporary vacancy,
but he draws a distinction between temporary
vacancy and temporary absence. Let us see how
this case of Mr. Dickins stands. Here is the
authority given to him by General Jackson, (and
I suppose there is the same in reference to the
other:)
"During the absence of Mr. Forsyth from the seat of
Government, I authorize and appoint Asbuiy Dickins to
perform the duties of Secretaiy of State.
"ANDREW JACKSON."
And here again:
lkl hereby empower McClmtock Young to perform the
duties of Secretary of the Treasury at any pcuod m the
abscnce of the present Secretary during the ensuing three
mouths. ANDREW JACKSON."
There is, then, no danger of a question of au-
thority among officials arising, as the gentleman
from Virginia seemed to think. Here is a man
appointed to perform these duties, and able to
perform them, as I presume all will admit; and
the question is, what measure of compensation
is to be allowed? That is the whole question.
My friend says that there is a wide difference
between vacancy and temporary absence. Well,
let him enjoy the distinction."
Mr. LETCHER. Suppose my colleague were
sick for a month and absent from his seat in tlus
House: that is what I hold to be a temporary
absence, but no vacancy under the law.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Not under the law.
But there is a vacancy here; and suppose it were
provided that, whenever a member elected to rep-
resent a particular district on this floor should be
absent from his seat his place should be filled by
another: I want to know if that would not be a
real vacancy ? Will the gentleman be kind enough
to tell me what would be the condition of things
in that case ? Here I represent an adjoining dis-
trict; I am bound to be present in the sittings of
this House during the whole session; suppose I
an; not here, (and unhappily members are very
frequently absent from their places,) and suppose
there is a provision that when a member is absent
the Governor of his State shall fill the place with
another person: what then would be the condi-
tion of things? Will the gentleman tell me? I
would be glad to hear. Would there not be a
vacancy until the place was filled? And, as the
gentleman from Georgia has suggested, we regu-
larly, in all our convention proceedings, appoint
a principal delegate, and an alternate to take
his place in case of non-attendance. So, like-
wise, in the case of the President of the United
States, as referred to the other day. Suppose
the President of the United States were sick and.
incapable of attending to his duties: would not
the Vice President be placed in the position to
perform the high duties of that office, even in
the lifetime of the President himself? Look
to the Constitution, and you will find that in the
case of the disability of the President of the Uni-
ted States the Vice President may officiate and
perform the high functions of Chief Magistrate.
" But we never had such a case," say gentlemen.
That is true; but when the Vice President goes
into the presidential chair, does he continue to
draw the small salary allowed to the Vice Pres-
dent, or does he get the higher compensation?
Why, we all know that he gets the higher com-
pensation. In the case of the lamented 'Harrison,
the Congress of the United States, in the ex-
ercise of generosity and justice, accorded to the
family of the deceased President a full year's
salary for his month's service. Now, I ask the
gentleman, in his own words, whether the big
fish should be taken care of and the minnows
left to thqmselves ? I ask whether the case of the
Piesident and Vice President is not a strong,
striking illustration of his own theory? A Vice
President, performing the duties of a President,
gets the salary of President. Instead of the
salary of $5,GOO a year he is allowed $25,000,
because he is performing the higher duties, and
ought not to be confined to the smaller salary.
This is right, not only because he has all the
responsibility of that high position, but because
he must sustain its state, its character, and its
responsibility.
I ask the gentleman, then,how it is tha'rhe, in
reference to the little appointments connected with
the Treasury and State Departments, is willing to
make such an argument as this ? But the gentle-
man draws a distinction between the words "ap-
point" and "authorize." He says "you must
appoint a Secretary under the law. That Secre-
tary will of course perform the duties. But not
so when a man is merely authorized." Why, I
thought that to appoin^p. man to office was to
authorize him to perform his duties. I was really
of opinion that when you appointed a man to an
office—to the presidency, to a judgeship, or to
any other place—you authorized him, ex vi termini,
to perform all the duties connected with the posi-
tion. Now, I ask where is the difference between
a man appointed as Secretary of State under the
official seal of the Government, and a man author-
ized to perform his duties during his temporary
absence? It is merely filling a vacancy. The gen-
tleman admitted the other day, that he would of
course allow to the Vice President of the United
States the salary of President when he fills the
office of President. I askhim if that is not " taking
care of the big fish antfletting the minnows take
rare of themselves ?"
One of the1" points made by the gentleman is <
extraordinary. He says:
i( If you allow these cases, then you will have a whole
Uatch of claimants sweeping jmo this Hal),«nd peihapa 4
reaching the Treasury."
