514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 80,
but there is no lawyer that can stand up here and ■
affirm its truth as a genera! proposition. To do
that, he must forget legal learning. To do that,
he must forget true principles.
There is in law, Mr. Chairman, a contract
known as that of mandate. That contract is in
its nature essentially gratuitous. It is not only so
asserted by the ancient writers on the civil law—
it is not only so recognized in every system of
law established upon the continent throughout
modern Euliipe, but it has been so recognized
again and again by the greatest judges and the
most distinguished writers known' to the common
law. If you refer to your treatise on contracts
you will find that there is a contract of mandate
between the owner of the property and the one to
whom he intrusted it, and that it is laid down in
all the books of law which treat on that subject
that that contract is essentially gratuitous. _ Wood
will tell you of the contract of mandate in his work
on the civil law, as a contract which is in its nature
gratuitous, and is recognized as such by the law
of nations. Story will tell you of it in his work
on bailments and elsewhere. Kent will tell you
of it in his Commentaries on American law.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the contract, and the only
contract, that ever existed between a Government
and its officers—between a Government^ and the
agents to whom, from necessity, must be intrusted
the performance and discharge of all public func-
tions, is a contract of mandate. It is in its nature
essentially gratuitous. I assert here-—and I do
not believe there is in existence, here or elsewhere,
a member of the legal profession, no matter how
slightly tinctured he may be with legal learning,
who will not admit its truth—that, in pursuance
of that fact, which is a fundamental principle in
every Government, there can be 110 right to com-
pensation on the part of a public officer unless
the law has accorded it. Why, who is -there
that docs not know that, in the country from
which we derive the main features of most of
our institutions, this fact has been illustrated
by the uniform practice of centuries ? In that
country, the persons filling the legislative offices,
and discharging the legislative functions of the
British nation, receive no compensation for their
public services. And why is this ? Is it not be-
cause no right to compensation could exist until
it was given by law ? And is this not equally true
with respect to legislative bodies in this coun-
try? Would the members of legislative bodies
in the Colonies have been entitled to compensa-
tion whilst engaged in the work of legislation,
if no law had been made giving the right to it?
Was not the question whether they should or
should not be paid a purely political question?
And if, from political motives, the different State
Legislatures were now to repeal their laws on
that subject, would there bo any right on the part
of members to claim it as due to them by an
implied contract of the nature of that which the
Court of Claims and some members seem to think
springs up almost everywhere, and under almost
all circumstances, between a Government and its
officers? And if this bo not true, then tell me
why the subject of compensation is mentioned
in the Constitution of the United States, which
declares expressly that " the Senators and Rep-
resentatives shall receive a compensation for their
services?" Was not that particular clause intro-
duced into the Constitution of the United States
because it might have been doubted, in conse-
quence of the Government being one of limited
powers, whether, m the face of the practice in
England with respect to their Parliament, there
would have been any authority in Congress to
provide for the payment of its members ?
When the Government of the United States was
established, it was intended to be a Government of
law; and when the legislative power of the nation
was exerted to construct the framework necessary
to the proper woiking of all its parts, and to pro-
vide the functionaries who were to aid in giving
motion and efficiency to its action in all the mul-
tiplied departnien ts created for the dispatch of the
public business, it allotted what was considered a
fair compensation to each one of the offices es-
tablished, to be paid to such person as should, in
due course of law, be appointed to fill them. If
a place were created, and no compensation pro-
vided for the incumbent of it, he, of course, would
have been entitled to none; and if one were called
on by his Superior officer to act in some capacity,
contemplated by law, but for which no allowance
was made by law, he could have been entitled
to none upon principle. Owing to the peculiar
character of the General Government, this sub-
ject is more susceptible of familiar illustration
from the practice of the different State govern-
ments: and I shall referto them, although similar
illustrations are not wanting in the course of the
national Administration.
The principles lying at the foundation of all
our State governments, and which govern them
in their course of administrative action, are iden-
tical with those which obtain under the Federal
Government. Are we not all here citizens of the
different States of the Union? And do we not
all know, that in all of the Sates there are public
functionaries to whom the law grants compensa-
tion, and that there are others for whose com-
pensation no provision whatever is made ? Are
we not all familiar with the existence of the militia
system ? Are we not all familiar with the exist-
ence of the school system in the different States ?
In the militia system are there not hundreds and
thousands of men called into the public service
for days and days ? Was it ever held by any man
that they were entitled to compensation when
the law had not granted it—made provision for
it? All the functionaries arc mandataries of the
Government; and as the contract of mandate is
in its essence gratuitous, it necessarily follows
that there can be no right to compensation on the
part of any one of them, unless the law creates
and gives the right; and it is upon this principle,
and this principle alone, that the militia officer
and others, to whom allusion is made, are com-
pelled to serve the public without acquiring any
right against it for a remuneration. I could illus-
trate this by many examples taken from the
transactions of ordinary life; as for instance, by
reference to cases when one man acts under a
power of attorney from another, and does acts
which he is interested in having performed for j
him, but where no one even dreamed that a pecu- I
mary obligation had been given birth to. !
But let me not bo misunderstood. I do not mean j
j to say there are not cases in which it may not 1
only be the duty of the House to grant compen- j
sation, but where an equitable right may exist on
the part of the claimant against tile Government. |
There are eases, although the contract of man- |
date is in its essence gratuitous, where the manda- !
tary is entitled to a compensation. A legal right
exists in his favor to compensation when it is
promised to him by the Government in a formal
law; but when there is no express promise, he is
entitled to a compensation of the fact in existence
would justify the conclusion that an obligation to
pay him a compensation was necessarily implied
from the circumstances connected with his en-
gagement. Now, sir, there are emergencies, in
the course of the administration of the various
Departments of the Government — emergencies
which could not have been foreseen; and persons
charged with the administration of the branches of
the public service in which they arise, owe it to
their country " to take the responsibility," as one
long since gone to the grave once said; and when
they do take the lesponsibility, and call on any
individual to render services which are of a char-
acter that would, under ordinary circumstances,
be paid for, then an implied obligation to make
that compensation springs into existence; and
allow me to say that it was on that principle, and
that principle alone, that the case which was al-
luded to in the argument—and which the gentle-
man from New York seemed to consider conclu-
sive of this controversy, conclusive on furnishing
a precedent for the action he proposed to take—
that it was on that principle that that case rested.
I allude to the case of William Carey Jones.
The United States had acquired an extensive ter-
ritory. There were a variety of claims to lands
in that territory in the hands of private individ-
uals. The public were interested in knowing the
limits between the lands which belonged to pri-
vate individuals and the public domain, in order
to do that it was necessary to be acquainted with
the laws and usages of that Government upon
whose construction those titles depended. There
was an imperative necessity for knowledge upon
that subject; and William Carey Jones, m pur-
suant of the obligation to which I have alluded,
imposed 011 the head of the Interior Department
by his official duty, was requested to go and seek
it out. He was not to sit in his office, as Asbury
Dickins did, performing no additional duty, in-
curring no extraordinary expense. No, sir; he
was requested to leave his home, to travel thou-
sands of miles, and visit a new and almost un-
settled country. He was required to pass months
in acquainting himself with the contents of books
written in another language. For such services,
under the usage of the Government, there was
an equitable obligation imposed on it to make
him a fair compensation; and the bill in his favor,
which was before us the other day, was passed
by this House to enable the Government to dis-
charge that obligation.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Does the gentleman
mean to maintain the doctrine that, whenever a
head of Department thinks a thing is necessary,
he is authorized to do it?
Mr. TAYLOR. Not at all. There was no legal
obligation which the Court of Claims could have
sanctioned; but there was an equitable obligation
which we might and which we did regard with
great propriety and justice, as I believe. The head
of a Department or other officer acts upon his offi-
cial responsibility. Congress alone can decide
whether the necessity which he believed to exist
had any real existence. If, in the judgment of
Congress, no such necessity existed, no equitable
obligations, even, would, in my view, rest upon
the Government in favor of the person employed;
and the functionary who made an unwise or bad
use of his official power, would not have given
rise by his act to any rights in favor of the indi-
vidual against the Government, but would him-
self be a proper subject for congressional censure.
Itisonlyin those cases where the necessity calling
for extraordinary action really existed that I in-
tended to say there was an equitable obligation
upon the Government to pay a reasonable com-
pensation.
Now 1 have said all I wish to say 011 that par-
ticular ouestion. The principle is a clear one;
and the decision of the Court of Claims is so man-
ifestly wrong, that I think the honorable member
from'New York [Mr. Haven] ought to be satis-
fied. But before going on, let me say that the
decision of the Court of Claims has been overruled
by the Senate, as I believe it will be overruled by
the House. The Senate, when the bill from the
Court of Claims came before it, repudiated the
principle it involved, and its committee reported
a new bill, giving, instead of the remarkable
amount recognized as due by the Court of Claims,
the difference between the salaries of the lower
and the higher offices alone. That was a decision
in opposition to the Court of Claims. Bat, sir,
I am not one of those who favor half measures;
for one, I am not inclined, when called upon to
review a legal decision, which I find wrong, to
stop half way; when I decide, my disposition is
to decide the question before me as I understand
it. The decision of the Court of Claims is right,
or it is wrong. If it is right, I would affirm it.
If I regard it as wrong, I shall not mince the
matter, and be too mealy-mouthed to say so. F01
myself,'I am clear in this; Mr. Dickins is entitled
to all he claims upon legal principles, or he is en
titled to nothing. I would vote for the bill as i
comes from the Court of Claims, if for neither.
But now—for I do not intend to weary the com-
mittee— f will speak to the other branch of the
matter. Is Mr. Dickins or Mr. Nourse entitled
to any compensation? The principle is that all
the agents of the Government, 110 matter in what
position, are simple mandataries; they are only
entitled to compensation when it is granted by
. law. The gentleman from Virginia seemed to
i think that he had discovered a case out of the
principle when he alluded to that of a Vice Pres-
| ulent succeeding to the Presidency. For myself,
| if I had sought for an illustration of the principle,
| I should have gone there. The Constitution pf
; the United States provides that, in certain contin-
| gencies, the Vice President is to be entitled to do—
! what? Discharge the duties of the Presidency?
| Not at ail. He becomes the President; and it is
in his character as President, under the Constitu-
tion, that he become's entitled to the compensation
which the law has attached to that place. It is
precisely the same with respect to these Houses
of Congress.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would ask the
gentleman from Louisiana, if the Vice President
of the United States should occupy temporarily
