1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
510
the gentleman from Pennsylvania a question. I
have had some opportunity to examine the ori-
ginal bill, but have "ot been able to examine the
substitute; and I desire to know of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania if the only difference between
the original bill and the substitute is in reference
to the boundaries?
Mr. GROW. The committee made a slight
alteration in the boundary as contained in the
original bill referred to us. In the original bill
the boundary proceeded from the southern ex-
tremity of Lake Travers to the juncture of Kam-
peskee Lake with the Big Sioux river, thence
down the main channel of that river to the north-
west corner of the State of Iowa. In the substi-
tute, we proceed from the southern extremity of
Lake Travers-in a direct line to the head of Big
Stone lake, thence through its center to the outlet,
thence by a due south line to the State of Iowa.
That is the only change in the boundaries.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Is that the only
difference?
Mr. GROW. Then the original bill had no
provision guarantying the uninterrupted naviga-
tion of the common highways that pass through
Minnesota and along its borders. We provide
that such navifable waters shall be common high-
ways, and forever free to the inhabitants of that
State, and to ail the other citizens of the United
States.
These are the only two material changes which
we have made in the bill referred to us. All other
changes arc merely verbal.
The original bill was the same bill which was
referred to the committee with our amendments
thereto. As those amendments would require a
separate vote, the committee, in order to facilitate
business, have reported a substitute containing the
amendments which were included in the original
bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Thenlshallvote
for the bill.
The substitute was then adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. GROW moved the previous question upon
the passage of the bill.
The pievious question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 75; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allen, Allison, Hall,
Barbour, Benson, Billmghurst, Bliss, Boeoek, Brenton,
Bufiinloji, Cadwalader, Caruthers, Bayaul Clarke, Chng-
man, Howell Cobb, Colfax, Cragin, Dainrell, Davidson,
Jacob (J. Davit;, Day, Denver, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Emrie,
English, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Grander, Grow,
Au<.rusiu;> Hall, Harlan, Heihert, Hickman, llodges, llollo-
way, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine 15. Horton, Howard,
Hughstun, Jewell, Kelly, Knapp, Knowlton, Knox, Leiter,
Mace, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, MeCarty, Killian
Miller, Smith Miller, Morgan, Momll, Mott, Murray,
Nichols, I'aiker, Peck, Pelion, Terry, Petut, Phelps, Pike,
Pringle, Quitman, Sabin, Sage, Sandid^c, Sapp, Seott,
Sherman, Simmons, Samuel A, Smith, Spinner, Stanton,
Strauahan, Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Tyson, Wade,
Wakeinan, WalbiiUge, Waldrou, Cadwai.ider C. Wash
burnf, EUthu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watkins,
Watson, Wells, Wheeler, Williams, and Wood worth—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Akeis, Barksdale, Hcndley S. Bennett,
Bingham, Bowie, Bradshavv, Burnett, James H. Campbell,
Lewis J). Campbell, CarJile, Casskie, Ezra Clark, William-
son II. W. Cobb, Comins, Cox, Crawford, Cullen,Timothy
Davis, Dean, Dowdell, Dunn, Durfee, Elliott, Ethcridge,
Evans, Faulkner, Garnett,Goode, Greenwood, J.Morrison
flams, Harrison, Haven, Houston, George W. Jones, Ken-
nett, King, Kuight, Kunkel, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin,
Alexander K. Marshal}, McMullin, Milison, Millwaul,
Mooie, Andiew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Paine, Penning-
ton, Powell, Purviance, Puryear, Ready, Ricatid. Robbing
Robcits. Ruffin, Savage, Seward, Shorter, William Smith,
William It. Smith, Stephens, Swope, Talbott, Todd, Traf-
ton, Undeiwood, VaJk, Walker, Whitney, Woodruff, Dan-
iel B. Wright, and Zoilicoffer—73.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the call, many members changed their
votes, and the following explanations were made:
Mr. COLFAX stated that Mr. Cumback was
confined to his room by illness.
Mr. COMINS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Ciiaffee, was confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. MORGAN stated that Mr. Flagler was
detained from the House by indisposition.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, as
1 understand it, this bill reaffirms the doctrine of
squatter sovereignty and alien suffrage, and if that
be so I cannot vote, for it. I ask, sir, if in order
now, that the section of the bill relating to the
qualification of voters in the Territory may be
read, that the House may know the fact.
Mr. GROW. I object.
Mr. PURYEAR. I hope there will be no ob-
jection.
' Mr. GROW. I object.
Mr. PURYEAR. If I can defeat the bill by
voting, I shall vote "no;" but I decline voting at
present.
Mr. TODD. I vote "no" on this bill on ac-
count of the alien clause.
Mr. WHITNEY. I vote « no" upon the alien
feature of the bill.
Mr. MORRISON. I was not in the Hall when
my name was called. Had I been, I should have
voted in the affirmative.
Mr. BROOM. Had I been within the bar when
my name was called, I should have voted " no."
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania if 44 Sam" is in this
bill? [Laughter.]
Mr. WATKINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise for the
purpose of asking on which side my name is re-
corded?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's name is
recorded in the affirmative.
Mr. WATKINS. I voted in the affirmative,
and designed so to vote. I did so with a full
knowledge and appreciation of all the points in-
volved in the pending measure. If I were not
aware that it is not in order to do so, I should
like to explain the reasons why I so voted, and
why I was strictly consistent in principle, policy,
and upon the record in casting tnat vote.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Wright, was detained from the
House by illness.
The vote, as above recorded, was then an-
nounced.
Mr. GROW moved that the vote by which the
bill was passed be reconsidered; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to amend
the title by adding the words " and for other pur-
poses." I wish to say that the title should be
altered, because the bill is for other purposes be-
sides the admission of a State. One provision of
the bill is that five per cent, of the proceeds of the
public lands sold within that State, after deduct-
ing the expenses, shall he paid over to the State
of"Minnesota. I am perfectly willing that that
should be done. But it goes further.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order.
The merits of the bill are not in question on a
motion to amend the title.
The SPEAKER. That is undoubtedly cor-
rect; but it is competent for the gentleman from
Tennessee to speak of a provision of a bill which
is not mentioned in its title.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. The bill goes on
to provide that the State shall vest or appropriate
that five per cent, in the construction of internal
improvements. That is not the admission of the
State. I am willing to give the people of Min-
nesota the five per cent., but it is to be in consid-
eration that they do not tax the public lands. If
that had been provided in the bill, I should have
voted for it.
Mr. GROW. I have only a word to say. The
title of the bill corresponds with its provisions.
I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
! main question ordered; and under its operation,
the amendment of the title was not agreed to.
OREGON STATE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. GROW. The Committee on Territories
j have agreed on a bill similar to this, authorizing
I the people of Oregon to form a State constitution
j and State government; but as gentlemen seem
| to be so much averse to giving this authority,
| which is a mere form, (as the people of the Ter-
j ritory can meet in their Assemblies, and form a
j constitution, and send it here, as well without
i this authority as with it,) I will not therefore
press this bill now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is exactly
my opinion.
REPEAL OF KANSAS LAWS.
Mi. GROW. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Territories to report & bill for the relief
of the people of Kansas. ;
The bill was reported, as follows:
Whereas the President of the United States transmitted
to the House hy message a printed pamphlet purporting to
be the laws of the Territory of Kansas, passed at Shawnee
Mission, in said Territory; and whereas unjust and unwar-
ranted test oaths are prescribed by said laws as a qualifi-
cation for voting or holding office in said Territory; and
whereas the committee of investigation sent by the House
to Kansas—report that said Legislature was not elected by
the legal voters of Kansas, but was forced upon them by non-
residents, in violation of the organic act of the Territory,
and having thus, usurped legislative power, it enacted cruel
and oppressive laws : Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmcrica in Congress assembled) That
all rules or regulations purporting to be laws, or in the form
of law, adopted at Shawnee Mission, in the Territory of
Kansas, by a body of men claiming to be the Jbegisative
Assembly of said Territory, and all acts and proceedings
whatsoever of said Assembly, are hereby declared invalid,
and of no binding force or effect.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further cnactcd. That the Governor of
said Territory shall, as soon as practicable, l>y public proc-
lamation, fix the time and places for an election of members
of the Legislative Assembly, appoint in each district three
competent persons to superintend the election therein, un-
der such rules and regulations as he shall direct, and shall
prescribe the mode and manner for the returns uiercof.
Sec. 3. be it further enacted, That any person offer-
ing to vote at said election whose vote shall be challenged
shall, in addition to the qualifications for voting fixed in the
act of Congress organizing the Territory, prove by his own
oath that he is a bona fide settler of said Territory, and by
the oath of at least two legal voters that lie is, and has been
for one month immediately preceding, an actio] residentof
saul Toiritory, and for fifteen d«iys a resident of the elec-
tion distuct where he offers to vote.
Sec. 4. J3nd be it further enacted, That if any person,not
being an actual inhabitant or resident of the said Territory,
shall cast his vote tit any election which may bo held in the
said Territory by authority of law, such person so offending
shall, on conviction thereof in any criminal court, be pun-
ished by fine, not less than twenty dollars, nor more than
one hnndicd dollar*, and imprisonment not less than two
months, nor more than *ix months. That if any person or
persons .shall come into any election district of said Terri-
tory in armed and organized bodies lor the purpose of par-
ticipating in, disturbing, controlling, or voting at any election
held, or to be held, under the authority of law therein, such
peison or persons so oiVfindmg shall, on conviction thereof
in anv criminal court, be punished by a fine of not less than
one hundred dollars, and not exceeding five hundred dollars,
and imprisonment forateim not less than three months, and
nor exceeding one year.
Skc. 5. Jlnd be it fuilher enacted, That if any person,
being a member or" any such armed and organized bodjr as
described in the preceding section, or connected therewith,
and a non-resident of ihe saul Territory, shall vote at any
election which may bn held in the said Territory byauthor-
ity of law, he shall, on conviction thereof, be punished by
a line of not less than one hundred dollars, and not exceed-
ing five hundred dollais, and by imprisonment for a term of
not less than six months, and not more than two years.
Sec G .find be it farther enacted, That any judge of elec-
tion who shall willfully and knowingly allow any vote to be
polled in violation of the louith and fifth sections of this act,
shall, on conviction thereof, be punished by a fine of not
less than fifty dollars, nor more than three hundred dollars,
and imprisonment for a term of not less than six months,
nor more than one year. That all offenses under this act
may he prosecuted by indictment in any criminal court
having jurisdiction of felonies or misdemeanors committed
in said Territory. All laws, rules, or regulations inconsist-
ent with the provisions of this act arc hereby declared null
and void.
Mr. GROW moved the previous question, and
that the bill and extra copies of the report accom-
panying it be printed.
The motion to print extra copies was referred
under the rules to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Can the gentleman
from Pennsylvania make two motions at the same
time ?
The SPEAKER. It is the common practice
of the House, when a member has the floor to
submit a motion, that he may submit a second
motion at the same time. It has been so held on
appeal.
Mr, CLINGMAN. I move to lay the bill on
the table; and on that I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 86, nays 92; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Barksdale, llendJey S.
Bennett, Bocock, Howie, Boyce, Branch, Burnett, va"'
walader, Carhle, Caskm, Clmgman, Howell Cobb, William-
son R. W. Cobb, Cox, Crawford, Ou!Je , Davidson, Jacob
C. Davis, Denver, Dovvdcll, Elliott, English, Eustis^^vans,
Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Thomas J. 0. Fuller, Garnett,
Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, 3- Morrison Harris,
Herbert, Hickman, IIofFman, Houston, Jevvett, George W.
Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kennett, Lake, Let<-hcr, Lumpkin,
Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Ma^liall.
McMullin, McQueen, Smitli Miller, Mi!Hon, Morr^cm,
Mordecai Oliver, Paine, Peek, 1 helps, Porter, Iowell,
Puryear, Quitman, Ready, Kicaml, EulBn, Rust, Sandidgo,
csav-iirr. s^ward. Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith William R- Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Tal-
fe' Watta5>Wheeler-
Whitney, and Daniel B. VV right 86-
