1857.
THE; CONG SESSIONA L ®LQm.
" inhabitants of" in the first section, and insert
thereof the words "citizens of the United States
residing in;" so that it -would read " that the cit-
izens of the United States residing in Oregon be
authorized, &c., to form a State constitution."
Mr. "WHITNEY. I wish to say that, by the
territorial laws, aliens are entitled to vote. Now,
it is not my intention to allow aliens to frame
constitutions for any American State; and that is
the purpose of my amendment. I intend that all
who vote for a State constitution shall be citizens
of the United States. If the people of the Terri-
tory choose to allow aliens to vote in their local
affairs, I cannot reach them; but in this I can, so
far as my rote is concerned. And I will use not
only my vote, but every effort to prevent the votes
ofaiiens being taken to frame a State constitu-
tion.
Mr. LANE. I shall request the committee
to vote down any proposition to amend this bill,
unless it be as to the limits of the State. Now, I
will say to the gentleman from New York, that
the laws of Oregon Territory do not allow aliens
to vote now, nor have we any aliens there claim-
ing the privilege. I will say to him further, that
the first settlers of the country—those who cleared
it, and opened the way for its settlement—were
citizens born out of the United States; and from
that time they have been first in kindness, in de-
votion to our country, and in defending the settle-
ment against the Indians of the country. Would
gentlemen now prevent such men from voting for
such a government as they have to live under ?
They availed themselves of the first opportunity
accorded to them to become American citizens;
and the law of the Legislative Assembly provides
that none other than those who have complied
with the law of the Legislative Assembly regu-
lating the right to vote and hold office shall be
entitled to vote: and who will undertake* to say
that they, the Legislative Assembly, are not the
proper judges of this matter? Those whom the
gentleman from New York calls aliens are his
equals, or any other man's, in merit, or worth, or
devotion to this country, and in every quality
that enters into the composition of a true man.
Mr. TODD. What is the legislation of the
Territory to which the gentleman has referred ?
Mr. LANE. The Territorial Legislature, at
their first session, passed a law authorizing such
persons as had lived in the Territory two years,
and taken the first step towards naturalization, to
v.ote at the next election. But subsequently, a
year or two since, they passed a more stringent
law.
Mr. TODD. In what year?
Mr. LANE. In 1854-55, I believe. Such is
thfe law of the Territory, and there is no necessity
for this amendment, which I hope will be voted
down.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I thought I un-
derstood the gentleman from Oregon to say that
the Territorial Legislature had provided that none
should be permitted to exorcise the right of elect-
ive franchise except citizens of the United States.
Mr. LANE. 1 made no such statement. I
stated that that right was only extended to those
who had taken the first step in naturalization, and
were residents of the Territory for two years.
We have regulated this subjectfor ourselves, and
we want no congressional interference. We only
want to be treated as the people of other Territo-
ries have been treated. We ask only for what
has been extended to the other Territories; only
what has this morning been extended to Minne-
sota. The bill is a good one as it is. I have only
one objection to it—the boundaries, as proposed,
being too confined. And I would ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Teiritories to allow mo
to amenditin that respect by inserting, instead of
120° of longitude, 118°. With that alteration I
think the bill cannot be made better; and I hope
all other amendments will be voted down.
Mr. H. MARSHALL demanded tellers on
Mr. Whitxey's amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Woodruff
and Zolucoffer were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 60, noes 61.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BOWIE. 1 move to amend the first sec-
tion by inserting the words " white male" after
the word "the, in the first line, so as to make it
read: 11 That the white male inhabitants ol that
part of the Territory of Oregon which is em-
braced within the following limits," &c.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
gentleman from Maryland what he will do with
all the other inhabitants that are there? The. per-
sons included in the first section of the bill are
not all voters, as I understand it. It includes all
persons who are in that district of country which
is to be organized into a State.
Mr. WALKER. Is it in order to move an
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Maryland?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. WALKER. Then I move to insert after
the word " inhabitants," the words " who are
citizens of the United States;" so that the clause
shall read: "That the white male inhabitants,
who are citizens of the United States/' &c.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of order.
I ask whether the amendment of the gentleman
from Alabama is in order? The Committee on
Territories reported a substitute for the bill. The
gentleman from Maryland pioposes an amend-
ment to that substitute, which is an amendment
to an amendment. The gentleman from Alabama
now proposes an amendment to that, which is an
amendment in the third degree. If I am right in
my understanding of the facts, the amendment of
the gentleman from Alabama is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment of the gentleman from Alabama
is m order.
The question was taken upon Mr. Walker's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Bowie *8
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. MILLSON. I move lo amend the first
section by adding, after the words " that portion
of Oregon/' the words "being citizens of the
United States."
<Mr. GROW. Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia allow me to say a word to him? This first
section of the bill has nothing whatever lo do
with voting. The thiid section speaks of the
qualified voters who are to take part in choosing
delegates to the convention. This section speaks
only of the inhabitants who are to form the
State.
Mr. MILLSON. And that is the very thing
to which I wish to address myself. The gentle-
man is in error upon that point. The gentleman
from Tennessee made a suggestion just now, and
perhaps it contributed somewhat to defeat the
proposition which has just been voted down. If
the committee will look to the words of this sec-
tion of the bill, they will find that the inhabitants
mentioned therein are not merely organized into
a State—for then the construction would be what
the gentleman maintains; but they declare that
the inhabitants of that portion of Oregon shall—
what? Be authorized to form for themselves a
constitution and State government. Those inhab-
itants, whether citizens or not, arc authorized to
frame a State constitution; and when you come to
the second section, which declares that the " legal
voters" shall be entitled to vote, then, unless this
expression be qualified by the words " citizens of
the United States," the construction given to the
words " legal voters," in the second section, will
be every description of voters, because the second
section will be interpreted through the light of
the first; and if the whole inhabitants be author-
ized to form a constitution, then the whole inhab- j
itants will be considered as legal voters in the
contemplation of the second section.
Now, Mr. Chairman, while I have no sympa-
thies at all with that party in the country which
seems to be most prejudiced on this subject, yet j
I regard the question as one not merely confined j
to that party, but it is one which ought to com- t
mend itself to all of all parties. j
I know that it has been usual in the erection of i
a territorial government to allow the whole m- I
habitants, at the first election, to vote for mem- ,
bers of the Legislature whether they be citizens |
or not—but only at the first election. It was m- j
tended in legal contemplation that the Legislative ;
Assembly should afterwards ascertain the qual- !
ifications of voters, and if they then determined j
that aliens should vote, why, that law is to be sent ;
to Congress for revision, and Congress has always ,
had the privilege of revising and annulling such .j
legislation. But I believe that aliens were never h
before allowed to vote m th . establishment of a '!
constitution or State government. That 1 thi&k
is allowing a privilege to foreigners who owe no
allegiance to our institutions which ought not to
be conceded, for it is the exercise of the very
highest power of legislation. It is not merely-
that affecting the temporary and local interests of'
Oregon Territory, but actually a power affecting
the establishment of a State constitution, for the
purpose of enabling a State to come into the Union
on an equal footing with the original States.
Therefore, sir, believing that the last proposition
has been defeated because of its connection with,
the amendment of the gentleman from Maryland,
proposing to insert the words 41 free white," and;
that there was no sufficient undei standing of the
effect to be produced by the rejection of the
amendment, 1 renew it, in order that the com-
mittee may take a vote on the abstract question
of allowing aliens to vote on the establishment
of a constitution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. lam opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia,
and ask for a vote on it.
Mr, MILLSON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morgan and
Kelly were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 84, noes 35.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BOYCE. I move to add at the end of the
first section the following:
Provided^ it shall appear, on an official census, that the
population of Oregon amounts to ninety-three thousand
four hundred and twenty.
Mr. Chairman,no one expects to keep Oregon
out of the Union; her admission is a question of
time; but it is important that she should come in
with a sufficient population. The most important
principle in reference to the admission of a new
State is, that it shall have the proper number of
inhabitants. Where is this thing to end, if a mere
handful of men here and there can form States
for admission into this Union ? It is a mockery
of our system of Government, that thirty, forty,
or fifty thousand men, here or there, or anywhere
within our limits, shall be allowed to send two
Senators to the other House of Congress. Why,
sir, it brings our whole system into disrepute.
What I insist on is, that no new State shall be
admitted until she has a population equal to that
now necessary to entitle her to a member in this
House. This is a simple and a just principle;
and I shall insist on its application to all States
asking admission into the Union, whether they
come from the North or the South.
Has Oregon this population 5 I doubt it. The
honorable Delegate may be of the opinion that
she has; but I noticed the other day that an
address was delivered in the city of New York
by the bishop of the Territory—a gentleman, I
presume, of high character—in which he repre-
sented the magnitude of Oregon, but only put
down the population of the Territory at fifty
thousand. What we want is that there shall be
a sufficient population. Give us good assurance*
of that, and that moment we will readily agree to
the admission of Oregon.
Mr. BOCOCK. And while it is said that the
people of Oregon amount only to fifty thousand,
it should also be remembered that this bill restricts
the boundaries so as to exclude even some of
them.
Mr. LANE. There are no men in the world
more ignorant than those who talk of w^iat they
know nothing. [Laughter.] The people of Ore-
gon are the best judges of their own wants and
interests. They are ready to assume all the re-
sponsibilities of self-government*, and with refer-
ence to the population of the Territory, I will say
that there is a larger voting population there than
is represented by the gentleman from South Car-
olina.
The people of Oregon are very lemot* from the
Geneial Government; nnd iu their present terri-
torial condition their wants and Necessities cannot
be properly inquired into and satisfied. They
have population sufficient to entitle them to ask
admission into the fTnion as a State, the objection
of my friend the bishop to the contraiy notwith-
standing.
To show how little gentlemen know of Oregon,
her population, &c., I will just mention that my
friend from Virginia [Mr. Smith] just now asked
what v/t" would do with reference to the Hudson s
