THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
Bay Company. If he had known anything about
the Territory—anything of her condition and
affairs, he would not have made the inquiry; and
X say this in all kindness to him. There is not a
single British subject belonging to the Hudson's
Bay Company in Oregon. There are branches of
that company, however, in Washington Terri-
tory ;and the gentleman's colleague [Mr. Bocock]
states that, by this bill, a portion of the people of
Oregon are cut off in the proposed limits of the
new State. Let me tell that gentleman that there
are no white men living east of the proposed line.
It does not, therefore, strike off a single inhab-
itant of Oregon.
We ask only what I think we are entitled to—
the same privileges as have been granted to the
citizens of the other Territories. Discrimination
ought not, and I think will not, be made against
us. The State of Florida does not now give as
many votes as Oregon, yet she has had two Sen-
ators in the other branch of Congress for many
years. And it is insisted by some that Oregon
must not only have a certain population, but that
the Legislative Assembly must not fix the quali-
fications of voters. I beg to say that the men in
that, Assembly are ns good patriots as there are
in the country. They love this Union as they
love their lives. Gentlemen here are to fix these
qualifications—gentlemen who know nothing of
the Territory, or her people and their desires.
Leave this matter lo her people there, and justice
wiil be done; but if gentlemen desire to defeat this
bill, and that the people of Oregon shall not be
treated as the other Territories have been, as
Minnesota has been, then be it so.
Such has boon the case in other matters rela-
ting to Oregon; and if my friends wish to visit any
wrong upon that Territory, let them do it. But
I will ask, in all conscience and in all kindness,
that justice shall be done them, that this bill shall
be passed without these amendments, and that
you will leave it to your humble servant to speak
for the people of Oregon. I am sure none of these
gentlemen an* more devoted to this Union, to the
Constitution, and to the rights of the States of
the Union, than i ton. Then why not pass this
bill, and treat without invidious discrimination
the people of that Territory, as other people are
treated?
i ask that (lie committee will vote down all
these amendments, and pass the bill as it is; or
else, if they are determined to defeat it, let them
defeat it.
The question was taken upon Mr. Boyce's
iimcndiii'iit; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 rise to a question of order.
I desire to know if the substitute of the Commit-
tee on Territories is a substitute for the first sec-
tion alone ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is a substitute for the
entire bill.
The Clerk then read the second section, as fol-
lows:
flrcc. 2. Jliui be it further enacted, That the said State
of Oregon bluitl have concurrent juiibdietion on the Colum-
bia uml all ether nver^ and water.-* bordenng on the said
Suit,' oi Oiegoti. ho far - the same shut! form a common
bound ay to sunt Seuc and any other State or States now or
hen-aiter to be Shrined or bounded by the same; and said
river and waters, and tile navigable waters leading into the
eauie, whall be ronuuon highways, and forever tree, as vveit
to tip- inhabitants of ^md f-hate as to all other citizens of
the United Sinte-:, without am uu, duty, impost, or toll
tlf,' 'or.
Mr. H,MARSHALL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman who leported this bill a question in refer-
ence to this second section. I want to know what
he moons by jurisdiction over " rivers and waters,
and the navigable waters leading into the same?"
Aro «e giving jurisdiction to the State of Oregon
ovef Uie ■ '" n that borders upon it?
Mr. LANK. It refers to Columbia river, which
js die dividing line between Washington and
Ore'.'oti.
i\] r. H • MA RSHA LL. The bill says that the
State ut'Oregon shall have concurrent jurisdiction
on tiie Columbia and all other rivers and waters
bordering 011 the said State of Oregon, so far as
the same shall form n common boundary to said
State and any other State or States now or here-
after to be formed or bounded by the same; and
said mxr and waters, and the navigable waters
leading into the same, shall be common highways,
and forever free.
Mr. GROW. Unless the sea leads into the
Columbia river it is all right.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. It may not be.
Mr. GROW. I can only state to the gentleman
that that clause is identical with one in the bill
authorizing the people of Wisconsin to form a
State constitution. In this case, if the Pacific
ocean leads into the Columbia river, we give ju-
risdiction over the ocean by this clause; but if not,
then we do not.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I propose to strike
out the word "waters" where it occurs the last
time but one.
Mr. LANE said: If gentlemen mean to kill
this bill 
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I assure the Delegate
from Oregon there is no.member of this House
who is less disposed to embarrass this bill than
myself; but I consider it as a matterof importance
that we weigh this phraseology, and know what
it means. The Territory of Oregon is bounded
on one side by the sea; and here, in the bill, seems
to be an attempt to give to the State of Oregon
jurisdiction over the waters which make her
boundaries. If I believed that jurisdiction passed
by the phraseology to the extent of giving Oregon
maritime jurisdiction, I for one should not be in-
clined to vote for the bill.
Mr. LANE. We do not want maritime juris-
diction.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Then I desire to see
the bill guarded, so that there may be no ambi-
guity.
Mr. HAVEN. I only desire to say a word.
I am in favor of this bill with proper amendments
to it, but I suggest to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky that this section is not objectionable. The
first part of the section gives only concurrent
jurisdiction. I suppose the object is that the
State of Oregon, when formed, may be able to
execute its civil and criminal process upon the
waters which border upon the State, or in the
bays or harbors of the Pacific ocean. In that
view it is unobjectionable, and the amendment is
unnecessary.
Mr. II. MARSHALL. Well, then, let it go.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was not agreed to.
The Clerk then read the third section.
Mr, 1-1. MARSHALL. I move to amend the
third section by inserting, after the ninth line, the
words:
Provided, That only citizens of the United States shall
be entitled to vole at tlie elections provided for by this law.
I do not desire to discuss this proposition. The
amendment itself indicates sufficiently my object.
But I will make this single remark: that in making
the constitution of a State I believe it is unsound
policy to allow any but citizens of the United
States to vote. Here I make that point, and take
my stand.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If I held a resi-
dence in Oregon, or in any other Territory of the
United States, I would there act as I do in the
State of which I am an inhabitant and resident.
I would advocate the exercise of the right of suf-
frage by free white male citizens of the United
States, twenty-one years of age, and of a certain
specific length of residence within that Territory
or State. But, sir, I believe that these people are
competent to govern themselves, to make their
constitution, to prescribe the qualifications of
voters; and I, for one, can vote for no proposition
which will repeal any law which the people them-
selves have passed through their Legislature, or
which they may pass on this subject. It is their
business, and not mine. If they form their State
constitution they will then have the right to admit
whom thoy please to the exercise of suffrage, and
this Government can have no control over it,-.
They are now taking the initiatory steps to make
a State: it is for them to determine what are to be
its features.
Mr. WALKER. I ask whether, under the
organic law constituting Oregon into a Territory,
Congress did not reserve to itself power over the
acts of the Territorial Legislature?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My recollection
is that Congress specified the qualifications of
voters for the first election, and the qualifications
for office; and after that it was to be subject to
the regulations of the Legislature of the Terri-
tory. if Congress did reserve the revisory power,
it was in violation of the great law of self-govern-
ment—a law wliieh I will not violate by now
voting to repeal it
Mr. HAVEN asked for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Talbott
and Puryear were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 77, noes 49.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIDSON moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. AKERS moved to amend the amendment
last adopted by adding the words " to hold office."
Mr. H. MARSHALL. It is not in order to
go back and amend the matter which has been
inserted. Present a distinct and new proposition.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to move an amend-
ment. I propose to strike out the vvords in the
eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, and fourteenth lines,
as follows:
" First determine by a vote whether it is the wish of the
people of the proposed State to be admitted into the (Jnion
at that time ; and if so"—
ao as to make the third section read:
That on the first Monday in July next the legal voters in
each representative district then existing within the limits of
the pioposed State, are hereby authorize^ to elect two del-
egates for cacli representative to which said district may be
entitled according to the apportionment for representatives
to the Territorial Legislature; which election for delegates
shall be held and conducted, and the returns made, in al 1
respects in conformity with the laws of said Territory reg-
ulating the election of representatives: Provided, That
only citizens of the United States shall be entitled to vote
at the election provided for by this law ; and the delegates
so elected shaif assemble at the capitol of said Territory on
tile second Monday in August next, and shall proceed to
form a constitution, and take ali necessary steps for the
establishment of a State government, in conformity with
the Federal Constitution, subject to the approval and ratifi-
cation of the people of the proposed State.
It seems to me that this is rather a singular pro-
vision of the bill. Here are delegates to be elected
to form a State constitution, and the first thing
the delegates are to do after they assemble in
convention is to decide whether the people want
a State government or not. Let them assemble
there if the people elect them. Let them form a
constitution, and let them submit the question to
the people as to whether or not they will adopt
the constitution. But here the whole power is
given to the convention itself to decide whether
the people are to form a State constitution.
Mr. GROW. I have no objection to the amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I move to strike
out the words " people of the proposed State,"
and in lieu thereof to insert:
Citizens of the United States residing in the proposed
State, who are by this law legally qualified to vote at the
election of Delegates?.
Mr. Chairman, it is necessary that this alter-
ation should bo made, in order to make sense of
the section in connection with the amendment
already adopted.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KUNKEL. As the object sought by the
amendment of which I gave notice is already
accomplished, I will not offer it at this time.
Mr. LETCHER. To make the fourth section
conform with the third, as amended, I move to
strike out the words1' said convention," and in sert
" the people."
Mr. WALKER. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Virginia that his amendment is not
large enough to meet his purpose. It seems to
me that the substitution of the words " the peo-
ple" for " said convention" will not meet his
object. Theamendmentadopted in the third sec-
tion, on his motion, provides for the reference of
the constitution framed by " said convention" to
the people for their final action, before they apply
here for admission into the Union. This is in
accordance with the practice of all our new States.
The people select their delegates. These dele-
gates assemble in convention. They form a con-
stitution. They publish it with an ordinance, and
submit it to a vote of the people. When the con-
stitution is adopted by a vote of the people, the
matteris complete. I ask the gentleman to modify
his amendment, so as fo provide for these things.
Unless we do that, the bill, even if it passes,falls
to the ground.
