1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and the Department hereafter, and I think these
words do it. But I suggest that the proviso as it
now reads would apply to a new contractor as
well as the present one, and there should be some
words to show that the increased sum shall be
paid to ihe present contractor. The word " pres-
ent" inserted in the proper place would answer
the purpose.
I have made two or three interlineations which
I think wlli remove the objection: After the word
" that" insert the word " if;" and after the words
"paid to" insert "the present;" and after the
word " only" the words " be so paid;" so that
the proviso will read:
Provided, That if such increased sum, over and above
the contract puce, he paid to the preseut contractoi, it shall
only bo ^o paid at tli<* end of each year, and upon the faith-
ful performance of his contiuet.
The amendments to the amendment were agreed
to, and the amendment as amended was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. It was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
JOHN MITCHELL.
Mi*. MALLORY. J would say to my friend
from Virginia that i will not occupy the floor of
the Senate five minutes, if he will ]et me have it
that long. A hill has been put into my hands,
which was reported from the Committee on Pen-
sions, that appeals to the Senate very strongly,
and may be passed immediately, '.there is an
individual, an old soldier, who lost both of his
arms in firing a salute on the occasion of one of
our battles in Mexico, while on board a national
vessel in the service of the United States. The
Committee on Pensions have reported a bill in-
creasing his pension ten dollars a month, lie is
in a very destitute condition. It is important, if
he gets any benefit at all this winter, that the bill
should pass now, and go to the House of Repre-
sentatives. I will ask the permission of the Sen-
ator from Virginia to take it up. It if the bill
(S. No. 48fi) for the relief of John Mitchell, of
the District of Columbia.
There being no objection, the bill was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It directs the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of John Mitchell on the
pension roll at the rate of thirty dollars instead
of twenty dollars per month, as per act of May
15,1820.
Mr. MALLORY. If the Senate require it, I
will read the report.
Several Senators. It is not necessary.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of th<* Whole,
"resumed the consideration of the bill (II. R. No.
G14) making appropriations for the curront and
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30, 1858;
the pending question being on the amendment
offered by the Committee on Finance to add the
following at the end of the bill:
t For the general incidental expenses of the Indian service
fn Oregon Teriliory, including insurance and transportation
of annuities, goods, and presents, and oflice and traveling
•^expenses of the superintendent, agents, and sub-agents,
$39,500.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I believe X had
the floor on that amendment when the Senate
last had this bill under consideration. I have
not been able to obtain all the information I de-
sired; but I hope I shall get the ear of the Senate
for a few moments. I was remarking, when the
bill was last under consideration, that in addition
to the ordinary appropriations for the Indian ser-
vice made by the House of Representatives, the
amendments of the Committee on Finance pro-
pose to appropriate a gross sum of $i,000,000,
and of that $1,000,000 about $700,000 are pro-
posed to be voted to the Territories of Oregon
and Washington. I wish to ask a single question,
for information, of the chairman of the Committee ;
on Finance—whether the Governor of the Terri-
tory of Washington, and the Governor of the Tcr-
ntoiy of Oregon, are not also superintendents of
Indian affairs.- Is that so?
Mr. HUNTER. The Governor of Washing-
ton is superintendent there. There is a separate
superintendent for Oregon.
Mr. HALE. The Governor of Washington
is superintendent of Indian affairs in that Terri-
tory. Well, sir, I am opposed to appropriating
a single dollar to be expended by that officer,
anyhow; and I will state my reasons. I intend
to detail to the Senate a little of the proceedings
of tlus Governor of Washington; and I think the
Senate will find that there never have been, under
our Government, and never were under the Gov-
ernment of Rome, in its most remote provinces,
such outrageous, high-handed proceedings as
this Governor of Washington has been guilty of,
and the knowledge of the facts has been lying in
the Executive Departments for several months.
Mr. WELLER. I understand the chairman
ot the Committee on Indian Affairs proposes in
this bill to separate the office of superintendent
of Indian affairs from the governorship of Wash-
ington Territory.
Mr. HALE. I am glad of that, but it does
not obviate my objection. If I cannot get the
ear of the Senate, I will try to get the ear of
the country, on this matter. The Governor of
Washington occupies exactly this position, as
will be found by documents laid before the Senate
in answer to a resolution of the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. O&ss,"} early in August last.
The Governor of Washington, finding h state of
hostilities which, if the leport of our odicers is
to be believed, lie had provoked for the purpose of
making war on tin; Treasury of the United States—
and when f state this I do not state the ease
differently from General Wool himself—and,
suspecting that there were a certain number of
individuals living at a place a little remote from
his residence who were guilty of favoring the
Indians in ihc hostilities which then had been
commenced, of his own will, without any com-
plaint, without any warrant, arrested seven men,
citizens of the United States, .removed them out
of the county, and sent them to another place, ns
prisoners, and detailed a court-martial of mihtia
officers of his own appointment to try them for
treason.
These are facts which appear by official docu-
ments. I will give a condensed statement of
them, without reading the documents. These
individuals then made application to the United
States judge of that district for a writ of habeas
corpus. When Governor Stevens found out that
they were applying to a judge of the United
States court for a writ ot" habeas counts, to iclease
them from this illegal imprisonment, he issued
his proclamation proclaiming martial law m the
Territory, and assigned as a reason for proclaim-
ing maitial law the veiy fact that these persons
had applied to a judge of the United States court
for a writ of habeas corpus I
The judge held his court; and while he was
holding court Governor Stevens marched in with
an armed band of his own soldiers, arrested the
judge on the bench, took him out of the court,
and carried him not only out of the court-house,
but out of the county to another place, Olympia,
where the Governor then resided. After he nad
been carried there, the judge was notified that he
was no longer a prisoner, and was turned loose
in the town of Olympia. .By and by the regular
day for holding the term of the court in Olympia
arrived, and martial law not having been pro-
claimed in that county, the judge opened his court
to go on with his business. I may not be able to
give these proceedings in the exact order in which
they occurred, but they will be found in the printed
documents. A motion was made for Governor
Stevens to .show cause why he should not be dealt
with for contempt. The judge sent his marshal;
and he made return that he had been forcibly
opposed by Governor Stevens. Thereupon the
rule was made absolute on the Governor to come
in; but instead of coming in to obey the process
of the court, he came with another armed band,
and again arrested the judge and carried him out
of the court, and proclaimed martial law in that
county.
This in your Governor; this is his proceeding!
These facts have all been before the Executive,
and before the Senate since the 15th of last August.
He has not only put at defiance the civil author-
ity of the United States; but when a requisition
was made on him by Lieutenant Colonel Casey,
the United States officer commanding the Puget
Sound district, for some aolcfiers to be put under
his command, Governor Stevcfts makes this
answer:
Executive Office, Washington Territory,
Olympia, Mar<zh 16,185$.
Sir : Your letter calling upon me for two companies,#/
volunteers, to he mustered into the reaulrir service, lias
been reemved, and, m anticipation of my full reply, I will
state that the requisition will not be complied with. I
not consider it expedient to change the plan of the cam-
paign, nor the organization of the troops, so far as the vol-
unteers are concerned.
Truly and respectfully, your most obedient servant,
IS A AO J. STEVENS,
Governor Washington Territory*
Lieutenant Colonel Su.as Casry,
CominaruVmg Pu et Sound District.
This is the way Governor Stevens treated the
requisition. In a letter which General Wool
published in the Washington Intelligencer, dated
the 2d of April, 1856, he says he called on Gov-
ernor Curry, of Oregon, for four companies,
" which he refused, because, as lie said, the Ore-
gonians would not serve under the United States
officers." Perhaps I had better read the state-
ment of General Wool in relation to the proceed-
ings in this Territory. He says;
44 I had determined, however, if it was possible, to take
possession of the VValla-VVaila country before winter had
fairly eomincnced, not because I considered it in any respect
necessary lor the defense or protection of the inhabitants
of Oregon or Washington Territory. The Indiana iu that
region, two hundred miles distant, could, not pass tije Cas-
cade range of mountains, then eoveied Willi aeveial fret
of snow. The only route by winch they could reach iImj
settlements of Oiegon was by the Dalles', wheie we had a
sutlieient tegular foice to lepel aii the Indian* in Washing-
ton Temtory. My object was dimply to oveuuve these
lubes, and to pi event them fiom muting with the Yakinus,
the authors ot the war. They had net vet taken pan in the
vvai,at least the> had not then killed a white man. To
accomplish niypuipo'-o no time was to be lo-t. Accord-
ingly 1 diieeted Major <.'ro*i>, chief quiiitermaj-ter in my
stall, to procure, if piaeticahle. the imams ol transput tation.
" Governor Cutry, however'"—
the same man who refused to put his soldiers
under the United States officers—
i( had brought two regiments of mounted men in the field
at an enormous expense. Nothing had yet been accom-
plished by them, and certainly not by the regiment intended
to operate against the Jndumb m Washington Territory.
Something had to bo done, A tight with the Jndian*-, no
matter whether friends or enemies, was indispensable to
excite the sympathy of the nation, mid especially Congress,
or the propriety of paying contributions, ?o proiuaelyievjed
on the people of Oregon, might he questioned, Accordingly,
Colonel Nesmith was ordered by Governor Curry, with his
command, to march against the Walla-Wallas, where
Major Chmu, with four companies, had been previously
ordered. On an inspection ot the hor&es of the colonel's
command, although hut twenty flays m the field, tliey were
prouounecd unfit for that service. Several companies,
however, were prepared, and under the command of Lieu-
tenant Colonel Kelly, a member of the Legislature of Ore-
gon, joined Major China, who, instead of going to Walla-
walia, where he was ordered by Governor Curry, took post
on ihe Umatilla, thirty miles distant, because, as he re-
ported, then; were one thousand Indians iu and about the
fort. Although in tin** position for several weeks, and fre-
quently sending scouts within a mile or two of the Indians,
he was neither molested nor mterfeicd with. Lieutenant
Colonel Kelly, on joining Majoi Ciunn, moved against Fort
Walla-Walla, but found no Indians there. He then moved
up the river Toiiehot, where he was met by the chief, l'm-
pm-mox-mo$, with a flag of truce."
X ask the attention of the Senate to see how the
Indian who came with the Hag of truce was
served:
" He said he was for peace; that he did not wish to fight,
that his people did not wish to fight, and that if any of his
tyoung men had done wrong he was prepared to make ies-ti-
tution. It he could not return the goods wrongfully taken,
he would pay for them, being abundantly able to do t-o!
When the volunteers «aid they were m want of ptovi-sion-s,
he offered them cattle. He was rich in money and caule.
The volunteers replied he had better go hack and fight. lie
refused, and with hi- companions, lour (Lieutenant Ccionel
Kelly says six) in number, was taken prisoner, and sent
guarded to the volunteer camp. The volunteers.then com-
menced the attack upon his people, winch was continued
for four days, without any great loss, on pitherwde, when the
Walla-Wallas, having secured their women and children,
crossed Snake rivet. The second or third day of the engage-
ment the volunteers batbarou-ly killed I'm-Pni-mox-mux
and hia companion-. They took fiom the chiefs? li'wl spine
twenty scalps, cut ofl'his ears and hands,and sent them as
trophies to then fuends in Oiegon."
That is the way the United States forecs worn
used under the command of your Governor in
that Territory. They took a (savage chief, who
came with a flag of truce, offering restitution,
offering money, ofTeringfriendahip,and they tn'.d
him he had better go back and fight. He would
not do so; and .then they seized bin), killed him,
and cut twenty scalps from ins head. That is the
position which the united States, under this Gov-
ernor, occupyinthis Territory; and we are asked
