ms
THE CONGRESSIONAL 'GsLOfrE.
January 31.
I have-directed agents Miller and Metealf; and sub-agent
Brew, to inform me, as definitely as possible, wliat part was
taken in tiie lare war by the Indians m charge ot each.
Very respeetftlly, yoar obedient servant, HEDQEg
Superintendent Indian Affairs.
•tlon. George W. Mantpenny,
Commissioner Indian Jlffavrs, Washington City, IJ. L.
Mr. President, it will be found, too, in a letter
from Governor Stevens, that he says the policy
III regard to treaties which has been pursued in
Washington TAritory, has not led to those dif-
ficulties which are ascribed to it. On that I will
not pretend to pronounce. I thfnk it but just to
him 10 say, that he declares in this letter that but
for those treaties we should have had a general
Indian war. He says it was owing to that cause
that he was enabled to preserve peace with a por-
tion of the tribes, by getting them off on these
reservations, where they could be kept to them-
selves and fed.
But, sir, it is not to be disputed that great dif-
ficulties exist there and elsewhere in regard to
the number of these treaties, and in regard to the
fact, not only that they are made so rapidly, but
that many of them are lying over not ratified.
We do not know what policy is to be pursued in
regard to them until the Senate shall determine. It
is n.uil, and doubtless it is true, that when one of
these treaties is made, expectations are created 011
tiir part of the Indians, and unless some of those
i'limrs are done which are stipulated to be done
in (he treaty, they are likely to become discon-
tinued, which is a cause of outbreak and war.
When you come to look at the table furnished by
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, showing the
number of acres to which the Indian title has been
extiiu'uishcd by treaties that have been ratified,
and the number of acres to which it will be ex-
tinguished if treaties not yet ratified be confirmed,
giving 11 list of those acted on and those not acted
011, it seems to me it ought to admonish the Senate
of the necessity of getting this subject out of the
way, so that (he Indians may know what, they
have lo expect, and that the Indian agents and
Indian department may know how to regulate
their conduct.
I doubt not that the Senator from Tennessee,
who is so largely experienced in these matters,
and so well acquainted with litem, will he able to
suggest something to relieve us of this difficulty.
Of course, in regaiii to this matter, we must, look
to the Committee on Indian Allairs, of which he
is so justly deemed an ornament, for assistance
to relieve us from this difficulty; and it is one of
the things which ought to he done at once. We
ouirht to know which of the treaties are to be
ratified, and which aie not. We ought to know
whether this policy is to be continued or discon-
tinued. It necessary for the proper dispatch of
Indian alfairs everywhere.
Now, all that I have to say in regard to these
items is, that I have laid before you w hatever evi-
dence is before the Department, whatever is fur-
nished to myself. There are other letters hearing
on this subject, which can be read if any Senator
desires to hear them. I!ut I have shown the
opinions of the agents and the opinions of the
Department. I have shown that the appropria-
tions now proposed are less than the expenditures
for this year—less than the appropriations made
last session fortius year. I have shown that all
the reasons which could have justified these ap-
propriations then, against which nothing was
said, existed now to a still greater extent in regard
to these items; for it is said that it has been
proved that the peaceful policy of the Indian de-
partment has done much towards averting a gen-
eral war. Of course, it was speculation—it was
theory at first. Now they say they have expe-
rience. All I have to say in conclusion, in regard
to them is, that if the Senator from Tennessee will
point out any one of them that is not necessary,
and show mo how he can reduce any one of the'm
witii safety, t will vote with him with pleasure.
i\fr. BELL, of Tennessee. Mr. President, I
think my honorable friend from Virginia has
showt* a little feeling in his mode of replying to
the remarks which 1 submitted the other day, and
lie will pardon me if I review some of them briefly.
I stated distinctly in regard to every item which
came up for examination, commencing with the
appropriation proposed for the reservations in
Texas, that I was not sufficiently informed on the
subject to know how I ought to vote, and that I
was not prepared to vote against any one of them.
Having adopted this policy some two or three
years ago, and having created expectations by
it, I did not-suppose that we could now suddenly
abandon it, and refuse to make any appropria-
tions to carry it out; but I called on the chairman
of the Committee on Finance, as these several
items were presented to the Senate for considera-
tion, not to go into an elaborate exposition of the
situation of these reservations, and showhowfar
they had been successful in every respect, but to
give us such general information as would show
that the policy ought to be prosecuted, and that
the appropriations now asked for were justified
by past experience,and were reasonable in them-
selves. The Senator from Virginia, then, after
some of my first remarks, stated that he had no
particular information on the subject except the
estimates which were sent from the Department.
His committee thought proper, as I inferred from
what he said, to cut down the estimates arbitra-
rily. He admitted that he had 110 distinct and
particular information on that subject, and I ex-
onerated him from any great degree of responsi-
bility. I said that he stood at the head of the
first committee of this body—as the guardian of
llio Treasury 011 the one hand,and of the public
interest, on the other, and that that committee
assumed the exclusive supervision of the exam-
inations which took place before the committees
of this House in reference to every appropriation
bill. The honorable Senator said expressly that
he had no other information except that contained
in the estimates.
Mr. HUNTER. No other information in
regard to the reservations.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. That is what T
mean. Now, the Senator twits me with having
called on him for information, although I occu-
pied,as he is pleased to say, a prominent position
upon the Committee 011 Indian Affairs. He seems
to consider it my appropriate and peculiar duty
to look into everything connected with the appro-
priations proposed for the Indian service. He
says the papers were lying on his table which
afforded the information that I called for, and if
1 had been as diligent as I ought to have been,as
a member of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and as it was to be presumed I had been, I would
have turned to the documents at once.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator is mistaken; I
alluded to the President's message, which had
been printed, not to what is on my table.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The first part of
the President's message and documents is all we
have yet, and in that volume the report of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs contains three
hundred closely-printed pages. The Senator from
Virginia himself, although he has assumed to
present these estimates, and recommend the adop-
tion of these amendments, never read the report
himself; for he admitted, the other day, that he
had no information upon the subject of these
reservations.
Now, with regard to my position upon the
Committee 011 Indian Affairs, I have to inform
my friend that I am at the tail of that committee.
Instead of being prominent on it, I am the last on
the list and the least relied upon. I may be sup-
posed to have been put on that committee as a
sort of make-weight—as a supernumerary.. That,
however, is not of much consequence. The fact
is, that the subject has not been referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs. I do not know
even that the message of the President has been
referred to them. If it had been, we might, if wo
bad some slack time and could withdraw our
attention from the other great subjects of public
interest continually before this body at the short
session, undertake to examine this whole policy
and see wherein it ought to be continued or
amended. There are energy, industry, and patri-
otism enough 011 that committee to induce them
to do so if they had time; but how could they do
so? 1 believe the first volume of the President's
message and documents containing the report of
theCommissioner of Indian Affairs, has only been
printed and laid on our tables within the last ten
or twelve days.
Mr. WELLER. That is the fact.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Then how could
j we have had an opportunity to investigate this
. subject ? Moreover, if we are to be presumed at
' all times to be an fait on every matter connected
-with Indian affairs, and ready to communicate
any information, especially .as to what ought to
be done in regard to the continuation of this policy
of Indian reservations, ought not the Committee
on Finance to have called upon us for that inform-
ation ? But, sir, the Committee on Indian Affairs
have no control over the appropriation bills for
the Indian service. The Committee on Finance
claim — 1 will not say arrogate —the exclusive
jurisdiction over appropriation bills. I made the
question some two or three years ago, whether
the appropriation bills ought not to be distributed
among the committees, who are presumed to be
best informed on those branches of the public
service to which they relate,,and who must be
supposed to have a more familiar knowledge of
them than the Committee on Finance can have ?
It is to be presumed that the minds and thoughts
and labors of the members of the Committee on
Finance will be mainly employed in looking into
the sources of our revenue, in examining our
general revenue system, and seeing whether it
ought to be enlarged or cut down in any rcspect.
It is their province to look.at the tariff, to see
what should be done with the surplus in the
Treasury, or what measures, should be adopted
to fill the Treasury whenever there is a want of
money. These arc the great,topics to which.it
was supposed the Committee on Finance ought
to direct their main attention. But instead of that,
they claim superintendence and control over every
appropriation bill that comes here from the House
of Representatives. The Committee on Indian
Affairs is never consulted in regard to the Indian
appropriation bill, nor the Committee on Military
Affairs in regard to the Army appropriation bill,
nor the Committee on Naval Affairs in regard
to the naval appropriation bill, although, by the
position assigned those committees in the organ-
ization of this body, they ought to be presumed
to be better informed than anybody else on those
branches of the public service specially committed
to their charge. The Committee on Finance,
however, absorb the whole.
When, the other day, I addressed my inquiries
to the Senator from Virginia, I was not disposed
to attach blame. Knowing the course of pro-
ceedings here—knowing that the Committee on
Finance claimed exclusive control of this sub-
ject, I thought the chairman of that committee
ought, like "the Chancellor of the Exchequer in
the House of Commons of England, to be ready
to explain the propositions which he brings for-
ward in conformity with the general estimates of
the Government. Of course I did not suppose
that he would be ready to explain every little
minutice connected with the public service, but I
thought his committee ought, at all times, to be
prepared to give such general information as
would be satisfactory to the members of this
body, and reasonably satisfactory to the country
Considering the extraordinary services which
that committee has to perform, I attached n.o
blame to the chairman for not being able fully to
satisfy my inquiries; but now he seems to be
disposed to carry the war into Africa, to review
my whole course in relation to Indian affairs and
Indian appropriations. He alludes especially to
the appropriation for the Indians on the reserva-
tions m Texas, and the enormous amounts—
thirteen millions, in all, he says —which have
been appropriated, from time to time, to the
Cherokees, the Choctaws, the Creeks, and the
Chickasaws. He says that I made no opposition
to those appropriations, and seems to infer from
that fact that there is some partiality on my side—
some blindness, some prejudice, some inconsist-
ency, so that I ought not to bo heard when I take
what he supposes to be captious and unfounded ^
objections to the large appropriation? now pro-
posed.
I said, the other day, that I was :not prepared
to vote against any one of the appropriations now
asked for by the amendments which the Senator
from Virginia has reported to this bill. I stated
then that I wanted light—-I desired information.
The first question which I put to him was m
regard to the appropriation for the reservations
i| of the Texas Indians. He said he had noinform-
j ation as to the progress.of the policy in Texas,
but that he had the estimates. I then called on the
I honorable Senator from Texas, [Mr. Rcsk,] and
1 he stated that he had no particular information,
' although he was the Senator representing tjiat
