THE CONGRESSIONAL 6I0BE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C." RIVEsT WAimNGTONTBTcT
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1857.
New Series,...,No. 34 
State; but lie believed, from gome knowledge
which had come within his reach, that there were
about twenty-five hundred Indians on the reser-
vations; and that wild Indians were being brought
in, either rapidly or occasionally, to add to the
twenty-five hundred. I said that this was a
smaller number than we might reasonably have
expected since the policy had been put into oper-
ation—this being its third year; but I would let
that pass, and I did not vote against that appro-
priation; for I could not say that $85,000 was an
unreasonable appropriation for that object.
When we came to the next item, making ap-
propriation for the California reservations, I
asked for information modestly, not intending to
be offensive in my mode of proceeding towards
the^ Senator from Virginia, or the committee of
which he ig the head. I asked for some inform-
ation in relation to the progress of the policy
which had been inaugurated two or three years
ago in California. I did not oppose the appro-
priation for that State. It was passed sub sitentio,
in part on the information given by the Senator
from California, [Mr. Weller,] that there were
four or five reservations in that State, and that, as
far as his information extended, there was not a
great number of Indians located on these reserva-
tions; but that they were in the neighborhood in
great numbers, and that in the season when the
acorns, their ordinary source of subsistence, were
exhausted, they would come into the reservations
to get supplies; but how many were permanently
located on the reservations ho did not know.
Mr. WELLER. 1 said some five thousand or
six thousand.
Mr. BELL, of Tonnes see. But that was con-
jecture. The Senator from Virginia knew noth-
ing. Just as he stated in reference to the appro-
priations asked for in Texas, he was in regard to
those for California, uniformed, except by the
estimates; but still the committee had thought
proper to cut down the estimates. This I de-
nominated as somewhat of an arbitrary proceed-
ing, founded upon no just information. I think
now, as I thought then, that the information
upon that subject ought to be specific and in de-
tail. We ought to know what has been the prog-
ress of this policy in California—what has been
done in its third year. The Senator from Cali-
fornia told us lhat one year there were thirteen
hundred acres in wheat.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will refer to
the documents from Superintendent Henley, he
will find a great deal on the subject.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I am not denying
that; but I think that information was not in the
possession of the Senator from Virginia anymore
than of myself when I took my exceptions.
Mr. HUNTER. I will say in regard to that
point, that I had the general impressions of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs in reference to it,
but I had not the special report of Superintendent
Henley. It turns out, however, that it was pub-
lished, and ought to have been in the possession
of both of us.
Mr. BELL, ofTennessee. The honorable Sen-
ator ought to do me the justice to say that he was
as ignorant as I was. It is* not more than ten
days, as the Senator from Californiahas admitted,
since the document was printed and laid on our
tables. It never was before the Committee on
Indian Affairs. It was not to be presumed that
we could have the knowledge of this report.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 cannot admit the Senator's
statement in regard to myself, because he says he
never read the report of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, and I had read the report, but not
the accompanying documents.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. That was general
information, to be sure, which 1 had not. It had j
not been laid before me. The subject has not
been before the Committee on Indian Affairs in
the few meetings that we have had since the doc-
ument was printed. I have inquired whether,
according to custom, the report of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs has been printed sepa-
rately, and I am informed that it nas not been.
34
There are three hundred pages of the report of
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs transmitted
in one of the large volumes of matter communi-
cated with the President's message. It was a
sealed book not only to me, but to the Senate
generally, until within the last few days.
Mr. WELLER. If the Senator from Tennes-
see desires any information now in regard to the
reservations in California, 1 can furnish it to him.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I am replying to
the Senator from Virginia. He says that I should
have referred to the document before assailing
these appropriations. I say again he does me
injustice. I stated then that I was riot prepared
to vote against any one of them; but 1 wanted
information on the subject. I have not had time
to exaftiine the report of Superintendent Henley.
The fact is, that I did not expect this subject
would como tip to-day, or I might have been more
particular; nor could I have anticipated the attack
which has been made on my course in relation
to this bill by the Senator from Virginia. I do
not see in the report of Mr. Henley any specific
details, but he gives us something of the progress
of the location of the Indians.
Mr. HUNTER, lie gives the numbers in each
reservation, and states the whole at about ten
thousand.
Mr. II ELL, of Tennessee. I did not vote against
the appropriations for the California. Indians, rely-
ing on the infoi matiou communicated by the Sen-
ator iiom California. I find in Mr. Henley's re-
port as to one leservation, he Kays, "the reser-
vation is m a prosperous condition. The number
of Indians who reside here is seven hundred."
lie next refers to other reservations, and says,
" there arc about three thousand Indians in the
vicinity of these farms." If I weie to criticise tins
report ol the superintendent I would not know
whether all the seven hundred Indians resided on
the first reservation, for afterwards he speaks of
three thousand residing in the vicinity.
Mr. WELLER. liy referring to page 79G of
the first part of the President's message and doc-
uments, the Senator will imd this statement bv
Mr. Henley:
"The number of" Indian* now collected and upon
resoivarious is •
At Klamath o,r,()0
At Nome I, vice a,OLIO
.At Afomio'-iiio f.Ci)
At Fresno   900
At To|on    'iOO
Af Nome Cult valley, (attached to Nome Laeke).3,000
At Kind's river, (attached to Fresno) 400
Making in all IOjOOO1'
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Are those Indians
fixed and residing on farms ? Are they cultiva-
ting the land? It is not stated here that the Indians
are regular laborers on these farms, and I perceive
that tlie appropriations ask for white laborers.
Mr. WELLER. Overseer?.
Air. BELL, of Tennessee. The amendments
speak of " laborers/' not of overseers. ButI do
not mean to dwell on these details. I did not
make any opposition to the appropriation for the
California reservations. 1 relu-d on the general
representation of the Senator from California, that
: although there were noUigreatnumberof Indians
permanently located on these reservations during
the year, they resort there from the neighboring
mountains when the supplies furnished by the
forest give out. I did not say anything against .
that appropriation, supposing t!ial$162,000might I
be important for the five or six reservations m that ;
State, although I thought we had not sufficient in- !
formation in regard to the progress of the system, j
I find no comparison between the number there j
this year and last year; and because we had not i
information of this kind, I said that I thought the !
Senator from Virginia was acting arbitrarily in !
cutting down the estimates. i
When I came fo the Territories of Washington !
and Oregon, I did not even say that 1 was pre- ,
pared to vote against the appropriations there j:
proposed, but 1 desired information. The Sen-
ator from Virginia proposes large appropriations '!
for deficiencies for those Temtouea. j.
Mr. HUNTER. I have been admonished that
i 1 ought to correct the gentleman. We did not
1 cut down the estimates, but it was done on con-
, sultation with the Department. Those estimates
j were not items in regard to the support of Indians,
: but items on which judgment could be exercised.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. But then the Sen-
, ator had no specific information to communicate,
i and he reminded the Senate that the estimates had
] been reduced.
j Mr. HUNTER. 1 meant the general estimates
I for the Indian service—other things besides the
J appropriations for the reservations.
| Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Now we come to
' Washington and Oregon Territories. The Sen-
j ator from Virginia says that I voted for these
I appropriations heretofore, and that they were
I made for California and Texas without objec-
| tion. I stated the other day, that when this pol-
! iey was proposed two or tluee years ago, I sup-
i ported it. I had high hopes of its success, i.t
j was but an experiment, and was so announced
j liy the chairman of the Committee on Indian
I Affairs. That committee had the subject under
consideration, and proposed the policy as,an ex-
periment the iirst year it came up. The Senator
says, that when the next annual appropriatiou
for the same object was proposed, I offered no
objection. Certainly I did not; because the ex-
periment had been commenced and the advocates
of [his policy supposed that the large expend-
itures with which we began it would gradually
diminish; and that if it was successful, the Indi-
ans would be able in two, or three, or four years,
to subsist themselves by their own labor. We
proceeded on the idea that it was compelling the
Indians by a sort of necessity to become agricul-
turists; that we would aid them for a while, for
a few years, so as to see what the result of thte
system promised to be. It was not designed,
when the policy was initiated, to have a standing
appropriation for the subsistence of the Indiana
on the reservations. It was supposed -that an
appropriation might be occasionally necessary to
| come in aid as an auxiliary fund for their sub-
i sistence, in any year in which they might be de-
' ficient in the products of their own Tabor. It
was supposed that some years there would bo
j short crops on account of drought, and that of
course would afford reason for an appropriation.
: Now, in the third year of this policy, f did not
| propose to stop the appropriations, but I merely'
i asked, modestly, as I tlunk I had a right to ask
according to pai liamentary usage, witliout mean-
. ing any offense to the Senator from Virginia, that
! we should be furnished with some information
as to the progress of this policy, that We might
see whether it was worth pursuing and what it
jiromised in the future, lie was not prepared to
give the information, and seems to take excep-
tions that he should be called upon for it. The
feeling of the Senator is evident. He seems to
be'surprised at the general views which I threw
out questioning his infallibility, though I know
he did not mean that. He retorts on me that,
being a member of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, I ought to be presunif d to be more familiar
with this subject. What subject ? The progress
! of this policy and thf information on which the
j Department lOLinded these estimates and the Com-
( mittee on Finance felt themselves constrained to
; adopt them! That was all I asked, and I think
j it was only a reasonable request.
I But, sir, the .Senator says he never heard of
i my opposing an appropriation for the Cherokees,
I Creeks, Ohoctaws, and Chickasaws. I believe
! he scarcely ever did. I believe that, in respect to
i the annuities and grants made to these Indiana
: by treaties, in consideration of their lands, I hara
gone to such extent only as I thought iustic,e
demanded. Look at the line country syluch the
Choiokees and Chickasaws and Choctaws fov
merly occupied and gave up. 1 do not know that
I ever voted to appropriate a single dollar to them
that was not fairly authorized by the treaties
which we made for the surrender of their lands.
But I haye pot limited my liberality to that <[uar-
