530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
ter. I have extended a liberal hand, so far as my-
advocacy and vote could go, to the Indians of the
Northwest as well as those of the Southwest—
everywhere where it seemed to me there was a
proper demand on us. I have gone for the exe-
cution of our treaties with the Indians, no matter
what might be the amount of the draft on the
Treasury, even if I had been opposed originally
to the allowances proposed in those treaties. I
have protested against some treaties which have
been framed, not like those mads with the Cher-
oltees, Creeks, Choctaws, and Cluckasaws of the
Southwest. I perceived, in many cases, that the
largest amount of money never reached the In-
dians—they were not the beneficiarits. I opposed
the system by which we allowed a few wandering
bands of Indians to set up a claim as original pro-
prietors to an entire territory large enough for a
State. I opposed the policy which required such
rapid acquisitions of lands from the Indians. I
have foretold, over and over again, that when you
unnecessarily went into the far interior, and ac-
quired by treaty large territoiy from the Indians,
no matter how liberally you might compensate
them on the face of the treaty, the result would be
Indian wars, and increased expenditures of every
other description, especially in the establishment
of forts far off in the interior, and in tlie trans-
portation of troops and supplies.
I have always deprecated the policy of hasten-
ing the extinguishment of the Indian tiile over a
large extent of territory which we did not need.
Before the rich prairies of Illinois, and the ferule
lands of Iowa and Wisconsin were half tilled up,
the policy of this Government was to open up to
settlement a country hundreds of miles further
west in the interior. After we acquired our Pa-
cific possessions, and settled California so rapidly,
and encouraged settlement in Oregon, L said that,
if we did not hold a rigid hand over the treaty-
making power, the inevitable consequence would
be that you would have an Indian war flaming on
the whole bordci* of the I'aeilie Territories". I
thought there was an unnecessary rapidity in the
settlement of that eounlry; but it w.is the policy
of the Government to yield to it.
I alluded on a foi nier occasion to the fact that
the Indians weiv heingdeprived bv treaties, or by
arms, of every patch ol'good, tillable soil on our
western hordi-rs this side of the Rocky Mount-
ains, and on the other side of the continent east
of the Cascade Mountains. 1 alluded to the two
opposite forces propelling the Indians from each
ifitle of the continent. Their old hunting-grounds
were becoming extinct, tin1 buffalo was passing
ixway by our policy of permitting it to be slaugh-
tered foi the hide, and in many cases merely for
the tongue, by white hunters. I pointed out that
the necessary and inevitable result would be that
we should have our expenditures for suppressing
Indian hostilities increased tenfold. As the hon-
orable Senator from Texas said the other day,
the Indians will not die of hunger when they aie
on the borders of white settlers, and can by their
m-ms save their women and children from perish-
ing for want of subsistence.
These general views have often been expressed
by me, and it was not my intention, when this bill
was before under consideration, to repeat what I
liad so often said heretofore. I meant merely to
got such information as would be satisfactory to
me, to the Seriate, and to the country, in order to
juwtny the continued appropriations in support
of this policy in Oregon and Washington. 1 par-
ticularly sought information as to those Ternto-
rics, passing over California and Texas, upon the
ground that some expositions which nrght be
taken as reasonable, had been exhibited by the
honorable Senators from those States. It was not
my purpose the other day to provoke a discus-
sion on the general policy which we have adopted
towards the Indians, nor is it my purpose to-day
to provoke such a discussion.' I had no other
object than simply to obtain information which
might be considered reasonable, 111 order to justify
the appropiidtions proposed. 1 was not, how-
ever, succcssful in obtaining that information.
The Senator from Virginia comes in to-day with
some information in regard to Oregon and Wash-
ington Territories. What is it ? I asked the Sen-
ator when he was making his remarks if he could
refer me to the report to which he alluded—I
should like to have him refer me to it now—that
I could see whether there was any dung more in
it than Governor Stevens's .generalities. I see
here the report of Superintendent Hedges, but
there is nothing very satisfactory communicated
by him. Did not .Governor Stevens actually ask
for ^700,000 for Washington Territory, instead of
§300,000 which the committee have agreed to give
him ? Can the honorable Senator from Virginia
answer as to Washington Territory?
Mr. HUNTER. Here are tables from the ln-
dian department showing the number of Indians
" in each reservation. In Oregon there are six
thousand six hundred and twenty-one; in Wash-
ington six thousand two hundred and seventy-six.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I ask the Senator
if Governor Stevens did not ask for §700,000 for
this service ?
Mr. HUNTKR. He estimated over $700,000,
not for the reservations merely, but for the whole
Indian service in Washington Territory.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. What reliance can
be placed on such generalities as are presented
here ?
Mr. IIUNTER. I must say if the Senator
will look at the estimate he will find that Gover-
nor Stevens specifies liis items. It is not a gen-
eral estimate for 3713,000.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The committee on
Finance have thought proper to cut down that
estimate one half.
Mr. HUNTER. Not the committee. I said
before the estimates were cut down by the Indian
department. I seem to be unfortunate in making
myself understood.
'Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I am retorting on
the Senator from Virginia, not m ill humor, for
ho knows I have no ill feeling towards him, but
I think my remarks are justifiable after the war
he waged on me in reference to my general course
on-this subjcct. I say there can be no reliance
on these generalities. We are notfumished with
specific details. There is a general statement
from the superintendentjn Oregon that there are
upwards of six thousand Indians in the reserva-
tions there. I desire to have this statement per-
petuated in some way. It is said there arc six
thousand Indians there now, meaning at the date
of that communication—six thousand Indians
alre'ady located on the reservations in Oregon.
Mr. HUNTER. And in Washington six
thousand two huudred and seventy-six. Here
are the tables, if the Senator chooses to look into
them.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. In reference to
Oregon there is something specific I believe.
There are details as to the number of Indians,
Does it say that these Indians are on the reser-
vations?
Mr. IIUNTER. Hero are the tables giving
the number or each reservation:
INDIANS IN OREGON.
Number of Acres, i TN?'
Indians.
Grande Rondo f 2,641*
Coast Reserve    Say 80 by 25 miles. j D,500f
Temporary (Jolomos .... j   [
(Jmpqua uver ! ! 300$
Neai the Dalles
Total number receiving <
subsistence '
i,ieo§
6,621
* Number calculated from census of bands understood to
be there.
f Numhoi estimated t'tom co-*t of subsistence, taken in
conn potion with ropoi f= of the number m emigrating parties.
\ Opinion formed from hundiy letters.
^ Calculated irom census of tribes in that vicinity.
Census of Indians m Oregon     11,800
Receiving sub<istcuc£ •  6,6-21
Tribes yet in their oiiginal localities, receiving only
presents and visits   *. 5,179
Remarks.—The Grande Rondo reserve h located weft
from Do v ton. Oif-gon, about thirty miles, on the head waters
of the Yamhill river. The Coast reserve is on the shoie of
the Pacific, extending north and south from 44* to 43° 30' [
north latitude. i
Th° Wn-eo^s and Deschutes, and some of th° peaceable '
bands of the neighboring Cayuse and Walia Walla tribes, I
numbering some one Thousand seven hundied or two thou- '
sand, the ^npeinitendent pioposes to locate, m the r-piinsr, !
on a reservation cast of Mount Jefferson, between the 1>«^- }
chute or Falls uver and tiie Cascade Iiange on the Shetike !
river. J
On the Coast reservation the superintendent estimates for j
the expenses of stocking the reserve with implement? of!
agriculture, eaule, breaking land, &c., as well as for sub- j
sistence, employes, &,c., &,c. "During the difficulties in I
Oregon very heavy expenses have arispn from removing the |
Indians to the reserves and colonies, and protecting them i
there from communication with hostile bands, and from the
violence and revenge incident to excited times. Transpor-
tation has been furnished for the Indians by land and water.
Large presents of clothing and heavy outlays tor food have
been made ; it being reported that the casualties of the
times resulted in stripping the Indians of their property,
clothing, aud means of subsistence.
WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Reserves established under the treaty of December 26,1854,
■uMh Nisqually and other bands, articles second and sixth.
!
i
< 50
w
Name. j
Location.
° o
i'%
w
O 2
. ei
£-3
At confluence of Ham-
ersly and Tottcn inlets,
western side of most
southern part of Puget
Sound ; 
3
400
Nisqually ....
On the Nisqually river,
near and south of Fort
Nisqually, and fifteen to
twenty miles east of
Olympia 
7 to 10
200
At the south end of Com-
mencement Bay, north-
cast of Fort Steilacoom
twelve or fifteen miles..
30 to 35
500
Muckle-Shoot
On Muckle-Shoot prairie,
ten oi twelve miles east
of Puyallup, near the
junction of the fifth
standanl parallel and the
guide meridian 
2
150
These are the only reseives actually established in Wash-
ington Territoiy, under treaty or by authority of the Exec-
utive. They are all located m the Sound region, and com-
municate readily with each other; and are assigned recently
to a single set of officers and employes, as follows:
N. T."Simmons, agent for the Sound district.
W. B. Gosnell, special agent for the Reserve.
Dr. A. Kgcers, physician, at $750 per year.
William Gore, caipouter, located at Puyallup, at $750
pei veai.
William P. Wells, farmer, located at Nisqually, at S750
per year.
T. J. Mounts, assistant farmer, located at Island Reserve,
at $750 per year.
It is proposed also to have a blacksmith and teacher.
The salaries abovementioned, and the appointments,
have recently been reported to this office by Governor
Stevens, but no action has yet been taken relative to the
approval or rejection of them.
TEMPORARY LOCATIONS OF INDIANS IN WASHINGTON TERRI-
TORY, IN CHARGE OF OFFICERS.
Holmes's Harbor 
Penn's Cove 
Foit Ketsap 
Pour bands in Coast Distnct..
At mouth of Salmon river...
Near the Dalles 
On the authorized reserves..
Number.
1,400
1,200
365
1,100
525
400
1,200
Remarks.
Subsisted.
Subsisted.
Subsisted.
Subsisted in part.
Subsisted m part.
Subsisted m part.
Subsisted.
Total Indians of Washington Territory  18.462
Receiving subsistence  6,276
Removed to reseives  1,200
In tcmpoiaiy colonies.    5,076
In former haunts and homes, receiving presents and
visits from agents  8,186
Financial Note.—The expenditures in Washington Ter-
ritory for u lestonng arid maintaining pcace," have arisen
in part from employment of express messengers and local
agents for collecting, advising, and controlling the various
bands, and issuing provisions and clothing; also, laigely
for purchase of clothing and provisions, and fiom the cost
of transporting Indians and Indian goods and supplies, by
land and water.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I do not feel dis-
posed to impeach the statement; but six thousand
are as many Indians as I supposed were within
three hundred miles of the Pacific coast in the
whole of Oregon when we organized that Terri-
tory.
Mr. HUNTER. According to the census of
the Indians, in Oregon alone there are eleven
thousand eight hundred.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. In the whole terri-
tory east of the Cascade mountains, and up to the
Columbia river, no doubt there are that many,
including the wandering tribes in the interior who
have no fixed habitations. If the officers say
there are six thousand on the reservations to-day,
I must take that information: the Executive Gov-
ernment adopts it. In that view, the appropri-
ation for the Oregon reservations may not be
unreasonablej as there is encouragement for the
future. As long as there is hope of repressing
Indian hostilities that have cost us so many mil-
lions of dollars, I will not undertake to oppose
the appropriation to carrry out this policy m
