532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
ripened, the enure harvesting was completed, all the labor
havine been performed by the Indians, only three or four
white men being engaged as oveiseers. It was estimated
bv the white men in charge of the work, that one hundred
of these Indians could be selected who would cut and take
care of as much grain as any fifty white men not regularly
accustomed to this description of labor."
I only read this for the purpose of showing to
the Senate the progress that has been made in
teaching these Indians the art of agriculture.
The next reservation is that made at Klamath,
in the northern part of the State. That is one of
the recent reservations that have been opened,
and the Superintendent says:
"The establishment of the Klamath reserve has undoubl-
edly prevented the spread of the Indian wars of Oregon
down into northern California."
It will be recollected that a large portion of the
hostile Indians were located immediately on the
other side of the California line, in the Territory
of Oregon. Although they were engaged in depre-
dations on the whites there, they did not extend
south into the State of California because of the
large reservations that had been made, and the
g lacing of friendly Indians on those lands. The
uperintendent says:
"In regard to the system <>f colonizing and subsisting
Indians on reservations, I have only to nay that it has so Jar
succocdod entirely beyond my expectations, and i^, in rny
judgment, tho only sjvtom tii.it can bo ot'any real benefit to
iheimijau^. It enables tiie Government to wiHidraw them
liom the contaminating imiucucoot ati unreetinincd inter-
course with tho whiten, and gne-s an opportunity to jnovide
for them just suH), and no inoie, than their wants
from time to time may actually lequirc."
I was anxious to show that this system had thus
far succceded in the State of California. 1 said,
the other day, that it had not corac up to my ex-
pectations. i meant, by that remark, that it was
costing the Government much more than I antici-
pated four years ago it would cost, after having
keen set in operation. There is a large amount
of stock at all these reservations. The number
is given in this report; and if my friend from
Tennessee desires any more particular informa-
tion, I am sure he <\m obtain the whole of it in
this report.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I hope my friend
will dome the jusitc.e to way that this information
is new to me, as well as to the Senator irom Vir-
ginia,and I ou'fht to he excused for putting ques-
tions m regard to a matter on which I had no
information.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator from Virginia
said itwns t he duty of the SenatorfromTermessee
to have known the other day what was in these
papers. I took part of that remark to myself, for
I ought fo have known what was in them.
Mr 1MSLL, of Tennessee. But neither of us
had them.
Mr. WELLKR. Tho whole appropriation in
this bill to the State of California is $179,000. In
this vcty hill you are making appropriations of
$549,000 to the Q'eek Indians. There arc only
twenty-five thousand of them, and this gives
twenty-two dollars a head. The Creeks, Chero-
kee, and Chickasaws have a regularly oiganized
government, where 'courts are held, and justice
administered with the same regularity as in the
States of this Union. I say the appropriation m
this bill gives twenty-two dollars a head to all the
Creeks. That is under treaty stipulations; nobody
complains of it. Estimating the whole number
of Indians in the State of California at sixty-one
thousand, the appropriations proposed give two
dollars and ninety-three cents a hood for every
Indian in t hat State.
But, Air. President, I am not complaining of
tliis. I only dusiru to show that wc are not ex-
travagant in these appropriations made to tho
State of California, and that thus far the system
has siu'ctvJed. It' the system fails, I know of
none that can pieseive the Indians from uttu-
extermination.
At Home proper time I shall take occasion to
reply to some remarks that were made by the
Senator from New Hampshiie [Mr. Hale] to-day
in regard to the Indian war m Oregon and Wash-
ington Tenitones. I think I shall bo able to
show that Governor 'Uevens does not deserve the
reproach that has been bestowed upon him by
that Senator here, but this is not the proper time.
I supposed, when I informed the Senator from
New Hampshire that we intended to separate the
duties of superintendent of Indian affairs from
those of the Governor, that he would abstain from
commuting on his character in that Indian war
until a bill came up making appropriations to
meet the expenses thus incurred. When that bill
comes up, then, and not till then, in my judgment,
the time will have arrived for discussing all the
actions of Governor Stevens and General Wool
in that country; and at that time I hope I shall be
able to show that the Governor does not deserve
the abuse that has been bestowed upon htm.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have a word to say in refer-
ence to this reservation policy, being somewhat
connected with it as a member of the Committee
on Indian Affairs. When it was commenced a
few years ago I was a member of that committee,
and have been continuously until now. I have
always disapproved of it. It was first represented
as a temporary expedient. It was said, that when
wc succeeded in getting the Indians on the reser-
vations, built them houses, gave them tools, and
started them, this would be a self-supporting ma-
chine. I did not believe the representation then
any more than I do now. 1 believed it would be
a continually increasing expenditure; that it was
a wild, absurd, foolish, and worse than all, irre-
sponsible expenditure of money. Ithas turned out
to be so. Now, it is said, you have inaugurated
this policy. Senators speak of it as a policy. I
say it never was a policy. It was intended to be
temporary. Itwas said last year, while there were
hostilitiesm Oregonand Washington Territories,
" Let us feed the friendly Indians while war is
going on, for if we do not feed them they will take
part with the enemy." It was under the pressure
of the cry of blood and murder, which you have
heard in the letters read to-day, that they obtained
that appropriation, but it was merely temporary.
It was said, unless we feed them they will fight
us, and all the women and children will be mur-
dered !
Mr. WELLER. It is cheaper to feed them
than to fight them.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is a mistake. If you
feed them you must fight them too, and you must
fight them just as often when you feed them as
when you do not. According to the Senator's own
account, anil everybody acquainted with Indian
habits knows it to be so, they will stay on your
reservations as loii£; as it suits them—as long as
yon feed them, and then ihey will go off and
iight.
This system is a departure from fundamental
policy. The only way to keep Indiana from
lighting is to whip them. In my State we have
had seventy year's experience with them. I was
born in a frontier State." You can only govern a
savage tribe by their fears. When they make
inroads on your settlements, you must chastise
them, and then they will minu what you say to
them. We have had as long peace with the In-
dians on the frftntiers of Georgia, as there has
been with them anywhere else. It is true we
had several wuis with them, but you must neces-
satily have wars with them. You must be ready
for war at any time.
This reservation system seems to me to be a
miserable scheme by which civilians may plunder
the Treasury without responsibility. 11 ought to
be done away with. The temporary purpose for
which it was commenced having passed away—the
pretexts on which money was got last year for this
purpose in Oregon having passed—the war being
closed, let us stop the appropriation. It was then
expressly said that the object was to feed the Indi-
ans until the war was over, and prevent them from
joining the hostiles. There is a large extent of
country, thousands and thousands of miles, suited
for the Indians, both in California and Oregon. It
is utterly impossible to have accountability in any
agent whom you may send out under this system.
Indian receipts are worth nothing. He may
charge sixteen dollars per head, or foity dollars
per head, or fifty dollars per head, or five thou-
sand dollars per head, and you will have exactly
the same evidence in the one case as the other, no
more and no less, and yon cannot tell whether it
is true or false. Let the Indians stay on their
own lands if tlicy do not choose to till the earth—
and they have never tilled the earth as long as
they were pure Indians. All Indian improve-
ments are to be found among the mixed breeds.
The race is incapable of being made agriculturists.
The experience of two hundred years on this
continent stands staring you in the face. Yoxi
cannot make agriculturists of the Indians. You
may spend thousands and millions of money with
that idea, but the more you spend the more you
will enrich your agents, and the more public
money will be squandered, for there is no end to
it when you expend it under such a system. You
do no good to the Indians by it. I would treat
them well. When I made purchases of land, I
would give them annuities; I would give them
blankets to protect them from the winter; I would
give them rifle and ball to enable them to procure
the only subsistence they want; but the idea of
making them an agricultural people has been
again and again exploded; it is utterly impossi-
ble—known to be so by all those who have any
knowledge of Indian character. I concurin much
that has been said by the Senator from New
Hampshire in regard to this late business in Ore-
gon and Washington Territories. Taking Gov-
ernor Stevens on his own statement, it is a shame
to the country that he should hold office an hour.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I had very
little disposition to make any remarks on thia
subject; but the position taken by the honorable
Senator fr#m Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] for whose
judgment I have generally great respect, induces
me to enter my protest at least against the doc-
trine which he preaches. If I understood him,
he said the only way to manage and control the
Indian, was to whip him into subjection. I have
no doubt that he honestly entertains this opinion,
and it is a misfortune that it is entertained upon
our frontiers generally. We have lately had an
illustration of this in the conduct of the Governor
of Washington Territory. Nothing can be more
inconsistent with the truth of history than to sup-
pose that the Indian is to be subjugated without
great sacrifice of money and human life. That is
a policy which has not been initiated by men of
reflection, but has been entailed on this country
by the intemperate feelings of rash, inconsiderate,
and vicious men. If you wish to conciliate the
Indian, the way is open for it. He is really in a
state of tutelage. He is not as intelligent as the
white man. He has not the arts of civilization
around him. He has his savage nature. He has
associations and influences which operate on him,
and lead him to a state of war by way of excite-
ment or employment. But, sir, if you wish to
make peace with the Indians, there is one funda-
mental principle which you must always observe,
and then you will conciliate him: that is, to extend
to him strict justice, to do him no wrong, to vio-
late none of his rights. Do this, and you will make
the Indian your friend. When you have once in-
spired him with confidence and secured his friend-
ship, it is easy to l^id him in the paths of civili-
zation and improvement.
Agriculture is an unnatural condition for the
Indian; but it is not a condition at war with his
inclinations, if you will show him inducements
to pursue it. The Indian loves personal comfort
as well as the white man; but he places his esti-
mates upon a different, kind of comfort from that
of the white man. When, however, you substi-
tute and place within his control a superior com-
fort, it is easy to induce him to pursue a course
which will guaranty it to him. In my opinion,
no Indian exists on the continent of America who
will not pursue the art of agriculture, if you show
him that by it he insures subsistence for his wife
and children. Sir, he has a stronger attachment,
if possible, to his family than tho white man pos-
sesses. You may appeal to the Indian warrior
in his sternest mood—when he feels alive to the
aggressions and outrages that have been committed
011 his tribe—and say to him, "Now prosecute
war, and the consequence will be that you will
involve your wife and children in calamity; if
you do not stop this, your path will be marked
with blood, and your wife and children will be
sacrificed;" and he will pause; you will see his
manly bosom heave; you will see the tear gather
in his eye. He becomcs subdued in considera-
tion of the appeal of nature to a manly heart. Eut,
| sir, if you were to offer him an indignity in that
! moment, his nature would become iron, and he
1 would yield only with existence to your indig-
nity. Treat the Indians with conciliation and
kindness; furnish inducements to them to with-
draw them from their vagrant and wandering
course of life; give them" "a local habitation and
a name, "and then you secure and plant the affec-
tions of the Indian around you, and he is willing
to undergo daily toil, surrounded by his family,
when he knows that that will secure him against
