1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
aggressions from the white man—against surprise
from border ruffians — men who are willing to
assail him, invade the peace' of his family, and
destroy every hope that has bloomed around him.
You have only to do justice to the Indians, and
you will have no trouble.
I have before maintained in the face of the Sen-
ate, and in the face of nations and of nature, that
an Indian tribe never, never, as a community,
violated a treaty. I defy confutation of this as-
sertion. I do not say that the whites, as a com-
munity, have violated Indian treaties, but it has
been done by aggressors on the Indians who
abound on their borders. I have gone back for
fifty years, and traced with accuracy your inter-
course with tile Indians. I was stationed at one
time within six miles of their border. I have
seen irruptions that took place, and by tradition
I can transmit them to after times; but they are
not accurately detailed in the newspapers. The
white man has the advantage of the types, and
he gives them the white man's complexion; he
tells not the truth with them. Thus ^ia that the
Indian is never vindicated when he does right, or
when he is harmless. If an isolated Indian com-
mits an act of depredation, it is bruited about
through the community. The cry is raised,
" the Indians have made war upon us." Then
the whites congregate together; they pass to the
Indian border; the poor Indians, unconscious of
the injury that has been done, unaware of any
agitation among the whites, or of any impending
conflict, are set upon by these men, who are
thirsty for blood, and the women and children are
massacred to appease the wrath of this vagabond
crew. This I know to be true in some instances—
how many I will not detail. This is a part of the
history of fifty years back.
Suppose a man should come from an adjacent
county, and commit a murder in Washington
city: would you immediately raise aforce, and go
out and take summary vengeance on the first
whites you met in that county? No, sir, you
would not. Apply the same principle to the
Indians. An outlaw may leave his tribe, and
commit a depredation; but that is not the infrac-
tion of a treaty by the community that entered
into it; and I say the Indians, as communities,
never violate treaties — the whites are the ag-
gressors.
Sir, we have had brought to our notice to-d y
a most astonishing instance. A refined, enlight-
ened, civilized man, educated at West Point, with
all the embellishments of literature, with all the
Bdoi'nmentsof science, taught by preceptors pos-
sessing the highest amount of esprit Ac corps, with
the associations of gentlemen—lie, a proconsul in
a distant province, violates every principle of the
law of nations, of nature, and of nature's God;
he assails a man with a flag of truce, and then
inflicts oil him every personal indignity that can
be possibly offered, disgracing not only his own
person, but those around him, by resorting to the
savage process of sculping, and sending off the
scalps as trophies. This is done by an enlight-
ened, accomplished, military man! If he can
stoop to do such things, what can you expect
from the untutored, rude border man who is in
contact with the Indians every day? What in-
centive has he to act from higher, more noble, and
more generous impulses than his commander, or
his governor ?
Sir, I will vindicate the Indian from the charge
of bad faith—not that my intelligence is superior
to that of other gentlemen, but my contact with
the Indian tribes has been greater. My habits of
life have thrown me into association with them.
A portion of my life 1 have passed with them; I
have partaken of their hospitality; I have felt their
friendship; and when their character is wantonly
assailed here, I will vindicate them against the
powers of eloquence, and the elegant adornments
of genius. This is my duty to them; but I have
a higher duty to perform to truth and to Heaven.
We are told that we have passed beyond the
point of fixing a policy that will reclaim the In-
dians, but that they must become extinct. The
distinguished Senator from California, in whom
I have much confidence, says that some thirty
thousand Indians have disappeared in that State
within a few years past. Is not this a solemn
admonition to us to interpose whatever power
we may have to rescue these tribes from rum—to
tave these people from destruction if possible?
We have it in our power. It is to be done by the
appointment of men of integrity to office among
the Indians—men who stand above the influence
of pelf, and are deaf to the calls of cupidity and
avarice — men who cherish in their hearts the
noble impulse of justice towards their fellow-man,
though he bo branded with a different hue of skin.
There was once a system by which some justice
was done to the Indian—I allude^to the factory
system of the United States. Revive that, and
you will not only save the Indian, but you will
invite him and induce him to embrace civilization,
agriculture, and the useful arts. Let trading houses
be established amongthedifFerenttribes of Indians,
and have a eonfidential'and trustworthy agent re-
siding with the factor. Let the Indians congre-
gate around the factory to receive their presents.
Let them see manifestations of improvement in
the arts of civilized life. When the tribes assem-
ble at the various seasons of the year to receive
their annuities, let them derive impressions new
to their minds from beholding the state of things
at the factory. Let them see how agriculture is
conducted, how the arts are progressing there.
They will soon become familiarized with these
things, and derive advantages from them.
In former times, when I was a boy, I recollect
the character of the agents whom you sentamong
the Indians. They were men who stood deserv-
edly high. Tho man who was then intrusted with
the functions of an Indian agent, was an honest
man. He was not driven there as a refuge from
home; ho was not placcd in hia position by polit-
ical or family influence; he was piaced in it on
account of his qualifications for serving the Gov-
ernment with fidelity, and protecting and vindi-
cating the rights of the Indians from imposition.
By the factory system you excluded speculators
and traders from the Indian nations. The Gov-
ernment can afford to furnish goods cheaper than
individuals. Let it pay the annuities of the
Indians ill goods and useful articles; let the su-
perintendent of Indian affairs make contracts of
the necessary supplies; let them be transmitted
to the proper point, and distributed to the Indians
for useful purposes. Moke a searching inquiry
of the agent there as to their disposition to em-
brace civilization and the arts. Then he can
administer the facilities necessary; he can give aid
and encouragement to them. Let the factory be
in some central position. If it is necessary, you
may, in order to give protection, have a company
of troops there, to be under the general direction
of the agent, so that he can call on them 111 times
of emergency, and not leave them to the military
officers, who know nothing about the Indians.
Recently, we have had an exhibition of that
characteristic prudence which modern officers
exercise upon the frontier. I am informed, that
some time ago an alarm was given in this way:
Some Indians saw a mad-carrier, and they ran
towards him to get some matches, or tobacco, or
something they wanted. He fled with precipi-
tation to the fort,gave the alarm that the Indians
had perhaps shotat him and tried to do him great
injury. The officer marched out his troops, found
some unsuspecting Indians in the neighborhood,
fired upon them, and killed ten. That was a feat
which should entitle him to a brevet; and 1 am
not sure that he ought not to have a medal and
something to hang it on. [Laughter.] This course
had tho effect of rousing tho Indians, and they
were not to be appeased until they had killed ten
white persons, some women and children among
the number. Then they said they were ready
for peace; they had lost ten, and they had only
taken the lives of ten in return; so that the ac-
count was squared.
This is ail instance of the discretion exercised
towards the Indians by your modern military
officers. We all recollect the transaction which
took place a few years since. A lieutenant fired
into an Indian camp when unprotected. The
Indians had their revenge. White men who had
not participated in the proceeding, and who were
collected a few miles off unarmed, were not mo-
lested by the Indians. They simply took ven-
geance on those who had given the aggression, as
was according to their law; they did not extend
their ravages or violence beyond that.
General Shields, a gentleman who is well known
in the Senate, said tome," Sir, the attack on Little
Thunder and his band of Indians was a most un-
heard-of atrocity." The gallant general told me
that one of the survivirig warriora came to him and
said: " The whites deceived us; they set upon us
when there was no necessity. You khow/'said
he, " when warriors go to battle theyare armedj
they stand as warriors; they have not their Women
ana children with them. When warrior# have
their women and children wiih (hem they-are
hunters, not soldiers. We had our women and
children with us; we would have put them in tt
place of security; but the whites came Upon us;
they surprised us; they slaughtered us without
cause." General Shields, like a generous soldier,
said to me, " Sir, my heart was smitten with sym-
pathy, when I heard that Indian's tale of woe
and wrong."
Mr. President, if you want peace with the In-
dians you should lead them in the paths of
peace. You can never tame the Indian until he
is destroyed, if you persist in making him an ad-
versary and an enemy, instead of a friend. Pur-
sue that course and you will have to extinguish
him, but you can never subjugate him. The
wilderness has been his home, and there he will
flee from tho white man. He will well know who
has been his enemy; and when he can retaliate
he will do it in blood. But, sir, establish your
factory system; let everything go through pure
channels; take for Indian agents men who know
something of Indian character, who have some
familiarity with frontier life. Do not take men
from the interior of a State that has not had an
Indian within its limits perhaps for a century.
Do not take a man from .the sea-board and send
him among the Indians with the expectation that
he will sympathize with ihom. He must have a
strong inducement to lead him to quit the asso-
ciations of his past life and go to the forest to
encounter and experience the inconveniences of
a pioneer. It is avarice that draws him; it is
cupidity that prompts him. He views the Indian
as his victim, and the United States as his purser.
Place among the Indians as agents, honest men
—men who are acquainted with frontier life—
men who have had some associations with the
Indians—men who may have formed friendship
in former days with Indian hoys, and can sym-
pathize with them as human beings, and you
will find them ministers of mercy to tho Indians,
ready at all times to protect their rights, and
vindicate the honor ot the United States. But
when you send profligate, abandoned men to tha
frontier, or men who have no sympathies, who
know nothing of an Indian's character or dis-
position, who do not conciliate his confidence
and demand his respect, you had better send a
regiment to slaughter the Indians, because thoso
whom you send there are worse than incendiaries
if they have no sympathy with and no knowledge
of Indians, They view them as subjects of their
rapacity—as objects of their hate. They have a
contempt for them, because thev have not the re-
finements to which they harvc been accustomed,
mid they extort from them whatever they can.
They interpose and arrest, cverythingthat s hould
pass through them to the Indian. The Indian is
deprived of his dues, and the Government is dis-
appointed in its object. I have asserted before,
that out of the $110,000,000 or $115,000,000 that
have gone to the Indians since ours was a consti-
tutional Government, they have never realized
$20,000,000 of advantages. Had it been wisely
and judiciously expended for advantage to the
Indians, and in a manner which would conciliate
their feelings, and draw them in attachment to
the Government, it would have been a great deal
better! There is no doubt that the Ind ans can
be civilized, but you must learn them the arts of
peace. First you must get their confidence. The
Indian is not going to imitate his enemy if he can
avoid it. Convince him that you are his friend,
and he will readily adopt your advice and pursue
the course you indicate to him. Until that is
done, the improvement of the Indian is hopeless,
and the objects of the Government a failure.
It is vain to suppose that by sending super-
intendents to the different agencies, and increas-
ing the expenditures of money, any advantage
will flow to the Government. There ought to be
a supenntendency, but first I would say there
ought to be honest agents and honest superin-
tendents. Is a man more honest and more just
because he is a superintendent than because he
, io an a"cnt? If it is necessary to have a super
I intendem to guard the conduct of the agent, it is
