534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
necessary to dismiss that agent, and send a man
who requires no guardian to conserve his integ-
rity. when you do this you will have done
much; but it is idle to suppose that the Indians
can war with their agent when the Government
is at his back, and when he has political influence
here to sustain him. If he were even dismissed
for a flagrant offense, the consequence would be
that political influence would directly _ gather
around him, and on an imperfect explanation and
a promise of amendment, he woulu be restored
to full favor, and new and extensive privileges
fiven to him. That has been often done, and will
e done as long as political partisanship exists.
Friends must be rewarded, and favorites must be
recompensed. That, it seems, is a neccssary
principle; but that principle should not be consid-
ered when the nation has a great object in view.
Senators seem to concur in the opinion that some-
thing ought to be done for the Indians if practi-
cable. It is not only, practicable, it is feasible; it
can be accomplished:, if we set about doing it by
proper legislative enactments. Let the Execu-
tive appoint honest agents—men acquainted with
the character of the Indians, and k't the money
that is intended to be given to the Indians, but
which never roaches them, bo placed in proper
hands forSts application for a wise purpose, and
we shall succeed m accomplishing all we desire.
I would suggest another thing that would have
a happy influence on the Indians. Let every
tribe meet, its chief and people, if you please,
once a year; let them have their councils, let them
associate, lot them be together, mixing as social
beings ought to do, let the Government be at the
expense of it, let that be the time of the payment
of the annuity, lot it be at the factory, let 110 ar-
dent spirits be introduced there, let rigid inter-
course laws be passed, and have proper men to
enforce them, and you will give protection to the
Indians against the killing influence of ardent
spirits. \ never knew mi annuity disbursed in
my life when there was not liquor on the ground,
wagon-loads of it, either through the yielding or
selfishness of the agent; hut it ought to be inhib-
ited. Then let there be an annual conn* ,1 of all
the tribes within eneli superintendence'; let their
chiefs congregate fiotn the different tribes with
their intorpieters at the expense of the Govern-
ment of the (Tinted States; let them interchange
their views; let them form personal friendships;
Jet them mterehange evidences of regard to one
another from personal considerations that would
grow between them while associated, and admira-
tion oflniits of e.haractei that would develop them-
selves. Then you would have a < ougress in every
eupenn tendency oft he nation. You would thus do
away with tin* animosity and hostility oftribrsone
to another. You would thin, after a while, tran-
quilize the Indian, deprhe him of the rxeiienvnt
of war,and then he would be as docile and tiacta-
ble as you could deske him to be. You nwy (hen
direct him in the pathway of peace, and lead him
to agriculture. Show him the comfort of having
domestic animals around linn and their utility;
tthow hmi a habitation for his family to protect it
against the storm of the inclement mountains, and
you will make that Indian bless the epoch in which
lie has lived. You will do honor to the American
people when you civilize and interpose in behalf
of the Indians to redeem an almost extinguished
race,and you wtil render, not only to .society and
to earth a blessing, but you will bi-sp-'ok some
consciousness that there is a divinity that stirs
within us.
;Yh*. HALE. Mr. President, the view which I
suggested seems to have been very much over-
looked here; and indeed the honorable .Senator
from Ca'Wornia suggested that this was not the
appropriate place for it, because he intended to
introduce a bill separating the duties of Indian
superintendent from those of Governor in "Wash-
ington T'untoiy. The objection, the. great ob-
jection, ami the one which 1 hope will be enter-
tained by sonv who Ilear me, is against voting
mon« y to le expended by a man whose official
conduct .shows him to be an unfit depositsy. I
do not know any other way in which we can
reach him. If we have at the head of the Gov-
ernment ,<n individual who from any cause—I do
not undertake to say what—continues in command
of thatTerrnory,a man utterly unfit to expend ihe
moneys of tin ' Government, i know of nothing
I can do but tu withhold all money, and tell the
President he cannot have it until he puts a proper
man there. The honorable Senator from California
says that when the appropriate time comes he
can vindicate the conduct of Governor Stevens,
and show that he is not obnoxious to thfe censures
I threw on him. I have no desire to throw any
censure on him. I only judge him by his own
words and acts.
The Constitution of the United States declares
that " the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus
shall not be suspended unless, when in cases of
rebellion or invasion, the public safety may re-;
quire it." Governor Stevens has undertaken to
suspend the habeas corpus, and to declare martial
law in Washington Territory, for no earthly rea-
son than that the citizens there undertook to
avail themselves of their undoubted constitutional
rights. I have the reasons which he says gov-
erned him in declaring martial law. I will read
Governor Stevens's proclamation:
il Whereas, in the prosecution of the Indian war, circum-
stance-? have existed affording such grave cause of suspicion,
auvli that certain evil-disposed pci&ona of Pierce county
have given aid and conifoit to the enemy, as that theyliave
been placed under ai rest, and oidered to be tried by a mili-
tary '•imimis-nion; and whereas, efforts aie now bemsniade
to withdraw, by civil process, these persons from the pur-
view of the said communion :
" Therefore, as the war is now bcnij? actively prosecuted
throughout ne.nly the whole of the said county, and great
injury to the public, ;mtt the plans of the campaign be trus-
tified, if the alleged dcfig'is of these persons be not ai rested,
I, It-aae 1. Stevens, Governor of the Teintory of Wash-
ington, do hereby pioclaiin martial law over the said county
of Pierce, and do by these prer-ents Mi«pcnd for the time
being, and till further notice, the functions of all civil offi-
cers in ^aul county.
" Given under mv hand at Olympia, this third day of
April, eighteen bundled and tiflv-si\', and ihe year of Inde-
pendence of the United btates the eightieth.
ltfAAC I. STEVENS."
That is Governor Stevens's own showing.
Mr. Y/ELLER. The Senator misapprehends
the position which I occupy in this matter. I do
not undertake to justify the conduct of Governor
Stevens in that respect now or at the proper time
when appropriations are asked for to pay the
expenses of this war. There are, however, miti-
gating circumstances that 1 may feel it to be my
duty to introduce before the Senate. There is
not a .single dollar under this bill to be expended
by Governor Stevens. The Senator supposed
that I said 1 would ulfer an amendment. I under-
stand that the amendment is to come from the
Committee on Indian Affairs; they will propose
to separate these two odices. Therefore it con-
stitutes no objection to this appropriation that
Governor Stevens may have behaved badly to-
wards that court. Not a dollar of the money is
to be expended by him. That is all I stated.
Mr. 1XALK. I understand the Senator that
the money will not he expended by Governor
j Stevens if the measure to which he alludes be-
; comes a law; hut I am speaking as the law now
I is. As the law now stands on the statute-book,
j this money goes into Governor Stevens's hands.
; I think Governor Stevens's conduct as a military
i man is quite as indefensible as his conduct as a
; civilian. As a military man he has set the proper
! authorities at defiance and refused to put the
militia under the call of the officer of the United
States there, who demands it, because " I do not
consider it expedient to cliangc the plan of the
campaign." Ucuiuse that Governor did not
choose to change the plan of the campaign he re-
fused obedience to General Wool and to a requi-
sition made by Lieutenant Colonel Casey,who was
:j sent there under the command of General Wool!
1 say, then, take lum as a civil or military ofii-
\ eer, he has shown himself utterly incompetent to
discharge his duties, and utterly unlit to be in-
, trusted with the disbursement of this money. If
| such a measure as the Senator from California
! speaks of becomes a law, it may be well enough
! to consider whether it is not worth while to vote
I these appropriations; but while these appropria-
1 tions are to go into the hands of Governor Stevens
I to be disbursed, I sliaM, for one—I do not know
that anybody will follow me—refuse to vote a
: single dollar. [" Question ! Question •'"]
i Mr. rKSSENDEN. What is the exact ques-
tion ?
Mr. WELLEIt. I hope the Senate will under-
stand the question. I am as anxious as the Sen-
! ator from New Hampshire to have the duties of
j the superintendent of Indian affairs separated from
1 the Governor's olHoe in Washington Territory;
' and that will constitute a part of this bill. The
bill which makes this appropriation separates
the offices, and the money will go into the hands
of the superintendent, not of Governor Stevens
What I intend to reply to the Senator from New
Hampshire hereafter, is in regard to this Indian
war. I will show him that, in that-regard, great
injustice has been done to Governor Stevens as to
the prosecution of that Indian war.
Mr. HUNTER. The first amendment before
us relates to Oregon. It is for incidental expenses
of the Indian service there.
Mr. HALE. That is where Curry is Governor.
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 23, noes 11.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to add:
For adjusting difficulties and preventing outbreaks among
the Indians in the Territory of Oregon, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert:
, For defraying the expenses of the removal and subsistence
of Indians m Oregon Territory to the reservations therein,
aiding them in procuring their own subsistence, purchase
of provisionsftnd presents, and compensation of laborers
and other employes, $50,000.
The amendment was adopted.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add:
For restoring and maintaining peace with Indian tribes
in Oregon Territory, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary for expenditure daring the year ending 30th June, 1857,
$264,000.
Mr. HALE. At the close of the last session
we voted #300,000 for preserving peace with the
Indians on the Pacific coast, $175,000 of which
was for Oregon. I hope we shall vote down this
amendment.
Mr. HELL, of Tennessee. I understood the
honorable Senator from Virginia to say that the
largest proportion of this sum was to pay ex-
penditures already made.
Mr. HUNTER. ^7es, sir, for deficiencies.
The expenditures have already been made.
Mr. TOOMBS called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment; and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bell of Tennessee, Benjamin,
I i§gs, Biown, Butler, Clay, Chittenden, Geyer, Hunter,
Jain«.=, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Ma-
sou, I'eaice, lleid. Sebastian, Slidell, Thomson of New
Jerv<- y. Touecy, "VVeller, Wright, and Yulee—24.
NAYS — Messrs. Bell of New Hampshue, Fe^enden,
Fjfh, Fitzpatnek, Foot, Hale, Harlan, Houston, Nourse,
Toombs, Tiunibull, Wade, and Wilson—13.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian service
in Washington Territory, §40,000.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that amendment. This is an appropriation for
Governor Stevens.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS. The chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs has an amendment separating
the superintendent of Indian affairs from the Gov-
ernor's office in the Territory of Washington.
The Senate will go on with the amendments, and
that is expected to be adopted with others. We
arc now in Committee of the Whole. The
whole bill, after our action as in Committee of the
Whole, will be reported to the Senate. Unless
that change shall take place, I shall myself vote
| against all the appropriations for Washington
Territory; but for the present I shall vote for
them, knowing thatif the change be not made we
shall have an opportunity, when the bill is re-
ported to the Senate, of voting against the appro-
! priations.
! Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to say the same
: thing just said by the Senator from Mississippi,
j If this Governor, who has declared martial law
! on his own authority in a Territory, is to have
! the disposal of this money, I will never agree to
i vote it. If the amendment suggested by the Sen-
| ator from California be not adopted, I shall move
i a reconsideration of this amendment when we
j get into the Senate.
! Mr. HALE. I wish to make a single sugges-
: tion,asa reason why I shall vote against any one
' of these appropriations. I do not believe these
items were honestly kept back. These men knew
what they wanted. It seems to me they were
kept back until after the House of Represent-
atives passed on this bill; and they were sent
