536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
of that joint resolution, and think it ought to pass.
I therefore have no objection.
The joint resolution providing for furnishing
the State of Vermont with a complete set of
weigh is and measures was read a first and second
time.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to cause
a complete set of all the weights and measures
adopted as standards, such as are made for the
use of the several custom-houses, to be delivered
to the Governor of the State of Vermont, or such
person as he may appoint, for the use of said
State, in order to replace the set recently de-
stroyed by fire in the capital of said State.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a ihird time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
" table; which latter motion was agreed to.
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS.
Mr. WHITNEY, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
to provide for and regulate Ibe organization of the
House of Representatives of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
jVIr. ANDERSON, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
authorizing the Secretaiy of War to pay certain
volunteers therein specified; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
PORT OF DELIVERY.
Mr. STEPHENS. I ask the general consent
of the House to allow me to introduce a bill, and
to have it put upon its passage. It is a bill to
establish Augusta, Georgia, as a port of delivery.
1 will state to the House that 1 shall be called
away from the House in a few days; and I shall
therefore take it as an accommodation if this bill
be allowed to be put upon Hs passage. I have
been heie thirteen yours, and J believe that, tlus
is the first bill fur the benefit of my constituent#
that J have ever asked to have passed.
There being no objection, a bill to establish
Augusta, in the State of Georgia, a port of deliv-
ery, was read a first and second tune.
"The bill declares Augusta, in the State of Geor-
gia, within the collection district of Savannah, a
port of delivery, and that a resident surveyor of
customs be appointed there.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the thiid lime, and passed.
JOHN SIIAW.
Mr. SAPP. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole -House from the further consideration of
u bill (11. it. No. 657) for the relief of John Shaw,
a spy in the war of 1812.
No objection being made, the Committee of the
"Whole House wa* discharged from the further
consideration of tin: t>.ud bill.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
engiossed and read a thud tune,
Mr. LETCHER called for the reading of the
bill and report.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to John Shuw, of Wisconsin, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, $3,UUU, in full for hisoxtraordinarv services
as a scout and spy uu the Upper Mississippi fron-
tier in the war of
The memorialist, during the war of 1832, re-
ceived from Governor Howard, of the Temtoiy I
of Missouri, an appointment to act as scout or spy '
upon the movements of the enemy, winch con-
sisted of Tndii'us and a portion of the British
forces, upon the Mississippi frontier fiom near
rbove St. Louis, upon both sides of said river,
for a distance of two hundred and fifty miles.
The object of tins service was lo keep the com-
panies of mounted rang! r-\ ordeied by the United
States Government to various points on the-said
frontier, eonstan tly posted as to the various move-
ments of the ho.sfih- Indians. The memorialist
•was selected for this duty on account of his great
skill ys a hunter, bavin" made hwi more familiar
with the wilds than tmy other man in that coun-
try, and possessed him with powers of endurance
which were invaluable for such a service, as also
because he was thoroughly acquainted with the
Indians, their manners and customs. The dis-
charge of this duty involved great labor, immense
risks, and excessive fatigue. It lasted for near
three years — from the summer of 1812 to the
spring of 1815—during which time the memorial-
ist performed some of the most heroic deeds of
daring and extraordinary services that could well
be conceived. His life was in constant danger.
At times, there being no ferry-boats, he was com-
pelled to swim his horse after his canoe in oreler
that he might ride him across the small streams.
At other times he would travel overland to various
settlements in Illinois and Missouri, to discover
war parties who were constantly committing dep-
redations. Conveyinginformationof their where-
abouts to the troops, he would invariably accom-
pany the detachment which went in their pursuit,
and take a hand in any engagement which might
ensue. At one time he accompanied a squadron
as a spy as far up as Rock Island. The memo-
rialist never was paid a cent for his services as a
scout and spy, or for any of the extraordinary
duties which he performed, and which were the
subject of special appointment. Besides this, he
makes oath that he spent out of his own pocket
$1,700 for horses, arms, ammunition, &c., not
one centof which was ever reimbursed him. He
relied upon the Governor of Missouii, who ap-
pointed him, to obtain him such a consideration
as what he had done was worth; for the Gov-
ernor had promised him that when he could ac-
quaint the Department at Washington with the
facts, and the estimate which he placed upon the
memorialist's service, the Government would im-
mediately compensate him.
Mr. SAPP moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SAPP moved the previous question on the
passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ojtiered to be put: and under the
operation thereof, the bill was passed.
Mr, SAPP moved that the vote by which the
bill was passed be reconsidered; and also moved
that the- motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPORT OP COMMITTEE OF CONFERENCE.
Mr^TODD, from the committee of conference
on the part of the House upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the bill (S. No.
29G) for the relief of Sally T. Mathews, reported
that they had had the same under consideration,
and after full and free conference, had agreed to
recommend that the House recede from its amend-
ment to said bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the
Clerk will read the names which are signed to
the report. 1 was upon that committee of con-
ference; and, disagreeing with a majority, I did
not sign tho leport.
The Clerk read the names of- Lemuel Todd
and Rrpus H. Kixo as the committee on the part
of tlm House.
The report of the committee was then agreed to.
Mr. BARCLAY. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House from the further consideration of
a bill (H. R. No. 541) for the relief of George
Chorpenmng.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. BARCLAY. I move to suspend the rules
to enable me to make the motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
as there is already a motion to suspend pending,
made by the gentleman from Missomi, [Mr.
Phelps.]
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, I think I have
been pretty indulgent to members.this morning in
allowing them to present matters to which there
was no objection.
Mr. CARLILE. Will the gentleman allow me
to appeal to him for one moment.
Mr. PHELPS. My friend from Virginia must
excuse me, for there have already been many ap-
peals made to me.
Mr. CARLILE. This is a matter of personal
privilege—at least I think it migh t come under that
head.
Mr. PHELPS. "Well, ifit is a matter of priv-
ilege, I will hear it.
SHADRACH RICE.
Mr. CARLILE. The House will bear me
witness that, during my service in Congress, I
have been anything but troublesome in the way
of asking favors for the people of my district.
There are residing in my district two very worthy
but poor men, who have rendered their country
service in a military capacity. Bills for their
relief have been reported to this House, placing
them upon the invalid pension list, and I am sat-
isfied that when the reports are read there will
not be a solitary objection to the passage of the
bills. Those gentlemen, and their friends at
home, not understanding the rules of this body,
are censuring me for the delay in the passage of
those bills. The inclemency of the season has
caused them to look with earnestness to the action
of this House. I therefore ask the unanimous
consent of the House, as an act of justice to those
gentlemen, and to place myself right, that the
Committee of the Whole House be discharged
from the further consideration of bills of the
House Nos. 648 and 778, that they may be taken
up and considered at this time.
A bill (H. R. No. 648) for the relief of Shad-
rach Rice, of Jackson county, Virginia, was read
for information.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Shadrach Rice, of Jackson county,
Virginia, upon the roll of invalid pensioners, and
to cause to be paid to him eight dollars per month
during the term of his natural life—the payment
to commence October 15, 1855.
It appears that Shadrach Rice, now in the
eighty-sixth year of his age, enlisted on the 28th
day of November, A. D. 1792, under General
Wayne, and served for three years; that he was*
in the engagement at Fort Recovery, and also in
the battle at tfes rapids of Maumee. During the
term of the service referred to, in an engagement
with a party of Indians, Shadrach Rice received
a severe and dangerous wound from the hands of
an Indian, who thrust his knife through Rice's
body, entering below the collar bone and coming
out on the. back of the shoulder. He never en-
tirely recoveied from the effect of this wound.
Being able, however, to maintain himself, he
never before applied for a pension. Advanced
age has increased the disability from the effects
of the wound, and lie is now helpless nearly, and
consequently in the evening of his life penniless.
No objection being made,"the Committee of the
Whole House was discharged from the further
consideration of the bill, and it was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
JOSEPH BAILEY.
A bill (H. R. No. 778) for the relief of Joseph
Bailey 5 an invalid soldier of the war of 1812, was
then reported to the House.
It directs that the name of Joseph Bailey be
entered on the rolls as an invalid pensioner, at
the rate of eight dollars per month, from the 1st
of December, 1855.
It appears that Joseph Bailey was a soldier in
Captain John MeWhorton's company, in the
fiust Virginia regiment, commanded by Colonel
John Connelljin the Virginia brigade, commanded
by General Leftwell, and marched with said
company to Point Pleasant, Virginia, in the year
1812; that ho entered the military service a young
man, and in good health; and that while in the
service, and in the line of his duty, he became
diseased in one of his knees, which rendered him
incapable of performing military service, and ho
was discharged, upon a surgeon's certificate, for
disability, at Point Pleasant, in the month of
October, 181:2; and -it further appears, from the
testimony of surgeons of high respectability, who
reside at Clarksvillc, Virginia, and who arc well
acquainted with the applicant, tha-t his lameness
and suffering with his leg is the result of the ex-
posure to which he was subjected while he was
m the military service of the United States, in
consequence of which he was discharged from
military service of the United States in J812.
No objection being made, the Committee of
