1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Wt
the Whole House was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill, and it was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. CARLILE moved to reconsider the votes
by which the bills were passed, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
EXTRA COMPENSATION OF EMPLOYES.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask that certain
communications from the Treasury Department
to the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means be referred by the House to that com-
mittee, and be printed; and also that one of them
be printed in the Globe, as the former communi-
cations on the same subject were so printed.
It was so ordered.
The following is the correspondence ordered to
be published in the Globe:
Treasury Department,
Comptroller's Office, September 15,1856.
Sir: Your letter of the 12th, in reply to my letter of the
same date, written by instruction of the Secretary of the
Treasury to the Hon. William Cullom, of the same date,
was delivered by Mr. Bates the same evening, after office
hours, but before I had left the office. Mr. Cullom was re-
quested to certify that those on the list I returned were not
salary officers, if such was the fact.
In your answer you say: "It being a fact that several
persons whose names are on said list do receive a salary,
lenders it improper to comply with the request." The
answer was laid before the Secretary of the Treasury, the
13th, (Saturday,) at as early an hour as 1 found him not
engaged m business with gentlemen who were with hirn,
and he instructed me to request you to designate, in the
absence of Mr. Cullom, the names of the persons, on said
list, who are in the receipt of salaries, and the amount of
salary allowed by law to each?
The Secretary of the Treasury i«i desirous of executing
all orders or resolutions passed by the Houmj of Represent-
atives during the lirst and second sessions of the Thnty-
Fourth Congress, involving the payment, or advance of
money from the Treasury, so far as he shall find he is au-
thorized by law to issue luswaiiant or warrants therel'oi ;
and inasmuch as ccitain ofliccis are created by law, it will
facilitate his action if j ou have the information at hand that
will enable you to icfor to the respective acts, joint resolu-
tions, or resolutions of the House, under or by which said
officers, or employes, were appointed.
After my interview with the Secretary of the Treasury,
on Saturday, my time was so constantly occupied, that I
could not communicate his wishes, and this is written at the
close of office hours to-day.
The list of names sent to Mr. Cullom, on which you in-
serted two additional names, will accompany tins.
Most sincerely yours,
ELISHA WHITTLESEY.
W. P. Ingram, Chief Clerk House of Representatives.
Treasury Department,
comptkomifcr'd Oifici, September *26, 1856.
Sir: By instructions of the Secretary of the Treasury, 1
transmit to you Treasury draft No. 23«1 — for $'23,975 — to
pay to the respective poYaons the u';ual extra compensation
embraced ui the resolution of the House of Representatives
on the 15th of August, 1856, whose names are on the hst
which I send to you-—and which agrees with the list or roll
furnished from your office.
You will be eliareed with said draft of .$23,975
Most sinceiely yours, ELI SUA WHITTLESEY.
Hon. William Cui.iom,
* Clerk of Ike House of Representatives.
Treasury Depaiumkint,
Comptroller's Office, Jonuaiy 30, 1857.
Sir: On the 12th instant you referred to me the letter of
the Hon. Lewis D. Campbell, chaiiman of the Committee
of Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, ad-
dressed to you, bearing same date, in order that I should
furnish you with the information that will enable you to
reply to the following portion theieof, viz:
u Your letter of the 5th instant, with the report of the
Comptroller, has been referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means; and with a view to elicit such information as
will enable them to present $ie question properly before
the House, I beg leave to inquire upon the authority of
what law payments were made under the following resolu-
tions of the House of Representatives, granting extra com-
pensation to the officer.*, eleiks, messengers, pages, and
laborers of the House, and to the police and laborers of the
Capitol and Capitol grounds, viz :
il Twenty-Ninth Congress, first session.
iC Twenty-Ninth Congress, second session.
" Thirtieth Congress, lirst session.
u Thirtieth Congress, second session.
i( Thirty-First Congiess, first session.
" Thnty-First Congress, second session.
" Thirty-Second Congress, first session.
" Thirty-Second Congress, second se«>ion.
" Thirty-Fourth Congress, first session."
In reply I have respectfully to state, that there is no
authority for the payments made under the resolutions of
the Twenty-Ninth, Thirtieth, and Thiity-First Congresses,
and of the first session of the Thirty-Second Congress, but
that which is m the resolutions themselves, and it is not
derived from or supported by any law, but has its origin
only in the supposed absolute right of each House to dis-
pose cf its contingent fund according to Jts pleasure, whete
there osi: ?d no law to the contrary, The resolution of the
second session of the Thirty-Second Congress la sanctioned
by the appropriation in the act of March 3, 1853, making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1854.
(Statutes at Large, vol. 10, p. 189.) As rejects the remain-
ing resolution, viz: that of the first session of the Thirty-
Fourth Congress, I have to say, that no accounts of pay-
ments under it have yet been received at this office.
The resolution of the 15th of August, 1856, is as follows:
" Resolved, That the Clerk be directed to pay, out of the
contingent fund of the House, the usual extra compensation
to that class of employes who received the same at the last
Congress, and to the other employes of the House respect-
ively, including those employed in the office of the Super-
intendent of Public Printing, an amount equal to twenty
per cent, on their aunual compensation: Provided, That
this resolution shall not be construed to include the Public
Printer."
It embraces two classes of employes:
1st. Those who received tho usual extra compensation at
the last Congress.
2d. The other employes of the House an amount equal
to twenty per cent, on their annual compensation.
It is susceptible of having a third class, in these words :
3d. Those employed in the office of the Superintendent
of Public Printing.
1. Those m the first class did not receive a compensation
under the joint resolution of July 20, 1854, and are not ex-
cluded from receiving the usual extra compensation by the
express terms of that resolution. They were paid under
the resolution of the House of Representatives of the 15th
of August, 1&>6, because it was not perceived that they came
witlun the prohibitory clause of the resolution of July 20,
1854.
The Hon. William Cullom, Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives, on the 29th of August, 1856, made u, requisi-
tion for $10,000, for paying the second class, but not the
first class; and the eonscqucnco was, that importunities
were frequent by those who were interested in having the
first cla*s paid for then own services, or as parents, or rep-
resentatives.
It was said this class of employes were selling their
chums, because representations were made that their being
paid was doubtful. As they were not excluded by the joint
resolution of July 20, 1854, a hst of their names was ob-
tained from tho ehiel clerk ol the House of Representatives,
and its uceuiacy \vn< tested by the previous payment, when
the name of the same peison was on both lists.
Your anxiety to execute alt orders and resolutions of the
fiist and second serums of the Thuty-Fourth Congress,
involving the payment or advance of money from the
Treasury, that were deemed to be authorized by law, was
communicated in a letter to Mr. Ingram, chief eleik, dated
September 15.1856, a copy of which is presented herewith.
Alter a protracted cone&pondence, and on your being
satisfied that those whose names were on the hst were en-
titled, under the resolution of August 35,18^6, to the usual
annual compensation, you issued your warrant on the
Treasury for $23,975, which having been perfected as rc-
quiied by law, a draft was issued by the Treasurer of the
United States, and transmitted to Mr. Cullom in a letter
from this office, dated the 26th of September last, accom-
panied by the list of names mentioned above, with the
amount to be paid to each person. Extracts from that let-
ter are sent herewith. An entire copy of the letter is not
sent, from the belief that a part of it is foreign to the present
inquiry.
AH the resolutions of the House of Representatives, to
which Mr. Campbell refers, except the last, being the res-
olution of the first session ot the Thirty-Fouith Congress,
were adopted before the prohibitory joint resolution ol July
20, 1854, became a law. It is in these words:
"Joint Resolution to fix the compensation ol'thc employes
in the legislative department of the Government, and to
piohibit the. allowance of the usual extra compensation
to such as receive the benefits hereof.
*' Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Jimcrica in Congress assembled, That
the officers, clerks, messengers, and other employes jn the
legislative department of the Government, shall be paid an
increased compensation of twenty per cent, upon the com-
pensation now received by them respectively: and f he mes-
sengers of the Ilou<e of Representatives shall not receive
less than is allowed to messengers of the Senate of the same
clas^ ; buch increased compensation to commence from the
1st day of July, 1853; and that a sum sufficient to pay the
same to the 30ih of June, 1855, is hereby appropriated out
of any money in the'Treu<-ury not otherwise appropnatcd :
Provided, That no peison whose compensation was in-
creased by the act appioved Apid 22,1854, shall be bene-
fited by this joint resolution: j-hvl provided Juriher, That
the usual extra compensation shall notheroalter be allowed
to any person receiving the benefit1' of this joint resolution."
Those in the first class ol'thc llou->c resolution of August
15,1856, were paid, because they did not rcccive the twenty
per cem.pnder said joint lesolunon, and therefore were
not within its prohibitory proviso.
A part of the second section of the act of March 3,1845,
second session of the Twenty-Eighth Congress, vol 5, page
763-64, is as follows:
" That no part of the appropriations which may be made
for the contingent expen-.es of either House of Congress,
shall be applied to any other than the ordinary expenditures
of the Senate and House of Representatives, respectively,
nor as extra allowance to any clerk, messenger, or attend-
ant of the said two Houses, or cither of them, nor as pay-
ment or compensation to arty clerk, messenger, or other
attendant to be employed by a resolution of one of said
Houses, norm the purchase of books to be distributed to
•members."
If it should be urged that the words quoted are as restrict-
ive as the joint resolution of Juiy 20, 1854, the answer is,
that it is in an appropriation act which, by the construction
put upon it by those who administered the laws in the De-
partment of the Treasury, expired with the fiscal year.
This is conclusive to my mind, from the circumstance that
pavmPiUs thereafter made wen: ma disallowed.
That the Hou e of Representatives, at the next Congress
put the tame construction upon the ;-f^ond .jeuiori of ths
act of March 3,1845, is evident to my mind from tbe fol-
lowing fiicts; The second session of the Twenty-Eighth
Congress commenced its session on the 2d of December,
1844. .On the 17th of that month, Joseph R. IngersoJl moved
the following resolution, which was read, and debate easti-
ins thereon, it was laid over under the rule* -
" Resolved, That the Clerk of the House, at the close of
the session, pay out of the contingent fund, to those iQtbe
service of the House, an amount equal to that paid to sim-
ilar-individuals by the Senate during the present Congress*"
—Jourti«i,p. 92. .
On the 23d of tho same month, Mr. McClelland moved a
resolution to pay the persons in the packhig-room for their
services at the first session the same compensation that
the messengers received; which was laid over under the
rule because debate arose. (Journal, p. 138.) £ do not find
they were called up again. At that session, the act of
March 3, 1845, from which 1 have quoted, was passed, and
no compensation of the kind for that year was given.
At the first session of the Twenty-Ninth Congress, the
following resolution was adopted:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be authorized
and directed to pay, out of the contingent fund, to the clerks,
messengers, pages, and laborers of this House, the same
compensation that has heretofore been paid to the same
persons m the Senate." — Jownal, first session Twenty*
Ninth Congress, p. 1200.
If the House of Representatives had deemed the second
section of the act of March 3, 1845, in force, it is not to be
believed that the resolution copied above would have been
offered or adopted.
Very many have entertained the opinion that every clause
of an appropriation act expires at the end of the fiscal year,
unless prolonged by express words. On that point, I give
no opinion here. The question was examined by me sooji
after X commenced to discharge the duties of this office, and
the records will show the opinion I entertained.
The House thereafter continued to pass resolutions to
give extra compensation to those in its employ, until the
first session of the Thirty-Third Congress, at which session
the joint resolution of July20,1854, became a law. It was
a distinct act of legislation to avoid tbe fate that had attended
previous efforts in appropi fation acts to correct abuses. It
w a permanent law by itself, in terms so oxpiict as to be
understood.
Those m the first class, as designated abovo, were not
within the prohibition of the second proviso, because they
declined to receive, the twenty per cent. 5 and to make pro-
vision for them, the rules were suspended 011 the 3d of
August, 1854, and the following resolution was adopted:
"Resolved, That the muat extra compensation bo paid
to the pages, folders, and such other employes who have
heretofore iccoived the same, and who have not, and shall
not hereafter, receive the benefits of tho joint, resolution
approved July 20, 1854.'' — Journal, first session Thirty-
Third Congress, p. 1282.
This resolution of the House is a cotemporaneous con-
struction of said joint resolution of July 20,1854. The con-
struction put upon the resolution of the House of the 15th
of August, 1850, by yourself and by this office, in connection
with the joint resolution of 1854, copied above, is as much
the subject of inquiry as to what has been withheld from
the claimants in the second and third classes, as to what
has been paid to the first class; and Mr. C amtbcll, as the
organ of the Committee of Ways and Means, having re*
ferred to my report which embraced all the classes in the
House resolution of August 15, 1850, " chats such inform-
ation as will enable them (the committee) to present the
question properly before the House."
To enable the committee to do this I proceed to remark
upon the two other classes very briefly, and upon the power
of the Secretary of the Treasury and the Comptroller in
regard to making advances of money from tho Treasury.
f I. All the persons and officers of the House who would
have been paid from said $'10,000, if it had been advanced
to Mr. Cullom, received the benefits of the joint resolution
of July 20, 1854, (if in "thee,) and were prohibited by the
terms thereoffroin receiving the usual extra compensation,
in these words:
is And provided further, That the usual extra compensa-
tion shall riot hfMeal'ter be allowed 10 any person receiving
tho benefits of this joint icsolntion."
Under these circumstances, the question was, for your-
selt, a? Secretary of the Treasury, and for myself, os Comp-
troller of the Treasury,to decide what doea the lawrequire
of u^ ? Our duties are prescribed by the act of September
2, 1789, being an act to establish the Treasuiy Department.
(Vol. l,p. 65.) As to drawing money irom the Tiea&ury,
you, as Secretary of the Treusuiy, are*lJ to grant, under the
limitations hetem established, or to be htreaftoi ptovided,
all warrants for moneys to be issued trom the Treasury, in
pursuance of appropriation^ by law " My duty as Comp-
troller is " to countersign all wnirants drawn by the Secre-
tary of the Treasmy which shall be warianted by law."
Mr. Cullom, as Clerk of the House of Ilepicsentatives,
made his requisition for $10,000, to pay compensations to
himself and other ofiicers, under a le&oluuon 0$ the House
of August 15, 1850, when the jamt resolution of the 90th of
Julj, 1854, expressly prohibits the payment This was the
opinion of each of us, alter a very caieiul investigation.
We hold that one House cannot repeal a law. That the
appropriation clause m these words, " And to enable tbe
Cieik of the House of Representatives to pay the additional
compensation to its employ^- and other?, authorized by the
resolution of the House of Representatives of August 15,
1856,hereby appiopriated out of anyraoney in tile Treas-
ury not otherwise appiopiiated, and is hereby added to the
contingent fund ot the House of Representatives," does not
sanction any act of the House of Representative* not com-
petent for the House of itself to perform. If the contingent
fund of the House had been sufficiently iarge to have paid
those who were prohibited fiom receiving tbe u« ua! extra
compensation by the jointresolution of July20,1854, would
the Clerk have been justified m paving them twenty per
cent, under the resolution of the House of August 15.1856 i
Certainly not, unless one Ilourfp can repeal a law. Tho
office of the appropriation clause was to furnish money for
that which the House had done within it? ipgmmate - p'fK rn
of action, and nothing furtlur. Th" word w'hsvzcd >
