m-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
wastherefore most appropriatelyused. There b§|ng no law
(if the clauses in the appropriation acts were inoperative
after the expiration of tbe fiscal year) against the House
paying out ©fits contingent fund its employes who had not
received the benefit of the ;joint resolution of July 20,1854;
and it having, by the resolution of August 15,1858, embraced
that class of employes, so far as they were concerned,
« atdtiority" xvas given? because to that extent its power
extended, but not beyond that.
111. The resolution of the House of Representatives of
August 15, 1856, included those employes in the office of the
Superintendent of Public Printing, and attempted to raise
their salaries.
f t-was believed by us, that the House of Representatives
had no more authority to increase the salaries of the Super-
intendent of Public Printing, and those employed in his
office, by paying the amount out of its contingent fund,
than it had to increase the salary of any other officer hold-
ing a civil, military* or naval appointment.
A tabular statement\vUl accompany this, designating the
Congresses and sessions at which the House of Represent-
atives adopted resolutions giving extia compensation to
different officers or persons, from the first session of the
Twenty-Ninth Congress to the first session of tbe Thirty-
Fourth Congress inclusive, with the exception of the Thirty-
Third Congress,which is not mentioned m Mr. Campbell's
letter; and designating, also, the dates of the respective
acts making appropriations for defraying the contingent
expenses of said House.
' I owe an apology to tbe committee, to the House, and to
yourself, for the time consumed in the investigation of the
matters presented by Mr. Campbell, as chanman of the
Committee of Ways and Means. Mr. Ramsey, chief clerk
in this office, and William Anderson, a clerk of long expe-
rience, were detailed lor the service at the earliest practi-
cable hour. The latter gentleman had examined the ac-
counts in this office as they were respectively settled. From
the sickness of Mr. Ramsey, and from tho severity of the
weather that detained him at home, and from the death of
a member of his family, the investigation was necessarily
delayed. J had no clerk to supply Mr. Ramsey's place.
Mr. Campbell's letter is returned herewith.
Most respectfully yours,
ELISI1A WHITTLESEY.
Hon. James Guthrie, Secretary of the Treasury.
Resolution of House
of Representatives
granting extra-com-
pensation — when
passed.
29th Congress lstaess.
39th «
yd -
30th «
1st «
30 th' «
2c 1 "
31st "
J.St "
31st "
2d "
3Sd «
1st
32d '<
2d "
.34th  
1st
General ap-
propriation
act—when
passed.
Aug. 10,
Match tt,
An?. 10,
Maich 3,
Si'pMW,
M.uch.%
Au«?. 31,
.March 3,
March 3,
Aug. IS.
Id 16
184?
1818
1849
1&)0
i<m
lo52
ier>3
1 So3
1856
Aug. 18,1856
Statutes
at Largo,
No. of
volume.
9
9
9
9
9
9
10
10
10
Pamphlet
Ed. 'oo-vG
Pago
where
found.
85
153
264
11'i
i?23
599
'/6
183
190
| 90
03-104
Treasury Dkpartmen-t.
January 31, 18.>7.
Sir: Referring to my letter* to ynu of the 7th, 10th, 12th,
*md 13th instant, lelauve to additional compensation to
certain employes or the IIoii « of Representatives, I have
now tba honor to inc;o.:e the report of the. Comptroller of
tbe Trcasuiy, to whom tile subject had been referred, and
to say, that in the views and argument.-, of the Comptroller
I fully concur.
I am, very respectfully, JAMBS GUTHKJK,
Secretary of Ike Treasury.
Hon. L. D. Campbei.i,, Chairman Committee of Ways and
MmnSj Hatae of Representatives.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was teceived from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed a resolution constitu-
ting a committee of three members, to join such
committee as might be appointed by the House
of Representatives, to ascertain and reportamode
of examining the votes for President and Vice
President of the United States, and of notifying
the peisons elected of their election; arid had ap-
pointed Mr. Bigler, Mr. Bekjamin, and Mr.
Foot, the committee on the pan of the Senate.
Mr. JGNEb, of Tennessee. I move that a
committee of five be appointed by the Chair, in
conformity with the resolution of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORT.
Mr. PAINE, from the Committee on Patents,
presented an adverse report on the petition of
Phineas Emmons and others, heirs of II ri Em-
mons; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
ENTRIES UNDER THE GRADUATION ACT.
The question being; on Mr. Phli.ps's motion to
suspend the rules for the purpose of introducing
a bill to tunem) an act. theietn ntuned,
Mr, HAVEN said .'I wish to eoy ons word
about this bill, for the benefit of the gentleman
from Missouri and others, if he will allow me.
The SPEAKER. The question is not debata-
ble, unless by general consent.
There was no objection.
Mr. HAVEN. I only desire to say this single
word. We have had two votes on a motion to
suspend the rules for the purpose of introducing
this bill, and I have myself voted once against it.
I have, however, examined it since, and have
talked on the subject with the Commissioner of the
General Land Office. The bill has application
only to those lands that are reduced in price, so
that no loss will inure to the Government. I hope
the House will suspend the rules without further
controversy, and pass this bill.
Mr. PHELPS. This bill also does away with
many objections to the other offered by my friend
from Alabama, [Mr. Houston.] I omit the sec-
ond section of that bill.
The question was taken; and the rules were sus-
pended.
The bill was read a first and second time.
It legalizes and orders patents to issue for all
entries of public lands made under the act to grad-
uate and reduce the price of tho public lands to
actual settlers and cultivators, approved August
4, 1854, made prior to the passage of this act, in
which the purchaser has made the affidavit and
paid the purchase-money, as required by said act,
excepting those entries under the act where fraud
is or may be charged before the Commissioner of
the General Land Office previous to the issuing of
the patents; in which cases patents shall not issue
until it shall appear to the satisfaction of tho Com-
missioner (after proper investigation) that the en-
tries were made in good faith; provided that this
act shall not be so construed as to confirm any of
the entries which have heretofore been annulled
and vacated by the Commissioner, and the lands
thus restored to inarkethave been entered by an-
other person.
Mr. PHELPS moved the previous question on
the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under its operation,
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engiossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr, BRANCH, I move to amend the title. I
do not understand the bill as amending the existing
law, or as intended to establish any new construc-
tion of the law, but only to relieve certain parties
who have made entries under mistake of the law.
I therefore move to strike out the title as it stands,
and insert the following: "An act to confirm cer-
tain entries of land therein named."
Mr. PHELPS. I agree to that amendment.
Mr. CRAIGE. 1 move to amend the title
further by calling it " An act for the purpose of
enabling persons to hold land without comply-
ing with the requirements of the original act."
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The amendment cannot be
received unless it be stated in writing.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I would suggest to
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Branch]
to strike out the words "therein named," in
his amendment, and to insert the words " under
tho graduation act,1' so that everybody can under-
stand it.
Mr. BRANCH. The title which I have sug-
gested appears to express sufficiently the object
of the bill, and I do not see what force might
result from the amendment suggested by the
gentleman from Alabama. I prefer to let it stand
as it is.
Mr. Branch's amendment to the title was
agreed to.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. GROW. I desire to ask the consent of
the House to submit a motion to set apart next
Saturday for territorial business, in order to com-
plete the three days which the House had set
apart in the beginning of this session.
Mr. STEPHENS. I have 110 objection at ail
to ttiat, if the gentleman will confine himself to
matters local in their character.
Mr. GROW. I will say to the gentleman from
Georgia that the Committee on Territories have
now no bills in their possession involving the
slavery question. They reported those the other
day. Whether or not the House set apart an-
other day for territorial business, it will make no
difference on this question.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then 1 hope the House
will set apart next Saturday; the gentleman from
Pennsylvania confining his action to bills of a
local character.
Mr. GROW. I have no objection to that.
The Kansas bill reported the other day is before
the House on a motion to recommit, and it wilt
be there until acted on; and whether you set
apart another day or not, it will, not affect the
position of that bill. I ask that Saturday next
may be devoted to the consideration of local ter-
ritorial business, to make up the three days ori-
ginally set apart for that purpose.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. GROW. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
The question was taken, and the rules wore
suspended; when
Mr. GROW offered the resolution, and it wag
agreed to.
Mr. GROW moved that the vote by which the
resolution was agreed to be reconsidered; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I am instructed by the investigating com-
mittee unanimously to report the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Serjeant-at-Arms of this House be,
and he is hereby, instructed to linriif James VV. Stmonton,
now in liis custody by order of tile House, before the select
committee appointed on the 9th ultimo, to answer on the
summons of the Speaker such questions as may be pro-
pounded to him touching the subject-matter of said inves-
tigation by Raul co'mmittee.
Mr. K. called the previous question.
The previous question was -seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, tho resolution was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY moved that the vote by which
the resolution was adopted be reconsidered; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS, ETC.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I would inquire of
the Chair whether the motion X made a week ago
to-day does not now come up in order >
The SPEAKER. The question was postponed
until to-day.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I call it up now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
calls up the motion to reconsider the vote whereby
tho bill (H. R. No. 187) to establish the collec-
tion districts of the United States, and designating
ports of entry and ports of delivery in tho same,
and for other purposes, was made the special
order for the 9th of December last. Upon that
motion, the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] raises the question of order, that it is not
in order to entertain the motion to reconsider,
inasmuch as the day set apart for the considera-
tion of the bill has passed. The Chair overrules
the point of order, upon the ground that, inasmuch
as the motion to reconsider has certain privileges,
the Chair cannot refuse to entertain it, although
the day to which the motion to reconsider relates
has passed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What will be the
effect if the House should vote to reconsider, the
day having passed ? Does it bring the matter of
postponement before the House again?
The SPEAKER. If the House reconsider the
vote by which the consideration of the bill was
postponed, it will bring the motion to postpone
before the House. If the House think it not pos-
sible to consider it on the 9th of December, they
will change the time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the House re-
consider the motion, the question will be upon
postponing the consideration of the bill to the
9th of December, 1856.
The SPEAKER. The House can amend it as
to time.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
