540
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
February 2,
Mr. STEPHENS. I never have.
Mr. LETCHER. Neither have I, and I want
to hear it read.
Mr. STEPHEN'S. But, Mr. Speaker, it has
been printed.
The question being on suspending the rules,
" Mr* ^ETCHER demanded the yeas and nays.
' The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. §M1TH, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. A motion to recommit, which I
wish to make 
- The SPEAKER. Such a motion is not in
order.
, Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I wish to appeal
to the gentleman from Georgia to withdraw his
motion.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
112, nays 76; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Barclay, Bell,
Benson, Billinghurst, Bmglmm, Bliss, Bradshaw. Branch,
Broom, Buffinton, Burlmgame, Cadwalader, James H.
Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaftee, Bayard Clarke,
Ezia Clark, Howell Cobb, Colfax, Comms, Covode, Cragm,
Cullen, Damrell, Dean, Denver, De Witt, Dick, Dickson,
DoddjDurffte, Etberidge,Eu&tis, Flagler, Florence,Thomas
J 1). Fuller, Galloway, Granger, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
Herbert, Hickman, Hodges, Holloway, Hugb-non, Jewett,
Kelly, KeJsey, Kennett, King, Knapp, Knowlton, Knox,
Kunkc), Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall,
Maxwell, Millwaiil, Moore, Morrill, Norton, Mordeuai
Ohver, Parker, Peck, Pekon. Pennington, Pettit, Pike,
Pringle, Purvianec, Beady, Kicaud, Robbing, Roberts,
Sabui, Sage, Sapp, Savage, tk-ott, Seward, Sherman,
William Smith, WiJJiam It. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Ste-
phens, Stewart, Stranahan, Tappan, Thonngton, Thurston,
Todd, Trafton, Tyson, Vail, YaJk, Wade, Wakeman,
Warner, CadwaladerC. Washburnt;,ElUhu B. Waahburne,
Israel Washburn, Watson, Weils, Wheeler, Williams,
Wmslow, Woodworth, and ZollicofFer—112.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Ball, JJarksdale, Hendley S. Ben-
nett, Bocoek, Bowie, Boyce, Brcnton, Burnett, John P.
Campbell, Carlile, Caskie, Chugman, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Cox, Cruise, Crawford, Davidson, Timothy Davw,
Dowdf-ll, Dunn, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Evans, Fos-
ter, Garnett, Goode, Greenwood, Grow, Augustus Hall,
J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Hums, Hairison, Haven,
Hoffman, Valentine B. Hortou, Houston, Howard, George
W. Jones, Kent, Kidwell, Knight, Lake, loiter, Letcher,
Ht.l! .... lit* . 
 net, 7
bimmons, Samuel A. SimUi, Talbott. Tnppo, Underwood,
Walker, VVatkins, Wood, Woodi mi', Daniel B. Wright,
and John V. Wught—16.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.)
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
know the precise situation of the bill before the
House.
The SPEAKER. After the bill has been read,
the question will first hp upnn the motion to lay
"upon the table, and if that be negatived, then upon
the motion to postpone.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I made the
motion to postpone. Is it my right to withdraw
that motion ?
The SPEAKER. Itis competent for the gen-
tleman from Illinuis to withdraw it, if it is his mo-
. tioil,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is my
motion, and I withdraw it.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Do I understand
that the gentleman from Illinois withdraws his
motion to postpone ?
The SPEAKER. He does withdraw it.
^ Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Well, sir, thatmo-
tion being Withdrawn, I nowofferasubstitute for
the original bill-and upon that I demand the pre-
vious question.
I he SPEAKER, The motion to lay upon the
table takes precedence, and must be first put
befose a substitute can be offered.
Mr. S FEPHENS, Is it in order to move that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union 5
The SPEAKER. Itis.
Mr. SI EPIiENS. ThlHi I submit that mo-
tion.
The motion wad not agreed.to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE,
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbory DicKiVb, its Secretary, informing the
House that the feenate had passed the following
bills of the House:
f An act (No. f>>?7) for the refief of Captain
Thomas Duncan, of thf United f-tate& Army; and
An act (No. 336) for the relief of Ransdell Pegg.
Also, that the Senate had-passed the following
bills; in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House:
An act (No. 547) for the relief of William F.
Russell, of Florida; and
An act (No. 387) to provide for the regular
transmission of the mail on route No. 6840.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS, ETC.—AGAIN.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I would inquire
what effect the withdrawal of the motion of the
gentleman from Illinois has upon the demand for
the reading of the bill? When the motion to post-
pone was the pending question, the gentleman
from Tennessee called for the reading of the bill.
That motion being withdrawn, does not the read-
ing of the bill fall with it?
The SPEAKER. The withdrawal of the mo-
tion has no effect upon the reading of the bill what-
ever. It is the right of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to have the bill read, either upon the
motion to lay upon the table, or upon ordering
the bill to be engrossed. The Clerk will read the
bill.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I would ask the
gentleman from Tennessee if he desires the ori-
ginal bill and amendments read, when the substi-
tute is the same thing ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I want the whole
read.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. Would it be in order to move to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. That is not a question of
order. The Clerk will read the bill.
The Clerk commenced the reading, but was
soon interrupted by
Mr. SEWARD, who (at five minutes to two
o'clock, p. m.) moved that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to make an inquiry
in reference to a point of order. The gentleman
from Illinois having withdrawn his motion to
postpone, I wish to know if the House should
now adjourn, or should go into the Committee
of the Whole, pending the reading of the bill, it
would not go upon the Speaker's table ?
The SPEAKER. It would fall to the Speak-
er's table.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to dispense
with the further reading of this bill; and to that
end I move to suspend the rules, to enable me to
submit that motion.
Mr. LETCHER. Is that in order?
The SPEAKER. Thatmotion can be repeated
after the reading of the bill has been advanced
with.
Mr. WALKER, Upon the motion to suspend
the rules I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
114, nays 60; as follows:
_ YEAS—Messis. Akers, Albright, Allison, Barbour, Bar-
clay, Bell, Benson, Hilunghurst, Bliss, Boyce, Bradshaw,
Branch, Broom, ButTmtoit, Burhngume, Cadwalader, James
II. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke,
Ezra Clai K, Howell Cobb, Colfax, Comms, Covode, Cragin,
Oullen, DauireH, Henry Winter Davis, Day, Dean, Denver,
De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, English,
Ethertdge, Eustis, Flagler, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Galloway, Granger, Robcit li. Hall, Harlan.Hodges,Hollo-
way, Valentine B. Horton, Jcwett, Kelly,'Kennett, King,
Knapp, Knowlton. Knox, Kunkcl, Mace, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Maxwell, Killian Miller, Morgan, Morrill. Mott,
Murray, Norton, AndrewOllver, Mordecai Ohvei, Packer,
Parket, Peek, Polton, Pem ington, Pettit, Pike, Pruigle,
Puryear, Ready. Rieaud, Roberts, Sabin, Sapp, Scott, Sevv-
burac, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wheeler, Wil-
liams, Woodwonhr and Zolheotl'er—114.
NAYS — Messis. Aiken. Bali, Baiksdale, Ilendlev S.
Bennett, Boeock, Bowie, Brenton, Burnett, Caskie, Cbnc-
man, Williamson K. W. Cobb, Conge, Crawford. David-
son, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, Foster, GamettJ Goode,
Greenwood, Uiow, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Hams,
Sampson W. Harns, Haven, UieKinan, Hoffman. Houston,
Howaid, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones. Keitt, Kid-
well, Knight, Letter, Letcher, Alexander K. Maishall,
McCarty, McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson,
Orr, Fame, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Eeade, ltuffin, Rust,
bandtdge, Simmons, Samuel A Sumo, Talbott, Walker,
Watkms, Whitney, Wood, and Woodruff— 60.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
nonvoting m favor thereof.)
The Clerk resumed the leading of the bill, but
was interrupted by
Mr. WALKER, who (at fifteen minutes after
two o'clock, p. m.) moved that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. GARNETT. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
The SPEAKER. Thatmotion is now pending.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. DAVIDSON. AVould it be in order to
move to recommit the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order at
this time.
The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ; and it was not agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill, but
was interrupted by
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the bill is being
read upon my call, I will withdraw it until the
vote be taken upon the motion to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. CRAIGE. I call for the reading of the
bill. S
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move to sus-
pend the rules, in order to enable me to offer a
motion that the further reading of the bill be dis-
pensed with.
The SPEAKER. The House having negatived
that motion this instant, as it were; the Chair
thinks that it is not in order to repeat it now;
but the Chair holds, that when the House has
progressed to any considerable extent with the
reading of the bill, a motion to dispense with the
further reading would be in order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. To whatextent
must the reading proceed before the motion would
be in order? One paragraph has been read since
the other motion was made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not
in order to repeat the motion at this time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I take an ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to lay the appeal
upon the table.
Mr. WALKER. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. RUFFIN, (at twenty minutes after two
o'clock, p. m.) I move that the House do now
adjourn.
'Mr. CLINGMAN.
motion to adjourn.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clingman,
and Clark of Connecticut, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 51, noes 70.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
w Mr. STANTON. I understand that a clerk
in good health and good voice will be able to read
this bill in twelve hours. [Cries of'• Order!"]
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I insist on n\y
motion.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. What would be the
effect on the pending question, if the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee be agreed to?
The SPEAKER- As the question stands, the
bill will go on the Speaker's table.
Mr. FLORENCE. Pending that motion, is it
in order to move to recommit the bill?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I trust we will not
go into committee. It is a killing process.
Mr. WALKER. Is not the pending question
before the House the appeal from the decision of
the Chair ?
The SPEAKER. It is; but pending that, the
gentleman from Tennessee moves to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state oftheUnion,
The question was put; and the motion was not
agreed to.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I move to postpone
the further consideration of this bill and of the
pending motion till  *
The SPEAKER. There ia a motion pending
to lay on the table.
I call for tellers upon the
