1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Then I move to post-
pone the motion till ■>_
The SPEAKER. It is not in order. It must
be disposed of. The Chair will state the question.
A motion was made to suspend the rules so that
the reading of the bill might be dispensed with;
which was negatived by the yeas and nays in the
House. The Clerk resumed the reading of the
bill, and having progressed very little more than
one half minute therein (as the time was marked
on the dial) the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Washburn] again moved to suspend the rules so
that the House might dispense with the reading
of the bill; and the Chair, on the ground that no
sufficient business had intervened, decides that
the repetition of the motion at this time is not in
order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If that is the
state of facts I will withdraw my motion. I had,
as I supposed, heard a full paragraph read.
Mr. FLORENCE. That is a very sensible con-
clusion on the part of the gentleman from Maine;
more so than usual. [Laughter.]
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill, and
was again interrupted by
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, who said: I
desire, Mr. Speaker, to submit a motion. There
seems to be a desire on the part of the House to
examine this bill further, and I therefore propose
that the further reading of the bill be dispensed
with, in order that we may take a vote on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from South Carolina, to lay
the bill on the table; and if that be voted down, £
will then appeal to my colleague on the Commit-
tee on Commerce, [Mr. Fui.lrr, of Maine,] to
move to postpone this bill till Thursday next,
r. CLINGMAN. I obicct to Tin
L hursday.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I objcct
Make it Friday or Saturday.
Several Members objected to the two last-men-
tioned days.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
objection 011 all sides to naming Friday.
Several Members. Make it Monday.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Monday is
suspension day. I propose, therefore, to say to-
morrow week.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
suspend the rules for the purpose which I have
indicated—in the first place, to dispense with the
reading of the bill; then to take a vote 011 the mo-
tion of the gentleman from South Carolina to lay
the bill on the table; and then, if that be nega-
tived, to have it postponed till to-monow week.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope that motion will
not be adopted. 1 ask the yeas and nays on it.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. As it is quite
evident that nothing can be done here to-day, and
as sufficient has been said to call the attention of
the House to this bill, that we may all read it and
see what is in it, I move that the House do now
[two and a half o'clock, p. m. 1 adjourn.
Mr. RUFF1N called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. R-uffin and
Spinner were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 43, noes 77.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
the motion of Mr. Washburne, of Illinois.
Mr. LETCHER. Is that motion in order?
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the House
to suspend the rules, so that the motion may be
received. The motion itself is not in accordance
with the regular order of business.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for tellers on
the motion to suspend the rules.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McMulun
and Knowlton were appointed.
Mr. LETCHER, (at forty minutes past two
o'clock.) I move that the House do now ad-
journ.
^ The motion was not agreed to.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 104, noes 23.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof.)
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act for the
relief of Sally T. Mathews; when the Speaker
signed the same.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS, ETC. AGAIN.
Mr. GARNETT, (at a quarter to three, p.m.)
I move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the res-
olution of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Washbejiimf.,"] that the further reading of the bill
shall be dispensed with; that the vote be taken
on the motion to lay on the table; and, if said
motion be negatived, that the further considera-
tion of the bill be postponed . till Tuesday, the
10th instant.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the gentleman to in-
sert " Monday, the 9th," instead of "Tuesday,
the 10th."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection to that.
The resolution was so modified.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the yeas and nays on
agreeing to the resolution,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I ask if the resolution
cannot be so divided as to have the question taken
first on dispensing with the further reading of the
bill?
The SPEAKER. It cannot be so divided.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, asked the
previous question on the passage of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. TODD. I rise to a question of order.
The resolution is not in order, inasmuch as it
embodies two different propositions.
The SPEAKER. The House has suspended
the rules so that it might be introduced. It is,
therefore, in order.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BARCLAY. Ia an amendment now in
order ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, as the previous
question has been called.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 122, nays 4(i; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Allison, Barbour, Bell,
Benson, BilUnghurnt, Bocock, Bowie, Bradshaw, Brand),
Buffinton, Buihngame, CadvvaUuler. James II, Campbell,
Lewis I). Campbell, raskn:, Bayaid Clarke, Ezra Clark,
Chugmmi, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax,
Comm.--, Ciagin, Ciawibrd, Jhinnell, Henry Wintei Davis,
Timothy Davn, Day, Dean, Denver, Do Wilt, Dickson,
lJodd, Dunn, Durfce, Edmuud^on, Ev.in:i, Flaglei. Flor-
ence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, (Jallowav. Gilbert, <*ood< .
Granger, Augustus Hall, Hubert 13. Hall, Harlan, Hodges,
Hollo\va\, Valentino B. IJoiton, Hugli'-.ton, Kelly, Ken-
nett, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Leitei,
Humphrey Matshall, JVIeCarty, i\lcQ,ueen. Kdhan Miller,
Millson, Moore, Mou ill, Morrison, Mou, Norton, Mordoeai
Oliver, Packet, Parker, Peck, Pel ton, Peunm ton, Perry,
Pettit, Pike, Poiter, Punglc, (iuiiman, Ready, Rioaud,
Kabui, Sage, yapp. Scott, Sherman, Shmtei, Simmons,
William Smith, William It. Smith, Spinner, Stanton,
Stewart, Stranahan, Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Tmf-
ton, Tnppe, Tyson, Underwood, Wade, Wakeman, Wal-
dron, Cadwahuler C. Washbnrne, Uilthu H. Wanhbuino,
Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wheeler,' Williams,
Wmslow, Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth, Daniel B.Wright,
John V. Wright, and Zoilicolfer—122.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Ball, Barclay. Hendley S. Ben-
nett, Brenton, Broom, Burnett, Covodo, Craige, Davidson,
Elliott, Foster, Garnott, Gieenwood, Grow, J. Morrison
Harris, Sampson W. Harrn, Harrison, Haven, Hoffman,
Houston, Howard, Oeoige W. Jones, KmiUel, Lake,
Lctchur, Samuel S. Marshal!, McMuHin, Smith Miller,
Morgan, Murray, Phelps, Powell, Puiyear, Keade, Roberts,
Ituffin, Kusr, flavujje, Samuel A. Smith, Talbott, Todd,
Vail, Walker, Watkms, and Wells—46.
So the resolution was adopted; and the farther
reading of the bill was dispensed with.
The question recurred upon the motion to lay
*the bill upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. McQJJEEN asked for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken upon the motion to
lay upon the table; and it was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER.' The motion to lay upon
the table having been negatived, the further con-
sideration of the bill, in accordance with the reso-
lution, is postponed until Monday next.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on
Enrolled Dills, reported as truly enrolled a bill
for the relief of Brevet Major James Belger, of
the United States Army; wh<m the Speaker
signed the (same.
STEAM REVENUE CUTTER.
Mr. PELTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report back from the Committee
on Commerce House bill (No. 251) authorizing
the President of the United States to procure a
suitable revenue steamer for the port of New
York. It will be recollected that this bill passed
the House at the close of the last session, and was
sent to the Senate for its concurrence. It has
recently been returned from the Senate with
amendments. The bill, with amendments, was
referred to the Committee on Commerce. I now
ask leave to report it back, with a recommenda-
tion that the Senate amendments be concurred in.
It is an act to authorize the President of the United
States to procure, by purchase or otherwise, a
suitable steamer, to be stationed at the port of
New York as a revenue cutter, for the purpose
of affording relief to distressed vessels, their pasr
sengers and crews.
Mr. McMULLlN. I object.
Mr. PELTON. I move to suspend the rules
to enable me to make the report.
Mr. McMULLlN. This House is too thin to
act upon so important a question; and therefore I
move that the House do now [ten minutes after
three o'clock] adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. McQUEEN. On the motion to suspond
the rules, I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 desire to have the amend-
ments, which the Senate proposed to this bill,
read.
The amendments wore read.
The question was taken on Mr. Pelton's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to—two thirds voting in
favor thereof.
The rules being suspended,
Mr. PELTON, from the Committee on Corn-
mere, reported the bill, and demanded the pre-
vious Question upon agreeing to the Senate
amendments.
Mr. McMULLlN. I appeal to the gentleman
from New York to withdraw the previous ques-
tjftp* to allow me an opportunity to say a few
words.
Mr. PELTON. I cannot withdraw it.
Mr. McMULLlN. Then I move to lay the
bill upon the table.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Is the bill before the
House, or only the amendments?
The SPEAKER. The bill carries all with it.
The question was taken on Mr. McMuu.in's
motion; and it was not agreed to.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put.
The amendments of the Senate were then sev-
erally read and concurred in, as follows:
First amendment:
In line eight, after the word "steamer," strike out the
words, u to be stationed at the pori of New York."
Second amendment:
In line nine, alter the words "revenue cutter," strike
out the words, " and for the purpose of aft'oidmg relief to
distressed vessels, their passengers and crews."
Third amendment:
Amnnd the title *o that it shall r* ad: " An act to authorize
the President of the United States to caue** to be procured,
by purchase or otherwise, a suitable steamer as a revenue
cutter."
Mr. PELTON moved that the vote by which
the amendments were concurred in be reconsid-
ered; and also moved that the motion to reconi
sider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS IN TEXA8-
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I £sk the unanimous
consent of the House to report, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, a Senate bill to divide
the State of Texas into two judicial districts.
The bill was read for information.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to know if,
when the rules are suspended, and this bill is
reported, it will be in order to put into it amend -
ments, without suspending the rules, so as to
provide for new district judges and attorneys
wherever they want them ?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. 1 hope the gentleman
from Tennessee will not embarrass the passage
