THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
of this bill by any operation of that sort. [Laugh-
te'alr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ara not going
to offer any such amendments, and if any such
amendments are to be offered, I object.
- Mr. H. MARSHALL. Then I move to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. LETCHER. I wish to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Kentucky. I see by this
bill that the present judge, who has been much
complained of, is assigned to the eastern district
ofTexas. In which district does he reside ?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. In the eastern district
—at Galveston.
The question recurring on the motion to sus-
pend the rules,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Miller, of
Indiana, and Barbour, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 97, noes 20.
The SPEAKER voted in the affirmative. So
the rules weve suspended, (two thirds voting in
favor thereof.)
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I move the previous
question upon the passage of the bill.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 90,
noes 25; no quorum voting.
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers. .
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Smith, of
Tennessee, and Clark, of Connecticut, were ap-
pointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 106, noes 19.
So the previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered; and under its opera-
tion the bill was ordered to be read a third time,
and was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. H. MARSHALL moved the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was passed.
Mr. H. MARSHALL moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed, and afco
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
IMPEACHMENT OP A JUDGE.
Mr. BARBOUR, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, asked leave to report the following
resolution;
Resolved, That John C. Watrouq, United States district
judge for the district ofTexas, be impeached Ibrhigh crimes
and misdemeanors.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object; and move that
the House do now [three o'clock and forty-five
minutes] adjourn.
Mr. BARBOUR. I move to suspend the rules
that I may introduce the resolution.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask my col-
league [Mr. Sherman] to withdraw his motion
to adjourn, till I get an opportunity of submitting
a motion to change the hour of meeting of this
House to eleven o'clock, a. m.
Several Members objected.
The SPEAKER presented several bills and
adverse reports from the Court of Claims. The
bills were referred to the Committee of Claims,
and the adverse teports were placed on the Cal-
endar of the House.
Mr. FLORENCE asked and obtained leave to
present and have printed an amendment to the
tariff bill.
The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Barbour's mo-
tion to suspend the rules.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Indiana. He has pro-
posed to introduce a resolution. I ask whether
that resolution received the sanction of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, of which he is a mem-
ber?
Mr. BARBOUR. Certainly it did.
Mr. PHELPS. Is it a unanimous report?
Mr. BARBOUR. It is not; it has received all
the votes but one.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
the motion to suspend the rules, so that the
report and resolution from the Committee on the
Judiciary might be received and considered.
Mr. STANTON. Is it to be considered now ?
The SPEAKER. To be considered at this
time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the gentleman from Indiana whether there is
any report giving the reasons why the House
should vote for this resolution ?
Mr. BARBOUR. Yes; there is.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, suppose we
have it read.
The SPEAKER. It can be read only by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. BARBOUR. The object of the commit-
tee now is to have the House fix a time for the
consideration of this resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask unanimous
consent to have the report read.
Mr. FAULKNER objected.
Mr. GROW. I understand that the object of
the gentleman from Indiana is to have a time fixed
for the consideration of this resolution.
Mr. BARBOUR. My object is to have a day
appointed by the House for action on this reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana modifies his motion so that it stands that the
resolution be made a special order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to special
orders.
Mr. LETCHER. If the House adjourns now,
will^not this question come up the first thing next
Monday ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend the
rules will be in order next Monday.
Mr. PHELPS. The collection districts bill is
set down for Monday next.
The SPEAKER. That bill is postponed by
an ordinary vote; and a motion to suspend the
rules will sunersede that business.
Mr. FLORENCE. Has there been an order to
print the report?
The SPEAKER. There has not been.
Mr. FLORENCE. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. LETCHER, (at
twelve minutes before four o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 2, 1837.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal Of Saturday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT jiro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating in obedience to law, an abstract of the
returns of the militia of the States and Territo-
ries, with their arms, accouterments, and ammu-
nition; which was, on motion by Mr. Weller,
ordered to lie oil the table and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a message from
the President of the United States, communicating,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate of
December 23,1856, certain information respecting
the pay and emoluments of Lieutenant General
Scott.
Mr. PRATT. I move the reference of those
papers, without printing, to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Court of Claims, made in
obedience to law, of the opinion of that court
adverse to the claim of Johnson K. Rogers; and
of the decisions of the court in favor of the claim
of 0. H. Berrymaii and others; the claim of Na-
hum Ward; the claim of David Wood; the claim
of John Michel; the claim of Collier H. Minge,
Philip T. Ellicott, and Lucretia A. Brodie, ad-
ministratrix of Charles Brodie; the claim of At-
kinson, Rollins & Co.; the claim of Aymar & Co.;
theclaimof Wolfe&Co.; the claim ofStanwood
& Reed; the claim of Samuel A. Way; the claim
of J. D. & M. Williams; the claim of Udolpho
Wood; the claim of Alfred Atkins; the claim of
George W. Wales; and the claim of T. B. Wales
<fc Co.; accompanied by the following bills:
A bill for "the relief of O. H. Berryman;
A bill for the relief of Nahum Ward;
A bill for the relief of David Wood, merchant,
of the city of New York;
A bill for the relief of John Michel, merchant,
of the city of New York;
A bill for the relief of Collier H. Minge, Philip
T. Ellicott,.and Lucretia A. Brodie, administra-
trix of Charles Brodie;
A bill for the relief of Atkinson, Rollins & Co.;
merchants, of the city of-Boston; '
A bill for the relief of Aymar & Co., mer-
chants, of the city of New York;
A bill for-the relief of Wolfe & Co., merchants,
of the city of New York;
A bill for the relief of Stanwood & Reed, mer-
chants, of Boston;
A bill for the relief of Samuel A. Way, mer-
chant, of the city of Boston;
A bill for the relief of J. D. &. M. Williams,
merchants, of the city of Boston;
A bill for the relief of Udolpho W ood, merchant,
of the city of New York;
A bill for the relief of Alfred Atkins, merchant,
of the city of New York;
A bill for the relief of George W. Wales, mer-
chant, of the city of Boston; and
A bill for the relief ofT. B. Wales&.Co., mer-
chants, of the city of Boston.
The report was, on motion of Mr. Stuabt,
referred to the Committee on Claims,
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CASS presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Michigan, in favor of an appropriation
to aid that State ill constructing and completing
a canal around the falls of St. Mary's, in Michi-
gan; which was ordered to he on the table, and
be printed.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of citizens
of Pike county, Mississippi, praying for the con-
firmation of the title of Parham B. Williams to a
certain tract of land in that State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. COLLAMER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Cavendish and its vicinity, in Vermont,
praying that pensions may be granted to the chil-
dren of such officers and soldiers of the Revolu-
tion as have died without receiving pensions;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. ALLEN presented a memorial of mer-
chants, shipmasters, and citizens of Newport,
Rhode Island, praying for an appropriation for
placing one or more vessels on the coast for the
relief of vessels in distress, to enable them to gain
that harbor; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
SAN FRANCISCO VIGILANCE COMMITTEE.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to eom-
lmmicate to the Senate copies of all correspondence not
heietofore communicated, between officers of the Army and
the civil authorities of California, relative to the domgs of
the " Vigilance Committee" m San Francisco in 1856.
EMPLOYMENT OF CAMELS.
Mr. PEARCE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Sccretaiy of War be dnected to fur-
nish the Senate with any information in his possession show-
ing the results of the trials of the camel as a beast of burden
and for tile transportation of troops, and showing also tfie
characteristics and habits of the animal, and the number
imported up to the present time.
ADMISSION OF MINNESOTA AND OREGON.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that they
had passed the following bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 642) to authorize the people
of the Territory of Minnesota to form a constitu-
tion and State government, preparatory to their
admission into the Union on an equal footing with
the original States;
A bill (H. R. No. 7) to authorize the people
of the Territory of Oregon to form a constitution
and State government, preparatory to their admis-
sion into the Union on an equal footing with the
original States.
These bills were, on the motion of Mr. Doug-
las, read twice by their titles, and referred to the
! Committee on Territories.
