5U
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2.
is 10 eau3e'to be prepared, recorded, and trans-
mitted, all appointments and commissions in the
judiciary of the United States, and of all special
commissioners or other officers not under the di-
rection of any other Department; but no such
commission is to be recorded until attested by the
Attorney General. It is to be his duty to super-
intend and direct the district attorneys of the
United States in the transaction of their official
.duties, in all instances he may deem necessary and
proper; to superintend and direct the Solicitor of
the Treasury and the business of that office; and
to that end the Solicitor, (who is hereafter to be
styled' the Solicitor of the United States,) and
the clerks and messenger, together with all the
books and papers of that office, are transferred to
the Department of Law. The supervisory power
nov/ exercised by the Secretary of the Interior
over the accounts of the marshals, clerks, and
other officers of the courts of the United States,
is to be exercised by the Attorney General.
The commissions of all officers of the United
States are to be made out, recorded, and, when
necessary, countersigned and sealed in the De-
partment, under the supervision of the heads of
which those officers may respectively be required
to act, or to which they belong.
Hereafter it is proposed to be made the duty of
the First Auditor to audit and adjust, all accounts,
disbursements,claims,and expenditures, of what-
soever nature and description, that may arise or
be unsettled in the Department of the Treasury;
the Second Auditor those of the Department of
the Interior, except the accounts of the General
Land Office and Patent Office, which are to be
settled as at present. The Third Auditor, those
of the Department of "VVar; the Fourth Auditor,
those of the Navy Department; the Fifth Auditor,
those of the Departments of State and Law; the
Sixth Auditor, those of the Post Office Depart-
ment. AH accounts audited by the First and
Filth Auditors are to be revised and comptrolled
by the First Comptroller; those audited by the
Second, Third, and Fourth Auditors, are to be
revised and comptrolled by the Second Comji-
troller.
When the bill was last under consideration,
Mr. Adams offered the following amendment, as
ail additional seetiHn: ^
Skc. 5. Jind be if further enacted, That the A*?it4ant
Secietaiyoi the Treasury shall ho appointed bythel'ies-
ident, by runl with the advice and consent of the .Senate;
and that tins act shall take effect and be in lorce fioin and
nftci the *lih O! IVJaic'l) next; and that all jaws inconsistent
with tliis act bu, ami tin- same au: hereby, icpenled.
Mr. ADAMS. There are some prior amend-
ments to be offered, and the question on that
amendment can remain until the other amend-
ments are disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will bo passed over for the present.
Mr, ADAMS. I will very briefly explain to
the Senate the objects and purposes of this bill.
The first section creates a Law Department. To
this, some objections have been suggested; but I
bog leave to call the attention of the Senate to the
fact that there is no additional power attached to
this Department, and no expense incurred by its
creation. This section merely gives a name and
a legal form to what already exists. The Attor-
ney General is a Cabinet officer; he is the legal
adviser of the President and of the heads of the
Departments; yet his office is not, in the language
of the law, a Department of the Government.
Tins biil creates it a Deparment, and makes the
Attorney Genera! the head of it, without confer-
ring additional powers or incurring additional
expense.
The next feature is to transfer the office of the
Solicitor of the Treasury tothe Law Department,
and to make him the Solicitor of the United States.
He is now called the Solicitor of the Treasury;
yet he has duties to perform relating to all the
different Departments. He is really as much the
Solicitor of any of the other Departments as of
the Treasury Department. It being a legal office,
and he being subject, in his legal opinions, to the
Attorney General, it is deemed right and proper
to place him under the control of the Law De-
partment.
The next feature of the bill is, to give to each
one of the Departments an Auditor of its own.
Under existing laws this in not the case. Take
for illustration, the Interior Department; its
accounts are audited and settled by four different
Auditors'offices. Experience in the Post Office
Department has shown the great facilities^ and
advantages accruingto thepublic service by giving
to each Department its own Auditor. To this pro-
vision, I believe, there is no objection. 1 am con-
fident there is no Senator on this floor, who has
occupied a position in any Cabinet, who will not
indorse the propriety and necessity of this ar-
rangement. Upon that subject I beg leave to call
the attention of the Senate to an amendment
which will be proposed by my friend from Mary-
land, [Mr. Pearce,] to which I have no objec-
tion—in fact, I approve of the amendment sug-
gested by him. Itisonly to alter the phraseology
of the bill. The Committee on Retrenchment
used, as they supposed, proper and appropriate
language in assigning to the different Auditors the
duties to be performed by them. The Senator
from Maryland, however, has looked into the
original acts on the subject, and will offer an
amendment conforming the phraseology of the
bill to the language which has been used hereto-
fore in reference to these duties, and which has
received its construction from the Departments.
I think it a good suggestion, and I approve en-
tirely of the amendment which he will propose.
The last amendment, one which I have myself
proposed, is simply to have the Assistant Secre-
tary of the Treasury appointed by the President,
| by and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
This provision is to take effect from and after the
4th of March. Every officer of the same grade,
as far as I know, is thus appointed, with that
exception. How that happens to be an exception,
unless it is an oversight, I do not know. Cer-
tainly that officer ought to be appointed as all
other officers of the same grade and character are
appointed. If the Senate should differ from me
in regard to every other feature of the bill, I hope
they will concur with me in this provision, and
pas« it.
The whole object of the bill is simply to har-
monize the business of the different Departments,
and facilitate the transaction of the public busi-
ness. During the inclement weather which we
now have, the Senate will appreciate tho incon-
venience of the clerks having to travel miles to
four or five different Departments to have their
little accounts audited. Every one will certainly
see the propriety of the proposed bill.
I have an amendment to the first section of the
bill which was introduced some time since. It
now reads, in the third line of the first section,
" that from anil after the passage of this act,"&c.
I move to strike out the words " passage of this
act," and insert " the 4th of March next," and
then the other amendments will be proposed by
my friend from Maryland.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I desire to amend this bill,
as suggested by the Senator from Mississippi. I
have no objection to the fourth section, the object
of winch is to transfer certain accounts to Audit-
ors not now charged with their consideration. At
present, as I understand, some of the Army ac-
counts, for example, are divided into items, and
it is necessary to send one account to two or three
different officers for adjustment—one portion of
the account being, as the law at present stands,
j under the supervision of one Auditor, and another
portion under the supervision of a different Aud-
itor. I believe it is desired at the Departments
that an Auditor shall be assigned to each Depart-
ment. That is the object of the fourth section.
The purpose of my amendment to that section is
simply to adopt the language which has hereto-
fore been used in thp laws regulating the duties
of the different Auditors. I think it is important
to adhere to the old language, becausc we under-
stand its meaning and know the construction
heretofore given to it. We do not know what
construction may be given to the new language
employed in the bill as it stands. For that reason,
I propose this amendment as a substitute for the
fourth section:
That as soon as may he practicable, after tho passage of
thia. act, it shall be the duty or' the First Auditor to receive
all aouunnN accruing m the Treasury Depauinent, of what-
soever nature or description, ami after examination to cer-
tify the balance and transmit the accounts, with the vouch-
ers and certificate, to the First Coniptiollerfoi his decision
thereon; that it shall be the duty oHhe Second Auditor to
receive all accounts, of whatsoever nature or description,
i accruing m Uie Department of the Interior, (except the
account of the General Land Office and Patent Office, which
shall be settled as at present,) and after examination to cer-
tify the balance and transmit the accounts, with the vouch-
ers and certificate, to the Second Comptroller for his decision
thereon; that it shall be the duty of the Third Auditor to
receive all accounts, of whatsoever nature and description,
accruing in the Department of War, and after examination
to certify the balance and transmit the accounts, with the
vouchers and ccitificate, to the Second Comptroller for his
decision thereon; that it shall be the duty of the Fourth
Auditor to receive all accounts, of whatsoever nature or
description, accruing m the Department of the Navy, and
after examination to certify the same and transmit the ac-
counts, with the vouchers and certificate, to the Second
Comptroller for his decision thereon; and it shall be the duty
of the Fifth Auditor to receive all accounts, of whatsoever
nature and description, accruing in the Departments of State
and Law, and after examination to certify the balance and
transmit the accounts, with the vouchers and certificate,
to the First Comptroller for his decision thereon. And the
Auditor of the Post Office Department shall hereafter be
called the Sixth Auditor, whose duty it shall be to receive
and adjust all accounts as at present provided by law. And
the Secretaiy of the Treasury shall direct the transfer of all
books and accounts relating to the business, and such clerks
employed therein as will give properforce and effect to this
act.
The amendment was agreed to. *
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will now come up on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Adams,] to add the
following as a new section:
Sec. 5. .tfnrf be it further enacted, That the Assistant Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall be appointed by the President,
by and with the consent of the Senate, and that this act
shall take effect, and be in force, from and after the 4th of
March next, and that all law* inconsistent with this act be,
and the same are hereby, repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole were concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is, " Shall the biil be engrossed, and read a third
time ?"
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, on that
question I wish to say that I think it is a little
questionable whether we ought, without more
consideration, and a more particular examination
of this bill, to undertake so far to change the
administration of the Government as to create
this new Department. I should not venture to
speak of my experience as any standard on the
subject, if one greatly better qualified had net long
ago made the remark, that there was no man in
the United States capable of discharging prop-
erly, and with due consideration, the duties of
Attorney General. So Mr. Wirt said-twenty-
years ago; he said that no human intellect was
capable of doing it. Now, sir, although I think
there has not been a proportionate advance in the
human intellect since that day, we are for crowd-
ing on that officer various other laborious and'
important duties, requiring personal attention. I
do not know how, consistently with the proper
discharge of all these new duties, he can perform
that most important part of all his duties—giving
opinions upon all legal questions that may arise
in the transaction of the business of the various
Departments of the Government. 1 think we are
about to make an experiment not without some
hazard.
Again, sir, if it is found best to transfer addi-
tional duties to that office, the President of the
United States is perfectly competent to do it. The
duties now proposed to be transferred to the
Attorney General are, by the law as it exists,
exercised by the Secretary of the Interior. The
President may give to the Attorney General, if
he chooses, the consideration and administration
of any of these matters appertaining to the legal
business of the Government. I know that was
the opinion of a former President of the United
States, and I do not know that there is any
ground to question it. As the expedition of the
public business or the good of the public service
may require it to be done, it is now competent to
make the additional duties devolve on that officer;
but I doubt the propriety of our attempting, by
this bill, to create a new Department.
However, sir, although I entertain these doubts,
I am not prepared to make any proposition of
amendment. I doubt exceedingly the propriety
of the bill, except as relates to the fourth section.
The fourth section is an important element of the
bill—that each Department shall have an account-
ing officer, with whose affairs he will have famil-
iarity, and he will dispatch the business with
greater facility than is now done when one officer
has to interfere with the accounts of three or four
