1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
547
large and equally responsible with those of any
agents who receive $1,500. The committee deem
it, therefore, only justice to them to fix their sal-
aries at the same rate as that allowed to other
agents, there being no difference in the amount
of service which they lender. It is recommended
by the Department.
The amendment was adopted.
The next amendment of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs was to insert as a new section:
Sec. 4. JJnd be it further enacted) That the President
cause to be surveyed the tract of country in Kansas Teni-
tory, assigned to "the New York Indians by the treaty of
Buffalo Creek, January 13, l&te. and cau^e to he allotted,
in severalty, to Mich Indian* as omigmted and settled there-
on, undei the provisions and within the timo piescribed bv
said treaty,the quantity of land to which they aie respect-
ively entitled, to include theii improvements; ui;d theiesi-
due of said tradt of country is hereby constituted a part of
the public domain, and subject to tins existing laws for the
preemption or  ale thereof.
Mr. HUNTER. I will only say, in regard to
this, and a series of amendments to be offered
afterwards, that they seem to me to be just, and
some of them eminently proper and necessary.
The only objection to be raised is, that this is
legislation on appropriation bills, in reference to
which there has been a bitter contest between the
two Houses. Some of this legislation is so ne-
cessary that I am not disposed to say anything
further than this: that if the House of Repre-
sentatives should object to its being put on an
appropriation bill, I should feel bound to take it
off; if not, and both Houses agree, it can go on.
I believe myself that some of the legislation pio-
posed by the Indian Committee is very proper
and necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs was to add as a new section:
Bi:c. 5. find he it fuithcr ciuirtci, That the l'rc-'Ul^uf
may. in h:< di<eieiion. ;ul|ii-t, by convention or othei wise,
any njrht or chum of said Indian- to -aid coins) iy, fot which
puipOoC theie is heieln appropriated the sum ot $'1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert as an additional section:
Six. 6. Jind be it further enacted, That m lieu of the pro-
visions lor the cxeicisc ot the duties of supenniendenu of
Indian aflans in the Tomtories of Oregon, Waslnnuton,
Utah, and New Mexico,now provided by law, the Pies-- |
ident be, and is hereby,authorized to appoint, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, one .-upcmiu mlcnt
of Indian affairs for the Territories of Wa-huigton and
Oregon, at the annual salary of dollars: one super-
intendent of Indian atlhiis for the Territory of New Mexico,
and one for the Teiufoiy of Utah, each at the annual sabiy
of dollais; and that fiom and alter such separation
of the duties of said oflico-, the Governor of Wa^nnyton
fchall reccive the L'ame salaiy a.-? that paid to the Governor
of Oregon ; and the Governor* of Utah and New Mexico
shall each leeeive the salary of .$-2,501).
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The effect of the amend-
ment is simply to separate the suporintcndency of
Indian affairs from the executive office in the Ter-
ritories of Washington, Utah, and New Mexico,
these being the only three Territories of the
United States now in which the Governor is, by
virtue of his office, constituted superintendent of
Indian affairs. In all the other Territories of the
United States there are separate Governors and
separate superintendents. I shall nof-enfer info
any general explanation or advocacy of the prin- ij
ciples involved in this amendment. I think that !|
since the time the Senate had the subject last under jj
consideration, events have occurred which ought i'
to remove the least shadow of doubt as to the j
propriety of effecting this separation. I think i
the necessity of the case eminently requires it in '
the Territories of Washington, Utah, and New !
Mexico. ];
We have two widely variant systems of admin-
istration of Indian affairs prevailing in our differ-
ent Territories. In Minnesota, m Kansas, and
in Nebraska, the administration of Indian affairs
is confided to an officer whose duties arc entirely ;
of one kind, and confined alone to the Indian I
business. In other Territories a different system !
prevails; and to the Governor of the Territory, !
m addition to his duties as Executive, is confided :
the administration of Indian affairs. These duties
are so widely different in their kind, so separate
in their character, and in the motives of action 1
which they may furnish to the Governor, and ;
impel him m such opposite directions, that I think ;
it is an anomaly m our legislation that ought;
not to be longer tolerated. One of two things is
evident, either the one system or the other is just,
and its opposite must be absurd and preposterous.
That winch confides these different classes of
duUes*to separate officers is the oldest, has been
the longest recognized in practice, has been
attended with least difficulties, and is most emi-
nently designed to carry out the object of the
law-makers in the separation of these trusts.
The other, which the committee condemn by this
amendment, has been fruitful of disastrous con-
sequences, too frequently recurring to leave any
doubt as to the cause from which the .evils
originate.
The general discussion, Mr. President, which
has arisen in reference to this subject, I think 1ms
satisfied the mind of the Senate that the separation
ought to occur. Indeed, in reference to the gov-
ernorship of Washington, it seems to be an un-
derstood matter with the Senate already that the
separation is to occur. But. whatever may he the
magnitude of the evils which have arisen, or the
causes of greater import which require the sepa-
ration in that Territory, there can be nothing more
said m reference to the others than that, practi-
cally, they do not obtain there to the same extent
and with as great force; but they are of the same
charactcr, and the reasons are equally satisfac-
tory.
With these remarks, I submit the question for
the consideration of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall sustain the policy rec-
ommended by the Committee on Indian Affairs
very cordially, but I rise to ask whether we may
not dispense with one of these supenntemloncies ?
1 thought the design v. as to have but one for Utah
and JSYw Mexico boUi. This creates a Miperin-
tendency in each.
Air. SEBASTIAN. It amalgamates Otegon
and Washington; hui Ul ih and New Mexico are
so large that ii separab s them. The amendment
purposely avoids the amalgamation of the super-
nuendencies of Utah and Mew Mexico. Any one
who is familiar with the geography of that court-
try knows that they are separated very much by
a great natural boundary? and more still by the
character of the Indians over which the superin-
tendents preside there. That being taken into
consideration, with the almost utter want of
means of communication between those Teirito-
ries, the cgmmittee have thought it proper to allow
to each of these Territories a superintendent.
These Territories ore very large. In Oregon and
in Washington Territoues the ease is entirely
different. There the tribes so interlock, one with ;
the other, acnn.s the geogiaphicul line that sepa- j
rates the two Teiritories, that it is utterly impos- j
sible that the affairs of the different tubes can ho j
administered properly by any but one aiul the I
same person. :
Before the question is put, I move to fill the ;
first blank with $9,500. That will allow the j
superintendent of Oregon and Washington the, \
same amount that the Oregon supeiintendent now 1
receives. .
Mr. HUNTER. I do not know that the super-
intendentin Oregon and Washington ought to get '
more than the superintendent in St. Louis, who '
receives £>2,000. I think that would be enough, j
The rate of living is decreasing on the Pacific. :
Prices of beef and provisions, according to some !
of those estimates, do not seem to be much be- ;
yond what they an- on this side. 1
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The superintendent of
Indian affairs for Oregon now lecives an annual
salary of $2,500; and v.*hen we add at least one (
hundred per ccnt. to the extent of his Territory, j
I suppose his responsibilities are not decreased,
nor his duties rendered less arduous. The com-
mittee concluded to give precisely the same sal-
ary for the superintendent of Indian affairs in ■
both Territories, as the superintendent in Oregon
now gets for one. That is only §500 more than ,
wo allow to those superintendents within reach ;
of the white settlements hero. 1
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If the blanks are filled
according to the intentions of the Committee on
Indian Affairs,! think the amendment will increase
some $5,000 the expense to the Government. Am .
I right?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I object to the whole
of this. I object to it as inappropriate to the bill ,
to which it is offered as an amendment. Tins is
a bill for making appropriations. By your rule, 1
everything is excluded from it but v/hat is of a
character perfectly cognate to that object." The
gcmlemanfrom Arkansas proposes by thifeamTend*
ment the creation of offices, and the appointment
of officers to them, with salaries to be affixed. Is
that a proper part of an appropriation bill? Can
I propose that the salary of the Attorney General,
of any other officer W the Cabinet, or of a land
officer, shall be increased, and* offer an amend-
ment of that kind to this bill? We have a ri^t
to consider such subjects separately, and to decide
them on our opinions of their distinct merits,
without putting at hazard the appropriation bills
by the introduction of matters entirely extraneous
to all their legitimate purposes. ,I object to this
proposition on that ground; but anywhere, in any
form, in any bill, I object to it.
The honorable Senator from Arkansas thinks
there is an intrinsic impropriety in vesting in
the same public officer duties so inconsistent and
various as those of Governor of a Territory and
superintendent of Indian affairs in that Territory.
Now, sir, I do not see the inconsistency which he
imagines. On the contrary, I see the most legit-
imate connection and identity in the duties. Here
arc the white man arid the red man settled within
the same Territory. To keep order, to preserve
relations of peace among them, is one of th6 du-
ties of the Governor. In my opinion, this meas-
ure proposes a separation of the duties proper to
one hand, and that proper hand is the hand of the
Governor of the Territory, who is charged with
in peace and nil its subordinate interests. He
ought to know all the relations of the people there,
and he being at ihe head of the territorial govern-
ments the proper and paternal source from which
all nuthonty ought to be exercised and all wisdom
applied to the relations between the Indian and
white man. It was a bad time for the country
when that system* was departed from. Territorial
Governors, 1 believe without exception, formerly
wureciiaiged with the transaction of Indian affairs.
General Cass, as Governor of Michigan, was so;
Governor Edwards, as Governor of Illinois, was
so; Governur Pope, a« Governor of Arkansas,
was so—all were superintendents of Indian affairs.
I see a great disadvantage to the general public
interest in .separating this office from that of the
Governor. It is part of his duty. You have to
exercise it all, sir, and why notappointsome gen-
eial supermtetidency besides your own over this
subject.'' Why leave it in Congress? Why leave
it in the President? Their political duties are
much more varied and extensive than those of a
Territorial Governor; yet they of necessity exer-
cise this supreme control at last.
Ii is perfectly proper, it is absolutely right in
itself, that the Governor of a Territory should
superintend Indian affairs. He has ample time
for it. There is but little business to be done by
the Territorial Legislature. There is but little
business except ibis for the Territorial Governor
to do. r I is duties are light; and among the most
inipoi tant of them is that of attending to Indian
affairs, and the Indians within his borders. The
more we employ such high officers, the better it
will be for them. We trust, in these Indian mat-
ters, too much to subalterns. The Governor is
regarded by the Indians as a high source of au-
thority. %xercised by him, they will rexpectand
regard it, when they would not perhaps regard it
if exercised by another. *
This proposition is carrying us a step fuither to
inciea^e the Indian expenses, already enormous.
They have accumulated in this way upon^us.
Every change, every alteration, every amendment
made, in some way or other, has operated to
accumulate these enormous expenses upon the
Government. This, you may say, is a small
affair. So it is; and so is all this great mass of
expenditure made up of small affairs. You have
brought in one little tiling, and another little thing,
and you have heaped them together until-now
they have become almost frightful in the aggre-
gate.
1 am opposed to this course because I think the
contraiy is the better policy. I am opposed to it
because of the increase of expense to the Govern-
ment. 1 am opposed to it because I think uie
creation of offices, and providing for the appoint-
ment of officers in an appropriation bill, is entire-
ly inappropriate, and contrary to the rule of the
Senate. If private claims are excluded, alt other
topics of legislation should be excluded, and made
