548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 2,
the subjects of separate bills, We cannot, on an !
appropriation bill, occupy the time necessary to [
understand these subjects. I do not want offices j
multiplied in the management of our Indian j
affairs. I do not want them subdivided. If we j
ate to go on the idea suggested by the Senator 1
from Arkansas, that the best way to have the
public business most perfectly performed is to
divide off and havean officer for every little thing,
th#e will be no end to the multiplication of
offices. Division of labor, I am told, has a great
operation in advancing its performance; but I do
Jiot know that a division of labor in the public
offices and their iudefimte multiplication would
be of much advantage to the public. I hope the
amendment will be rejected.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 shall not attempt to
answer the remarks of the Senator from Kentucky
directed to the question of the propriety of these
legislative amendments on a money bill. I think
it has been determined heretofore that the rule is
not absolutely arbitrary, and like the laws of the
Medes and Persians irrepoalable, but is one that
always addresses itself to (lie sound discretion of
the body whose action it is supposed to govern.
But, sir, if there be any doubt as to the general
principle, I can only say that in reference to legis-
lation controlling and directing the administration
of Indian a (Fairs, ever since at least I have been
connected with the discharge of the duties relating
to that subject in this body, there has been no
legislation with regard to Indian matters that has
not been put on the Indian appropriation bills. It
has become so usual, so customary, so invariably
The practice here, that I might claim it at least to
be, by the general acquiescence of the body, an
exception to the general rule, if the general rule
he as the Senator from Kentucky argues it to be.
The Senator from Virginia said, and well said,
that some of these matters of legislation are so
imperiously required by the public interests, that
if the propriety of their being put on this bill is
only questioned by matters of scruples about jno-
prii'ty, those scrupled ought to be waived in this
case.
The Senator from Kentucky goes further, and
uof only quesiions ihe propriety <>f such amend-
ments in this hill, or any money bill, but he suums
to question the soundness of the policy which is
involved in this amendment. Mr. President, all
experience has taught us, that whenever the ad-
ministration of Indian ailairs and the executive
duties are intrusted to one and the same person,
the very unity of these discordant duties in one
person defeats entnely the whole object of con-
fiding the administration of Fudmn alhurs to the
Governor. The Governor, it is found, is always
in favor of the interest which is supposed to lie
repicsented and shared in by the white inhabit-
ants of the Territory. That interest is one which
is every way hostile to suiFeriofl; the, Indian inhab-
itants of the Territory to remain in the country
■which has been allotted to them by treaties; and
the whole of the mischiefs which have resulted
from our Indian outbreaks have been in conse-
quence of that authority being confened on the
.Executive, instead of being intrusted to the aepa-
vote administration of a superintendent of Indian
affairs. In nny conflict that arises between the
white and Indian settleis, it requn es no4prophetic
spirit to say who are to be the victims, and who
are to triumph. In that kind of contest you will
iind (hat the white man, possessed of physical
power, utters a voice which will be heard by the
jhXi^UiUve of the Territory, and will always over-
j 'ilo win i e there is any clash oi ounihet of interest
iietwc-n his ambitious clnim-?, his wishes for ag-
iiija}j'ii7',!ii'.iit, or his avarice for the Indian lands,
on tin- one side-, and the rights, humble as they
may bes of (he Indian* on the other. Mat when
these separate duties are confided to separate and
distinct t :a*ses of offieets,the superintendent of
Indian otkurs, although not altogether exempt
from those motives which might act on the Gov-
ernor, yet from a kind of habit falls into the ob-
sei\tuiee of the Indian lights to an extent which
Governors never foel and never evince.
i might go into a detail of eireuinstances, but
I will not trouble the Senate wiiii them, i expect
turit members ot ihe Senate know themselves
familiarly too many instances to require uny fur-
ther allusion to them except in this general man-
rer. I shall therefore submit the quest ion without
further remark.
The motion to fill the first blank with $2,500 !
was agreed to. i
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is an- i
other blank in the amendment.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move to fill that with
$2,000, the same salary now allowed to the other
superintendents east of the mountains.
The motion was agreed to,
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I move to
amend the amendment by adding the following
words:
The superintendents of Indian affairs in the Teiritories
of Oregon, Washington, Utah, and New Mexico aUa.ll nego-
tiate no ticatiea wuh any Indian tribes within said Terri-
tnue* mi leas inducted thereto by the President of the
United tfute-,.
When this bill was under consideration the
other day, several Senators of largo experience
informed the Senate that our difficulties with the
Indians grew out of the treaties which our super-
intendents, agents, and Governors in those Ter-
ritories were m the habit of making, and the
Senate readily confirming. The Senator from
Virginia made that suggestion, and so did the
distinguished Senators from Kentucky and Ten-
nessee.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems that I did some injus-
j tice to the superintendents m supposing they
I negotiated treaties without instructions. 1 have
been informed at the Department that they have
j not done that, though I still think the policy
of negotiating so many treaties has been mis-
chievous.
Mr. WILSON. I understood the other day,
that it way complained of all around the Senate
Chamber that one of our greatest difficulties with
these Indian tribes, by which great wrongs were
perpetrated on them, grew out of the negotiations
of tieaties by persons sent into the Indian country.
I have not that experience upon Indian affairs
which entitles me to speak here so as to have
any influence on others; but if this be the case—
if. Senators are correct in the opinions they have
avowed hen- on the floor of the Senate, I think,
when we aro about to make four superintendents
of Indian affairs over these four large Territories,
embracing several hundred thousand Indians
over eight hundred thousand square miles, we
ought to deny to them the authority to make any
treaties, unless they are specially instructed to do
so by the Chief Magistrate of the United States.
Let the responsibility be placed in the hands of
the President, and let superintendents of Indian
aftairs in these Territories understand that they
can negotiate no treaties with the Indians, that
they can drive no hard bargains with the Indian
tribes, that they can secure no cessions of land
for the gratification of themselves, their friends,
or the people of the Territories, unless they are
authorized and directed so to do by the President
of the United States. To correct the abuses which
have been referred to by several Senators I have
moved this amendment. Other Senators who are
familiar with Indian uitairs, who have addressed
the Senate on this subject, can judge better of the
propriety of its adoption than 1 can; but if the
statements they have made are correct, I think
the amendment ought to he adopted by the Senate.
Mr. WELLEU. I agree with the Senator from
Massachusetts that an amendment of this sort
ought to be adopted. A great many of the dis-
turbances in the Indian country have grown out
of the fact, that Indian agents have made treaties
with the Indians, submitted those treaties to the
Government, and they have been rejected by the
Senate. It is a very difficult matter to explain to
the Lndiati why the contract which has been en-
tered into between him and the Government of
the United States has not been carried out. He
says at once that the agent is a liar, and has told
him a lie. We had in the State of California
sixteen Indian treaties made by agents dispatched
to that country without any instructions from the
Government. Thev incurred an expense of seven
or eight hundied thousand dollars. They pro-
ceeded to place the Indians on reservations, and to
distribute cattle among them. Every one of the
treaties was rejected by the Senate The Indians
were driven off the reservations; they lost all con-
fidence in the repiesentatious of white men, and
said we were all liars, and would not stand by
our bargains". It is very difficult to explain to
the Indians that before a treaty can be binding
on the Government, it must he ratified by the
Senate. Therefore, I think we should carefully
guard against making any treaties or promises
to the Indians that we do not intend to fulfill.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Many who approve of
the amendment offered by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will be compelled to vote against it,
because of their opposition to tho original amend-
ment. It might be adopted as a separate and dis-
tinct section, instead of being made an addition
to an obnoxious amendment. That does not af-
ford a fair opportunity to the Senate to vote upon
it. I shall not vote for it now. If the amend-
ment of the Senator from Arkansas be adopted,
I want this amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts attached to it; but I must vote against
the whole.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. RUSK. I have an amendment to offer
from the Committee on Indian Affairs:
Foi payment in full of the claims of W. Y Hansel!, W.
!i 11. Underwood, and the repicsentatives of Samuel Rock-
11 well, ,§30,000, being the balauce of the sum of <560,000 re-
'' served in the treaty between the United States and the
Oheiokeo nation—negotiated on the 29th of December,
1835—for the payment of the said claims, and misapplied
by the commissioners or' the United States to the payment
of oilier elaims—the said sum to be distributed vu the fol
lownicf marines:
To VV. Y. llansell, #11,146.
To YV. H. Underwood, $9,035.
To ihe leua! icprosontativos of Samuel Rockwell, $10,144.
Mr. HUNTER. Those, I understand, are
private chums, and, according to the rule, cannot
be inserted in appropriation bills. I should like
to hear from the Senator from Texas why they
are proposed to be inserted here.
Mr. RTJkSK. The claim arises under the pro-
visions of the treaty of 1835, with the Cherokee
Indians. The tenth article of that treaty pro-
vides: " The United States also agree and stipulate
to pay tho just debts against the Cherokee nation
held by the citizens of the same; and also, the
just claims of citizens of the United States for
services rendered to the nation: and the sum of
$60,000 is appropriated for this purpose. No
claims against individual persons of the nation
shall be allowed and paid out of tho sum of
jj300,000 hereby set apart to liquidate just claims
against the Cherokees, for spoliations of every
kind that have not been already satisfied under
former treaties." Sixty thousand dollars were
set apart in this treaty for the purpose of paying
the claims of those who had rendered services to
the Cherokee nation. The instructions from the
Department here to Mr. Schermerhorn, the com-
missioner who negotiated the treaty, and the
statements of the commissioner himself, clearly
show that the $60,000 were set apart for the pur-
pose of paying these three gentlemen for legal
services which they had performed. The ac-
counting officers of the Treasury, however, placed
a different construction on the matter, and paid a
large proportion of the $00,000 to other persons,
and some of it to Indians. The language of the
treaty is clear. These three individuals were not
named in it; but,as I have already observed, from
the instructions to the commissioner, it is very
clear that the intention was to cover their claim."
The $60,000 have been exhausted in the pay-
ment of other claims. The list which I have from
the Indian department shows that a part of the
money was actually paid to Indians.
I happened to be familiar with the services of
these gentlemen at the time they were rendered.
The Senate will remember that the State of Geor-
jj gia extended her laws over the Cherokee nation,
j1 and subjected the Indians to her criminal and civil
' jurisdiction. Shortly after doing that Georgia
|; proceeded to pass a law for sectionizing and dis-
posing of the territory of the Indians. The Cher-
<< okee nation applied to Mr. Underwood first, and
ii to Mr. Rockwell and-Mr. Hansell afterwards,
!t lawyers of eminence in that section of the coun-
;! try. The excitement against the Indians ran
!j very high. Tho artxiety to get possession of their
!; lands was enhanced by the finding of gold on
ii them. It was a bold and hazardous undertaking
jj for any one to stand forward in defense of the
;; Indians against the state of public opinion which
then existed. These men stood up in defense of
ii the rights of the Indians. The consequence was
!i that public prejudice was greatly excited against
V, them, and they lost their practice. They wore
leading lawyers of large practice, most of which
