1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
&49
they lost in consequence. They carried up the
cases to the Supreme Court of the United States,
and attended to them there for years. From my
knowledge of the services which they rendered
to the Cherokee nation, I am satisfied that the
sum of $60,000, which is stipulated in the treaty,
was a moderate sum for the services they per-
formed.
£ will state another fact in this connection. At
the time the treaty of 1835 was formed, General
Jackson, who was then President, directed Mr.
Schermerhorn to assure those gentlemen that
they should be provided for, and to request thorn
to aid in obtaining the treaty from the Chcrokees.
The testimony shows that they did so, and from
my knowledge of their position, I am satisfied
that this was a delicate task. I believe that if
they had been so disposed they could have prob-
ably defeated the treaty of 1835; bu t they induced
the Indians to accept it. They then made their
claim under the provisions of the treaty for the
$60,000 reserved. It was resisted; a commission
was appointed, who disagreed, and broke up with-
out making an award. In the mean time, the
officers here went on to make an appropriation
of a portion of this fund to various other individ-
uals, leaving them, I believe, in the whole, about
thirty thousand dollars. The claim being still
urged, and none of the facts which I have stated
being denied, the War Department submitted to
men of very high standing in Georgia, the ques-
tion of the proper amount due to these gentlemen
for their services to the Cherokee nation. It was
Bubmitted to members of the legal profession,
most of wh6m I know; one of them is now a
Representative in the other branch of Congress, j
Judge Warner, a man of as high character as '
anybody. All, in fact, were men of high character j
and standing in their profession, as gentlemen of '
integrity and uprightness. They proceeded to
make an award, and determined that those gen-
tlemen were entitled to upwards of seventy thou-
sand dollars instead of the $60,000 named in the j
treaty. They reported that to be a moderate !
compensation for the services they had rendered
through a series of years. Those services wore
complicated; sometimes they were dangerous.
They we're in defense of missionaries, some of
whom were sent to the penitentiary—in defense
of Indians who were indicted for murder and for
other crimes—in defense of the claims of certain
Indians to the localities on which they lived.
Many of the claims came up to the Supreme
Court of the United States, and sdfac of these
gentlemen, or all of them, had to attend here at
very considerable expense. This commission,
therefoie, determined that a reasonable compen-
sation to Messrs, Underwood, Hansell, and
Ilockwell would entitle them to upwards of sev-
enty thousand dollars
Another commission was appointed consisting
of Mr. Washington and Mr. Mason, who fully
investigated tin; whole case, and determined that
they were entitled to the $60,000. The fund of
$60,000 had, however, been exhausted, and no
payment could be mad<;. The claim was then pre-
sented to Congress, and a report was made by Mr.
Berrien from the Judiciary Committee of this
body, which is on the table, and from which ju fact
I take this amendment, proposing the exact pro-
position which I have now presented. One of
those gentlemen is dead, and the amount will go
to his representatives. I believe the other two arc
in needy circumstances. The fact that they are
in need of the money would render the payment
of it to me more gratifying; but whatever may bo
their pecuniary circumstances, I am clearly satis- i
ft^d, trom all the facts in the case, and from my
knowledge of the services performed, that they
arc justly and rightly entitled to the sum which
the amendment proposes to pay them. The Sen-
ator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] is familiar with
all the facts of the case, and if any of them have
escaped my recollection, he will be able to supply
them. He was as familiar as I was, probably
m<5re familiar than I was with all the facts of the
case.
Mr. HUNTER. This seems not only to be
a private claim, but a private claim against the
Cherokee Indians—not against the United States.
The clause of the treaty to which the Senator
from Texas referred is one setting aside §60,000
" to pay the just debts and claims against the
Cherokee nation held by the citizens of the same,
and also to adjust the claims of citizens of the
United States for services rendered to the nation
If I understand the Senator from Texas, that
fund has been exhausted in the payment of claims
against the nation. This treaty evidently referred
to claims of Cherokecs as well as of other people.
Now, he proposes that the United States shall
pay this debt which is said to be due from the
Chcrokees to these lawyers whom they employed.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to inquire whether
the whole amount stipulated in the treaty to be
paid has been paid ?
Mr. HUNTER. I understand from the Sen-
ator from Texas that it has been paid.
Mr. RUSK. I insist that the language there
is to pay to citizens of the United States for ser-
vices rendered to the Cherokee nation, and t&ere
can be no other construction.
Mr. COLLAMER. Has the amount stipulated
been paid out?
Mr. RUSK. It has not been paid out for ser-
vices rendered to the Cherokee nation, but to other
individuals, some member of the nation—among
others, the president of the council.
Mr. HUNTER. The words of the treaty are:
(< The United States nl.-o agree and stipulate to pav the
just d^bih and claims against the Oheiokee nation held hj
the ntiTnvs o f the same. and aNo the jint claims of citizens
of the (hnteU Unites tor services rendered to the nation,
and the Mim ot &G0,U00 is appropriated tor thia purpose.'*
Now, according to the account given by the
Senator from Texas himself, the fund has'been
exhausted in the payment of claims against the
Cherokee nation, and that way the whole amount
of the obligation of the United States. If it had
not been exhausted, this is not the place to adju-
die.nie and wrttlo su< h claims. An appropriation
hill i.s not the place on which to do it. They
ought to be settled before the proper officers of
the Department, who could decide what remedy
they were entitled to, and then, if there were no
appropriation for it,they might come to Congress
for it; but as the ease now stands, it seems to me,
they have no better right to be paid at the Treas-
ury than any other claimant who could establish
a debt against the Cherokee nation. Certainly it
ought notto come out of the United StatesTreas-
ury,but out of whatever funds the Cherokecs may
have in the hands of the Government.
Mr. TOOM13S. I think neither of the objec-
tions of my friend from Virginia is maintainable,
in the first place, the amendment being a pro-
vision to catry out the treaty of 1835, this bill is
the appropiiate place for it. If it bo to carry out
the provisions of an Indian treaty, the Indian ap-
propriation bdl  is exactly the place for the amend-
ment. Such was the opinion of the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and for that reason they recom-
mended it.
In the second place, the Senator says the money
has been appropriated. That is not a coirect
answer. It is admitted that the money has been
appropriated, but it has b< en misused by the Gov-
ernment. 3t has boon paid out to persons not
entitled, instead of to persons who were entitled to
it, and therefore the Government is notdiscftarged
from its liability. We have paid millions on mil-
lions within the last eight or ten years to Indians
and others, on account of a misapplication by our-
selves. it seems nearly all this fund has been
paid out by the officers to a portion of the Indians
themselves. On an examination of the question,
the honorable Senator from Texas gave a very
full and clear account of it. Many of the fads
were witlun mv personal knowledge, and there-
fore I did not choose to report this amendment,
though 1 am a member of the committee; but,on
looking into it, there is no doubt in regard to it.
The value of these' services has been settled be-
yond all question. If the Government has thought
proper to take this fund of $60,000 and give it to
others than those entitled to it, that does not dis-
charge the Government from the obligation of
carrying out the provisions of the treaty. It is
on tfmt point the claim stands.
I think the Senatoi from Virginia is fully an-
swered unless he attempts to show that the money
has been appropriated according to this article of
the treaty. The Committee on Indian Affairs vsay
it has not been so appropriated, but has been mis-
applied. It was intended for these people mainly,
and the Government has appropriated it to pur-
poses to which it ought not legitimately to have
gone; and therefore it still owes it. If the Gov*
ernment agreed to pay $60,000 to one class of
creditors, and paid it to another, the Government
is not ^discharged, from the obligation to pay it.
That is the opinion of the committal There-
fore neither on the point of order nor on the,poirU
of fact is the Senator from Virginia correct, un-
less he can show that this money is not due and
that it ought not td be charged against this fund.
Mr. HUNTER. This fund has been appro-
priated by the proper officers of the Government
for claims which, in their opinion, came legiti-
mately within this treaty. They appropriatefthe
$>60,000 to the payment of such claims as tney
thought came within it. It scema to me, if Jan-,
guage can express anything, this clause does
declare the fact that the money shall be appro-
priated as well to pay the claim of Ch&okeest
themselves against the nation, as to satisfy claims
of citizens of the United States against the na-
tion. What does it say?
"The United States also agree and stipulate to pay the
just debts and chums agauiht. the Cherokee nation hrM by
(he citizens oj the tonne, and also the just claims of cltix'-n*
ot the United .States foi seivicob rendered to the nauon,
and the sum of §(50,000 is appropriated for this purpo&vi.'*
Under this, the proper accounting officers of
the United States have exhausted the fund, and
exhausted it upon those claims which came legit-
imately, in their opinion, within this treaty. I
have seen nothing to establish the incorrectness
of their decision. The only ground Uiave heard
alleged is, that the treaty devoted the money spe-
cifically to these claimants. The words of the
clause ahow that it did not, but was as much ap-
plicable to the. claims of citizens of the Cherokee
nation against the nation, as to claims of citizens
of the United Slate,*.
1 say, then, that this yum having been exhaust-
ed, the whole liability which was imposed on us
by the treaty has been discharged ; and if it should
tutn out that theie were other claim;-* on the na-
tion amounting to more than $>(>0,000, we were
not bound to pay more than that sum. That has
been paid, as i understand; and as 1 have heard
nothing that can justly impugn the correctness
of the decision of the accounting officers, I am
bound to abide by it until I do hear something
that shall upset it.
Mr. RUSK. There is a difference between the
Senator from Virgin ia and myself as to the proper
construction of the treaty, which provides:" the
United States also agree and stipulate to pay the
just debts and claims against the Cherokee na-
tion held by citizens of the same"—that is one
distinct agreement; u and also the just claims of
citizens of the United States for* services ren-
dered to the nation." That is a distinct item for
which the sum of $60,000 is appropriated. The
report of Mr. Berrien, made to the Senate in 1850,
states the case so briefly, and in such clear terms,
that I will read it:
"The memorialists were the counsel of the Cherokee
nation, attending for the space of three, yeuib to a gieat
multitude ot ea^es 111 di(l«'ient eucuitr ol the State 01 (iooi •
•na; that they weie ^oln-ited by the coimnis.Monoi who nc
"oltated the tieaty ot' to :iul m the negotiation, with
the as-mance Unit their claims should be provided for in
the said tieaty; that these assurances were eiveu by the
eonmnhMonej, Mi. Sohuimeihorn, ami the then President
of the Untied State-, General Jackson; and the sum 01'
$(>f),l)00 wa< stipulated ui the treaty to he applicable to their
claims alone. Thh fdet ib acknowledged by the commis-
sioner, and the fact that the treat} could not have been in-
tromited without the aid of the memorialists is also stated
by "Mr, Schermerhorn, the eommwMonei, who negotiated
the treaty. The claim0 of the memorialist were presented
to ihe commissioners appointed to carry the treaty into et-
| feet, and were by them relerred to ;i committee ot Indians,
I appointed undei the twelfth aitiele ol the treaty,for the pur
! po-e-s therein <-pecitied, wh<  mud'* a leport allowing $23,000
1 tor three ycar^' semee of three gentlemen of high prov-
isional standing. Against this report the memorialists pro-
j tested; but it win finally agreed that this sum should be
received as an advance, the eomimsMoneis expressly reserv-
ing to them^clve.s the right to leview the case and do what
jUhtiee mmhl requite.
u Subsequent commissioner were appointed, who fh$-
ajrreed in opinion upon the claim ; and ultimately, oq the
suggestion ot the Seeietary of War, the commu^tOm r*
ref'etred the account to seven profession&I gentlemen of
Georsm, with power to any three to act, five of whom
j united in an awmd, which was laid botbre the coimm^
1 sionei-. In the mean tune, the commissioners had diverted
! a poition of the fund reserved for the payment ot }Jj*'-e
! claims 10 others, leaving only some eight thousand dollars
i of thai hind unexpended, which sum the last board ot com-
i m.d-iouer*. acting under the atvard, directed to be paid to
j the memorialists, it being the whole amount of the reserved
■ fund winch remained under their control.
" The memorialists now claim that the balance of that
fund which was created for their benefit alone, and which
has been applied by the commiMoncrj of the United States
