550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
to offier purposes, shall «>e paid to them. The committee
think they are entitled to receive if, and, referring for the
facts here stated to the nccompanyins papers, recommend
the adoption of the following amendment to the Indian
appmpnatitfJiJ^il."
The language of the treaty, in my judgment,
applies legally the §60,000 to the payment of citi-
s of the United States for services rendered to
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, It appears
that an appropriation was made to carry out the
provisions of the treaty that has been read, of
$60,000, to be paid to a certain class of persons.
It farther appears that that money has been paid
to those whom the disbursing officers considered
the Cherokee nation. There is eminent justice in I entitled to it, _ fhe Chair must therefore consider
this construction, a,d it is made manifett by the
fact that by the aid of these men the treaty of
1835 was negotiated; and that there was an assu-
raaa^ from the President and Mr. Schermerhorn,
who negotiated the treaty, that they should be
and were provided for by the $60,000. That con-
struction of the treaty is borpe out by the fact that
the live legal gentlemen, whose award I have here,
so considered it. They say:
"The undersigned, in compliance with your request, m
the submission of matters of accounts of Messrs. Han&ell,
Uockweil, and Underwood, against the Cherokee nation for
professional services rendered as counsel for the Indians,
have tile honor to report, that after a careful examination
* of the several item1? and charges in the accounts submitted,
and a comparison with chaiges by professional gentlemen
in the middle section of Georgia, and duo consideration
thereon, they are unanimously of opinion that Mr. Han=u:)] ]j
should receive the sum of $.24,588, Mr. Koekwell should ji
receive $22,920, and Mr. Undeiwood the -urn of $28,G9J, >'<
subject, however, to be diminished by the sums heietoioie ■;
paid to them respectively." ij
This award allows more than sixty thousand ,j
dollars. It seems to me clear, that, within the j
rule of the Senate, this amendment is for carry- ,j
ing out the provisions of the tenth article of the u
treaty of 1835 between the United States and the able agent,
Cherokee nation, if there was any doubt what- t\ Umiokeu I
plied with, and that the amendment as now pre
sented to the Senate is to provide for a private
claim,and is therefore not in order.
Mr. RUSK. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair; and on that! appeal I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
T£e PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate ?"
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 10; as follows:
j YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler, Butler,
Clay, OnttemJcn,Evans, Fish, Foot, Foster,Gcyer, Green,
! Hailan, Hunter. James, Pearee, Pugh, Slidell, Stuuit,
Wade, and Wright—:1'1.
\TA V^~Messrs. Adams, Houston, Johnson. Reid, Rusk,
Sebastian, Sovvuid, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, and
Wellei—10.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. REID. I have an additional amendment
to offer from the Committee on Indian Affairs:
SfrT, —. Jhul hv it juriher cnctclcd. That the Hocretaiy of
the Inf" ior he, and he i-  heieby, learned to appoint a t-iut-
osu duly it shall be to enmli 101 temovyl any
Indian le-idmgm the t3tute-> ■•■t^t of the IVIisms,-
over as to the construction of the treaty, then,
upon the merits of the claim, the United States, !
in my judgment, are equitably bound to pay these j
gentlemen. The United States were required by
Mppi tivei, who may wnh to 'cnioveand ioin the n in
or r-aid nvei, «uid icpoit n lift et the names boemolled to
the Secretly ofihr Tieasuty, whO'sC duty it snail be to
I'm m-h puch with the nece-sjry sum of monu> out of
the appiopuruiou mule hy an act of Confess of July 29,
]*18, and now held m uu.-t by the Cnited States ior that
their treaty Stipulations to protect the Chciokee | ptiipo^e, to enable -said a<:ent to i«_mov'e &aid Indians as
Indians in the enjoyment of their lands. JLho ;j supuiatei
State of Georgia extended her laws over them, !j
and proceeded to scctionizc and take possession !j
of and occupy their lands. The Government was |.
required to protcct the Indiana, but these ^cmle- |!
men were the only persons who eame forward
to defend them. In my judgment, the Onhed J
States would be clearly and emutably bound to
make this payment if thete had been no stipula- j
tion in the treaty in regard to it. The setvuvs
were rendered necessary by the neglect of the !;
United Suites to comply with their treaty slip- ij
ulations with the Cherokees. j'
Everybody lemembets the history of those,1
times in Georgia, I shall not repeat it. 1 was,,
there and was n part of it myself. The^e men jj
stood by tin- Indians with fidelity; and, according
to Mr. Schermerhorn^ statement,, the Umttd;'1
States could not have got clear of the difficuhy ,
and negotiated the treaty without their aid. Alt. .
Schermerhorn states that he was aiitluui/,cJ i;y
General Jackson to say to them that they should M
be paid for their services. Legal gentlemen have /
decided that their services would entitle them to ■
a considerably larger sum than $(>0,000. The '
fund reserved for their payment has been ex-
haustod. A. portion of the money has been paid,
not to citizens, but to Cherokee Indians. The ]
Cherokee committee, who were hete negotiating I
the treaty and getting the United States clear of ;!
tho difficulty in which I ho Government found 'j
itself by failing to comply with its former treaty j
stipulations, acknowledge the services and their,:
importance. When all these facts are apparent i
and manifest, U seems to me that the ju.j:h,e of '
this claim cannot be questioned. The .smviu-.-s ;
have been performed; there is no question abo-u ■
their value; they were peiformed for the benefit;'
of the Cherokee nation of Indians, because the
Government of the United States did not step !;
forwaui and perform its duly to the Indians, i
The United Slates negotiated a treaty settling the '
difficulty between Georgia and the Cherokees, ;■
and got clear of the trouble through the aid of
these rn"n, giving them an assurance that they \
should be paid for their services. A fund of '
$60,000 was set apart for then* payment; it has/
been exhausted, and the rhnms have not been ■
paid. This is the case, and I regard the claim as ;
just and meritorious, and the delay in its pay-
mcnt not very credmtbie io the Go*  eminent. >'
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands that this amendment i? obje-ted to
on the ground that it is to provide iV>r a private
claim.
upuiated for hy the eighth article of the Cherokee treaty of
Itjdo.
Mr. HUjNTHR. That seems to be an indefi-
nite amendment for the appointment of an agent
for the removal of Cherokees '-ast of the Missis-
sippi. What is to be his -alary ? What is the
object' I hopid we had bellied all matteis with
the iVorth Curohna Cherokee^-.
Mr. REID. The Inderal Government, under
treat}-, is bound to remove the Cherokee Indians.
A trust fund has been ensiled lor that purpose,
which is unexpended. There are Indians cast
of the Mississippi who are desirous of removing
to the West. The appropriation has heretofore
been made. It is heid in trust by the Federal
Government for the benefit of tile Cherokee Indi-
ans. The Gov* rnment has undertaken to remove
them whenever tlmy should desire to go. A por-
tion of the Indians have been suffered to remain
in -North Carolina and some of the other States,
it is uud they desire to :;o. This amendment
proposes that an agent shall be aopointnd to ascer-
tamthenumber.andto eiiii^nUethcin West. The
Indiansaie entitled to the money. That is already
stipulated by the tieaty, and the money has been
appropriated in the Treasury for the purpose.
Air. HUJN'TfclR. Does it come out of the Cher-
okee finid ?'
Mr. REID. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUNTER, Then I have nothing to say.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. REID. 1 have another amendment to
present from the Committee on Indian Affairs:
i-' i. —. .iniJ Ic it '\nihcr ■, ■ //VcJ, That one of the recond-
eltu-s eierkMnp-; in the Indian bureau *ha)i hereafter be
made a ti;;ru-ei-i--? chniMnn. to he designated by the <Jom-
im-. toner of } u'l'nn Atiair&.
^fr. IIUNTER. I hope we shall not go to
legislating for clerks in this hi 11. Itseems to me
| we hav" stretched our commission very far when
i we put oil other legislation which seemed to bo
1 necessary, and i trust the subject of clerks will
■ not be put on this bill. I hope the Senate will
vote down this amendment.
; Mr. REID. Tins amendment is offered upon
ronsuitaiioii with the Commissioner of Indian
| Affairs. There is a second-class clerk in his
■ department whose duties are of a very peculiar na-
ture.and eunnot be very easily divided or thrown
; on an5' other cioik. He has to perfoim duties,
1 not, it is true, of a very hi^li grade, but very
j onerous in ihur nature, because u is exceedingly
1 inconvenient to divide the duties and give a por-
■ tion to another clerk, The intention of the amend-
. men! is -amply to take a cK'rk in the Indian
bureau who now receives the pay of a second-
class clerkship, and make him a third-class clerk.
It will increase the compensation of the clerk
§200. It will not increase the number of clerks
at all, but simply makes a second-class a third-
class clerkship.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I offer the followingamend-
meiit, which was not exactly prepared when the
other amendments of the committee were sub-
mitted :
Sec.— . Jind be it fvrther enacted, That in settling the
accounts of'Thomas S. Heniey, as superintendent of Indian
affairs in California, the accounting officers of the Treasury
be, and they are hereby, authorized to allow him the amount
of $750, paid by him to Sanders k Benham for interest upon
money advanced by them on account of the Indian service
m California, on liis producing salisfactoiy vouchers for
this expenditure.
Mr. HUNTER. What is the ground of this
claim? Why was it not allowed at the Depart-
ment?
Mr. "WELLER. This claim has twice re-
ceived the sanction of the Senate, and failed last
year in a committee of conference. When Mr.
Henley was appointed superintendent of Indian
affairs for the State of California, he did not
! qualify until after his return to California. It
I took him a month to go there; it took another
j month for his bond to reach this city. In the
\ mean time the Department could not put him in
i funds. A state of things existed in the northern
i portion of California which would probably have
j resulted in war, if food had been kept from the
| Indians. Their acorns gave out, and they were
I m a starving condition. The superintendent had
! no funds; but on the representation of the dele-
I gation from California in each branch of Con-
I greas, he borrowed $5,000 to relieve the imme-
I diate and pressing wants of these Indians, and
l take them down to a reservation. As soon as the
Department put him in funds, of course the debt
was discharged. This item of {£750 is for the
interest which accrued in the mean time.
Mr. STUART. Whatwasthe rate of interest?
Mr. WELLER. 1 think two and a half or
three per cent, a month, which is the usual rate
there. The Department did not put the super-
intendent in funds for four months after the ap-
piopriation bill was passed. The appropriations
:j for that year were made in June, but no money
.was transmitted to the superintendent until the
! lust of October. The difficulty arose about the
middle of September, and on the representation
| of the delegation the superintendent borrowed the
! money and paid the interest for it.
! The amendment was adopted.
j Mr. SEBASTIAN, f offer another amend-
| ment; to insert at the end of the first section:
■ For payment of the viduf of property of Baker & Sncet
1 dfMroved su I8.J.3 by the Kioway Indians, to bo deducted
I from the annuities payable to the said Indians,$50.
| The amendment was adopted.
! The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole. Shall the question be
I' taken on all the amendments together, or on each
'! separatel)r ?
ij Several Senators. On all together.
ji Mr. HUNTER. I ask that the question be
j! taken on all the amendments, except the one for
j| the payment of interest on the money borrowed
p by the superintendent of California, i think
;! there is some mistake about that.
i! The remaining amendments made as in Com-
]; mittee of the Whole were concurred m: and tlie
|j question was stated to be on concurring in the
|j following amendment:
: > *ind be it further enacted, Thai in settling the accounts of
7'hoina^ J Uenloy, as superintendent of Indian affair-* in
)j California, the accounting officers of the Trea u y be, and
II tiiey aie hereby, authorized to allow him the amount of
11 &730 paid by him to Sanders & Benham for interest upon
I; money advanced by them on account of the Indian seivice
i1 in California.
;; Mr. HUNTER. That amendment was hastily
j! adopted in Committee of the Whole. It is, in
!: the apprehension of many of us, a private claim.
| It is too late now to raise such a question of order;
! but I wish to take the sense of 'he Senate on tt
distinctly. It seems to me to be manifestly a
!; private claim. Perhaps it is a very just one; and
,j if ic was offered in a separate oill v I have no uouot,
r.oni tf-hat I have heard, that it, wouid be passed.
