552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
this question. That is true, and it may be the
case in regard to every question that comes up.
Each individual, however, is a separate man, and
has a separate case. Suppose there was but one
case and but a single petitioner: would that change
the character of the investigation? Not in the
. least respect; and yet every one would admit at
once that that case should go to the Committee
on Private Land Claims. Then, does the number
of the claimants, or the want of a petition, or the
fact that the suggestion comes from a member
of Congress or the head of a Department, change
the nature of the investigation and the fitness of
the committee to which it should be referred? It
seems to me not. I would never be guilty of any
act of disrespect towards any committee or mem-
ber of the Senate; but I will not be influenced by
any appeal to courtesy to refer a question to one
committee on account of precedent, when I believe
it should properly go to a different committee.
The PRESIDENT fro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Michigan to
refer this bill to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BROWN. With all possible respect to-
wards my friend from Michigan, I must say, in
the frankness which 1 trust is a part of my char-
acter, that I object to that proposition distinctly
upon this ground: the question involved in tins
bill has been for almost a twelvemonth before that
committee, and we have had no report. I am now,
as I have always been, against committing the
lamb to the nursery of the wolf. I know my
friend will not take this remark unkindly. I am
opposed to committing a measure which is of vast
importance to my constituents, to the tender care
of a committee that for a long twelvemonth has
slumbered over it without seeming; to appreciate
the consequences which helong to it. If there is
any one question before the Senate, or which has
ever come before the Senate, that deeply concerns
a very large number of those whom 1 represent,
it is this precise question. Many months ago, I
moved a resolution instructing the Committee on
Public Lands to inquire into the expediency of
passing a law on this subject, and if that commit-
tee has ever reported upon that resolution, I am
ignorant of the fact.
Now, sir, how does tins question stand? I
invoke the attention of the Senate to it, because
vast minibers of tlie people are interested not only
in the action of the Senate upon it, but in the
immediate action of the Senate. When the bill
was passed graduating the prices of the public
lands, it authorized the Secretary of the Interior
and the Commissioner of Public Lands to issue
instructions to the various rcgisteis mid receivers
of the diffeient land offices throughout the United
States as to how they should execute the law.
They went to woik,and issued such instructions
as were authorized to be issued under the law.
Thousands and tens of thousands of persons went
forward and entered land in obedience to those
instructions, complying with everything which i
was required of them, not only by the law, but
by the instructions which had been issued up to
that day. After months had passed away, the
Department seemed suddenly to have been aroused
to the apprehension that frauds had been com-
muted. Then they issued new instructions, havm<*
a retrospective operation—instructions dating back
in their operation to the date of the law, and ac-
uta,iy requiring parties who had already entered'
lands tinder the law and under the previous in-
structions, logo back and comply with those other
inMruetious, having a retrospective operation, or
have their entries set aside and made void.
In my Suite and I can find no better illustra-
lion—tile case works thus: When the graduation
law was passed a vast quantity of the land in my
btate was reduced at once to twelve and a half
cents an acre. It had been m market for thirty
years, and the Government had not been able to
.V-11 it. At one dollar and twenty-five cents an
acre, it would probably have never been sold at
all. At twelve and a lialf cents, it was taken up '
m smnll parcels by a iai ge number of people. The
humble settler upon forty acres of public land
went to the land office, paid his five dollars, and
entered his forty acres. Ills traveling expenses
in going there and returning were more than the
price of his luiid. He complied with the law; ho
complied with all the instructions which had been
issued by your Secretary of the Interior, and
your Commissioner of Public Lands. He did all
that the law and instructions required him to do,
and returned to his home believing that, in the
good faith of his Government, he had a bona fide,
indisputable title to his little home. He had
scarcely got back to his cottage, when he was met
by instructionsfrom the Department, thathe must
return and make other affidavits, and other proofs,
thus requiring him to go back to the land office
at an additional cost of live or ten dollars to him,
and make other proofs, at another cost of five or
ten dollars more, to obtain land which, at the
Government price, only cost him five dollars for
forty acres. In this way he has, in the aggregate,
to pay twenty or twenty-five dollars for that
which the Government only asked him to pay
five dollars for originally.
There does not come from my part of the
country a mail that does not bring me solemn
protests against this action of the Government.
The poorest laborer, the poorest cultivator of the
land, the humblest man who occupies any por-
tion of God's habitable soil, feels that it is an out-
rage on the law—that it is an outrage upon his
rights, after he has done all that you called on
him to do—paid his money, and got his title;
then, by a sort of ex post facto executive law—a
law passed in executive council, without legal
authority—to require him to go back and do
something more. After he has complied with the
law of Congress, and the instructions under it,
and paid his money, and got his certificate, then
he is threatened that the certificate will be avoided,
unless he goes back and makes other affidavits,
and does something else to perfect his title.
I know as a lawyer—I know it as well as I
know anything that is written in the books—I
am as perfectly confident of it as I am that Black-
stone was the great English commentator, or that
Kent wrote his Commentaries on the Constitu-
tion of the United States—I feel as confident of
the proposition as I feel confident of the divinity
ot the Bible—that there is no law in this proceed-
ing; that these bulletins issued from the execu-
tive department are mere brutum fulmen; but
they disturb the titles of my constituents; they
disturb the title of every man who has entered
land under the graduation law. Who does not
know that, when a man entering public land has
gone forward and done all that the law and the
existing instructions at the time require him to
do, he has a perfect title, and that no ex post facto
instructions can, by any possibility in Iaw,over-
rj.rii title? Bat what can a poor man do?
How can a man who has bought his little tract
of land around his cabin for five dollars, and been
to the expense ot five or ten dollars in going to
and returning from the land office—how can he
enter into a coirtroversy with this great Govern-
ment of yours? The men in your executive
offices do what ? They issue their bulletins. The
poor man in his cabin feels that his title is inse-
cure. lie does nil that he can do: he appeals to
his Senator and his Representative to protect him
iii his rights; and I stand up here to-day, sir, in
the face of the American Senate, to protest against
the monstrous outrage which, m my judgment,
has been perpetrated on every enterer of these
lauds by the issuing of these orders.
Having said this I mean to go further, and
admit that the Secretary of the Interior had the
perfect right to issue such instructions as he
thought proper in the beginning in reference to
the execution of this law. The law gives him
the right, fie did issue his instructions. The
parties who entered under the law complied with
the instructions. They complied with them to
the very letter, without crossing a t or dotting ail
i. After they had done that, the Commissioner
and Secretary issued other instructions requiring
them to do something else, to undergo additional
expense and additional trouble, or else by a sim-
ple edict from the executive department, they
would overturn all the titles which these men had
obtained. I have known no more tyrannical pro-
ceeding—I have known no more lawless proceed- i
wg under any Government than this of which I !
now speak. I have studied the question, and I j
confess to some amazement that the honorable j
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands has I
never thought proper to report upon it. What j
we want—what the bill Train the House of Rep- 1
resentatives proposes, is simply this: that the i
entries made under the law, and the instructions j
ol tiie Department up to the time when the new !
instructions were given, shall be valid, except in
cases where clear and distinct charges of fraud
are made.
That I may be understood let me illustrate.
My friend before me [Mr. Wright] goes forward
and makes an entry. It is a valid one. Nobody
disputes it. My friend, the chairman [Mr.
Stcart] goes arid makes an entry that is valid.
Nobody disputes that. A dozen or twenty men
go and make valid entries, and nobody disputes
them; but one man goes and makes a fraudulent
entry; and because the Commissioner and Secre-
tary have suspicions that a fraudulent entry has
been made, they undertake to say that all who
have made entries, whether valid or binding, shall
go forward, make new affidavits, new proofs, and
comply with new instructions, or else all their
entries shall be set aside and their titles disturbed,
and all the labor on the land be lost to them and
their posterity. Why, sir, it seems to me that
no proposition can be clearer than that when a
party has gone forward and made an entry of
land, complying with the law and complying with
all the instructions which were issued up to that
time, he gets a clear and indisputable title against
the world. If frauds have been committed, and
the Government wants to avoid the repetition of
them, let it issue new instructions, and all who
come after the issuance of those instructions must
comply, not only with the first but with the sec-
ond series of instructions. But do not let your
instructions have a retrospective operation, so as
to overturn and destroy the title of five or ten or
fifteen or twenty thousand, and I do not know
but it may go up to one hundred thousand entries,
even in my own State, to say nothing of the
whole United States.
To return to the immediate point, I object dis-
tinctly to this bill going to the Committee on
Public Lands on the ground that they have had
the question before them for almost a twelve-
month; and as far as I know, they have made no
report. We have but about twenty-eight days of
the session left; and if thev have not found time
in nearly twelve months to report, it is hardly
probable they will find time in the next twenty-
eight days. I want a congressional decision on
the question, because when the 1st of June comes,
according to the executive proclamation—I do not
mean the presidential proclamation, but the proc-
lamation from the land office—all these entries are
to be vacated unless the people go forward and
file affidavit^ and do this, that, and the other-
God only knows all that they are asked to do.
After they comply this time, how many more
times they will have to comply with new instruc-
tions, I do not understand.
I desire to avoid all that by simply referring
this bill to the Committee on Private Land Claims"
which, I understand, is not particularly overrun
with business, and will have time to examine it
in two or three days, and bring it back to us. I
do not want to crowd it on a committee that for
twelve months has not found time to investigate
this subject and make a report. I know that the
Committee on Public Lands discharge their duties
well and faithfully, and the chairman and his as-
sociates would be glad to give attention to the sub-
ject if they had time; but inasmuch as they have
not time, 1 am not disposed to crowd this subject
on them, and I do not think it is exactly fair in
the chairman to ask it—I mean fair to himself.
Mr. STUART. I cotifess myself a little sur-
prised, not only at the promptness of this attack,
but at its generality. I did not suppose that there
was a combination here, which was to come in at
the tap of the drum when this bill was sent from
the House of Representatives, and nftack in un-
measured terms the Committee on Public Lands,
I am not a little surprised at the combination, or
at the source from which it emanated. I intend
to disabuse, as far as I can, in a very few words,
the mind of the Senate on this subject.
The Committee on Public Lands, I think I may
be permitted to say, has had before it duringthe
time that I have been a member of it, which is for
the last four years, a vast amount of business,
and I do not know of a single instance in which
that committee has omitted to discharge its duty.
The occurrence to which the Senator from Mis-
sissippi refers was not within my recollection.
I sent to the Secretary's office to gettheJouinal,
and I find that such a resolution as that to which
he alludes was passed. There way aluo before
