1857.
THIS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Hi
as some gentleman might think; but I say that,
take them as they st$nd, they only require that
there shall be actual occupancy and cultivation
of the land up to the 1st of Juno next, to entitle
every man to ins tract. This fact destroys all the
beauty of this speech, evidently made for home
consumption.
1 did not intend to be drawn into any discussion
of this sort; it was the furthest possible thing
from my desires. I cannot conceive why any
course of treatment should be meted out to the
Committee on Public Lands different from that
meted out to all other committees. I felt, and I
have no doubt other members of that committee
felt, that the vast amount of labor performed by
the committee ought to have been some apology,
at least, for the ordinary treatment which the
Senate bestows on its committees. If 1 thought,
that by any possibility of construction, the Com-
mittee on Public Lands were worthy of being
called an indolentcommittee, I not only should not
have made this motion, but I should have asked
the present committee to abandon their organiza-
tion, if that was the only way to put prompt men
in it.
Now, sir, I have no feeling in this matter other
than that feeling which I think every man ought
to have. I certainly have no feeling against this
measure. I am as heartily for some relief in this
matter as the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi, or anybody else, can be. I know and fool
its importance. Having lived and been brought
up in a country where these laws are important,
I should be false to myself, if not to my constit-
uents, if I could for a moment be derelict in duty
to the actual settlers on public lands, under this
or any other act of Congress. I agree with the
Senator from Mississippi that they are a Uass
entitled to protection equal to at least any oilier
class in this country. Hut the Senator evidently
saw fit to make his constituents behove that the
reason why justice had not been done them was
because the Committee on Public Lauds had been
derelict in their duty 1 think it was not very
proper for him to stand as the champion here,
and make the Committee on Public Lands the
culprits in this question. They have us much
ardency of feeling to do justice as the honorable
Senator has. They are as well entitled to the
encomiums of his constituents, qv any other man's
constituents, as he is, and it is hardly proper to
undertake to make capital out of us for the benefit
of anybody. It is not even proper that the por-
tion of the public who are interested in these pur-
chases should understand that the Committee on
Public Lands of the Senate arc against their in-
terests and against justice to them. It is not true.
There is no such feeling on the part of any mem-
ber of the committee; and it is only for the pur-
pose of repelling any such inference that I trouble
the Senate at tins moment at all.
Mr. BROWN. I have only a word or two to
say in reply to the Senator from Michigan. He
intimates at the conclusion of his speech, that I
expect to make capital out of this matter. Capital
out of what? Sir, if 1 expected to make capital,
I would strike at higher game than the man who
occupies forty acrcs of poor land. Th ;re is pre-
cious little capital to be made there, as all men
who have served as long in public life as I have
must know. They have their votes at the ballot-
box, to be sure; but their votes to those occupy-
ing the position which the Senator and myself
occupy, may be very easily overturned by a little
intrigue in a Legislature. If X had any capital to
make, I would speak to those, and for those oc-
cupying a higher position. Sir, I speak for these
people because they deserve to be spoken for. I
feel for them because they deserve to be felt for.
The most meritorious of all the American people,
they have proverbially, here and elsewhere, the
least consideration paid to them, as is proved by
the action of this committee, of which my friend
is the chairman, who even forgot a resolution
which concerned them.
Mr. STUART. I have denied that three times,
and you should not repeat it again.
Mr. BROWN. I know that the Senator has
denied it; but what has become of the resolution?
Why has there been no report on it? Why has
it lain for a long twelvemonth before the com-
mittee, if they have not forgotten it, when the
Senator protests that they are the most industri-
ous committee of the Senate, md work up to the
very hour of busin^^hp^^ \vant;%Jle^himofr
on an easy point. 5 .'-/ff'?
But, says the'Senator, I have been racking a
speech here for home consumption. Better irhak£
a speech for home consumption than one.fo?-
executive consumption. Better speak to the'
people than to the liead of a Department. If thd
Senator comes here to charge me with speaking
to my constituents, I turn upon him and say he
speaks for Secretaries. I speak for no one here,
sir, but myself; I speak my own sentiments, and
I speak for the interests of those whom I repre-
sent; but I have no home purposes to accomplish
here. When I speak for home purposes, I will
speak to the people face to face, and I will tell
them what has been done here, and who did it.
The Senator thinks there is no danger of these
settlers being turned off the lands for which they
have paid according to the laws, and, I repeat
again, according to the instructions issued up to
the hour when they made their entries. I tried
to explain before, that if they do not come for-
ward and make other proofs, which will cost
them as much as the land, and as much as the
original expense of making the entry, or in some
cases twice that amount, they will be turned off,
unless thev have a mind to stand the hazard of a
lawsuit with the Government. The order has
gone forth, that on the 1st of June every entry
which has been made, and which shall not have
been perfected in accordance with these instruc-
tions— issued, mind you, Senators, after the entry
was made, and necessaiily having a retrospective
operation—is to be set aside.
The Senator says it is more than doubtful
whether these ordeis are legal or not. In my
judgment, it is a question which admits of no
doubt. When the law was passed, it authorized
the Secretary of the Interior to irku? instructions
for its execution, Me did issue such instructions;
and the parties who made the entries complied
with the law, and complied with the instructions
to the very letter. I hope I shall impress that
idea upon the mind of the Senate, though I know
it is very thin this evening. They did comply
with the lav/, and with the instructions to the
very letter. After they had made their entries
and got their titles, I repeat, other instructions
wore issued, having a retrospective operation, re-
quiring them to come forward, and produce other
proofs, and do other things not called for by the
law and by the first instructions, or else their
titles would be avoided.
The point I make on the Senator from Michi-
gan is this: suppose there shall be a compliance
with these second instructions, where is the guar-
antee that there will not be a third set of instruc-
tions, and then a fourth, and then a fifth ? In the
name of all the gods at once, when are the titles
of these people to be settled ? What I insist upon
is, that when a man made his entry, in compli-
ance v/ith the law and with nil the instructions
which had been issued up to the time he made
his entry, his title was perfect, and that the ex-
ecutive power was exhausted when the first in-
structions were issued. I never disputed that
the Secretary had the right to issue second in-
structions, ancf from the date of their issuance to
require conformity with those second instruc-
tions. My dispute is a > to whether he has the
right to give them a retrospective operation.
That is all there is of it. Let htin issue any in-
structions he chooses; and if they do not abso-
lutely defeat the ends of the low, there will be a
compliance with them. Cut, sir, he has no right,
under the authority given to him by the law,
(which was to issue instructions under which the
law is to be execu ted,) to allow it to be executed for
six months, and then come in with other instruc-
tions, saying that all that has been done under the
previous instructions shall be overturned unless
the parti^ come forwaid and do something more.
I have two or three times repeated, this doing
something more" costs more than the original
price of the land, more than the cost of the ori-
ginal entry; and in the name of my constituents, I
solemnly protest against their being compelled to
pay three or four tunes as much for the land under
these orders in council as the Government requires
for it under the Jaw. In my State, most of tire
lands were reduced to twelve and a half cents an
acre; and a forty-acre tract cos! a man five dollars
and a tract of eighty nct 's ten dollars. It requires
about that sum foi him to go to the land otfico
and come back; and when heget#. back he is told
there are new instructions aad he must return and
get new proofs and go before a now justice,of the
peace and swear over again. This costs him soma
ten or fifteen dollars more; and when -lie.has got
through the whole process, he finds that it would,
have heen chcaper—a saving of money and .of.
feeling, to have gone forward and paid the original
dollar and a quarter an acre. If thu man is not
capable of doing that, he is turned out of house
and home.
The Senator disputes my proposition that ona
hundred thousand men will be turned out by
these orders. I say there are two hundred thou-
sand of them to be turned out unless they comply
with those orders, which, I think I have shown,
were issued in violation of lawi It is true that
by going through all the trouble, incurring all tha
expense of making his bows all around and doing
everything required by the orders, he may be got
out of the difficulty} but my point is, are they ta
be required to do it? Were the instructions is-
sued in obedience to law? What was the original
law? That the Secretary should issue instruc-
tions for its execution. He did issue instructions,
and these men complied with the instructions to
the very letter} and after they have mad*; their
entries and got their certificates, they are told all
that is to be overturned unless they .go and dp
something else. These new instructions, under-
stand me, Mr.' President and Senators, X admit to
be valid as to future transactions. It is to their
retrospective operation that I object. If the Sec-
retary ascertained that he had issued instructions
which were not stringent enough, and that, those
sharp and cunning fellows of whom the Senator
speaks had gone forward and produced men of
straw to enter the public lands m violation of the
act of Congress, and that such was the condition
of the instructions that they were not strong
enough to keep those fellows out, then it was not
only his li^ht but his duty to issue new instruc-
tions. What I protested against was that he had
no right, if there was one thief in the camp, to
charge the whole camp with being rogues. If
one follow had entered the land fraudulently, he
had no right to throw suspicion overall the entries
which had been made. If lie will cliargo any man
specifically with having made a fraudulent entry,
tnen the bill before us covers his case; but it ac-
quits of fraud all against whom no charge has
been made. All .who have made bona fidt entries
have their entries held as valid and binding; but
all who are charged with fraud have their entries
avoided.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senateadjourn.
Mr. CLAY. Let the vote be taken on refer-
rin£ the bill.
Mr. PUGII. I hope not. I desire to say a
few words in reply to the Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Brown,] not respecting what he has
just said, but what lie said before.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate ad-
journed.
IN SENATE. * #
Tuesday, February 3, 1857.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 657) for the relief of John Shaw, *
a soldier in the war of 1812—to the Committee
on Military Affaiis.
A bill (No. 778) for the relief of Joseph Bailey* %
an invalid soldier of the war of 3812—to the
Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 803) to establish Augusta, in the
State of Georgia, a port of delivery—to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
A bill (No. 648) for the relief of Shadrach
Rice, of Jackson county, Virginia—to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WRIGHT presented resolutions of the
Legislature of New Jersey, in favor qf an appro-
priation for the improvement of Absecom?and
Great and Little Egg Harbors, in that State;
which were referred to the Committee on Com-
mvrce, and ordered to >>e printed.
