556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
Mr. CASS presented the memorial of the heirs
and legal representatives of Frangois Chabert
Joncaire, deceased, praying that their title to cer-
tain lands may be confirmed, and that they may
be authorized to locate the same on any of the
unappropriated public lands; which was referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of citizens
of the county of Washington, residing out of the
corporate limits of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, for the establishment of public
schools within that portion of the District outside
of the corporate limits of those cities; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
He also presented a petition of a committee
of the Corporation of Washington, praying that
Congress will cede to the corporation the public
square, or reservation,on which the Center Mar-
ket now stands, and to authorize it to borrow
money for the purpose of erecting a new market-
house thereon; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of II. N. Denison, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to (he Court of Claims.
FO.X AND WISCONSIN RIVERS.
Mr. DURKEE submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Puhhe. Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the propnetyof eontirnim<  to the
State of Wisconsin certain selections of UncH nnde by the
Governor of said State, in the even numbered sections ori-
ginally reseived in the giant of lands heretofore made for
the improvement of the Pox and Wisconsin nveis, as part
of the complement due said State for impiovement.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of R. Claxton,
widow of Captain Alexander Claxton, praying
for arrears of pension, .submitted an adverse re-
port; which was ordeied to be printed.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, fo whom was referred the joint
resolution (No. 45) to amend (lie act entitled " An.
act for the relief of Frederick Vincent, adminis-
trator of James Le Ca/.e, survivor of Le Caze &,
Mallet," reported it with an amendment, and sub-
mitted a report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 454) to confirm the title of Benjamin E.
Edwards to a certain tract of land m the Terri-
tory of Now AJ'-xico, reported it without amend-
ment, and submitted a report; winch was ordered
to be printed.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 355) for the re-
lief of Napoleon B. Gills, of Perry county, Mis-
souri, and for other purposes, reported it without
amendment, and submitted a report; which was
ordered to be printed.
* NOTfCE OP A BILL.
Mr, THOMSON, of New Jersey, gave notice
of his intention to ask leave to introduce a bill for
the improvement of the harbor of Absecom, and
Great and Little Egg Harbors, in the State of New
Jersey.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
1 sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 549)
to secure to actual settlers the alternate sections
of the public lands reserved in the grants to the
1 States for railroads; which was read, and passed
to a second reading, and ordered to lie on the.
table, and be printed.
MARTIN MILLET.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee 'on Private Land Claims to report back
the bill (S. No, 485) forthe relief of Martin Millet,
of Iowa; and as the bill is simply to correct a
Might error in his location of land, the committee
have directed me to ask that the bill be put on its
passage at once.
Theie being" no objection, the Senate proceeded,
ns in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
lull, which confirms the preemption entry No.
29340,allowed at the Dubuque land office on Feb-
ruary 21,1855, in the name of Martin Millet, and
directs thfe Commissioner of the General Land
Office to cause a patent tp be issued for it.
'The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JONATHAN PAINTER.
Mr. CASS. I have charge of two pension bills
which I desire to have passed. They are rather
singular—singular in their merits certainly x and
in the necessities of the applicants. They are
for the services of two Indians; and I feel an in-
terest in them because I know them. One of them
I have seen recently, and he is in extreme poverty.
They served faithfully in the war of 1812. One
of them is the case of Jonathan Painter, who,
when a lad of five or six years of age, was taken
by the Wyandotts. Hewas a slave in Virginia;
and was taken by the Wyandotts to Upper San-
dusky, and there he became an Indian in all his
manners and associations. In the war of 1812 he
joined us, and separated from the war party of
the Wyandotts, He was employed by General
Harrison repeatedly, arid behaved himself with
great fidelity during the war. He was not paid
in the army, but was a spy His is an extreme
case of destitution. A bill has been reported by
the Committee on Pensions of the Senate giving
him eight dollars a month for the term of his
natural life, commencing on the 4th of September,
1856. I ask the Senate to take up that bill. I
hope it will not be objected to. The report is
favorable, and there is no question in regard to
it. X allude to the bill (S. No. 531) for the relief
of Jonathan Painter, a black man, who acted as
a spy in the war of 3812.
The bill was read the second time, and consid-
ex*ed as in Committee of the Whole. No amend-
ment being proposed, it was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOHN RYLEY.
Mr. CASS. The other case in which I ask a
similar indulgence of the Senate is the case of
John Ityley. 1 will read to the Senate the state-
ment which I made to the Committee on Pensions:
" T run well acquainted with the petitioner, John lUloy.
lit; a hall blood Ottawa indmn, who adopted the c<iu-e
of the United States m the last war with England. He was
active, brave, and iiuthful, and was sent upon vanous dan-
grroub minions, which he executed satisfactorily. IVIueh
of Ins conduct priced within my own observation, and F
relied upon him as a true friend of ourcause. I have seen
him m action with the Indians, and was well satisfied with
bun. I have employed Into in enteiprkcs of dan^ei and
difficulty, and found him biaveand di-creet. Jn t1iom> nines
it was no h^tu matter to penetrate the Indian eountiy
with a view to as-certain the condition and objects and pie-
paration^ oj the Indians, m oidor to be ready for and coun-
teract them. He lias thus traveled extensive legions?, and
I always placed confidence in Ins report5!, and was never
deceived. I saw lniu last fall, and found hun in a state of
destitution, Millering from physical infirmity, and apparently
with a slender hold upon hie. The interview, to me, was
a painful one, loc.iihiur.as X did, lus past strength and activ-
ity, employed in the «ej vice of out countiy, and eontinstim;
hi the clays of Jus manhood with his pte^ent condition of
evposuie and wretchedness. It is one of those cases
which call forthe intci veil turn of Cuzigres ."
The bill (S. No. 530) for the^relief of John
Ryley, an Indian of the State of Michigan, was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary of the
Interior to placc his name on the pension list at
the rate of eig;ht dollars per month, to commence
on the 4th of September, 1856, to continue during
his life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JEREMIAH BRYAN.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to take up a bill (H. R. No. 590) which
can possibly give riso to no discussion .* A mere
statement of the facts of the case will be sufficient
to induce the Senate to pass it. The petitioner js
a settler in Louisiana. In 1831,1 think, or at an
earlier date, perhaps, his claim was recognized as
an actual settler, and he was declared to be en-
titled to six hundred and forty acres of land. In
consequence of some mistake in the surveys of
the public lands in that neighborhood, although
he has a title from the Government for six hun-
dred and forty acres, he has no land of which he
can take^ possession; and this bill is simply to
enable him to enter lands subject to entry at the
minimum price, in consequence of the six hun-
dred and forty acres which-ho lost.
The bill (H. R. No. 590) for the relief of the
heirs and legal representatives of Jeremiah Bryan,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole,
reported to the Senate, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
DEPARTMENT OF LAW.
Mr. WELLER. I hope the resolution of the
Senator from Texas, [Mr. Hofstov,] which has
been reconsidered, will be now taken up, as he
wishes to make some observations that will con;
sume but very little time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The Chair will state to the Senate
that the special orderfor half past twelve o'clock
should be called up, agreeably to usage, and dis-
posed of in some form. It is the bill (S. No.
347) to establish the Department of Law.
Mr, ADAMS. Under the circumstances, I
hope, by general consent, it will be informally
passed over—not losing its position—until the
resolution of the Senator from Texas shall have
been disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be taken.
NAVAL DESERTIONS, ETC.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolution of Mr. Houston- relative to desertions
in the Navy, and certain events in the Pacific and
East India squadrons, submitted by him on the
14th of January, which was amended on Satur-
day last, and adopted as amended. Yesterday the
vote adopting the amended resolution was recon-
sidered.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, in conse-
quence of a misunderstanding as to the condition
in which the resolution was placed the other day,
and a mistaken supposition of mine that a gentle-
man intended to address the Senate, I did not
notice that the vote was taken until it was too
late, and, by the action of the Senate, the amend-
ment of the Senator from Floiida [Mr. Mallory]
had been adopted.
I did not introduce this resolution for the pur-
pose of obtaining information impertinent to the
discharge of our duties. 1 introduced it in order,,,
to produce before the Senate information on sub-
jects proper and legitimate for inquiry by the
Senate. The object was not to gratify any indi-
vidual curiosity, but merely to obtain from the
proper source such information as I considered
necessary to the enlightenment of the Senate in
regard to the present condition of the Navy.
In the first place, an unusual number of deser-
tions, amounting to one hundred and ninety, took
place from one vessel within a few weeks. I de-
sired to know the cause which had produced this
disastrous effect on the Navy—whether it was
owing to a defect i*i the discipline or regulations
of the service, and if so to apply a remedy. That
was the first object.
In the next place, an unusual circumstance had
occurred in the Pacific squadron. A captain and
a commander had been sent home from that
squadron with a report from the commodore
commanding the squadron. This circumstance
has, I believe, occurred only once before since the
foundation of this Government. It appeared so
extraordinary that I deemed it proper that the
Senate should be placed in possession of the re-
port of the commanding officer giving an explana-
tion of the causes of that transaction. I had no
reference to any individual as a man, because I
was not acquainted personally with-any one who
appears to be interested in' the matter; but I
deemed it to be a subject of public concernment.
This captain and commander having been or-
dered to report to the Navy Department, vacancies
were left to be filled by two officers of equal grade.
Instead of doing this, however, a commander was
sent to supply the place of the captain who had
been detached from the Pacific squadron. When
the recent transformation of the Navy was con-
templated, the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs told us that sufficient officers of
high rank could not be obtained to supply the
demands for their appropriate station. Now, we
find that a commander has been ordered by the
Navy Department to do the duty of a captain,
although there arc ninety-six captains in the
Navy, not more than thirteen detailed on duty,
