m
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
by the two days' requirement of the rules; but
that a motion to reconsideran amendment or any-
intermediate vote, must be made after the final
vole lias been reconsidered. In this case it is
necessary to move to reconsider the vote on the
amendment, and any gentleman can do that who
voted in the affirmative upon it.
Mr. RUSK. I understand from the Senator
from North Carolina [Mr. Biggs] that the Senator
from California [Mr. Welleu] moved a recon-
sideration of the vote on the passage of the reso-
Iu«on, and also on the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. He could not
submit those two motions at the same time.
Mr. BIGGS. To place the matter beyond all
doubt, I move to reconsider the vote on the amend-
ment.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the vote will be taken on
reconsidering the amendment, and then let the
subject go over.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. There is a
special order for to-day at one o'clock, and I
should like to know what will be its condition if
we now go into executive session?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be the
special order for to-morrow at the same hour.
Mr. THOMPSON. Taking precedence?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will take
precedence according to the time when it was
made the special order. If it was the first special
order made, it will remain the first. A special
order does not lose its precedence by an execu-
tive session.
Mr.THOMPSON, of Kentucky. The special
order for to-day to which I alluded, is a bill, the
purpose of which is to give additional time to a
deal' ant! dumb asylum m Kentucky to sell the
remainder of the land granted to it some years
ago by Congress. Under the present law, the
time for sale expires early in April, and this bill
ought to be acted on, so that if the time is not to
be extended now, they may be able to dispose
of the land by the peiiod fixed. I am certain,
when understood, there will be no objection to it.
Unless there is some imperious necessity for an
executive session, 1 should like to proceed to the
consideration of that special order.
Mr. MASON. 1 stated just now what I feel
bound to repeat, that, in my judgment, there is
an imperious necessity for going into executive
session,
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I did not
hear that statement befotc.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The Senator
from Tex.is [Mr. Husk] asks the consent of the
Senate to take the votr on the reconsideration of
the amendment to the resolution of his colleague.
Mr. MAL.LORY. I have something to say on
that subject. I do not wish to consume time
unnecessarily, but, if that vote is to be taken, I
must respond at iliis time, to the remarks of the
Senator from Texas, [Mr. Houston.)
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
on the motion of the Senator from Virginia to
postptjje the further consideration of the resolu-
tion until to-morrow.
Mr. RUSK. 1 understand that the motion to I
reconsider the amendment is entered ? i
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly. j
Mr. FiTZi'ATRiCK. 1 hope my friend from
Virginia will allow us to refer the bill which was '
under consideration yesterday. I
Mr MASON. It can be done in the morning :
Inour to-morrow. We know very well, if any- :
thing is let in between my motions, it may take i
time. |
Mr. FITZPATRICIC. It will occupy but a ^
f moment to refer the bill. No one, I believe, de- j
sn-es to say anything about it. I
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question I
is on the motion to postpone the resolution. I
The motion was agreed to. 1
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE,' |
A message from the House of Representatives, i
by Mr. Cellom, its Clerk, announced that the I
House of Representatives had passed a resolution |
for the appointment of a committee, to join the i
committee appointed by the Senate, to ascertain j
and report a mode of examining the votes for !
President and Yiee President of the United States, 1
and of notifying the person? elected of their elec-,
tion; and had appointed Messrs. George W. 1
Jtysss of Tenn«asee, Israel WiSHutas, Jr., of
Maine, Henry M. Fuller of Pennsylvania,
Benjamin F. Lester of Ohio, and Thomas S.
Bocock of Virginia, the Committee on the part
of the House of Representatives.
Also, that the House of Representatives agreed
to the amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 251) to authorize the President of the
United States to cause to be procured, by purchase
or otherwise, a suitable steamer, to be stationed
at the port of New York as a revenue cutter, and
for the purpose of affording relief to distressed
vessels, their passengers, and crews.
Also, that the House had passed a bill (H. R.
No 490) to divide the State of Texas into two
judicial districts.
ENTRIES tWDER THE GRADUATION ACT.
Mr. CLAY. I trust now that the bill to which
I have alluded will be referred by unanimous con-
sent. *
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to refer the bill (H. R. No. 804)
to confirm certain entries of land therein named,
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PUGH. I intended to say something on
the question of reference; but to accommodate
the Senators from Alabama and Mississippi, I
waive my right to do so, and hope the bill will
be referred.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the. Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business.
After some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 3, 1857.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMITTEE ON PRESIDENTIAL VOTES.
The SPEA KER appointed Messrs. Jones of
Tennessee, Wasiibi'KX of Maine, Fuller of
Pennsylvania, Leiteh, and Bocock, a committee
on the part of the House to cooperate with a like
committee on the part of the Senate, to ascertain
and report a mode of examining the votes for
P" '^tdent and Yicc President of the United States,
ana of notifying the persons elected of their elec-
tion.
The SPEAKER stated the business in order to
be the special order, assigning this day for the
consideration of business belonging to the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
RESOLUTION OP NEW JERSEY LEGISLATURE.
Mr. RODBINS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a resolution from the Legislature of the
State of New Jersey, relative to appropriations
for Absecom, and Great and Little Egg Harbors;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
CHANGE OP REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. LETCHER, it was
Ordered, That ihc Committee of Way.- and Means be
discharged from the further consideration of the memorial
ot .fame* Smith and others, erroneously sent to that com-
mittee, anil tliat it lie referred to the Committee on ttevoiu-
ticm.uy Pensions.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL-
A message was received from the Senate, by-
Mr. Dickin-s, their Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed a hill (fl. R. No. 614)
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes, for the year ending June 30,1853, with
several amendments; in which he was instructed
to ask the concurrence of th • House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Oh*u. I understand that
there arc some fifty-oneamendments to tins Indian
bili. I ask the unanimous consent of the House
to have the bill referred to the Committee of
Ways arid Means, and the amendments ordered
to be pruned.
It was so ordered.
firemen's INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. DQDDj from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported back an act (S. j\ro,
325) to extend the charter of the President and
Directors of the Firemen's Insurance Company
of Washington and Georgetown, m the District
of Columbia, with a recommendation that it do
pass.
The bill extends the charter of the President
and Directors of the Firemen's Insurance Com-
pany of Washington .and Georgetown, in the
District of Columbia, approved 3d March, 1837,
which expires by its own limitation on the 1st of
June, 1858, to the 1st of June, 1888, on certain
terms and conditions.
Mr. DODD called for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. H. MARSHALL demanded tellers on
ordering the main question to be put.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence
and Walbridge were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 90, noes 31.
So the main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time*
and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. DODD demanded the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. DODD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GRANITE MANUFACTURING COMPANY.
Mr. DODD, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported back Senate bill (No,
575) to incorporate the Granite Manufacturing
Company of Washington city, with an amend-
ment, and with the recommendation that it do
pass.
The amendment was read, as follows:
At the end of the biil add:
Sec. 12. Jlnd.be it further enacted, That this act shall
continue in iorcc for the period of fourteen years.
Mr. DODD demanded the previous question.
Mr. LETCHER. Do these charters make
the stockholders personally liable?
Mr. IIAVEN. They do. They make the
stockholders liable to the extent of their stock,
and the directors liable for any misapplication.
Mr. LETCHER. So I understand; but I want
them liable for everything.
Mr. KUNKEL. Tins bill provides that the
stockholders at the time any debt is contracted
shall be individually liable to the extent of their
stock. If they transfer their stock to others, or
become stockholders, at a time the debts were not
contracted, they are not liable. This is its pro-
vision, as I understand it.
Mr. FLORENCE. It seems to me to be a ques-
tionable policy to incorporate companies for the
manufacture of an article that has been patented.
These parties have a monopoly already for the
manufacture of this article for fourteen years. I
would like indeed to know what is the character
of this patent granite?
Mr. KLTNKEL. I desire to move to amend
the bill.
The SPEAKER. Amendment is not in order;
the previous question having been called.
Mr. TRAFTON. I call for tellers upon the
demand for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. A. K. Mar-
shall, and Clark of Connecticut, were ap-
pointed.
Mr, DODD withdrew his demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. LETCHER. i observe in the first section
of this bill a very extraordinary provision. It is
that provision which empowers this company
to manufacture this article for which they have
a patent, and also any other material whatever
which they chose, no matter what. Thus they
will come in competition with all the small me-
chanics of the city, not only under the power of
the fourteen years' patent, but under the power
of corporate privileges besides. It seems to me
that it is not quite fair towards other interests
here, engaged m a smaller way.
Mr. DODD. This bill is designed to enable
this company to attempt to carry on the manu-
facture of this patented article. They have a
patent for fourteen years, but the patentee has
