m&r.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
wW
not the capital to test its usefulness. It is sup-
posed to be a very useful invention. The words
" other materials'* are in the bill; but if the gen-
tleman from'Virginia objects to them, I have no
objection to their being stricken out,
'Tha provision us to personal liability is the
same as is contained in all the bills passed for cor-
porations in the District of Columbia. In that
respect, this bill is an exa^t copy from others of
a like chaiacter which have preceded it. The bill
has passed the Senate, and I cannot sec any ob-
jection to it. By the terms of the bill, Congress
reserves the right to incorporate any other com-
pany of the same kind whenever it thinks proper.
Mr. FLORENCE. What is the article they
are to manufacture ?
Mr. DODD. It is a block resembling granite,
to be used in the place of brick. It is supposed
to be a useful invention, and that it will diminish
the expense of building. I think that no one
understanding the matter would object to this bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, 1 do not understand
it, and therefore 1 object to it.
Mr. DODD. As the gentleman from Virginia
objects to the words " and also of other mate-
rials," 1 move that they be stricken out.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If these persons
have aheady a patent, I cannot see the necessity
of making them a corporation also. I move that
the bill be laid upon the table.
• Mr. LETCHER called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were-ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 75, nays 96; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Ball, Barksdale, Bqcock, James
H. Campbell, Carutliers, Cuskic, B;i>nrcl Clarke, Clingin.in,
Ilowell Cobb, Comms, Cox, Crhigo, Craivfotd, Dnmrell,
Day, Denver, De Wilt, Dmvdcll, Dunn, Edimnulsou, Re-
wards, Lhmic, Ethcmlge, Evans, Faulkner, Flmonee, Fos-
ter, Gtcenwood, Ilurlmi, Sampson W. lining, Ilenn-it,
Hickman, Hou-ton, IIturhstoii, George W. Jones., J. Clancy
JfoneN, Kutikel, Lciter, Letcher, Alaxwell, Metlueeu,
Smith Millor, Mill-on, Millw.ml, Mott, Nichols, Andrew
Oliver, Mordeeai Oliver, Ptukei, Peek, Pettit, Phelps, i'nr-
vianee, Quitman, Rieand, UutTin, Samhdsje, Savage, Scott,
Shortei, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William U.
Smith. Sneed, Stanton, Stephens,Tnlhott, Thurston, Todd,
Vail, Williams., Wmslow, Daniel B. Wright, and John V,
Wright—75. m
NAYS — Messrs. Albright, Baibour, Henry Bennett,
Hendlcy S. Bennett, Benson, Billmghurst, Bingham,Bliss,
Bowie, BradMiavv, Brenton, Broom, Buffinton.Burhngame,
John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, BzraClaik,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Covodo, Cragin, David-
son, Timothy Davis, Dean, Dick, Dickpon, Dodd, Eilioit,
Flagler,Galloway,Garneu,Gilbert,Goode, Granger, Hobeit
B Ilall, J. Morrison Harris, Harrison, Haven, Hodges,
Hofiiinn, llolloivay, Thomas It. Uorton, Jewett, ICcnnett,
King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Lake, Humphrey
Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, McCarty, Kiliiun Miller,
Moore, Morgan, Moritll, Mnmiy, Norton, Paine, Pelton,
Pennington, Peny, Pike, Porter, Pringle, Puiyear, Bobbins,
Roberts Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons', Stewart,
Strantthnn,Thormgton,Tral'ton, Tiippe, Underwood, Valk,
Wade, Wakeman, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washhurne,
Ellihu B. VVa>hbur o, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch,
WelU1, Whitney, Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth, and Zolli-
cofFor—90.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The question was taken upon the motion to
strike out the words "and. also of other mate-
rials;'' and it was agreed to.
Mr. KCJNKEL. I ask for the reading of the
ninth section.
The section was read, and is as follows:
&cc. 9. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the stockholders
of the corporation, at the rime any debt m conti acted, shall
be individually liable to the creditors of the same lor all
debts contracted by said corporation tu an amount equal to
the amount of stock held by jhem respectively at that time ;
and the directors and other officers *hali be personally liable
for any use, disposition, or investment of moneys or prop-
erty belonging to said corporation not authorized by this act.
Mr. KUNKEL. I am not opposed to this bill,
nor am 1 very solicitous about the feature of in-
dividual liability; but I desrft to call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that this bill purports
to provide for the personal liability of the stock-
holders to the extent of their stock, but it is so
ingeniously drafted that it does not actually do so
in point of law. The House will observe that the
stockholders who are such at the time any debt
is contracted, shall be individually liable to the
extent of their stock. All they have to do, then,
to escape personal liability, is to contract a debt
to-day by one set of stockholders, and transfer
their stock to-morrow, and their liability ceases.
I move to strike out the words " at the time any
debt is contracted,"and that will leave the mem-
bers individually liable to the extent of their
stock.
Mr. DODD. I think that would make the bill
worse instead of better. If anybody should be
liable for the debts it should be those who con-
tracted them. I move the previous question.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it in order to move to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the State of the Union ? .
The SPEAKER. Not at this time.
Mr. FLORENCE. Howdoes the bill get here?
The SPEAKER. It was reported in the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will objection take it out?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, the bill ought to be
perfected before it is passed in this House.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. FLORENCE. I now move that the bill
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, so that we may get it perfected
there.
The question was taken; and there were, on a
division—ayes 65, noes 55.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to. m
WASHINGTON PAPER MILT. COMPANY.
Mr. DODD, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported back, with several
amendments, and with a recommendation that it
do pays, an act (S. No. 516) to incorporate the
Washington Paper Mill Company; winch was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and thu bill and amendments
ordered to be pruned.
!\1 r. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill Has referred, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; winch
latter motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, from the
Committee for the District of Columbia, reported
back a bill (II. II No. 784) to incorporate an in-
surance company in the city of Washington, and
asked that it be put upon its passage.
The bill declares Silas II. Hill and others, and
theirassociatesand successors, a body-politic and
corporate under the title of the Washington In-
surance Company, on certain terms and condi-
tions.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker,
I have no possible interest in this bill. 1 am not
personally acquainted with a single individual
whoso name is mentioned in it. I am in favor of
the hill because it is right and just to those who
desire its postage. I am sure that no bill has ever
been presented to Congress betterguarded for the
protection of the public interests than this one.
While 1 am opposed to monopolies and corpora-
tions, yet, sir, when I see corporations in this
city and in every State in this union for the pro-
motion of the commercial interest,/uid corpora-
tions to protect against loss and casualties!, con-
taining h-ss stringent provisions for indemnity to
the public, I should feel that I was acting the part
of a partial legislator to withhold my aid in the
passage of this bill. Sir, the citizens of this Dis-
trict are peculiarly situated to a great degree;
they are disfranchised; they are dependent upon
Congress for their general and loeal legiblution;
they look to us as the people of the States look
to their respective State Legislatures for aid and
protection. Hut, sir, m this bill, no aid, no pro-
tection is asked; they only ask that they may be
created a body-politic, and be authorized to sue
and be sued, and implead and be impleaded; to
have a common seal; that they may be the better
enabled to do that to serve the interests of the
public than could be done without this legislation.
Mr. Speaker, I appeal to members upon this
floor that we permit none of those little prejudices
that I sometimes hare heard expressed against
the citizens of the District to influence us; Jet us
do justice to the citizens of the District; let us do
right as well to the citizens of the District as of
the Slates. For the purposes of legislation they
are our o-mstkuents; let us sec, therefore, that
ther* b<* ,u> discrimination between them and
others horn we represent.
I iiuVi! not a single feeling in my bosom that
would not urge me to resptsM to erety demand of
the citizens of the District for reasonable and
legitimate legislation.
The citizens of this District are entitled to obtr
aid, as their legislators, as well as others; and «;i
one I am unwilling to withhold it when they as& -
for no violation of principle.
Mr. Speaker, in this bill they desire nothing
but the ordinary legislation that has been granted
to others; and if, in obtaining a request so rea-
sonable and just, their interest shall be promoted,
I for one shall feel proud that I have been instru-
mental (at the sacrifice of no principle) in doing
all that 1 have voluntarily done—their interest
has been protected and their prosperity promoted.
I demand the previous question.
Mr. LETCHER. Will my friend from Mis-
sissippi allow n;e to submit a motion to strike
out the fifth section of this bill before he moves
the previous question?
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I cannot
yield.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. LETCHER. I now propofe6 to Strike $ut
tlgrfifth section of the bill.
The section was read. It enacts that the mem"*-
hers of the company shall not be liable for nay
loss, damage, or responsibility arising from any
contract for insurance other than thes property
which they have in the capital or funds of the
company, to the amonntoPthe shares respectively
held by them.
Mr. LETCHER. My reason for moving: to
strike out that section is, that I want all parties
interested in corporations,and who go into them
for the purpose of making money—as they all
do—to be made personally liable m everything
they have.
Mr, BENNETT, of Mississippi. The stock-
holders are made individually responsible for all
losses.
Mr. LETCHER. To the amount of their
stock ?
Mr. UENNETT, of Mississippi. No, sir; to
the extent of the indebtedness.
Ml*. LETCHER. Will my friend point out
that part of the bill ?
Mr. DENNETT, of Mississippi. The last
section of the bill. #
The seventeenth section was read. It enacts
that the members of said corporation shall each
be liable,in his or her individual capacity, for all
debts created by such corporation in favor of per-
sons not members thereof.
Mr. LETCHER. If that be so I 'withdraw
rriyamendmcrit,
"Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to amend
the seventeenth section just read by adding the
following words:
—to be recovered by action of debt in any court having
juri.-diction.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, demanded
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. .Tonls, of Tennessee; and it was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was read the third tune, and passed.
Mr, 13KNNETT, of "Mississippi, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-f
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act for the relief of Captain Thomas Dun-
can, of the United States Army;
An act for the relief of Ransdell Pegg; and
An act to authorize the Presidentof the United
States to cause to be procured, by purchase or
otherwise, a suitable steamer ftsa revenue cutter.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the- Senate, by
Asbury Dickiks, its Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed an act (U. R.
No. 590) for the relief of the heirs or legal rep-
resentatives ttf Jfeifetttiah Bryan.
