mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3.
BILLS REPORTED AND REFERRED.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, reported back
Senate bill (No. 291) to provide for improving the
harbor of Georgetown, District of Columbia, with
the recommendation that it do pass; which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, a bill for the
purchase of a site, and the erection of a building
for the use of Hook and Ladder Company No. 2,
of Washington city; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. WOODWORTH, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, made an adverse report
on the memorial of workmen on the Capitol ex-
tension, asking for an increase of the rates of
compensation; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
JUDGES OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. WOODWORTH also, from the same cojjp-
mittee, reported back Senate bill (No. 93) to in-
crease the salaries of the judges of the circuit and
criminal courts of the District of Columbia, and
for other purposes, with the recommendation that
it do pass.
The bill provides that the salary of the chief
justice of the circuit court of the United States
for the District of Columbia shall be $3,750 per
annum, and the salaries of the associate judges
and judge of the criminal court of the District
$3,500 per annum, to be paid quarterly; that the
salary of the judge of the orphans' court of the
District of Columbia shall hereafter be $2,500 per
annum, payable quarterly; and it also provides
that so much of the third section of the act of
July 7,1838, entitled " An act to establish a crim-
inal court in the District of Columbia," as re-
quires (ho clerk of the circuit court to attend the
criminal court, and peiform the dunes required
of him by law in (elation to criminal proceedings,
shill be repealed; and that the judge of the Crim-
inal court shall he authoiized to appoint a clerk
to the criminal court, who shall perform the duties
now performed by the clefk of the circuit court,
and shall receive the same fees and compensation
therefor; and the books, papers, and records of
the criminal court, now in the custody of the
clerk of the circuit court, shall be by him trans-
ferred to the custody of the clerk of the criminal
court authorized to be appointed.
Mr. WOODWORTH demanded the previous
question.
Mr. WASHKURNE, of Illinois. I would
request my colleague to state to the House how
these salaries compare with those of the judges
of the United States courts in the different States.
I see that it is provided by this bill that the sal-
aries of the chief justice of the circuit court for
the District of Columbia shall be hereafter $3,750
per annum. Now, the judge of the United States
court for Ihe northern district of Illinois, including
Chicago, who is compelled to hold court there
almost every day of the year, has a salary of
only $2,500 per annum, I am in favor of liberal
and proper salaries for public officers, but I do
pot want to see unjust discriminations. I am
inclined to^be liberal in this respect of salaries;
hut, Mr. Speaker, I do wish to see something
like equality in the salaries to be paid to these
judges of the United States courts. There cer-
tainly can be no propriety in increasing the sai-
aiies of judges hero to a much larger amount
t han other judges of the same courts have in the
States, who have much more business to do.
Mr. WOODWORTH. lam aware that many
judges of the United States courts in many parts
of the Union are inadequately remunerated for
their services: but i do not conceive this to be a
suiljcieiu leason why we should withhold reason-
able compensation from the judges provided for
by the pending bill. / think the compensation j
provided by it is not more than is necessary for \
a liberal support of the officers named.
Mr. GALLOWAY. How much is the pro-
posed increase?
Mr. WOOD WORTH. The increase is SI,000
per annum on the present salary of each officer.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. What will be the in-
creased cost to the Government growing out of the
: establishment of the additional clerkship for the
criminal court of this District?
Mr. WOODWORTH. I am not informed in
regard to the compensation of the clerk, I im-
agine it is to be no more than is paid for the dis-
charge of the clerical duties of that court at the
present time.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I regard the bill as one
of much importance and deserving of investi-
gation, and therefore move its reference to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
the previous question being called.
Mr. GREENWOOD. 1 understood the gen-
tleman from Kentucky to inquire what would be
the increased cost to the Government consequent
on the establishment of this additional clerkship.
There will be, as I understand, no additional cost
to the Government. It is a separation of the
offices. The clerk for the criminal court will re-
ceive the same fees, &c., that are now received by
the otherclerk.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I understand that the
bill provides for an appropriation, and I submit
the point of order, whether, under the rule of the
House, the hill must not have its first considera-
tion in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the bill does not make an appropriation.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the bill be laid
on the table; and on that motion call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I discover that the op-
position to this bill is mainly founded on the first
and second* sections, which increase the salaries
of the judges. I appeal to the gentleman to with-
draw the motion to lay on the table, and let the
first and second sections be stricken out; for it
must be concedod on all sides that the third sec-
tion, providing for a clerk to the criminal court,
should be passed. If the gentleman declines to
withdraw his motion, 1 trust that the House will
vote it down.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I appeal to
the gentleman from Ohio to withdraw his motion
to lay on the table, and let this bill be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. STANTON. In my judgment, these offi-
cers receive at present sufficient salaries; and
besides, we are degrading the State courts every-
where by so largely increasing the salaries of
judges in this District.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Movers. Akers, Albright, Allison, Baibour, Bing-
ham. Uhs<, Bocock. Bradshaw, Branch, Brenton, Buffinton,
James II. Campbell, Clingman, Colfax, Cmnins, Covode,
Cox, ('raw-ford, Damrell, Dean, DowdeU,I)uriee, Edmund-
son, Rmnc, Flakier, Foster, Galloway, Garnett, Granger,
Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Hodges, Hollow-ay, Houston,
Geoige IV. Jones, J. Giancy Jones, Kcliy, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Knox, Loiter, Letcher, Killum Miller, Miliuatd,
Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Munay, Norton, Perry, PetUt, Pike,
Powell, Piiugk, Unttman, Bobbins, Roberts, Rufhn, Sase,
Sapp, Scott, tilieiman, nhortet, Simmons, Spinner, Stan-
ton, Sfranahan, Tappan, Thurston, Underwood, Vail,
Wade, Wakeman, Walhndge, Waldron, Cadvvaladcr C.
Washburne, "VVatson, Welch, Woodruff, John V. Wright,
and Zolhcotler—83.
NAYS—Me>?rs. Aiken, Ball, Baiksdale, Bell, Hendley
S. Bennett, Bowie, Boyee, Bioom, Cailile, Howell Cobb,
Williamson K. W. Cobb, Davidson, Jacob C. Davn, Den-
ver, Dick, Dickson, Eustis, Evan-*, Faulkner, Florence,
Thomas J. 1). 1'nller, Goode, Greenwood, J. Morrison Har-
!!•?, Sampson W. Ham.-, Harrison, Haven, Heiocrt, Valen-
tino B. Hoiton, Kent, kunkel, Lake, Humphrey Maic-hall,
Maxwell, McMnilm, McQueen. Smith Miller, Motderai
Oliver, Packer, Paiue, Phelps. Purviance, Ready, lUcaud,
Salmi, Sandalye. Savnye. Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
Wnlhiin R. Smith. Stephens, Stewart, Taibott, Todd,
Trippe, Valk, Walker, Elhiiu B. Wasiiburnc, Watkins,
Wells, Wneeler, and \Voodwort!^—6:2.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. STANTON moved that, the vote by which ;
the bill was laid upon the table be reconsidered; '
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be i
laid upon the table.
The House was divided; and there were—ayes '
68, noes 37.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WHEELER called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Rocock and
Albright were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 74, noes 48.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
INSTITUTION FOR THE INSANE.
Mr. GOODE, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported back, with a recom-
mendation thatit do pass, an act (S. No. 487) sup-
plementary to " An ac4 to organize an institution
for the insane of the Army and Navy of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, in said District, approved March
3, I855,,5and moved the previous question upon it.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. PHELPS. I desired to offer an amend-
ment before the previous question was sustained.
It seems to me there is too great power given to
magistrates to send persons to the asylum without
any inquisition of insanity.
Mr. GOODE. The bill requires that there shall
be the certificate of two practicing physicians
of the District, and also of two respectable free-
holders, certified by a judge or justice.
Mr. STEPHENS. The provision refers only
to the admissibility to the asylum.
Mr. PHELPS. Well, let the section be read.
That will show.
The second section was read, as follows:
Sr:c. '2. Jind be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Interior shall have power to grant his order for the ad-
mission into the Government hospital for the insane, any
insane person unable to support himself and family, (orhim-
he have no l'annly,) under the visitation of insanity,
who resided in the District at the time he became insane,
and who is not charged with any breach of the peace, upon
the certificate or any judge of the circuit or criminal court,
or any justice of the pcacc of the DKtnct, staling that two
respectable physicians appeared before said judge or justice,
and certified undei oath, and under theii hands, that they
knew the party alleged to be insane, and that they believed
lurn to be a lit subject for treatment in such hospital; also
stating that two respectable householders, residents of the
District, appeared betore him, and certified under oath,and
under their hands, that they knew the party alleged to be
insane and indigent, that he or she was a resident of the
District at the time he or she was seized with the mental
disorder under which he then labored, and that he was
unable to pay his board and other expenses therein ; and the
certificate of such physicians, and the certificate of such
householders, shall accompany the certificate of such judge
or justice. The application of the Secretary of the Interior
foi hi s order fm the admission of said indigent insane person
into the said hospital, must he made within five days after
the examination of the witnesses before the said judge or
justice of the pcacc, before such proceedings shall be had
before such judge or justice.
Mr. PHELPS. I perceive that the section
does not make it compulsory upon the superin-
tendent of the hospital to receive an individual
when so certified. I still have some objection to
the section.
Mr. STEPHENS. The whole object of the
section is to guard the institution against imposi-
tion.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. GOODE moved that the vote by which the
bill was ordered to be read a third time be recon-
sidered; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. GOODE moved that the vote by which the
bill was passed be reconsidered; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act for
the relief of the heirs and legal representatives
of Jeremiah Bryan; when the Speaker signed the
same. * %
INSTITUTION FOR DEAF, DUMB, AND BLIND.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, reported and
asked to have put upon its passage, a bill to in-
corporate the Columbia Institution for the instruc-
tion of the deaf and dumb and blind.
Mr. GOODE. I feel bound to ask that that
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the stat.e of the Union.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I hope it will
not be. 1 hope the House will pass it now.
The bill was read. It creates Byron Sunder-
land and others, and such persons as may be
associated with them by contributions for the
