•;.- THE? OFPIGm^ fSOCEEDINGS OF GONGRp|| PUBLISHED BY JOHN C, RIVES,: 'W4SBiKGTp^II)./0.
Thirty-Fourth Cong-ress, 3d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1857.
instruction of the deaf and dumb and the blind, a
body politic and corporate under the name of the
Columbia Institution for the instruction of the
deaf, dumb, and the blind.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, called the previ-
ous question on ordering the bill to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. GOODE. I beg the Speaker to recollect
that I moved to refer the bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-i
finia proposed a question of reference; but the'
ill had not been read to the House.
Mr. GOODE. I considered that motion as the
pending question. The bill was read to enable the
House to decide on the propriety of referring it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it was
not competent to receive a motion to refer at that
time.
Mr. SMITH,of Virginia, asked that the fourth
section of the bill be again read.
The fourth section was read. It enacts, that
whenever the Secretary of the Interior shall be
satisfied, by evidence produced by the president
of the institution, that any deaf and dumb or
blind person, of teachable age, properly belonging
to the District of Columbia,is in indigent circum-
stances, and cannot command the means to secure
education, it shall be his duty to authorize said
person to enter such institution for instruction,
and to pay for him at the rate of £150 per annum
if deaf and dumb, and at the same rate if blind,
out of the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is not that making
an appropriation ?
The SPEAKER. There is no money appro-
priated, as the Chair understands, by that section.
Mr. LETCHER. Suppose that bill pass, and
that these parties are admitted to the hospital:
will they not, under the terms of this bill, have
to be paid for at the rate of $150 for each ?
The SPEAKER. Yes, if there should be
njoney appropriated for that purpose. But this
1^-w does not provide the fund out of which it is
to be paid, nor does it refer to any such fund.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
.the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
• Mr. GOODE asked the yeas and nays on its
passage.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question, was taken; and the bill was
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
METROPOLITAN MECHANICS
INSTITUTE.
Mr. TRAFTON, from the Committee for the
reported back, with an
f>ietrict of Columbia,    ,  
• amendment, and with a recommendation that it
do pass, a. bill (S. No. 498) incorporating the
- Metropolitan Mechanics5 Institute for the promo-
tion of manufactures,commerce, and the mechanic
arts, and asked that it be put upon its passage.
" ; The bill enacts that the members of the Metro-
politan Mechanics' Institute, for the promotion
of manufactures, commerce, and the mechanic
arts, and all those wholig hereafter become
members, shall be in doomed and created a
. body-politic, by the name, style, and title of the
- "Metropolitan Mechanics' Institute;" and by
^tbat name shall have succession, and be able and
r ^apable in law to sue and be sued, to plead and be
- impleaded, in any court of record or elsewhere;
tb make, have, and use a common seal, and the
1 fitame at pleasure to alter or renew; to receive
, -donations, gifts, grants, devises, and bequests, or
other conveyances of money, goods, chattels,
- effects, lands, tenements,, and estates, real and
personal, and the same to hold, use, sell, or other-
wise dispose of and convey, and generally to do
. ail such acts, matters, and things as are necessary
to carry into full eifect the objects of the corpora-
36
tion, provided the property owned by the corpo-
ration shall not exceed in value $200,000,
The bill was reported back with the following
amendment:
Strike out the words in the seventh section, "imirefor
thirty years, ami until revoked by Congress," and insert in
lieu thereof the words, •< continue for twenty j'ears;" so
that it will read :
Sac. 7. Jind be it further enacted, That the said act of
incorporation shall continue for twenty years, and that Con-
gress reserves to itself the right to amend or repeal the same
at pleasure.
J Mr. TRAFTON called the previous question.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. WASH BURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole
011 the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
CIRCUIT COURT OF DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. DODD. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The nation was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Stephens in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
business for the District of Columbia, the first
bill on the Calendar being an act (S. No. 129) for
regulating the terms of the circuit court of the
District of Columbia, and for other purposes.
The bill enacts that the circuit court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia shall have power, by rule of
court, to regulate the periods of holding the terms
of the court, and to fix the number of such terms,
and the same to alter, as public convenience may
require; provided, that at least three terms shall
be held annually. And all suits, or actions at
law, shall stand for judgment or trial at the term
next after that to which process shall be returned
executed, unless good cause for further contin-
uance be shown.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I offer the following
amendment us an additional section:
Sf.c. 2. Jltul Ic it further enm-ted, That ro much of tile
third section of the act "f 7th of July, 1B118, entitled '< An
aei to establish a ci iminal coutt in ttic JJistriet of Colum-
as requiies tlie clei k of the circuit court to attend tile
said criminal court, and perform the dunes: recoiled of liim
l>y law, in relation to ciimina! proeeedin/j-s, he, and the
same (.< hereby, repealed ; and that flic jildpr of the :;ml
criminal comi shall lie, and he is hereby, authorized to
appoint a clerk to the haul couit, who shall perioral the
dunes now performed by the cleik of [he circuit, court, and
shall receive the tame t'ciM and eoiripcnsauon theieior;
and the book-1, papers, and recoids of tile said criminal
court, now in the custody ot the clerk of the circuit court,
shall bo by hun transfericd to the custody of the clerk of
the ciunmal court heieby authorized to he, appointed.
Mr. Chairman, this proposition was before the
Committee on the Judiciary at the last session
of Congress.
Mr. WAICEMAN. One of the members of
the bar of this city called on me, and requested
that this amendment should be placed on this
bill. A conversation occurred between two or
three members of the committee, but 1 do net
know that any official action of the Committee
on the Judiciary was taken on the amendment.
Mr. GREEN WOOD. I do not know whether
this proposilion came to the knowledge of the
gentleman or not. It is clearly right in itself. It
was a portion of a bill laid on the table in the
House during the morning. I understand that
interminable difficulties and confusion have grown
up under the existing law so far as these clerical
duties are concerned; and public justice demands
that the act of 1838 should bo so changed as to
authorize the judge of the criminal court of this
District to appoint his own clerk, whose duty it
shall be to attend and take charge of all papers
relating to criminal affairs in this District, There
is to result no increase of expense to the Gov-
ernment.
The clerk of the criminal court is to receive
the fees, &c., now paid in the proceedings in that
court. I can see no objection to the proposition;
and I am surprised that the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wakeman] should interpose objection
to it, or seem to do so. The gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] on whose motion the other
bill was laid on the table in the House, did not,
as I understand, make that motion witlv a view
to defeat this portion of the bill. He had no ob-
jection to this section; his objection was to the
increase of the judges' salaries. I deem the
proposition so just in itself as to require no fur-
ther explanation. There is no increase of com-
pensation—no additional expense to the Govern-
ment. Instead of the clerk of the circuit court
being authorized to continue in the discharge of
the clerical duties of the criminal court, it pro-
vides that the judge of the criminal court shall
appoint his own clerk. This is the proposition:
nothing more, nothing less.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. Chairman, I am
by no means connected with the business of the
Committee for the District of Columbia, nor do I
know a great^ipal of the courts of this District
and the dutie^of their officers, and perhaps I
would not have said a word at this time if there
had not escaped casually from the gentleman from
Arkansas the observation that the business under
the charge of the present clerk of the circuit
and criminal courts, a very respectable and esti-
mable officer, has become confused, and been
thrown into great disorder. I do not understand
that such is the case; but that, on the contrary,
he lias discharged the duties imposed on him with
great faithfulness and promptitude.
I understand the gentleman to say, that his
proposition does not involve the creation of any
new office, nor the expenditure of any additional
sum of money. HeujJ apprehend the gentleman
is again n\istaken. The proposition, as I take it,
does create a new office; one to discharge the
clerical duties for the criminal court now dis-
charged by the clerk of the circuit court.
Mr. GREENWOOD. So for as my remarks
are concerned, I only intended to refer to the ques-
tion of additional expense by the authority given
to the judge of the criminal court to appoint his
own clerk. My proposition, if adopted, would of
course create a new office; but I think it only
just that the judge of the criminal court should
select his own clerk. As to the fidelity of the
present clerk I have only to say, that 1 am in-
formed that the business of the office is in great
confusion.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I apprehend, if there
is confusion, that it results from no fault of the
present cleik; but, Mr. Chairman, I imagine, if
Ihe gentleman will look into the facts of the case,
he will find that there exists no such confusion
as he speaks of. 1 cannot pretend to say what
motive induced gentlemen to vote to lay the bill,
of which this amendment was a part, on the
table; but the bill was an entirety, and this amend-
ment came within the scope and range of the
consideration of the House, and I trust that this
amendment will now be again rejected. A new
office is to be created, for which there are to be
new emoluments; and this, too, when the duties
to be discharged are now faithfully and promptly
discharged without any new office or additional
emoluments.
Mr. 'GREENWOOD. Does the gentleman
know the emoluments of the present clerk?
Mr UNDERWOOD. I understand there is a
limitation to his emoluments; that for discharging
the duties of clerk to both the circuit and crim-
inal courts he is restricted to the sum of $3,500
per annum. '  
Mr. GREENWOOD. Such is not my under-
standing. As I am informed, he gets about
$12,000 a year.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am not familiar with
the subject; and I have only given my under-
standing of .it.;• ~
