tsm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
563
trary, I think we here repudiate constantly the
principle upon which this bill rests; and were we
to attempt to legislate upon the idea which lies
at the foundation of this case, we should have a
bankrupt Treasury very soon. Establish the
principle that a captain of your topograhical en-
gineers, or any other person who is put in charge
of a Government work, may, on account of the
condition of the season, or any other emergency
which might present itself, consult his own judg-
ment, or, if you choose, the judgment of the head
of a Department, and go to the Corporation of
Georgetown or Alexandria, or to any bank in the
conn try, and borrow money ad libilum, and appro-
priating it u pon the work which he has in charge,
claim to hold the Government bound in honor to
        ..  _Q. pay it—I say if you establish that principle, you
the whole community is benefited. The moncii will have no Treasury, and you will need no tariff
dred dollars of the $3 5,000 was used in the recon-
struction of the superstructure, and the remaining
§1,200 devoted to part payment of the loan from
the Corporation of Georgetown, leaving #4,600
still due. There was an appropriation made since
then of $75,000; but if there had been $500,000
appropriated since then, it matters not, so far as
this debt is concerned.
No matter what was the subsequent action of
Congress, Georgetown is not responsible for it;
nor is the equity of her claim to this money in any
way damaged by any subsequent action of Con-
gress. That claim rests on a contract made by
the officers of this Government, by which money
was advanced by the Corporation of Georgetown
to prevent serious loss to the Government and
facilitate the construction of a bridge by which
was loaned, went into the hands of the Govern-
ment officers, and was expended by them for pur-
poses which are now the source of great benefit
to the public. The act of the Almighty destroyed
the bridge—must Georgetown lose this money
because of this act of Providence?
Mr. FAULKNER, i understand that this
$5,800 was borrowed to be refunded to the city of
Georgetown outof the subsequentappropriations.
I ask my colleague to explain why, as there was
an appropriation made afterwards of §75,000, this
money was not refunded to Georgetown out of
that appropriation ?
Mr. GOODS. The appropriation of $75,000 j
"was not the appropriation on which the Corpora-
tion of Georgetown had a lien; it was on that of
3854, out of which this $5,800 was to be refunded.
"Why it was not done, I have explained already.
The appropriation of $?5,000, too, was for the
completion of a different structure. It will be
remembered by the members of this House that
the county undertook to put an iron bridge over
this point, which from H,ome mishap fell, and
broke to pieces, and we had to go over the whole
work again. 1 venture my life, if the piecise
circumstances in which this Government stands
to this transaction should attach to my honorable
colleague, or to the honorable gentleman from the
State of Kentucky, neither of them would hesitate
half a second in paying the debt.
Mr. FAULKNER. I wish to ask my col-
league another question. I am, of course, in
favorof this appropriation, so far as the bridge is
concerned, for it leads to my own district; but I
ask for information. Has the committee in-
quired as to the expenditure of this $75,000?
Mr. GOODE. We had nothing to do with it.
Mr. FAULKNER. The $75,000 was appro-
priated for the construction of a bridge over the
same piers and upon the same foundation. Did
it require the $75,000 to build it?
Mr. GOODE. It did. You owe the debt justly,
and it ought to be paid.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
says this is a debt we owe. I ask him if there
"was any authority or any law authorizing any
person to boriow money from the corporate au-
thorities of Georgetown, and to bind this Gov-
ernment to pay it? Was there any authority to
execute a mortgage upon the public faith of the
Government for its payment ?
revision in order to get rid of your surplus money.
| That principle is constantly rejected. You must
! exhibit an authority to draw the money; and if a
| public agent draws money, and expends it upon a
| private contract between him and any other party,
' that agent becomes responsible to the party with
whom he contracts. Though I do not care a cent
whether this money is paid or not, so far as
Georgetown is concerned, yet I object to this
being made a precedent in the legislation of the
country, to he followed m future cases.
Mr. GOODE. 1 would rather have an empty
Treasury with debts paid, than a full Treasury
and debts not paid.
Mr. WALURIDGE. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. fc^LITII, of Virginia. I think that a brief
statement will satisfy the committee that this bill
is light, and oujjht to be paused. A few years
a£0 the federal Govet nmeut assumed the obliga-
tion of keeping up this bridge. In pursuance of
thatobligation they have appropriated once, twice,
and three times, since they assumed it. This
money which is now asked for is to repay that
which has been expended in the execution of that
undertaking, and why should the Government not
pay it?
Mr. KENNETT. I would ask the gentleman
from Virginia, whether the last appropriation is
exhausted ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It is neaily ex-
hausted.
Mr. STANTON. This thing was wrong in its
origin. This House had no business to appro-
priate thirty or a hundred thousand dollars for the
purpose of building a bridge across the Potomac,
because it is a local improvement for the benefit
of the people of this District; the expenses of
which, m all conscience and fairness, those bene-
fited ought to pay out of their own money, Noi
is it made right by the fact that the head of one of
the Departments, without authority of law, has
assumed the responsibility of borrowing money
for the completion of that woi k. Whatever might
have been my hostility to this appropriation in
us origin, it is increased a hundred times by the
fact that a paity hero, after the disbursement of
the appropriation made, has undertaken to ex- j
coed the authority of law, and boriow money [
upon the ciedit of the Government for the pur- j
Mr. GOODE. If there were a law the debt ii pose of completing tins work. I hold that, who-
' I soever undertakes to pledge the public faith, !
i without authority of law, for money borrowed j
I for public uses, should receive the stern rebuke '
• of Congress for a usurpation of power.
Mr. SMI TH, of Virginia. I would remind
could be claimed under the law. It is true that
there would have to be a special appropriation.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Did we not get the
money and use it?
Mr. GOODE. We did get the money, and used
it for purposes which we had undertaken, and it :j the gentleman that there is no evidence that the
has gone to the use of the pubhe. " '  
I move that the bill be laid aside to be reported
to the House, with the recommendation that it do
pass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And I suppose
that if fifty or a hundred thousand dollars had
been borrowed, there would have been the same
obligation upon us to pay it ? I do not think there
was any authority to borrow this money.
Mr. l~i. M-ARSHALL. I dean-*1 to make one
Remark, in order to satisfy the gentlemen upon
the District Committee that my suggestion in
Secretaiy of the Intcnor authorized the borrow-
ing of tins amount.
Mr. STANTON. I understood the gentleman 'a
colleague to place the case upon the ground that j
the faith of the Government was pledged by the
promise of one of its employes—I think the Secre-
tary of the Interior-—that it was an honest and
just debt which we could not in honor repudiate.
When the question is placed upon that ground I
hold, for the sake of the precedent, and for its
influence upon the future agents of the Govern-
ment, that this House ought sternly to reject an
was
regard to this bill did not proceed from hostility ;! application based upon any such ground, it
to it, nor from any indisposition to see the $4,500 | wjong in its origin, and is wrong m principle.
Eaid. I think the gentleman from Virginia, when ,j Mr. SIMMONS. Will the gentleman tell
e talks about this as adebt due by this Govern- .! whether the city of Georgetown was not, upon
-ment, and as a thing which wte are bound, in foro j! his own principle, liable to pay the whole of this ?
eomcienti&jt&p&y, commits an error. On the con-:l Mr. STANTON; I never could appreciate
the principle upon which the local municipal
expenses of the people of the District of Colum-
bia and the adjoining State of Virginia should be
defrayed out of the national Treasury. I cannot
understand why it is that the people here should
not make their own bridges and light their own
streets at their own expense just as much as the
people of the State of Ohio, or any city, town,
or village in it. I do not care whether the Cor-
poration of Georgetown was bound to make that
bridge or not; but I hold that the communities
for whose benefit the bridge was built, the people
of the District and the people of the adjoining
State of Virginia, whose business calls them to
cross and recross the Potomac, are bound in all
honesty and good faith to make it. The national
Treasury cannot be justly made responsible for
it.
So I hold that the original appropriation was
wrong; and if any agent of the Government, at
a time when that appropriation was exhausted,
when nobody authorized him to expend another
dollar on the faith of the Republic, undertook to
raise money on the public credit, that attempt
ought to be repudiated, for the sake of example,
and of its effect on the future.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Do I understand
that this money was borrowed on the authority,
or under the direction of the Secretary of tne
Interior? That officer is one of the most cautious
and prudent in the employment of the Govern-
ment, and I can hardly believe that he would be
guilty of sucl^i. violation of law. I want to know
what he did.
Mr. GOODE. I am not now going to under-
take to explain the conduct of the Secretary of
the Interior, as 1 am anxious to have a vote on
this bill. TheSecretary of the Interior did assent
to that arrangement, but not officially.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 ask the gentle-
man from Virginia if he has any letter or any
document to show that?
Mr. GOODE. I have.
Mr. JONES, of*Tennessee. From the Secre-
tary of the Interior?
Mr. GOODE. Yes.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then read it, or
have it read, if you please, t want to have the
whole question out.
Mr. GOODE. No, sir; what I say to this
House is true.
Mr. JONES, of Tennesuee, I have no doubt
of it.
Mr. GOODE. And I will risk it on my own
evidence and my own assertion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I want that rec-
ommendation to go on the record, to show that
this officer did such an act.
Mr. GOODE. I will say this: that the Secre-
tary of the Interior assented to the hypothecation
of the stock engaged in the construction of the
work; that he, as an individual, assented to the
transaction is undoubted. The Secretary of the
Interior says, in his communication, that he did
not give his official sanction, but that his repre-
sentative, Captain Thorn, proceeded with his
cognizance of the transaction. I will state that,
and have the evidence of it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, then, Mr.
Chairman, with the permission of the gentleman,
I would say that that makes it a private debt ©f
the Secretary 
Mr. GOODE, (interrupting.) And would you
lot him pay it ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. No, sir. I will
not stay the payment of a contract debt.
Mr. GOODE. No, sir; and this House will
make the Government pay it.
Mr. FLORENCE. It seems to me that in
this dispute we have lost sight of the kernel of
the thing, although it is Colonel Thorn. [Laugh-
ter.] I trust this appropriation will be made, for
the reason that, if this precaution had not been
taken, the Government would, under the circum-
stances, as I understand them, have lost $25,000
to ^30,000 worth of property. Then having en-
tered into the contract—having taken on ouiselves
the buildfrig of these bridges and the lighting of
the streets, the Government is bound, in my
judgment, to pay it, however much the gentleman
from Ohio doubts the propriety thereof.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is th©
nature of the obligatioa?
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not care to dir-cusa
