564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
the obligation [laughter] further than to say that
the property of the Government, to the amount
of $95,000 or 830,000, was in danger, by an act
of Providence, of being swept away, and this
course saved it. That fact justified it.
Mr. MORGAN called for tellers on ordering
the bill to be laid aside to be reported to the House,
with a recommendation that it do pass.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence
and Simmons were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 74, noes 47.
So the bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. SAPP moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Stephens reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the special order, bein^ the business of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and had directed him to report
back two bilis, one with an amendment and one
without an amendment, and with the recommend-
ation that they do pass.
The House proceeded to consider the said bills.
An act (S. No. 129) for regulating the terms of
the-circuit court of the District of Columbia, and
for other purposes. Reported without amend-
ment.
# Mr. STEPHENS called for the previous ques-
tion. ~
The previous question was s^cftded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
A bill (H. R. No. 546) to reimburse the Cor-
poration of Georgetown, m the District of Co-
lumbia, a sum of money advanced towards the
conjunction of the Little Fulls bridge, reported
from the Committee of the Whole on til*; state
of the Union, with an amendment fixing the
amount of the appropriation at $1,600.
Mr. GOODE called for the previous qupytion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendment was concurred in.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. STANTON demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeus and nays were ordered.
And then, on motion of iVlr. BRANCH, the
House (at five minutes to four o'clock, p. m.)
adjourned until to-morrow.
IN SENATE. j
Wednesday, Fcbiuaiy 4, 3857. I
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen-P. Hill. !
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. ■
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the j
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, information in lelation to a survey of the
Niagara river; which, on motion of Mr. Sewakd,
■was referred to the Committee on Commerce, and ;
ordered to be printed. i
He also laid before the Senate a report of the 1
Secretary of State, communicating, in obedience !
to law, a statement of the commercial u-lation^ i
of the United States with foreign nations for the j
year ending September 30, 185G; which, on mo-
tion of Mr. Stuart, was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. j
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the ful- '
lowing enrolled bills:
An act for the relief of Jeremiah Bryan;
An act for the relief of Jtansdell Pegg; i
An act for the relief of Captam Thomas Dun-
can, United States Army; and j
An act to authorize the President of £he United 1
States to cause to be procured, by purchase or
otherwise, a suitable steamer as a revenue cutter.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. ALLEN presented the credentials of the
Hon. James F. Simmons, elected a Senator by the
Legislature 6f Rhode Island and Providence Plan-
tations, for the term of six years, from and after
the 4th day of March, 1857; which were read, and
ordered to be filed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of
David Ogden and others, praying that moneys
illegally exacted from the owners of ships or ves-
sels by the collectors of the customs, for con-
structive permits for the examination and landing
of the baggage ot passengers arriving in the United
States, may be refunded; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. TOUCEY presented the petition of R. C.
Cutter, Jacob Cutter, and Horatio Coffin, sureties
of C. W. Cutter,late Navy a^ent at Portsmouth,
New Hampshire, praying to be released from a
judgment obtained against them by the United
States, and that the amount paid by them on the
same may be refunded; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of F. S.
Myers, a justice of the peace for the county of
Washington, District of Columbia, piling that
the police magistrates and constables in that
county may be allowed lees in cases of misde-
meanor as well as in cases of felony; which was
referi ed to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. DIGLER presented a petition of citizens
of Erie, Pennsylvania, piayingthat an appropri-
ation may be made for the erection of a monument
to the memory of the late Commodore Oliver II.
Perry, for his distinguished navnl services; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WELLER presented the menSferial of
Henry L. Goodwin, praying that the rates of
postage to and from California may be reduced;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MALLORY presented the niemoiial of F.
McNerhany, naval storekeeper at the Washing-
ton navy-yard, praying to be allowed an increase
of compensation; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a resolution
of the Legislature of Iowa, against the extension
of Woodworth's patent for a planing machine;
which was refeircd to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Oilice.
lie also presented two petitions of citizens of
Iowa, piaying for the establishment of a mail
route from Fort Dodge, Iowa, to Mankato, in
Minnesota, and from Clear Lake City to Spirit
Lake, in Iowa; which weie referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERPvED.
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN, it was
Ouiocil, That the petition of tin1 executor of Duncan L.
h, on the lih;*s oi the isonato, be iciorrcd to the Court
ot' Cl.um-u
On motion of Mr. EVANS, if was
Ordered, That tho icpresentanve^ oi V iptrtin R. Haft-i^on,
of the Yuginia Continental line, have ]e;i\e to withdraw
then petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN, it was
Or'h-red, That Lieutenant John O. McTerran have leave
to witlulaiw Ins petition and papeis.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Anthony :
W. Bayard, praying for arrears of pension, sub- i
mitted an adveise report; which was ordered to ;
be punted. j
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Pen- >
sionsj, to whom was referred the petition of Philip j
Wilhoif, submitted an adverse report; which was j
ordered to be printed. 1
j He also, from the same committee, to whom •
was referred the petition of Michael Kinney, sub- '
nutted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 551) !
: for the relief ot Alichael Kinney, a private in com- :
pany I,eighth legimentUnited States Army. The
bill was n ad, and passed to a second reading; and
the lepoit was oidered to be piinted.
| He also, from the same committee, to whom
I was referred the petition of Jeremiah Pendergast,
j submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
i No. 552) for the relief of Jeremiah Pendergast,
of the District of Columbia. The bill was read,
1
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom were referred theamendments of
the House of Representatives to the bill of the
Senate (No. 190) relating to foreign coins and the
coinage of cents nt the Mint of the United States,
reported them with an amendment.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of the legal represemaiives of Charles Porterfield,
deceased, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 554) for their relief. The bill waa
read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, whom was referred the petition of
J. Willcox Jenkins, submitted a report, accom-
anied by a bill (S. No. 555) for his relief. The -
ill was read, and passed to a second reading;
fnd the report was ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, it was
Ordctcd, That the Committee on the Judiciary be dis-
charged from the further con&ideiation of the petition of
Piesentaeion M. De Ridley, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary be dis-
chaiyed trom Has fuither con«idciation of the bill (S. No.
511) vupplemt'iital to an act entitled " An act to ascertain
and settle the private hind claims in the State of California,"
approved Mai eh 3,1831. and that it be referred to the Com'
mittee on I'livate Land Claim's.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary be dis-
charged f«om tin; further consideration ot the bill (S. No.
434) to piovtdc! for the change of venue in ceitain criminal
cau^ca now depending in the couits of the United States
for the Teuitoiy or Kansas.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 784) to incorporate an insurance
company in the city of "Washington;
A bill (No. 806) to incorporate the Columbia
Institution for the instruction of the deaf and
dumb and blind; and
A bill (No. 708) to regulate the disbursement
of the contingent expenses of Congress.
Also, that the House of Representatives had
passed the following Senate bills:
An act (No. 129) for regulating the terms of
the circuit court of the District of Columbia, and
for other purposes;
An act (No. 325) to amend the charter of the
President and Directors of the Firemen's Insu-
rance Company of Washington and Georgetown,
m the District of Columbia, and
An act (No. 497) supplementary to "An act to
organize an institution for the insane of the Army
and Navy, and of the District of Columbia, in
said District," approved March 3, 1855.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
I scntatives were read twice, and referred as indi-
cated:
A bill (No. 400) to divide the State of Texas
into two judicial districts—to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
A bill (No. 806) to incorporate thp Columbia
Institution for the instruction of the deaf and
dumb—to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
A bill (No. 784) to incorporate an insurance
company in the city of Washington—to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
A bill (No. 708) to regulate the disbursement
of the contingent expqpses of Congress—to the
Committee on Finance.
PAY OF THE LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
Mr. WELLER. Iam instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred
the message of the President of the United States,
communicating the correspondence between the
[! Secretary of "War and Lieutenant General Scotfc^
;j to move that it be printed.
i Mr. CRITTENDEN. Is that the document
II which is desired to be printed?—[alluding to the
i! large mass'of papers on the Secretary's desk.] It
is quite evident, if that document is to be printed,
and passed to a second reading; and the report || that this call for information must altogether de-
was ordered to be printed, - II feat the bill to which it relates. It has been, I
