1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mr
done injustice to General Scott. In other words,
that bill is based on the idea that the executive
department of this Government was unwilling
to carry out in good faith the law which was
passed bestowing the brevet rank of lieutenant
general on General Scott. In order to examine
that question, a very large portion of this corre-
spondence is indispensably necessary. "We desire
to know on what ground the War Department
refused to carry out the alleged wishes of Con-
gress. This correspondence relates to that sub-
ject. It is true there are other matters mixed up
with it; but the Committee on Military Affairs
have concluded that it is due to both these gentle-
men—that it is due to the country that all the facts
connected with the matter should be disclosed.
The Senator from New York [Mr. Seward]
cays the correspondence is wholly unnecessary to
elucidate any bill which is pending before Con-
gress. There is a bill pending before the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs; and that committee
think, after examining this correspondence, that
it is necessary it should be printed, in order that
the facts may be understood. The Senator from
New York has never looked into the correspond-
' ence; he is not a member of the Military Com-
mittee; but he is willing to state his individual
opinion on a question about which he knows
nothing. That is a point for the Senate to decide.
If they have more confidence in the judgment of
the Senator from New York on a question into
which he has not looked, than in the judgment
of the Military Committee who have examined it,
let the Senate so decide. I shall not complain.
I have undertaken to say myself, that it is im-
possible to separate the public from the personal
questions discussed in this correspondence. That
cannot be done without doing injustice to both
gentlemen.
I am sure I have no feeling on the subject—no
prejudices surely against General Scott; but I
think it is due to the War Department, and due
perhaps to General Scott, that all this correspond-
ence should be disclosed. The difficulty grew
out of the construction of the law. A portion of
it is occupied in examining the question, whether
Congress intended, in conferring the title, to give
the pay of lieutenant general under the act of
1798. There are other questions discussed there
of great public importance. There are numerous
complaints made by General Scott against the
War Department in regard to its regulations,
which, in my judgment, it is necessary the Sen-
ate should comprehend. They may be compelled
to legislate upon these questions in order to avoid
difficulties with public officers hereafter.
I desire now tnat the Senate shall vote on this
question of printing; and when we report back
the House bill, then I shall be very glad to hear
the judgment of Senators on that portion of the
subject which has been discussed by the Senator
from Michigan. I hope that question will pass
over until then.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not desire to enter
into this debate now; I may have something to
say hereafter on the subject; but I wish at this
moment to correct an erroneous statement of the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuaiit.] He is
certainly mistaken. I have the Globe before me;
and my recollection of the debate on the subject
of the joint resolution conferring this brevet rank,
when it first occurred, was so vivid that I was
astonished to hear the statement made by the
honorable Senator from Michigan; and I wish
now to put that point right before the vote is
taken on printing. The Senator from Michigan
says that when the resolution in relation to the
brevet lieutenant generalship conferred on Gen-
eral Scott was originally before Congress, it was
said that it was to be an empty honor; that no
pay was to follow it, and that his friends put it
on that ground. I distinctly remembered that
that very subject of extra pay was before us at
the time, and it was stated by the friends of the
resolution that it would carry extra pay. I have
before me the 28th volume of the Congressional
Globe, part 1, and I find contained in it the facts
which I will state. Mr. Shields spoke in behalf
of the'resolution conferring the brevet lieutenant
generalship on General Scott, and was about
taking- his seat when this conversation occurred:
** Mr. Pettit. Before the Senator sits down, 1 wish to
ask him a question. 'Will this rank confer greater emolu-
ments or greater-pay on General Scott?
" Mr. Shields. I am free t9 say that it is my intention
and wish that it should.
" Mi. Pet-tit. That would be an inducement for me to
vote for it. But I wish to ask a further question.
"Mr. Shields. I wf.l reply to this first. That is a
matter within the discretion of the President of the United
States. No brevet confers pay of itself. It is merely
intended as a high honorary military compliment for gallant
servicesi But if the President of the United States assigns
a man to a command proportioned to his brevet rank, then
he is entitled to pay according to that rank, and in no other
case; so that it will depend upon the President of the
United States."
A little further, Mr. Shields said again:
" But, sir, as I remarked before, my hope is that General
Scott will, for the few short years he is to remain among
us, receive some additional compensation. I think he
deserves it, and ought to have it."
A little further, you, sir, [Mr. Mason,] in your
address to the Senate in support of the joint res-
olution, said:
"What, then, is it proposed to do? Simply to revive,
by brevet, an office winch once existed. Whether it will
or will not cairv with it additional emolument; I do not
know, and should not inquue. I hope Jt may carry some
additional emolument, because that man who commands
the army—who is obliged, liom the necessity of Jus position,
to consider himself the representative of the Army at home
and abioad.has expenses necessarily devolved upon him
which he ought to have the means of discharging."
Again, sir, the honorable Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Douglas,] 111 opposing the proposed brevet
rank on the ground that it was a rank which it
was against the policy of our institutions, and
possibly against the Constitution, to confer, said:
u It has been intimated that the object is to increase the
emoluments that should be ouioycd by General Scott "
His friends put it on the ground that it would
not only add to his rank, but increase his emolu-
ments; and then the Senator from Illinois said:
"If the Committee on Mthtaiy Affairs are of the opinion
that his pay as Geneial-m Chief of the A:my was not
enough in time of war, let them ieportab.ll, aiul I will vote
for the highest sum that they will propose."
Mr. Badger, in leplying to several Senators,
and particularly to the Senator from Illinois, said:
"My fi tend from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] say-? that he stands
prepared to give a vote ot thanks. That has been already
done, and certainly it would be in exceedingly had taste to
repeat the thanks which have beon once solemnly given by
the Congress of the United State*. lie says that hu stands
ready to vote him a swoid. A sword is not the appropriate
complimentary tribute to be given to one of his rank. He
bays that he is willing to vote him an increase of pay, bathe
is not willing to give the Piesidenl an oppoitunity to confer
upon him a Iteutenantgeneralship by brevet. Why not? Is
it anything in the world bm a distinction \\ itliout a differ-
ence? lie is willing to honoi General Scott, and the 4 brevet'
will honor him. lie is willing to increase his pay, and the
< bi evct>-mil increase it. lie is stiuck with this dilliculty,
that if we establish the principle that cvciy oflicer who doe*
his duty is to receive a 'brevet,' we shall find ourselves
inconveniently situated, because we shall want ran kg m the
Army to supply the demands made on us for this coinpli-
mentaiy distinction.'5
So then, sir, it will be seen that the Senator from
Michigan is entirely mistaken when he says, that
at the period of the passage of this resolution, its
friends stated that it would confer no extra pay.
On the contrary, it was distinctly avowed that
such was the wish and intention of those who
supported the resolution; and I believe that a res-
olution with that express view would have met
the almost unanimous sanction of the Senate.
One other word, sir. It is said that the sub-
ject now before us is the passage of a law granting
additional compensation to General Scott—-that
the question is closed by executive action—and
that another law is required. I am not aware of
the precise terms of the joint resolution of the
House of Representatives; but I do not sounder-
stand it. 1 understand that the question before
us is to give the interpretation which we intended
should be given at the time we passed the joint
resolution conferring the brevet. But, sir, I do
not desire now to go into the merits of the sub-
ject. I will simply say, on the proposition to
print, that, not knowing at all what are the con-
tents of the papers, I feel myself constrained to
vote according to the recommendation of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, who say that the sub-
ject cannot be understood unless the whole corre-
spondence be printed. If the gallant general who
is now at the head of our Army has committed
himself by unfortunate expressions, I am sorry
for it. However, it is not my fault; and I do not
believe that an intemperate expression in corre-
spondence will have the slightestefFecton the luster
of his military fame, or the feelings of gratitude
with which his countrymen regard him. If the
distinguished Secretary of "War has been guilty of
like indiscretion, his merits also, as a public man,
are too well known forme to feel any apprehen-
sion as to the effect on his reputation. The coun-
try requires this information, and I anrwilling to
give it. " * *■ '
Mr. MASON, (Mr. Stuart occupying the
chair.) It is past one o'clock, the hour assigned
for the consideration of a special order of which
the Senate is aware, and I therefore move that
this subject be postponed until to-morrow, for the
purpose of going into executive session.
Mr. WELLER. I hope we shall be allowed
to take a vote on the question of printing. If the
document is to be printed, it ought to go to the
public printer at once.
Mr. MASON. If a vote can be taken now, I
shall not object; but if there is to be any farther
debate, I must insist on my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
The question is on the motion to print the docu-
ment, as recommended by the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to state one additional
fact; I do not desire to enter into an argument.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator will now
allow me to move that the further consideration
of this subject be postponed until to-morrow, for
the purpose which I have stated.
Mr. WELLER. I hope the Senatorfrom Vir-
ginia will allow a vote to be taken on the question
of printing. The Senator from Georgia desires
only to state one fact—not to argue the question.
Mr. MASON.* Other Senators doubtless will
go into the debate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If they do, we can then
postpone the subject.
Mr. MASON. I yield. _
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 have risen merely to do jus-
tioc to one portion of the history ofghis trans-
action. I have not the record before me, or I
should refer to it; but I recollect distinctly that
when this question was pending m the House of
Representatives, at the time I was a member of
that body, it was stated, specifically, by a friend
of General Scott, that the measure would not give
him increased pay. That may have misled the
minds of gentlemen here and there. General
Scott, however, on the same evening, when the
fact was communicated to him, wrote a letter,
which, on the next morning, was printed and laid
on the desk of every member of the House of
Representatives, stating that the effect of the res-
olution would be to give him increased pay and
emoluments; and it was voted for with that under-
standing. It was not, however, passed at that
session, because a two thirds vote in its favor
could not be obtained in the House of Represent-
atives.
Now, sir, this correspondence will elucidate no
public question. If you want the facts, you can
obtain them by a report from the Secretary of
War. I do not think the Senate should make
itself the conduit to put private quarrels before
the public. Let them take care of themselves in
the newspapers.
Mr. BIGLER. I wish to say in a single word
enough to explain my vote. 1 shall vote in favor
of printing the report, on the recommendation of
the Committee on Military Affairs. In casting
that vote, I do not wish to intimate that I am not
prepared to support the bill of the House of Rep-
resentatives, for I shall vote for it at once on the
information which I have. I think it is proper
and due to both parties that the correspondence
go over the country. It is now so far agitated
that it will be impossible to restrain it.
Mr. ADAMS. I insist on the special order.
The hour for its consideration has arrived.
Mr. MASON. I understood that, if any Sen-
ator wished to go into the debate, the Senate
would allow the vote to be taken on my motion
to postpone the further consideration of the sub-
ject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. t The Senator
from Mississippi calls for the special order, The
special order was for half past twelve o'clock. It
is now nearly ten minutes past one; and 1 pre-
sume the President of the body supposed it was
passed over by unanimous consent.
Mr. HUNTER. Will not a motion to post-
pone all prior orders, to go into executive ses-
sion, accomplish the object of my colleague ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, Certainly.
Mr. MASON. I move to postpone all prior
