568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
orders for the purpose of proceeding to the con-
sideration of executive business. ■ 1
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on j
ft division—ayes 19, noes 25.
Mr. ADAmS. I ask for the consideration of
the special order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The present
occupant of the chair not having been in the seat
at the time the hour arrived, will not undertake
to decide the question whether it can now be
called up. The special order was for half past
twelve o'clock. He will call it up, however, and
submit the question to the decision of the Senate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the Senate will con-
Bent now to take a vote on the motion to print.
Let that be disposed of in order that we may reach
the merits of the subject to which the correspond-
ence relates, at some time. If we let this motion
go over, we may lose this session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will require
unanimous consent, or a motion to postpone the
special order.
Mr- BENJAMIN. I move to postpone the
special order until half past one o'clock.
Mr. ADAMS. Before that motion is put, I will
state that from the indications I discover around
me I have no idea that this discussion will close
during the day. it will not take five minutes to
dispose of the bill winch is the special order—the
department of Jaw bill. It has been amended, and
the Senate is now in a condition to pass it, having
been reported from the Committee of the Whole.
There is but one feature to which there is objec-
tion. Although I think it an important feature of
the bill, it is too late to have a controversy about
it, and I am willing to amend it in every respect
to which any Senator may object, so that the
other features may pass without discussion. It
will onlV'take three minutes.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Is not the
spocial order which has preference the bill grant-
ing further time to the Deaf and Dumb Asylum
at Danville, Kentucky, to sell a little remnant of
land which they have in Florida?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Kentucky, as he stated
to the Senate, that his own inipiession is that the
hour of twelve and a half o'clock having passed
■without the special order for that hour having
been called for, and the President of the body not
having called it up of his own accord, after pass-
ing one o'clock, it has lost its priority for the
day, and the special order for one o'clock takes
priority over it; but the Chair will submit that
point to the Senate. The question now, however,
is on the postponement of the special order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My motion was simply to
postpone it to half past one o'clock—twenty min-
utes—so that we may dispose of the question of
priming. If at that tunc it is not disposed of,
and there is to be any debate on it, I will yield.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to print the correspondence.
The motion was agreed to.
PRESIDENTIAL VOTES.
Mr. BIGLER, from the joint committee ap-
pointed by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, to ascertain and report a mode of examining
the votes for President and Vice President of the
United States, and of notifying the persons elected
of their election, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the two Houses will a^iombto m tho
Chamber ot the Iiout>e of Representatives on Wednesday,
the Iith instant, at twelve o'clock, and the Piesulent ot the
Senate j ro tempore shall be the prodding otlicei; th.it nm;
person be appointed a teller on the part of the Senate, and
two on the part of the House of Representatives, to make
aytfist of the votes aa they bhall be declared; that the iCMilt
shall be delivered to the President of the Senate pio tem-
pore, who shall announce the t-tatcof the vot« and the per-
sons elected, to the two Honsesassembled; which -shall be
deemed a declaration of the persons cleeted President and
Vice Prebident of the United States, and, together with a
list of votes, entered on the Journals of the two Houses.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SEWARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 550)
for the relief of David Ogden, Andrew Foster, and
other ship-owners; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, in pursuance
of previous notice, asked and obtained leave to
bring in a bill (S. No.* 553) to improve the harbor
of Absecom, and Great and Little Egg Harbors,
in the State of New Jersey; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. FITZPATRICK, in pursuance of pre-
vious notice, asked and obtained leave to bring
in a bill (S. No. 556) to constitute Selma, in the
State of Alabama, a port of delivery; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
RATES OF POSTAGE.
Mr. WELLER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 557)
to equalize the rates of postage; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, I have tins
morning presented a petition on this subject,
which represents that when, after an experience
of twenty-five years, Congress for the first time
increased the rates of postage, the result proved
so unsatisfactory that the original rates were re-
stored within thirteen months thereafter. From
that time until 1855, a period of forty years, every
modification of them has been with a view to
reduce the postage, and in every instance such
reduction has been attended, not only with a
material increase m the number of letters sent
through the mails, but also with an addition to
the revenues of the Post Ollice Department.
In 1851 the rates of postage on letters trans-
mitted between California and the Atlantic States
were fixed at six cents when prepaid, and at ten
cents when not prepaid; and under these rates
there was, in two years, an increase of ninety-
eight per cent, in the number of letters sent and
received through the California mails, and of
seventy-five pei cent, in the postage paid on them.
For the year ending June 30, 1854, there was an
increase uver the preceding year of nearly ten per
cent, in the number of letters, and of twenty per
cent, in the receipt of postage thereon. But in
1855 the rate of postage to and from California
was increased sixty-six and two thirds per cent.,
or from six cents when prepaid to ten cents, and
the result has been a diminution of twenty per
cent, iri the number of letters, and an increase of
less than tlnee quarters of one per cent, in the
postage received. These facts ate sustained by
tables; and the memorial proceeds to represent
that as the experiment has in every sense proved
a failure, it is hoped that Congress will at least
restore the former rates, even if, in its wisdom,
it shall be found inexpedient to make the postage
uniform throughout the land.
The memorial contains a statement of the num-
ber of letters transmitted in the mails to and from
California, and of the postage on the same, as
follows:
JVo. of Ncicspujtcr Letter
lettervostagp. postage
Year endincr June HO, 1852.. .1, 195.537 - $183,052
War ending Jmu' SO, 185,*.. .2,707,5.13 - 263.137
Year ending June 30, 1854.. .2.958,681 $31 821 320.950
Year ending June 30, 18.1(5.. .2,3(55,902 *34.638 322,848
The statistics of 1855 are not given, for the
reason that for a part of the year the rate was
six cents, and the other part ten cents.
The total receipts lor postage in the United States in 1856,
were £6.566,M9
The receipts for tho yeai 1854 were  5,911,209
' The increase of total receipts in two years was
[ 10 85-100 per cent  $614,910
The receipts on California letters in 1856 were... .$322,848
The receipts lor 1«54 were  320,950
The increase in two years in California postage
was 59-100 per cent    $1,?98
The postage statistics of California, compared
with other States, are as follows;
t Postage collected. 1351. 1855, 1856.
' New York $1.34-2,155 $1.3*3,157 $1,436,100
I Pennsylvania  554.629 583,013 '591/219
1 iMassaeliuseus  512,166 532,164 557,659
Ohio  438,286 452,613 45i,70fi
California  256,188 234,591 265.018
Illinois  220,861 279,887 333,620
Excess of Postage collected over cost of Transportation.
New York $974,073 California..... §L2l,776
Massachusetts  405,445 Connecticut  103.098
Pennsylvania  322,015 Illinois  11,302
Cost of Transportation over Postage collected.
Arkansas §189,004 Mississippi $135,305
Alabama  161,593 Georgia  314,615
bouth Carolina  141,674 North Carolina.... 95 540
Texas..148,629 Virginia   83,355
The bill was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
THE GADSDEN PURCHASE.
On motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, the bill (S. No.
176) to establish a separate judicial district south
of the Gila, provide for the survey of the public
lands, and for the appointment of a surveyor gen-
eral, was recommitted to the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
RIGHTS OF ACTUAL SETTLERS.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the bill (S. No.
549) to secure to actual settlers the alternate sec-
tions of the public lands reserved in the grants to
the States for railroads, which I introduced yes-
terday, be taken from the table for the purpose of
reference.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read the second time.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, at the last
session twenty-one millions of acres of the public
lands were granted to several States, by Con-
gress, for railway purposes. These grants re-
served alternate sections, and placed upon them
the price of two dollars and fifty cents per acre.
These reserved sections of the public domain,
amounting to ten and a half millions of acres, will
soon come into the market at two and a half dol-
lars per acre; and these lands, thus located on the
lines of the proposed railroads, will be promptly
purchased by land speculators, many of them
non-residents of the States, to the great disadvant-
age of the States and of the actual settlers. Thus
the twenty-one millions acres of the public do-
main, which was open to the actual settlers—to
the emigrants from the older States, and from the
Old World—will pass, one half into the control
of railway corporations, and the other half into
the hands of land speculators. The people—the
actual cultivators of the soil—will be compelled
to pay exorbitant prices for these lands to railway
corporations and land speculators.
This bill proposes to withdraw from the market
these alternate sections reserved in the grants to
the States, and that they shall be sold to actual
settlers in accordance with the provisions of the
act of September 4,1841. This act of 1841 clearly
defines the rights of actual settlers upon the pub-
lic domain. Under that act preemption rights
are secured to settlers. By withdrawing the al-
ternate sections reserved in the railway grants
from the market, we secure to the people—the
emigrants to the new States—the men who are to
cultivate the soil upon the lines of the railroads,
some of the advantages which will accrue by the
grants to the States of the lands for railroads.
This policy will bring upon the lines of these pro-
posed railways, not a large class of non-resident
speculators—men who contribute nothing to the
development of the resources of the country or to
the support of the railroads when constructed,
but a large class of actual cultivators of the soil—
men who will develop the resources of the coun-
try on the lines of the roads—men whose labors
will contribute something to the support of the
roads. This policy of securing to actual settlers,
under the guards and restrictions of the act of
1841, these millions of acres of reserved lands, will
be not only beneficial to the actual cultivators of
the soil, but it will be conducive to the interests
of the States to whom these grants were made,
and to the railroad corporations themselves.
The policy of granting these alternate sections
of the public domain for railways is resisted by
some gentlemen, because it places millions of acres
of lands under the control of corporations. That
there are some evils connected with the system
no one can doubt. That the policy tends to the
rapid development of the country—to the wealth
and resources of the new States, and to the ma-
terial interests of the Atlantic States, is clear and
unquestionable. The adoption, along with this
policy of granting alternate sections of the public
lands for railway purposes, of reserving the al-
ternate sections for the actual settlers, will, in my
judgment, be conducive to the best interests of the
new States, the people who are to cultivate the
soil, and the railroad corporations. The Com-
mittee on Public Lands, I trust, will give to the
subject that attention its importance seems to de-
mand at their hands. I have voted, and I shall
continue to vote, for grants of alternate sections
of the public domain for railways; but I shall do
so more cheerfully if the reserved sections are to
