mm.
the- congressional mmm
m
attach the amendment, and vote the whole amend-
ment down, you retain the whole system as con-
tained in the consular bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. With the consent
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I desire to
Bay that, in either event, there is no appropria-
tion of money to pay those consular pupils pro-
vided for by this amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky, or by the consular bill of last
session; consequently, the whole thing will re-
main a dead letter; and I hope the House will not
prejudice the bill at this stage of the session by
requiring it again to be returned to the Senate.
Mr. FLORENCE. That is just the very reason
why I desire that this House shall not coincide
with, the repealing clause of the Senate. The
very fact that there is no appropriation in this
bill for the use of these consular pupils, renders
it unnecessary to repeal that clause.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. As the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means has inter-
posed such an objection to my amendment as he
has done, I desire to say that it must be a very
rickety bill when he is afraid, at this stage of the
session, to let it go back to the Senate.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. And the gentle-
man from Kentucky proposes to make it more
rickety by his amendment. I now make the point
of order that the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky is not in order, because it
provides independent legislation in an appropri-
ation bill, in direct violation of the rules of the
House.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. It is on the same sub-
ject as the Senate's amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not perceive
that it is not in harmony with the amendment
which came from the Senate.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Then the Senate's
amendment is out of order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I was about to remark—
and I do not desire to detain the House more
than a moment—that this wise provision, pro-
viding for consular clerks, or consular pupils, as
you may choose to call them, which seemed to
raise such a dread on the minds of some mem-
bers on this floor during the discussion on the
appropriation bill, ought not to be disturbed.
Let it remain in the bill. Let it remain a law.
And when the necessities present themselves—if
not at this session, at the next session of Con-
gress—let an appropriation be made for the
proper .conduct of our consular business. It
was, in my judgment, the very best feature in
that consular bill. That bill provided for the ap-
pointment of clerks — or pupils, as they were
called—and reduced the compensation paid to
consuls.
What arc the facts? At Dublin, at London-
derry, and at several other points, the salaries
were withdrawn, and provision was made merely
for compensation. I have got a letter from a friend
in Londonderry, in which he tells me that the
consul's compensation for the last year was only
fifty pounds. Now we prevent the appointment
of foreigners. We require that citizens of the
United States shall perform consular duties, and
we prevent them from attending to any other
business; yet we expect them to live at Dublin
or Londonderry, and entertain every visitor from
the United States. Dublin is one of the points
where American travelers most visit. The idea
of entertaining visitors on fifty pounds a year is
an absurdity which must strike every member;
and it strikes me that, 011 reflection, the House
wdl see that this repealing clause should not be
concurred in. When the necessities of the case
present themselves, as they will next session, if
not before, let Congress make provision for the
consular clerks. I have no objection to the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. HAVEN. I am opposed to this amend-
ment. It is exactly the seventh section of the
consular bill over again, with the exception that
the consular pupils are cut down from twenty-
four to six. I am opposed to the large number,
and I am equally opposed to the small number.
I have no doubt there is a lack of information m
regard to the Chinese language. There is a lack
of information perhaps with regard to some other
languages. We have just got two ports open at
Japan, and we should have six more consular
pupils there. Who is there among us that is com-
petent in regard to the languages of other coun-
tries .' Suppose we open communication with the
ports of Persia: it is rarely that you find good
scholars in the Turkish language; and yet there
are a few men who can read the language of
ancient Egypt, and who can decipher the hiero-
glyphics found on the monuments of that coun-
try. Commerce has never found any inconveni-
ence in reference to the Chinese language. It has
been able to get along without it; and we do not
want our negotiations to go very much ahead of
our commercial pursuits.
The Senate amendment is what I regard as a
very excellent proposition to get rid of this entire
matter. I neitlier want students nor professors.
If we had one man who spoke the Chinese lan-
guage, I would like to know what aid he would
be able to give to our consuls if he had to devote
his time to the college ? I think it best, therefore,
to concur with the Senate in repealing this clause,
and to let the matter go by.
Mr. BOYCE called the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LETCHER called for the yeas and nays
on Mr. H. Marshall's amendment to the amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 61, nays 99; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Akers, Bull, Bowie, Broom, ISurlingamc,
Ezra Clark, dawson,Clingman, Coniins, Jacob C. Davis,
Duiill, Euslis, Evans, Faulkner, Floience, prater. Homy
M. Fuller, Giow, Robert B. Hall, Harrison, Herbert, Val-
entine B. Morton, Howard, Hilghston, Kelly, Kennctt,
Knapp, Knight, Knox, Kunkel,Lake, 11nmphn'y>Iarlisa!l,
Moigan, Murray, Parker, Peek, Pulton, jVnmnjHon, IVuit,
Ready, [tobhms, Scott, Sheiman, Sneed, Stanton, Stiun-
ahan, Thorington, Thurston, Tyson, Valk, YVakeman,
Walker, CadwaladerO. VVa-hlmnic, t'.l!ihu U. Washburne,
Israel VVashbuin, Welch, Wells, VVnislow, Wood, Wood-
rllti', and Woorl worth—(il -
NAY'S — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barksd.ile, Ilcmlley
S. Bennett, Bliss, Boyee, Uradsbaw, Branch, liicnton,
Butlinton, James H. Campbell, John P. Campbell, Lewis
1). Campbell, Howell Cobb, Williamson 11. W. Cobb, Col-
fax, Oragtn, Cuuge, Oruwtord, Climbaek, Damrell, David-
sou. Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Denver, Dickson, Dodd,
Dm fee, Edmundson, Emrie, English, Etheridge, Flagler,
Calloway. Goode, Grander, Augustus Hall, Harlan, Haven,
Hodges, Hoffman, Holloway, Houston, George YV. Jones,
Knovvlton, Loiter, Letcher, Samuel S. Marshall, Max-
well, McCarty, MeMullin, Mctlueen, ICillInn Miller, Smith
Miller, Million, Millward, -Morrill, Moll, Mordecai Oliver,
I'acker, Phelps, Pike, Powell, Purvianeo, Puiycar, Ricaud,
Robeits, Uuliin, Rust, Sabul, Sage, Saiululgf ,Kapp, Savage,
Reward, Shelter, Simmon*. Samuel A. Fmith, William
Smith, William R. Smith, Spinner, Talbott, Tappan,
Taylor, Todd, Trat'ton, Tnppe, Underwood, Vail, Wade,
Warner, Watson, Wheeler, Whitney, Willi.mis, Daniel B.
VViight, John V. Wright, and Zolhcoller—Oil.
Sa the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. STANTON. As the previous question
has been sustained, I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following amendment,
which is submitted with the recommendation of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs: *
That the sum of $10,000 be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated for an outfit and salary for a commission to the
islands of the Fast Indian Archipelago, with power to in-
vestigate the claims nt the sovereignty of the Netherlands
India, and tofoim treaties with sueh independent Hiates
and tribes as may be found there of sufficient power and
iinpoitance to render such treaties proper and necessary.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
The amendmentof the Senate was concurred in.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the votes by which the Senate amendments
were concurred in; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLOSE OF DEBATE ON THE TARIFF.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move the usual
resolution that all further debate in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
tariff question be terminated to-morrow, at four
o'clock, p. m.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope debate will not be
closed to-morrow. There are some gentlemen on
this side who desire to be heard on the question
of the tariff. I trust thoy may have the fullest
opportunity.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I withdraw the
resolution to close debate.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION,
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President, transmitting the report
of the Director of the Mint, showing the opera-
tions of the Mini and its branches for the past
year; which was bid on the table, and ordered
ta be printed.
Mr. FLORENCE. It has been usual to print
extra numbers of this report, and I move cow
that there be printed, for the use of the Director,
one thousand extra copies of it.
The resolution, under the rules, was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
PRINTING OF SUBMARIKE TELEGRAPH BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that the
Atlantic submarine telegraph bill, under consid-
eration during the morning, be ordered to be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
THE TARIFF,
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
coidingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union,.(Mr. II. M\n-
shall in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the special order, being House bill (No.
566) to reduce the duty on imports, and for other
purposes.
Mr. EVANS gave the following synopsis of
remarks, which he asked and obtained leave to
print: All the most imminent dangers which
threaten the stability of American institutions
result from the double antagonism of religions
and races in the bosom of American society. The
action of this cause has already produced three
monstrous political hereries: 1. That of the Cal-
houn school, denying the natural equality and
freedom of all men, and assailing the Declaration
of Independence; 2. The doctrine of squatter sov-
ereignty, affirming a novel political power 111 the
Territories and one utterly unknown to the Con-
stitution; 3. The principle of absolute despotism
in the General Government to prohibit slavery in
the Territories, when Congress has no constitu-
tional authority to legislate on the subject; because
the right of property in slaves is recognized by
the Constitution, by all writers on natural law,
and by the universal law of nations. The master
may carry his slaves to any country 011 the globe
where that species of property is not excluded by
some peculiar local policy. The present slavery
of the African race is fully justified by the law of
nature and by the philosophy of all history; but
the institution, as it exists in the United States,
requires several important reforms to render it
accordant with the spirit of the age and the de-
mands of justice and humanity; and especially
should the slaves be legally attached to the soil
of particular homes, which would be equally ben-
eficial to both master and slave.
Mr. WItlGHT, of Tennessee, defended the
annual message of the President,and dented that
the Democratic party evaded any issue, either
North or South, during the late election. He
entered into an argumeut to show that neither
the Republican nor the Know Nothing party met
the issues involved; and in the couise of his re-
marks inquired if gentlemen of the former party
would vote for the admission of a slave State'
Mr. A. Ii. MARSHALL then addressed the
committee on the slavery question, and the posi-
tion of parties. His remarks are withheld for
revision.
[See the Appendix for the above speeches.]
Mr. CLINGMAN obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. WRIGHT, of Mississippi, who moved
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee lose; and the Speaker havin"
resumed the chair, Mr. II. Marshall reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, aecoiding to order, had the union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill (No. 566) to reduce the duty on im-
ports, and for other purposes, and had come to no
resolution thereon. . ,
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, gave notice that he
would on to-morrow introduce a resolution clos-
ing debate in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the tarn. bill.
And then, on motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, of
Ohio, the House (at twenty-five minutes to five
o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
