1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
575
say there is no hardship in his case, because he
knew the terms on which he was to make the
entry, and complied with them at the time. If
afterwards the Commissioned of the General Land
Office, or the Secretary of the Interior, for his
own purposes or fojnftie public safety, issued new
instructions, and another party went forward and
made an entry, he made it in accordance with
those new instructions; but in no case are the in-
structions under the amendment allowed to have
a retrospective operation upon the party entering
lands. When their operation is clearly prospect-
ive, and when there must necessarily have been
a compliance with them before the entry could
be made, they can work no hardship on any one
who has entered land up to this time. How is it
possible they ran do so?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator a question. If I understand these instruc-
tions—1 have not looked at them for some time,
and do not recollect the precise limitation—-my
recollection is, that at one time the instructions
required that improvements should be made within
a certain number of months, in order to entitle the
party to his patent. Subsequently that time was
extended to a year perhaps, and now until the first
of June. Is the party who made his entry at the
time the instructions required that the improve-
ments should be made in six months—if that was
the length of time—to lose his land if he made no
improvement within that time, while another is to
have the land it' he makes the improvement within
a year? I do not believe myselfin giving the sanc-
tion of law to the conflicting instructions which
have been issued by the department; butif we arc
to do it I think we ought to know exactly what it
is we are sanctioning. I should like to hoar the
instructions. I question whether there are many
members of this body who know what the law will
be if this amendment is adopted, because we do
not know what instructions the Land Office has
issued.
, Mr. BROWN. I tried to impress this idea on
the mind of the Senator—I know the Senate is
impatient in this matter—that if the party made
an entry, knowing at the time what the law and
instructions were, certainly no hardship could
inure to him—no injury could be done to him, I
care not what the instructions were. If he did not
choose to comply with them, of course he did
not make the entry. If he did choose to com-
ply with them, that is an end of the controversy
— that is ail there is of it. The whole aim and
scope of the amendment is to prevent those in-
structions having a retrospective operation in any
case; that in no case shall instructions be issued
to disturb an entry which was made before they
were in force or before they were in the hands
of the register. If they were in his hands, it was
his duty to tell the man who made the entry
under what terms he was to make it; and if lie
made it knowing what sort of a contract lie was
making, and complying with all that was required
of him at the time, how in the name of common
sense is any injury to work to him after that?
That is the whole scope of the amendment.
J trust if my friend from Illinois takes an in-
terest in the matter, he will permit the bill to be
passed this morning. Delay is the loss of it.
We have now only some three weeks of the ses-
sion left. These amendments must go back to
the House of Representatives, and be concurred
in or rejected; and if the bill is laid over until to-
morrow and something else intervenes, we prob-
ably shall notget it up again. I invoke its friends
this morning to stand by it and dispose of it in
some way, for it is a matter of too much conse-
quence to many people of this country to be de-
layed.
Mr. COLLAMER. It seems to me that we
are boggling about the instructions more than is
necessary. I desire the amendmentto be amended
so as to read, that all entries made according to
iaw be confirmed. A man may have paid the
money and made an affidavit, but may not have
complied with all the provisions of that statute.
I do not know what they are but its seems to me,
if a man has made his entry according to law and
existing regulation at the time, that is sufficient.
Mr. PUG-H. That is exactly what the amend-
ment is designed to do.
Mr. STUART. The language of the bill now
is "made in accordance with the said act and in-
structions/' &c.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let that be read again.
The Secretary again read it, as follows:
That alt entries of the public lands under the act to grad-
uate and reduce the price of the public lands to actual
settlers and cultivators, approved August 4, 1854, made
prior to the passage of this act, in which the purchaser has
made the affidavit, and paid the purchase money, as re-
quired by said act and the instructions issued and in force,
and in the hands of the register, at the time of making said
entry, are hereby legalized.
Mr. COLLAMER. It will be observed that
that only provides for cases where a man, under
that act, has made an affidavit and paid the money.
It does not require the fulfillment of any other
requirements of the law. A man may have done
these things—that is, he may have paid his money
and made his affidavit—but, after all, suppose the
officer is perfectly well informed that that affidavit
is unfounded and untrue?
Mr. CLAY. Allow me to say to the Senator,
that when he hears the subsequent part of the
bill read he will sec that the case which he thinks
might occur is guarded against and prevented by
it. It provides in what cases entries shall not be
regarded as valid. If he will hear the whole bill
read through, that will appear.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to move an amend-
ment to the amendment, so that it will read; " all
entries made according to the law, under the act
named, shall be confirmed."
Mr. BROWN. 1 have no sort of objection to
that, if the Senator thinks it necessary. We do
not want it otherwise than according to law.
Mr. PUGH. I think I can satisfy the Senator
from Vermont. We wish to avoid the question
of law.
Mr. COLLAMER. Hear me a moment.
Theie is a provision in the latter part of the bill
in regard to making the entries in the name of
females, and in the name of minors, but I do not
know that those are all the forms of fraud. I do
not know what are the various forms it may have
assumed. I do not know what regulations the
statute provides, or whatits greatleading features
are. There may be fraudulent entries made in
various forms.
Mr. PUGH. There are other forms provided
for by other amendments. The question now is
on the present amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the entry was made
according to iaw at the time it was made, it
ought to be confirmed undoubtedly; but I do not
think the mere fact that the entry has been made
by proper affidavit, and the payment of the pur-
chase money, puiges it of all fraud. I therefore
wish to have inserted the words I mentioned,
that the entry shall have been made according to
law.
Mr. PUGH. I will say a word about this
amendment and the subsequent ones. It seems
to me we have raised an unnecessary difficulty.
The law was passed, but there was a difference
of opinion about its construction. The Commis-
sioner issued a certain set of instructions, which
were complied with. Some complied with them
in good faith, and some in bad faith. I do not
see that it is material for us to decide whether
these instructions were legal or illegal. We want
to avoid that question. We simply wish to say,
that where the parties acted in good faith, their
titles shall be confirmed, legal or not; and there-
foie the amendment is in accorclancc with the
instructions in the hands of the register at the
time the entry was made. That is the present
amendment. There arc other amendments ex-
cepting those cases in which the Commissioner
of the General Land Office may ascertain the
entries to be fraudulent or evasive, and a further
provision for the particular cases of which the
Senator from Vermont has spoken, of entries in
the name of married women living with their
husbands, and of minor persons not heads of
families. The whole amendments taken together
provide against fraud, and the object is to guard
against improper entries.
Mr.TRUMBULL. There are several amend-
ments proposed to this bill, which is a very im-
portant one. It has not been printed and laid
before the Senate, and it is very difficult to under-
stand the exact bearing of the amendments on
hearing them read in this way. I move that the
further consideration of the subject be postponed
until to-morrow, and that the amendments be
printed, so that we may see what they are.
Mr. STUART. I only wish to add to what was
said by the Senator from Mississippi, that I join
with him in invoking the friends of the measure
in the Senate not to postpone it, but let us dispose
of it to-day.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
ThePRESlDINGOFPICER, (Mr. Weller.)
The question is on the amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is that the amendment
which I desired to have inserted? My amend-
ment is to insert the words "according to law."
I care but very little about the instructions.
Mr. STUART. I only wish to say a single
word on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Vermont. What is the exact construction
of the law is the very subject in dispute, and the
subject which has created all this difficulty; and
therefore the House of Representatives, in pass-
ing this bill, have undertaken to say what is a
compliance with it. They say that making the
affidavit and paying the money is a compliance
with the law; and that is the basis on wh ch this
bill stands. Now, if you strikeout this language,
and substitute a compliance with the law, you
leave the question precisely where it stood before;
and therefore, if the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont should prevail, it would destroy
the bill. This bill undertakes to give a construc-
tion to the former act, and to determine what is a
compliance with it—that paying the money and
making the affidavit is a compliance with the law.
Mr. 1IARLAN. 1 desire to hear the bill read
as reported by the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Nothing is
pendingnowbefore the Senate but the amendment
of the Senator from Vermont, and that can be
read.
Mr. STUART. I think we should be better
advised if the Secretary would read all the amend-
ments and road the bill as amended, and then take
up the amendments subsequently, because some
of them bear on others.
Mr. COLLAMER. As gentlemen say the
point of my amendment is covered by subsequent
amendments I wish the bill read as it will be if
amended, as we cannoi have it printed.
The Secretary read the bill as proposed to be
amended by the committee, as follows:
An act to confirm certain entries ofland therein named.
lie it enacted !>>/ the Senate and ILntse of llcpreseniatiee*
of the Untied States of Jlmcncct in Congreitt assembled, That
all entries oi the public lurid-* und^r the act to graduate
and icdiiee the price of the public lands to actual tattlers
and cultivator?, approved 4ih of August, l&H, made piior
to the passage-of this act, in which the- purchaser ha* made
the affidavit, and paid the purchase money, as required
by !>aid act, and the instructions, issued and m force and in
the hand* of the register at the tune <>Y nmftmg said entry,
aie heieby legalized, and patents shall issue to the paities,
respectively, excepting those entries under >-aid act ivhicli
tho Commissioner of the G< rieral Land Office may ascer-
tain to have been fraudulently or evasively made : Provided,
That this act shall not be so construed as to confirm any
of said ontiics which have heretofore b"en annulled and
vacated hy said Co'nmt^sionej on account of ftaud, eva-
sion of law, or othei hpeeial eatise.
Sr:c. 2. *flnd f>e it jm titer enacted, Thalall entries under
arid by virtue of the c-:ud act of Au^u-M, 3834, and any act
amend.uorv thereof, by or in the name ofany married woman
readme with her husband, or by or m the name of any
minor not the head of a tunuly .it the nine when paid entry
was or shall be made, are heiehy decJaicd to be null and
void.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Welle*.)
Does the Senator from Vermont still insist on his
amendment?
Mr. COLLAMER. As I understand the amend-
ments of the committee, though we have not the
privilege of reading them, they declare that all
entries shall be valid winch were made at the
time according to the regulations, unless they are
such as the Commissioner of tho General Land
Office ascertains to be fraudulent or evasive. Are
the words " unless he has or shall ascertain?"
Do they cover cases already ascertained ?
Mr. PUGH. It is altogether retrospective.
We have not put in prospective words.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is to say, however
fraudulent any of these entries had been made, if
it had the form of having the money paid, and
an affidavit made, if he has not already ascertained
it to be fraudulent, it will stand confirmed.
Mr. STUART. He may ascertain it hereafter.
Mr. PUGH. Anytime before the patent issues.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am satisfied, and with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to inquire of the
chairman of the committee if a case of this kind
will b  covered by the bill aa reported ? Tfeore
