m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5.
are a few entries under this law in the State of
Iowa. In relation to those, I have received letters
stating this d"fficulty: persons have applied the
land office who entered land under the provisions
of the law; before thoy had complied with the in-
tendment of the law, by settling on the land and
improving it, they transferred the land to a second
person? who has entered on the land and improved
it. After this has occurred, a third party applies
to the land office to enter the land, alleging that
the p?rty originally entering the land had not
complied with the provisions of the law, so that
if he should make satisfactory proof of the ille-
gality of the first entry of the land, the innoccnt
purchaser in the actual possession and occupancy
of the land would be deprived, not only of his
land, but of his labor. It seems to me, from the
reading of the bill, that this difficulty is not
covered.
Mr. STUART. I will explain to the Senator
in a moment that I have no doubt myself that
the cases to which he alludes arc covercd by this
bill. In all the cases where entries have been
made, the Senator is aware that an affidavit was
necessary; it was necessary under the law; there
was no entry made without an affidavit and with-
out the payment of the money. Those entiies
are ail confirmed. It' any man, having made an
entry, transferred his certificate, as is common in
all our western States, the patent would issue to
him, and by virtue of his deed of transfer the
title will go to his vendee. It inures to the benefit
of the man to whom ho sold. There is no ques-
tion about that.
Mr. SEWARD, (to Mr. Harlan.) That
covers your Iowa cases, and you had better con-
sent to the passage of the bill.
The first amendment of the committee was
agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
words: 44 where fraud is or may be charged be-
fore the Commissioner of the General Land Office
previous to the issuing of the said patents, in
which cases patents shall not issue until it shall
appear to the satisfaction of said Commissioner,
after proper investigation, that said entries were
made in £ood faith;"' and insert in lieu thereof:
" which the Commissioner of the General Land
Office may ascertain to have been fraudulently or
evasively made."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out the words {< and the lands thus re-
stored to market have been entered by another
person," and insert u on account of fraud, eva-
sion of law, or Other special chumc."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert, as a new section:
Sec. 2. Jlnd he it fin ther enacted* That all entries under
and by virtue of the nud net of August 4, 1854, oi any act
amontlatoiy thereof, b\ or hi the name ofauv warned woman
residing with her h< -'mid, oi by or m the naiw oi any minor
not the head or hundy at the time when said entrj was or
sJmll be made, are hetchy declared to be null and void.
Mr. ADAMS. I hope a portion of that amend-
ment will not be adopted, in the first place, I
hold that if an entry lias been made in the name
of a minor, and the law did not authorize it, it
is null and void. If the law did authorize it, it
is a contract between the Government and the
minor or woman, if they were authorized by law
to make it, and Congress has no power to divest
any party of any vested rights. This undertakes,
by an act, to declare acontiact to be null and \ oid.
If there was no authority for such an entry, it is
null and void. No regulation of the Depaitment
can make a law, and no regulation of the Depart-
ment can defeat the rights of parties under an
easting law. We may confirm entries, and give
rights by positive legislation; but if rights have
accrued," we cannot by any legislation divest the
paities of those rights.
But my particular objection to this provision
is, that it declares all entries made in the name of
married women null and void. Under the stat-
utes of Mississippi, as well as several other States,
and may vest it in any property she may think
proper, and the law protect* her in doing so. If
a father gives a daughter property it is hers, and
not sabjcct to the debts oi her husband. In the
cases which arose and gave rise to this amend-
ment, I take it for granted—I know nothing ofs
the facts—the money with which the land wae
entered, by which a woman has procured a hom,
free from the control of an improvident husband
was the gift of her father, or her brother, or the
proceeds of her own labor, and we go forward to
deprive her and her children of that right. Is the
Senate prepared for such a proposition ? Under
the laws of several of the States married ladies
are permitted to hold property. This whole stat-
ute, it seems to me, has been misconstrued, ai^l
the object of it has been misconceived by the Sec-
retary of the Interior.
I recollect the history of the discussion of this
subject. I took more interest than any other
Senator on this floor in the passage of a gradua-
tion bill. When a homestead bill was urged on
the consideration of Congress, I took the position,
and the Senate seemed so to consider, that an
individual preferred to enter land, and pay the
| intrinsic value, with liberty to sell and dispose of
' it, like all other lands, rather than have the land
given to him on terms required by the homestead
bill, compelling him to remain on the land a certain
length of time. But now the construction of the
Secretary of tlte Interior is, that the pai ty entering
the land shall enter on it and impiove it within
a certain length of time. Sir, the law prescribes
what the penalty of frauds should be. The law
prescribes what a party should do to entitle him
to enter the land, and prescribes that if he were
guilty of perjury he should be liable to indictment
for that; but to confer on the Secretary of the
Interior, or any man who is not a judicial officer,
judicial powers, I am not willing to do by legisla-
tion. Nor am 1 willing to sanction by my vote
any proposition which will deprive any citizen,
though it be a woman, of her vested rights in her
hard-earned labor, or vote for anything by which
Congress declares that any contract she makes,
because she happens to have an improvident hus-
band, should be rendered null and void. I cannot
vote for this amendment.
I see no impropriety in the entry. Every one
who is acquainted with the circumstances of im-
providence in the conduct of the poor will know,
on a moments' reflection, that the propriety and
object of the law was, to secure a woman and her
children a home, on which they could make a
living; and if the title happens to vest in the lady
or one of the minor children, 1 do not see that the
object of the law is perverted. The Government
has received its money. Although it is a small
price, it is all the Government asked, and all the
Government ought to require. It is all the Gov-
ernmcntwill ever get from these individuals any-
how. The lands have been sold, the parties pos-
sess them, and that ought to satisfy the country.
I would greatly prefer the bill as it came fiom the
House of Representatives; but I acquiesce in all
the other amendments, though I do not approve
tli em.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President 
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. The hour
has arrived for the consideration of the special
order. I hope it will not, by the lapse of time, go
over to another day. I wish that special order,
which is a small bill about the deaf and dumb
asylum of Kentucky, disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Waller.)
The hour of one o'clock has arrived, and the spe-
cial order must be taken up.
Mr. STUART. If the Senatorfrom Kentucky
will give me his ear for a moment, I wish to make
a suggestion that will effect both objects. The
special order now being up, if he will allow it to
be postponed for half an hour, we can dispose of
this question, and then his bill will come up.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Will not
that give priority to other subjects?
Mr. STUART. Not at all.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I have got
wearied of waiting about a small matter of this
sort.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Perhaps the
Senator from Kentucky is mistaken about the
priority of special orders.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I under-
jj stood from the Chair yesterday that I was not
' mistaken.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first spe-
cial order is the joint resolution concerning Wolf
Island.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I under-
stood, by an agreement between my colleague and
the gentlemen from Missouri, that that bill had
been postponed until some other day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was post-
poned until this day at oneJ|j|lock; and is now
the first business in order. -
Mr. STUART. I move to postpone the special
order and suspend all prior orders until this bill
be disposed of.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. After an
agreement was made to postpone the resolution
concerning Wolf Island to this day, I should like
to know if the prior special order existing on the
Calendar would not come up before it?
Mr. STUART. I think it does.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair can
only take the bills in the order in which they were
arranged by his predecessor. According to that
order the first special order, at one o 'clock to-day,
is a joint resolution concerning Wolf Island.
Mr. STUART. We can dispose of them all
if we get through with this subject.
Mr. FOOT. The rule is expressly that the
first special order assigned has precedence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on postponing all prior orders in order to con-
tinue the consideration of the bill reported by the
Senator from Michigan, from the Committee on
Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator from Mississippi
has suggested doubtless what may happen in his
own State, and m mine, for we have an act simi-
lar to that to which he alludes in the State of Mis-
sissippi, creating certain married women free-
dealers; but I do not suppose that there is one in
a thousand of that class of persons who has
availed herself of the benefit of this act. Those
who have enjoyed the benefit of this act are a
class of people who have never applied for legisla-
tive relief against the improvidence or imprudence
of their husbands. I doubt, indeed, whether a
case can be found, either in his State or mine,
which would not be embraced in the provisions of
this act as amended, except it be an amendment
which I shall propose as an amendment to the
amendment of the committee.
I would have preferred passing this bill as it
came from the House of Representatives, because
I believe that bill compassed all that we desired;
but a majority of the Committee on Public Lands
differed from me in that respect, and as I believe
that their amendments only tended to make more
clear and explicit what was designed by the House
of Representatives in passing the bill, I have
accepted their amendments. On hearing the last
amendment read, however, I see that there may
, be a class of cases in which meritorious persons
j will be excluded from the benefits of this act who
; ought to be admitted, and I propose an amend*
j mcnt which I trust the committee will accept,
i The last amendment provides as a separate sec-
| tion:
[ And he it further enacted, That all entries under and by
j virtue of the s-aid act of August 4,1854, or any act amend-
l atory theieof, by oi in the name of any married woman re-
j siding with hei husband, or by or in the name of any minor
1 not the head of a family at the time when said entry was
or shall be made, are heieby declared to be null and void.
Now, at the time the first set of instructions
were issued there was a popular impression, which
I think was sustained by the act itself, that any
person, without respect to age, whether minor or
adult, who entered m good faith with a view of
settlement and cultivation, was embraced within
the purview of the act, and entitled to its benefits.
Hence it happened that many young men who
were from eighteen to twenty years of age, and not
yet twenty-one, went forward, made affidavit,and
: claimed the benefit of the act. They intended, in
1 good faith, to settle and cultivate the land. They,
were not required to swear that they were twenty-
! one years of age. I have the original circular of
! instructions, issued Octobcr 30,1854, which pre-
! scribes the form of the affidavit. It is but a repe-
j tition in substance of the third section of the act,
j which says nothingaboutminors, butsays "any
| person," which would seem to embrace minors
i as well as adults. The circular instructions pre-
; scribed the form of affidavit, and diet not require
j that they should swear they were not minors.
; Hence these men have been guilty of no perjury,
i They have been guilty of no fraud under the act,
I according to their construction, or, as it would
