5S0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
Office and Post Roads, to whom the subject was
referred, reported a bill (S. No. 560) to provide
for the transportation of the mails from the Mis-
sissippi river to San Francisco; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
_ He also, from the same committee, to whom
-was referred the petition of Cranstoun Laurie,
reported a bill (S. No. 561) for his relief. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading;
and the accompanying papers were ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, reported a
bill (S. No. 562) for the relief of the Orange and
Alexandria Railroad Company. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading; and the
accompanying communication from the Post-
master General was ordered to be printed.
CONSULAR APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the Hpuse of representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives agreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. G07)
making appropriations for the consular and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the year
ending 30th of June, 1853.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; which thereupon received
the signature of the President pro tempore:
An act making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government, for
the year ending Juno 30, 1858;
Anactto extend the charter of the Presidentand
Directors of the Firemen's Insurance Company
of Washington and Georgetown, m the District
of Columbia;
An act for regulating the terms of the circuit
court of the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes; and
An act supplementally to " An act to organize
an institution for the insane of the Army and
Navy, and of the District of Columbia, in said
District," approved March 3, 1855.
MINNESOTA AND NEBRASKA SCHOOL LANDS.
Mr. FOOT. 1 desire to ask the Senate to con-
sider a joint resolution (S. No. 3'J) relative to
seetions'sixteen and thirty-six in the Territory
of Minnesota. It will occupy but two or three
minutes of time. It, ia important that this reso-
lution should go to the House of Representatives,
especially for this reason: Saturday of this week
—the day after to-moirow—has been assigned by
that House for the consideration of territorial
business.
There being no objection, (he joint resolution
(8. No. 39) was read a second tune, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whoie.
It provides that where any settlements, by the
erection of a dwelling-house, or the cultivation of
any portion of the land, shall have been or shall
be made, upon the sixteenth or thirty-sixth sec-
tions, (which sections have been reserved by law
for the purpose of being applied to the support of'
schools in.the Territory of Minnesota, ami m the
States and Territories hereafter to be erected out
of the same,) before the sections shall have been
or shall be surveyed, or when such sections have
been or may be selected or occupied as town sites,
under and by virtue of the act of Congress ap-
proved May d3,1844, or reserved for public uses
before the survey, then other lands shall be se-
lected by the proper authorities m keu thereof,
agreeably to the provisions of the act of Congress
approved May 20, 1826, entitled " An act to ap-
propriate lands for tiie support of schools in
certain townships and fractional townships not
before provided for." And if the settler can bring
himself or herself within the provisions of the act
of September 4,lcMl, oi the occupants of the town
site be enabled to show a compliance with the pro-
visions of the law of May 23, 1844, tften the right
of preference granted by those acts, in the pur-
chase of such portion of the sixteenth or thirty-
sixth sections so settled and occupied, shall be in
them respectively, as if such sections had not
n been previously reserved for school purposes.
Mr. FOOT. I am directed by the Committee
on Public Lands to move an amendment simply
embracing the Territory of Nebraska within the
provisions of this resolution. This may be done
liy Making out th§ word " said," and inserting
the word " the," in the seventh line, and chang-
ing the word " Territory" to the plural " Terri-
tories,"and adding- the words " of Minnesota
and Nebraska;" so that it shall read:
—"which sections have been reserved by law for the pur-
pose of being applied to the support of schools in the Terri-
tories of MmneoOta and Nebraska.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. I will remark that this joint reso-
lution is in pursuance of the recommendation of
the General Land Office, and in accordance with
similar provisions for other Territories.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I should like to have the
object of that bill stated. I coi^d not understand
it when it was read by the Secretary.
Mr. FOOT. The ohjectis, that in cases where
; lands have been taken up, occupied, improved
| by settlers before they have been surveyed; and
I when, after they shall have been surveyed, it
| turns out that they have been upon the whole or
i a portion of sections sixteen and thirty-six, re-
! served for school purposes, they may not be dis-
| turbid in those possessions and improvements,
! but that the ptoper authorities of the township
; may select lands in ether places.
: Mr. SEBASTTAN. That is satisfactory. The
: bill does not relate to the subject *to which I
apprehended it did.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended,and the amendment made as jn Com-
mittee of the Whole was concurred in. It was
| ordered to be engrossed for a third reading-, read
. the third time, and passed. The title was amended
1 so as to read: A joint resolution relative to sec-
tions sixteen and thirty-six in the Territories of
Minnesota and Nebraska.
EDMUND II. M'CAJJE.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. The Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 588) for the relief of
the legal representatives of Edmund H. McCabe,
assignee of Antoine Soulard, have directed me
to repoit it without amendment. I propose to
put the bill on its passage now. It if) baaed on
I a decision of the Supreme Court of the United
i States. The original hnlderwas a man who owned
! a grant before Louisiana was purchased. Before
| his title was confirmed undcracommission of the
] United States, the United States took and sold
I part of Ins land. This is to relocate about two
I thousand acres of lus land, and m point of fact
, the United States took land of greater value. It
j is a claim of clear equity, based on the decision of
j the court, and there can be no doubt about it. If
I anybody desires it, the bill and report can be read,
| which explain themselves. There is no doubt
I that the bill ought to be passed.
I There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
| nnttee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
; bill (II. II. No. 568) tor the relief of the legal
t representatives of Edmund H. McCabe, assignee
1 of Antoine Soulard. it authorizes the legal rep-
| rescntatives of McCabe to enter on the public
| land subject to entry at fsl an acre, such quan-
| tity of land as has been sold by the United States
I within the boundaries of the claim of Antoine
\ Soulard, confirmed by the Supreme Court of the
j United States at the January term, 1836.
| The bill was reported to the Senate without
! amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
j GROUND ADJOINING NAVY-YARDS. .
| Mr. M ALLORY,froin the Commit tec on Naval
Allairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No,
567) authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to
purchase additional ground adjoining certain
navy-yards therein named, and for other pur-
poses, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. BiGLER. I should like to have a day
fixed for the consideration of that bill. If the Sen-
ator is willing, I will name next Thursday, and
make it the special order for one o'clock on that
day.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill, and its further consideration
was postponed to, and made the special order for,
Thursday next, at one o'clock.
LAND DISTRICT IN WISCONSIN.
Mr. STUART. The Committee on Public
Lands had referred to them a bill to create an
additional land district in the State of Wisconsin.
They have instructed me to report back the bill,
and offer an amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute; and as this is a matter which is governed
entirely by the recommendation of the Gfeneral
Land Office, I ask that the bill be acted upon at
once.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill (S. No. 253) to establish an additional land
district in the State of Wisconsin, which was re-
ported from the Committee on Public Lands, with
an amendment to strike out all after the enacting
clause, and insert:
That so much of the districts of land now subject to sale
at LaCrosse and Hudson, in the State of Wisconsin, as are
contained within the following boundaries, shall constitute
a new land district, to be called the Chippewa district, to
wit: north of the line dividing townships twenty-lour and
twenty-live north ; bouth of the line dividing townships
ibity and forty-one north ; west of the line dividing ranges
one and two east; and east of the line dividing ranges
eleven and twelve west; the location of the office lor
which shall be designated by the President of the United
States, and shall by him from time to time be changed as
the public interest may seem to require.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there shall be ap-
pointed by the Pi evident, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, or during the recess thereof, and until
the end of lt^ next session atter such appointment, a regis-
ter and leceiver lor &aid distuct, who shall respectively be
lequiied to reside at the ^ite of the office, be subject to the
same laws and entitled to the same compensauon as is ov
may heieafter be prescribed bylaw in relation to other land
ollicoirf of the United States.
?>eu. 3. And be it farther enacted, That the sales shall
continue at the old land office at La Crosse and Hudson till
tin; icgit-teia ami receiver iheicat are notified that the ofli-
cpr-< lor the distuct created by this act are prepared to enter
on their duties.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That to meet the ex-
penotis of carrying this act into cffcet, the sum of $5,000, or
i as much thereof as may be neee^saiy, is hereby appropri-
ated tor salaries, commissions, and incidental expenses, of
the offices of the register and leceiver, to b« expended under
the direction of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in, and the bill ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; i^,was read
the third time and passed.
WILLIAM AV. BELDEN.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of William W. Beldcn, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill (S. No. 563) for the relief
of William W. Belden, administrator of Ebene-
zer Gulden.
Mr. IVERSON. I desire that the bill be read
twine; and I shall then ask that it be put on its
passage now.
The bill was read twice by its title.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not desire to inter-
rupt the passage of this bill, but I do not like to
pass private bills of this kind without some indi-
cation of what they are.
Mr. IVERSON. I was about to make an
explanation.
The Secretary read the bill, which directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to William W.
Belden §8,624 84, being the amount of loss sus-
tained by Ebenezer Belden by the destruction of
his stock of goods by the British, on the 19th of
December, 1813, at Buffalo, New York, in con-
sequence of his store being used in part as a mili-
tary depot, bjr order of the Quartermaster Gen-
eral of the United States Army.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think that bill had better
lie over. It is not of a character that we can pass
without examination. Let it lie over until to-
morrow, which is private bill day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection, the bill will take its place on the
Calendar. Does the Senator from Georgia insist
on disposing of it now ?
Mr. IVERSON. I have no personal interest
in the bill, and know nothing of the party. The
Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Foster] has man-
1 ifested considerable interest in it, and it was at
his request I proposed to put it on its passage.
Mr. ADAMS. It cannot be read a third time
to-day if it is objected to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It must go
over if the Senator from Louisiana objects.
MAIL TRANSPORTATION ON RAILROADS.
Mr. YULEE. I ask now that the bill reported
by the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads (S. No. 487) to provide for the transpor-
