682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
reference to it. I ask the Senate to listen to a
flain statement of the facts of the case. What
am going to say will not be at all disrespectful
to the State of Florida, or to the Senator from
that State, who has moved this amendment. I
am perfectly confident that he does not under-
stand the question in all its bearings and relations,
or he would not offer that amendment. As he
states, some thirty years ago the Congress of the
United States granted to the trustees of Center
College, in Kentucky, who are also the managers
of the deaf and dumb asylum, at Danville, a town-
ship of land. At the same time, a township of
land was granted by Congress to a similar insti-
tution in Connecticut. The object was to enable
the experiment of educating the deaf and dumb—
for it was at that time, in this country, a mere
experiment — to be carried on. Center College
had before that time been incorporated by the
Stateof Kentucky, and located at Danville. Dan-
ville was not then a county town, but its people cer-
tainly were the wealthiest, the most well-behaved,
pious, and intelligent people in the State of Ken-
tucky, and continue so to this day. Center Col-
lege is the best endowed and the best organized
institution for education west of the mountains.
It is managed by such men as the Rev. Dr. Breck-
inridge, Mr. John C. Young, (the son-in-law of
my colleague,) Dr. Humphreys, and others whom
I need not name to the Senate. In all its depart-
ments and appointments it is the best institution
west of the mountains for education. The insti-
tution is under the control of the Presbyterian
Church.
Men eminent for piety, men characterized and
liberalized in all their notions by a desire to ben-
efit sufferers from misfortune, by a purpose to aid
all who need it, and to extend Christian civiliza-
. tion wherever required, procured an act of incor-
poration of this deaf and dumb asylum, and put
it under the management of the trustees of Center
College, Kentucky. The State of Kentucky
having founded this institution, has endeavored
in every way to build it up, and at the last session
of her Legislature $ 10,000 were granted to carry
out its purposes. It educates all Kentucky's in-
digent deaf and dumb, if they have not property
enough to pay for it. It educates the deaf and
dumb from other States, although Kentucky has
paid for the building, paid for the apparatus, and
expended her thousands and tens of thousands of
dollars. She lets in any mute from Florida on the
same terms as from Kentucky.
The General Government, feeling an interest in
advancing the purpose for which this institution
was founded, appropriated a section of land for its
use. It has not all been sold as yet, and now the
proposition is to extend the time allowed for its
sale. The Senator from Florida says we ought
not to have the time. The bill is ashort one, and
I will read it:
Be it. enacted by the Senate and House of Representative!
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the tttrther time of fiveycars after the expiration of the time
heretofore allowed, he, and the same is hereby, allowed and
permitted to the trustee?, ol ' Vnrer College, Kentucky, who
are also the trustees of .-aid asylum lor teaching the deaf
and dumb, to sell the lands heretofore granted to said asy-
lum by acts of Congress heretofore passed and confirmed
to said trustees.
This is the bill to which the Senator from
Florida objects. Does it propose to grant any-
thing? Does it propose to give any money from
the Federal Treasury, or any more land ? Not at
all. It simply proposes to allow these trustees
further time to sell the land. The Senator from
Florida seems to proceed on the supposition that
this is a Florida matter. Well, sir, I am willing
to forgive any overweening zeal which he may
manifest to serve his constituents, but I wish to
remind him that this land does not belong to the
State of Florida, nor does it belong to the State
of Kentucky. It belongs to humanity and Chris-
. tian civilization; it is held in trust by the trustees
of this college, to be administered for the benefit
of those who, by a calamitous visitation of Divine
Providence, are deprived of the ordinary attributes
of humanity. It is more to the advantage of
Florida than of Kentucky. You give Kentucky
nothing; you make no grant; you simply extend
the time for the sale. Suppose that by the oppo-
sition to this measure the Senator from Florida
should succeed in having the lands sold at once:
who will buy it ? God only knows; but of course
he will be a l.jnd-jobber— a land-speculator.
Whether it is to be sold at Tallahassee, or Dan-
ville, or Frankfort, I do not know; but whenever
it is sold, if sold all at once, I presume it will be
bought by a land-pirate,a land-jobber, who would
disgrace the penitentiary of Kentucky; and he
being an actual person you could not limit his
right-to hold it or to sell it. If some fellow who
has been prowling upon the wrecks around the
reefs of Florida, and on the wayfaring seamen,
until he has become rich enough to buy a planta-
tion , should purchase this land, he, being an actual
person, would hold it inimitably until he got his
profit—his pound of flesh. The Senator proposes
to come down before death and prematurely ad-
minister on the estate of a set of dummies, so as
to let some land-shark, some pirate, get their land.
That will be the effect if he defeats this bill. The
bill itself grants nothing in the world, but extends
the time within which to dispose of this remnant
of land.
Mr. President, I have before me a letter from
John A. Jacobs, who is at the head of this insti-
tution, stating the facts of the case, from which
I will read an extract. It is a letter directed to
my colleague in the other House, the Hon. A. G.
Talbott, a Democratic brother of the two Sen-
ators from Florida. I had a letter which was ad-
dressed to me on the subject, but I have mislaid
it. Once, when I was a member of the other
House, I procured an extension of time, and never
heard a man in that House or this object to it.
The facts stated by Mr. Jacobs in his letter are
undoubtedly true. His statements are confirmed
by the Hon. James Harlan, formerly a member
of this body, and now Attorney General of the
State of Kentucky. He was once sent down to
Florida to take charge of this land; and Mr. James
Barbour, of Maysville, a gentleman connected
with a banking institution, was sent there-to ex-
amine it.
Mr. Jacobs says:
Danville, Kentucky, November 28, 1856.
Dea&Sir : You are aware that many years ago, Congi ess
made a donation of a township of land to the Kentucky
deaf and dumb asylum, located in Florida. Wehave found
it impossible, owing to many unfavorable circumstances, to
sell ult the land, and will be obliged to apply again to Con-
gress for a further extension of time to sell the small balance
unsold, not more than one or two thousand acres.
I have been urging our agent, who is Judge Du Pont, of
the supreme court of Florida, a most excellent man and
agent, to sell out the remainder at the best price he could
get, lather than trouble Congress again tor an additional
time. I give you an extract troin his last letter, dated Oc-
tober 14. lie says: " Yoursof the29thultimo wasreceived
by the last mail, and I hasten to reply. I have endeavored
most zealously to dispose of the lemnant of the lands be-
longing to the deaf and dumb asylum, so as to avoid the
necessity of an application to Congress for further time in
which to sell, but my efforts have thus far proved unavail-
ing. The lands are now in sucli detached and small bodies,
that it is only occasionally I have an application to pur-
chase. I see no alternative but to apply to Congress tor
further time."
It is with the greatest reluctance that we make further
application. We are conscious from tile beginning of having
used every effort to sell within the tune prescribed by law.
Hon. A. G. Talbott.
There is remaining but a remnant of the land
granted to this institution.
Mr. YULEE. ' How much is it?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. One or two
thousand acres.
Mr. YULEE. Is the Senator certain that that
is all?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky That is tlie
statement of Mr. John A. Jacobs, a gentleman in
whose integrity and whose veracity,and in whose
standing I have as much confidence as I have in
any member of the Senate.
Mr. YULEE. Did he say that was the amount:
I did not hear his letter.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. He says the
amount is about one or two thousand acres. His
letter is confirmed by the statement of Judge Du
Pont. I do not object to myfriend from Florida
manifesting a zealous desire to serve his constit-
uents, but 1 think he has never examined this
question thoroughly. This institution is one that
commends itself to the charity of the human he;
far above and beyond anything that I have e
known or seen in my life. I suppose that, from
the beginning of my life to this time, I have seen
and_ known from five hundred to one thousand
pupils of this institution. There they are taught
to read and write. They become remarkably
good scribcs, from the fact that it is only through
correspondence that they can communicate with
other individuals. The institution was started
by pious and good men, that they might instill
into the minds of this unfortunate class of the
community ideas of religion, and impress them
with the Christian's hopes of the hereafter. In
the whole number of them—and I have seen them
at social parties and at barbecues—I never knew
anything wrong done by them. They go into all
the walks of life. By the benign influence of this
institution, this unfortunate class is rescued, as it
were, from a living death, in consequence of the
munificent legislation of the State of Kentucky.
A person coming from Georgia or Tennessee, or
from the Carolinas, or from Florida—and I have
seen them from all those States—is received on
precisely the same terms as persons from our own
State, except that we do not provide for the indi-
gent from other States. This is a great charity,
for the beneficent purposes of Christianity, civili-
zation, and humanity. This grant of land was
made to this institution for the benefit of the
southwest and southern States, as a similar grant
was made to the institution in Connecticut for the
north and northeast.
The Senator from Florida, however, says that
we must now have a forced sale of the littl« rem-
nant which remains of the land granted to this
institution. Whoistobuyit? Some land-pirate—
a Shyloclc; and being a natural person you cannot
force him to sell; he will have his profit, and sell
at his own time. He will wait as long as he
pleases. The whole effect of defeating this prop-
osition to extend the time will be to snatch away
from these dummies and deaf people the oppor-
tunity to convert this land into money at a fair
price, and hand it over ty some land-shark, who
will hold it inimitably—until doomsday, if neces-
sary, to make profit out of it.
If I understand the character of my friend from
Florida, I think he will allow fifty years instead
of five, when made acquainted with all the cir-
cumstances; and thenitwould be a better distribu-
tion of the public lands than has ever been made
since I have been a member of Congress, if he
were to give us two or three townships in other
places. I do not think the State of Florida would
object to this. If she did, it would abate my good
opinion of her. I do not think she feels like Ahab,
looking over at the vineyard of Naboth the Jezreel-
ite, that lay in Jezree'l near the palace of Ahab.
In his cupidity he had a desire to take it, and he
offered not another vineyard in the place of it,
nor even to give what it was worth. "Worse than
Ahab, the king of Samaria, the Senator from
Florida would come in, and by a forced sale strip
this institution of this remnant of land. Sir, I
cannot believe that Florida, after the persecution
and tribulation which she is said to have gone
through, could play such a part. She should not
forget that, in the same place where Naboth the
Jezreelite was staled to death, his blood was licked
up by the dogs, and hidden under the walls of
Jezreel. You talk about these deaf and dumb
people, as if you wanted an armed occupation
bill against them after having got an armed occu-
pation bill against the Seminole Indians. Doe?
the State of Florida desire to seize this remnant
of our heritage, and drive from her borders those
whom God, by a visitation of his providence, has
deprived of the ordinary attributes of humanity,
as she drove out from her borders the bloody stain
of savages. &
Sir, this is not Kentucky's land; it belongs to
this corporation. I suppose there are now fifty
or seventy-five students educated by it. They
learn to be mechanics and clerks. They corre-
spond well. They get on well in all the business
of life. They intermarry not only with one an-
other but with others. They conduct business
prosperously. They seem to be waked up to a
new existence. They are morally impressed in
such away that, as I have told you, I never heard
of a moral delinquency among them. I have
been struck with one thing:-three or four of the
girls there, on account of their beauty and accom-
plishments, have married some of the cleverest
men in the whole country, and it is said they
make none the worst wives because they cannot
talk. [Laughter.] I know one or two men who
have married them who are remarkably clever
gentlemen. In going along the street you see
about them no hen-pecked or hang-dog counte-
nance. You cannot tell from their appearancc that
they are married men, and that their wives are
