1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
583
cousins to Mrs. Caudle. They are happy and
contented, and get on in good style? They cul-
tivate farms and make fortunes.
Every consideration that can appeal to a man's
humanity might be adduced .in support of the
merits of this institution. Why shall not their
request be granted for the slight extension of time ?
Suppose you force them to sell their land at once,
as I have already said, some fellow who hovers
around the reefs of Florida, or some land-pirate
in Kentucky who would disgrad# our penitentiary,
will buy it; and what is the advantage ? Then
you take it from this noble purpose, and sell it to
speculators. I care not whether they be Ken-
tucky or Florida men. I know there arc bad men
everywhere. There is only a remnant of one or
two thousand acres of this land left. Suppose
you get some fellow to come in, and by a kind of
administration ile son tort, to administer before
death the interest of a parcel of deafs and mutes,
would that be any advantage to the settlement of
the country? Why, sir, if a man of that sort
"were to go in, he would be foredoomed of God,
and addicted to evil forever. It is not the quantum
of population that makes a country; it is its qual-
ity and character. You might as well toll me
that I should be benefited in my little village at
home, if some fellow were to come there, squat on
the village churchyard, claim the right to plow
up the burial-places, and tufn the church into a
butcher's shop or a groggery, and say it was a
benefit to have the population increased. There
is nothing in that idea. I have frequently heard
gentlemen from the land States talk about the great
advantage of having their States settled 
Mr. YULEE. Allow me to interrupt the hon-
orable Senator, as 1 presume he lias gat through
the principal part of his argument. As his re-
marks are very impressive on this subject as well
as on others, l dislike to interrupt him; but I can,
perhaps, save him the trouble of proceeding fur-
ther.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I will will-
ingly give way; all I want is to pass Uie bill. I
do not intend to say anything about the Senator
or the State of Florida. The fact is, I suppose
the reason why the land has not been sold is, that,
like some other land in Florida, it is white pine
land covered by sand and occupied by Seminoles
or crocodiles, so that no one will buy it. [Laugh-
ter.] However, I hope the Senator will look into
this subject; and, if he does, I have no doubt he
himself will next year introduce a bill to give us
nn additional township of land for this institu-
tion.
Mr. YULEE. I was only going to say that I
had requested of the Senator information in re-
spect to the quantity of land, and was not aware
that he was in possession of the means of inform-
ing me until to-day. The letter which he has
read, I suppose, he has received from his colleague
recently. The amount now si^ms to be compar-
atively small—less than two thousand acres. The
principal objection to the extension of the time
was, that it was supposed there was a large quan-
tity of land which, by being withhold from sale,
impeded the settlement of the country. Under-
standing, however, that there are only one or two
thousand acres, I will withdraw my objection;
but I do so with the expression of the hope that
some effort will be made to dispose of the lands,
that they may be brought into cultuie.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. The State
of Kentucky last year gave $10,000 to this insti-
tution. We are buying apparatus, erecting build-
ings, and putting everything into complete order.
I think this measure is more for the benefit of
Florida than of Kentucky. We want to have
the land sold and get the money for this institu-
tion, so as to benefit all the South and Southwest.
Kentucky is not specially conccined in it. This
institution, like our medical schools and colleges,
to which students come fiom Alabama, Missis-
sippi, and Louisiana, is not for Kentucky alone.
We do not exclude others. This institution ought
to have twice as much land, and fifty years in
which to sell it, if that time be needed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator^
from Florida, I understand, withdraws his amend-
ment.
Mr. YULEE. Yes, sir. The land is so small
in amount that it cannot be a matter of very great
interest.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
IMPROVEMENT OF WESTERN RIVERS.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The bill (S. No. 505)
making an appropriation for the improvement of
the Mississippi ^Missouri, Ohio, and Arkansas
rivers, by contract, was made the special order for
the 22d of last month, but has not yet been reached
in consequence of other gentlemen asking for
preference and postponing prior orders. I do not
desire to be in the way of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] if he wishes to get up
his Wolf Island resolution now; but I desire that
this bill be now taken up and postponed until to-
morrow, or if to-morrow is to be appropriated to
private bills, to the day after, so that the passage
of the bill maybe progressed with. I, therefore,
move to take up the bill (S. No. 505.) I wish
some progress made in the bill by reading the
title, and then I will consent to a motion to post-
pone it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded as in Committee of the Whole to consider
the bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I move to postpone
that bill, and proceed to the consideration of the
resolution in regard to Wolf Island.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If to-morrow is to be taken
up by private bills, I will yield to the Senator's
motion to postpone to Saturday.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I move to postpone it
to Saturday.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will not object to that.
Mr. GEYER. if this bill be postponed, other
special orders will have preference.
Mr. STUART. It will then be where it is now.
The PRESIDENT pto tempore. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Louisiana, that the next
special order is the bill to compensate agents for
paying pensions; and,after that, is the bill referred
to by the Senator fiom Louisiana, now in its
order on the Calendar.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then I will leave the bill
where it is, with the understanding that we shall
take it up on Saturday. 1 shall certainly call it
up on that day.
WOLF ISLAND.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I now move to post-
pone all prior orders, with a view to take up the
joint resolution (S. K. No. 30) concerning Wolf
Island.
Mr. GEYER. Theie arc several special orders
prior to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is to postpone all prior orders.
Mr. GLYER. There was a special order on
my motion for January 27—the bill to provide for
the payment of horses and other property lost or
destroyed in the military service of the United
States, which 1 desire to have disposed of. It
was postponed for the accommodation of the Sen-
ator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter.] It is im-
portant. that it should be disposed of. There are
amendments which the House of Representatives
will have to act on, if it pass the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question on the motion of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, to postpone all puor orders,
and proceed to the eonsideiation of the joint res-
olution concerning Wolf Island.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, us in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the joint resolution, which declares that the
island m the Mississippi river long known as
Wolf Island, and commonly so called, situated
opposite to the shores of the county of Hickman,
Iventucky, and forming, according to the laws of
Kentucky, a part of that county, was neverapart
of Louisiana, or included within the territory
ceded by Franco to the United Slates, by the
treaty concluded at Paris on the 30th of April,
1803, between the two nations; and the United
States recognize that island as part of the State
of Kentucky, and disclaim ever to have had any
proprietary right or title thereto.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The resolution states
that Wolf Island was never a part of Louisiana.
I wish to amend it by striking out the words,
" never a part of Louisiana," and to insert, " was
never recognized by the United States as a pait
of Louisiana, or rccognizcd or claimed by them
as included," <fcc.
The original resolution affirms the fact that it
was never a part of the Territory of Louisiana,
as ceded by France to the United States. In lieu
of that phraseology, I propose to say, was never
recognized by the united States as part of Louis-
iana, or claimed by them as part of the territory
ceded by France to the United States. That is
the substance of the amendment,
Mr. GEYER. I shall object to this resolution
in either form, because I look upon it as an un-
warrantable influence by Congress with a contro-
verted question of jurisdiction between two sov-
ereign States of this Union. The States of Ken-
tucky and Missouri both claim jurisdiction over
this island. ThcState of Missouri—under the act
of the sixth of March, 1820, authorizing the people
of that then Territory to form a constitution and"
State government—had its boundaries'" defined.
Those boundaries were ratified by the constitution
adopted in convention;and from that moment the
dispute, if there was one, became a judicial ques-
tion, in which the United States have no rightto
interfere. I do not know that the State of Mis-
souri cares much about Wolf Island; but as one
of her representatives here I do care, and beg leave
to protest against thctinterferunce of Congiess in
a question which belongs to the judicial depart-
ment of this Government, to the prejudice of the
State I represent.
This resolution is brought up here upon a peti-
tion by some claimants to the land on Wolf
Island, under grants from the State of Kentucky.
They have exhibited here ea:;>arfe affidavits. The
State of Missouri was not a party. They have
got some intimation that perhaps the main chan-
nel of the Mississippi was, at different periods to
which they have called the attention of witnesses,
upon the east side of Wolf Island; but all that
testimony is intended to establish facts which, if
of any importance at all, belong to the judicial
departmentof the Government to settle. 1 should
have no sort of objection, m oidcr to quiet the
titles of the possessors of the land on Wolflsland
holding under the State of Kentucky, that the
United States should relinquish to the State of
Kentucky, for the benefit of her grantees, all the
title the United States may have in the lands, and
. that is all these petitioners ought to ask or Con-
gress to grant.
But what does this resolution affirm ? It affirms
as a fact that the United States never did claim
Wolf Island as a part of Louisiana. It is an at-
tempt to make a disclaimer by the United States
of jurisdiction over that island under the treaty
with Louisiana, after the United States have
ceased to have any interest in the question. That
would be precisely as if the United States, after
having made a grant of lands, should undertake
to settle the title between adversary claimants to
the same land by an net of Congress.
But, Mr. President, it is not strictly true that
the United States never did claim it. The United
States speuk only by their agents. Congress has
never passed an act claiming it. But that land,
like every other piece of land supposed to be
within the jurisdiction of the United States, and
belonging to this Government as proprietor, has
been acted upon by its agents in the Department
formerly of the Treasury, butnowofthe Interior,
under the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, and this island has been surveyed by the
authority of the United States. It was about to
be brought into market by the authority of the
United States. There is among the documents
on file here the evidence that it was surveyed, and
that the oificial authorities of the United States
declared the channel of the river to be on the east
side of Wolf Island. It is because the United
States were about to sell this land that these me-
morialists came before Congress; it is therefore
not true as a fact that the United States have never
claimed it. If the honorable Senator means by
this resolution that Congress or the President is
the United States, I am willing to concede that
they have never asserted a title to it by proclama-
tion of the President, or by an act of Congress;
but all the authorities that act in relation to the
public lands have asserted a title to it. A part of
your appropriation has been applied to the survey
of that island, and it was about to be brought
into market, which, as I have said, originated this
petition.
But, sir, suppose it to be true that the United
States have never claimed it, what business of
Congress is it now, the question being a judicial
