58<f
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
ready to surrender Wolf Island if it be an object,
or all claim they have to it, to Kentucky. But
•what I object to is this: that we shall here enter
into the question at all. I am willing to quiet
the titles so far as the United States can quiet
them, but I am against affirming any fact as mat-
ter of evidence, or which shall have a tendency
to decide any question of fact that may become
material, if the two States shall think proper to
controvert that question before the appropriate
foruirf. That is the only reason why I would
prefer the phraseology of the amendment of the
honorable Senator from Michigan.
Mr. COLLAMER. Both the Senators from
Kentucky inquire why it is improper for us to state
a fact which we believe to be true ? I am unwill-
ing to vote on this question without stating the
difficulty in my mind, showing the impropriety
of the original resolution. The honorable Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] asks whether,
kflhman has parted with a portion of his manor,
oSff a question arises about the boundaries of that
portion, it is not always proper for him to concede
that he never claimed such and such boundaries
if in fact he never did? I think there is an im-
propriety, even if the fact be so to his conviction.
In this case, I take it that the question of juris-
diction is the only question which can arise be-
tween the two States concerned. The jurisdic-
tion of the United States, if they ever had any
over this island as the purchasers of Louisiana,
has passed from us, and has vested in Missouri.
Missouri has received her jurisdiction, if she has
.any, by grant from the United States. And I say
it is improper for the grantor, after he has made
a grant affecting the rights of third parties, to
make an admission concerning their rights, and
it should not be received in court. Concessions
made in regard to boundaries by the owner of the
lands against himself may very well be made, but
■when he has parted with his interest, and the
•juestion of boundary is disputed by third parties,
it is improper for him to ipakc a disclaimer after
he has made the grant. It should not be received
in evidence, and therefore should not be made at
nil. That is my objection to stating what this
resolution declares as a matter of fact, that we
never claimed any jurisdiction over this island. I
am not perfectly certain as to that fact. I do not
see how to reconcile it with the acknowledged
fact, that the Commissioner of the General Land
Office of the United States has ordered this island
to be surveyed. That is certainly some claim.
I am not prepared to say absolutely that the
United States have never through any function-
aries of the Government made any claim; but
even if I were convinced of that, it seems to me
now, in relation to this question between third
parties, we ought not to interfere at all. Under
this view, I much prefer the amendment of the
Senator from Michigan, which is a simple dis-
claimer of all title on the part of the United States.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Mr. Presi-
dent, my honorable colleague has, I think,already
sufficiently elucidated this matter, and I have
only a few words to say. I have been repeatedly
at Wolf Island. 1 know the State of Kentucky
lias exercised jurisdiction over it. She lias sold
the lands there. The people there have voted in
our elections. The claim of Missouri to juris-
diction, if any is really set up 011 her part, is a
recent matter. The claim of Kentucky would
not only bear a writ of ejectment in this country,
but even a writ of right in England, in any of its
forms. We have exercised jurisdiction from the
beginning. 1 do not wish to go into the question
of the rights of riparian owners by accretion and
alluvion, and how a change of streams might
affect this matter.
This claim of Missouri, if any be set up by her
Legislature, isa recent jne. For forty years past,
the people of Missouri, nearly half of whom are
Kentuckians by birth or descent, have passed
Wolf Island repeatedly, and have always consid-
ered it a part of the State of Kentucky. It has
always been so regarded. _ There has been no
sudden, violent change, which would divest the
claim of Kentucky. I would say to any Ken-
tucko-Missourian, do you pretend that, when
you went from your father and mother in the
State of Kentucky, forty years ago, and stopped
to wood a steamboat at Wolf Island, you did not
find Kentuckians there who regarded themselves
aa within her jurisdiction i Any attempt to trans-
fer the title to the State of Missouri would abso-
lutely strike with surprise the inhabitants of this
island. If the Legislature of Missouri sends us
any protest on the subject, I apprehend it is a
contrivance got up by speculators. 1 will not say
that it looks to me like a border-ruffian proceeding,
for I rather like the border-ruffians, but it seems
to me as if they had mistaken the points of the
compass, and were running down on their friends
in Kentucky, instead of directing themselves to
Kansas. I rather think Wolf Island was rightly
named; and this attempt of theirs looks as if the
original inhabitants might come to claim it, al-
though, as I have already said, the possession of
Kentucky has been so long and so uninterrupted
as not only to bar a writ of ejectment, but even
a writ of right. If I were Governor of Kentucky
I would take possession ofthe island at once; and
if any United States officer attempted to survey
it or take possession of it, I would try him for
rebellion or treason.
Virginia exercised jurisdiction over this island
when she was the proprietor of the territory now
included in the Commonwealth of Kentucky.
Kentucky herself has exercised continual juris-
diction. Now Missouri, a new State, it is said,
claims that jurisdiction. God only knows what
these new land States will do after a while 1 I do
not wish to go into that subject now, as it is
rather late in the evening. As far as Virginia is
concerned, I know she claims no interest in the
public lands, and did not go for Mr. Clay's dis-
tribution bill; and although a magnificent, liberal
old State who gave away all this domain, I do
ftot think she has now enough for a burial-place
for General Washington. If she had not a rest-
ing place for him within her own borders, and if
he were to die now, I suppose he would hardly
get that much.
There is a part of Kentucky which is cut off
in another direction; and in order to get to the
court-house at Hickman, a part of our people
have to travel through the State of Tennessee. I
suppose there will be another " partition of Po-
land" there. Sir, we of Kentucky have been
hardly dealt by, but we are now getting to be a
Democratic State, and I suppose we shall have a
little justice after awhile. [Laughter.] We have
never yet had anything that we ought to have.
If any Kentucko-Missourian who knows from
his father and history that this island belonged to
Kentucky, should come back to claim it now, it
would be like a prodigal son coming home to see
his oh! mother and running off with the carriage
horse to plow the graveyard; or running away
with the old gray mare on which his mother used
to rido to church. I know there are thousands
of Kentuckians in Missouri. They form half
the State. I have thousands of relations and
kinsfolk there. I must say, however, that I think
this is an ungracious proceeding on the part of
Missouri.
I hope the amendment of my colleague will be
| adopted, and the resolution passed. I do not
think the attitude of Missouri in this matter, if
she sets up any claim, is a very proper one in
trying to snatch this island from Kentucky. Even
as a matter of taste I think it improper. As a
matter of political justice, leaving out the legal
question as to riparian rights, there is nothing to
controvert the claim of Kentucky. 1 do not in-
tend, however, to argue the legal question.
The amendment of Mr. Crittenden was re-
jected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the following amendment of the Sen-
ator from Michigan as a substitute:
That the United States hereby disclaims all title to any
and all lands on Wolf Island, in the Mississippi river: Pro-
vided, That nothing herein contained shall be construed as
in any manlier affecting the question of jurisdiction over
said island as between the States of Kentucky and Mis-
souri.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole was concurred in. It A
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, Iras
read the third time, and passed.
COMMERCE OF THE COUNTRY.
Mr. STUART. There was laid 011 the table
yesterday morning an important communication
from the Secretary of State, which was ordered to
be printed. I now aak leave to submit a resolu-
tion, referring to the Committee on Printing the
propriety of printing additional copies of it. They
may determine whether any shall be printed, and
if so, how many:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to inquire and report to the Senate whetherany extra copies
of the Annual Report on Commerce from the Secretary of
State should be printed for the use of the Senate, and if so,
what number.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
On motion of Mr. STUART, the Senate ad-
journed.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 5, 1857.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday wasreadand approved.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order was the consideration of a bill (S. No. 493)
to expedite telegraphic communication for the
use of the Government in its foreign intercourse;
the pending question being on the motion to re-
commit the same to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
MOTION TO RECONSIDER.
Mr. NICHOLS. Before that matter is taken
up, I desire to make a motion to reconsider a vote
of yesterday. A resolution was adopted yester-
day providing for the printing of the annual
report of the State Department upon commercial
statistics in a certain manner. I move to reconsider
the vote by which that resolution was adopted.
I wish the motion only to be entered now, intend-
ing to call it up at some future time.
The motion was entered.
SUBMARINE TELEGRAPH.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I withdraw my
motion to recommit to the Committee of Ways
and Means the bill (S. No. 493) to expedite tele-
graphic communication for the use of the Govern-
ment in its foreign intercourse, and ask to put the
bill upon its passage; and upon that I demand the
previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to ask the '
gentleman from Ohio if he is really in earnest in
his effort to put such a bill as this upon its pas-
sage without giving us a chance to say a word
about it?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order pend-
ing the call for the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that there be a call
of the House.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFEIl. I hope the gentleman
from Ohio will permit us to examine this bill, and
give us at least a day for that purpose.
Mr. HOUSTON. We ought to have more
time than that.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the motion that there be a call of the
House.
The yeas and nays«were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 60, nays 104; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Bark&dale, Bell, Hendley
S. Bennett, Bowie, Bianoh, Oarlile, Howell Cobb, Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Crawford, Davidson,
Denver, Dunn, Edmundson, Elliott, Faulkner, Florence,
Gilbert, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Haven, llxckman,
Hodges, Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J.
Glancy Jones, Letchcr, Lumpkm. McQueen, Ktllian Miller,
Millson, Mordecai Oliver, Paine, Peck, Pettit, Phelps, Pow-
ell, Purviance, Quitman, Ricaud, Ruflin, Rust, Sandidge,
Shorter, William Smith, Stewart,' Talbou, Taylor, Thurs-
ton, Ty?on, Underwood, Vail, Valk, Daniel B. Wright,and
ZoilicofFer—60.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Benson,
Bishop, Bliss, Boyce, Bradshaw, Brenton,Buffinton, James
Ii. Campbell, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaf-
fee, Clawson, CJinginan, Comins, Covode, Cragin, Cum-
back, Jacob C. Davis, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, DeWitt,
Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edwards, Etheridge, Flagler,
Galloway, Garnett, Goode, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hail,
Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Harrison, Herbert, Holloway,
Thomas R. Iiorton, Valentine B. Ilraton, Howaid, Hughs-
ton, Knapp, Knight, Knox, Kunkel, Lake, Leiter, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McCarty,
Smith Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Morrison, Murray, Nichols,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pennington, Pike, Porter, p.
Pringle, Puryear, Ready, Robbing, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, .
Seward, Sherman, Simmons, Sneed, Spmner, Stanton,
Stranahan, Swope, Thormgton, Todd, Trafton, Trippe,
Wade, YVakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Walker, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Welch, Wells, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Wood,
and Woodrun-—104.
go a call of the House was refused.
