1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
587
Pending the call,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, stated that Mr.
Burnett had been detained in his room for the
last two or three days by severe indisposition.
Mr. SHORTER stated that Mr. DowoELLwas
confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that he had been re-
quested to say to the House, that Mr. Evans was
very sick, ana therefore detained from the House.
Mr. GROW stated that Mr. Pearck has been
at home sick for some time, and that accounted
for his absence from the House.
Mr. BENSON stated that Mr. Knowlton was
unwell at his room.
PRESIDENTIAL VOTES.
m A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had adopted the following
resolution, reported by the joint committee ap-
pointed by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives to ascertain and report a mode of examining
the votes for President and Vice President of the
United States, and of notifying the persons elected
of their election:
Resolved, That the two Houses will assemble in the
Chamber of the House of Representatives <5n Wednesday,
the 11th instant, at twelve o'clock, and the President of the
Senate pro tempore shall be the presiding officer; that one
person be appointed a teller on the part of the Senate, and
two on the part of the House of Representatives, to make
a list of the votes as they shall be declared; that the result
shall be delivered to the President of the Senate jtro te?n-
poi e, who shall announce the state of the vote and the per-
sons fleeted to the two Houses assembled 5 which shall be
deemed a declaration of the persons elected President and
Vice President of the United States, and, together with a
list of votes, entered on the Journals of the two Houses.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the
resolution from the Senate be now considered. It
is the report of the joint committee of the two
Houses upon this subject, and is in the form pre-
scribed in Jefferson's Manual, and which has
been uniformly adhered to heretofore, I believe.
I move that the resolution be agreed to.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
Speaker appoint the tellers provided for in the
resolution to be appointed upon the part of the
House.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
thereupon appointed Messrs. Jones, of Tennes-
see, and Howard as the tellers on the part of
the House.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled an act
making appropriations for the consular and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the year
ending 30th June, 1858; when the Speaker signed
the same.
SUBMARINE TELEGRAPH AGAIN.
The SPEAKER stated that the question re-
curred on the demand for the previous question
upon ordering the submarine telegraphic bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr, PENNINGTON. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw his motion for the previous question
until I can offer an amendment?
The SPEAKER. The amendment can be re-
ceived only by unanimous consent.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have no objec-
tion to hearing it road.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I can, in a few words,
make the House understand the nature of the
amendment much better than by having it read.
There is a proviso in the bill which reads thus:
Provided further, That the United States and the citizens
thereof hli.ill «:njo> the use of the said submarine telegraph
communication for a period of fifty years, on the bame
terms and condition* which shall be .stipulated in favor of
the Government ol Great Britain,and the subjects thereof,
in the contract so to be entered into by such per&on, per
sons, or association, with that Government.
In other words, it limits the advantages which
the United States are to derive from this contract
to fifty years, as similar to those which are to be
given to the Government of Great Britain. The
object of my amendment is to extend the term
beyond fifty years, and to make it applicable to
all future time. The provision, if amended, will
read:
Provided further, That the United States and the eiti-
izens thereof shall enjoy the use of the said submarine
telegraph communication at all tunes on the same terms
and conditions which shall be stipulated in favor of the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain, and the subjects thereof, in all
contracts to be entered into by such person, persons, or
association, with that Government.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, called for tellers
on the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wright, of
Tennessee, and Holloway were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes forty-six, noes not counted.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I now submit my
amendment:
Strike out in the twenty-sixth line the words "for a
period of fifty years," and insert in lieu thereof the words
; " at all timesand strike out in the twenty-ninth line the
words "the contract so," and insert in heu thereof the
, words "all contracts."
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I did not expect,
Mr. Speaker, from the vote yesterday taken on
this bill, that I should have an opportunity of
speaking at length on this subject; consequently
I have not here the materials which I had prepared
for my speech. I will, however, ask for no delay,
but proceed to submit some of my views to the
consideration of the House, which I hope will
attract attention and arrest what I conceive to be
a most mistaken and unwise policy.
Mr. Speaker, the first question which I propose
to consider is one which has received very little
consideration in this House. That question is
the power of this Government to originate this
enterprise. What power over this subject have
we ? What power have we to establish a tele-
graphic line through foreign parts and beyond the
jurisdiction of this Government? It is, perhaps,
the most remarkable proposition ever entertained
in the history of any free Government, and espe-
cially of any Government with limited powers.
Here we are gravely proposing to appropriate
from the Treasury large sums of the public money
| in support of a scheme entirely outside of the
jurisdiction of the Government, with its termini,
at all events, situated in foreign parts. Sir, where
is the constitutional power for this? Are wo
really here under the Constitution, with limited
grants of power, or are we not ? Are we a Fed-
eral, or are we a national power? Are we here
with no powers except those granted by the Con-
stitution, or are we herewith all poweis,granted
or not granted 5 We are acting here as though
there was no limitation to our power, no check
save our individual conscience and individual will.
I say that, in my judgment, there is no power in
this Government to act on such a subject.
But, laying aside that for the present, (for I
have said enough, I am sure, to awaken the reflec-
tion of this House,) what is the next proposition ?
Why, it is avowed by those who originated this
scheme—it is proclaimed in the very application
submitted to the Government—that this telegraph
line will constructed, whether we favor it or
not. I wish the House to understand that the
very friends of this project tell us that, whether
we give it our assistance or not, the work will go
on. Then I ask gentlemen of this House on what
principle of utilitarianism it can be urged that we
should support thisscheme, when itis to be carried
on with or without that assistance ? I would be
glad to hear on what principle it is that our coop-
eration can be asked m the face of such a demon-
stration as that ?
It seems to me that there is a purpose and
intention to run this Government into every sort
of private enterprise that individual thought and
intelligence may suggest. It seems to be the
policy of this Government never to allow a com-
bination of individuals for any enterprise to go on
without our interference and connection with it
in some shape or form. 1 ask if it is wise? It
was the policy of our institutions, and of our
fathers, not only to have no entangling alliances
with foreign Governments, but to have none with
private enterprises; and now we are originating
all manner of schemes. Why, there was only
yesterday introduced for our consideration a res-
olution to investigate the title of the Dutch to an
island in the Pacific ocean. Not satisfied with
that, it is proposed to make us a partner in a pri-
vate enterprise, which will be successfully estab-
lished, whether we cooperate or not.
But it may be said that this work is intended
to secure advantages to the Government of the
CJmted States. What advantages? Are they ad-
vantages of war, or are they advantages of ptace ?
Why, sir, how could advantages accrue to us in
■war, when this very line itself is in foreign parts
—when it is to be under the control of foreign
agents ? Take it as an ad vantage of peace. What
advantage does the Government of the United
States realize from it in this respect? Do we want
to transmit our foreign intercourse by this tele-
graphic agency? In every view, it must be con*
ceded that it would be an improper and unwise
proceeding to transmit confidential matter over
these wires.
But gentlemen say that the Government may
use a cipher. We can just as well use a cipher
without becoming a partner in this concern.
Apart from these considerations, sir, how often
would we use this telegraph line? If the matter
be unimportant, we should use it as an individual
would use it; we should use it as necessity or
circumstances required. If it be important, we
all well know that the Government would never
venture to trust such dispatches to this mean^of
communication. A special agent would take it
in charge, to the placc for which it was intended.
There could be few emergencies in public affairs
which would render the use of this means of com-
munication in any way necessary ; and even then,
we must recollect that the termini of the wires
are on a foreign soil.
Let us look at the question in another point of
view. It is estimated that the undertaking is to
cost <£350,000 sterling; and that, too, without any
connection of the Government. What is pro-
pose ? That all the benefit from the commercial
and general intelligence to pass over this line shall
inure alone to the benefit of this company ? No;
but it is proposed that the Government of the
United States and the Government of England
shall each pay an annual allowance sufficient to
pay four per cent, on the investment. Viewed
m that light, it is a most extraordinary pioposi-
tion. In this day, when money can be readily
obtained at five per cent., this company modestly
proposes to the Governments of England and the
United States, that they shall pay eight per cent,
on the entire investment. Sir, that is not all. It
is actually proposed that these two Governments
shall undertake a material part of the expense;
that they shall furnish ships for the use of this
company, tu enable them to lay down this cable
with facility and ease. This, we know, consti-
tutes a most important part of the expense. We
are to pay this company not only eight per cent,
on its outlay, but we are to contribute that ma-
terial item of the expense. In this view of the
question, itis most extraordinary in its character.
But, Mr. Speaker, that is not all. If we have
occasion to use this line, we arc to use it up to the
amount of our appropriation. After the #70,000
is exhausted in the transmission of messages,
<fec., we arc to pay for messages in addition, just
exactly what is paid by individuals. We are to
iose ail, and to gain nothing, by this enterprise.
If our service amounts to less than &70,0U0, there
is to be 110 reimbursement 10 us. If it amounts
to more, we are to pay the excess. I ask, then,
whether the Representatives of the people will
tolerate such a proposition, admitting that wc
have the power? whether they will agree to a con-
tract of such unequal elements? Yet so it is.
1 know it is alleged that this line will benefit tho
agricultural and plantingand commercial intciests
of the country. In what manner? I would like
to know m what respect that possibly can be the
case? I maintain that it will in no wise aid them.
How is commercial intelligence to be tt ansmittedJ
By the Governments of England and the United
States? No. Commercial intelligence is to be
transmitted by those engaged in thfc tiade between
the two countries. Suppose there is a fluctuation
in the price of cotton m England: the English
merchant, in connectiqyji with the trader of this
country, will of course send the intelJijfltoce over
this wire, and 111 that way it will become a ques-
tion of competition between usjustasat present.
flow, then, aie we to be benefited by this tele-
graph? Can it protect us against speculators?
Can it prevent advantage being obtained over us
more than at present? Certainly not. I main-
tain that, instead of being a corrective of specu-
lation, it will be the ministering angel to it.
How ? gentlemen may ask. In the plainest of all
possible ways. Here is an English house located
at the end of the line, which will, of course, hu
in a position eo m nrst to u^e this commumca-
