THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
tion. If there be fluctuation in the cotton market,
will'not that house, by sending the first intelli-
gence to, Ins correspondent here, secure unmis-
takable priority.' Is tlfere an American interest
that is likely to prevail over an English one,
with the termini of the line on English territory ?
Look at the manner in which intelligence is now
• carried between the two countries.
It is represented to us that the American line
of steamers is quicker than the English line. If
that be true, it may be possible for us to realize
some advantages. We may get American inform-
ation first, that will protect the interests involved
in our great staples; but when we have to rely
on these wires, and they terminate in the English
dominions, English speculators will necessarily
and inevitably realize all the advantage from the
operation. Those who are interested in this thing,
in an American sense, will be bound to go to the
wall. There will be no equality. With steam-
ship communication we have a chance to secure
sSme advantage. With this line of telegraph all
advantage must necessarily inure to the British
speculator, and not to the advantage of the Amer-
ican speculator.
It is allege'd that this line would be a protection
to the flour trade. So far from that, the same
argument will apply to this that I have just made
with reference to the staple interests of the coun-
try. I say, then, that we ought not to go in hot
haste to the adoption of this proposition. We
ought not to be precipitated into final action on
this subject.
It has been represented—and members' flesks
have been loaded with such misrepresentations—
that this is the only feasible line by which this
intelligence can be transmitted; that the points
named are the only ones from which a wire can
connect. What is the fact? We have it an-
nounced that another company has been organ-
ized in Europe for laying down a line directly to
this country. I know very well that the gentle-
men who are pressing this particular operation
here, and are asking oursupportto this bill, deny
that such a company could possibly have been
formed without their knowledge. Yetthepapers
announce it to be a fact; and yet, in the face of that
intimation,are we to commit ourselves to such a
bill as this, which places the termini of the line
in foreign dominions, which is an unconstitu-
tional measure, as I conceive, and a most ques-
tionable matter as a private enterprise? I say
there is no reason why we should undertake to
move in this matter; why we should grant what
is asked of lis; or why this bill should find fafor
here. Every consideration, whether you regard
it in a business light, or as a question of power,
or as a question of dignity, ought to restrain us
from the passage of this bill. I insist upon it,
that it does not become the Government of the
United States to blend its official action with pri-
vate enterprises. I maintain that it is unbecom-
ing this Government to engage in personal enter-
prises or private companies, especially when those
companies announce their perfect ability to go
without our assistance or aid. 1 trust the House
will not give its official sanction to this bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I have made up my mind,
upon reflection, to vote for this bill; and 1 ask the
attention of the House while I give the reasons
which have induced me to come to that conclu-
sion. And first, in regard to the constitutional
power of the Government. If the Government
of the United States possesses the power to enter
into postal treaties Witli foreign Governments, and
to pay £>800.000 per annum to support our ocean
mail steamer service, it has the same power to
bring the sai^ie intelligence upon this cable at a
less expense than the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Smi-i h j concedes we have the power to do
by employing steamers.
Mr. SSMI1H, of Virginia. I trust the gentle-
man will not do me the injustice to suppose I
concede any such thing. I hope the gentleman
will lay down correct premises before he proceeds
to deduce conclusions.
Mr. SEWARD. I will lay them down. I
assert that the gentleman from Virginia, for the
purpose of destroying this enterprise, said that
you might get correct commercial intelligence by
your line of steamers; whereas this wire would
be in the hands of British speculators. The line
of steamers was used as an argument why we
should not embark in this enterprise.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope and trust that
I shall live to see the day when we shall have ocean
steamers without relying upon Government aid.
And I want the gentleman to understand that I
am not one of those who recognize the constitu-
tionality of these postal lines outside the limits
of the United States.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, whether the gentleman
recognizes it or not, the general opinion of this
country is against him; and I think that the opin-
ion of theCongress of the United States, so often
expressed, is much more valuable to the country
than the gentleman's individual opinion founded
upon the abstractions he generally advocates in
this House. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, if it bo true that the British, at the
end of this telegraphic communication, would
have control of it, and by it could control the
trade of this country, and aid in speculation;
still, if, as the gentleman says, it is to be put
down whether we aid or not, I submit to the
gentleman and to the House, whether the power
in the hands of the British merchants would not
be much greater to inflict an injury upon this
country, if it were made a monopoly in the hands
of the British Government?
Now, sir, this is not an enterprise sustained by
the British Government, or by the Government
of the United States. It is in the hands of a
company consisting of American citizens and
British subjects; and they propose—and the con-
tract has already been entered into, so far as
Great Britain is concerned—that upon the. pay-
ment of four per cent, a certain amount of com-
munication shall be secured to the British Gov-
ernment, and by the payment of a like sum by
the United States, the same privilege shall be
secured to this Government,and that amount, in
Federal money, is §70,000 per annum. And yet,
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] when
at the last session of Congress he submitted a
project in favor of the Vanderbilt line, for the
purpose of supplanting the Collins line of steam-
ers, was willing to pay a much larger amount of
money than this §70,000.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will remark to
the House that it is a little singular that upon so
grave and so great a public question, the gentle-
man should undertake to settle it by reference to
individual opinions of members. A false argu-
ment, of course, must lead to no coriect conclu-
sion; but in reference to the proposition of last
session, to which the gentleman has referred,
everybody knows my position upon it. I am
laboring, and shall labor most assiduously, to
reduce the system and destroy it if I can, and to
render it as simple and as little obnoxious as pos-
sible. If the gentleman can make anything out of
that matter, he is at liberty to do so.
Mr. SEWARD. Various opinions are enter-
tained about the arguments which sfe made in
this House; and I know of no gentleman, if I
may be allowed to judge, who more frequently
resorts to false arguments than the gentleman
from Virginia himself, for I have never heard him
upon this floor make a sound argument upon any
constitutional question whatever. [Laughter.]
But, sir, if the gentleman believes that the Gov-
ernment has no power under the Constitution to
establish ocean mail-steamers or this telegraphic
line of communication, I think it does not lie in
his mouth to complain now, after presenting the
bill which he did last session. He is guilty, not
only of making a false argument, but of incon-
sistency between his arguments and his action.
Now, let us look to this question. There are
upwards of forty thousand miles of telegraphic
wire in the United States, entering into every
region and point of commercial interest in this
country. It is also estimated that there are sixty
thousand miles of the same kind of communica-
tion in Europe; and we propose to connect those
two extensive lines of communication upon both
sides of the Atlantic by aiding this project by the
expenditure of J70,000 a year. Now, sir, I say
that it will be a commercial benefit to the whole
country. It is a benefit to my people, and I think
that great good will be achieved by it when a
merchant in my district, in the city of Savannah,
can sit down in the morning and inquire from his
correspondent in Liverpool what is the price of
cotton? It will have the same effect in Charles-
ton; tlie same in Richmond; the same in New
Orleans and Mobile. And, sir, intelligence is not
confined to merchants only; but, under this bill,
every man in this country will have a right to
the same information, and through the same
means.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. How long will it
take to get a communication in Savannah from
Liverpool ?
Mr. SEWARD. How long will it take the
gentleman to get a communication from Hew ;
York to the city of Nashville, in his own State?
As soon as telegraphic communications are re-
ceived, they are published in the newspapers; and
how long does it take the people to read them ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I propound this
question to the gentleman from Georgia: If there
were a fluctuation in cotton—the great staple on
which the commercial system of the country
rests, and if the cotton merchant or manufac-
turer gets possession of the line in England, will
not the information which he sends across the
ocean be received, and have its effect throughout
the whole country, before the American dispatches
can be received? and^will not many mischiefs
arise from this?
Mr. SEWARD. In answer to the gentleman's
argument, I say that the difference m point of
time would amount to nothing. If it did amount
to anything, the same difficulty arises in reference
to steamers. The gentleman might as well ask
me if a man happened to put the last letter in the „
post office at Liverpool, containing the latest in- '*
telligence, whether he would not have an advant-
age? But what difference in thepurchaseof cotton
will ten minutes' difference of time make. Why,
a man would not have time to enter into veryex-
tensive operations, especially if he had to go into
the country to buy cotton.
Now, I want my people to have the news as
quick as anybody. But the gentleman from Vir-
ginia insists that, because the termini of the line
are in the British dominions, the Biitish mer-
chants will have the advantage of telegraphing to
the United States, and we can have no means of
ascertaining the truth for ourselves.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would be glad if
the gentleman from Georgia would inform me
how long the intelligence would take to cross the
ocean. As to the lines of steamers, the American
line is usually faster than the British; but they
fluctuate, sometimes one way and sometimes the
other. In the practical working of this telegraph
line, however, advantage would necessarily inure
to England.
Mr. SEWARD. I did not know that our line
of steamers secured to the people of the United
States any exclusive privileges which the British
people had not.
Now, the gentleman talks about war. Why,
in such a contingency as that, no human legisla-
tion can provide against the gentleman's antici-
pation. The moment war breaks out between
nations, treaties become abrogated—they amount
to nothing; but in the war with Great Britain and
Prance on one side, and Russia on the other, not
a solitary telegraphic line was disturbed, and the
communication was kept up all the time.
Mr. Speaker, the provisions of the bill are plain
and simple; and if the Government of the United
States secures no benefit if the enterprise fail,
there is not a dollar to be paid—not a dollar. The
work must be completed—it must be proved to be
successful beforca dollar is invested. Now, will
the gentleman tell me what risk there is in under-
taking to lay down this wire—what its cost will
be? I understand from good authority that the
cost of the wire was §1,100,000. Suppose it
should be lost. Suppose that while they are trying
to sink the cable a storm should overtake them,
and the wire should be lost, who is to make up
the loss of the company by such an accident?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The bill does not
propose to call upon us to pay a cent until the
work is in full operation.
Mr. SEWARD. I know that, and therefore
the risk to the company is the greater. There-
fore, too, $70,000 a year is exceedingly small,
especially when we consider that we now pay
$850,000 odd to keep up one line of ocean mail •
steamers. The Government of the United States
risks nothing. It does not pay a farthing until the
benefits under this bill are secured. The British
Government has entered into that contract, and,
as Lthink, wisely and properly. I think it would
be a piece of folly on the part of the Government
