1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
589
of this country to refuse to putin a similaramount
to secure exactly the same advantages. The Brit-
ish Government, instead of our having these priv-
ileges, might have insisted on its having a monop-
oly of them. The question is, " Shall we come m
now and share in this enterprise, or shall we leave
it all to the British Government, subject to all the
dangers connected with speculation and with war
which the gentleman from Virginia has insisted
on?" We are invited to come in and share in
this great enterprise, and I think we ought not to
refuse the invitation.
Mr. MACE. "I regard the bill before the
House as one of great importance, anil one which,
if adopted, may lead to great results—results not
perhaps anticipated by any one now on the floor
of the House. This bill very properly ema-
nated from the Post Office Committee of the Sen-
ate. It. is a proposition connected immediately
with the postal affairs of the Government; be-
cause, if the telegraph line is established, all the
commercial communications between this coun-
try and Europe will undoubtedly be carried on
over that line—it matters not what the expense
may be. I understand that if we pass this bill
one dollar is to be charged on each word up to
twenty words; after that number of words, the
rate per word is increased, unlike our own tele-
graph lines. The operation of this thing will be
to decrease the revenues from our foreign postage;
because the merchant who now corresponds by
mail will resort to the telegraph. It may be said
that it will effect a reduction of prices in imported
goods. There is nothing more fallacious than
that. If the importer has to pay $100 or $1,000
for his telegraphic correspondence, he will put
it upon the price of the goods. But I do not rise
for the purpose of discussing the question. I rise,
for the purpose of having this bill placed in a
position where it will bo examined and matured
by the proper committee of the House, as it was
in the Senate.
I move that the bill, with the amendment, be
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads; and on that motion I call for the
previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw that motion, for it amounts
virtually to a defeat of this bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Thegentleman
from Indiana must bo aware that to commit this
bill as suggested would inevitably defeat it.
Mr. MACE. The gentleman from Indiana is
aware of no such thing. The gentleman from
Maine says that the reference proposed will de-
feat this bill. Such an object is not intended;
nor do I believe that such will be the effect. I
desire that the measure may be referred to the
Committee on the Posi Office and Post Roads, in
order that it may be fully and fairly examined.
Mr. PULLER, of Maine, if the gentleman
from Indiana will withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question, in order that I may make a re-
mark or two, I will pledge myself to renew it.
Mr. MACE. Under " other circumstances I
would be glad to do so. This bill ought to have
gone to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads in the first instance. It was for the
investigation of such matters that that commit-
tee was created.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. What will be
the effect of the call for the previous question
being sustained? If the motion to refer be voted
down, will the question then recur on the amend-
ment, and then on the engrossment of the bill?
The SPEAKER.. Such will be the effect.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Then I hope the
call for the previous question will be sustained.
Mr. KUNKEL moved that the rules be sus-
pended,and the House resolve itselfintotheCom-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. McMULLIN moved, at twenty minutes
past one o'clock, p. m., that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. LETCHER moved that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. McMULLIN moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. H. MARSHALL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Smith, of
Tennessee, and Stranahajj were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 89, noes 58.
THE TARIFF.
So the motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. H.
Marshall in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being House bill (No.
56C) to reduce the duty on imports^and for other
purposes; upon which Mr. Clingman was enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. CLINGMAN occupied an hour in dis-
cussing questions connected with our relations to
Central America and Cuba. He reviewed and
condemned the policy of Great Britain with re-
gard to Central America, declaring that the latter
had come into the possession of the former coun-
try in defiance of Spanish rights and treaty obli-
gations. We already disputed with Great Britain
the mastery of the seas; and he argued to show
that, having excited her jealousy in various ways,
her efforts were being direr rod to cheek our ter-
ritorial expansion, and, if she should fail in that,
to render useless the territories we might acquire.
She was thus pursuing a policy most injurious
to the interests of the United States, and he looked
to the incoming Administration for a bold and
decided policy upon the subject. Extremely
averse to the African slave trade, Great Britain
had hit upon the Coolie trade as more humane;
and it was his intention, if lie could get the op-
portunity, to introduce a resolution to the effect
that whereas this House has lately had occasion
to express its opinion against the reopening of
the African slave trade, it views with still greater
repugnance the slave trade in white men, known
as the Coolie®atle, carried on under the auspices
of Great Britain and Spain. If members were to
support such a declaration with unanimity, it
could not fail to tell upon the civilized world, for
there never was a deliberative body entitled to as
much weight, when the intelligence, wealth, and
independence of those represented here were con-
sidered.
Mr. STANTON remarked that the idea seemed
to be that the interests of agriculture were alto-
gether subordinate and secondary in clkVactor>
and, if necessaiy to promote manufactures, that
they should be stricken down. In this connec-
tion ho referred to an article which appeared in
the National Intelligencer of the 28ih ultimo,
signed " Experience,"anddated Boston, m which
it is urged thAt " the principle of protection to
labordoes not justly apply to productions ofagri-
culture, of which wool isone,"&c. He thought
the article was evidently written by a manufac-
turer of Boston, that it was the keystone to the
policy of the manufacturers of the country, and
explained the provisions of the bill reported by
the majority of the Committee of Ways and
Means. That bill was essentially a manufac-
turers' bill, and the principle upon which it was
founded would not bear the test of scrutiny- Tie
earnestly opposed the abolition of the duty on
wool, contending that the growth of that article
was as much a matter of national importance as
were manufactures, and equally entitled to the
protecting care of the Government. They should
have a system that would afford protection to all
the interests of the country, or take off the duty
on foreign goods, and repeal all laws which ex-
cluded foreign vessels from the coasting trade.
Let us (said he) have a fair free field and an open
fight, or else a just system of protection.
Mr. LETCHER referred to the large surplus
in the Treasury, and appealed to all who desired
to save the country from a commercial revulsion
such as had never been experienced, to join him
in the adoption of a measure which would red uce
the revenue and preserve to the people the right
to retain in their own hands the products of their
labor. He held that, while the Government had
the right to arrange its scale of duties for the pur-
pose of supplying its Treasury with so much as
might be necessary to carry on its operations
economically, it had no right, in laying those
duties, to look to any other consideration than
to the acquisition of revenue; that whenever it
undertook to lay them, not with an eye to revenue,
but with the view of protecting any one class of
the community, it acted in violation of its duty,
and robbed one class for the purpose of placing
money in the pockets of another; that such a
course on its part was not in accordance with the
spirit or the terms of the Constitution, bututterly
subversive of every principle of justice advanced
in legislation. Equality was the great principle
of our system, and the Wrdens should be so dis-
tributed thatthey might fall as equally as possible
upon all classes and all the interests of the com- >
munity. He opposed the bill of the majority of *
the Committee of Ways and Means, agreeing
with the gentleman who had preceded him that it
was a thorough manufacturers' bill.
[See the Appendix for the speeches.]
Mr. MORRILL then obtained the floor, but
yielded it to
Mr. GROW, who moved that the committee
rise.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope that by
unanimous consent the committee will take a re-
cess until this evening. There are several gen-
tlemen who wish to be heard on the special order,
and it is desired to take a vote on the questicgfct
the earliest possible day.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the committee has not the power to take
a recess without the consent of the House, other-
wise it might continue its session ad infinitum.
The question was taken on Mr. Grow's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having-
resumed the chair, Mr. II. Marshall reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had,according to order, had the Union
geneijfilly under consideration, and particularly
House hill (No. 5(50) to reduce the duty on im-
ports, and for other purposes, and had come to
no resolution thereon.
Mr. II. MARSHALL. I move that leave be
granted to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union to take a recess until this even-
ing, at seven o'clock, with the understanding that
no other business except the special order is to
be taken up, and that no vote shall be taken.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act for regulating the terms of the circuit
court of the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes;
An act to extend the charter of the President
and Directors of the Firemen's Insurance Com-
pany of Washington and Georgetown, in the
District of Columbia; and
An act supplementary to " An act to organize
an institution for the insane of the. Army and
Navy, and of the District of Columbia, in the said
District," approved March 3, 1855.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimrus consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Treas-
ury Department, transmitting the annual report
of the Chickasaw trust fund; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Commissioner
of Patents, transmitting his annual report for the
year 185C, ns required by the fourteenth section
of the act of March 3, ltS.">7; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be. printed.
Mr. 1IOLLOWAV. I move that there be
printed of that report the same number of extra
copies as were, printed last year.
The. motion was leferred under the rules to the
Committee on Printing.
ORDER OF DEBATE.
Mr. M1LLSON. I desire to submit a propo-
sition for the unanimous adoption of the House,
which I think the experience of the last month
has shown to he prope^if not necessary. It is
that, until the special oraer in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union be disposed
of, all debate be confined to the subject under
consideration.
Mr. GARNETT. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I hope there
will be a resolution offered by the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means to close the
debate very soon.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a report from the Court of
Claims, accompanied by a bill; which was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
