59%
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6.
sanctioning the universal force of judgments ob-
tained in those States which have defalcation or
set-off laws. As I remarked to the Senator from
New York, on the last debate, if his amendment
be stricken out, we shall stand in the position of
affirming the general principle maintained by the
Court of Claims, which I look upon as wrong in
itself, and disastrous to the best interests of the
country.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, I am not
very well to-day, and therefore shall not enter
into the discussion of this question; but the Com-
mittee on Claims, who reported this bill through
the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] did
not recognize the principle to which the Court of
Claims nave gone, and hence they said, in their
report:
"The ultimate determination of this case cannot, there-
fore, have force as a precedent m determining the effect of a
veraict or certificate of a jury m any case not arising under
this or some other special enactment, or an enactment of
like character."
So that they did not, by reporting this bill
favorably, make a precedent of the decision of the
Court of Claims.
Mr. EVANS. Mr. President, it does not seem
to me, upon investigation of this claim, and I
have looked into it, that there is anything in the
act of 1836 which puts this case upon any other
footing than it would have occupied if that act
had never been passed. All that act provides for
is a direction to the Postmaster General to sue
defaulters in the name of the United S^tes.
Before that time, it is likely he would have had to
sue them in his own name, as the contracts were
made personally with himself as Postmaster Gen-
eral. I think, therefore, there is nothing in that
act which can vary the case. Then we are to
inquire whether, independently of that act, there
is anything in this verdict which makes it obliga-
tory. The idea of a set-off is founded upon mu-
tual debts; and the object of a set-off law is to
prevent the necessity of a multiplicity of actions.
It therefore is essential to it that each party may
sue the other. You cannot set off that which is
not the subject of an action; and as the petitioner's
testator in tliis case coulilnotsue the United States,
it was not a proper subject of set-off, although it
is true, if you look into the proceedings ol the
court, it would seem as if it was so regarded.
Well, sir, what is the consequence? Was this a
verdict? It was the finding of eleven men. Itwas
the opinion which eleven men entertained of the
resulvof their investigation—but was it a judg-
ment? If it was, the defendant had the right to
enter up a judgment upon it; but that he did not
do, because he could not do it by law. It seems
to me, therefore, that this finding affords no evi-
denceof unythingexcept theopimon of those men
that this much was due.
I have looked into the question; I have read
the greater part of the testimony; I spent nearly
one whole day in investigating it, and the result
of my examination was, that the United States
were indebted to Reeside; but how much I could
not tell; nor is there any possibility, unless we
have the evidence before us, of our ever deciding
that question.
What I mainly designed to say now was, that
I voted for this bill betore when the interest was
struck off, not because I intended to recognize
this so-called verdict as a judgment which was
entitled to bear interest, but because I thought the
sum of §187,000 was as near an approximation
to the amount really due as we perhaps should
ever be able to come to after such a lapse of time.
1 voted for the $187,000, after the interest was
struck off, under the belief that that would fully
and amply pay everything that the United States
owed to these parties. I rose merely to explain
the reason why, if this bill is now pressed and
the interest inserted, 1 shall vote against it.
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire. I am one of
those who before voted in favor of the allowance
of the principal of this claim, but against the
allowance of interest; and in order to vindicate
myself, as far as I can, against all appearance of
inconsistency, I desire briefly to state the grounds
on which I now propose to change my former
action, and vote in favor of the allowance of in-
terest.
I do not regard the certificate of the jury in this
case in the light of a judgment. I have no belief
that, when the United States are not subject
words on this case, because I think the Senate
has not done justice to the claimant. I have been
induced to examine the whole of the papers, by
an application of the agent, who called on me, and
left at my lodgings all the papers, with a request
that I would give them a full examination. I
>have done so, and I have come to the deliberate a
conclusion that great injustice has been done to
this claimant, and that it is time the claim was '
paid with interest. I will state one or two rea-
sons particularly, on which my judgmentis based,
and leave the matter to the Senate.
The suit was instituted under a special act of
Congress. The question of the relative claims of
Mr. Reeside and of the Post Office Department
was submitted by the counsel and by the court
to the jury. No objection was madeon any side
in relation to the extent of the investigation. On
the contrary, the Post Office Department intro-
duced the whole of its books and papers, had its
agents and clerks present, and I believe nearly
every witness examined was a clerk in the Gov-
ernment office. After the case had been tried and
the verdict rendered, the United States, repre-
sented in the trial by John M. Read and John
Cadwalader—whose names are amply sufficient
as a guarantee for ability and fidelity in the dis-
charge of a duty of this kind—filed a motion for
a new trial, on twelve grounds, the sixth and
seventh of which I will read. The sixth was,
that " the jury have disregarded the directions of
the court as to interest."
Mr. BIGLER. I beg leave to say to the Sen-
ator that one of the distinguished gentlemen em-
ployed as.counsel on the part of the United States,
is now a member of the House of Representa-
tives, and voted for this bill. No one could
understand it better than he.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand the Senator
to say that one of the counsel for the United States
[Mr. Cadwalader] voted for this bill m the other
House.
Mr. BIGLER. Yes, sir; I understood so.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The next ground was, that
" the jury have allowed the defendant more than
legal interest." These two grounds were sub-
mitted to the judges who tried the cause, amongst
others, as a basis for an application for a new
trial. The opinion of the court was delivered
upon this application for a new trial very elabo-
rately, and I will read one or two short passages
from it. The court refused a new trial, and
said:
On the subject of interest the jury were instructed that
directly to an action, they can be indirectly sub-
jected to it in the form of a set-off, which isamere
cross action. Nor have I any belief that it is in
the power of the Legislature of Pennsylvania, by
any act it could pass, or in the power of the coun-
sel who appeared at the trial, by any arrangement
they could make, with or without the concurrence
of the court, to authorize a jury to render what
should be in effect a judgment against the United
States. It was on no such ground that I cast my
vote in favor of the allowance of the principal of
this claim; but it was upon this ground, sir: that
we had here what seemed to me to be a fair and
liberal conclusion of a jury of twelve men, if you
please to call it so, which conclusion was notun-
satisfact'ory to the learned and able judges who
presided at the trial. In fact, 1 understood that;
those judges said, on the motion for a new trial, '
that they were by no means convinced that any
further trial of the suit would arrive at a more
satisfactory result.
This was the ground on which I was in favor
of the allowance of the principal- Those who
urged the allowance of interest here, did it, as I
understood the former discussion of this ques-
tion, on the idea that all judgments bear interest
as a legal conclusion. To that I assented; but
not believing this to be a judgment or in the na-
ture of a judgment, I was rather inclined to con-
sider this case as falling within what was said to j
be the general principle governing the action of !
Congress and the Government; and that is that ;
they do not ordinarily allow interest on claims I
against them. I have since taken occasion to j
look deliberately over the somewhat voluminous I
documents connected with this transaction, and j
I am satisfied, upon an examination of the nature j
and character of the claim itself, tj^tt, independ-
ently of any effect it could have as a judgment,
it should bear interest. It should bear interest
upon the idea that it is a claim, not for the ser-
vices of the deceased, Reeside, in carrying the
mails of the United States—not a claim of his for
extra services performed for the General Gov-
ernment; but it is a claim for services performed
by him as the agent of the General Government
in procuring for them funds in the form of money
and securities. I suppose that if the nf ked ques-
tion were presented here, whether an individual
acting as the agent of the General Government, .
and performing services of such a nature and
character, should be allowed interest upon money j
advanced, interest upon securities furnished, j
which securities themselves bore interest, there ,        
could be no doubts that interest was properly |!' they might allow it from the tune wnen the balance ought
allowable on such a claim.
I have a further ground on which I am satis-!
fied that interest should be allowed. It seems,
upon an examination of the evidence which has
been furnished, that this very claim has been ad-
judicated upon by the proper Department. The j
'Postmaster General credited Mr. Reeside upon [
the books of that Department with an amount j
exceeding the sum (if you paid inteiesS) that was
allowed finally by the jury. True it is, that on j
Mr. Kendall's coming into office he made charges, ,
debits against Mr. Reeside, canceling this amount;
but I suppose none of us has any doubt that that
was unauthorized—though not an improper act
on his part, looking to his motives. I impute to i
him no improper motive in doing it,but I say it'
was a wholly unauthorized act. When one Post*1
master General has given credit to an individual
for a certain sum, for services performed as agent,
for advances made, cash furnished, and securities
procured by him for the Government, it is not in
the power of his successor m office, or any other i
individual, to cancel that credit, or destroy its
effect by a counter charge. ;
This stands, then, as an adjudicated claim—as
a claim allowed by the Department; and stand-
ing in that position, and we having the fact also
before us that it was not a claim for services—not
a claim of an unliquidated character originally,
but a claim for services performed and advances j
made as an agent—I can entertain no doubt that
the claimant is entitled as much to the interest as
to the principal. I should have arrived originally ,
at that result, if I had not taken it for granted
that the question turned on the fact of this being
a judgment obtained by him against the United i
States, in which, I confess, 1 never had any faith j
or belief.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 desire to say a very few '
to iiave been paid ; and they were aUo mstiueted that they
might allow the defendant such commission foi the agency
as they thought to be reasonable, arid credit him with the
interest, or other discount and expenses attending the nego-
tiation of diafts fortlie use of the Department. In conclu-
sion, we enjoined it as a duty on the jury, to settle the
balance on either side, us they would between individuals,
and to he influenced byno considerations arising from any-
thing except the evidence before tliein."
The judges go on to review the different grounds
on which the application for anew trial was made:
" With all the time and labor which eould be devoted to
the cause, as well out as m court, the judges could come
to no conclusion other tlian that a balance was justly due
to the defendant, but what was the true amount we eould
not say; and soon after the charge had been given, no esti-
mate had been made by us as to the result, on the items on
which an opinion had been expressed tu the jury by either
of the judges. On the opening of the present argument,
such an estimate was pie^emed by one of the counsels of
the United States, by which it appears that, according to the
opinion of Judge Hopkmton, there would be due to the de-
fendant a balance exceeding forty-eight thousand dollars,
and to that of the presiding judge say sixty-five thousand
dollars, exclusive of interest, commission, discount, &.C.,
inclusive also of many large items of claim to a credit, and
objections to charges made by the defendant, on which
neither judge gave any opinion, but which were submitted
generally to" the jury on the law and the evidence which
was applicable to them. To th:-. extent no objection is now
made to the veidiet, as inconsistent with the cliaige of the
court, but it is eonsuleied by the piamtifi-s counsel as tile
maximum beyond which the jury eould not go, with the
addition of interest, commission, &e., without running
counter to the opinion of the court and the facts in evi-
dence."
The judges still continuing to discuss the evi-
dence before them, finally came to this conclu-
sion  .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chan-
must announce that the hour has arrived for the
consideration of the special order, and it must be
taken up, unless dispensed with by a vote of the
Senate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This is a private bill.
