m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
recollection is, in regard to revolutionary cases, on
which he says interest was always denied, that
he himself brought forward one where we paid
interest from the time of the Revolution. I allude
to the claim of Wigg.
Mr. BUTLER. We never paid a dollar of
interest. ,
Mr, ADAMS. General Greene's heirs got
interest. * ,
Mr. BUTLER. General Greene's heirs may
Bavegot it; but Mr. Wigg did not.
Mr. HALE. 1 think the Senator is mistaken
aliout the interest.
Mr. BUTLER. I think he got none.
■ Mr. HALE. I will satisfy myself, however.
The Action on which the Government generally
refuses to pay interest is, that the delay in pay-
ment is the fault of the debtor, in not making his
claim sufficiently apparent to the Government,
because it always has msney, and the Govern-
ment is always in just hands, and always ready
to do justice by everybody, whenever anybody
satisfies it that he has justice on his side. That
is.the legal fiction. The common law is made up
of fictions; but legislation is made up of more fic-
tions, I think, than the common law. The force
of that fiction, however, does not exist, nor ought
it to have any weight, when the facts which are
apparent and palpable on the face of the case con-
tradict the whole of it; and it is shown that this
man, instead of being guilty of any laches that
should excuse the Government from paying the
interest, has been constantly asking for payment.
i did not rise, however, to speak on that sub-
ject, but principally as to the bearing which this
amendment has on another amendment that was
offered by the honorable Senator from New
Yqrk, [Mr. SewaPvD.1 I regret that that amend-
ment was adopted. 1 thought it was fatal to the
bill when it was adopted, and I voted against it.
But pex-mit me to say—and I wish' to get the ear
©f the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Pcgii] on this sub-
ject—there is not a mail jn the Senate—I know
there is not—I doubt if there is a man out of the
Senate, who would be willing to go further to
deny the binding validity of the judgments of
this Court of Claims, than I would, f do not
look upon them as judgments, nor as second
cousins to judgments. I look upon them simply
as the report of a committee who have made
an investigation under highly favorable circum-
stances. Thai is just exactly the way I look upon
them; and 1 have never regarded them as judg-
ments, and I never will so regard them. I was op-
posed to the amendment of the honorable Senator
from New York, which I hope will be stricken
out of the bill; for the reason that I thought put-
ting the amendment in seemed to imply that if we
did not put it in we yielded to the force of the sug-
gestion that their decision was a judgment bind-
ing on the Government. To my mind it has
cxactly the contrary effect. The implication of
that amendment, as it now stands, is, that if we
do not put m the amendment we recognize the
doings of this Court of Claims as judgments. I
want to strike out the amendment for the very
reason that I will not recognize them as judg-
mentsjand I will not put in a salvo to say we do
not vote for them as judgments when we vote for
a bill for which they have reported. With just
as much propriety might we affix to any private
bill which we pass on the strength of the report
of one of our committees, a proviso that it should
not be considered as giving the force of a judg-
ment to the report oi tlie committee. I do not
give it, but I do not put in such a proviso. I am
willing that what I do shall go for what it means,
and that what I say shall go for what it means;
but I am not willing to have any further infer-
ences from that; nor do I wish to exclude a con-
clusion by any such proviso as this.
I am for paying this debt because I think it
is honestly due, and 1 am for paying the interest
because I think interest is honestly due upon
every liquidated debt after demand made on the
Government or an individual; and I will not, as a
member of the Government, avail myself of a
legal fiction to do what it would be mean m me to
do as a private individual. It would be mean in
, me to hide myself behind any such technicality
to refuse to pay the interest on a demand hon-
estly due. I do not believe the people of this
country desire their representatives here to do as
Senators what would be mean in them as indi-
viduals. I only speak for myself; I put up no
standard for anybody else. Believing this, I shall
vote for restoring the bill to its original shape,
against the pending amendment, and then I shall
vote against the amendment of the honorable
Senator from New York.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, I rose before only
to explain how I was personally situated. I voted
against the amendment striking out the interest,
and as I understand the case, I am against that
amendment now; but if I must vote for this bill
as an entire proposition, 1 cannot vote for the
amendment already adopted on the motion of the
Senator from New York.
The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
seems somewhat to have misunderstood me. I
attach no importance in this controversy to the
judgment of the Court of Claims—none at all. I
'do not think that thatcourt has authority to render
a final judgment. That is forbidden by the law.
I consider them as three commissioners or audit-
ors, to examine claims against the Government,
and to report to us their opinion of the law, and
their finding of the facts. For all the purposes
of this lady's claim, I dismiss the Court of Claims
entirely, and then I come to the question which
is before us. We have no evidence of the amount
of the claim of Reeside's estate against the Gov-
ernment, except this verdict; and when gentle-
men strike the verdict out, I ask them where is
the amount of this claim ? What is to show it?
There has been no transcript taken from the books
of the Post Office Department, to show what en-
tries Mr. Kendall struck off; so that this verdict
must either be something or nothing. If it be a
verdict, let us give it its legal consequence. If it
be no verdict, let us refer this case again to the
Court of Claims, or to the Committee on Claims, -
to investigate its merits as an original question.
I differ from the Senator from Georgia and the
Senator from South Carolina. I acknowledge that
this Government cannot be sued. It has a priv-
ilege of sovereignty, in virtue of which it cannot
be brought before any court without its own con-
sent. There can be no process framed to bring
it before a tribunal. But. sir, after it comes before
a tribunal of its own consent, its sovereignty is
gone, and it is of no more consequence in any
court of justice than John Styles or John Doe.
I cannot understand this idea of two parties liti-
gant before a tribunal, where one of them stands
with a desire to force his claim to judgment, and
to force the judgment to execution to the extent
of the law, and then when the question is pro-
posed to him that the account shall be stated on
both sides, he wraps himself up in his sovereignty
and says, " I will have no account stated against
me." 1 hold that there is no sovereignty in courts
of justice; and when the Government of the Uni-
ted States sues one of its citizens or anybody else
for the statement of an account between them of
mutual demands, and the defendant pleads a set-
j off, the cause must go to the jury, and must be
tried by the jury, and the jury must fintFthe bal-
ance If they had found it for the General Gov-
ernment in this case, we should have sold out Mr.
Reeside to the last farthing. It was against us.
Now I grant that the circuit court of the Uni-
ted States could not pronounce a judgment upon
the verdict; they could not give it the force of an
execution; but the verdict was valid, the verdict
was good, the verdict was binding. Judge Bald-
win said it was a good verdict, but he could not
give judgment against the United States upon it.
Why, sir, suppose we had submitted to arbitra-
tion—suppose we had passed an act of Congress
referring the claims of this gentleman to arbitra-
tors, the arbitrators could not give a judgment
against us, but they could find a balance, and that
balance would be binding on our honor and our
equity. We might have refused to pay it just
as long as we chose, but in the eye of morals it
would have been a debt stated against us, and we
should have been bound under the obligations of
honor among individuals to pay it, and pay inter-
est upon it.
I say again, that if this bill stands as it comes
before us—and I do not care whether the Court
of Claims drew the bill, or any one else—if it
stands on this proposition, that we sued this gen-
tleman to recover what was claimed to have been
due from him; that he pleaded a set-ofT, claiming
that we were indebted to him, and not he to us;
that a jury, on a fair and patient investigation,
hearing the evidence and arguments of counsel,
under the direction of the judges, certified that
the balance was in his favor, against us; and that
upon that finding, whether you call it technically
a verdict, or the award of arbitrators, or what
not, upon that statement of the account fairly
made you are going to pay the amount, arid pay
the fair incident which attaches to every arbitra-
tion, and every award, and every verdict—inter-
est upon it—I am ready to vote for this claim; but
if you retain the amendment, which declares this
verdict a nullity, then I do not see any proposi-
tion on which you can vote this amount of money.
I have no evidence in the world of the amount
that is due here except the finding of the jury.
Gentlemen are afraid to trust this Government
in the hands of a jury. That seems to be a strange
proposition, when we have declared in the Con-
stitution of the United States that the right of trial
by jury, in all cases exceeding twenty dollars,
shall be inviolable. That which we have held up
to our citizens as their great protection, we are
told iy no protection to us ! I do not know that
it is material, but I feel bound to say, in answer
to that suggestion, that on the trial of a question
of account—on the trial of any controverted mat-
ter of fact, so far as I have ever been able to ob-
serve, or have had any experience in courts of
justice, I do not know of any contrivance that
has ever been proposed'by the wit of man equal
to a jury. I would not give the verdict of a jury
upon a controyerted question of fact, for the find-
ings of all the masters in chancery, and ail the
accounting officers, and all the auditors, and all
the comptrollers that ever existed. Nor do I be-
lieve that juries have any prejudice against the
Government, or any desire to treat it unfairly.
Therefore, I say again, if this bill is to stand as
it originally did, I am ready to vote for it; but
if it is to be encumbered with provisoes which
strike from under my feet the only foundation on
which I can vote for it, 1 shall fall baek.as before,
and vote against it.
Mr. HALE. I wish to correct a mistake which
was made a few minutes ago. The honorable
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Butler] stated
that the Government never paid interest, and that
in the case to which I alluded the man did not get
it. I thought he was mistaken. With that can-
i dor which is characteristic of the Senator, he got
| the Journal, and has put it into my hands, and it
| appears m that case interest was paid from the
[time the demand was made here. I will read the
j Journal, which is very brief:
i <>The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the Whole,
the consideration of the bill (S. No. 517) authorizing the
adjustment and payment of the claims of Will urn Ilazzard
Wigg, deceased, for lo^es sustained by him during the war
of the Revolution.
" On motion of Mr. I)e Saussure to amend the bill by
inserting m line five, after the word ' dollars,' i with legal
interest tiom the 4th day of Maieh, 1841.'"—
—which was the time the claim was made here,
1 understand—
—li it w.v determined in the affirmative—yeas 27, nays 13.
Those who voted m the affirmative are Messr*. Atchison,
Baldwin, Brodhead, Brooke, Butler, Charlton, Clarke, De
Saussure, Dodge of Wisconsin, Downs, Fjsh. Fnzpatnck,
Geyer, James, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Man?um, Ma?on,
Miller, Morton, ltu>k, Seba&tian, Shields, Soule, Toucey,
Wade, and YVellur"—
—thus recognizing the principle, that a<3 soon as
i the demand was made here interestaccrued. The
| verdict in the ease now before us was rendered
j December 6, 1841. The claimant then, under a
| mistaken notion of his rights, applied to the Su-
j preme Court for process. He did not get it. He
I went to the Department, and did not get relief
! there. In July, 1842—only six months after the
! verdict—he applied to Congress, and has been
applying ever since; so that, by the principle sug-
gested by the honorable Senator from Sjputh Car-
olina, the claimant would get in this case the same
interest which the amendment proposes, with the
exception of about six months, and 1 think for
that small difference he would not send the bill
back to the House of Representatives. *
Mr. BUTLER. The matter in issue between
the Senator from New Hampshire and myself
arose in this way: I said that interest had not
, been allowed from the date of the claim. I did
I not advert to the fact, and really had forgotten it,
| that interest was allowed from the time of the
| demand, in Wigg's case. He, however, charged
[interest, I think—I have the paper before me—to
1 the amount of $^,000, from the time the debt
