-• #
THE CONGRESSIONAL QLO'BE.
February 6,
exeignty. It is enough to say that such has been
the settled rule ihthis'eountry that interest is npt
allowable. Congress, in their discretion, some-
times grant it; but I think that discretion had
better be limited by the principle which I have
stated, and so far as my own vote goes it always
will be. You might as well assimilate the rights
of the citizens against the Government to the cases
between individuals as regards the duty of the
dfebtor. The duty of the debtor, as between in-
dividuals, is to find the Creditor and pay him his
money, unless there is an express place stipulated
for payment; and even then, if the debt arises on
a sealed, instrument, or the evidence of it is not a
promissory note, the debtor is not exempted from
the-obligation of finding his creditor and paying
him, or interest runs on against him. Will you
establish that principle as against the Govern-
ment, which is a mere trust administered by some
fifty thousand officers, and say that the Govern-
ment is to seek a claimant to whom it owes a
debt, or who shall finally establish a debt to be
due to him, and tender him the money at the very
moment it is due? There is as much reason to
apply the one principle to transactions between
the Government and citizens, as there is to apply
the other principle to those transactions.
Now, sir, what is there peculiar in this case,
which should compel us'to allow interest? There
is certainly no agreement to allow it. There is a
certificate of a jury that a certain amount was due'
to this party. That certificate, if I heard cor-
rectly the portion of the opinion of the court read
by the honorable Senator from Louisiana, may
have been founded upon an allowance of interest,
and therefore you are now compounding interest
 g*inst the United States.
Further, sir, I confess that, as regards the Uni-
ted States, I am unwilling to take the verdict of
a jury as proof sufficient of itself for the purpose
of establishing a claim against the Government.
Certainly such has never hitherto been recognized
as your doctrine. If it is the correct doctrine,
why not, instead of passing the bill to establish
the Court of Claims, throw open the door and
authorize any man to sue the United States in any
of your circuit courts? If the principle be sound
in one case, it ought to be sound in all. There is
nothing peculiar in the verdict of this jury that
should entitle it to the weight which gentlemen
claim. It has been my fortune to examine a ver-
dict that was rendered against the United States
before the same judge who presided in this case,
«nd by probably just as good ajury as tins was,
although not a jury of the same State, but of an
adjoining one. The verdict to which I allude was
submitted to the Attorney General of the United
States, and he could not find any error in the
charge. And yet, sir, when subsequently the case
came to be referred to one of the most distin-
guished lawyers of the country, under a common
agreement of the United States and the other
party, and was investigated by him, the finding
of the arbitrator was directly the reverse of the
finding of the jury under the charge of the same
court. I do not mean to suppose from this fact
that therefore this verdict was wrong. It may be
light or it may be wrong; but when we estab-
lished the Court of Chums, we meant that they
should investigate and take proof of the facts 011
all claims brought before them; they, however,
instead of taking the proof 111 regard to this claim,
arid having it established by testimony, choose to
•uuslitute, under a gross mistake of law, the ver-
dict of a jury unauthorizedly taken in lieu of their
own judgment on the pioofs. I am unwilling to
recognize that gross mistake oil the part of"the
Com t of Claims. I am unwilling, when we have
constituted them a tribunal to investigate into
facts, to allow them to delegate their power to
any jury whatever. If they t:dii do it in one case,
they can do it in another. ^ am unwilling to
sanction tne principle at all; and yet that is'the
whole basis oil which the Court of Claims went.
They did not examine Inn case; they did not take
proof; but they substituted a pievious decision
of ajury, which the Supreme Court of the TJni-
ted States had declared was absolutely void as
against the United States in lieu of their own
judgment, which should have been rendered on
the proofs submitted by the claimant and by the
Government respectively.
Under these circumstances, why should you
allow interest? What is there peculiar in the
case ? There is nothing more than in, any other
claim. There'is no case where a claimant comes,
here with a claim, that when the claim is estab-
lished he cannot show you that probably it ex-
isted for years; and if you allow interest in this
case,you mustallow it mall others. Itproceeds
solely on the assumption that the verdict of the
jury must have been necessarily correct. I do not
admit it. I have seen enough of humanity to
know, that in questions between the United States
and individuals, the United States have no chance
■—n3' common'chance — for justice, unless the
mind to pass upon the case is a mind that acts
upon general principles, and requites distinct
legal evidence of facts to justify a verdict. A
claim of the same character and 011 the same set
of facts which, as between individuals, would be
laughed out of court, might, if the case were
between an individual and the United States,
have a verdict of thousands of duilais rendered
against the United States.
Such is my experience. I do not mean to im-
pugn the morals of others; but I mean to say
that men do not generally look to transactions
between .the Government and individuals with
the same scrutinizing aspect as between individ-
uals themselves. There is a general feeling, even
amongst honest and respectable men, that the
Government is a nonentity, and has plenty of
money; and that it is all right to get as much as
you can out of Uncle SamV I have seen men of
intelligence who considered it rather a feather in
their cap that they got money from the Govern-
ment which they could not get from an individual
under the same circumstances. Is it not well
known that 111 general the Government is con-
sidered a goose to be plucked; and the man who
can catch the most of the feathers is regarded as
the smartest and most intelligent ? Is it not true
in every case against the Government, that where
there is a basis of claim, the disposition is to in-
flate it b'eyonM reason and beyond conscience,
which, as against un individual, the party would
never dare to attempt? It is that principle of
humanity—it is that danger—against which you
must guard; and this, i presume, is the only
reason why you have not thrown open the door
to allow the rights of the Government, as between
the Government and individuals, to be passed
upon by juries. I suppose it is on that principle
—their watchfulness over the public Treasury—
that so much objection exists "111 both Houses of
Congress even to allowing the Court of Claims,
composed of able and distinguished lawyers, to
present facts and their conclusions of law, which
shall be conclusive on the two Houses. There
is certainly strong opposition to that course; and
yet I believe it would be far better for the inter-
ests of the Government to adopt some rule of
that kind, and take for granted the facts found
by that court.
Entertaining these views, although, taking the
charge of the judge, taking the verdict of "be jury,
and taking my own knowledge derived Trom the
papers, that t'here was a claim against the Gov-
ernment, and that injustice was done to this partv,
I may be willing to allow this sum, I am not will-
ing to pay interest where interest would not
legally be allowed bylaw. Beyond oil question,
in most of the States, interest is incident to a
judgment; but not to a verdict. The judgment
Hi this case wos and must have been for the de-
fendant, and the certificate was for a balance
found by the jury to be due-to the defendant; but
that was not a judgment, and does not carry
interest per se e.t law. It is a subject, matter oh
which interest may oe may not lie allowed. I
am unwilling to assume that this is a peculiar
case, on account of tie- character of the tribunal
that investigated if, so as to ix-qusre us to pay
interest.
1 see nothing like < ontract in the ease winch
implies the objuration t<> pay merest. I see noth-
ing 111 morals time calls 011 mi' to vote for the
allowance of interest in this instance, because
the merits of the transaction am i ;r. before me;
and, though I migiHghv geneivl faith to the ver-
dict, and, 011 account of oilier ea'cumsunccs, as-
sume the amount of it, 111 order to get rid of the
claim, I am by no means satisfied that that is the
exact amount due by the United States, i do not
know that, if the account had been correctly stated
on principles oflaw, any such balance wotijJ have
been established. Having no evidence of that
kind, I cannot agree to allovy interest on this claim
against the general practice of Congress which is
to refuse interest. Gentlemen may cite to me,
not only one case, but ten or twenty in the course
of legislation where interest has been allowed: but
if they will take the trouble to examine privates
claims as often as I have done, they will find fivo
hundred where interest has been refused for every
twenty where it lias been allowed. In every case
where you allow a claim — not a gratuity — you
necessarily admit that the amount is due. Do
you ever suppose it is due just at the time you
allow it? If the principle here contended for be
sound, you ought to allow interest in all cases;
and you should go further. Suppose your appro-
priation bills are not parsed at the commencement
of the fiscal-*year, and there is no money to pay
the salaries due to your officers: on this principle
you ought to pay interest on their salaries from
the day on which they became due until the day
of payment, if there be any question of conscience
or morals about it; and then'this matter will pro-
gress onwards until your Government will break
down under it. Other Governments have not
acted, you have not acted heretofore, on this in-
discriminate idea of allowing interest. In gen-
eral, you have refused it. Th.euniversal practice
of the Departments from the foundation of the
Government has been to refuse interest. In hia
letter to Mr. Hammond,Mr. Jefferson contended
for the principle broadly, and I think soundly,
that, under the treaty with Great Britain, which
required us to pay the debts due to Biitish sub-
jects, we were not bound to pay interest, because
there was no expression that interest was to be
paid, and yet the debts were things certain. Ill
that correspondence, in my judgment, in one of
the ablest letters ever written by Mr. Jefferson,
he conclusively demonstrated that there was no
obligation to psy interest in that case, even under
a treaty.
Taking these views of the question of interest,
I cannot see any peculiarity iji the case which
calls on me to allow it, though I may be willing
to assume, if the claimant will accept it, the sum
found by the jury as an approximation to the
proper amount. There is no evidence to me that
it is not the exact amount. There is no proof
that, if the whole question had been understood,
it would not have been less; but, even if it wera
more on the proof, I should be willingto allow it.
I am unwilling, however, to assume that a verdict
_so found, contrary to the opinion of the Supreme
Court declaring such a finding invalid, carries in-
terest jier $e; and if I do it in this case, I can con-
ceive of no case in which you allow a chim, where
you will not be bound to allow interest on it from
the date at which you say the claim was due. Such
certainly has not been your legislation. You may
try it if you please—there is a tendency that way,
I admit—and the evil will go on so far that you
will be obliged to rescind your own action, and
come back to the sober principle of the common
law, which is that interest is to be allowed only
upon agreement, either express or implied, from
the circumstances of the transactions between the
parties, and in no other case.
Mr. BOURSE. Mr. President, I apprehend
that if we vote to pay the principal 111 this ease,
we must do so upon the understanding that this
debt was ascertained specifically by the jury which
passed upon this transaction, and that it was at
that time a settled, fixed matter by the acknowl-
edgment of the Government, that so much money
was then due to the petitioner in this case. If
that be so, we have had the use of this man's
I money, against his will, from that day, to this,
i bndoaluediy we have the power to say that we
; will not pay Jiira any interest upon it, and we
; have the power, too, to say that we will not pay
: the original sum; bat upon" what principle can we
: s-t here and voie that the principal was due, and
that it was ascertained some twelve or fifteen years
oro to be due, end yet refuse to pay interest on
it at this time ? The Senator from New Hamp-
shire Hale] has certainly expressed the
true idea in regat 1! to this matter. The practice,
of the Government ts not to pay interest, simply
on the around that it is presumed the Go\ei anient
Jsvuys" stands ready to do justice; and the fact
that the claim has not been paid, is presumed to
arise from ike circumstance that no sufficient
proof has been brought forward to substantiate it.
As-! understand the facts in .this case, thera
