1857.
the congressional'' globe.
m
was a dispute between the Postmaster General
on the one side, representing the Government of
the United States, and Mr. Reeside upon the
other, as to which was debtor^for each claimed
that the other was debtor. These parties stood
on unequal ground, because the United States
had the power of enforcing their claim, and Mi\
lleeside bad not the power of enforcing his, The
United States took the matter in hand and fixed
upon a tribunal to decide the case. That tribunal
took cognizance of it precisely as if it were a ques-
tion between individuals, and as if a judgment
could be rendered on the one side or on the other
side and be made effectual, instead of its being
between the Government on the one side, and
an individual on the other, where a judgment
could not be rendered against the Government.
The case was so treated*" by the court that tried
it. It was so treated by the consent of the agents
of the Government representing it at that tiial;
and when a motion was made for a new trial,
those gentlemen did not pretend that the verdict
should not be against the Government, or that
the balance due was not rightly ascertained, but
only that too large a balance was found against the
Government.
i am not a lawyer, and I do not know techni-
cally whether the accounts between the parties
were legally placed before the jury for them to
determine the whole case against the Government
as well as m favor of the Government; but it is
sufficient for me, acting here, that those who rep-
resented the Government on that occasion con-
sented so to consider it. I ask gentlemen if it is
not a plain and palpable fact that the court and
the jury on tlmt occasion were of opinion that this
sum was no more than was fairly due to the claim-
ant ? We know it was the opinion ofthe jury, for
they say so; and we know it was the opinion of
the court, because they refused upon that ground
to grant a new trial. They said that the amount
due was ascertained, m their judgment, with as
much accuracy as it ever could be ascertained.
The Government has consented by this act to
waive its right of sovereignty so far as to let it be
ascertained by a jury whether they owed to this
claimant anything, and if so, how much they
owed him. "It has been ascertained; and if we,
instead of being a Government, wete an individ-
ual, judgment would have been issued and en-
forced against us. The simple question is, shall
we take advantage of our sovereignty? Shall
we, because wc have the power, refuse to mete
out to a citizen of this country that which we
would compel one citizen to mete out to another?
If we mean to do equal justice to individuals, that
equal justice which we require individuals to do
to one another, we shall pay this claim and the
interest upon it. If we mean to button ourselves
up in our dignity and our sovereignty, and say
that because we can refuse we will therefore re-
fuse it, undoubtedly we can do so.
As to the allowance now proposed to be made
being drawn into a precedent for the future, or !
being in violation of precedent in the past, 1 have |
this to say: if the Government of the United [
States has ever, in any case, refused to p&y ;
interest on a sum due to a citizen from and after |
the time when it was ascertained by a proper i
tribunal that that sum was due, it is quite time !
that such a precedent should be reversed; syrid I !
have no fears for the future resulting from passing !
the bill. I
Mr. STUART. That my vote on this subject j
unexplained may not charge me with inconsk-a- '
ency, like (he Senator from New Hampshire, |
[Mr. Bell,] I wish to say a few words. 'When j
this question was before the Senate on a former •
day, it was presented to me solely on the decision !
of the Court of Claims. Upon an inspection of '
the bill, and upon an inspection of the opinion I
of that court, their decision was so repugnant to j
my views of law under the Constitution of the j
United States, that I could not support it, and I 1
not only voted against the claim for interest, but j
I voted against the bill. It will be recollected, I
however, that I asked of the committer, and I 1
asked of other Senators here, if there were any J
facts presenting the equity of this case to show j
that the verdict was probably as nearly right 'in j
. respect to the indebtedness as any other mode of j;
ascertainment wjhich could be adopted. |
Since the vote upon a former day, I have taken !
the trouble to examine the case so far a&l could. !
Without undertaking to detain the Senate by de-
tailing tho facts, I will state that they show that
jVir. Reeside was a contractor carrying the mails
of the United States for about twenty years; that
during that time he not only carried the mails, but
upon the request of the Department from time to
time used .his own private responsibility to raise
money to defray the expenses of currying the
mails. There are witnesses whose testimony is
taken, who state that his own individual credit
was better than the credit of the Government, and
therefore it was used. It is shown that these
transactions necessarily became very conflicting,
for the reason that Mr. Reeside kept no books,
and the United States kept incorrect books. This
is the remarkable statement of theiudge who tried
the cause, after a full hearing of all the testimony,
lie says the defendant kept no books, and the
United States kept no correct books. That being
so, I turned my attention to the testimony to learn
something about this man's transactions, and
about the man himself; and I ask the attention of
the Senate for a moment while 1 read the testimony
of Judge McLean, in respect to the man and his
transactions. lie says:
To the first nuenoiratoi \ i answer, thar James Reeside,
(limns; the wuolo time I \\ Poi-tina-ier General, was a con-
tractor to c.nry the ui.ul^ot the Tinted ^tate.s, and the gi eater
part of the tune he w.t-i nueof ih't l.m*c*t eoiitraetois in the
(Jiuon, it not the laiue-n: and in pomiof etienjv and faith-
fulness iie was not fitrpa^ed, tu t h'-heve equaled, hv auv
eontuietor in (he 1'iiton. I enu:id"ied lunw < "fandmji at
the head of all otliei conttactos I muud him iu>t atul hon-
orable in all his d \ahn , with the P -t OiVn-e Department.
Theie \ya* no man Jo v. hum \ < uuld < oniide an impoitnnt
dutv m mail truiepoilanon, tequirini.' uncommon cneiyj,
with th^ -Muie confidence a-!•) K"e-ide." * 1 v
4* In .ui^v, .-i to i':e fceeom] i;i;etiM.:ainr \ I sav,.Mi. Uoe«ulc
w\i«< not an "i!ne^icd tn-'ielvait it1 had no aecuiah* know I-
ed'V'othouk keep,-!-', lint nHran^jMHiim the mail, and in
all 1'ifitteiu latujK Micieio h • Me.nd ai lliehead ot'lhemail
:nn vie-' in tin- United St.iU'-,. I 'mm .> n intimate kuowii djre
ef him loi \uii-, undei ve.I  i^ • conlMet-, 1 loumi him
honer-i a,jd upiejln. and <-vr ready to ^leiillee his own in
teie-i to the advancement ol (he jmWic iu*s\ ice
4* an-w'r. In my np-.u ei ; to f hi fiu-t and second in ter-
ritories. I have substantially answered the thud, hut I
will more rpecillcallv r>av that i lound Keesidc f.mlilul to
the trusts commuted to hun, and exemplary in the (hsehaige
of Ins duties to the public. \ n^ver t>u.-.pccted his honesty,
or found him cjuiltyof fraud, 01 wanting ni ti.lohty fo the
public or Ihe Department, 'i'lu; conduct of all tlieccmtiact-
ms was stnetly vv.itched by rue, and they were aware that
a severe judgment wouid follow any ddiii<]u"nev. When
I wanted a man of the lu;;iiest energy and fruthiulnct-s, i
selected Itoe.wdo for the seivice.
"Aftci i leu the Depaitmeut in 1£59, my intimacy with
Reoulc eea'-ed. 1 only saw linn occasionally, but I have
ever held him in this highest estimation for the < ner^y he
showed in Mi-a.mnng the DepaitM.'W while f was con-
nected with it. "'JOHN McLEAN."
This is the testimony of one of the most rep-
utable nvm in this countsy—a man who for six
years was at the hrwl of Urn Post Office- Depart-
ment, and knew Mr. Reeside ultimately. He
places him above all other men in the employ
of the Department ior energy, faithfulness, and
honesty. ' Me kept no books, and the Govern-
ment kept no correct book<t. Af the end of his
service, he claimed a larr/c indebtedness against
the United States, and they claimed a small one
ngainsthim. The United States sued him. The
Senator from Louisiana has rend what i had
intended to read, (and in doing so lie has saved me
that trouble,) the opinion of the court as to the
manner in which that trial was conducted. It
tasted forseveral weeks:,nn<3 thejudge savs a better
jury could not have been selected, a more full
examination ofthe accounts could not have been
made, that a new trial would furnish no new light,
thai neither party had any further evidence; and a
subsequent statement, obtained from Mr. Dundas
by the committee of ihe House of Representatives,
affirms the fact that the Government has no new
testimony to offer. TiA'eu in connection with
this fact, it must be recollected that the Post Office
Department was burned, «o that many of the
transactions cannot be ferreted out; and again,
not only is the claimant dead, but nearly all his
witnesses are shown to be dead.
Now how does the Government stand ? Here
are the facts in brief. Is there any probability
that this case can ever be npn*e fully investigated,
more watisfkuo) ily tried ? If not, then we owe the
amount of the veulict; we did owe it at the time
it Was ascertained; and if the Court of-Claims,
instead of saying, as they do in this bill, that they
find this amount " being in full for the amount
due upon a verdict and judgment thereon ren-
dered by the circuit court of the United States for
the eastern district of Pennsylvania," had said
that it is the amount equitably due upon that ver-
dict, they would have been exactly rrghi,.m my
opinion,upon the facts and upon the equity, and
would not have been so radically wrong in the
law. This being the fact, there is no question,
. in my mind, that the indebtedness of the United
States is as well ascertained as it can be.
Again, if it was properly ascertained ,at that
time, there is no reason why the Government
should not pay interest from that time to this, 1
agree that this Government pays or refuses in-
terest, according to its judgment of its being right-
fully due or not. The history of the legislation
of this country will show that one bill comes up
and we pay interest, and the next comes up and
we refuse it. It is according to our idea of jus-
tice. Then I say, if this was properly ascer-
tained to be the balance due at that time, the evi-
dence is sufficient to show that the claimant, from
that time to this, has done ail he could to get his
money; he has not been negligent for a minute,
and therefore is, in my opinion, entitled to the
interest.
A single word in reference to this verdict and its
effect, and I have done. I have examined again
the decision ofthe Supreme Court of the United
States in this very case, and there is no room for
cavil about it. They decide as plainly and per-
tinently as the Knglish language is susceptible
of stating it, that this verdict was not a debt of
record, that no judgment could be rendered upon
it. In fact, Jud f; Baldwin did not render any
judgment upon it. None was ever rendered in
the circuit court of Pennsylvania upon it. The
Court of Claim-? are wrong when they say that it
is a debt of record, or a judgment against the
United States, and as a matter of law conclusive.
That doctrine was so repulsive to my notions of
constitutional law, that, hom^ unable to find any
facts in the case on winch 1 could predicate my
opinion, originally f voted against the whole.
Subsequent investigation haw satisfied me that the
claim is as properly and definitely ascertained as
it ever can be, tlmt in equity the amount is due
against the United States, that it ought to have
been paid at that time, and therefore that it is
but equity and justice in this case to pay both
the principal and interest.
Mr. WKLLER.
I have only one remark to
make on this question. This bill comes recom-
mended to me by tw< lve men, whose character
has been unimpeached, and who, under oath,
have examined the facts on both sides. .That
examination was conducted' in the presence of
one of the judges of the Supreme Court of the
United States, who carefully excluded from tho
consideration ofthe jury all that he deemed illegal
testimony. 1 say, therefore, that this is the find-
ing of twelve men under oath. Ordinarily I am
compelled to vote on bills in theJSenatc that have
only been examined by a committee of six men
who have heard but one side of a case. Upon ex
parte testimony we are compelled to vote thou-
sands of dollars every day out of the Treasury.
1 have more respect tor the judgment of twelve
men, whose character is ummpe&ched, when act-
ing under oath under such circumstances, than 1
could repose in the report of one of the standing
committees of this body made up on ex parte tes-
timony. That disposes of this branch of the
case.
I think the Government ought to pay interest
for the reason that an honest man wouid be com-
pelled to do so; and it is a fixed rule of mine that
1 will always compel this Government to do what
an honest man ought to do. In other words, if,
under these circumstances, an individual were to
refuse to pjy the interest, he would be discarded
by his neighbors, and would not be regarded as a,
respectable man, and therefore, in giving my vote"
he.ro, I shall do so to compel the Government to
do what I think the principles of equity and jus-
tice would require of me m my individual charac-
ter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment to strike oufthe interest.
Mr. RIGLER. Those who are in favor of
allowing interest will vote "No."
The question being taken by yeas and nay**
resulted—yeas 11, nays 36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bipgt, Butler, Clay, Eva**,.
Fitzpatriek, Hunter, Mason, Pratt, Reid, and Slide!!—U.
NAYS—Messrs, Adam<?, Allen, BeH of NTew Ilampslnr*,
Bell of Tennessee, Denjamm, Cigler, ffrodhead* Brows,
Collamer, Dodge, Dougia*, Durkve, Fish, Foot, Foster,
