The PRESIDENT pro tempore*, The question
is on the motion to postpone the bill to one o'clock
to-morrow, and make it the spccial order for that
hour.
Mr. STUAR1. I understood that, between
all these parties some questions are pending,
which would make it rather improper to consider
any of the bills of this kind at this time.
Mr. PEARCE. I will state to the Senator that
there is no probability of any arrangement be-
tween the parties. This bill has been postponed
over and over again/or the last two sessions. I
am here every Friday, anxious to take charge of
it, which I have been requested to do, and-1 was
anxious it should be disposed of to-day; but as
the Senator from Tennessee has given a reason
why he desires to have it postponed, i hope some
time will be fixed for its consideration.
Mr. STUART. I think it is the first bill on
the Calendar on private bill day.
Mr. PEARCE. i kno^ that; but if it be
passed over to-day, it will lose precedence.
Mr. STUART. Oh, no. If passed over it
will be the first bill for next Friday.
Mr. PEARCE. It is so late in the session,
that it is desirable it should be disposed of
promptly. I think to-morrow we can probably
dispose of it. .
Mr. GOLLAMER, I take it that to-morrow
we shall go u;i with the Private Calemjar. That
is expected and understood, i believe. 1 under-
stand there is a very large fire now racing in the
city* and we had better not inn talc Nero, who
fiduled while Rome was burning. I move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Frid\y, February G, 18;Vj.
The House mot at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesteiday was read and approved.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. FLAGLER, it was
Ordered, That leave !>j granted for the withdrawal from
"the files of the Hou^e of the pom ton sunt |mp< rs ot f-.ineiol
P. Puts, and that thoy be rofouod to the Court of Chum.>.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from (he Senate, by ;
Mr. Dickixs, its Secretary, notifying the Houso '
that the Senate had paused the following bill and '
joint resolutions; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House: i
An act (No. 253) to establish an additional '■
land district in the State of Wisconsin; j
A resolution (No. 30) concerning Wolf Island;
and
A resolution (No. 39) relative to sections wis- '
teen and thnty-six, in the Terntoiies of Mm tie- ;
sota and Nebraska.
Also, that the Senate had passed bill/3 of the ,
House of the following; titles:
An act (i\To. 580) to extend the time for yelling 1
the lands granted to the Kentucky Asylum for
teaching the deaf and dumb; I
An act (No. 58#) for the relief of the legal rep- 1
resentatives of Edmund H. McCabc, assignee of i
Antoinc Soulard; and i
An act (No. 804) to confirm certain entriei#of ,
land therein named, with an amendment. i
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope that by unanimous !
consent the House, will order the printing of one
thousand copies additional of each of the tariff j
bills. !
Mr. HOUSTON. I object. !
Mr. PHELPS. I understand that this is objec- :
tion day. It is piobably the last ttrne that this j
House will consider the Private Calendar. I j
have sought the floor, therefore, to move that the j
House resolve itself into a Committee of the !
Whole House. * , j
F. JDAINESE. ^ |
Mr. LETCHER. I hope my friend will with- ;
draw his motion'in order that i may oiler a res- i
olution-connected with a claim which was before ,
the House a day or two ago. i
, Mr, PHELPS. Cannot that be done to-mor- ;
row r I
Mr. LETCHER. It will take but a moment..
There will be no objection to it.
Mr. PHELPS .very, well, then, if there be
no objection. I withdraw tfre motion to go into
committee.
Mr. LETCHE-R, offered the following resolu-
tion:
llcsolrcd, That the President of the United States be
requested to furnish to this House, with ns hrtic delay as
practicable, copies of att papeis now on file in the State
Department relating to, or in any way connected with, the
claim of F. Damese, late acting consul at Constantinople,
now pending before Congress.
The resolution was adopted.
BILL REPORTED.
Mr. QUITMAN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported back a
bill for a further appropriation and for the comple-
tion of the territorial road now being constructed
from opposite Council Rluffs, Iowa, to New Fort
Keatny; which was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and, with
the accompanying; report, ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS OF NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. WIN SLOW, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented resolutions of the General Assembly of
the State of North Carolina, asking a further ap-
projuhuiou for'the improvement of Cape Fear
river; which was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WINSLOW, by unanimous consent, from
the Committer on Naval Affnirs, reported a bill ;
to provide for the appointment of jiulgo-advocnfo j
for the Navy; which was read a first and second j
time, recommitted to the Committee on Naval I
Affairs, and ordered to be printed. j
Mr. PI IKLPtf. I now submit, my motion that i
the House resolve itself into a Committee of the
Wh->!,. House.
.Mr. FLORENCE. la it m order to move Jo
amend the proposition of the gentleman from
Misi-oun by moving to call upon the committees
for reports of pi ivate claims ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
The House was divided; and there were—ayes
72, noes 4*2: no quorum voting.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee, called for tell-
Cis.
Tellers wore ordered; andMessr«. Wright, of
Tennessee, and Ttiorington were appointed^
The question was taktm; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes ^3, noes 39.
SENATE IilLLS REFERRED, ETC.
Previous to th<- announcement of the result,
The SPEAKER a.>lced the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the table several Senate
bills*, for the purpose of reference only.
No objection bem^ made, the following bills
were taken from the Speaker's table, and dis-
posed of as indicated below:
An act (S. No. 4d(i) for the relief of John
Mitchell, of the "District of Columbia; read a first
ami second time.
Mr. JONES, «f Tf nnr?;;ee. That is a bill fur
the relief of a man we Hie about the city here
with both arms off. If increases his pension from
twenty dollars to thirty dollars a month. We
can aa well dispose of that lull now as at any
other time. ["Agreed!" " Airrc-d !"]
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. FLORENCE moved that the vote by which
the bill was passul be reconsidered; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.'
An act (S. No. .">47) for the lehcf ofWiiliam
F. Russell, of Florida; read a fust and second
time, and leferred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
An act (S. No. 587) to provide for the regular
transmission of the mail on route No. G84^2: lead
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Odice and Post Roads.
An act (&. No. 534) for the relief of Jonathan
Painter, a black man, who acted as a spy in the
war of 1812.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. STANTON. I-ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to put that bill upon it^ passage.
Mr. SNE&D objected.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary-Affairs.
An act (S. No. 530) for the relief of John Riley*
an Indian.in the State of jjAichigau; read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
An act (S. No. 4&>) for the relief of JVlarthj
MilletU of Iowa; read n first and second time,,
and referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which Senate bill No. 547 was referred (o the
Gommiuee on Military Affairs. • -
The motion was entered.
RESOLUTIONS OF IOWA LEGISLATURE.
Mr. THORINGTON presented joint resolu-
tions. from the Legislature of Iowa in reference
to slavery, and the admission of Kansas into the
Union; which were laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
THE PRiVATK CALENDAR.
The SPEAKER then announced the result of
the vote on Mr. Phelps's motion, and th&t said
motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Wakle-
man in the chair,) and proceeded to the consid-
eration of the bills on the Private Calendar, com-
mencing at the point on the Calendar where the
committee had left off when k was last under
consideration. This being1 objection day, those
bills to which objection-was mtwle were* passed,
over.
An act (S. No. 311) for tlje relief of Charlea
E. Anderson. [Objected to by Mr. Letciikr.]
An act (y. No. 322) for the relief of J. E. Mar-
tin. [Objected to by Mr. Lktciilr.]
An act (3. No 340) for the relief of Dorm
Piatt. [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
A bill (11. R. No. .094) providing an increase
of pension to Isaac Phillips.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
ji cause the pension of Isaac Phillips, of Pennsyl-
" vama, to be changed on the pension roil from
twenty dollars a year to eight dollars per month,
commencing from the 4th of March, 3831, and to
continue during his natural life, deducting- former
payments.
It appears from the report, that, according-to
the certificate, of tho comptroller of Now York,
the said Isaac Phillips, July 31, 1780, received a
certificate for 13s. 4<l.; November 30, HBO, re-
ceived another certificate for <£10 13s. (ji.; Decem-
ber I, 17b4J, received another certificate for c£j0
£h. 9</.; January I, l7fcf*J, received another certifi-
cate for <£3 Ds.; for his services in the revolutionary
war, in the militia in the State of New York, cov-
ering in all a year'* service, from the pay received,
which year's services, in tho aggregate, is corrob-
orated by a credible witness, who testifies that«he
saw him in said service a year or more, though
she was unable to ftive the details of said service.
It also appears that the Pension Office allowed the
claimant only for six months' service, and placed
him on the pension roll at the rale of twenty
dollars a year. From these facts, tho committee
think that he ought to have been allowed one
year's service at least, from the record evidence
from the comptroller of said State. In conse-
cpience of the advanced age of said Phillips, and
his loss of memory at the time of making his
declaration, he was unable to give satisfactorily
the details of his service, and it is not uncertain
that the service proved by tho woman was other
service than that proved by the corlifieate
comptroller of the State of Now York, and that
he actually served longer than he himself was
able to state. He is now verging on one hun-
dred yeai s of age, and the small pittance he re-
ceives is wholly inadequate to his support.-And
as there are but few left of these venerable patri-
ots of the Revolution on whom the Government
can much longer bestow its grateful acknowledg-
ments, the committee recommend an additional
allowance.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that itdopass.
A bill (H. R. No. 595) for the relief of Ge,shorn
Van Voast. [Objected to by Mr. Smith, of Vir-
ginia.] ' '
A bill (H. R. No. 596) for the "relief of the
children of Elizabeth StorrS. [Objected to by
Mr. Smith, of-Virginia;] ^
A bill*(H. R. IS®. 597) for the relief of Elisa-
beth Martin.
