THE CONGRESSIONAL (GLOBE.
February 6,
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
cause to be placed upon the pension roll the name
of Elizabeth Martin, widow of George Martin,
and that she be paid ninety-six dollars a year
during her natural life, from the 4th of March,
1836.
It appears, from the report, that the said Eliz-
abeth made claim in 1844 to the Pension Office,
for a pension under the act of Congress of July
7,1838, founded on the services of her husband,
George Martin, as an express rider from Char-
lottesville barracks, Virginia, to different parts of
the State to the army, in the revolutionary war,
for twelve months or more preceding the sur-
render of Lord Cornwallis It is also claimed
that he sometimes acted as deputy quartermaster^
at that post, to press horses and cattle, and obtain
provisions for the prisoners at the barracks. The
claim was disallowed on the grounds that " there
was no authority to enlist under military obliga-
tions an express rtder, and the pension laws pro-
vide for those only who rendered services in an
authorized and embodied corps under the penal-
ties-of the law-martial."
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 598) for the relief of the
heirs of Amos Oney, a revolutionary soldier.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to the surviving children of Amos Oney,
a revolutionary soldier, the pension due to their
father under the act of June 7,1832, from the 4th
of March, 1831, till his death, which occurred'
December 12, 1846, at the rate of six dollars a
month, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
. ft appears by the report that Amos Oney en-
listed at Charlestown, Rhode Island, on the 16th
of June, 1775, and served in Colonel G. Hoxie's
regiment, in Captain Roswell Smith's company,
of Rhode Island troops, for six months; also, m
the same company for other six months in 1776;
and other six months in 1777, in Captain Briar
Lewis's company, in Colonel Noyes's regiment,
of Rhode Island State troops. The claim made
to the Pension Office was for two years' service,
and on very unsatisfactory evidence; but after it
was suspended, additional evidence was furnished
which ought to have entitled the applicant to a
pension for the amount of services proved; but
since then the applicant has died, leaving no
widow, but one or two children, who are justly
entitled to the pension their father would have
received had he lived to obtain it.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 599) for the relief of Gen-
evieve Victor. [Objected toby Mr. Underwood.]
A bill (H. R. No. 600) for the relief of the
children of Judah and Sarah 13. Mandigo. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee.]
A bill (H. R. No. 601) for the relief of the
widow of Henry Walthall, a revolutionary sol-
dier.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place on the pension list the name of Elizabeth
Walthall, widow of Henry Walthall, a revolu-
tionary soldier, and pay her, in lieu of her pres-
ent pension, at the rate of eight dollars a month,
from the time his pension ceased, to continue
during her life, deducting therefrom the pension
she has received by any former law; and that he
issue a land warrant to her for one hundred and
sixty acres, without any other proof.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I think that this bill is
all right with one exception. I move to amend
the bill by striking out the latter clause which
gives to this old lady a land warrant for one hun-
dred and sixty acres. At the time she presented
her petition she had made application for bounty
land, and she supposed it had been rejected.
Since that time the bounty land has been given
to her. In other respects, the claim is one of
great merit.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This bill is in
violation of the general laws on the subject.
There are hundreds of cases like it, and perhaps
more meritorious. I object.
A bill (H. R. No. 602) for the relief of the
children and heirs-at-law of Lieutenant Daniel
Starr.
• Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This bill allows
half pay, and I therefore object to it.
A bill (H. R. No. 603) for the relief the chil-
dren and heirs of Levi and Mary Stone.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Levi Stone, who was a captain
of artificers at Danbury, Connecticut, during the
war of the Revolution, from March, 1777, to No-
vember, 1789, on the pension roll of said State,
under the act of June 7, 1832,'at the rate of pen-
sion due for said service; and also the name of
his widow, Mary Stone, on said pension roll,
under act of July 4, 1836, at the same rate, de-
ducting $23 33 per annum during the continuance
of the pension; and the balance so found due be
paid to the children of Levi and Mary Stone, de-
ceased, or their legal representatives.
Levi Stone served seven or eight months as
private in the revolutionary war, commencing in
March, 1775. After this term of service expired,
he was promised, by John Wood, assistant deputy
quartermaster general, a commission as captain,
provided he would raise a company of artificers.
He accordingly did raise a company of about
forty, and was regularly commissioned its cap-
tain. Said company was stationed at Danbury,
Connecticut, and he served as captain of the same
for two years and eight months. All orders which
were addressed to him, were addressed as cap-
tain; and he received the pay and wages for that
grade of service, and at the termination of his
service he was regularly discharged.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 604) for the relief of the
children of Thomas Giles.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. When did this
soldier die ?
Mr. KNAPP. In 1795.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That was before
pensions were allowed at all, and I object to this
bill.
A bill (H. R. No. GOG) for the relief of Leonard
Lilly.
This bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to place thename ofLeonard Lilly, of New York,
upon the pension list, at the rate of four dollars
per month, commencing on the 5th of January,
1838, and continuing until the 8th of September,
1851, the date of thecommencementof hispresent
pension.
It appears from the report that Lieutenant
Jacob Cady was a Lieutenant, duly commis-
sioned, in Colonel Stranahan's regiment of militia,
and on the 13th day of October, 1812, a part of
the company to which he belonged crossed over
into Canada, at Queenstown, and were engaged
in the Queenstown battle. Leonard Lilly was
among the number who crossed the river, and
was wounded in that battle. Upon the return of
the troops to the United States, Lilly was con-
veyed to the hospital-, where he remained until
about the last of November, under the care of the
surgeon. Lieutenant Cady testifies that the com-
mand of the said company devolved upon him;
and that, while in command, he gave the peti-
tioner his discharge from the service, he having
faithfully served out his term.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (C. C. No. 14) for the relief of Thomas
Rhodes and Jeremiah Anstill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I investigated
this case, as a member of the Committee .on the
Post Office and Post Roads, eight years ago, and
reported adversely on it. I object to it, as I do
not think any new facts have come to light.
An act (S. No. 408) for the relief of Joseph
D. Beers, of the city of New York.
Mr JONES, of Tennessee. Is there no report
in this case?
The CHAIRMAN. There is not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to it, then.
Mr. TAYLOR. £ can explain it in a few
words.
Objection was made to debate.
A bill (C. C. No. 17) for the relief of Joseph
D. Beers, of the city of New York.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury,
out of any money in the Treasury hot otherwise
appropriated, to pay to Joseph D. Beers $3,396 66,
with interest thereon from the 9th of August,
1850, till paid in full, for interest and damages on
a bill of exchange drawn by Thomas B. Nalle, a
purser in the Navy of the united States, on Wil-
liam Ballard Preston, late Secretary of the Navy,
for §20,000, payable to the order of Thomas Ap C.
Jones, commander-in-chief of the Pacific squad-
ron, three days after sight, dated January 21,
1850, and indorsed by Thomas Ap C. Jones, to
Moffall & Co., ororder, and by them to the order
of Joseph D. Beers. [Objected to by Mr. Mor-
gan.]
A bill (H. R. No. 628) for the relief of the
owners of the fishing schooner Uncle Amasa.
[Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee.]
A bill (H. R. No. 538) for the relief of the in-
habitants of the parish of Ascension, State of
Louisiana.
The bill provides that all that certain tract or
parcel of land situate on the west side of the Mis-
sissippi, in the parish of Ascension, containing
four arpents one toi® and five feet in front, and
forty arpents in depth, as claimed by Isidore
Blanchard, for the parish church of the parish
of Ascension, under number three hundred and
ninety-one, and reported favorably on by the old
board of commissionersfor the eastern district of
Orleans Territory, and as represented in the sur-
vey of a portion of township eleven south, in
ranges fourteen and fifteen east, in the surveys of
the United States, southeastern district of Louis-
iana, west of the Mississippi, be confirmed to the
inhabitants of the parish of Ascension, for the
uses and purposes for which the same has been
heretofore held and used; provided, that the act
shall be only considered a relinquishment on the
part of the United States, and not to interfere
with the rights of others.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask leave to withdraw my
objection to Court of Claims bill (No. 17) for the
relief of Joseph D. Beers.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to going
back.
A bill (H. R. No. 629) increasing the pension
of Daniel Denver.
The bill directs tjiat the naval pension of Daniel
Denver, of Frederick county, Virginia, be in-
creased to eight dollars per month, the increased
pension to commence on the 1st of January, 1850.
The memorialist, it appears from the report,
was a private in the marine corps, and whilst en-
gaged in the service of his country on the frigate
Constellation in Hampton Roads, was struck with
blindness, since which time he has been com-
pletely blind. The efficiency of the memorialist
as a soldier is attested by the certificate of his offi-
cers, and the fact of his having become blind in
the service of his country is proven by the certi-
ficate of the surgeon. For this loss of sight he is
receiving from the Government the small pittance
of three dollars per month, which suggests at once
the propriety of Congress granting the small in-
crease of pension which is the object of the memo-,
rialist's prayer, more especially as his condition
is one of absolute poverty.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. MORGAN. Was there any objection to
the bill (C. C. No. 17) for the rehefof Joseph D.
Befts, of the city of New York ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] objected to going back.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I withdraw the
objection.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House, with the recommendation that it do
pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 630) for the relief of Benja-
min W. Smithson.
The bill directs that there be paid to Benjamin
W. Smithson, late a captain in-the third regiment
Missouri mounted volunteers, out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
pay and emoluments of a captain, from the date
of his resignation until he was informed by his
commanding officer of the acccptance of the same,
and discharged from the service of the United
States; deducting therefrom such amount as may
have been paid him for services during the same
time.
The evidence in the case shows that Benja-
min W. Smithson was captain of company K, in
