February <>,
Morse, contiguous to that of the commanding
officer, and within (he sight of three separate
sentinels. Captain Steele had often to visit
Stockton, the stores of the command being kept
tnero on boawTof a chartered brig, and being, in
Addition to his duties as quartermaster and com-
missary, in command of one of the companies of
the detachment, was necessitated also often to be
absent in pursuit of deserters, he being ihe only
officer of his company with ft. On the4th of
July, 1849, he was ordered to Stockton on official
business, whither he proceeded, and having closed
jtiiTimediately, returned that night to the encamp-
ment. Immediately afttw his return, he was
Struck by the appearance of the wooden box,
which had contained the §3,000, and upon exam-
ining it, discovered that it had been broken open,
and the money stolen. An investigation was i
instantly instituted, and §500 reward offered for ,
a clew to the robbery, but all without avail; the ;
thief or thieves were never discovered, or the
money recovered.
The ^3,000 so lost stands charged against
Captain Steele on the books of the Government.
The committee think he ought to have the same
allowed to him.
The bill was iaid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. SHERMAN asked leave to withdiaw his
objection to the bill (S. No. 450) for the relief of
Mary Gav.
Mr. McMT-TLLIN objected.
A bill (H. R. No. 651) for the relief of Benja-
min Sayro. [Objected to by Mr. Leiter.]
An act (S. No. 426) for the relief of Thomas
Crown. [Objected to by Mr. LkirEn.]
An act (S. No. 255) for the relief o'f the legal
representatives of Rmaldo Johnson, and of Ann
E. Johnson, deceased. [Objected to bv Mr.
Sherman.]
An net (S. No. 278) for the relief of William
G. Ridgoly, and Hodges & Lansdalc, or their
"" leg.d representatives. [Objected to by Mr. U.m-
DWtWOOD.]
,A bill (II. II. No. Gj~) for the relief of Joseph
$>1. Kennedy.
The bill directs that 60 be paid to Joseph
M. Kennedy, marshal of the United States lor
the eastern district of Louisiana, for the repairs
of furniture and the furniture supplied for the
court-room and offices of the United States court
for the eastern district of Louisiana, rend^ied
necessary in consequence of the removal of the
said court from the municipal hall of the first !
diiti ict of Ne-v Oileans; provided ihe vouchers
therefor shall be submitted to the Secretary ofy
the Interior,and the expenditure be approved byT'
hnn.
It appears, by the report, that Joseph M. Ken- j
liedy IS the marshal of the United States for the ■
eastern district of Louisiana. There is no pubhe j
building in the city of New Orleans for the ac- i
oomiBodation of the United States courts; and as ■
the Government is obliged to rent what is neces- i
eary for that purpose, it sometimes happens that !
the place for holding the courts is changed, and j
that the necessity for doing so obliges the making |
of some expenditure to fit up the court-room, and \
the offices connected with it, in a suitable manner. !
In 1854 one of these removals was effected; and '
\vhen it was taking place, it was found that it j
Was requisite there should be a quantity of new :
furnimrc obtained, and that there should be a i
number of repairs made to the old,inorderto put i
the now rooms in a proper condition. The Hon. !
T H. MeCaleb, the United States district judo-e !
for the eastern district of Louisiana, directed the ;
marshal to get what was needed for the purpose; !
and, acting under this direction, the marshal pro- <
cured various articles offumiture, and had repairs j
made, as stated in the accounts on file, for winch
he paid the sum of three hundred and sixty-two '
dollars and sixty cents in November of that year, i
In 1855 the marshal presented his account, with !
the vouchers for those payments, to the Secretary t
of the Interior, and he declined paying them4.o'n !
the ground that ho was prohibitod*fro5i dorug so !
by the proviso to tlie second section of the act'
.approved February 36,1£53, (lOStatutesatLargc, '
p. 1G5,) which declares" that the marshalshall not
incur an expanse of more than twenty dollars in
«ny one year for furniture,'**%t witbour submitting
a statement aisd estimates to ths Secretary of the
Interior, .and getting his instructions in the prem-
ises." -
The "bill was, on the motion of Mr. Eustis, laid
aside to be reported to the House, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 655) for the relief of the heirs
of William Easby, deceased, partner of Easby
& Henly.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to the heirs of William Easby, deceased,
formerly of the city of Washington, $413 10 out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, being the value of three hundred and
six barrels of lime shipped on board the schooner
Elizabeth, on the 4th of March, 1842, by order
of Colonel R. E. DeRassey, for Fort Monroe,
Virginia, and lost by the vessel getting aground
at Old Point Comfort.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. R. No. 656) for the relief of Joseph
Irish, William Sturgis, and Bartholomew Bald-
win.
The bill authorizes Joseph liish to enter the
northwest quarter of section thirty-six. township
tweufy-eight, range twenty-two; William Stnrgis
to enter ihe east half of the northeast quarter^and
tin- northwest quarter of the northeast quarter,
and the northeast quarter of ihe northwest quarter
of section thirty-six, m township ihirry-fi ve north,
of range thirty west, containing one hnndrodand
sixty acres, and Bartholomew Baldwin to enter
the southeast quarter of section thirty-six, town-
ship twenty-seven, rouse rwenty-two, upon pay-
ment by Joseph Irish, William "Stnrgis, and Bar-
tholomew Baldwin, of thu usual minimum of
95 per acre; and the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Olace is directed to i&sue patents on the
entries.
The second section authorizes the superintend-
ent of public schools m Minnesota to select, in |
equal amounts, other lands m the Territory, for i
the use of public schools, m lieu of the lands i
herein granted. j
ft appears, from the report, that a part of what j
is now the Territory of Minnesota was surveyed j
before the organization of its territorial govern- [
ment, and while it was a portion of Wisconsin. j
The act organizing the Territory rSserved for j
public school purposes the sixteenth section only j
in each township, while thatof Minnesota reserves \
the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections for the '
same purpose. The petitioners had each settled
on thirty-sixth sections prio>- to the passage of
said act, and in ignorance of its provisions, and
they therefore pray for relief.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (11. R. No. Gobi) authorizing the return
of certain arms to the State of Tennessee.
Mr. AKER8. How docs thu> public bill get
on the Pnvote Calendar'
Ihe Cii AIRMAN. 13 y ordct of the House.
Mr. AlCERS. Believing it ought not to be on
the Private Calendar, 1 object to it.
An act (S. No. 103) for the relief of the officers
and soldiers of the Umu d States Army, who sus-
tained loPb5 by the 'disasters to the steamships
Winfield Scott and San Francisco.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to he on
the following substitute for the bill reported by
the Committee on Military AOairs:
That the Sccretarv of Warb^, and he is heu-bv, author-
ized and directed to a^ceitam the value oi the nnhtary
sloies, clothing, aocoucrrmoMs , and Mipphcs io-tbyoath
oftieoi. uoa-coinsiu.-^ioued officer, and piivale of the United
Prates Army, who was on board oithc Wmticld *deoi>, on tlie
2d dav of Decease;, 183b, wnen she was wrecked between
San Francisco and Ivevv Yosk; aad oil boaid the sbteam^hip j1
San Tianeijeo, on the <">?h day of Januaiy, lbr'1, when ;'
wa-< wrecked imtvreen TJcw Yoik and Han Fkujcj.-co ; and i
on hoaid the steamer City of Pitt&buig, in the month of u
October, 18)-1. when she \va< burned pfrh'? hmboi of Yal- j
pasaiso, Cinli, and ateo the value of like article- ii; the bair-
gas« of Urc\ot .Major Wnliani Ausfw<.\of the United States :'f
Army, winch \vu* 10-t on boa. a ot the Finucioco at the i|
limn of the accidoht aiore-asd ; and the ,'smouutfs h> a=r ar- '
taiued «hall be paid out  >  n:iy wonev 11 the Tieasufy not
otherwise pppiopuafeii: L'toiulcd, Ti:at do allowance be !:
made for any n: th amc!c-- Uxi t xnv\)t ^ueh as vva; noeci- i!
sary and piopcr for, and i!> u,-aa!!y cunied by, such otTiceis
and soldiers for the military neeessitips of fueii a voyage
and service: *3,id provide I That amount as
niay have uecn received by aersona Ainmnn^ relief under
ttiis act, under the law of Maid) 2d, 1654, be deducted from
*A KA - i ii.: . _
whatever may by adjudged to be due them under this act
p;evioasto the payrmmt of tho same,
Mr. Q.UITMAK. Since that substitute was
reported from the Committee on Military Affairs
it has been ascertained that the San Francisco
was wrecked on the 24th day of December, J833,
instead of the 5th day of January, 1854; and I
therefore move that the substitute be so amended.
The' amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE. I move that the substitute be
amended by adding the following:
And tiifttthe Secretary of War be authorized to ascertain
and pav to Major Benjamin Alvoid the amount of iorti hi*-
tained^hy him by the wreck of the ?te'ainer Southerner,
between San Francisco and 1'u^et Bound.
Mr. McMULLlN. What has been the prac-
tice of the Government in like crtses?
Mr, 0,'UITMAN. T believe the practice of the
Government has been, where they have com-
| pelled an officer to go on boaid an unsafe vessel,
j to pay for his ncccssary baggage and supplies,
j This is all the substitute provides. I do notknow
| whether the amendment of my friend from Ore-
i gon comes within that rule.
; Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I think this bill
| ou^htto be debated, and therefore object to action
i on it at present.
| Mr LETTER. I ask the unanimous consent
, of the rommittee for leave to withdraw the objec-
I tion I made to a bill (H. R. No. 631) for the re-
lief of Benjamin Sayre.
: Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to going
i back.
j Mr. AKER.S asked leave to withdraw his ob-
j jection to a bill (H. R. No. GoS) authorizing the
1 return of certain arms to the State of Tennessee.
I Objection was made.
; A bill (H. R. No. 609) for the relief of Richard
, 0. Alexander, late a major in the first Tennessee
! regiment, Mexican war. [Objected to by Mr.
i Pur\ian'ci;.]
; Mr. PELTON moved that the committee rise.
; Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers.
\ Telle is were ordered; and Messrs. Bocock and
( Sapp were appointed.
Th-% House was divided; and the tellers re-
| ported—ayes 36', noes 74; no quorum,
j Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope there
. will be a recount.
1 Objecuon was made.
I The CHAIRMAN. There being* no quorum
| on the last vote, the Clerk will call the roll.
! The Clerk proceeded to call the roll; but before
] the call was half completed,
! Mr. UNDERWOOD said; Mr. Chairman, I
! understand that Brown's Hotel is on fire. Many
| of the members put up there, and I hope, by
j unanimous consent, the further call of the roll
| will be suspended, the committee rise, and the
House adjourn.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
finds itself without a quorum, the rules of the
House require that the roll should be called; and
in the opinion of the Chair the committee cannot
set abide the rules of the House.
The call was then completed — one hundred
and twenty-three members answering to their
names.
The committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Wame.man reported the
names of the absentees to the House. A quorum
being present, the committee resumed its ses-
sion.
?J \ COBB, of Georgia. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise. .
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
refinmod thu chajr, Mr. Wakeman reported that
the Committee of the Whole House had had un-
der consideration the Private Calendar, and had
instructed him to report sundry bills, some with
and some without amendments, with a recom-
mendation that the amendments be concurred in
and the bills passed; also a bill, (S. No. 4L}3,)
with a recommendation that it do not pass; and
also a-bill, (S. No. 409,) with a recommendation
that the same do lie upon the table.
PRIVATE BILLS PASSED.
Mr. STANTON. I ask for a separate vote
upon the bill (H. R. No. 647) for the relief of
Brevet Captain Frederick Steele, United States
Army.
Mr. HAVEN. I ask for a separate vote upon
the bill (H  R. No. 423) for the relief oi* K&tha-
