1857,
rine M. Hamer, widow of the late General Thomas
L. Hamer.
The following bills, reported' back without
amendment, and with a recommendation that they
pass, were severalty ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, they were
accordingly read the tirird time, and passed:
A bill (H. R. No. 594) providing an increase
of pension to Isaac Phillips;
A bill (H. R. No. 597) for the relief of Eliza-
beth Martin;
A bill (II. R. No. 598) for the relief of the
heirs of Amos Oney, a revolutionary soldier;
A bill (H. R. No. "603) for the relief of the
children and heirs of .Levi and Mary Stone;
A bill (H. R. No. 605) for the relief of Leon-
ard Lilly;
A bill (H. R. No. 538) for the relief of the in-
habitants of the parish of Ascension, State of
Louisiana;
A bill (H. R. No. 699) increasing the pension
of Daniel Denver;
A bill (H. R. No. 630) for the relief of Benja-
min "\V. Smithson;
A bill (H. R. No. 646) for the relief of Thomas
Jenkins;
A bill (H. R. No. C52) for the relief of Joseph
M. Kennedy;
A bill (H. R. No. 655) for the relief of the
heirs of William Easby;
A bill (H. R. No. 656) for the relief of Joseph
Irish, William Sturgis, and Bartholomew Bald-
win;
A bill (C. C. No. 17) for the relief of Joseph
D. Beers, of the city of New York;
A bill (C. C. No. 23) for the relief of Isaac
Swain;
An act (S. No. 409) for the relief of Thomas
M. Newell, reported froin the Committee of the
Whole House, with a recommendation that it be
laid upon the table, was taken up, and the recom-
mendation of the Committee of the Whole was
concurred in.
A bill (C. C. No. 15) for the relief of Thomas
M. Newell, reported from the Committee of the
Who]e House with an amendment, was then
taken"up, the amendment of the committee con-
curred in, and the bill as amended ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was read a third time and passed.
An act (S. No. 423) for the relief of Katharine
M. Hamer, widow of the late General Thomas
L. Hamer, reported from the Committee of the
Whole House, with the recommendation that it
do not pass, and on which a separate vote had
been asked, was next taken up. . -
Mr. &UITJIA.N. I hope the House will non-
concur in the report of the committee. I make
that motion.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon order-
ing the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for a divis-
ion of the I-Iousc upon that question.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I move that the bill
be recommitted to the Committee of the Whole
House.
MESSA.GE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dicjuns, its Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed an act (S. No.
568) for the relief of Mary Olmstead, of Ohio,
and an act (S. No. 565) for the relief of John W.
-Chevis, of Louisiana, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House; also, that
the Senate had passed a bill of the House for the'
relief of Mary Reeside.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill reported from the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, to provide for the appoint-
ment of a judge-advocate for the Navy, was re-
• committed to that committee. I do not ask action
on the motion now.
The motion to reconsider was entered.
TlfE CQNGRMiONAIu GLQBU.
A bill for the relief of Mary Reeside; when the
Speaker signed the same.
And then, on motion of Mr. SAPP, (at three
o'clock and thirty-five minutes,) the House ad-
journed.
ENROLLED BILLS
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
pills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles:
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
oi lidraund' H. McCabe, assignee of Antoine
Soulard; s
■>- t^'i't0 ex'en<l the time for selling the lands
S ? Kentucky asylum forteaching the
at ana dumbforafurther timeof five years; and
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.'
Saturday, February 7, 1857.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
I hj the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
fhe Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
I Tile SPEAKER stated that reports from com-
j mittees relating to territorial business were first
| m order.
j ADDITIONAL LAND DISTRICTS IN KANSAS.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, from the Committee
on Public Lands, reported back a bill (H. R.
No. 613) to establish two additional land districts
in the Territory of Kansas, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
Mr. GROW. I desire to propose an amend-
ment to the first section of the bill. It is to
strike out all after the twenty-fifth line inclusive,
and insert what I send to the Clerk's table. The
object of the amendment is to establish an addi-
tional land district, in the western part of the
Territory, to bo called the " western district."
The amendment was read.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I would stale, in refer-
ence to that amendment, that it docs not alter
the boundaries of the two districts; it only pro-
poses an additional district. The bill,as reported
from the Committee on Public Lands, provides
for two additional districts, there being already
one in Kansas. That amendment has been pu>-
pared by t he Commissioner of the General Land
Oilice himself. I submitted to him the question
at the request of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Grow,] and many persons who feel
a deep interest in tne people out theie, whether
he thought that two additional districts would
answer<he purpose, or whether it would be bet-
ter to have three. The Commissioner says that
he has no objection to three; that he thinks it
more than likely that four will be necessaiy for
the whole Territory of Kansas; and he handed
me that amendment, which I gave to the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania to offer. I have
no objection at all to it; and I suppose it right to
| adopt it.
| _ Hie question was taken on the amendment; and
it was agreed to. „
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en- j
grossed, it was accoidingly lead the thinl'time j
and passed. I
_ Mr. COBB, of Alabama, moved to amend the I
title of* the bill so as to make it read, •' A bill to '
establish three additional land districts m the Ter- j
ritory of Kansas." !
The title was so amended. ;
MivCOBB, of Alabama, moved to reconsider j
the vote by which the bill was passed, and also j
moved to lay the motion to leconsider on the table; j
which latter motion was agreed to. |
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE. !
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbchy Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed an act (C. C.
No. 17) for the relief of Joseph D. Beers, of the
city of New York; and also an act (S. No. 533)
for the 1'lIief o{ Jedediah II. L.ithrop and his
sureties; in which he waa directed to aide the
concurrence of the House.
DELAWARE AND POTTAWATOMIE LANDS.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I am d irected by the
Committee on Public Lands to offer a b.ll.to
which I trust there w-iit be no serious objection
in the House. Tt is rather a novel bill; but if
the members will give me their attention for five
minutes, I think I will satisfy them as to its fair-
ness.
The hill to authorize the Delaware and Potta-
watomie Indians to sell therightof way forarail-
road was read.
It authorizes and empowers the Delaware In-
dians in Kansas, acting thivudi tin u- chief in..n
or council, to sell to the L.-arenworth, Pawnee,
and Western Uaiboad Company, for the construc-
tion of a railroad from To; t Leave.-iwori.il or LeaV-
enworth City to Fort Reilly or Pawnee, a strip
of land, not over a mile in width, through their
reserve, and not over three miles in width through
the tract known as the Delaware trust'lands, for
a right of way, and for the general purposes of
such railroad; and it also authorizes and em*
powers the Pottawatomie Indians to sell for the
same purpose a strip of land not over a mile in
Width; and it authorizes and requires, the Presi-
dent of the United States, to detail an officer or
agent of the Indian bureau, whose fees and ex-
penses shall be paid by such company, to be pres-
ent when such sales are made by the Indians, and
to counsel and advise them; and on such sales
, being reported by such officer or agent, the Pres-
j 'dent shall either confirm or annul them; provided,
, the lands so sold shall revert to the Delaware® at
the end of five years, unless the road shall be at
that time completed through their reserve, and to
thePottawatomiesat the same time, unless at least
ten miles of said road ahali be then completed
within their reservation.
Mr. COOB, of Alabama. I only want four
minutes and a half to make a general explanation
of the bill. It will be observed by those who
heard it read that it simply provides that tha
company which proposes to connect Fart Lea van-
worth and Port Reilly 
Mr, IIOUSTON, .Does that bill coma within
the special order?
t he SPEAKER. It is within the regular order
of business, as the Chair understands n. •*
^ Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Do I understand
the Chair to decide that this bill is in order?
The SPEAKER. It is within the special order.
Mr. SMITH, of Viigmia. Are we engaged
on territorial business?
The SPEAKER. On territorial business.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. As I \va^ about sta-
| ting, tins company proposes to connect the two
i important Government points}, Fort Leavenworth
i and Fort Reilly; and the bill only provides that
j the company shall be permitted to buy from tlio
Indian tribes the right of way for said road, and
i a certain quantity of land along- the line. But,
I that the Indians may not be imposed upon, the
j bill piovides that the Government shall send an
• agent there to meet in council with the Indians,
and to see that their interests are perfectly pro-
tee,fed, and that they got a imr"Consideration for
their land.
The bill also provides that the company shall
pay the expenses of the Government agent, so
that the Govrnnv-iit will not have a dollar to pay
: in i he matter. After the sales shall have been
made, and the agent shall have reported, then
#theie is another guard against the Indians* being
chanted, for it is left within the discretion of tljtj
Presidentof th<> Untied States to confirm or annul
them. I? it is believed that the Indians have not
|j had full justice do-io them, I am sure that the
j. President and Mr. Manynenny—the fat her of the
Indians—will not eounrm ihe sales, That is oil
i! the bill piovid' s, It docs not give away a foct
[! of the 1 ird In-longing to the General Government,
j] nor pay one cent out. of the Treasury.
ji The question is to lie refened at" lest to the
II Commissibner of Indian A flairs, Mr. Man ypf,n uy,
j] and the Pi evident of the (Tinted S'ntet-s, who are
: to decide whether or not the Indians have been
| fairly dealt with. If they decide that they hava
jj been improperly dealt-with, then Hie whole thing
jj falls to the ground.
jl Mr. GROW. I hope this day will not be con*.
J sumed with these raiiiond bills.
j, Mr. COGB, of Alabama. I will call for the
jj previous question.
l! Mr. JONftN, of Tennessee. I wish to mako
of the gentleman from Alabama who
on inquiry of ui<  gemionmn irom Aiaoanm woo
reported this bill from the Committee on Public
Lands. What is the necessity for'panting" tfna
company the right of way one mile-wide? "Sueh
a request has nevi r before been made in reference
to the public land. I never heard of It being* asked
for through any land. If the right of way he
£ivim of a mile wide, this, then, is- made a great
• t landed monopoly, wi*o elm hold and cell tivse
:! lands. They are to have the authority l-> pur-
jj ch is-i from the Indians as they please. Tney
;i may, if they think' rent them in ncipetuity. *
;j Mr. H, MARSHALL. Why is Lie pro\ ts.on
!: contained in this bill that this company shall
jj carry free the munition# of-wnr mid Uie soldiers
!■ <*f-tbs TJmted *&afeet-
