February 7.
Mr! JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
biil on the table, and demanded the yea  and
nays. ^ ,
Tiie yeas and nays were ordered-.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the aflmttfttive^-yeas 93, nays 62; as follows:
-YEAS—Messrs. Akers, Albright^ Barbour, Barksdaie,
Hendloy S. Bennett, Benson, Roooak, Boyco, Branch,
"CarHle, Caskie, Howell Cubb, Williamson K. W. Cobb,
Colfax, Cntige, Crawford, Cuilen, Cinnback, Jacob C\
jDavis, Day, l>odd, Durm, Edmundson, English, Faulkner,
Florence, Poster, Galloway, Goode, Grow, Augustas Hail,
Tiailau, J. Morrison Harris, Hoffman, Houston, Jewm,
George W. Jones. Knapp, Kniglit, Knowlton, Knox, Kuu-
kel, Lake, Leiter, Letcher, Lumpkin, Mace, McMulhn,
•Smith Miller, Millson, Morgan, Morn!!, Morrison, Muiray,
Mordecai Oliver, Parker, Pennington, Perry, Pettxl, PUclps,
Pike, Pringle, Puryear, Quitman, Readc, Ready, P.uffin,
Rust^ Sandidpe, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Stanton, Talbott,
Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Trafton, Undeiwood,
Wado, Walker, Cadwalader C. Washbuine, Watkm*,
"Watson, Wheeler, Winslow, Wood, Woodwortli, Daniel
B. Wright, awl Zollieofler—93.
"NAYS—Messts. Allen, Allison, Bell, Bingham, Bishop,
Blis«, Brnd^haw, Bronton, Broom, Bufnnton, Buihngame,
Lewis D. Campbell, Ezra Clark, (dawson, Cumins, Covodc,
Craji'm, Damrell, Davidson. Dean, Denver, Dick, Dmfee,
JEdwards, Ethendge, Fiagler, Thotnas J. D. Fuller, Gran-
ger,Roboit B. ILifi, Harrison, Heibert, Thomas R. Ilorron,
Howard, Tlugbston, King, Alexander K. Marshall, Max-
well, McC.iny, Killi.m Miller, Muore, Noiton, Porter,
Pnrvirmee, Rabbins, Roberts, Sapp, Scott. Shermm, Spin-
Tier, Stewart, Stranahan, Todd, Trippe. Vail, Wakeman,
Waibridge, VValdron, Elliini B. Washburne, Welch, Wells,
Whitney, and Woodruff—62.
So the bill was laid on the table.
AZAHEL BUSH AGAIN.
Mr. LANE. Feeling satisfied that the Speaker
did not understand the effect of the joint resolu-
tion for the relief of Azahel Bush, territorial
printer, .for printing the statutes of Oregon in
1853-54* I ask that it may be taken back from
the Committee of the Whole House and acted
on. It docs not makcany appropriation. It
only authorizes the payment of money now in
the hands of the treasurer of the Territory for
that purpose. The report of the committee will
satisfy every gentleman of the propriety of pass-
ing the resolution. I move to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole House from the further
consideration of the resolution.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution was taken up to be acted on at this time.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to know
whether there is not now a law providing for the
payment of these' printers r What is the diffi-
culty about it
Mr. LANE. If the gentleman will hear the
report read he will be satisfied of the justice of
the case.
Mr. LETCHER. I have no objection to hear
the report read.
The report was read. It appears from it that
the Legislative Assembly of Oregon directed Mr.
Bush, then the printer of the Territory, to print
and hind one thousand copies of the acts of the
Legislative Assembly, and deliver them at Salem,
the seat of government, within a certain specified
time. Mr. Bush had the wprk done in New
York; but the vessel which sailed from New
York, having on board five hundred copies, was
wrecked, and the copies lost. The Assembly
subsequently released Mr. Bush from his con-
tract, but refused to make compensation for the
loss of these books. This joint resolution pro-
poses to do so.
The jointresolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read ft third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Air. PERRY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint'resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the mouon to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GROW. Before going into committee, I
would inquire of the Speaker what is the.condi-
tion of the bill reported by the Committee on
Territories to repeal the laws of Kansas? Does
it-come up in the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the bill,is pending on a motion to recommit'it to
the Committee on Territories, and that it will be
in order in the morning hour.
Mr. GROW. Has it precedence of the sub-
marine telegraph bill?
The SPEAXlER. That biil is in precisely<the
eonditkm.
Mr. GROW. I giv* notice that I will on
(1 Tuesday next call up- for consideration thls ' bill
|i .to repeal the laws of Kansas-, ' •• :
i! Mr. JONES; of Tennessee. How can it,come
t1 up thenf It came here on a special-order day.
|l The SPEAKER. That question does not arise
11 now.
ij Mr^WHITFIELD. I would inform the gen-
f] tleman from Pennsylvania and the House, that
i! the Kansas Territorial Legislative Assembly is
now in session, and that my information is that
jj they have repealed the very laws provided for by
the'gentleman's bill.
|; Mr. GROW. I move that the rules be sus-
•i pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to..
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Stanton in the chair.) -
The CHAIRMAN stated the business in order
to be the special order, which was the considera-
tion of territorial business.
CAPITOL EUILDLNG—NEW MEXICO.
Mr. GROW. I would suggest that the com-
mittee first take up and consider those bills on the
territorial calendar, which will give rise to no
debate.
I move now that the committee take up a bill
(H. R. No. 619) making an appropriation for
completing the capitol building m the Territory
of New -Mexico.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill appropriates $50,000 for the completion
i of the capitol building of New Mexico.
The Committee on Tcrri^ries reported an
amendment to reduce the appropriation to $40,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was laid aside to be re-
ported to the House, with a recommendation that
it do jffess.
CAPITOL BUILDING UTAH,
Mr. GROW moved that the committee take up
bill (II. R. No. 715) providing for the completion
of the capitol building of Utah.
' The motion was agreed to.
j The bill appropriates $25,000 for the completion
t of the capitol building of Utah.
| Mr. AKERS. I move to amend the bill by
j adding to it as follows:
f Si'c. 2. Jjnd he it further enacted, That the Secretary
; of ill;; Tieasuiy is hereby authorized to pay, out of any
nmneyin 1he 'IVcriMity not otherwise approbated, the sum
I of Bo,71® to Samuel A. [.owe thr suvices rendered as
I a.-si!.tant cl ik of the Kansas Lceislatuie; and al,o ill
1 5up"iintemhn« toe punting of the statutes theieof.
• Mr. GROW. I raise the point of order that
| the amendment is not germane to the bill. The
! bill provides for completing the capitol building
of Utah; the amendment provides for paying for
! clerical service to the Legislature of Kansas. One
< is a public bill; the other a private claim.
j The CHAIRMAN The Chair sustains the
| question of order.
; Mr. DUNN. Before this bill is disposed of,
i I would like the gentleman [Mr. Grow] to inform
j the committee whether the people of Utah Ter-
, ritory, instead of paying any respect to the laws
! of the United States, do not maintain by their
; conduct that they are in all respects " a law unto
i themselves■" Do they not virtually so declare?
| Do they not live in open and public disregard
jj of all morality, and the religion of the civilized j
ii world?   I
i! Mr. GROW. This bill was sent to the Com- j
!i mitt.ee on Territories. The Secretary of the 1
jj Treasury reported to that committee that, the I
jj amount of the tormer appropriation had been j
i exhausted; that all the accounts were settled: and j
I; that this amount in addition was required tocom-
i j plete the cauitol building of Utah. The committee
" have recommended the appropriation of only the
ji "amount they deemed absolutely necessary to com-
• ■ plete that building; and so far as the question of
■; the gentleman from Indiana is concerned, I have
jj to say that there is a bill pending on a motion to
jtftlW'ugm''
correspondence called fof exists in the Depart-
ments, and the resolution was not intended in
any way as an attack on the Administration, yet
there has been no Response to that resolution.
Mr. GROW. I move that the bill be laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass. ^
Mr. DUNN. I move to amend the motion so
as to provide that it be reported to the House,
with a recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Without meaning
to make any. speech upon this question, I will
state to the committee that it was determined, by
the Committee on Territories at leajrt, to make
appropriations to the territorial governments to
the amount of $40,000 in all, as a sum sufficient
to put up the requisite capitol buildings for their
use. Now, this Territory of Utah is in that way
classified with theTerritories of NewMexico and
others, and the whole question is whether or not
this committee will discriminate between the Ter-
ritories in reference to their public buildings.
The social condition and domestic habits of the
people are entirely outside offKJsiquestion, and
this House ought not now to interfere with them.
I hope the committee will not refuse the appro-
priation recommended by the committee.
Mr. GROW. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana will not insist upon his amendment, but'
will allow the bill to go to the House, and there
we can have a vote upon it.
Mr. DUNN. I am not willing to withdraw the
amendment. The point is this: whether we shall
give money to a territorial government embracing
only a population which controls and governs
things there in all respects themselves, and abso-
lutely, in open and public defiance of the religion
and morality of the civilized world, and in con-
tempt and scorn of the laws of this Government,
which protects and fosters them ? It is unworthy
this House to entertain such a proposition until
that people shall better regard the Government
under which they live, the just sentiments of the
Christian world, and the common decencies of
life.
Mr. LEITER. I can see no reason why this
bill should not take the ordinary course, if it is
true, as stated by my friend from Indiana, that
the citizens of that Territory are living in daily
violation of the laws of the country and the law's
of Christianity, we, I claim, have the power to
reduce them into subjection, and it is our duty to
do so. But I can see no reason why, when that
Territory is under the jurisdiction of the United
States, we should not provide for it as we do for
othgr Territories. Neither do I see why they
should be permitted to remain there acting m open
violation of the laws. Yet, if they do that, it is
no reason why we should vote against making
necessary appropriations for carrying on the ter-
ritorial government there.
Mr. DUNN. I ask for tellers upon my amend-
ment.
Tellers wore ordered; and Messrs. Whitney
a-nd Sapp were appointed.
Mr. GROW. Let the bill be reported to the
House in the way the gentleman desires, and we
can have a vote upon it there.
Mr. DUNN. With that understanding I witl
draw the call for tellers.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it do not
pass.
CAPITOL BUILDING—NEBRASKA.
Mr. GROW. The next bill that I desire to
take up is one appropriating §40,000 for Nebras-
ka Territory for similar purposes.
Mr. WHITNEY". I object to going out of
. order on the Calendar. I call for the cqnsidera-
; tion of the bills upon the Calendar in their order,
i Mr. GROW. If the ■ gentleman from New'
j York objects, I will move to pass over informally
1 each bill upon the Calendar in order, until we get
down to the bills we want to act upon.
The CHAIRMAN. • The- Chair supposes that
it is competent-for a majority of the committee to
j recommit, which involves the whole question of. > (Jay aside airy bill, and take upany bill theydeem
• how the people of Utah live. . proper. > - -
• Miv MORRILL. It will be recollected by Mr. GROW. 4 move to lay aside the first bill
 - ' *■-- upon-the Calendar, being a bill (H. R. No. 74)
t'o amend and silppiem'entary to " An act to or-
gamze.tlwflPfeiTitories-d'f Nebraska and KsSisas-,"
approved May 30, 1854. • < V
