THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.,
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1357.
New Series.....No. 3?.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I hope the bill for the
capitol buildings of Nebraska will be talcet) up
and acted upon by the committee.
Mr. GROW. I make the point of order that
debate is not in order upon a motion to lay aside
a bill.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I will take but a few
moments of the time of the committee. I desire
to be heard upon that bill.
Mr. GROW. The bill making appropriations
for Nebraska is not yet before the House. I am
moving to lay aside the bills before it, in order
to reach it.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I desire to be heard upon
the bill when it is reached.
The question was taken on Mr. Grow's mo-
^ tion; and it was agreed to.
Mr. GROW. I move to pass by informally the
Ml (H. R. No. 122) to provide for additional mad
steam service from San Francisco, California, to
Oregon, and to extend to Olympia, Washington
Territory.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GROW. I move to pass over informally
the bill (H. R.No. 291) to provide for the survey
of the Mississippi river, from Fort Snellinn; to
the Falls of St. Anthony; thence to the Sauk
Bapids; and for the survey of the rock bar at the
Little Falls of the Minnesota.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GROW. I move to pass by informally the
bill (H. R. No. 292) to provide for the survey of
Root river, in the Territory of Minnesota.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GROW. I move to pass over informally
the bill (H. R. No. 142) establishing a mail route
on Puget Sound, in Washington Territory.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GROW. I move to pass over informally
the bill (H. R. No. 418) making an appropriation
of $5,000 for the construction of an embankment
in Minnesota Territory.
Mr. WHITNEY. I call for tellers upon that
motion.
Tellers were refused.
The motion was agreed to. .
Mr. WALKER. I would ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to give the committee some,
reason for passing over these bills ?
Mr. GROW. I stated to the committee at the
outset that there were a number of bills upon the
Calendar which would probably give rise to no
debate; and in order to facilitate business upon
the whole Calendar, I desired to lay aside some
bills to which there would probably be objection,
and take up those to which there would be no
objection. As the gentleman from New York
(JVIr. Whitney) objected to that course—which
requires unanimous consent—lam moving to lay
aside bills upon which there would be debate, in
irder to get at those to which there would be no
•bjection.
Mr. WALKER. Then the gentleman from
Pennsylvania constitutes himself the sole judge
as to whether debate will arise upon any partic-
ular bill!
Mr. GROW. I move to lay aside the next bill,
to authorize the Secretary of War to settle and
pay the expenses of the war with the Indians in
the Territories of Oregon and Washington, in the
years 1855 and 1856, and for other purposes.
'The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GROW. I move to pass over a bill (H.
R. No. 430) to divide the Territory of Washing-
ton into four land districts.
The motion was agreed to.
. Mr. GROW. I move to pass over a bill (H.
it. No. 390) making a grant of land to the Terri-
tories of Nebraska, Minnesota, and Kansas, in
alternate sections, to aid in the construction of
|~ railroads in said Territories.
Mr. BRENTON. If it be in order, I move to
amend the motion so as to lay the bill aside to be
reported to the House, with a recommendation
39
1
that it bo recommitted to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes (hot
the motion is not in order; it is a mere question
of priority of business.
Mr. Grow's motion was agreed to.
Mr. GROW". 1 move to pass over bill (H. It.
No. 16G) to provide for the sale of certain town
lots.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That bill
has no reference to territorial business. It should
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Thn CHAIRMAN. A motion to that effect is
not in order at this time.
Mr. Gnow's motion was agreed to.
Mr. GROW. I move to pass over bill (H,
It. No. 570) to aid the Territory of Minnesota to
establish and support an asylum for the deaf and
dumb, blind and insane.
The motion was agreed to,
Mr. GROW. I now ask that the bill (H. R.
No. G40) to complete the Capitol buildiyg at
Omaha City, in the Territory of Nebraska, and
for securing to said Territory the square on which
said Capitol building'is being erected, and' the
other public buildings in said city, and for other
purposes, be taken up and considered.
The bill was read by the Clerk.
Mr. GROW. The Committee on Territories
have reported the following amendment in the
nature of a substitute:
;( Strike our all ntVr Die enacting clause, nnd insert:
|' That tli'* Mini of  '.">(),00 > be, and i-- hciebj, appiopri.iled
ji out oi auyttionejs in the Ticastavnot otherwise appropu-
ated, to complete tlie Capitol buildings in the Teuuoiy of
Nebraska, to be expended under the duet turn of the Gov-
emoi oi haul Tciritory.
Mr. LETCHEIt. I have seen it stated in the
papers of late that the Territorial Legislature of
Nebraska has determined to remove its capital
to a place called Douglas City How that is J
do not know; but if they have done so, I do not
see the propriety of appropriating money to com-
plete buildings at the point from which the cap-
ital is to be removed.
Mr. GROW. At the tiifte the Committee on
Territories acted on this bill, wo had no reports
as to the action of the Nebraska Legislature. The
bill is here now for action, and the gentleman can
move to report it to the House, with a recommend-
ation that it do not pass. 13ut I desiie to have it
disposed of, like nil other bills of the Territories.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 desire to know whether
the facts are as Mated in the newspapers?
Mr. GROW. These facts, iftruc, have occurred
since the action of the committee was had, and I
know nothing about them more than the gentle-
man fiom Virginia does. It is only from the
newspapers I get my information on the subject.
Perhaps the Delegate from Nebraska can explain.
Mr/ CHAPMAN. 1 understand that the bid
to remo\e the capital of Nebraska did pass the
Tenitorial Legislature, but that it was vetoed by
the Governor, and on reconsidering it the bill
was not passed over the Governor's veto by the
requisite two-thiids vote. A member in each
branch, who voted for the passage of the bill
originally, voted in the negative on the recon-
sideration, and the bill failed to pass. I under-
stand that the matter is settled now, so far as the
present Legislature of Nebraska is concerned.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I would like to in-
quire of the Delegate from Nebraska if he knows
whether that proposition passed one branch of
the Legislature by a two-thirds vote, and only
failed in the other by a single vote?
Mr. CHAPMAN. It passed the Council by a
two-thirds vote originally; but it did not pass the
House by a two-thnds vote. It originated in the
Council; and on being vetoed and returned to the
Council, it theie failed of the two-thirds vote, and
of course did not go to the House at all.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. How mueh^of the
two-thirds vote did it lack in the House?
Mr. CHAPMAN. Understand me. The bill
originated in the Council. It there received a
two-thirds vote; but in the House it lacked one
of a two-thirds vote in its original passage. - It
was vetoed and returned to the Council, and there
failed of getting the two-thirds vote as it had got
in its original passage. The bill therefore failed.
From the proceedings of the Legislature I find
that the reasons urged against the removal of the
capital were that the place to which it was to be*
removed was a place where there was not a cit-
izen residing within twenty miles. For myself 1
do not wish to be understood as arguing for or
against the removal of the capital; that is no part
of my duty here. My duty is to try and obtain
the necessary appropriation to complete the build-
ing already commenced under legal authority.
The Governor, so far as I can learn by his ac-
counts at the Treasury, has properly applied the
money already appropriated, and to complete the
building for urg the further sum reported from
the committee is necessary.
Mr. LETCHER. Now, if it was proposed to
remove the capital of the Territory to a place
whfM'e there i<s not an inhabitant withm twenty -
miles, and if that removal was only defeated by
oneyote m one branch of the General Assembly,
it strikes me (hat it is pretty near time for this
House to begin to consider whether it will appro-
priate money for the construction of public build-
ings in Omaha City. Suppose there had been a
population at the place to which it was proposed
to remove th<> capital, I imagine that that vote
would have boon had, but it was probably defeated
by the fact, that there was not a human being to
feed or entertain the members of the General As-
sembly when they should arrive. And yet, under
all these circumstances, the capital was within one
vote of being removed after the public buildings
had been commenced by appropriation from the
Federal Treasury.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will my colleague
allow me to mention a fact? Iji the Jower House,
according to the latest intelligence, there has not
been any definitive action. I think thatthe paper
which the Delegate has in his possession shows
that the loyvor House postponed the definite action
of that body to a subsequent period; and as to
their further action we have no intelligence what-
ever.
Mr. CHAPMAN. The bill originated in the
Council, and on being returned to that body
failed to reccivc a two-thirds vote. It failed in
both branches of the Assembly. I will send to
the Clerk's desk, to be read to the House, an
extract from the Governor's message.
Mr. LETCHER. Let the proceedings of the
Assembly be also read.
The Clerk read as follows:
In congelation of these facts, I am unable to discover
any sufficient reasons why a change should be made, or
even desired, more especially to a point which, if it bah an
existence at all, except on paper, is entirely remote fiom
the center of population, and equally remote from the geo-
graphical center of the Territory. It is not pretended that
a Mngle house, or even a sod shanty, has been erected upon
the Hte of the proposed capital or inns vicinity. It appears
to be a floatmc town,not on!> withoullocahty,butwithout
inhabitants existence, if it has any, seems at present
to be confined to the brain of s-ome desperate fortune-
hunter. and its identity reposes in an undeftnable number
of certificates of btock for .$<.>00 each, neatly gotten up and
handsomely executed, with all the requisites of president,
secretary, &e. Where the precise location of tins town is
pretended to be, I am unable to determine. Hy some it is
'said to be somewhere on Halt creek; by others, further^
removed from the (settlements, and in the vicinity of .tlie
southern boundary of the Terntory. AM agree, however,
that theie are two towns in the county of Lancaster by the
name of Douglas, already made upon, paper. To which of
these it is the intention of the Legislature to remove tire
seat of government 1 am left wholly to conjecture, it
might so happen, and, from my knowledge of the specu-
lative genius of a certain class of our citizens, I thfrik it
highly probable, that, should the bill under consideration
become a law, each of these rival towns would set up a
claim to the capital, winch, nuglit require long ana tedious
litigation to settle, leaving the people of the Territory, in
the mean tune, without a seat of government."
Mr. LETCHER. I think this extract from
Governor Izard's veto message presents* a state
of affairs that should induce this House to with-
hold any appropriation at all, I therefore move
that the bill be laid aside to be reported to the
