610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
House, with the recommendation that it be re-
tected.
Mr. CHAPMAN. I hope the House "tpill not
act on tins bill nnderany misapprehension of the
facts. I wish tile matter to be fairly and truly
Eresented; therefore I hope the question will not
e disposed of at once. 1 hope time will be given
for exhibiting the facts of the case.
Mr. KENNETT. Is not a large amount of
this money necessary to pay for work already
done on this Capitol building?
Mr. LETCHER. The appropriation is to
complete that building.
Mr. KENNETT. Those may be the words
used; but I would inquire of the gentleman from
Nebraska Whether this appropriation is not needed
to pay for work already done?
Mr. CIIAPMAN. I am unable to answer the
gentleman.
Mr. LETCHER. Jt May be that last year they
spent more money than was appropriated.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I offer the following
amendment:
Sec. 2. Jlml be it further enacted. That the fame he
appropriated fov the public buildings in Kansas, and' to be
expended antler the same rules and regulations.
Mr. GROW. I do not desire to interrupt what
the Delegate from Kansas wishes to say, but I
reserve to myself the right to make a point of order
on the amendment.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I donotoffermy amend-
ment with any view to embarrass the passage of
this bill. I am in favor of it. Yet, Mr. Chair-
man, I cannot discover what good reason there
was for a report from the Committee on Territo-
ries in favor of a bill to appropriate money to
complete the capitol building in Nebraska, and
against a bill for the same purpose for Kansas.
Is it because the names of the Territories are spelt
with different letters ? I know the chairman of
that committee has said that there were no esti-
mates for Kansas. I refer him to the message
of the Governor of Kansas. And ho must have
learned—if he has not, however, I will inform him
—that the capitol building in Nebraska and the
capitol .building in Kansas are being built under
the superintendence of the same architect. And as
has been suggested by the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Ive.vnett,] debts have been contracted
for the completion of those buildings, fur the sat-
isfaction of which these appropriations are in part
demanded. All the pine timber for Kansas and
Nebraska is obtained from St. Louis. In addi-
tion to this, there are certain iron pillars shipped
"from the same city—all of which are to be paid
for. Men have gone on and furnished this timber
and iron, relying On the justice and good faith of
the Government for payment.
It is objected to the appropriation for Nebraska,
that the Legislative Assembly of that Territory
have passed a bill for the change of the seat of
government. This objection does not apply to
my amendment. It has been nowhere claimed
that the people of Kansas desire the removal of
' their present seat of government; and why is it
that the committee recommend ail appropriation
for the completion of the capitol in Nebraska, and
oppose one for Kansas? I know there are pre-
judices against the Territory of Kansas; but will
gentlemen on the other side of the House allow
themselves to be carried so far as to refuse to that
Territory what they so lavishly grant to all others?
Will they deny vis what they grant to our adjoin-
ing neighbor ? I appeal to all just and honest men
to set their faces against such injustice. If one
Territory is provided for, provide for all. Why
give one what is denied to the other? Tl^is ap-
propriation for Nebraska is right; it ought to be
passed; and so is the one for Kansas. I hope
they will both be agreed to.
A bill passed this House some days ago making
an appropriation of $30,000 for the erection of a
penitentiary in the Territory of Nebraska; and I
ask why d oes the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories come in and report against
a similar appropriation for the Territory of Kan-
sas ? I admit, that perhaps we do not need a peni-
tentiary in Kansas as much as theydoin Nebraska;
yet it is regarded in all new Territories that a
penitentiary is absolutely necessary. We in Kan-
sas may have been a little obstreporoussome time
ago, but now we are as quiet and peaceable as
any portion of the Union, and desire only that
this Congress will deal with us with that liber-
ality and justice with which they act towards
other Territories, and then Kansas will remain as
quiet as any other Territory in the Union. Let
me say here, that all that the people of Kansas
desire is, that you will give them the same priv-
ileges as you give to other Territories, and that
you shall deal with them in the same way, and
let us alone at that.
So far as our laws are concerned, there are
some which have been objected to; but I am glad
to state here that my information is that some of
the most " odious," as they are called, of those
laws have already been repealed, and others will
be. Then I appeal to this House-to do unto that
people as you do to the people of other Territo-
ries.
Mr. GROW. I do not propose to prolong the
debate; but, in reply to the complaint of the~Del-
effate from Kansas, I will state the facts so far
as the Committee on Territories are concerned.
, Fifty thousand dollars has already been appro-
! priated for public buildings in Kansas. After
| adopting the rule that they would make no fur-
i ther appropriations for Territories where money
had previously been appropriated, unless they
were satisfied that the former appropriation had
been properly expended, and unless the Depart-
ment was informed that it had been so expended,
and was not sufficient to complete the buildings,
the committee addressed a letter to the Secretary
of the Treasury on that subject in regard to Kan-
sas, and he wrote back that $50,000 had been
drawn from the Treasury, but as to the manner
in which it had been expended the Department
had no knowledge; that there was nothing in that
office showing whether it had been expended at
all; nor had they any estimates that any further
appropriation was necessary. Therefore the com-
mittee did not act upon the matter.
Mr. WHITFIELD. How about the peniten-
tiary ? Had there ever been a penitentiary in
Nebraska? If not, why report against one for
Kansas, and m favor of one for Nebraska?
Mr. GROW. We reported in favor of no
penitentiary for Nebraska this session; but we
will not report in favor of one in any Territory,
unless they will return to the Department a satis-
factory account of the manner in which they have
expended previous appropriations. The Gov-
ernor of Kansas did not make his returns to the
Department, as he was bound to do, showing
that the moneys which had already been appro-
priated for public buildings had been properly
expended; and therefore we have reported no
appropriation for that Territory.
I desire to appeal to the Delegate from Ne-
braska to allow this bill to be reported to the
House upon the motion of the gentleman from
Virginia, and there it can be voted upon.
Mr. LETCHER. I wish to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania before this
bill is disposed of. I understood my friend from
Missouri [Mr. Kennett] to inquiie of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, who is at the head of
the Committee on Territories, as to tlfe disposi-
tion which has been made of the money appro-
priated for Nebraska, and the amount of debts
due to persons in St. Louis and elsewhere, con-
tractors upon these public buildings. If I under-
stood the answer aright which the gentleman from .
Pennsylvania made to the gentleman from Kan- !
sas, he said the committee did not act until they
had full information as to the disposition and the
application of every dollar of the money used.
How is it that they have no information as to j
Kansas, and none as to Nebraska, and yet make 1
an appropriation for one, and not for the other?
Mr. GROW. The question of the gentleman !
from Missouri was addressed to the Delegate from j
the Territory of Nebraska, and not to me. That j
answers part of the gentleman's remarks. I have '
already stated, that the committee addressed a j
letter to the Secretary of the Treasury, to know j
whether the money appropriated to Nebraska had '
been expended, and if so, was that amount suffi- j
cien t? The reply was, that the account had been |
audited, and that the whole fotmer appropriation |
had been properly expended, and that $50,000 i
more would be required to complete the building. !
Mr. LANE obtained the floor. i
Mr. JjETCHER. One question more. |
T be CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ore- j
gon has the floor. i
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to make an inquiry, j
Mr. LANE. We ha've but about one hour
more forthe consideration of territorial business,
and this bill, after passing over many bills which
I think would have given rise to no debate, is
likely to consume the whole of that time.
Mr. LETCHER. I shall occupy but a mo-
ment.
Mr. LANE. I rose for the purpose of asking
that this bill be informally laid aside that we may
take up some other bills. It is not fair that the
whole time should be taken up with this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is, that this
bill be passed over informally.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Before that ques-
tion is taken, I want to" know of the Committee
on Territories why that committee gives to one
Territory $100,000 and only §40,000 to another?
Mr. GROW. If gentlemen would listen to
the remarks which are made, it would save the
trouble of repetition. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury estimated for New Mexico $45,000'as neces-
sary to complete the building. The committee
reported only $40,000, and we certainly should
not appropriate more than the estimate called for
for any Territory.
The question was then taken on Mr. Lane's
motion; and it was agreed to.
So the bill was passed over informally.
Mr. GROW. I move to pass over informally
the next bill, being a bill (H. R. No. 431) to au-
thorize the Secretary of War to settle and adjust
the expenses incurred in defending the frontier
settlements of Nebraska against the Indians, dur-
ing the year 1855.
Mr. CHAPMAN. Why should that bill be
passed over?
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a point of order.
It is that a single objection is fatal to passing
over a bill.
The CHAIRMAN.- The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not wish to
trouble the Chair or to embarrass the committee,
but do I understand the Chair to decide that a
proposition to pass over a bill is not a debatable
matter r
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did so decide
upon analogy to the practice in the House where
a question aifecting the priority of business is not
debatable.
The question recurring on ?vlr. Grow's motion,
Mr. AKERS called for tellers.
Tellers were oidered; and Messrs. Morgan,
and Wright o£ Tennessee, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 88, noes 36.
* So the bill was passed over.
ROAD IN NEBRASKA.*
A bill (H. R. No. 641) for the construction of
a road in the Territory of Nebraska was then
taken up.
The bill appropriates §30,000 forthe construc-
tion of a road from the Platte river, via Omaha
Reservation and Dacotah City, to the Running
Water river, in the Territory of Nebraska, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I move that the bill be
laid aside to be reported to the House, with a
recommendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to,
WAGON ROAD TO CALIFORNIA.
A bill for the construction of a wagon road
from the South Pass of the Rocky Mountains,
in Nebraska Territory, via Great Salt Lake
Valley, to Honey Lake Valley, in the eastern por-
tion of the State of California, was next in order.
The bili appropriates $250,000 for the construc-
tion of such wagon road, pursuant to contracts
to be made by the Secretary of the Interior, to
connect with and form an extension of the road
already authorized from Fort Ridgely to the
South Pass.
The Committee on Territories reported the
following amendment:
Strike out the words "and fifty," so that the bill shall
appropriate $200,000.
Mr. GROW. I propose the following amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute;
Strike out all after the enacting clause, ^nd insert:
That the sum of &300,000, or so much theieof as may be
necessary, be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of
any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated for'
the Construction of a wagon road from Fort Kearny, in ths
