1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Wi"
Territory of Nebraska, via the South PasS of the Rocky
Mountains, to the eastern boundary of the State of Califor-
nia near Honey Lake, to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior, pursuant to contracts to
be made by him; said road to connect with and form an
extension of the road already authorized from Fort Kearny
to the aforesaid South Pass.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I cannot consent
to that appropriation unless I see how people are
to get to the South Pass.
Mr. GROW. The terminus of the road at this
side is at Fort Kearny; and there is already a
road from Council Bluffs to Fort Kearny, which
makes a coi^uous road from Council Bluffs to
the South Pass.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not know what are the
precise provisions of this bill, for I have been
unable to hear anything in this portion of the
House for the last half hour. What I wish to
say to the committee is, that if they ever intend
to do anything by way of making a communica-
tion between the Atlantic States and the Pacific
ocean, that this is the right place to begin, and
that if a measure, of this kind, making a grand
wagon road for the purpose of carrying the mail
from our western territories across to the Pacific,
had been entered on four or five years ago, we
should now have a good communication, and have
fully tested whether there would be any use in
undertaking to make a railroad communication
hereafter. Some practicable good old-fashioned
wagon road through the Territory can be made
for less money than the surveys &r a railroad
have cost; and it will test the practicability of the
railroad itself. I only say this by way of com-
mending to the committee the propriety of making
a proper bill at this time, and sending it to the
Senate.
Mr. PURVIANCE. Mr. Chairman, the Com-
mittee on Territories, m reporting this bill for an
appropriation of$300,000, should,perhaps, inform
the House of the character of the proposed road.
I will therefore say, in the first place, that the
road is about fourteen hundred miles in length.
It is the main road over which the chief emigra-
tion from the Eastto the West now passes. From
the examination that has been made of the route,
it is believed to be the best route from east to
west. It is a route on which it is said there will
be no deep cutting, no tunneling; and that on no
part of it will the grading exceed fifteen or sixteen
feet to the mile. It avoids all the deserts. By
locating this wagon road on any other route, you
pass deserts sixty and seventy miles in extent,
on which you will have to sirfk wells, at very
great expense to the Government. By adopting
this route, which is the shortest, you pass through
a portion of the country which is fertile and well
timbered. The latter consideration is important,
for timber is a great necessity in the construction
of the road, because the streams, which are deeply
cut, require heavy bridging. Therefore, the road
should pass through a well-timbered country.
The committee, after full deliberation, have
believed that §300,000 is not more than is neces-
sary for the purpose of making this a sound,
substantial wagon road to California. This road
enters the South Pass, and there connects with
other roads, the construction of which has been
authorized by the Government, to pass through
v - a portion of Oregon and a portion of Utah, and
there connect with roads diverging into the Ter-
ritory of Washington. It is ascertained by ac-
curate observation that the -distance from grass
to grass and water to water on this road docs not
exceed twenty or twenty-five miles, while on any
other route which may be adopted it is, in some
places, seventy and eighty miles. And it has
been ascertained that,on this road, about one hun-
dred and twenty-five miles west of Fort Laramie,
some excellent coal has been found; and it is
believed that the same article exists near Soda
Springs, near which this road passes; thus afford-
ing the emigrants who have to sufferprivationsfor
months in passing over a route like this, water,
fuel, and grass m case they should run out of
them. The committee, in consideration of all
these facts, believe the bill ought to pass. It is
the great thoroughfare over which eventually all
the trade between the Atlantic and Pacific sea-
board will pass.
Mr. HERBERT. Mr. Chairman, I cannot
remain silent when a proposition of so much
importance to the people whom I have in part the
honor to represent is pending. I hope, sir, that
the bill will pass. Up to the present time,almost
every prominent measure affecting the interest of
California has been defeated; and I fear that, from
the manner in which the House has seen fit to
dispose of a large majority of the appeals which
have been made in her behalf, she will eventually
come off but little better than did the individual
who applied to Mr. Jefferson, while President,
for a foreign mission, and was compelled to take
his departure with nothing save an old pair of his
breeches.
Sir, my colleague has asked for a railroad; he
hasalso asked an appropriation for a wagon-road;
and we have asked for many other important
measures to us; all of which have met with the
same defeat. And, sir, must this application
meet with the same unhappy fate; and that, too,
after a petition from the citizens of California,
containing over seventy thousand signatures, for
the speedy accomplishment of the very objects
set forth in this bill ? Sir, I hope not. A petition
of that magnitude, come from what'quarter it
may, signed by citizens, irrespective of all local
or party prejudices, must be sufficient evidence to
every candid and reflecting mind that they are in
earnest. By the passage of this bill, and the es-
tablishment of this road, you afford facilities to
the emigrants, which up to this time have been
cruelly and unjustty withheld by the Federal
Government.
The graves of wayworn travelers upon every
single mile upon the routes lying between thU
and the Pacific coast tell a talc of neglect, and
should be a sufficient argument, not only to make
the donation asked for, but to double, yea, treble
the amount if necessary. Give us the appropri-
ations asked for in the bill, so that the poor man
as well as the rich man can with his family visit
our shotes in safety, wheic the increase of the
value of his wagon and team alone will enable
him to purchase one hundred and sixty acres of
land, unequaled in fertility upon the globe. Sir,
it is this class which has built us up upon the
Pacific, and made us what we are. Go even now
among the working classes of our population, I
care not whether in the mines or the agricultural
regions; and upon interrogating them, you will
find, in a majority of cases, they reached the Pa-
cific by land. And in reflecting upon this ques-
tion I have sometimes thought that it would have
been better for California had nature formed im-
passable barriers to her approach except by land;
better for her that the isthmuses had never been
discovered; for then, sir, ere this the veiy wagon
road now under construction would have been
superseded by the iron horse. 1 shall not detain
the House longer, but hope the bill will pass; and
instead of expending hundreds of thousands for
the transpoitation of our mails and treasure
through foreign countries, that we will give the
preference to our own soil, which can be made the
safest and the best route, and is destined to be the
only route.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
Sec. 2. Jlndbc it farther enacted,That the sum of $300,000, -
or as much thereof as may ho neecs-aiy. ho. and the same
is hereby, appiopuut'jd out of any moncv m the Tzea-ury
nototherwj-e apprnpuated, lor tin* const! notion ofawayon
road tiorn EI Pa->o, on the Rio Grande, to Fort Yum.i, at
the mouth 01 the Gila nvej. to be expended U'm1c  the dilu-
tion of ihe Secietarj" of Wai pursuant to contract''to be
made by him.
Mr. Chairman, undoubtedly every argument
that has been addressed to the consideration of
this committee by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, applies with equal, if not increased force
to the amendment which 1 have the honor to sub-
mit. If a road be necessary, as a military or
wagon road, ui that high northern latitude, it is
obviously necessary on this route, where it opens
up a new country to the enterprise of our people;
and, moreover, furnishes the means of protecting
our frontier as well as that of our sister Republic.
This road will not only be built ultimately by the
wants and enterprise of the country, but it is now
in the process of rapid construction.
The committee are aware that on the line of
this route there is a railroad in the process of con-
struction. The Stdte of Texas, with a munifi-
cence that has never been surpassed, certainly by
no State in this Union, has already incorporated
a company for the construction of a road some
seven hundred and eighty-five miles in length;
and that company is endowed, if I may use the
expression, with sixteen'' sections ~of'land arid, a
loan of six thousand dollars per mile* It'rufcs
directly on line 320 from the western bolder of
'Arkansas, through the territory of Texas, 'to El
Paso. There is no winter to obstruct its u§e, nor
is there -any want of water. The proposition
which I have had the honor to submit proposes to
lay open the Mesilla Valley and the Gadsden pur*
chase to the enterprise of our people. I have no
doubt that this committee will agree to the amend-
ment I have offered, and permit both the northern
and southern routes to the State of California to
be completed.
I modify my amendment, so as to strike out
" Secretary of War," and insert " Secretary of
the Interior."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is this an amend-
ment to the original bill or to the substitute ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. To the substitute.
Mr. GROW. I accept the amendment of the
gentleman from Virginia to be put on in addition
to the substitute which I have offered; and move
that the committee do now rise, so that we may
go into the House and close debate on this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. H. Marshall
having taken the chair as Speaker pre tempore,
Mr. Stanton reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration territorial business, and had di-
rected him to report back sundry bills, some with
and some without amendments.
TERRITORIAL BILLS PASSED-
Mr. GROW. There are two bills to which
there was no objection in the committee. I ask
that they be passed now.
There being no objection, the following bills
were taken up and disposed of:
A bill (II. 11. No. G19) making appropriations
for completing the capitol building in the Terri-
tory of New Mexico.
Mr. GROW moved the previous question.
Tiie previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. GROW moved the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was passed.
Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the-vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
A bill (H. R. No. 641) for the construction of
a road in the Territory of Nebraska.
Mr. GROW moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being cngiossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time,
Mr. GROW moved the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question being, " Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. GROW called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Underwood
and Kennett were appointed.
The House divided: and the tellers reported-
ayes 92, noes 28.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which-Iat-
ter motion was agreed to.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House
do now [eight minutes after three o'clock, p. m.]
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. GROW. I move that the debate on the bill
(No. 710) to construct a w&gori road to California
be closed m five minutes after the committee shall
have resumed its consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GROW. I now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of'the Whole on the state of the
Union; and on that motion 1 ask "for tellers.
