1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
bill contains quite a number of pages. I have
examined it. It contains provisions to which I
cannot give my sanction; nor do I believe it wise
or proper that this Government should sanction
them. It must necessarily give rise to debate. I
think we had better rise and report the bill we
have just acted on. I move that the committee
riae.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Stanton reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly a
bill (H. R. No. 710) for the construction of a
wagon road from the South Pass of the Rocky
Mountains, in Nebraska Territory, via Great Salt
Lake Valley, to Honey Lake Valley, on the east-
cm portion of the State of California, and had
directed him to report the same back with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute.
Mr. GROW demanded the previous question
on the bill and amendment.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. PHELPS demanded tellers on the adop-
tion of the substitute.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craige and
Walbripge were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 82, noes 36.
So the substitute was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed, and read the third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. GROW moved the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put;
And then, on motion of Mr. GROW (atlftur
o'clock) the House adjourned till Monday.
IN SENATE.-
Saturday, February 7,1857.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. StephenP. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
'of the ^enate, a statement of the cases in which
suits have been instituted by the United States
against the sureties of William McGlueen, for-
merly deputy postmaster at New Orleans; which
was, on motion of Mr. Clay, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Postmaster General, communicating, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate, information
respecting the enlargement of the building now
being erected at Buffalo, New York, for the ac-
commodation of the custom-house, post office,
and United States courts; which was, on motion
of Mr. Seward, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, made in compliance with law,
transmitting a statement of expenditures from the
appropriations for contingencies of that Depart-
ment, its offices and bureaus, during the fiscal
year ending 30th June, 1856; which was, on mo-
tion of Mr. Weller, ordered to lie on the table
and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of a com-
mittee of the Boston Board of Trade, praying for
an appropriation for completing the exploration
of the La Plata river and its tributaries; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WAPE presented a petition of Nancy
Madison and others, widdws of revolutionary
officers and soldiers, praying to be allowed arrears
of pension, under the second section of the act
of March 3,1853; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. SEWARD presented three petitions of
merchants and others, residing in Philadelphia,
praying for the adoption of measures for increas-
ing the trade between the United States and
Africa; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. BIGLER presented nineteen petitions of
merchants mid others, residing in Philadelphia,
praying for the adoption of measures for increas-
ing the trade between the United States and
Africa; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of
Fabius Stanly, a lictuenant in the Navy, pray-
ing to be allowed the pay of a commander, for the
time he acted as such at the navy-yard in San
Francisco; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Arkansas in favor of the establish-
ment of a mail route from Perryviile to Cedar
Creek, in the State of Arkansas, and iif favor of
additional mail facilities between Little Rock arid
Washington, in said State; which were referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the memorial
of William B. Draper, praying additional com-
pensation for his services m managing the mag-
netic telegraphing department of the Japan ex-
pedition under Commodore Perry; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr, TOOMBS. I beg leave to present the me-
morial of J. T. Barclay upon our coinage sys-
tem. The memorialist says that he has discovered
a mode of preventing the natural abrasion and
fraudulent abstraction of our currency. I have
looked pretty fully into the memorialist's proposi-
tions, and I think they are entitled to great con-
sideration. It beingaqucstion of much impoitance !
to the country,I beg leave to move to referit, with
the accompanying papers, to the Committee on
Finance.
Tile motion was agreed to.
GRANT OF LAND TO MINNESOTA.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have a petition from James
Shields and other citizens of Minnesota Tei-
ritory, praying for a grant of land. This petition
pivsents a very peculiar state of things. These
citizens of Minnesota say, that, with a large pop-
ulation of one hundred and eighty or two hundred
thousand inhabitants, they have been unable to
get any land grants for railroad purposes and
improvements in their own Territory, (though
such grants have been made to all the adjoining
States,) for the reason that certain persons outside
of theTerntory, who would be affected in the
improvements they have made, by grants to the
Territory, have continually attempted, some-
times by fraudulent means, and sometimes by
raising cri"S of fraud, to control the impiove-
ments of the Tenitory of Minnesota.
1 have £iven very careful attention to the peti-
tion, and I think it well worthy of the consider-
ation of Congress. It seems that the interests of j
one hundred and eighty thousand ortwo hundred i
thousand inhabitants of Minnesota have been j
made the sport of speculation, and even of fraud, j
outside of the Territory. The petitioners now !
beg that the just rights of these one hundred and '
eighty thousand people may be respected and <
inquired into, and a grant of land for improve- j
mentgiven to the Legislature, subject to its own ;
future disposition, in that mode they would be :
relieved entirely from all frauds to eairy or de-
feat measures. It is simply a question whether
the action of certain persons who have attempted
fraudulently, or by improper means, to control
the legislation of the country, in order to influ-
ence the improvements of Minnesota inside, or
compel her improvements to conform to grants
given to the States outside, shall be effective to
prevent giving the Territory of Minnesota the
snmc advantages which have been granted to-the
adjoining communities. In my o\v n judgment,
the petition is a reasonable one, and it ought to
be the business of Congress to defeat those who
have attempted to influence them for this im-
proper purpose, and do justice by these one hun-
dred and eighty thousand citizens, as well as the
adjoining States and Territories of the United
States. I move to refer the petition to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands; and I will accompany it
with a bill, which I hope will be referred to the
same committee.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Public. Lands.
Mr. TOOMBS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
576) making a 'graiit' bf: land ~t<y thVT^mtory of
Minnesota, to aid in tbefcoostruetion of certain
railroads in said Territory; which was-read twice
by its title, and referred to. the: Cemouttde en,
Public Lands. • • r .
PAPERS WITHDRAWN*
On motion of Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey,
11 it was
Ordered, That the mcraoiial of William A. Ducrj&dnrin*
l^tiutnr of William Duer, on the files of the Senate, be
icl'cnod to the Couit of Claims.  
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES*
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No? 657) for the relief of John Shaw,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 782) to increase the pay of officers of the
Army, reported it with amendments, and gave
notice that he should ask for its consideration at
an early day next week.
I-Ie also, from the same committee, reported a
bill (S. No. 572) to promote the efficiency of the
Army by retiring disabled officers; winch was
read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to'whom
was icferred the memorial of BenjamurAJy'ord;
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
573) for the relief of Major Benjamin ;A1vord,
United States Army. The bill was read, and
passed to a second rending; and the rcpo'rt was
ordered to be printed.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Dempsey Pittmnn,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
574) explanatoiy of an act entitled "An act for
the relief of Dempsey Pittman," approved August
16, IfJoG. The bill was read, and. passed to a
second reading: and the repor* was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BRODITKAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred a bill reported to
the Senate from the Court of Claims, the 2d of
February, for the relief ofNahum Ward, reported
it without amendment, and .submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to whom was recommitted the bill (S.
No. 176) to establish a separate judicial district
south of the Gila, and to create the office of sur-
veyor general therein; to provide for the adjudi-
cation of certain land claims; to grant donations
to actual settlers; to survey certain lands, and for
other purposes, reported it with an amendment;
which was ordered to be printed.
j On motion of Mr. PUGH, it was
| 0>dcrtThat thy Committee on the. Judiciary be dis-
j charged (join tin* lurther confederation oi the petition of
! member-? ot the bar of Wjm <nwn,iHHl tlx* petition of James
i flarnoon, eknk ot the (h-ti.et vow I of the United States for
| the district of Mit-s-oun.
Mr. PUGH. The Committee on the Judiciary,
i to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 352) chang-
! ing the time of holding the July term of t6e
i district court of the United States for the State
• of Wisconsin, having reported on this subject
j through the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.GEY&R,]
; atk to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the bill, and move that it be indefinitely
postponed.
| PORT OF DELIVERY ATSELMA.
I Mr. CLAY. I am instructed by the Commit-
i tee on Commerce, to whom was referred the bill
I (S. No. 556) to constitute Seima, in the'fijfcjte of
; Alabama, a port of delivery, to report it back,
j and Tecommeiid its passage; and, as itisa matter
j of great interest there, and will be of still greater
' interest in the course of a few weeks, I hope the
j Senate will pass the bill at'oncc. It is recom-
! mended by the Secretary of the Treasury.
! There being no objection, the Senate, as in
' Committee of the Whole, proceeded to.consider
| the bill,which constitutes Selma a port of delivery
! within the collection district of New Orleans, and
;! provides for the appointment of a surveyor of
!' customs.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engross?d for a third
reading, read the third.time, and passed.
