614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cdllom, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 594) providing an increase of pen-
sion to Isaac Phillips;
A bill (No. 597) for the relief of Elizabeth
Martin;
A bill (No. 593) for the relief of Amos Oney,
a revolutionary soldier;
•A bill (No. 603) for the relief of the children
and heirs of Levi and Mary Stone;
A bill (No. 605) for the relief of Leonard Lilly;
A bill (C. C. No. 17) for the relief of Joseph
D. Beers, of the city of New Yogk;
A bill (No. 538) for the relief of the inhabit-
ants of the parish of Ascension, State of Louis-
iana;
A bill (No. 629) increasing the pension of
Daniel Denver;
A bill (No. 630) for the relief of Benjamin W.
Smithson;
A bill (C. C. No. 15) for the relief of Thomas
M. Newell;
A bill (C. C. No. 23) for the relief of Isaac
Swain;
A bill (No. 646) for the relief of Thomas
Jenkins;
A bill (No. 652) for the relief of Joseph M.
Kennedy;
A bill (No. 655) for the relief of the heirs of
"William Easby;
A bill (No. 656) for the relief of Joseph Irish,
"William Sturgis,and Bartholomew Baldwin; and
A bill (No. 613) to establish three additional
land districts in the Territory of Kansas.
POST ROUTES IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN offered the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Committee oil the Post Office and
Post ltoads be instiucted to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Perryville to Cedar Creel:, in
Scott county, by way of Thomas Holmes's Mills, Tyler'.*,
Crawford's, on South Fourcli le Fevre '.'reck, to BlutTton,
and report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be nibtiueted to inquire into the expediency of
providing foi the transportation of ihe mails irum I.itlle
Knelt to Washington, in Arkansas, and Clarksville, 'IY\-as,
in four-horse post coaches, and repoit by bill or othciwise.
TREASURY EXTENSION.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Secretary of the Trea-urv be directed
to mform-lhe Senate vvhcthei. 111 his opinion, any linpiore-
ments can be inadc in the plan adopted for the extension of
tlie Treasury department.
DUTIES ON RAILROAD IRON.
Mr. RUSK submitted the following resolution;
■which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of th<- Treasury report to
the Senate a statement of the duties remitted on raihoad
iron, designating the time of remission, and on what roads ;
also, the duties refunded, with the like designation.
MAIL CONTRACT.
Mr. HOUSTON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on tlie Po^t Office and
Fost Roads be instructed to inquire into the reasons, if any,,
why the contiaetwas not let on the m.ul loute fioni the
mouth of Red river, Louisiana, to Iiuntsville, Texas, and
report the same.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. PUGH asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 570) to
remove obstructions to the navigation of the
Maumee bay and river, below the city of Toledo,
in the State of Ohio; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MALLORY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No.
577) authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to
ascertain and pay the balance due on a tract uf
land heretofore ceded for the purpose" of a marine
hospital for the district of Boston and Chuiles-
town, to the credit of the naval hospital fund;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PUIG, MIR AND COMPANY.
Mr. BENJAMIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
571) for the relief of Puig^Mir & Co., of New
Orleans; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the consent of the
Senate for the passage of this bill now. It has
already passed the Senate at a previous session,
but failed in the House of Representatives for the
want of time. It is, in a word, to relieve a party
against the mistake of a collector. The bill is rec-
ommended by the Treasury Department. These
merchants imported two cargoes of coffee into the
city of New Orleans. Finding the coffee market
dull, they determined to reexport it if any duty
was to be paid on it; and they made application to
the collector whether the coffee could be received
free of duty or not. They were told the coffee
would be received free of duty, and a free permit
was granted for landing it The coffee was sold
by them, and the proceeds of the sale returned to
tlieir correspondents abroad. After that had been
done, the collector found that he had made a mis-
take, and immediately sued for the duties. -The
Secretary of the Treasury was anxious to give
relief, but said it would require an act "of Con-
gress for this purpose, and he recommended the
passage of this bill. It has already passed the
Senate once.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it proposed to take action
on this bill now?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir. It has already
received the action of the Senate on a report of
the Committee on Commerce at the last Congress,
but failed in the House of Representatives for
want of time.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill, which authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to release a judgment rendered in the circuit
court of the United States in the fifth circuit, and
in tlie eastern district of Louisiana, on the 13th
of February, 1854, in the case of the United States
vs. Puig, Mir & Co., of New Orleans, for the
sum of $1,110 34 and interest; and another judg-
ment for the stai of $3,761 12 and interest, being
the amount of import duties claimed to be due
and payable to the United States on two cargoes
of coffee imported into the poit of New Orleans
from Cuba in Spanish brigs.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the thiid time, and passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 594) providing an increase of pen-
! sion to Isaac Phillips—to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
A bill (No. 597) for the relief of Elizabeth
Martin—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 598) for the relief of Amos Oney,
a revolutionary soldier—to the Committee on
Pensions.
A bill (No. 603) for the relief of the children
and heirs of Levi and Mary Stone—to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 605) for the relief of Leonard Lilly
•—to the Committee on Pensions.
( A bill (No. 538) for the relief of the inhabitants
j of the parish of Ascension, State of Louisiana—
n to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
A bill (No. 630) for the relief of Benjamin W.
Snuthson—to the Committee on Military Affairs.
A bill (C. C. No. 35) for the relief of Thomas
| M. Newell—to the Committee on Claims,
i A bill (C. C. No. 23) for the relief of Isaac
1 Swain—to the Committee on Claims.
; A bill (No. 646) for the relief of Thomas Jen-
! kins—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
! A bill (No. 652) for the relief of Joseph M.
1 Kennedy—to the Committee on Claims.
■ A bill (No. 655) for the relief of the heirs of
j William Easby—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 656) for the relief of Joseph Irish,
i William Sturgb, and Bartholomew Baldwin—
i to the Committee on Private Land Claims,
j A bill (No. 629) increasing the pension of Dan-
i iel Denver-to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 6-13) to establish three additional
land districts in the Territory of Kansas—to the
Committee on Public Lands.
ENROLLED BIUS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills;
which thereupon received the signature of the
President pro tempore:
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Edmund H. McCabe, assignee of Antoine
Soulard;
An act to extend the time for selling the lands
granted to the Kpntucky asylum for teaching the
deaf and dumb, for a further time of five years;
An act for the relief of Mary Reeside; and
An act for the relief of John Mitchell, of the
District of Columbia.
JOSEPH D. BEERS.
The bill (H. R. C. C. No. 17) for the relief of
Joseph D. Beers, of the city of New York, was
read twice by its title.
Mr. BRODHEAD. This is abill of the Court
of Claims, which passed the Senate some time
ago. The House of Representatives, instead of
passing on the Senate bill, passed its own bill,
as the court icports to both Houses. As the bill
has already passed the Senate, and has the unan-
imous sanction of the Court of Claims and of the
House of Representatives, I hope it will be put
on its passage at once.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill, which directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Joseph D. Beers $3,396 66, with inter-
est from the 9th of August, 1850, until paid in
full, for interest and damages on abill of exchange
drawn by Thomas B. Nally,apurserin the Navy
of the United States, on William Ballard Preston,
late Secretary of the Navy, for $20,000, payable
to the order of Thomas Ap Catesby Jones, com-
inander-in-chief of the Pacific squadron, three
days after sight, dated January 21, 1850, and in-
dorsed by Thomas Ap C. Jones to Moffat &
Company, or order, and by them to the order of
Joseph D. Beers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
NAVAL DESERTIONS, ETC.
Mr. HOUSTON. With a view to dispose of
the resolution introduced some time since, calling
| for information in relation to some naval matters,
! I move to take it up this morning. I have no
i remarks to make on it myself, but I want the
I vote of the Senate upon it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution submitted by
Mr. Houston on the 14th of January.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By an amend-
: ment previously adopted, all has been stricken
j from the resolution except the first clause^ A
! motion was submitted by the Senator fromNorth
! Carolina [Mr. Biggs] to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was thus amended, and the
question is on the reconsideration.
Mr. MALLORY. I regret that the matter has
come up this morning, for I have something to
say on the question, and I am not much in a
condition to say it, particularly as the subject is
one of great novelty, very recondite, exceedingly
new, and interesting to the Senate, undoubtedly—
the conduct of the late naval board—something
that has not been discussed at all, and which very
few of us understand! The pending motion is
to reconsider the vote by which my amendment
was adopted, striking out all cxcept the first par-
agraph of the resolution. 1 think I can show
satisfactorilv to the Senate that that amendment
should be retained. I will say, as the Senator
|i from Texas addressed me as chairman of the
j; Naval Committee, that in any remafks I make I
ji do not speak as e.hairnian of that committee, or
II for any other partv or person than myself.
j! Mr COLLAMfiR I desire that the proposed
!i amendment be read, so that we may understand
| what it is, if the Senator will conscut to let us
hear it.
Mr. MALLOUY. Certainly.
The Secretary read the ongmal resolution, as
; follows:
I Revived, That the President be requested to inform the
