J&57.
THE comMEmomh globe.
-m*
Senate of the number of deserters from ,the Navy since
the 28th of February, 1855, and pajjictilarlyof the deserters
from the crew of the steam-frigate Merrimac whilst com-
manded by Captain G J. Pendergrast. together with any
report or reports made to the Navy Department by said
Captain Pendcrgrast, of the causes of said desertions. Also,
of the causes of the return from the Pacific squadron of the
captain ami commander of the frigate Independence, and
more recently the commander of the sloop of-war Decatur;
together with the copies of all reports made by the com-
mander of the Pacific squadron,or any other officer, in rela-
tion to either the said captain orcoinmanders; and whether
any, and what, action was taken by the President, or Sec-
retary of the Navy, in relation to Commander Gansevoort,
of the sloop Decatur. Also, whether any other officer of
the Pacific squadron has been reported to the Navy Depart-
ment for dereliction or unofficer-hke conduct, and if so,
to furnish copies of (he reports, together with a statement
"of the course pursued by the Department toward such
derelict officer. And also whether, since the return of the
captain from the frigate Independence, in the Pacific ocean,
an officer of inferior grade or rank has been sent to com-
mand that ship; and if of inferior grade, whether such
course was in consequence of any, and what, difficulty in
finding a captain to order to command said frigate Inde-
pendence. And also, any report or reports from Captain
Mercer, of the Brazil squadron, in relation to the officers
of the brig Cambridge, while serving on the Brazil station;
.and
Resolved further, That the Secretary of the Navy be
requested to furnish the Senate with copies of any report
or reports from the commandcr of the East India squadron
in relation to the resignation of any commissioned officers
recently serving therein.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment was to strike out all of the resolution
after the first paragraph. That amendment was
adopted. The question is on reconsidering the
vote by which it was adopted.
Mr. ALLEN. I move to lay the motion for
reconsideration on the table.
Mr. BIGGS. Will not the effect of that be to
lay the whole subject on the table ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir.
Mr. RUSK. The motion, I believe , is not
debatable. According to the rule, it will lay the
whole subject on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The effoct of
the motion, if adopted, will be to lay the whole
subject on the table.
Mr. HOUSTON callcd for the yeas and nays
on the motion, and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 22: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Brodhead, Butler,
Cass, Clay, Collamer, Dodge, Evans, Fessenden, Fish,
Foster, Geyer, Green, Hunter, James, Johnson, Mallory,
Mason, Pcarcc, Rcid, Sovvard, Stuart, Thomson of New
Jersey, and Yulee—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Beil of Tennessee, Biggs, Bigler,
Brown, Crittenden, Durkee, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Harlan,
Houston, Fverson, Jones of Tennessee, Nourse, Pugh,
Busk, Sebastian, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, Weller, and
Wilson—23.
So the motion was agreed to.
SWAMP LAND GRANTS.
On motion of Mr. STUART, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill (S. No. 44G) to provide for the selection
of the lands granted by the act of Congress, ap-
proved September 28, 1850, entitled " An act to
enable the State of Arkansas and other States to
reclaim the swamp lands within their limits, and
for other-purposes;" and its further considera-
tion was postponed to, and made the special order
for, Thursday next, at otie o'clock.
GUSTAVUS B. HORNER.
Mr. HUNTER. There is a private bill which
was considered and postponed to a day certain,
and thereby lost its priority. I wish to ask the
general consent of the Senate to take it up now,
before the expiration of the morning hour. It
is the bill for the relief of the representatives of
Gustavus B. Horner, reported by the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Evans.1
Mr. PEARCE. Is that bill likely to create
debate?
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot say whether it will
be debated or not. It is a biH'reported by the
Senator from South Carolina, and I should be
very glad if the Senate would act on it. I can-
not say that it will not give rise to debate.
Mr. PEAR-CE. If that be the case I hope
the Senate will not take it up. The unfinished
business of yesterday is a bill which has been
postponed for nearly two years. I have been
here repeatedly during the last session, and this
almost every Friday, expecting to get it up. 1
hope the Senate will proceed to the consideration
of the unfinished business.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Virginia to
take up the bill (H. R. No. 343) for the relief of
the representatives of Gustavus B Horner.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no objection to that;
but I shall call for the special order at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill, which had been reported from the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, with an
amendment to strike out all after the enacting
clause, and insert:
That the proper accounting officers of the Treasury be,
and they are hereby, required to settle the accounts of
Gustavus B. Horner, deceased, as a surgeon's mate of the
general hospital of the ariny of the United States during
the revolutionary war, and to allow his legal represent-
' atjves compensation equal to five years* full pay of a cap-
tain of infantry in the service of the United St«es on the
Continental establishment, without interest, which five
years' full pay is the commutation for his half pay for life,
to be paid to the legal representatives of Gustavus 15. I!or
ner out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated ; and which payment, wiien made, shall be in full
of all demands against the United States for the services of
said Gustavus 11. Horner.
Mr. STUART. I presume it must be obvious
that that bill cannot pass here to-day, or any
other day, without a very large amount of debate.
It is one of the cases which was embraced in the
general bill that was rejected by the Senate some
time ago, and one of the most objectionable cases
embraced in it. It is one of those cases which
were not provided for by the resolution of the
Continental Congress — surgeons' mates. Con-
gress passed upon the whole subject, and the
sentiment of the Senate seemed to be very strong
against this class of cases. The great argument
was in favor of that class which fell within the
resolution of the Continental Congress.
Mr, HUNTER. This is not a case of half
pay for life, but of commutation.
Mr. STUART. I understand it; but it is pre-
cisely on the same principle. The final resolution
of Congress gave this amount of pay. This bill
seeks to bring surgeons' mates within that class
of officers provided for by the resolutions, they
not having been provided for in fact. It is obvi-
ous that the bill cannot pass here without a great
deal of discussion; and it seems to me, I confess,
to be decidedly wrong to reject a class of cases,
and then to pass informally, without much exam-
ination, particular cases of the class that happen,
in some way or other, to get precedence. If the
Senator from Virginia is willing that this bill
should be postponed, and come up in its regular
order on the Private Calendar, 1 glial! be content;
and for that purpose I move that the bill be post-
poned until to-morrow, which will give it its
place on the Private Calendar.
Mr. WELLER. To-morrow will be Sunday.
Mr. STUART. Mine is .the proper motion to
let the bill go on the Calendar.
Mr. HUNTER. The bill has already passed the
Senate two or three times. It passed the House
of Representatives on this occasion as a bill for
half pay for life. Since the decision of the Senate
on that subject, the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims have altered it to the simple allowance of
commutation. I never heard that the Senate de-
cided against commutation. It is true the question
arises whether surgeons' mates are included in the
general provision for surgeons—that is all.
Mr. EVANS. I have nothing to say on the
subject of postponement. I desire the Senator
from Michigan to look a little into this matter
before he pronounces such a judgment upon it.
It is not a case unprovided for by the resolutions
of Congress. It is a case that has been taken out
of the general resolution by a subsequent resolu-
tion , although the larger portion of this class were
paid before that resolution was adopted. Your
statute-book is full of private acts passed for the
relief of exactly such cases as this. This case
was presented m 1830. It was reported on by
Mr. Leigh, then a Senator from Virginia, and
passed the Senate in 1853. It was subsequently
passed by the House of Representatives. There
have been three reports on it in the Senate,-and
three bills passed to allow this identical claim.
This bill came from the House of Representatives,
and I thought it better to alter it to suit what had
been done heretofore. Ifthegentleman will look,
he will find that there are a dozen statutes in the
private acts providing for surgeons' mates, re-
garding them ns coming within the general de-
scription of "officers of ti\e army."
The motion lo postpone the bill was agreed to.
BRI0MT* OF BUSINESS.
Mr, PEARCE. I. call for the order of the
day.
K Mr. ADAMS. I move to postpone all prior
orders with the view of taking tip the Private
Calendar. .
The PRESIDENT pro iempvre. The first MI
in order will be the bill on the Private Calendar
for the relief of Obed Hussey, as the unfinished
business.
Mr. ADAMS. My object was to cover all the
cases on the Private Calendar that we could dis-
pose of to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first bill
on the special orders is the bill to compensate
agents for paying pensions, and prescribing, the
time and manner of settling their accounts; but
as unfinished business, the private bill indicated
will come up first.
Mr. PEARCE. I hope we shall take up the
unfinished business, and then if the Senator from
Mississippi wishes to take up the Private' Calen-
dar generally, he can submit a motion to do so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill (S.
No. 305) for the relief of Obed Hussey is the un-
finished business of yesterday, and is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
if the private bills have precedence to-day?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfinished
business which has precedence as a special order,
is a bill upon the Private Calendar for the relief
of Obed Hussey. It comes up as the unfinished
business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When that bill be dis-
posed of, will the next business be private bills ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. We are going on as if it were
Monday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I inquire whether
the oldest special order among the general busi-
ness will not come up to-day?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state to the Senator that the first special
order is the bill (S. No. 146) making provision
to compensate agents for paying pensions; but a
special order, as the unfinished business at the
last adjournifftent, the bill for the relief of Obed
Hussey, takes precedence of all standing special
orders.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the standing special
order come up next?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir, un-
less it be postponed by a vote of the"Senate.
OBED HUSSEY.
The Senate, as iij Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 304)
for the relief of Obed Hussey. When the bill
was under consideration at the last session, Mr.
Pearce moved to amend it by striking out all
after the enacting clause, and inserting the follow-
ing substitute:
That the Commissioner of Patents ho, and he 16 hereby,
authorized and required to receive the application of Obed •
Ilussey, a citizen of the United States, tor a renewal of his
letters patent for new and useful improvements in the ma-
chine for cutting all kindsof small grain, dated the 31st day
of December, 1833. And the said Commissioner of Patents
is hereby authorized, directed, and required, upon such
application being made to him, ns aforesaid, if made within
three months from the passage of this act, to cause public
notice to be given of the time and place of hearing and con-
sidering the &ame, anu to grant or refuse a renewal and
extension of said letters patent lor the term of seven years
from the date of .such extension m the &ame manner and
upon the same principles as they might have been extended
for the term of seven years on said former application;
Provided, however, That all persons now enjoying the law-
ful use of any machines or improvements protected by the
said letters patent of the said Obed Hussey, and the pur-
chasers of any such machines and improvements so in use,
or lawfully constructed, when said Commissioners^! re-
new said letters patent, as aforesaid, may conunae!^ use
the same, notwithstanding the provisions of this act;
provided, also, That if, upon such renewal and extension ;
of said patent, as aforesaid, it shall be found to he too broad '*
in its claims, the same may, to that extent, be amended by
entering a disclaimer m the usual form at the Patent Office,
on payment of the usual fees therefor.
An amendment was offered to the amendment
by Mr. Brown, to insert "Cyrus H. McCornaiok" •
after the name of Obed Hussey, and to make all
other necessary alterations, so that the bill shall,
provide for both McCormiek's and Hussey's
patents.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
PIERCE. This question has been pend-
