1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the interest of my constituents. I do not know
Mr. Hussey; I do not know that I ever saw him.
I desire to ask the Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Stuart] one question. When this bill was
♦brought up last evening by the Senator from
Maryland, the Senator from Michigan rose in
place and said that he understood it was being
arranged out of doors. I should like to know
what sort of an arrangement he alluded to. If
it is to be arranged out of doors, we have nothing
to do with it in the Senate. I have heard of some
of these arrangements out of doors, and against
them I would warn the Senate. If the honorable
Senator knows of out-door arrangements, I think
it is due to the Senate that he should give his in-
formation, in order that we may act understand-
irfgly on the question. I have heard these rumors;
I do not know whether they are true or not; but
if I am correctly informed, it is such an outside
arrangement as this: that all gentlemen urgingan
extension of their patents for reapers are to amal-
gamate and agree among themselves as to a parti-
tion of the benefits, and the people are to be made
to pay for it. If that is the outside arrange-
ment, I am against it as much as the inside ar-
rangement. So far as my constituents are con-
cerned, I do not care whether Hussey g&s it, or
McCormick gets it, or whether they divide it
among four or five. The effect on my constitu-
ents and yours, sir, is precisely the same in either
case.
The question for us to decide is, whether we
have given to these gentlemen a chance to obtain
a fair, just, and equitable remuneration for their
inventions and discoveries. If we have, the
extension ought not to be made to them, either
' individually or collectively. I would rather do it
individually than collectively, because these col-
lections of interests imply something wrong, to
my mind.
Mr. McCormick came here with strong claims;
and I remember very well it was said, and said
with some degree of truthfulness, I think, that
McCormick deserved more credit than any of
these inventors, for perfecting the best machine;
but I do not believe that either McCormick, or Hus-
sey, or Moore, or Hascall, or any of the other
gentlemen, deserve more than they have received;
because thirty, forty, or fifty years ago, there
were machines similar to them. Mr. McCormick,
being a man of inventive genius, a man of appli-
cation, and perhaps a man of means, has gone on
and made vast improvements on the machines
made in England, thirty, or forty, or fifty years
ago, and he has derived his benefit. Mr. Hussey
has made his machine, and made his improve-
ments on it; and Mr. Hussey has to-day a patent
which, will not expire until 1861. For a portion
of his machine he has a patent which will expire
in 1861; it was patented in 1847. He is entitled
to his fees on that portion until 1861; but the
proposition is to renew his patent upon the whole
machine, thereby excluding everybody from any
participation in the improvements made before
which are embraced m Mr. Hussey's patent.
"Would that be just? Would it be fair to the
country? Would it be fair to the agricultural
interest, and to the grain-growers of the country ?
What would it amount to ? I have before me a
statement made in the debates of the last session
of Congress, that twenty thousand of all the pat-
ented reaping machines were built last year. I
understand, from the best information I can get
now, that this year fifty thousand will be made.
If you grant to either of these gentlemen, or to
all of them, an extension of patent, do they not
become the monopolizers of the whole of this
interest? Suppose there are fifty thousand ma-
chines made, and-they charge a tax fee of ten,
twenty, or thirty dollars on each—put it at thirty
dollars: and you have the vastamount of$l,500,000
paid per annum; and that $1,500,000 levied on
the working interests of the country, and placed
in the pockets of one man. The idea to me, Mr.
President, is monstrous.
I am not going to debate Mr. McCormick's
case. It is said he is a millionaire. I do not
care whether he is worth a dollar or not. If he is
nota millionaire, he ought to be, for he has had
a fair chance to make himself one. If Mr. Hus-
sey is still poor, it is his own misfortune and his
fault, for he might have been rich; and unless
he was extravagant, wild, and visionary, he must
have been rich. Now, let him speak for himself.
You will remember that Mr. McCormick has
been struggling here about as long as Mr. Hussey
for the extension of his patent. Here is a very
large volume of testimony taken in the case of
McCormick. Mr. Hussey was summoned before
the Commissioner; and when he was sworn, his
testimony was this:
" And Obed Hussey, a witness produced on the part of
the defendants, having been first duly affirmed to tell the
truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, deposes
and says, m reply to interrogatories, as follows:
" 1. What is your age, residence, and occupation ?
" I am upwards of fifty years of age; my business is
building reaping machines, and my residence Baltimore.
"2. Have you invented or used any reaping machine?
and if so, how long since ?
" I invented and used a reaptng machine in 1833.
"3. Defendants produce and ofter in evidence a lith-
ographic drawing, marked 'Defendants' exhibit, No. 85,'
and the witness is requested to state what the same repre-
sents ?
" This represents a machine made by me about 1840 ; I
continued to make them; the last I made of this sort was,
I think,in 1853.
" 4. Please examine ' Defendants' exhibit No. 86,' and
state what the same represents.
" It represents part of the end of the platform of my
reaper.
"5. IIow many machines have you made with the end of
the platform like exhibit No. 86?
" Several thousand, I presume."
Mark you, this is his own sworn testimony,
that he made " several thousand" machines. He
was cross-examined by Mr. Dickerson, one of
the counsel:
"29 X. Do you mean by all this to say that you suppose
the machine commonly called the Hussey machine is a
superior reaping machine to that which is now known as
McCormick's ?
" I certainly do.
" 30 X. How many did you sell this year in this country ?
" I decline exposing my private aflairs.
- [Counsel foi complainant now requests the Commis-
sioner to instruct the witness that it is. his duty to answer
the question propounded to him.
"The Comnns.sionei, being called upon by counsel as
above, lnsiructb the witness that it is Ins duty to leply to
the question ]
" The witness, answering, says: I sold a very little short
of five hundred ; 1 do not think I sold five hundred ; 1 do
not recollect the number."
Remember, that was the number sold in that
one year.
" 31 X. How many last year?
" Between four and five hundred.
"32X. How many the year before?
" Something leb* than that number; the sales are increas-
ing every year; I have heretofore depended on otders j I
do not pursue the system of employing traveling agents as
other reaper builders do.
{k33X. About how many machines did you sell in 1853?
" I do not know; I was in England at that time, during
the whole season.
"34 X. Did you sell two hundred ?
"More than three hundred.
" 35 X. How many in 1852?
,k 1 believe about an equal number, perhaps more.
" 36 X. How many in 1851 ?
"I am unable to say; I believe not less than three hun-
dred m a year since 1850; that is my present belief."
There is Mr. Hussey's own statement on oath.
He says he would not put down his sales at less
than an average of three hundred machines per
annum from 1850. If you take three hundred as
the number, and allow him twenty dollars per
machine as the tux, you will find that he has
made a very handsome sum of money. But his
books show thathe has not realized money, says
the Senator from Maryland. That may be so.
The Senator says he is poor now. That may be
so. He may, for aught I know—I do not pre-
tend to say—exhaust his resources; he may con-
sume all his profits in other schemes, or other
improvements; I cannot tell.
The question recurs, are we called upon, under
any sense of justicokor equity to him, to give him
this additional extent of seven years, thereby
placing in his hands this vast amount of money,
which is to be drawn from the hard earnings of
the working-men of this country? If that is the
policy of legislation, I confess I have mistaken
the objects of your laws. But in addition, to
show that Mr. Hussey is doing a large business,
I read from one of his own advertisements, pub-
lished in the American Farmer:
"Those who are not captivated by glowing advertise-
ments, and certificates of doubtfu! propriety, and are satis-
fied with a good thing, will please send their orders imme-
diately, as the present early orders indicate a large demand,
and none should be disappointed."
Then I am compelled to infer from his testi-
mony and advertisement, that he has been at least
doing a large and prosperous business; for all of
us who know anything about these machines and
their prices, know that they mtist be a:source of
great profit to the manufacturer. • - ' -
There is one point which I wish to address to
the justice of the Senate, not only with respect
to what is due to our common constituents who
are grain-growers, but what is due to other men
equally entitled to the favorable consideration of
the American Senate and the American people.
Mr. Hussey'spatentexpired in 1847. The patent
laws require that the Commissioner, on the ex-
pir^ion of a patent, shall make publication
announcing to the world its expiration, and tbs
rights and privileges of the whole people of tha
United States, with their capital, with their labor,
with their ingenuity, with any and all their re-
sources, to embark m the construction,manufac-
ture, and use of these articles. That proclama-
tion has been made, and my constituents and
yours, sir, have embarked in the manufacture of
these machines; and many hundreds of them have
been sold in my State and yours. Under a law
of Congress authorizing th?m to do so, their
capital is invested in the construction of these
machines. Where is the justice, where is the
fairness, where the naked, isolated honesty of
withdrawing from these persons the protection
which the law has already given;,them? Mr.
Hussey has had the benefit of his patent for four-
teen years. Now other persons, who were ex-
cluded from the benefits of his patent for fourteen
years without paying a tax fee, have invested
their capital on the faith of the law of Congress;
and it is proposed that these men shall not enjoy
the benefit, which is the common property of ail
the people of the United States.
My friend from Maryland says that Mr. Hus-
sey 's case has, in his judgment, far more merit than
that of Mr. McCormick. I do not doubt that he
is sincere in that opinion, and there may be some-
thing in it. 1 do not know, nor do 1 intend to
inquire, how that is; but he argues from ail iso-
lated fact to establish this position; and that is,
that Mr. Hussey applied to the Commissioner for
an extension of his patent, and Mr. Ellsworth,
the Commissioner, told him it was too early to
apply, and he had better postpone the application;
and under that advico from Mr. Ellsworth, the
Commissioner, he let the time escape and pass by
and losthisapplication. That is the worst point
in this whole case of Hussey's. If he made this
application to Mr. Ellsworth, as I admit ho did,
when did he make it> Mr. Ellsworth wentoutof
office in the spring of 1843. Mr. Hussey made
lus application two years and eight months before
the patent expired. The advice given him by
Mr. Ellsworth was' most reasonable and natural.
Mr. Ellsworth could not give him an extension
of the patent two years and a half before it ex-
pired, and therefore he said: " It is too early; I '
have to consider your profits; atid.in considering
them, as you have two years and eight months
to run, I cannot give an extension;" and then he
let it escape. I understand Unit Mr. Hussey lives
m Baltimoie, only forty miles—within two hours'
ride — of the seat of Government; and is it not
very strange that, with the patent laws in his
hand, with I presume a full knowledge of all
patent laws, being a patentee himself, he, after
this interview witii Mr. Ellsworth, did not know
when his patent would expire. Why did he not
come and make his application in time? That
he may have let it escape, 1 am willing to admit;
that he may have done it innocently, I am willing
to admit; but we ought not to be made tax-pay-
ers because of the negligence or indifference of
any man. If he has not received a fair remuner-
ation for his invention, it is no fault of ours; but
I submitagain to the Senate whether we shall tax
the whole grain-growing people of the United
States to make millionaires of Mr. Hussey or
Mr. McCormick ?
Mr. BROWN. I wish, sir, in half a dozen
words, to explain why I moved this amendment.
I have no idea at all of figh ting .thi's battle over
again. W hen these several caaes Vere before the
Committee on Patents, the margin of difference >
between them was so small that we determined to
report them all to the Senate, putting them all bn
the same footing. It was my understanding that
they were all to pass, as there was no substantial
difference in their applications, or else all were to
fall. McCormick's case came up, and it did not
receive the support which the committee that
brought in these bills had a right to expect. I was
