618
the commmmte*
February 7,
prepared to see Hussey's case take the same di-
rection, but very much to my surprise a portion
of the interest which acted in the destruction of
Mc.Cormick's case, was found to be very active in
sustaining Hussey's application; and inasmuch
as the committee that reported the bills could see
no difference, and determined that they should all
stand or fall together, when Hussey's application
was brought up immediately after the defeat of
McCormick's bill,! moved, according to the ori-
ginal purpose of the committee, McCormick'sup-
plication as an amendment to this bill, seeking at
the hands of the Senate a determination that both
should stand or fall together.
I undertake to say, that-no man can draw a
substantial line of distinction on principles of law
or principles of justice between these two appli-
cations; and yet Senators are found ready to vote
"to extend Hussey's patent, and not ready to vote
to extend McCormick patent. Why this making
fish of one and flesh of the other ? If it is unjust
to the public to extend McCormick's patent, it is
equally unjust to the public to extend Hussey's
patent.
I Understand the Senator from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] opposes the extension of both patents.
Very well; if that is to be our principle, let us
stand there and put them all down; but I am not
for voting special privileges to Mr. Hussey, and
denying the same privileges to any other citizen
of the Republic. Suppose McCormick, having
invented or perfected a better machine, has made
more money out of it; or suppose, having been
more skillful in its introduction to the public, he
has made more money out of it: the law takes
no cognizance of such things, and I trust the
sense of senatorial justice will take no account of
them. Citizens come here standing on an equal
•footing; and unless one can show that he has some
special claim to your favor, which the other does
not show, I trust tlicy will be allowed to stand
side by side on the same platform. McCormick's
application was defeated. I was prepared to see
Hussey's go in the same way; and if that be the
temper of the Senate, let it be so. All I contend
for m the introduction of this amendment is that
these two inventors shall stand 011 the same foot-
ing,and that no favoritism shall beexbibiled here.
I caie not particularly whether either of these
patents be icnewed; but I do care that we shall
act 011 some other principle than a principle of
favoritism to this man or that man.
Mr. PEARCE. I can very easily, I think,
point out the discrimination between the two cases.
The Senate will recollect that at the last session,
it was said that Mr. McCormick had lost the
renewal of his patent by reason of some technical
defects or errors in the proceedings. To that I
wish to speak, and in that 1 shall show the dis-
crimination between these two cases. Mr. Hus-
sey lost the renewal of his patent because, either
through a misdirection of the Commissioner of
Patents, or his own inadvertence or ignorance,
he did not apply within the time limited by the
Department. That is the unquestioned fact in his
case, but there is no such fact in the case of Mc-
Cormick. He made his application in due time.
He had two hearings. Upon the first hearing his
application was rejected, because of informality in
the testimony. 1 have the proceedingsall before
me. The Board met 011 the 33d of March, 1848,
to hear his application, and then there is this
entry:
funll€r faring be postponed until
tho~9ih of March, and that the said McConmck be directed
to lurmsh satisfactory testimony that the invention of bis
mai'liiue was prior to the invention of a similar machine bv
Obed Hussey, and be direcieiLto give due notice to said
Ziucsey ot the nine and place of taking testimony."
the testimony, then, according to the (I
direction of the board of examiners; and at the j
appointed time it was produced, and the case ||
heard. Here is the testimony, which I have he- 'i
fore me, one or two passages of which I shall read, i |
A witness beang produced, and having given testi-
mony as to the invention, this question was put on
cross-examination :
" Is the paper from winch you have answered the second
question m your own hdndwntmg.''
"dastoer. Xt is not. It is m the handwriting of Mr
McCormick.
u Question. Was this paper prepared and handed to you
by Mi McCormick to assist jour memory m describing this
machine?
"•Answer, t suppose it was, but ft did not have that
effect."
Again another witness:
" After you were asked the first question, and before .you
gave your answer, you called on Mr. McCormick for ap^per:
did you not expect your answers to be in accordance to the
contents of that paper?
'"Answer, i did, for I think my recollection served me
as well then as now.
il Question. Was this paper, to which you referred, pre-
pared by Mr. McCormick ?
"Amwer. It was prepared by him? in my presence, in this
room.
61 Question. When was this paper prepared ?
liJ3tvtwer. It was m the latter part of December, 1847,
or early in January, 1648."
That examination was on the 29th of March,
1848. The Senate will perceive very clearly the
difference between these two cases. Mr. McCor-
mick applied for an extension in due time. His
testimony was rejected for want of proper legal
form. He was allowed further time to perfect
the testimony. He attempted to perfect it, and
the testimony which he produced in that instance
appears to have been written for the witnesses by
the applicant, McCormick, himself. It was re-
jected by the board, on deliberate consideration,
after, this renewed opportunity of perfecting his
testimony, and must be understood to have been
rejected, not for want of any technical form of
precision, but because, on the testimony, he was
not entitled to a renewal. There is the difference,
and a very striking one. There is an equity in
the one case which does not exist in the other. I
do not know what testimony was produced as to
the profit McCormick had derived from his inven-
tion; but one thing is very certain, it is univer-
sally conceded that he has made a great deal of
money, and it is just as universally known that
Hussey has not made money.
The Senator from Tennessee read from the tes-
timony of Mr. Hussey in another case, and read
what was not necessary to his purpose. He read
an answer in which Mr. Hussey declined to tell
how many machines he made, on the ground that
he did not want to expose his private affairs.
The Senate, I hope, will recollect (for it was in-
troduced for no purpose material to this question
that 1 can conceive, though perhaps it may pre-
judice the mind of the Senate) that was a contest
between McCormick and Manney. There was
no contest about Hussey 's machine in that case.
It did not help the decision of the case between
McCormick and Manney, and had no relation to
that controversy, except so far as gossiping, to
inquire into every one's affairs, when a question
of patent extension might be considered to have
relation to it.
Neither is there any striking discrepancy be-
tween his answer at that time, though made with-
out an opportunity to examine his books and post
lnmselfup,andthestatementmadefrom his books
by Mr. Stabler. My statementonly went down to
1853. The answer read by the Senator from Ten-
nessee is that he made three hundred that year.
My statement was three hundred and fifteen; and
his answer in 1852 was " about the same," and
I show that he made two hundred and thirty-nine
in that year. A man may well be excused for
not carrying in his head the exact number of all
the machines he has made, when he has made
altogether about two thousand. But looking at
this statement, the correctness of which I think
cannot be questioned, you will find that after he
had the patent in his possession nine years, the
greatest number of machines he had made up to
that time,being in the ninth year, was only twelve,
and that he never made as many as fifty machines
m any one year until the last years of his patent,
and then he made fifty-six in one, and fifty-seven
in the next year.
Surely tins man cannot be considered as having
been compensated for this invention of his by the
profits from such a business as that. The whole
of the machines, at $100 apiece, which is the
selling price for plain machines, without extra
parts, there having been two hundred and ninety-
six during the continuance of his patent, wouid
amount to $29,600. Suppose his profits during
the whole term of fourteen years were ^30 for each
machine, presuming that he was paid by every
man, which was not the case, for he makes bad
debts like other people, he would have made
nearly 9,000, from which all his expenses of
living for fourteen years must be deducted. Thus
you will see that he did not actually make a cent
during the continuance of his patent, i myself
have known iiira struggling in poverty for a long
series of years. I witnessed the operation of hie
machine in this city the first year I was a mem-
ber of Congress, in 1836, and I know that in my
country, where the use of it began, and where it
grew more than anywhere else, for a long series#
of years, there were very few of them in opera-
tion until his patent had nearly run out. I know
that even now lie does not supply the demand as
many otjijers do, because he pursues the system
of making machines upon orders only. He does
not send agents around the country, as a great
many makers of reapers do, selling them for |50
in cash, the balance to be paid if the machines
shall work, with the guarantee that they will
work, which is never worth one button, because
if a farmer has paid $50 for a machine, and it
works two or three weeks, the inventor considers
that he has complied with his guarantee. If it
breaks down the very first harvest, and he pro-
poses to return it, he is laughed at—he is left to a
law-suit; and no man of .ordinary discretion would
think of going to law for a sum of $100, or less
money, with a rich patentee, or with a patentee
of such a machine, whether he be rich or not.
Mr. Hussey makes his maclfines only according
to order, and I think I have shown quite satis-
factorily that he has not accumulated a fortune,
or anything like an adequate remuneration—that
which the most stinted liberality would allow to
be an adequate remuneration for this invention.
Allusion was made by the Senator from Ten-
nessee and by the Senator from Michigan, yester-
day, to some arrangement between these parties.
I have heard of such a thing, but I am not in-
formed with such precision in regard to it as to
make any statement here. This much I under-
take to say: that Mr. Hussey has made noprop-
ositionforanyarrangement of any sortor descrip-
tion, by which any monopoly should be had and
the farmers oppressed. If any such proposition
has been made at all, it has not been by him.
None such has been accepted by him, and none
such will be accepted by him. The Senate may
recollect that I stated yesterday promptly, that
there was no likelihood of any such arrangement
being made, and therefore I wished the bill con-
sidered at once. I do not desire to prejudice any-
body by this statement, but simply to exonerate
Mr. Hussey from a suspicion which might other-
wise prevail that he was seeking a monopoly.
Mr. STUART. I did not suppose the Senator
from Tennessee wished me to make any reply to
that question; but if, as seems to be supposed by
the Senator from Maryland, there is anything in
it, I can only say that I heard incidentally there
was some arrangement going on between the men
interested in these patents; butl neverunderstood
that it was for the purpose of establishing a mo-
nopoly on the part of one individual, or on the
part of all of them together. What its precise
character is I do not know, but I neverunderstood
it had that object in view. I only made the sug-
gestion because 1 understood some such thing was
in contemplation; and the point was, whether it
was worth while to proceed with the consideration
of this case at present under such circumstances.
It was a mere matter of inquiry to the Senator
from Maryland.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make a
suggestion in reply to my friend from Maryland.
He states that Mr. Hussey, up to the expiration
of his patent, had made but few machines; and
therefore could not have grown rich out of the
few machines he made up to that time.- That
may be true, and I doubt not it is true; but again
I ask, is that the fault of the Senate, and are our
constituents throughout the grain-growing region
to bo made responsible for it?
The point to which I call the attention of my
friend from Maryland is this: Mr. Hussey, he
says, made no profit up to the extension of his
general patent up to 1847. All of us who have m-
j vestigated questions connected with patents know
j that when a man makes a discovery lie goes on
! to get a patent for it; and as he makes improve-
! ments on it, he enters his caveuta, and then addi-
! tional patents arc issued on these caveats. Hus-
! scy's general patent expired in 1847; but in that
i very year Mr. Hussey got out a new patent for
j a portion of his machine.
j Mr. PEARCE. I will state, with the gentle-
man's permission, what that patent was: One of
the parts of the machine was what is called the
slottiag-guard, through which the cutting-knives
