620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
this kind, to take up private bills on different
occasions, and special measures which were the
favonfps of certain Senators. The business of the
country ought to be attended to in preference to
the claims of private individuals. Wo have given
to private individuals one fourth or one fifth of our
time during the present session, and they will
heftre one or two more Fridays. I think we might
at least devote the remainder of our time to the pub-
he business of the country. There is a spccial
oider on the Calendar now nearly reached, ihich
interests the entire valley of the Mississippi,
with all its tributary streams. It has remained
the special order for some four weeks, but it has
been utterly impossible to get at it in consequence
of tne demands for the passage of private bills. I
hope we shall do the public business.
Mr. PRATT. My friend from Louisiana, I
think, is mistaken in supposing; that we have
devoted one fourth or one fifth of the ume of the
Senate to the consideration of private business
during this session. We may have, nominally,
under the rule, given every Friday to private
business; but we have taken good care, I think,
with the exception of two weeks, to adjourn over
from Thursday to Monday. I do not recollect
that more than two days have been devoted to
the consideration of private business during the
session. The bill to which my honorable friend
from Louisiana has referred, is one in regaid to
which I shall go with him with a great deal of
pleasure; but it is one which will command the
attention of both Houses of Congress. Amntoiest
so important as that—the whole valley of the
Mississippi—will command the action of Con-
gress at any period of the session, whilst the
private claimants do not stand in that attitude;
and if wo pass over to-day without attempting to
do them justice, their claims to justice will be
entirely set aside for this session and this Con-
gress. I hope, therefore, we shall consentto take
up the Private Calendar, go on with it, and let
us see what we can do with it.
Mr. WELLER. I believe the first special
ordir is a bill in which the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] tak^s somes interest. I think
lie was trying during two or three months of the
Just session to obtain the consideration of the
Senate for that bill: but he failed, and 1 know he
has been very anxious during the whole of the
present session to have some action on it; there-
fore,! shall be constrained to vote for proceeding
wnli the tegular order of business.
The motion of Mr. Brodiiead was agreed to.
TAMPICO VOLUNTEERS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first bill
on the Piivate Calendar is the bill (S. No. 242)
for the relief of the Tampico volunteers, which has
been repotted from the Committee on Military
Affairs, with an adverse report.
Mr. WELLER. 1 suppose the question will
be on concurring in the report?
The PRESIDENT -pro tempore* The question
is on the hill.
Mr. WELLER. I move that the bill be indef-
initely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
JEAN B. AND PELAGIE FARIBAULT.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 349)
for the relief of Jean B. and Pelagie Faribault, of
the Minnesota Territory, which proposes to direct
the Secx-etary of War to pay to Jean Baptiste
Faribault and Pelagie Faribault, his wife, §12,0(J0,
with interest from the 12th March, 1839, in full
payment of their claim to the island at the con-
fluence of the Mississippi and St. Pierre rivers,
in fulfillment of a contract entered into with them
for that purpose.
Mr. HUNTER. Is not this a claim that has
been rejected by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives r It seems to me that this is an old
acquaintance, which was put on an appropriation
bill once or twicc, and rejected by the House of
Representatives.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] I think can explain that bill. He
reported it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will reply to my
friend from Virginia. It is an old acquaintance
of his, and an old acquaintance of everybody
who has been in the Senate during* the last four-
teen years. I do not desire to say a word about
it more than simply to state the facts. 1 do not
care whether the Senate pass the bill or not. The
facts are simply these: The Government ordered
a purchase through the War Department about
twenty years ago of an Indian reservation, on
which" a public fort was intended to be located.
Under an act of Congress the purchase was made,
and the fort located upon the land fSurchased from
the Indians. The Secretary of War at the next
session of Congress reported the fact, and the
Senate passed a bill to p*iy the $12,000 agreed to
be paid for the reservation, on which Fort Snell-
ing is now located. It was lost in the House of
Representatives by some cause—lapse of time or
negligence — I know not what; but at the next
session it was passed, and it has been passed by
the Senate at almost every session for fourteen
years. We purchased the land, we have posses-
sion of the land, we occupy it, but never paid a
dollar for it. These are the facts.
Mr. HUNTER. I think I understood that this
matter was submitted to the Secretary of War
on the question of title, and he decided that they
had no title. I should like to know something
of the grounds of that decision, if the Senator
can tell me.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is true there
was a reference made to the Secretary of War,
and he reported that he was not satisfied that the
title was perfect. The Committee on Military
Affairs twice took up that title, and investigated
it in detail from beginning to end, and unani-
mously reported in favor of it. It is a question be-
tween the opinion of Mr. Davis and the opinion
of e\erv committee and every secretary of War,
except him, for the last fourteen years. He thinks
the title was not a perfect one They had pos-
session of it, and we purchased such title as they
had,and took possession of their land,and located
the fort on it, and occupied it ever since. Mr.
Davis lnid his doubts about the title; the com-
mittee have no doubts about it.
Air. IIUNTER. I ask if this be notaproper
case to go to the Court of Claims? Here is a
question of disputed title. We have the opinions
of the committee and of the Secretary of War at
variance on the subject. I should think, if any
question was suitable for the Court of Claims,
this is the one.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. X do not feel any
great interest in this case; but I will say to the
honorable Senator from Virginia, that as I under-
stand it, any defect of title cannot properly be
urged. The United States in making stipulations
with some Indians in the neighborhood of Fort
Snelhng, induced the Indians to agree that the
United States should have the property which
they wanted in order to build a fort, or that some
portion of the lands claimed by that Indian tribe
should be thus used, on the condition that the
United States would make a concession to this
old Indian, Faribault, or some member of his
family. Afterwards, they conveyed this tract of
land to the Government, and that perhaps is the
ground on which the fort now stands. The ques-
tion in regard to the right of property that was
raised many years afterwards at the Department,
but not before it had been also mooted in the House
of Representatives, was, whether these individual
Indians, as distinct from the tribe, had a right to
convey to the Government a title in fee to that
property; whether we had everreceived titlesfrom
individual families of Indians or individual Indi-
ans ? That was the ground on which it was ori-
ginally contested in the House of Representatives
perhaps fifteen, perhaps twenty, years ago—I do
not remember the date. The claim was defeated,
I think, on that ground, at that period.
At a subsequent day, when the Government
wished to make treaties with the Indians to which
this family belonged for a larger extent of coun-
try, they positively refused to concede what was
asked by the Executive Government, unless the
right to this title was confirmed. Upon that con-
dition they agreed to accede to the proposition of
the Government. A distinguished gentleman,
who occupied the post of Secretary of War, en-
tered into that treaty arrangement on that condi-
tion, stating that he would recommend Congress
to do that. The treaty was entered into upon the
good faith of the Government that it would carry
out that stipulation. I remember that the ques-
tion was referred to me when I had the honor,
or the misfortune, for a short'time to occupy the
post of Secretary of War. I investigated it thor-
oughly, and 1 considered that the faith of the
Governmcnthad been pledged by my predecessor,
as well as by the original contract with these par-
ties. I thought it was not a question for us to
decide, whether or not we should comply with the
engagement. We had accepted the benefits of
the treaty on the condition of complying with
what was demanded by these parties. Congress,
since that Ume, agreed to make an appropriation
to them; but I understand that, without anybody
observing it, a proviso was attached to the appro-
priation in the House of Representatives that the
Secretary of War should be satisfied of the valid-
ity of the title before paying the money. The
doubt as to the validity of the title arose on the
question of the capacity of an individual member
of a tribe to make title to any separate property.
That question I considered as having been long
ago .disposed, of by this Government engaging in
a treaty with this tribe of Indians, and accepting
the benefits of the treaty on the condition that
these parties should be paid for their land. I
thought, and I still think, it is a question of good
faith. We cannot honorably go back, and inquire
whether this Indian originally had the right, ac-
cording to Indian usage, to make conveyance of
this property or not. The Government agreed
to run that risk; it has never been disturbed in
its possession; and these parties—Faribault, his
wife and children—come here, and ask to have
the benefit of your agreement with them.
Mr. CLAY. It appears that the title to this
land is in dispute. 1 have not time, nor has any
Senator here time, to investigate the question of
title, and I suppose that no one desires to appro-
priate this money to pay for property to which
the Government can get no good and sufficient
title. It is said by some of the advocates of the
bill, however, that the title is good beyond dis-
pute.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Allow me to inter-
pose a word. The question is, whether we can
dispute the right of the parties to make this con-
cession to us when we hold the property, and
have not been disturbed in it, and havl? entered
into treaties on this condition? Under such cir-
cumstances does it lie with us to dispute the title?
We have agreed to accept whatever title they had.
They surrendered the property: we enjoy it. If
there were any third parties coming in to dispute
the title the case would be different; but there is
no dispute. The Indian tribe to which these In-
dians belong does not dispute it. The only ques-
tion raised at the Department, as I understand,
is, whether,«at the origin of this transaction, these
parties had the right to claim separate property
in this small piece of land; whether individual
members of the tribe, as*separatc from the tribe,
could cede it ? However that may be, we agreed
to accept it; we have not been interrupted in the
possession; the tribe after this cession entered
into a treaty with the Government, on the con-
dition that this stipulation with this member of
their tribe should be carricd out, and the original
agreement was thus confirmed. No third person
is interested; there is no adverse claim. The only
point of doubt which is raised is as to the right
of individual members of a tribe, not acting in
their tribal capacity, to make a concession of any
part of their lands held in common. We agreed
to accept it, however; and I ask, does it now lie
with us to dispute the validity of the title under
which w.) now hold possession?
Mr. BRODHEAD. When I made the motion
to take up the Private Calendar, I intended to
accompany it with the suggestion that wc should
consider only such cases as were not contested.
[" Oh, no !5*] Weil, I hope this bill will not lead
to much further debate.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope we shall dispose of this
! bill at once. I have no disposition to debate it.
! I have been obliged to look into it; I did so at
I the last session; and it seems to me to be a per-
fectly clear case. The Senators from Tennessee
have presented the essential facts, and I hope that
we shall pass the bill.
Mr. CLAY. I offer this amendment as a pro-
viso to be added to the bill:
Provided, That it shall appear to tlic satisfaction of tlie
Attorney General of the United States that a good and suf-
ficient title to said land can be conveyed by said parties to
the United States.
