im.
THE G0N€®E^feL
former Congress' have made appropriations such
as they did make, I honor them for it. It does
not, however, cover this special obligation. -This
ou^ht to be fulfilled fully—strictly—or the Gov-
ernment will be dishonored. For one, I should
feel ashamed of myself, if, having a vote to give
on this subject, I voted against carrying out this
contract; and I shall vote with great cheerfulness
for the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, believing that in so d^irig I but dis-
charge an obligation.
Mr. BIGGS. I desire the Senator from Con-
necticut to read .that letter of Colonel Hardin.
Mr. FOSTER. I have not got it at hand.
Mr. BIGGS. Perhaps the Senator from Ken-
tucky has. it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will read a part of
one of the letters. There are three or four or five
letters to his family. He had left them in their
home in Kentucky, and gone to Fort Hamilton,
as it was then called, but which is now Cincin-
nati, to meet General Wilkinson. He wrote
several letters from there, all of which are before
me; and I wish the time of the Senate would per-
mit me to read the whole. It is not an uninter-
esting correspondence; but I come now to the
particular inquiry made by the Senator from
North Carolina. It is in the letter dated May
19, J 792:
^ ""My dearest Love : X once more have the pleasure to
inform you that X still enjoy health," Sic.
Passing on, he says:
" I have sent you a further sum of money to pay Mr.
Robert Tobin for his horse"—
the horse, perhaps, that Hardin had bought to
ride—
" and to defray ail other necessary expenses you may pos-
sibly be at until £ return ; and should the sum piove not suf-
ficient, you write to General James Wilkinson, who has
promised to furnish you with what money you may stand
In need of till I return; and should I fall a saeufiee in this
impottant attempt, the General has piomised me to be your
steady friend, and that your yearly supply from the Govern-
ment shall not be less than ,>'200 per annum during your
life."
Mr. CLAY. It is with unaffected reluctance
that I cjppose this bill, which, ut the first blush,
seems to appeal very strongly to the sympathies,
of the Senate, arid, indeed, to touch our honor,
as it would appear that the public honor is in-
volved in the decision of this question; but looking
upon it as I do, very differently from the honorable
Senator from Kentucky, I foci that it is necessary,
for my own vindication at least, to assign the
reason why I shall not vote for it.
I will remark, before I do so, that if I exhibit
fnore stubbornness in opposing such measures
than many other members, it may be, perhaps, in
consequence of my serving on a committee to
which such bills are commonly referred. I know
something of the natu# of the applicants for these
bounties of the Government. 1 reported against
a bill the other day, to which I think this bears a
very strong resemblance. A man asked that he
might have a pension for life as an invalid, at the
maximum rate allowed a private soldier—eight
dollars a month. It was granted to him. That
was in 1843 or in 1846. In 18ol he came back and
asked to be allowed twenty dollars per month.
That was refused, but during the last Congress
wo passed a bill granting him twenty dollars a
month. That was all he asked at that time. This
session he comes forward and asks us to pay him
twenty dollars a month from the time he was dis-
charged from the public service, about 1815, up to
the period when he received his first pension, and
that was pressed with as much pertinacity and
earnestness as the original claim for eight dollars
a month, and the next claim of twenty dollars a
month were pressed. The pensioners, when they
have once tasted of the public Treasury, are like
the daughters of the horse leech—they cry
"Give! giveand you cannot sate them.
Now, look at this case of my honorable friend
from Kentucky. Here it appears that General
Wilkinson pledged $200 a year to the widow
during her life if her husband's life should be
sacrificed. My friend will not pretend that there
was any legal obligation imposed on the Govern-
ment by this contract to pay her the $200 a year.
Admit, however, that there was a high moral
obligation, that widow is not coming here pre-
ferring this claim—we cannot discharge that con-
tract wuK her. Who come forward and make
, this claim for a further advance from the Gov-
ernment? As I understand", the' children. Has
the Government done nothing for those children !
I maintain that it has done more than it promised.
I maintain that it has done more thariithas done
for the children of any other pensioner of this
Government, except perhaps the analogous case
which was cited by the honorahle Senator from
Kentucky. The Government paid her and the
children $450 per annum for seven years. It did
not stop at that. It advanced $100 perannum to
each of the children during their minority. It
has not been the habit of this Government to pay
any pension to children after they have attained
sixteen years of age. At that time pensions have
ceased, on the supposition that the child could
then provide for itself, whether male or female,
and the bounty of the Government never extended
beyond sixteen years of age. But it appears in
this" case, that the Government paid §100 pet-
annum to each of these children, six or seven in
number, until they attained their majority. Hav-
ing enjoyed this'aid of the Government for their
support and maintenance until they attained
twenty-one years of age—having enjoyed more
of the bounty of the Government than they pro-
bably would have enjoyed if the $200 a year had
been paid to the widow punctually until her death
—they now come forward and ask us to redeem
the contract. The Government has done more
for them than it promised to do—moie than they
would have realized if the contract had been faith-
fully carried out—and yet they ask us to pay them
still more. I cannot vote for the bill under this
aspect of the case.
Mr. WELLER. I had no disposition to pro-
long the discussion or to engage in it at all; but
I felt it to be my duty, as the head of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to present the case to
the Senate. If the Senate arc disposed to vote
another appropriation of public money to the de-
scendants of Colonel Hardin, I shall interpose no
objection; but if there be any of the children of
Colonel Hardin now living, the youngest one can-
not be less than sixty-four years of age. I pre-
sume that very few of his own children are now
living, and this is to inure to the benefit of the
grandchildren. tifcgress in 1800 made provision
for the educatioi^^f the children, the immediate1
descendants of Colonel Hardin, but this is an at-
tempt on the part of the grandchildren to obtain
a still further appropriation. I felt it to be my
duty to report against this bill; and having dis-
charged that duty I shall abide by whatever
judgment it may please the Senate to pass.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 feel, sir, under obli-
gation to say a word, and it shall be a very brief
one, to gentlemen on the other side. The widow,
they say, is dead. You, I will suppose, acknowl-
edge yourself a debtor; this argument acknowl-
edges it. You were a debtor to her $200 a year.
You withheld it. She died, and now you come
forward before the world, in this grand council
of the nation, and you plead her death.as an ex-
cuse for not paying it to her representatives. Did
justice die with her? Did your contract with
her husband, who gave his life for this promise,
die with her? Such a plea, if it be admitted, is
as contrary to every idea of human jurispi udence
as it is to every sense of natural justice. But
you say you gave to some of the rest of the fam-
ily, to his children, money. That was at your
own option to give or withhold. You promised
her, by your commanding general, to whom you
committed all the discretionary powers necessary
to the service in which he was engaged, $200 a
year—you promised the husband, and he gave
his blood for it; and you are now arguing upon
what you consider plausible and equitable defenses
against the discharge or payment of that legal
obligation. That is the course of the opposition
made to this bill; and what is the whole amount
of it? Five thousand six hundred dollars.
Suppose it is to be distributed amongst her
descendants, do you know who they are ? I do
not-,'but this I do know—that this is not the first
nor the last blood of that family which has been
shed in the cause of their country. John Allen,
one of the most eminent men of Kentucky, mar-
rying one of this family, laid down his life at the
battle of the River Raisin—a man whose life was
worth to his country thousands and tens of thou-
sands of dollars. John Hardin, who perished in
the battle of Buena Vista, was another of the
descendants' of this family. If blood is of any
coti'sjd^Fatioii, GodJoio'#! yi$f endttgft
pourecf out from the veins" of this" family from
beginning to end, and now it seems to'ttie' We atef'
seeking evasions of this obligation !
I have great respect for the justice" of the gen-
tlemen who oppose this bill; their motives7are
as good as mine; but for myself I say I cannot
consider any obligation more sacred than thdt
which devolves on this nation to redeem the*
promise made by this dying man for the benefit
of his wife. He did not choose to stipulate for
his children, but for his bereaved wife, then ad-
vanced in life, and the mother of seven or eight
children. For her, in his last moments, when he
is about to lay down his life, he asked: "What
provision will you make for my wife if I die?"
" She shall have," said the commanding ofiiccr,
who was employing him in your efirvice, " at
least $200 a ye:ar during her life." Will you
recognize that obligation? If not, vote against
this bill. If you do recognize it, there is nothing
to excuse you from the performance of it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I did not mean,
Mr. President, to say one word on this subject,
and I should have been perfectly satisfied to see the**
Senate pass the bill if they ehose without my in-
terposition, but after the very elo.quent speech of
the honorable Senator from Kentucky, I do not
feel that I can sit still without expressing the mo-
tives that prompted me in the vote which I gave'
in the committee to report against it. I feel for
every drop of this blood as much as the Senator
from Kentucky feels; but I have a duty here to'
perform, Mr. President, and no blood of Colonel
Hardin, or others, shall drive me from it. If we'
are to pay for every drop of blood that has been
shed in the defense of this country, the Treasury
of the world itself would be bankrupt. I am will-
ing to pay wherever the debt of gratitude or obli-
gation carries me; but in making that payment I
will endeavor to make it equal, just, and unifdKm.
If you put it on the score of the blood that has'
been shed by this family in the defense of the'
honor and rights of our country, I nm Willing.to
take it on that ground, and then take the other
blood that has been shed, and make up the bal-
ance-sheet, and it will be found that they have'
received more than their share.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The question is, has'
she received more than her share?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes, sir; she and
her children have.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. "She," is the ques-
tion, and the only question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. She cannot re-
ceive it now; for, thank God, she is beyond that
point where money can reach her, and where she
needs it; and I trust that all her glorious de-
scendants are or may be there.
But, Mr. President, was this a debt? Ifitwas
a debt, where is the evidence of it? The archives
of the country have been searched; a special mes-
senger has been sent to search them; and there is
not a line, not a single word written there. The
records of the country show no such contract
between Wilkinson and Hardin. I am willing to
admit, upon the letter produced here, that there
was such a contract; but did that contract bind th«
Government? In my judgment, in point of law, it
did not. But suppose it did in point of justice and
gratuity, then, I say, we have redeemed the debt
and more. We paid the children and tne widow
$450 for seven years, and then we paid the chil-
dren §100 each during their minority. Add those'
sums together, and do they not amount to far
more than would have been received if they had
been restricted to the isolated point of the con-
tract we made, that §200 should be given to hisr
wife, and not a dollar to his children? It seems
to me that my honorable friend from Kentucky
does not exactly appreciate the feelings of the
mother, if he imagines that she would sanction
the idea of her descendants comingup now, in the
third or fourth generation, to make a demand on
this Government for an assunjed claim, either in
equity or justice, which went to her little children
while they were in a state of minority. In my
honest conviction, after looking at this subject lor
two years, I believe this Government has acquit-
ted itself of every obligation of gratitude to a
greaterextentthanin the ease of any other family
that I have known in the United States.
If you put it on the score of debt at all, let us
b"«' ere'diUti by tlfe' gratuities' we have paid to the
