THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1857.
New Series....No. 40.
to inquire, because whatever gratuity Congress
might choose to grant to them, according to ray
conception, could neither in an equitable nor a
legal point of view go towards the discharge of
the particular debt due to the widow. For her,
as I said before, the stimulation was made.
Now, Mr. President, it seems to me that justice
is scarcely done to the case in the argument of
my honorable friend from California. He says
that the evidence of a promise nowhere appears
but in the letter of Colonel Hardin; he verily
believes that; but he goes on to argue, that on
searching the files of the Government Depart-
ments we have no evidence of the fact. If you
believe the statement contained in the letter, what
further evidence do you want?
Mr. WELLER. I will answer the Senator.
Colonel Hardin was a very intelligent as well as
a very patriotic man, and he well knew that Gen-
eral Wilkinson, as commander-in-chief, had no
authority to make a contract of that sort, and
therefore lie could not have considered it a legal
contract on the part of the Government.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Then the gentleman
does not believe the letter. It comes back to
that at last.
Mr. WELLER. I believe the statement; but
Colonel Hardin being an intelligent man, knew
that General Wilkinson could not make a bind-
ing contract of that, kind for the Government.
Mr, CRITTENDEN. How can that idea be
reconciled with the language of the letter, in which
•ho says expressly to his wife, that if he dies,
General Wilkinson has promised that she shall
have a certain provision for her support from the
Government. I am not here on nice points of
law, to say whether this promise was according
■- to the legal forms of a contract. The question
is, whether it creates an obligation that you will
redeem ? If ifdoes, it is a special and particular
obligation, and the question is, have you re-
deemed it? Gentlemen go round about every-
where to find gratuities to other members of this
family. Sir, 1 can satisfy those gratuities with-
out applying them to the discharge of this debt.
If you are to go on that principle, I can show
rou the services of other members of the family;
can tell you of John Hardin, the younger, who
died at the battie of Buena Vista; 1 can tell you
of John Allen, wfio died at the battle of the River
Raisin—like soldiers both. Will not that satisfy
these gratuities, without insisting on applying
the money here ?
Mr. BIGGS. I wish to make an inquiry of
the Senator from Kentucky, so as to understand
•what is the nature of the amendment. I perceive
that the bill from the House of Representatives
appropriates about eighteen hundred dollars. I
am very much disposed to vote for the Senator's
amendment, and I desire to be satisfied in regard
to it. The $1,800 appropriated in the bill is ex-
pressed to be for the payment of a balance. The
proposition of the Senator from Kentucky is to
strike that out, and insert an appropriation of
$5,COO.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. BIGGS. That, I understand, is $200 a
year during the widow's life. How long did she
live ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Until 1828.
Mr. BIGGS. The payment of the $450 a year,
granted by the act of 1793, expired, I understand,
in 1800; and this amendment is to pay the widow
#200 a year from that time to 1828, leaving out
all allowance for payments made to the children
in that time, and treating it as a contract with
her.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Precisely.
Mr. PUGH. The House bill deducts those pay-
ments.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. In 1800 a law was
passed granting to the guardian of each of the
children, not to the mother, $100 a year until
they obtained their majority. That was a gratuity
to them. The question is, whether you will vol-
untarily apply it as a satisfaction of the mother's
? She may have been starving during this
40
time. She had no legal right to use a dollar of
the money granted to the children.
Mr. BIGGS. I understand further, that the
amendment does not allow the widow $200 a year
for the seven years that the act of 1793 was in
force.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Nothing for that time.
Mr. BIGGS. You treat the $200 as included
in the grant of $450 during the time that act was
in force
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. BIGGS. So that the extreme of the claim
might have been $200 from the time of the death
of Colonel Hardin to 1898; but the amendment of
the Senator from Kentucky is to assume the $200
as having been paid in each year, from 1793 to
1800, and then to pay $200 a year from that time
to the death of the widow.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That is all. I will only
add, for the purpose of entire accuracy, that the
sum of $450 was to be paid to the widow and h#r
children, seven in number, equally. Although
her equal part would not amount to $200, I take
that as discharging her claim for the time, and
suppose her to have received $200 of the $450,
which was greatly more than her proportionate
part according to numbers, anil 1 ask only for her
compensation from 1800 to 1828, when she died.
That is all.'
Mr. DODCE. Mr. President, I certainly have
no desire at this late period to interfere m this
debate in any way, except to state some fat s
within ray own knowledge. Colonel Hardin was
killed in 1792. I was bonfin J 782, and of course
I was ten year's old when Colonel Hardin went
from Kentucky with a of truce. I recollect
well, sir, when Colonel Hardin went with that
flag of truce; and 1 remember what was the situ-
ation of Kentucky at that time. It was consid-
ered that Colonel Hardin was the best man who
could be seleojjfcto go with that flag of truce, to
endeavor to imtKO peace with the northwestern
Indians. He was sele'cted by General Wilkinson
for that particular purpose; and the people of
Kentucky had the most entire confidence in him.
He was considered one of the most gallant men
in Kentucky. I remember well, sir, the character
which he bore. The Indians were killing our
people in every direction before Colonel Hardin
went on that mission. They killed my grand-
father and aunt at Spring Station, eight miles from
Louisville, and they killed two of my uncles about
the same time; so that from these circumstances
I have a distinct recollection of the facts.
It appears to me, sir, on this occasion, that
money would amount to but little. Consider, if
you please, the situation of the country. We
could see the scalped heads coming in from every
quarter. The Indians were attacking the stations
of the settlers. This gallant soldier went on a
mission to endeavor to effect, peace for his coun-
try. I think his grandchildren should not be
lost sight of, but that even-handed justice should
be measured out to them. Sir, if there ever was
a man whose relatives or descendants deserved
to be provided for, that man was Colonel John
Hardin. The name of Hardin and bravery were
synonymous in Kentucky. I knew the gallant
colonel who was killed at buena Vista. I served
with him in the House of Representatives. I
knew Allen well, because I lived with him once.
I knew his character. He was a gallant soldier.
The whole family shed their blood most pro-
fusely in the cause of their country. 1 think
that, as an act of justice, the provisions of this
bill, which have been so eloquently urged by the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, should be
passed on this occasion.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not desire to prolong this
debate, but simply to state the conclusions at
which I have arrived. I cannot look on this as a
contract, in the legal sense of (he term, imposing
an obligation on the Government to pay the widow
of Colonel John Hardin $200 a year. There is no
such contract proved, as far as I can judge from
the report of the committee of the House of Rep-
resentatives, which I have just read. It does
appear, however, on what to mo is sufficientevi-
dence, that in consequence of the gallant services
and the peculiar service of Colonel John Hardin,
in the sacrifice of his life, under circumstances
where the sacrifice was almost certain to follow-,
for the benefit of nis country, it was a case for
Congress to consider with liberality. Congress
did consider it, though, according to the state-
ment made in the report of the cemmittee of the
House of Representatives, without having before
them the letter of Colonel Hardin, which, although
not evidence to prove a contract, is sufficient evi-
dence to show me that this statement was made
to him by Geneial Wilkinson, who may have had
no legal authority to bind the Government. Con-
gress, without the evidence afforded by this letter,
adjusted the measure of their liberality to ln-s wife
and children. Subsequently, and within the last
twelve years, according to the report, this letter
has come to light. It shows that the sum, which
on two occasions Congress authorized to be paid
to the widow and children of Colonel John Har-
din, did not amount, by $1,800, to the sum which
she would have received according to the agree-
ment of General Wilkinson with him—an agree-
ment which, although it is not obligatory on the
Government, was made under circumstances af-
fording a strong reason to guide Congress in the
gratuity they should make to his widow and chil-
dren. The House of Representatives, therefore,
in their bill, have adopted the principle of allowing
the difference between the sum which, if that let-
ter had been known at the time, would probably
have been the measure of the gratuity of Con-
gress, and the sum actually allowed.
I am willing to adopt that conclusion. I am
willing to vote for the House bill, on the ground
that, if that letter had been in existence, if the
historical fact as to the character of (lie service
and the sacrifice of life had been'known, Congress
would have extended the gratuity to the amount
of the promise of General Wilkinson, of which
there was moral conviction,though no legal proof.
The gratuity given ought to be deducted from the
amount which would have been due if the promise
had been carried out; and then the balance, which
is $1,800, according to the House bill, I should
bo willing to vote for. I cannot, however, vote
for the amendment of the Senator from Kentucky,
because it does not strike me that we can suppose
this promise to Ije on the footing of a legal con-
tract; and I do not think it will do to sever the
wife and children. The object of Colonel Hardin
was to provide for the wife, as the children were
young, and the wife would be the person under,
whose care and by whose means these children
would be brought up. The annuity was given
to the wife and children. What proportion each
received is of no consequence.
On the whole, I look on this as a proper case
in which the liberality of the Government ought
to be exercised toward the widow and nililiken
of Colonel Hardin. It was exercised to a cer-
tain extent; but had the same facts which are
now reported by the committee of the House of
Representatives been known .at the' time when
the previous bill was passed, I think the measure
of that liberality would have been greater. I am
therefore willing to pass the House bill as it
stands, but I cannot vote for the amendment.
Mr. WELLE^Ft. That bill passed the House
of Representatives, allowing §1,800. When it
was pending before the Senate last year, the Sen-
ator from Kentucky moved to increase it to
$6,000. That was voted down; and the Senate
then, aftera full debate,on the yeas and nays, by
a vote of thirteen in favor of the bill, and twen-
tv-five against it, rejected it even at $1,800. If
the Senate have changed their" opinion now, I
certainly have no complaint to make.
Mr. BAYARD. I aid not hear the former de-
bate. I only gave my own reasons why I could
vote for the bill of the House of Representa-
tives.
Mr. HOUSTON. When my attention was first
called to this bill I thought I should vote against
it, taking it. for granted that the committee who
