1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
627
tee does not wish to have the examination of this
Mr. RUSK-. I hav& had a conversation with
the chairman.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the adjournment.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 10, noes 17; no quorum
voting.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate ad-
journ for want of a quorum.
Mr. YULEE. I ask leave to present a me-
morial.
Mr- HALE. I object. There is not a quorum
here.
Mr. STUART. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed.   
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 9,1857.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
jjphe Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House acommunicationfrom the Navy
Department, inclosing the Naval Register; which
was laid upon the table.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
mcnt on the expenditure of the contingent fund
of the War Department for 1856; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Department
of the Interior, submitting the report, plans, and
estimates of A. L. Rives, engineer, &c., for per-
manent bridge across the Potomac, and for the
improvement of the river, as required by the act
of Congress of 18th August, 1856; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
** Also, a resolution of the Legislature of New
Mexico in reference to additional appropriations
forpublic buildings, and further provision for edu-
cational purposes; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
WAGON ROAD TO CALIFORNIA.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the question upon the passage of a
bill for the construction of a wagon road from the
South Pass of the Rocky Mountains, in Nebraska
- Territory, via Great Salt Lake Valley, to Honey
Lake Valley, in the eastern portion of the State
of California; upon which the previous question
had been ordered, and also the yeas and nays.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 119, nays 48; as follows:
- YEAS —Messrs. Albright, Alien, IJali, Bartxmr, Barclay,
Benson, Bingham, Hishop, Bradslmw, Brenton, Broom,
Bufifinton, Burhngame, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra
Clark, Clingman, Colfax, Comins, Cox, Cragiu, Cumback,
Dfunrell, Timothy Davis, Dean, Denver, Dc Witt, Dick,
Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, T)urfee, Edwards, Emrie, TCtheridge,
Eustis, Evans, Flagler, Florence, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas
J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Granger, Augustus Hall, ftobertB.
Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Harrison, Haven, Her-
bert, Hodges, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B.
Horton, Hughston, J. Glancy Jones, Kennett, King,Knapp,
Knight, ICnowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Mace, Alexander K.
Marshall, McCarty, Killian Miller, Smitn Miller, Millward,
Morgan, Morrill, Murray, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Mor-
decai Oliver, Parker, Peck, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Porter,
Pringle, Piirviance, Ready, Ricaud, Robbins, Sabin, Sapp,
Savage, Scott, Seward, Sherman, Simmons, Samuel A.
Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stanton, Stew-
art, Stranahan, Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton,
Tyson, Vail, Valk, Wade, Wakeman,Walbridge, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburne, Eliihu B. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Whitney, Williams, Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth,
and Zolhcoffcr—119.
NAYS — Messrs. Barksdale, HendleyS. Bennett, Bliss,
Branch, CaTlilc, Ca«kie, HoweU Cobb, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Craige, Crawford, Cullen, Davidson, Jacob C. Davis,
Day, Dowdell, Edjnundson. Foster, Goode, Hickman,
Houston, Howard, Jewett, George W. Jones, Kidwell,
- Lake, Leiter, Letcher, Lumpkin, Maxwell, McMuIJin,
Millson, Nichols, Packer, Paine. Powell, Puryear, Quit-
man, Reade, Ruffin, Shorter, Talbott, Trippe, Underwood,
Watkms, Watson, Wheeler, Winslow, and John V.
Wright—48.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the call,.
Mr. DOWDELL stated that Mr. Sandidge
was detained from his seat by illness.
" V .^r* LAKE stated that Mr. Walker was de-
tained from the House by sickness.
, Mr. PURVIANCE stated that Mr. Grow was
detained from the House by indisposition, and
was unable to be present.
Mr. AIlLEN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Harris, was detained from the House on account
of an accident he met with the other day.
Mr. TAPPAN stated that he was engaged upon
a committee, and was not present when his name
was called. Had he been present he would have
voted in the affirmative.
Mr. AKERS said that, had he been within the
bar when his name was called, he would have
voted "ay.M
Mr. COVODE stated that he would have voted
in the affirmative had he been within the bar
when his name was called.
Mr. PITRVIANCE moved that the vote by
which the bill was passed be reconsidered; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HERBERT. I move to amend the title
.of the bill, so that it shall read: A bill for the
construction of a wagon road from Fort Kearny,
via the South Pass of the Rocky Mountains and
Great Salt Lake Valley, to the eastern portion of
the State of California, and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HERBERT moved that the vote by which
the title was amended be reconsidered; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IMPEACHMENT OF JUDGE WATROUS.
The SPEAKER. The business next in order
is a motion made on Monday last by the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Barbour,] to suspemj
the rules to enable him to report the following
resolution from the Committee on the Judiciary:
Resolved, Thai John C. Watious, United States district
jmlge for the district of Texas, be impeached lor high crimes
and misdemeanors
Mr. BARBOUR. I ask for the reading of the
report of the Committee on the Judiciary in the
case of Judge Watrous.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I believe
that is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana asks the consent of the House that the report
of the committee accompanying the resolution be
read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Have we not a
right to have it read?
The SPEAKER. It is not yet before the
House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The resolution is.
The SPEAKER. The report can only be read
by general consent, inasmuch as the resolution is
not yet before the House. The motion is to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, I hope it
never will get before the House unless the report
be read.
Mr. BROOM. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. This is a very serious
charge to make againsta man, and it does seem to
mc that we are placed in a very awkward situation
in being called upon to vote without knowing any-
thing about the facts. I hope the House will
know the facts before they undertake to decide
this matter.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Was not
the motion of the gentleman from Indiana to
postpone the consideration of this case to some
future time ?
The SPEAKER. There is no motion to post- i
pone, nor can such a motion be received.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. EVANS. I hope the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will withdraw his objection to the read-
ing of the report.
Mr. BROOM. At the solicitation of those about
me I withdraw my objection.
The report was then read, and is as follows:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom were referred
the petitions of Jacob Mussina and Eliphas Spencenfor the
impeachment of John C. Watrous, United States district
judge for the district of Texas, have had the same under
consideration, and, afterdue examination, they have re-
solved to report favorably to the prayer of the petitioners.
Upon referring to the proceedings in cases of former im-
peachments, the committee find that specific charges of
impeachment have not been preferred in the report of the
committee to the House; but, in most cases, they have
simply reported the testimony, wnh a resolution that the
accused be impeached of high crimes and misdemeanors.
Specific charges have been preferred afterwards, when the
Senate has signified its readiness to proceed with the trial.
The committee wouJd, however, state very briefly the sub-
stance of the charges in the petitions, and the grounds upon
which they have resolved to report the resolution. The
complaints in the petition of Jacob Mussina, arnongothers,
are founded upon the conduct of Judge Watrous in a chan-
cery suit litigated in his court at Galveston, and charge that
throughout the progress of the case, he was oppressive and
partial; that he entirely disregarded the well-established
rules of law and evidence, and the rights of litigants.
. The cause at Galveston was commenced by one Cavazos
et al. vs. Stillman et al., January 12, 1849, for parution
among the complainants of a large tract of land situated
upon the east bank of the Rio Grande, which included tho
town of Brownsville, and to quiet the title as against the
claim of those who were made defendants. The bill of
complaint, which was verified by oath, alleged that all the
complainants were citizens of the Republic of Mexico, and
that the defendants were citizens of the State of Texas,
which gave the United States court jurisdiction. After-
Avards, it appearing upon the report of a master that a suit
was commenced by the attorneys of Cavazos without the
knowledge or consent of several of the parties made com-
plainants, the court ordered that the names of such parties
should be struck out of the complaint and inserted as de-
fendants, upon the agreement of an attorney to appear for
them, and place upon the record of the cause, by answer
or otherwise, such averments as would reeognize the juris-
diction of the court, by acknowledging themselves citizens
of the State of Texas although it was well known that they
were citizen? of Mexico, and not of the State of Texas; and
although no notice had been given to any of such parties,
one of them being a married woman, and another an infant
for whom no guardian ad litem was ever appointed, their
rights were finally passed upon in (he decree in this irregu-
lar manner. Those facta might not have been the cause of
serious complaint, if the judge, in the subsequent proceed-
ings, had shown a disposition to administer justice with an
even hand. *
The petitioner, Jacob Mussina, was not made a defendant
in the cause until artei these proceedings were had; but his
interest afterwards appealing by the affidavit of one of the
defendants, although he was not a citizen of Texas, hut a
citizen of Louisiana, he was made a defendant by an amend-
ment lo the bill of complaint. The committee find that,
during the progress of the causc, the wcll-c&iablished rules
of law and evidence were repeatedly disregarded by the
court, and in all cases in favor of the complainants and
against the defendants. The testimony of interested wit-
nesses was allowed against the objection of the defendants;
and thedcposition and affidavitsof an attorney forthe com-
plainants was received m evidence against the objection of
the defendants, although it was shown by his own testi-
mony that lie was prosecuting the suit under an agreement
of champerty—that is, he was to share in the proceeds of
the sale of the property after it should have been recovered
and sold.
The court allowed the use of translations of important
documents tending to prove the title of the complainants to
the property in question, which had been made out by the
same attorney who was by agreement to share in the profits
of the suit when the land should be recovered and sold,
witlAut acting under the sanctions of an oath,and without
the translations being verified by oath. And the court also
oveiruled the objection of the defendants to the use of such
translations. There is some record testimony before tho
committee showing that these translations were false in
some respects, without showing in what respects they were
false.
A short time previous to tire January term of the district
court of Galveston, for 1852, Judge Watrous caused it be
understood by rumors, and by declarations given out by
himself publicly, that he would not hold a January teim
Galveston, which came to the knowledge of Jacob Mussina, «
and prevented his attending that court, and taking such
steps as might be necc.ssary to sccure the benefit!? of an
appeal. But,notwithstanding his declarations, he did hold •
the January term at Galveston, and rendered a decree in the
said chancery cause, declaring the title of Mussina to the
property m controversy to be null and void, and enjoining
hiA forever from further asserting any claim to the same,
remarkm 5 at the time, that he had seen or conversed witluhe
parties at Austin, and that they had consented to, or  
satisfied with the decree; which declaration of the judge
prevented an attorney of Jacob Mussina, then happening to
be m court, from taking the necessary stops for an appeal;
whereas, in truth and in fact, Judge Watrous had not s-een
or conversed with Jacob MuSsina at Galveston, or else-
where, or any person representing his interest; and the pre-
tense, that he had consented to the decree, or was satisfied
with it, wa<i withoutfoundation or excuse. Five of the eight
complainants, who were material and necessary parties,
had been made defendants in an early stage of the cause,
and without any answer or allegations on their part, except
two of them, a'decree was rendered m their favor against
Mussina; and to perfect an appeal, a notice should have
been given m open court at the time the decree was rendered,
or, in case of appeal being taken afterwards, by the provis-
ions of the twenty-second section of the judiciary act, the
appellees must be served with the citation of appeal; and
as one of the parties was a married woman, and anothor an
infant, all of them residing out of the jurisdiction of our
courts, being citizens of Mexico, it became very difficult, it
not impossible, to perfect an appeal after the court had
adjourned.
It further appears, that afterwards, on or about the —
day of January, 1854, Judge Watrous, upon the application
of the solicitor of the complainants in the chancery cause
at Galveston, cited said Jacob Mussina to appear m court
at that place to answer for a contempt of court, in con-
tinuing to assert that he had an interest 10 the said prop-
erty at Brownsville. The acts charged to he m contempt
of the eourt were, first, that he had commenced and P'ose-
cuted a suit in the city of New Orleans, against some of the
parties and solicitors in the said case of Cavaaos et al. vs.
Stillman for conspiracy, in the proceedings in said
case, to defraud and cheat, under color of legal proceed-
