1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
629
voted on it. I came to the conclusion myself that
the investigation ought not to proceed without
notice to the party.
Mr. EVANS. I wish to make a few remarks,
especially in reply to the gentleman from South
Carolina 
Mr. STANTON. I would suggest to the
House that it would be better to let the rules be
suspended by common consent, and let the ques-
tion be debated, so that we can understand it.
We cannot act understanding^ on this question
• of suspending the rules without having some ex-
planation in discussion. It therefore seems proper
that we should at once suspend the rules and let
us then debate this resolution.
Mr. EVANS. I can very well understand the
influence which the remarks of the gentleman
from South Carolina may have. I know that this
is a most important proceeding — important to
Judge Watrous, and important to the people of
Texas. I think that it is due, not only to Judge
Watrous, but to the State of Texas, that this res-
olution be adopted, and that the judge be placed
upon his trial, and have an opportunity of acquit-
ting himself before the Senate of the United States
if he be innocent. I do not know to wljom my
•end from South Carolina referred as the person
}jy whom lie was assured of Judge Watrous's
honor and highmindedness, but I can state this:
that soon after Judge Watrous was made judge
of the district court of Texas, he fell under sus-
picion, and it became the settled opinion of a large
majority of the people of Texas that he was en-
gaged in fraudulent land eases. 'That opinion
was indorsed by the Legislature of Texas in 1848,
in the resolution which has been read here this
morning. There are, I believe, but few of the
members of the bar—but very few of the citizens
of Texas, who do not regard Judge Watrous as
implicated in some manner or other in this class
of litigation, and improperly so.
Proceedings were instituted soon after the Le-
gislature of Texas had taken action on the subject.
The Committee on the Judiciary, which was the
committee to which the subject was referred,
reported that the testimony in support of the
charges then made was not sufficient to sustain
an impeachment. It was confidently expected at
the time, by the friends of Judge Watrous, that
he would resign his judicial position, but he did
not do so. The question was first.brought up in
1849, and it was in 1852 that the Committee on
the judiciary reported there was not evidence
to suppor- an impeachment. He did not resign;
but the same charges continued to be made against
him in the State of Texas. I might say they be-
came stronger, and their truth more firmly fixed
in the minds of the members of the Legislature,
and the minds of the judiciary and the bar of
Texas.
I have not investigated with any degree of care
the cases which have arisen subsequent to the
effort to impeach Judge Watrous in 1852. I know
nothing of Judge Watrous; but Ido say thatitis
an almost complete denial of justice to continue
him in the position of judge in the district court
of Texas, when the people of that State have no
confidence in his integrity; neither the Legisla-
ture, the bar, nor the judiciary itself. I affirm
here, on my responsibility as a member of this
Mouse, that no parties of any respectability in
Texas, except a few, very few, who are engaged
as litigants in his court, or interested in that class
of titles to which he is supposed favorable, pre-
tend to defend him.
- Mr. Speaker, I know that a judge may fall un-
justly under suspicion; that he may come in con-
flict with the prejudices of the section of the
country where he may hold court; that opposition
may be aroused against hiin; but! also know that
unless he can live it down in ten or fifteen years,
there is too much reason to believe the fault is
with himself. Judge Watrous has been a judge
in Texas since her annexation to this Union.
Immediately after he was appointed and took his
seat, suspicions became prevalent against his
judicial integrity. They have grown worse and
worse, until at this, day, as I have already said,
there are few, if any, parties in Texas who have
any confidence in him. Under the circumstances,
then, I urge that it is due to the purity of our
^.courts of justice, due to the administration of
Injustice, due to 'Judge Watrous himself, that he
'should be put on his trial. If, on his trial, he
shows that the charges against him are the result
of prejudice or an unfortunate combination of cir-
cumstances, then he will hold his judgeship with
claim to the public confidence. But it is a mock-
ery of justice to continue in office as judge a man
in whom nobody has confidence—a man against
whose continuance as judge the Legislature and
the bar of Texas remonstrate on testimony, in my
belief, of the most ample character.
These are the only remarks I have to submit.
I know nothing of Judge Watrous myself. I was
never in his court but once or twice. He is a
judge of eminent ability. There is no question
of that. But as a Representative of Texas, I
say that it amounts to no court at all to continue
Judge Watrous in office with these suspicions
attached to diis name.
Mr. HAVEN obtained the floor.
Mr. WAIvEMAN. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HAVEN. I know that debate is not in
order. I want to make but a single remark in
reference to this resolution.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I object. If the committee
are not allowed to be heard, I object to anybody
olsc debating the question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to inquire of the
Chair whether it is competent to move the post-
ponement of this subject to another day, and an
ordefc to print the testimony in this case, so that
members may see it before they are called on to
vote on this resolution?
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not yet
before the House. If it be received, it will be in
order to move to postpone and print, as suggested
by the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. BROOM. 1 ask that t'.e amendment of the
gentleman from South Carolina be read. m
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I would inquire
whether the Committee on the Judiciary propose
to have action on this resolution to-day, provided
the rules are suspended?
Mr. WAKEMAN. I object to debate of any
kind.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Let us have a vote.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 156, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Albright, Allen, Allison, Ball, Bai hour,
Hcmlley S. Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss,
Bocock, Boyce, Bradahavv, Brand!, Brenton, Bioom,
IJuffinton, Btirlinsrame, Burnet!, Oarlile, Caskie, Chaffee,
Bayard Clarke, Ezia Claik, Clawson, Clinsman, Cnmins,
Covode, Cox, Oia:;iu, Cringe, Crawford, Cnllen, Cumhack,
Damrell, Davidson, Timothy jDavis, Day, Dean, Do Witt,
Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dowdell, Dunn, Durfce, Edie, Ed-
mundson, Emne, English, Kthendqc, Eustis, Evans, Flag-
ler, Florence, Foster, Garnett, Grangei, Augustus* Hall,
Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Moirison Harris, fc5amp*on W.
Ilariis, Harrison, Haven, Hickman, Hodges, liolloway,
Valentine B. Iiorton, Houston, Howard, tlughston, Ken-
nett, Kidwelly King, Knnpp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Letcher, Mace, Alexander k. Marshall, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Maxwell, Mccarty, MeMullin, Killian Miller, Smith
Miller, Millson, Milhvanl, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Mor-
rison, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Morilecai
Oliver, Paine, Paiker, I'eck, Pclton, Perry, Pettit, Pike,
P^ter, Powell, Prmgle, Purycar, Iteade, Ready, liicaml,
Roberts, Robison,llufiin, Iin«t, Sapp, Seo't. Sherman, Sim-
mons, Samuel A. Smith,William Smith, William It. Smith,
Spinner, Stanton, Stewart, Stianahan, Talbotr, Tappan,
Taylor, Thoiinglon, Thm:lon, Todd, Trafton, Tnppe,
Ty.iOn. Underwood. Vail, Valk, Wade, Wakeman, Wat-
bridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburnc, Ellilin B.
Washburne, fsiacl Washburn, Watson, Wells, Winslow,
Wood, Woodruff, Woodtt'orth, Daniel B. WrigllJ, John V.
Wright, and Zollieofiei—15G.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Barclay, Barksdalc,
Henry Bennett, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Jacob C. Davis,
Edwards, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gilbert,
Goode, Herbert, Thomas R. Horton, Jewett, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Lake, Loiter, Lumpkjn,
Humphrey Marshall, Quitman, Seward, Snecd, Swope,
Watkms, Wheeler, and Williams—32.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in the affirmative.)
Pending the above call,
Mr. CASKIE stated that he would vote in the
affirmative, understanding that the further con-
sideration of the resolution was to bo postponed.
Mr. BARBOUR. I move that the further con-
sideration of this resolution be postponed until
to-morrow week, February 17, and made the
special order for that day; that the Committee on
the Judiciary have power to collate the testimony
in the case, and that that testimony be orderecLto
be printed.
Mr. BOYCE. I ask leave to submit a resolu-
tion in the nature of an amendment. 1ft is aa
follows:
Resolved, That the report be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, with instructions that they furnish
Judge Watrous with a copy of tlic charges and 'evidence
against him.
_ Mr. WAKEMAN. I desire to say, at this
time, why the committee did not summon Judge
Watrous before them previous to the presentation
of this report. I desired to make the statement
before the vote was taken, but was prevented by
objection.
The committee have regarded this subject as one
of very grave importance, and they did not enter
upon its investigation without proper care and
attention. The evidence is almost entirely of a
documentary character, and if there is no other
reason, that alone would absolve the committee
from the necessity of calling Judge Watrous before
them. They are also of opinion, that it was not
within their province or their duly, in reference
to the charge placed in their hands, to compel or
require the attendance of Judge Watrous at this
stage of the proceeding. -They were called upon -
to inquire whether there was a prima facie case of
corruption against the judge. They acted in the
capacity of grand jurors, as an inquest of the
people of the United States, seeking to ascertain
whether there was a prima facie case of corruption
against him. If there was, they considered it their
duly to present him before the Senate of the Uni-
ted Slates, where his case could be properly heard
and tried.
If, as the gentleman from South Carolina sup-
poses, we were under an obligation to investigate
and pronounce a decision upon this case, Judge
Watrous would have two trials—first, befoie the
Committee on the Judiciary, where he would
be under the necessity of calling witnesses and
counter witnesses, and the committee would stand
in the capacity of judges, in the first instance,
to try the guilt or innocence of Judge Watrous.
They considered that the performance of their
duty ended when the evidence before them estab-
lished a prima facie case of corruption against
Judge Watrous. They believed that evidence of
a documentary character did establish that fact,
and hcnce they presented him to this body, by
this body to be presented to the Senate with a
charge of impeachment.
I desire to state to the House, that in one case
of impeachment alone, where a judge was charged
with high crimes and misdemeanor, was he sum-
moned before the committee prior to the present-
ation of his ease to the House. But the earliest
cases were otherwise; and the reason and sense
of those cases show that the party charged should
not be primarily tried before a committee of this
body, but that the duty of the committee was,
after the presentation of evidence of such a char-
acter as, after a fair and calm examination of the
question, induced them to believe that there was
good substantial grounds to think that the offense
had been committed, to present the ease to the*
House, to be by them presented to the Senate.
Tlic reason and the sense of these precedents were
tli foundation upon which the committee acted,
and which led to the course thoy have pursued.
The committee did not desire the House to
come to a conclusion upon this case without suf-
ficient information; ana the reason why the gen-
tleman from Indiana did not make the motion to
print the evidence the other day was, that the
evidence is of a very voluminous character, suf-
ficient to fill several volumes of five hundred pages
each. It would bo impossible to have the evi-
dence printed in extenso, and laid upon the tables 4
of members this session. If printed at all, it
should be printed in a form convenient for refer-
ence, so that each member could examine it and
decide upon it. I hope the motion of the gentle-
man from Indiana will prevail.
Mr. aUITMAN. In a great and important
matter like this it is proper for the House to look
for a moment to what is before it. I doubt not
that in strict law the Committee on the Judiciary
were not obliged, and perhaps were not expected,
to receive evidence from the party thus charged,
for the purpose of exculpation; but when we look
to the consequences of reporting to the benate
articles of impeachment against a judge, for high
crimes and misdemeanors, I am unwilling, as a
member of this House, without very strong prob-
able cause, to bring upon the country not only
