630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
the enormous expense, but the very serious loss
of time of Congress which must result from pre-
ferring an impeachment against a judge; for it
woulcf probably consume an entire session of
Congress, and then the end would not probably
be reached. I shall not be willing to take as
probable cause the strongest ex parte testimony,
where the opposite party has not been heard. I
think it is well, therefore, that the House should
adopt the rule, although it might, in the words
of the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, pro-
duce two trials—that the committee shall hear
what the accused party has to say before they
bring in a resolution which maybe attended with
such important consequences as will result from
the resolution now reported and proposed to be
adopted.
Let us look for a moment at the consequences
of adopting it. Articles of impeachment must be
immediately preferred to the Senate. That body
must resolve itself into a high court of impeach-
ment. The House must appoint managers for the
purpose of prosecuting it; and probably the greater
portion of one session of Congress will be occu-
pied in the investigation of such a case.
There have been but two cases of impeach-
ment, and each of them ended in an acquittal, and
so they will probably ever end. This arises from
an imperfection of the mode of trial. And why?
Because the Senate is a body which has no fixed
rules to govern its proceedings when sitting as a
court of justice, and a large portion of the time is
consumed in determining upon the mode of trial,
upon the relevancy and pertinency of testimony,
and in the examination of witnesses. Now, sir,
I will never consent, upon however strong testi-
mony, to vote for an impeachment by this House,
. unless there is probable cause, after the hearing
of the opposite party. It may possibly be, that
the accused in this case could remove the prob-
able cause now established by the ex parte testi-
mony exhibited before the committee. I hope,
therefore, that the resolution of the gentleman
from South Carolina will prevail, and that the
House will not hastily adopt the resolution,
which will be attended with such important con-
sequences, as the one reported from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and from which, when
adopted, it cannot recede.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. To what day is
it proposed to postpone this matter ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
moves that the further consideration of this reso-
lution be postponed until Tuesday, the 17th day
of February instant, and that, in the mean time,
the Judiciary Committee be directed to collate the
testimony, and publish such part of it as they
may deem material, and submit the same to the
House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to amend
the motion so as to postpone the resolution till
Saturday week.
The amendment was adopted; nnd Mr. Bar-
'bobii'b motion as amended was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President
the United States, by Sidney Webster, his Pri-
vate Secretary, informing the House that the Pres-
ident had approved and signed bills of the follow-
ing titles;
An act making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1858;
A n act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Edmund H. McCabe, assignee of Antoine
' Soulardr
An act to extend the time for selling the lands
granted to the Kentucky asylum for teaching the
deaf and dumb;
An act for the relief of Mary Reeside;
An act for the relief of John Mitchell, of the
District of Columbia;
An act to extend the charter of the President
and Directors of the Firemen's Insurance Com-
pany of Washington and Georgetown, in the
District of Columbia.
An act supplementary to "An act to organize
an institution for the insane of the Army and
Navy, and of the District of Columbia, in the said
District," approved March 3, 1855; and
An act for regulating the terms of the circuit
court of the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbory Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed an act (H. R.
No. 272) for the relief of the heirs of the late
Colonel John Hardin; also bills of the following
titles; in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House:
An act (S. No. 349) for the relief of Jean B.
and P. Faribault, of Minnesota Territory;
An act (S. No. 556) to constitute Selma, in the
State of Alabama, a port of delivery; and
An act (S. No. 571) for the relief of Puig, Mir
& Co., of New Orleans.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to submit a resolu-
tion changing the hour of meeting, from this day
forward, to eleven o'clock, a. m.
There being no objection, the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. McMULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I have been
objecting all the time to the introduction of the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was looking di-
rectly at the gentleman from Virginia, and did
not understand him to make objection.
The question was again taken; and, on a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 94, noes 34.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 rise to a question of order.
The gentlemanfrom New York, [Mr. Wheeler,]
and the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. McMul-
lin,] both stated they objected before the Speaker
took any vote on the question. I heard them both
object. Then, if they did objcct, and so stated
before the Speaker put the question, I want to
know whether it was not necessary to suspend the
rules before the resolution could be received ?
The SPEAKER. If the resolution had been
objected to in time it would have been necessary
to suspend the rules; but the occupant of the chair
was looking directly at the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, and that gentleman did not make any ob-
jection in the hearing of the Chair.
Mr. McMULLIN. I did object, as did also
the gentleman from New York.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not /see the
gentlemanfrom New York, and thinks that the
objection was not taken in time.
Mr. McMULLIN. Here is the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Burnett] who states the fact of
my having objected, and 1 state the fact myself.
The SPEAKER. The Chair states to the
House distinctly that the Chair was looking di-
rectly at the gentleman from Virginia; that that
gentleman turned to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Campbell,] and did not make any objection
audible to the Chair.
Mr. BURNETT. I state to the Speaker, and to
the House, that (I do not care where'the Speaker
was looking) the gentleman from Virginia did
make objection. [Calls to order.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
My friend from New York [Mr. Wheeler] rose
in his place, and objected to the resolution before
the Chair put the question. I was sitting beside
him, and he certainly did so before the Chair put
the question. I do not pretend to say, of course,
that the Chair heard him object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was not looking
at the gentleman from New York, and did not
know he was objecting.
Mr. QUITMAN. I would also state, that I
heard the gentleman from New York object be-
fore the question was put; and I saw my friend
from Virginia rise to object, but he was antici-
pated by the gentleman from New York.'
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. If gentlemen will
yield a moment, I will endeavor to relieve the
House of this difficulty. I hope the objection will
be considered as having been made, and now I
move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The proper course would
have been for the gentleman from Virginia, .or for
the gentleman from New York, if they objected,
to have risen to a question of order, and stated that
they had so objected. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Burnett] addressed the Chair, but
did not state the purpose for which he rose.
Mr. BURNETT, The gentleman from Ken-
tucky was not recognized by the Speaker, and
could not therefore make the point.
The SPEAKER. It is not the duty of the
Chair to recognize'a member while the House is
dividing, unless the member states that he rises
to a question of order, or for what purpose he
rises. It is impossible for the Chair to stop busi-
ness and recognize every member who addresses
the Chair without stating the purpose for which
he rises.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. In order to re-
lieve the House, I move to suspend the rales in
order to enable me to introduce a resolution chang-
ing the hour of meeting.
The SPEAKER. The motion has been de-
clared by the Chair as carried.
Mr."CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move, then, to
reconsider the vote whereby the. resolution was
carried.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. And I move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the yeas
and nays, so that we can see who are in favor of
meeting at eleven o'clock, and whether they will
be here at that hour.
The yeas.and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 138, nays 37; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Albright, Ball, Henry Bennett, Hendrey
S. Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw,
Brcnton, Broom, Buifinton, Burlingame, John P. Campbell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Carhle, Caskie, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
dawson, CJmgman, Ilovveli Cobb, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Colfav, Comins, Covode, Cox, Cumback, Damrell,
Davidson, Jacob C. Davis, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean,
Denver, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edie,
Edmundson, Edwards, Emnc, Ethcndge, Evans, Flagler,
Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Gilbert, Granger,
Augustus Hall, Ilarlan, J. Morrison Harris, Haven, Her-
bert, Hickman, Hoffman, HoiJoway, Thomas R. Horlon,
Valentine B. Ilorton, Houston, Howard, Jewett. George VV.
Jones, Kermett, Kidwel!,Kmg, Knapp, Knight. Knowlton,
LPiter, Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, McCarty, Kilhan Mil-
ler, Million, Millward, Moore, Morgan, Morrison, Munay,
Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Mordccai Oliver, Packer, Paine,
Parker, Peck, Perry, Poiter, Pringle, Puryear, lloade,
Ricaud, llobbins, Roberts, Sabin, Sapp, Scott, Seward,
Sherman, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, William R- Smith,
Stanton, Stewart, Stranahan, Swope, Talbott,Thormgiori,
Thurston, Todd,Tiafton,Ti ippe,T>son, Undei wood, Valk,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbudge, Cadwalader C Washbnrne,
Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watkins, Watson,
Whitney, Williams, Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth, Daniel
B. Wright, John V. Wright, and ZollicofTer—138.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Barbour, Barclay, Bai ks-
dale, Bell, Boyce, Bianch, Bayard Clarke, Craige, Craw-
ford, Dowdell, Dunn, Eusns, Florence. Garnett, Goode,
RobcrtB. Hall, Spmpson W. Harris. J. Glancy Jones, Knox,
Mace, Maxwell, McMuliin, Smith Miller, Morrill, Powell,
Quitman, Ready, Ruffin, Rust, Savage, William Smith,
Tappan, Waidton, Wheeler, and Window—37.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting fi om the Secretary of State returns
from consuls on shipping and ship-building, &c.,
in foreign countries, m answer to a resolution of
the House of Representatives; which was laid
on the tab^e, and ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled a bill (H. R.
C. C. No. 17) for the relief of Joseph D. Beers;
when the Speaker signed the same.
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
Mr. KELSEY, from the select committee, pre-
sented the following special report:
The select committee appointed on the 9th ultimo to in-
vestigate certain alleged corrupt combinations, 8cc.,respect-
lully submit the following special report:
That James W. Simonton, now m the custody of the
Sergeant-at-Arms, has been again summoned before your
committee, and his responses to the questions propounded
to lnm aie such as  render it unnecessary, m the opinion of
the committee, to examine him any further. Under these
circumstances the committee do not desire that the said
Simonton shall be detained longer in custody in order to
compel him to testify with regard to the investigation or-
deied by the House, and therefore submit the following
resolution;
Resolved, That James W. Simonton, now m custody of
the Sergeant-at-Aims of this Ilou^e, be discharged.
Mr. WATSON called the previous question on
the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under ite operation,
the resolution was adopted.
Mr. KELSEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table; -which latter motion was agreed to.
