632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
be called to vote, ana that it was not within the power of
the Bouse to deprive him of that riahi,
" The Speaker decided that the said motion was in order,
fie admitted that a member had the l ight to have a propo-
sition read before he oould be called to vote upon it. This
right, iiowever, was derived from the rules ; and, by a sus-
pension of those rules, he was clearly of the opinion that
Jle might be deprived of it. The propriety of suspending the
rules for that purpose was a matter to be judged of by mem-
bers m giving their votes.
" From tins decision of the Chair, Mr. Ewiwi appealed.
"Mr. Chastain moved that the appeal be laid on the
table.
" The question was taken on Mr. Chastain's motion to
lay the appeal on the table; and being put, it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 65.
"So the appeal was laid on the table, and the decision of
the Chair sustained."
Mr. AKERS. I move to lay the appeal on the
table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. On that I ask the
yeas and nays.
Mr. HICKMAN called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for tell-
ers on the motion to lay the appeal on the table.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McMui.lin
and Washburne, of Illinois, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 119, noes 6.
So the appeal was laid on the table.
The question recurred on Mr. Fuller's motion
to suspend the rules, so that the House might
dispense with the reading of the amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays.
The.yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 109, nays 56; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Akers, Albright, Allison, Barbour, Bar-
clay, Boll. Henry Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bliss, Brad-
shaw, Bianch, Brenton, Broom, BufTmton, Burhiigaine,
Burnett, Lewis D. Campbell, Carutliers, Bayard Clarke,
Ema Ciaik, dawson, Howell Cobb, Coinms, Covude,
Ciagm, Oumbar-k, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Hay, IX'an,
TJonvei, De Witt, Diek, Thekson, Dodd, Dllnn, Durfec,
Elistis, Flatlet, Florence, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Galloway, Cilbeit, Grander, Augustus Hall, Robert
B Hall, Italian, Sampson VV. Harris, Heibert, l/ylloway,
Thoma^R. Hoiton, lvelly, Kennctf, Knapp, Knight, Knou J-
ton, Knox. Kuiikcl, Humphrey Maisliall, .Samuel S. Mar-
shall, irt.mvell, McCarty, Killl'an Miller, Millivard, Morrill,
Nieliol.. N'niton, Packer, Parker, Porter, Pnngle, Purviance,
Iteady, liobbins, Roberts, Ituffin, Rust, Salnn, Sapp, Scott, I
Seivard, Sherman, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner,
Stanton, Stewart, Stranahau, Tappan, Taylor, Tnoriniiton,
Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Tyson, Vail, Valk, Wade, Wal-
Imdgc, Watdron, Cathvalader C. Washburne, Elhhu B.
Washburne, Isiael Washburn, Watkms, Watson, Wil-
liams, and Woodruff—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ball, Barksdale,HendleyS. Ben-
nett, Bishop, Bocock, Williamson li. W. Cobb, Crai«e,
J. Clancy Jones, Letter, Letcher, Luinpkm, McMullin,
McQuecn, Smith Miller, Millson, Moore, Morgan, Paine,
Pelton, I'erry, Pettit, Pike, Powell, Puryenr, Umrnian,
lteade, Ricaud, Savage, William Smith. William 11. Smith
Sneed, Talhott, Tnppe, Underwood, Wheeler, Whitney,
Wood, John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—56.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
not voting in the affirmative.) *
And then, on motion of Mr. BARICSDALE,
the House (at twenty-five minutes after three
o clock, p. m.) adjourned until to-morrow, at
eleven o'clock, a.'m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 10, 1857.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the President of the
United States, transmitting a report of the Sec-
retary of State, with accompanying papers, in
answer to the resolution of the Senate of the 30th
ultimo, respecting the proclamation of martial law
by Governor Stevens of Washington Territory;
■which, on motion of Mr. Hale, was ordered to
lie on the table and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, communicating, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate, in-
formation respecting the stock owned by the Uni-
ted States in the Louisville and Portland Canal,
and that held by other persons or corporations;
the rate of tolls, and by whom levied ar, ^ collected
on that canal, and the gross amount of tolls re-
ceived since the first of January, 1850, with the
expense of collection; which was, on motion of
Mr. Slidell, ordered to he on the table and be
printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury, communicating a re-
port of the Director of the Mint on the fineness
and value of certain foreign gold and silver coins
as required by the acts of January 25, 1834, and
March 3,1843; which, on motion of Mr. Stuart,
was ordered to he on the table and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary ofWar, communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate, copies of the
correspondence, not heretofore communicated,
between the officers of the Army and the civil
authorities of California, relative to the doings of
the'Vigilance Committee in San Francisco; which
was, on motion of Mr. Weller, ordered to lie on
the table and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Al-
pheus Rice, praying to be allowed bounty land for
his services as a soldier in the Army of the United
States against the hostile Indians; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the memorial of William H.
De Forrest & Co., Grinnell, Minturn & Co., and
other merchants of New York, praying for an
appropriation for the further exploration of the
La Plata river and its tributaries; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of Sarah
Ann Roose, widow of Sergeant John J. Roose,
late of the regiment of Voltigeurs, praying that her
pension may be increased and continued; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Wal-
ter M. Gibson, praying that his claim for indem-
nity for illegal imprisonment, and consequent loss
of property in the East Indian Archipelago, at
the hands of the Dutch authorities, may be en-
forced by the United States against the Govern-
ment of Holland, and the rights of American
citizens in those seas protected; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. WILSON" presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Massachusetts, protesting against the
repeal of the fishing bounty; which were ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of
citizens of Kansas, praying that a law may be
passed granting to them the lands on which they
have settled in that Territory without price, in i
consequence of their losses and sufferings in the !
disturbances in that Territory; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands. |
Mr. BIGLER presented a memorial of citizens !
of Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the adoption of measures for extending the trade .
between the United States and Africa; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DURICEE presented a petition of James
Duane Doty and other citizens of Wisconsin,
praying for an appropriation for constructing a
harbor and canal at Sturgeon Bay, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Iowa, in favor of the recogni-
tion by the United States of the independence of
trie Republic of Liberia, in Africa; which were
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. PRATT presented a petition of citizens
of Annapolis, Maryland, praying that appropri-
ations may be made for the defense of the harbor
at that place, and at the entrance to the Chesa-
peake Bay; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. ItEID presented the memorial of James
Maney and others, descendants of Cherokee In-
dians, praying that all reservees and their de-
scendants, entitled fo n distributive share under
tne Cherokee treaty of 1835, may be allowed per
capita the sum provided by the eighth section of
the Indian appropriation act of July 31, 1854;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affau-s.
Mr. FOOT presented the petition of citizens
of Vermont, praying that a law may be passed
mBlri v. iv J  i .1 • .
warrant, good and valid for all legal purposes, as
if issued before such death; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read twice by their titles, and
referred to the Committee on Territories:
A bill (No. 619) making an appropriation for
completing the Capitol building in the Territory
of New Mexico;
A bill (No. 641) for the construction of a road
in the Territory of Nebraska;
A bill (No. 699) to extend the provisions of an
act entitled " An act to amend an act to establish
the territorial government of Oregon, and an act
to establish the territorial government of Minne-
sota," to the Territory of Washington; and
A joint resolution (No. 30) authorizing the
accounting officers of the Treasury to allow and
audit the accounts of Asahel Bush, territorial
printer, for printing the statutes of Oregon of
1853 and 1854.
The bill (No. 644) to create the office of sur-
veyor general of public lands in Minnesota Ter-
ritory was read twice by its title, and referred^
the Committee on Public Lands.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
608) to regulate thedisbursementofthecontingent
expenses of Congress, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. FITZPATRICK, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a resolution for
printing two hundred additional copies of the
annual message of the President, with the accom-
panying documents, for the use of each of the Ex-
ecutive Departments, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. BIGGS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 566) to provide for the location of certain
confirmed private claims to lands in the State of
Missouri, and for other purposes, repoited it
without amendment, and moved that the bill be
laid on the ta6le, as it was covered by another
bill heretofore reported.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 656) for the relief of Joseph Irish,
William Sturgis, and Bartholomew Baldwin, re-
ported it without amendment, and submitted a
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom the subject was
referred, reported a bill (S. No. 580) for the final
ad justment of private land claims in the States of
Florida, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Missouri, and
for other purposes; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 538) for the relief
of the inhabitants of the parish of Ascension,
State of Louisiana, reported it without amend-
ment, and submitted a report; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 490) for the relief of Roxana Kimball, re-
ported it without amendment, and submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred a bill reported to
the Senate from the Court of Claims the 2d in-
stant, for the relief of Collier H. Minge, Philip
T. Ellicott, and Lucretia A. Brodie, administra-
trix of Charles Brodie, with the opinion of the
court in the case, reported the bill (S. No. 581)
without amendment, and submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading, q
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported to the Senate from
the Court of Claims the 2d of February, for the
relief of O. H. Berryman and others, with the
opinion of the court m the case, reported the bill
(S. No. 582) without amendment, and submitted
a report; which was ordered to be printed. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on tluflkist
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill (S^i'o.
583) authorizing the Postmaster General to con -
