1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
685
merits of it, or whether it should pass or not. It
is a matter of importance. Its consideration has
been assigned for this day, and if it is not acted
on now, it may be impossible to act on it during
the present session in the other House. I dislike
very much to interfere with the wishes of my
friend from Pennsylvania, who was overslaughed
yesterday with his special order, in consequence
of a privileged question coming up; but such has
been my fate m every proposition in which I have
felt an interest since I have had the honor of being
a member of this body. Therefore, although I
am as willing to extend a courtesy to that Senator
as any other on this floor, believing as I do that
the bill which is entitled to consideration now
under the decision of the Chair is one important
to all the States of this Union, and to perhaps a
larger class of persons than any other bill before
the Senate, I cannot waive it. It is simply a
short biil of one section. I call the attention of
the Senate to it. Though they have not had the
subject before them, I trust it will not take long
to consider it. If it is as odious and objectionable
as the Senator from Pennsylvania intimates, it
can soon be disposed of, for the friends of the
measure are not going to consume time in its dis-
cussion. It simply proposes to authorize railroad
companies to pay the duty on railroad iron in
service rendered m transporting the mail on just
and reasonable terms. That is the whole propo-
sition. I tri^st it will take but little time. It is a
matter of deep interest to every State in the Union,
and to the people concerned in all the railroads.
It has been assigned for to-day, and if passed
over now, it is equivalent to an indefinite post-
ponement. The bill which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania desires now to consider can be con-
sidered at a subsequent day.
Mr. BROD1IEAD. As I made this motion to
postpone, 1 will state, in two words, the reason
why I dul so. The bill for the survey of the
Ohio river, in charge of my honorable colleague,
was fixed for yesterday, but it was set aside by
the question of privilege. I think, having been
first assigned as a special order, it is not only
right to consider it now, but it is a matter of
courtesy also, and on that ground I hope the
postponement will take place.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
to postpone all urior orders, for the purpose of
taking up the bill indicated by the Senator from
Pennsylvania. The question is on that motion.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 19, noes 16.
Mr. ADAMS. A motion having been made
to postpone the consideration of prior orders,
does that carry with it an affirmation of taking
up the other bill?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will consider it simply as postponing those orders
which had precedence of this, and the others will
stand m their place on the Calendar.
SURVEY OF THE OHIO RIVER.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill (S. No. 470) to pro-
vide for the survey of the Ohio river and its prin-
cipal tributaries; which, as originally introduced
by Mr. Pugh, proposed to appropriate $50,000
for making topographical and hydrographical
surveys to determine the practicability and cost
of improving the navigation of the Ohio river and
its principal tributaries by a system of reservoirs,
to seive as feedeis in the periods of low water,
and also to avoid the destruction of property by
great floods, according to the plan formerly sub-
mitted to Congress by Charles Ellet, Jr., civil
engineer.
The bill was reported by Mr. Bigler, from
the Committee on Commerce, with an amend-
ment to strike out all after the enacting clause,
and insert:
That there is heieby appropriated, out of any money m
tiie Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of.®50,000,
or so much thereof as may be required, for the purpose
of making topogtaphical and hydrographical surveys, and
other examinations, on the Ohio nvei and Us tributaries,
to determine the practicability of establishing a fystom of
re^eivoirs on said tnbutaries, for the puipose of improving
the navigation of the Ohio and its principal branches by
reseivina the excess of water, to be supplied to the channel
dun in# the dry season of the year, on the general plan here-
tofore submitted to Congress by Charles Ellet, Jr.
Sec 2. *dnd be it further enacted, That said surveys and
examinations shall ascertain the most desirable location
for Wch reservoirs, the area of land which each would
cover, and the amount of water which each would hold;
also, as far as practicable, the probable cfiect of such reser-
voirs upon the surrounding country, both as to health and
prosperity; and whether such sites could be purchased, and
the probable cost; and also to ascertain the amount of
water which would be required to raise the Ohio river from
low-water mark to a navigation of two and a half feet on
the most shoal bars; also, the amount necessary to iaise it
to three and a half feet; alao, the amount icquired to raise
it to four and a half feet; and such other information as
may be calculated to d termine the piaetieabihty, expe-
diency, and qo$i of sustaining the constant navigation of
the Ohio liver by Mich system of reservoirs; said surveys?
and examinations to be conducted by competent civil or
military engineers, to be selected by the President, and
under such general rules and supervision as he may pre-
scribe.
Sec. 3. Jlnd he it further cnactcd, That there is hereby
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
Wise appropuated, the additional sum of $20,000, or so much
thereof as maybe requited, for the puipose of surveying
the Ohio met from it* mouth up to the point where the sur-
vey smude by the Government in 1837 and 1838 terminated,
with a view to determine the practicability of improving
the navigation of said river by means ol a .series of dam-3,
so as to cause slack water of sutlieient depth on the bars ;
said surveys and examinations shnll.asneara^piactieahle.
ascertain the angrejjate cost of lnipioving the river by the
piopo&ed system of dams; also, the etfect upon the sur-
rounding countiy. and whether said dams would be likely
to cause inundations or not, and whethei locks can be
placed in such dams of sutlieient capacity to pas-! nil the.
steamer and other craft ut certain seasons of the year, and
furnish such othei information as may seem calculated to
throw additional light upon the questions involved; said
surveys and examinations to be conducted by the topogiaph
ical bmeau, under the dneetion and geneial supervision of
the Secretary of War.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to move sonic clerical
amendments which have been suggested by the
Secretary of War since the bill was reported by
the "Committee. The first is at the end of the first
secti^, after the word 44 supervision," to insert
44 and at such rates of compensation," so as to
read, 44 said surveys and examinations be eon-
ducted by competent civil or military engineers,
to be selected by the President, and under such
general rules and supervision, and at sueh rates
of ciJJnpensation as he may prescribe." The next
is at the end of section three, to strike out the
words 44 to be conducted by the topographical
bureau," so as to read, 44 the said surveys to be
made under the direction and general supervision
of the Secretary of War."
The amendments were agreed to; and the ques-
tion recurrcd on the amendment of the committee
as amended.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, the remark of
my honorable colleague in the effort to get this
bill up is somewhat embarrassing. It was not
my intention togoinfoan elaborate investigation
of this subject; that has been done to some
extent in the report of the committee; but I will
stale briefly to the Senate the purpose and neces-
sity of the proposed survey.
It will be quite unnecessary,Mr. President, to
dwell upon the question of the importance of the
trade of the Ohio river. That it is of that mag-
nitude which should command the attention of
Congress will be conceded on all hands. It is
wide-spread and very general in its character,
covering a very large portion of our whole coun-
try in its interests and influences. The Ohio river
for ail average of eight and a half months of the
year has sufficient capacity to bear upon its sur-
face any amount of tonnage. Tt affords for that
portion of the season a very efficient steam navi-
gation. During the dry season it sinks down
: below the point of efficient navigation. The con-
sequences upon the general trade of the river,
upon all the avenues connected with it, are veiy
prejudicial. Commerce is embarrassed and par-
alyzed by it. The citics on the river suffer es-
sentially. For years business men and scientific
men have been discussing the question of the
practicability of remedying tins deficiency in the
navigation. Scientific gentlemen differ as to what
mode should be adopted; business men entertain
different opinions; but they come here and ask
the Congress of the United States to provide for
surveys and scientific examinations with a view
to solve the problems involved, and settle the
question of the practicability of improving this
river in the manner which they desire.
This bill, Mr. President, you will perceive,
therefore, presents none of the difficult questions
which are usually raised here with regard to in-
ternal improvements. There is no question of
constitutional power involved. The report of the
committee distinctly avoids that issue. There is
( no committal in reference to what the Government
j may do hereafter in the improvement of this river.
A company has been organized in my own State
looking to the improvement of the Ohio; and in
the conflict with regard to the proper mode to be
adopted, the necessity for a complete scientific
examination has arisen. What we desire now is
that for which this bill provides, viz: that surveys
to decide as to the practicability of improvement
by reservoirs, or by dams and slack-water, shall
be made at the expense of.the National Govern-
ment. This is no new question of policy. It
has been the custom of the Government, since its
organization, to aid in determining scientific ques-
tions of this kind; and therefore I had hoped, and
still hope, that there will be no necessity for ail
elaborate examinatiQn of the question.
The first proposition is for surveys, with a view
to the improvement of the river by a system of
reservoirson the tributaries of the Ohio, in which
the excess water shall be reserved during the rainy
season to be supplied to the channel during the
d#y season, and, if possible, to secure a contin-
uous navigation of tlie river. The second clause
is, to complete the surveys commenced in 1837
and 1838 by the Government, in reference to an
improvement by slack-water. Those surveys
extend from Pittsburg down some two hundred
and thirty-seven miles. So far as they have gone,
they are complete, and answer every purposo.
The object is to carry those surveys on to the
mouth of the river, when the surveys shall have
been determined, it will be an easy matter, I think,
to decide which of those modes of improvement
is the best, or whether cither will be successful.
With these remarks I leave the question for the
present. •
Mr. JONKS, of Tennessee. I do not suppose
j that the Senate ran, for a moment, serious.lv en-
j tertam the idea of the passage of this bill, t am,
i perhaps, as latitudinarian m my consideration
of the powers of (his Government, in lvgard to
internal improvements, as almost any Senator on
this door; but I confess that this measure goes a
little further than 1 have been heretofore satisfied
we ought to go. If I understand the bill as re-
ported by the committee, it provides that $50,000
shall be appropriated for the purpose of making
an experiment to ascertain whether you can sup-
ply water to the Ohio river by dams, and $20,000
additional for the purpose of making a survey, as
to whether you can improve the navigation by
reservoirs and locks. In addition to all this, there
is a provision for compensation to the engineers
who are to make this survey, wholly undefined
as to the amount.
Mr. PUGH. Their compensation is part of the
appropriation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think not. Does
that come out of the appropriation?
Mr. BIGLER. Yes, sir,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understood it as
providing that the President should fix what the
engineers were to receive.
Mr. PUGII. He is to fix only the rate of com-
pensation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, sir, admit-
ting that to be so, you have in this bill an appto-
priationof $70,000 for the purpose of ascertaining
the practicability of a mere fancy sketch of a very
eminent man, as 1 admit Mr. Ellet. to be. Mr.
Ellet has an idea that he can make a river by
catching all the loose water that passes down m
the freshet season of the year and damming it up,
and then letting it out to suit his fancy as the i iver
may iequire. lie thinks he can make the Ohio
river, which is one thousand five hundred miles
Ipng, navigable in that way. The Senate of the
United States are called upon to appropriate
#70,000 for the purpose of making that experi-
ment and the other experiment as to locks.
I should like to know from those gentlemen who
are strict constructionists of the Constitution—I
do not belong to that school—where they find the
power to make a mere experiment of this sort to
ascertain whether Mr. Ellet's scheme can suc-
ceed or not? This measure is brought up to su-
persede and override a bill in which every scction
of the Union is concerned—a bill affecting the
interests and the rights of every portion of our
common constituency. That was set aside to take
up this measure. The one affects iron, the other
water; that is the difference.
I am opposed to all such schemes as this. If
Mr. Ellet believes his plan will work well, let
him go on, organize a company to furnish the
