m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
ckpital^ make his locks and dafris, catch his water,
improve the riverunder theauthority of tne States,
and not come to Congress and ask us to vote him
$50,000 to survey the river, and see whether his
scheme be practicable or not. If this is to be
your legislation, I ask you to quit talking about
strict construction.
Mr. BIGLER, The Senator from Tennessee
is manifestly mistaken on several points. In the
first place, it is unjust to Mr. Ellet to place him
in the attitude which the Senator assigns to him.
' Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. His name is in
the bill.
Mr. BIG-LEE. His name is in the bill because
it has reference to a proposition which he sub-
mitted someyears ago,ageneral plan which com-
manded the approbation of some of the most dis-
tinguished members of 'His body, among whom
■was the eminent Senator from Kentucky, Mr.
Clay, who, after full examination, declared his
confidence in the success of the measure. Mr.
Ellet has no interest in this question any further
than his pride and ambition as a scientific man.
His views have encountered opposition, but he
has pressed them for years, and they are adopted
now by very many of the most eminent men of
vhe country. I have before me authorities on that
subject. I have the results of the experiments
which have been made in France, not only to sup-
ply water during the dry season, when it is defi-
cient in the channel, but with a view to check
inundations by restraining the flow when the
Water is superabundant. I have an able essay
from Mr. Elwood Morris on the subject. Mr.
Latrobe, one of the most eminent engineers of the
country, expresses his confidence in the success
of the project.
Now, what does the measure before us pro-
pose ? Simply that the President of the United
States shall select a corps of competent engineers,
at such rate of compensation as he may deem
right, for the purpose of making these scien-
tific examinations, and settling all the questions
and problems involved. The appropriation is
#50,000, or so much thereof^is may be necessary.
That is one branch of the subject. The other is
to determine what v/ou!d be the effect of dams in
the river—first, whether they could bo safely con-
structed; whether the foundation would besecure;
next whether these dams of sufficient height to
cause slack, water navigation would at the same
time cause inundations, and injure the surround-
ing country—just one of those questions which
the Government has been examining and deciding
for the people since its first organization. There
is nothing new in the measure, nothing unreason-
able in it; it proposes no new principle; and so
far as I can discover there is 110 constitutional
question involved. If it be that we have not the
constitutional right to appropriate this small sum
of money towards the improvement of a river so
eminently national in all its characteristics, and
bo whle-spreadjng in its beneficial consequences,
then, sir, the Constitution of the United States has
been most essentially broken up long ago. I am
content to adopt what has been the uniform prac-
tice of Congress. I am aware that it may reason-
ably be said that the peculiar relation which I
bear to this question may influence my judgment.
I have no doubt that it does; but before arriving
at a conclusion as to what was my duty, I did
not neglect to inquire what had been the" policy
heretofore pursued.
Seven or eight States of this Union—embracing
nearly half its whole population—are concerned
in this question. The Ohio, with its tributaiies",
is directly connected with this large number of
States. Nor is this a question which concerns
merely the States along the Ohio river—those
who produce its commerce and tonnage—butit is
interesting to the commercial cities of the Atlan-
tic. It is therefore so general, so universal in its
character, that if there be any measure of this
Kind admissible because of its public character,
this is one which we can fairly consider and
adopt.
Mr. JOHNSON". I am satisfied, sir, that at
the present time this subjcct is unwelcome to the
Senate. In my own judgment there is not such
a support for the measure as to afford any rea-
sonable hope of carrying it through Congress.
I do not mean to say a single word as to the
laerits of the measure itself, but I know that there
are other measures before the Senate of consid-
erable interest, which ought to be acted upon, and
Which there is some hope of disposing of. I do
not think gentlemen should persist in the up-hill
business of attempting to carry such a measure
as this in the last days of a session. I feel bound
to ask for the sense of the Senate on this point.
If the gentlemen who advocate the bill shall find
that a majority of the body are averse to con-
sidering and debating it now, they will hardly
deem it necessai^, to continue the discussion of it.
I think, then, I am doing nothing which is in the
slightest degiee improper, when I make a motion
which will cut off debate, and give us the sense
of the Senate on the measure, so far as its present
consideration is concerned. I move to lay the
bill on the table.
Mr. PUGH. I hope the Senator will withdraw
that motion for a few minutes. I introduced the
bill, and I think I ought to be heard.
Mr. JOHNSON. My friend from Ohio knows
how gladly I would oblige him, but I cannot do
so on this occasion; I said nothing on the merits
of the measure.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
withdraw his motion for the present?
Mr. JOHNSON. I have already declined to
withdraw it for a friend whom I would like to
accommodate.
Mr. WADE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 18, nays 24; as follows:
. YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Biggs, Butler, Clay, Fitzpatrick,
Green, Houston, Hunter, Jvctson, Johnson, Jones of Ten-
nessee, Mallory, Mason, Keid, Kusk, Toombs, Toucey,
and Yulee—18. ®
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, !3ell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Benjamin, Biyler, Brodhead, Collamer, Crit-
tenden, Dodge, Duikee, Fish, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Harlan,
Jones of Iowa. Nourse, Push. Seward, Stuart, Thomson of
New Jersey, Trumbull, Wade, and Weller—24.
So the Senate refused to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, I voted to lay
this bill 011 the table, and I suppose it may be
necessary that I should explain why I so voted,
and why I stand in opposition to the bill. I do
it for this reason: Every argument that has been
advanced in favor of the bill has been predicated
alone upon the idea that the improvement of the
navigation of the Ohio river would inure to the
benefit of commerce, and to the advantage of cer-
tain cities. I say every argument of the honor-
able Senator from Pennsylvania has been predi-
cated upon that idea; and although he assumes that
no gentleman doubts the constitutional right of
Congress to appropriate money for that purpose,
I, for one, choose to doubt it. I deny the right.
While custom is urged, and precedent is brought
to bear, all I have to say in reply both to custom
and to precedent is, that I have taken an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States,
and I will support it in the General Jackson sense,
as I understand it; and I can find no constitu-
tional authority in Congress, and myself, as an
humble member of it, to vote a solitary dollar of
the public money to benefit commerce, or to ben-
efit Cincinnati, or Louisville, or any other city.
I can finfl authority to maintain and support a
navy, and to raise and support armies; and where
ever the necessary effect of improving harbors
and improving rivers would be a judicious ex-
penditure of money in providing and supporting
a navy, I will vote the money cheerfully; but
when the ground of the expenditure is put exclu-
sively on the fact that it will benefit commerce,
build up cities, improve localities, I will not vote
for it.
I know, sir, that it is the report of the best en-
gineers of this Government that $3,900,000—and
I want to have the numbers taken down—have
been appropriated and expended upon the Ohio
river; and that in the opinion of those engineers
it has resulted in more injury than benefit to the
navigation of the Ohio river. I know, also, that
the proposition of the gentleman, whose name is
incorporated into this bill, is to bottle up the snows
and the dews and the rams of the Alleghany
Mountains, and pour them out as occasion may
seem to require, into the Ohio, so as to increase
the flood of that river, and give it navigable qual-
ities at all seasons. Whether that be feasible or
not is not the question for me to consider; there
is another question—what right have I to take
the people's money and appropriate it for that
purpose? If I were to ask this Government
to appropriate #100,000 for the beat plow, to
pay for the patent of Mr. Charles Newbold, of
Mr. Jethro Wood, or Mr. Bledsoe, or any other
patent for grain-cutters or anything advanta-
geous to the agricultural interest, the first ques-
tion would be, "Where is your right to take
money out of the Federal Treasury for the benefit
of agriculture ? You have a specific right to grant
to inventors the exclusive privilege of using their
inventions for a certain term, but the admission
of that right is a denial of all others." You have
no right to interfere with commerce except to
regulate it. You may provide ports; you may
fix the rate at which vessels shall be received;
you may provide tonnage duties; but you cannot
dig a canal merely for commercial purposes; and
if you cannot dig a canal merely for commercial
purposes, neither can you make the Ohio river a
canal. It must still be the Ohio river. If private
enterprises—if the States interested,or individuals
in the States see proper to associate together their
wealth and energy to make that what nature never
designed it to be, a navigable river—not frozen
up one half the year and dry the other, as John
Randolph said—but a navigable river useful for
the purposes of commerce, let them do it; but if
this i'ederal Government attempts to do it, I pro-
test against it as a part of the tax-paying constit-
uency of this Government. If we cannot make
the improvement, why take the initiatory step for
it; why provide for the survey; why take those •
steps which must lead to it either in the consum-
mation or in the wasteful expenditure of money?
Perhaps, Mr. President, it may be asked, will
you vote for no appropriation for western rivers?
Yes, I will. On what ground ? To benefit com-
merce or build up the city of St. Louis? No;
not one dollar will I vote for St. Louis, not one
dollar for Jefferson City, not one dollar for any
city, for any individual, or for any association
of individuals. The question may be asked on
what ground, then, will you vote it? If I ever do9
it will be voted exclusively on this ground, that the
Government having to provide for the support of
armies must make use of rivers in the transpor-
tation of troops and military stores, and in that
use can save as much as and more than the ex-
penditure.
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him at this point?
Mr. GREEN. Certainly.
Mr. BIGLER. Most undoubtedly he does not
intend to exclude the Army from the Ohio river.
Mr. GREEN. By 110 means.
Mr. BIGLER. The same improvements that
would answer the purposes of commerce will an-
swer the purposes of the Army. On that point
the Senator will agree with me. He is for im-
proving western rivers with the view of trans-
porting the Army: will he say that when they are
so improved, commerce will not be transported;
that the results to commerce are not desirable,
and will not be highly beneficial ? It is very true
that I did not interpose the argument partly or
exclusively in favor of the transportation of the
Army; but the Senator will not deny that, in the
case of a necessity for the transportation of the
Army, it will be very necessary to have the Ohio
river improved for that purpose. We shall cer-
tainly need more water at certain seasons, accord-
1 ing to his own showing, and less ice at others,
i Mr. GREEN. The interruption of the honor-
j able Senator from Pennsylvania creates no diffi-
i culty whatever. I had anticipated all he has said
- and more. I was answering the argument which
! he made. His argument was that it would be
I beneficial to the commerce of the great valley of
j the Ohio, and to the cities along the banks of the
I Ohio. My argument was directed to his, and was
■ this: that we have no constitutional right wliat-
| ever t.o build up cities or benefit commerce, except
| in the exercise of that constitutional power which
j says that we may regulate commerce with foreign
I nations, and among the several States; and that
| power to regulate commerce does not and cannot
i include the power to improve a harbor, or a river;
! for if it did it would give a preference to one over
| another, and the Constitution positively says that
1 no regulation of commerce shall give a preference
j to th °ports of one State over those of another.
| It is utterly impossible, in the nature of things, to
• make an improvement of a harbor or river^ ior
! the purpose of affecting commerce, that wilrnot
{ inure
directly to the benefit of one locality over
