THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
when we ask from them not so much money as
has been appropriated already by this Govern-
ment to survey a river in South America? Why
is it that the Ohio river is to alarm us, and the
bill for the survey of the Atcliafalaya river could
pass without dissent—a river down which no boat
could pass unless in high water?
Mr. BOTLER. It is not in South Carolina.
Mr. PUGH. I did not say it was in South
Carolina, though we did appropriate as much
money as this for South Carolina—a great deal
more for the Savannah river.
Mr. BUTLER. That is not in South Carolina.
Mr. PUGH. It is as much in South Carolina
as the Ohio river is in the State of Ohio. It
bounds it. I do not wish to debate the question
of internal improvements. It has been discussed
enough in the Senate. I do not propose to debate
it again.
I say the proposition now is simply to ascertain
facts; to have a survey of the tributaries of the
Ohio river, to see whether this be a Quixotic
proposition or not. If it is Quixotic, it will be
dropped; but I am sure this amount of money
can be as well expended in ascertaining the con-
dition of our own country as it can be in ascer-
taining the condition of Japan, or South America,
or the Arctic regions.
I say again that I do not believe, from as much
as I have seen of the proposition, that I shall be
able to vote for an act of Congress to construct a
single one of these reservoirs—certainly not, if
they are to be made in the States of New York
and Pennsylvania and Virginia—certainly not,
if they are to involve anything connected with the
States; but after we have ascertained the facts, if
I think the proposition is feasible within a rea-
sonable cost, 1 can bring in a bill, or some other
Senator can do it, to authorize these States to
make an agreement among themselves under the
Constitution by which they can administer it-arid
levy duties on tonnage with a view to pay the
expenses. I am sure there have been bills enough
for surveys passed without objection. If I had
supposed for a moment that' the questions to
which the honorable Senator from Missouri al-
luded were properly involved in this bill, I should
certainly not have brought it in at this session.
It is a simple bill to ascertain certain facts—a bill
which passed the ordeal of a select committee of
"the Senate on a full examination, unanimously
reported by both those who believed in a lati-
tudinous and those who believe in a strict con-
struction; and it was never supposed before, I
venture to say, that the constitutional question
could be made in any part of it.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to correct the Senator. I
understood him to say that this bill was unani-
mously reported.
Mr. PUGH. No, sir; I say the one reported
from the select committee before was.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, the question
now presented is one which, m my judgment,
affects deeply the policy of the Government; and
if it wvre the first one proposed it would probably
receive more of the attention of the country than
it does now; but I say this is going further than
any proposition which I have noticed heretofore
befoie the Senate of the United States. I have
understood that the great channels of commerce,
the Mississippi and Ohio, and a few other large
rivers, were considered by many as proper to be
regulated by appropriations of money from the
federal Treasury. But, sir, I see here a project
not lo let the Ohio run, according to the common
law, aqua currit ut debet currere; but to subject
it to these obstructions or conduits according to
tnft judgment of man. I say we are thus under-
taking tnc province of God. Suppose it should
be demonstrated that Espy could regulate the
clouds, and it was proposed here to make an ap-
propriation from the Federal Treasury for that
purpose: would I trust Espy—would I trust any
man to regulate them ? Am I to trust to man to
regulate the Ohio river? I might be willing to
trust them as to its navigation, and as to the ob-
structions of the stream itself; but when you
undertake to stop up the waters of all the creeks
running into the Ohio, and turn them out at
pleasure, I say you assume a jurisdiction which
I would trust to no human tribunal whatever. If
you undertake to exercise it upon the Ohio, why
not upon the Savannah river?
Mr. PUGH. I would not object.
Mr. BUTLER. My friend says he would not
object.
Mr. PUGH. I do not object to a survey of it.
Mr. BUTLER. If gentlemen have no objec-
tion let those who want to have these experiments
made pay for them, and not come to the public
Treasury for the money. Mr. President, I wish
to see the day when this shall be a poor Govern-
ment, with a tax-paying constituency who raise
money to subserve the ends contemplated by the
Constitution. If a bill were introduced to raise
a tax of §50,000 for the purpose of allowing Mr.
Ellet to make this experiment, and the money
were to be paid out of the pockets of those inter-
ested, who would pay for it? Not I. I do not
hesitate to say, that if this Government were to
undertake to tax me for such a purpose, I would
refuse to pay the tax. I do not say this in the
spirit of John Hampden, who, when the tax gath-
erer demanded the ship money of him, said,
" Here is the shilling you ask of me; I will throw
it to the first one that may take it up, but I will
perish rather than pay it as a tax."
What right has any portion of this Confederacy
to command me to pay money against my con-
sent for what may be used as an adversary power
to me ? The power of damming up and controll-
ing the Ohio river by these tributary streams is
one of the greatest powers which one nation could
command over another. They could dam up the
waters at their pleasure, and pour them out on
those below them.
Mr. PUGH. That is what we want to pre-
vent. g
Mr. BUTLER. My friend says that is what
he wants to prevent. Well, sir, as long as I could
trust it to his honor and honesty I should be sat-
isfied; but I am not willing to trust it to rival in-
terests in this Confederacy to be used by one
against another. If you appropriate money to
dam the streams emptying into the Ohio, and to let
them out at times as you choose, who will avail
themselves of the advantages ? There will be a
contest between different vessels going up and
down. _ One will want the water, and the other
will claim it. Who is to decide? Who is to de-
cide that they shall have the water to carry the
vessel down to New Orleans to sell their wheat or
corn, or whatever tj|ey may have to sell ? I sup-
pose some of the people who are to have the con-
trol of the locks and dams. *
I do not question Mr. Eilet's genius; but I say
that if you undertake to control the current of the
Ohio by means of its tributary streams, leading
down from the mountains, I would not trust it to
any power but God. If you undertake it in this
instance, you will undertake it in all. If you do
this, why not dig canals down the mountains?
If you can obstruct these particular streams, why
not go up into the mountains and dig canals to
pour their waters down into those very tributaries
that are to make the Ohio? You are called upon
to make a dry river full when it is not filled by
the tributary streams that pour into it. How are
you to command the waters ? Simply, I suppose,
by the agency of science. I have confidence in
science, but I have not much confidence in the
wisdom of those who assume the province of
science. As long as they give out the illumina-
tions of their genius, 1 will avail myself of them,
as I would avail myself of all light; but I am not
willing to trust the policy of this Government to
an experiment which will give one portion of the
Confederacy a power hereafter, if we should ever
come into collision one with another, to control
it.
I have heretofore said, that so far as regards
the Mississippi, running north and southfit is
one of the great writings of Deity upon the earth.
It is a writing far beyond anything that I can
control. It runs from north to south, and from
south to north, passing through every climate.
To some extent I have been reconciled to open-
ing that river from the mountains down to the
sea-shore; for it has every variety of soil, every
variety of climate, and every variety of produc-
tion, and it is itself one of those great productions
of nature the claims of which we cannot resist,
because it is one of those writings that is legible
upon the earth for my instruction. But when
you trust to Mr. Ellet, or any other man, the
power of stopping up creeks with a view to regu-
late the Ohio, or any other stream, I am not will-
ing to accede to it I think it is on# of the
gravest propositions we have ever had presented
to us; and if you can assume this jurisdiction, I
know no limit to your power. I thought the
other day that the mostabsurd proposition which
had ever been introduced into the Senate wa& that
of paying somebody for inventing a cast-iron
plow more than half a century ago. That, and
this, and other measures, indicate to me what I
had stated on former occasions, that the full
Treasury of this nation has come very nearly
putting the Confederacy in jeopardy. I wish we
had a poor Treasury; and if you had to raise the
money by taxes for every one of these measures,
you would not vote the $50,000, if the money
came out of your pockets.
If the people interested in the commerce of the
Ohio wish this improvement, let them join to-
gether and make it. Let Pennsylvania, Ohio,
and Kentucky, and the other States concerned,
ask the privilege of joining in a convention for the
purpose of having power to improve the Ohio.
I am willing to vote for giving them that author-
ity.
Mr. PUGH. That would put it in our power
to flood the southern States, which you say we
are in danger of doing.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not think I would give
the power to that extent.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator said he would vote
for a bill of that kind. Now, I wish to ascertain
whether he will vote for such a bill?
Mr. BUTLER. I might.
Mr. PUGH. If my friend will vote for such a
bill, the very dangers he has apprehended may
follow; and if he will not vote for it, but leave
things as they now are, they are sure to happen.
He will neither allow us to do it nor let the Gov-
ernment do it. He will subject us to this mis-
fortune because we happen to live north of Mason
and Dixon's line.
Mr. BUTLER,. No, sir, not at all. I do not
believe yon have water enough in these creeks to
overflow anybody.
Mr. PUGH. _ It happens almost every year.
If the Senator will read the telegraphic dispatches
of to-day, he will find that it is so now.
Mr. BUTLER. Is there enough water in these
creeks to overflow the country below?
Mr. PUGH. Of course.
Mr. BUTLER. At low water?
Mr. PUGH. The over/low is when there is
high water.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, I shall express
no constitutional scruples on this question. When
I first became a member o£ this body I ur ed sn ch
objections, but I long since learned that power
will be exercised according to the will of a major-
ity. I think, however, that equal justice should
be meted out to the different sections of the coun-
try, and therefore I rise for the purpose of offer-
ing an amendment to insert44 the Alabama and
Tombigbee riveis"in this bill, immediately after
the words, "Ohio river." The Alabama and
Tombigbee float on their bosoms not less than
five hundred thousand bales of cotton annually;
I am not distinct in my recollection as to the pre-
cise number. During the summer season, there
is as great inconvenience on these rivers as on the
Ohio. Surely, they are as important to a very
large extent of country as is the Ohio river to an-
other portion of the country, although the region
in the one ^ase is not as great as in the other.
The Tombigbee is navigable for steamboats not
less than five hundred miles, the Alabama, about
the same distance. Notwithstanding all the taxes
paid by the people trading upon these rivers, as
far as I know, on the Tombigbee at all events,
not one dollar has ever been appropriated either
for surveying or improving them. No rivers in
the United States could be better or more advan-
tageously improved than these rivers*. Why others
should be selected and these excluded I am unable
to say.
Mr. PUGH. Allow me to make a suggestion.
My people are interested in the head waters of the
Ohio river; but we cannot survey in the State of
Virginia, or the State of Pennsylvania, or the State -
of New York. The head waters of tiie Senator
from Mississippi's streams are in that State. ILs
people can survey them. If you will give me the
right to go into the States, and survey the tnbu-
tanes of the Ohio, I have no objection—it is of
such consequence to my people, that they can
afford to do it; but you will neither let us go there
