640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10.
purpose of ascertaining its susceptibility of im-
provement. Iam surprised, too, atmy honorable
friend from Mississippi, [Mr. Adams,) whose
State and whose shores are constantly visited by
the commerce that comes down this river. It is the
Mississippi there; but the Ohio contributes her
portion of its waters and her portion of its mighty
commerce. If each particular river is to be the
subject of controversy, we are only adding to our
difficulties by the amendment that he proposes,
adding two other rivers, one lying perfectly in a
single State—rivers passing through one State,
emptying into the ocean. I consider that he
ought to regard it as settled, that these great
channels of commerce, rivers bordering upon and
washing the shores of half a dozen States of this
Union—Virginia,Kentucky, Pennsylvania,Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois—are very properly to be con-
sidered proper and constitutional objects for im-
provement by this Government.
Mr. TOOMBS obtained the floor.
Mr. BUTLER. My friend will allow me to
make an explanation. I do not wish to have
anything go out that would have even the appear-
ance of profanity. I know my friend from Ken-
tucky would not put me in that predicament.
What I meant to say was, that I thought, as to
these great highways, rivers which the Deity had
made, as far as they were to be washed or regu-
lated,perhaps man should notinterfere with them.
I objected—and that was really the objection—
that we undertook to make streams by damming
them up. I thought it was rather against Mr.
Calhoun's notions. He viewed the Mississippi,
anditwasonly the Mississippi of which hespoke,
as an inland sea. I do not think he meant to re-
gard one of these little Chickasaw streams up there
as an inland sea.
Mr. CHITTENDEN. I hope no remark of
mine will give the Senator the least offense.
Mr. B^SCLER. It might look that way, but I
did not nMPn that.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I rather intended what
I said as a reply to other parts of the argument
more gravely urged. I did not understand him
as urging gravely the argument to which I re-
ferred, but the ground covered other objections.
He seemed to think this increase in the waters of
the Ohio might permit an ascending boat to be
obstructed, and a descending boat advanced. I
> «m sure the honorable gentleman will, upon a
little reflection, see that is not so. All we want
is such on improvement as will give us water
enough for a boat to pass over the shallow places
—the shoals, as they are called. An ascending boat
requires that as much as a descending one. Both
need it. When the river is very high, the water
. passes over your dams; they aic unsafe; there is
the difficulty. But theie could be no difficulty
to any bout whatever ascending or descending
from the increase of water. That is not possible.
As for overflowing the country, these dams would
not contribute in the slightest degree to that, as he
will see on the least reflection. Your dams must
be of great height for that object. They would
only be hi h enough to afford the water necessary
to pass tire shallow places, equally useful to as-
cending- and descending boats.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President 
Mr. BIGLER. With the permission of the
gentleman iiom Georgia 
, The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Georgia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I beg leave to say one
word.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am perfectly willing to hear
these gentlemen. They have given the question
such a dignity that I wish to reply to them; they
can keep the floor as long as they choose.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If my friend from South
Carolina thinks there could be an interpretation
that my remarks were intended to be disrespect-
ful and unkind, I wish to say to all, I retract them.
Mr. BUTLER. I know my friend intended
nothing.of the Ijind; but he is one of the con-
script fathers of the Republic, occupying a curial
chair, and what he says characterizing my re-
marks, might go out as imputing to me the lan-
guage of profanity.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Not at all.
Mr. IVERSON. As the hour is late, I will,
with my colleague's permission, move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. SlllDELL. I hope the Senator will give
way to a motion to proceed to the consideration
of executive business which will not occupy five
minutes. >
Mr. IYERSON. I yield for that purpose.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business:
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 10, 1857.
The Housemetateleveno'clock.a. m, Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. THORINGTON. There evidently is no
quorum present; and I move that there be a call
of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was accordingly called; and the fol-
lowing members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Aiken, Ball, Barclay, Bell, Billinghurst, Bocoek,
Bowie, Boyee, Broom, Burlingame, Burnett, Cadwalader,
James II. Campbell, Bayaid Clarke, Howell Cobb,Counns,
Crawford, Cullen, Davidson, Ilenry Winter Davis. Jacob
C. Davis, lie Witt, Dick, Dowdell, Durfee, Edie, Edmund-
son, Edwards, Elliott, Emrie, liustis, Evans, Florence,
Foster, Henry M. Puller, Galloway, Garnett, Guiding,
Gilhprr, Goode, Grow, Tliomas L. Harris, Hickman, Hoff-
man, Holloway, Thomas R. Ilorton, Valentine B. Horton,
Hughston, Jeweit, Keitt, Kelsey, Kulwell, King, linowl-
ton, Knox, Kunkel, Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander R.
Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Malteson, MeUarty, Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller, Millward, Moore, Morrill, Moriison,
Mott, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packei,Paine, Peaice J?elton,
Pennington, Pettit, Phelps, Purvianee, Puryear, umtman,
Ilitelne, Rivers, Roberts, Uobison,Rust, Sandidge, Savage,
Sherman, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Sneed, Spinner,
Stephens, Swope, Tappan, Taylor, Tyson, Warner, Cad-
walader C. Washburne, Watkms, Welch, Weils, Wood-
worth, Daniel B. Wnght, and John V. Wright.
Mr. VALK stated that his colleague, Mr.
Bayard Clarke, was detained at home by ill-
ness.
One hundred and twenty-five members having
answered to their names,
Mr. SAPP moved that all further proceedings
under the call be dispensed with.
Mr. McMULLIN demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and n^ys were not ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Sapp's motion;
and it was agreed to.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and
approved.
FRANCIS DAINF.SE.
Mr. KELLY, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tile President of the United States be, and
he is lieieby, requested to furnish to this House, together
with the pnper^ called tor by the resolution ot'tlie 6th instant
in refeienee to the bill now pending for the relief of Francis
Dainese, late consul at Constantinople, a copy of all of the
coriespondcnce of the said Francis Dainese jn the files of
the Depaitmcnts of State and Treasury, in regard to his ac-
counts and claims, and to the violation of his consular of-
fice, and all papers and certificates on file in relation to the
same, and the conduct of the several persons charged with
such violation and their acts of hostility to lnm ; and also
all the concspondence of the said Francis Dainese on the
files of tlu: said Depai tments in regard to the accounts and
claims of Gcmge P. Marsh, late minister, and John P Brown,
dragoman, at Constantinople, and all papers and certificates
in relation to the same, and to the subsequent action of the
said George P. Mar-^h, Brown, and other persons in regard
to the said Francis Dainese, and ail other papers relating to
the difficulties above referred to.
JOINT RESOLUTION OF MASSACHUSETTS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, presented a joint resolution of the Legis-
lature of Massachusetts, concerning the proposed
repeal of the cod-fishing bounties; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS, ETC.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of House bill (No.
387) establishing the collection districts of the
United States, and designating the ports of entry
and ports of delivery in the same, and for other
purposes.
Mr. HOUSTON. Would it be in order to
move to suspend the rules, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It would not, as the main
question is ordered on the pending bill. *
Mr. ZOLL1COFPER. Is it in order to move
to indefinitely postpone this bill ?
The SPEAKER. It is hot in order.
Mr. KIDWELL. I ask the unanimous con-,
sent 6f the House for leave to present a Supple-
mentary minority report from the select commit-
tee on the Pacific railroad, in order that it may
be printed.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I object, and call
for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is on
the substitute proposed by the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Fuller.] It will be read by the
Clerk.
The Clerk proceeded to read the substitute.
Mr. WALKER. Is it in order to move to
postpone the reading of this bill until Monday
next?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, unless by
unanimous consent. The previous question has
been sustained.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I object. Gentle-
men yesterday refused to dispense with the read-
ing of this lengthy substitute, and I am now dis-
posed to satisfy them.
Mr. SNEED. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the House refused to dispense with the
reading of this bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's motion ia
not in order; the motion yesterday was to sus-
pend tho rules in order to dispense with the read-
ing of the substitute.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the House ordered the
mam question to be put.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I demand the yeas
and nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Was not that motion
made and laid on the table yesterday ?
The SPEAKER. It was not.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. What will be the effect
of a reconsideration of the vote by which the main
question was ordered ?
The SPEAKER. It is difficult for the Chair
tp state what will be the effect of votes of the
House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table; and upon
that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Is it in order
now to move to lay the whole subject upon the
table ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 67, nays 97; as follows: -
YEAS — Messrs. Allison, Barbour, Bell, Bliss, Branch,
Buffinton, Burhngame, Carlile, Carutbers, Ezra Clark,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cragm, Damrell, Day, Denver,
Dodd, Emrie, English, Etheridge, Thomas J. II. Fuller,
Galloway, Granger, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Robert B.
Hall, Harlan, Herbert, Hodges. Jewett, Kelly, Kennett,
Knapp, Knowltoil, Knox, Humphrey Marshall, Maxwell,
McCarty, Killian Miller, Milhvaid, Morrill, Nichols, Parker,
Peck, Porter. Ruffin,Sabm, Sage, Seward, Sherman, Spin-
ner, Stewart, Stranahan, Tappan, Thorington, Thurston,
Todd, Vail, Vulk, Wade, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wash-
• burne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watkins,
Waison, Williams, and Woodruff—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Alters, Albright, Allen, Ball. Barksdale,
Henry Bennett, Ilendley S. Bennett, Benson, Bingham,
Bishop, Boyce, Bradshaw, Brenton, Burnett, John P.
Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Caskie, Chaffee, dawson,
Chngman, Colfax, Covode, Cox, Craigo, Cuniback, David-
son, Jacob C. Davis, Dean, Dick, Dickson, Dunn, Edwards,
Henry M. Fuller, Garnett, Gilbert, J. Morrison Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Hamsun, Haven, Hickman, Hoffman,
Holloway, Thomas it. Ilorton, Houston, Howard, Hughs-
ton, Geoige W. Jones, J. Glancy jones, Kidwell, Knight,
Kunkel, Lake, Letter, Letcher, Lumpkin, Mace, Samuel
S. Marshall, McMulhn, MeCiueenJ Smith Miller, Mdlson,
Moore, Morgan, Murray, Norton, Pamc, Peiton, Perry,
Pike, Powell, Pringle, Puryear, Reade, Ready, Ricaud,
Robbms, Rust, Sandidge, Sapp, Scott, Shorter, Simmons,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William K. bmitn,
Sneed, Stanton, Talbott, Tiafton, Trippe, Underwood,
Waibndge, Walker, Wheeler, Whitney, Wood, and Zoilt-
coffer—97.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
Pending the call,
Mr. KUNKEL stated that Mr. Purviance was
detained from the House ill consequence of sick-
ness in his family
Mr. NICHOLS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Mott, was detained from the House by sick-
ness.
Mr. ENGLISH stated that Mr. Evans
