   !■  I „...,  „i r,,    
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOyN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
.WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1857.
New Seribs...,No. 41. i
unable to be present in the House on account of
'sickness.
Mr. FLORENCE stated thathe was accident-
ally absent when his name was called; and had
fie been present, he should have voted in the
affirmative.
The question recurred upon the motion to re-
consider the vote by which the main question was
ordered.
Mr. PULLER, of Maine. I desire to pro-
pound .a question to the Chair. If the House
should reconsider the vote, would it be in order
to move to postpone the reading of the bill?
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order.
; . Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the Chair this ques-
tion: if the House should reconsider, would it
not be in ordftr to move to commit the bill to the
Committee of the Whole, or some other motion
'of that sort ?
The SPEAKER. If the House should recon-
sider the vote by which the main question was
ordered, and should also reconsider the vote
Seconding the previous question, it would be in
order to postpone or commit, as the House should
desire.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
House will reconsider the vote by which the main
question was ordered; and then I suggest that the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Puller] move to
postpone the further consideration of the bill until
Monday next.
" The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays are or-
dered upon the pending motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
'Call for the yeas and nays will be withdrawn.
The call for the yeas and nays was withdrawn
by general consent.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Before the question is
put upon the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the main question was ordered, I ask the
indulgence of the House to permit me to make a
single remark.
The SPEAKER. The gentlgpian will proceed
if there be no objection.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. We are very much
pressed for time. If the House intend to consider
this bill at all, here is as good a place to make a
test vote as any other—here upon the question
Whether they will reconsider the vote ordering
the main question to be put. If the House will
determine upon such test vote that they do not
want to consider this bill at this session, I sug-
gest that the gentleman from Maine ought not to
press it further on account of the state of the busi-
ness of the House; and I suggest to the House
that we take a test vote at this point, and upon
this question.
Mr. PULLER, of Maine. I concur in the re-
marks of the gentleman from Kentucky; and all
'I desire is to have an expression of the House
Upon this bill, for it is obvious that such a test has
not been had. If it is the wish of a majority of
the House not to act upon this bill, I certainly do
not wish to press it.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. I move to lay the bill
upon the table; and upon that motion I call for
the yeas and nays. That will give us a test ques-
tion.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to move to
lay the bill upon the table before the question on
the reconsideration is put? •
The SPEAKER. The call for the previous
^tjuestion is an incidental question, and a motion
to lay upon the table takes precedence in the order
of business.
■ The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PULLER, of Maine. I call for the yeas
and nays upon the motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
^ the motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. PULLER, of Maine. I supposed that the
next vote in order would be upon the motion to
Reconsider the vote by which the main question
■was ordered. The sense of the House might as
well be tested upon that question as upon the
motion to lay upon the table.
-Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I withdraw the mo-
41
tion to lay upon the table; anc^ as we have the
yeas and nays ordered upon the other, let that
be the test question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Suppose wc-take
a vote upon the motion to reconsider, and the
House refuse to reconsider: that does not decide
the question.
Mr. CLINGMAN If we do reconsider, I
understand the gentleman from Maine proposes
to abandon the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair suggests that the
difficulty arises upon the reading of the bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. At the suggestion of gen-
tlemen I renew the motion to lay'upon the table;
rfnd upon it I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suggest to the
gentleman from North Carolina that he let the
vote be taken upon the reconsideration—the de-
mand for the yeas and nays upon that motion
having been withdrawn — and if the House de-
termines to reconsider, then make a test question
upon ordering the main question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I adopt that suggestion,
if the demand for the yeas and nays has been
withdrawn upon the motion to reconsider. '
The SPEAKER. The difficulty arises from
the necessity of reading the bill; and a test ques-
tion on the motion to lay upon the table does not
decide the question as to reading. The Chair asks
to be relieved from that difficulty.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I was not aware lhut the
reading was called for upon the motion to lay
upon the table.
The yeas and nays were then ordered upon the
motion to lay upon the table.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The ques-
tion is upon the-motion to lay upon the*tabic. I
hope the gentleman will withdraw that motion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If I could get the consent
of the House, and if I could understand that the
friends of the bill agree that, if we reconsidcr the
vote ordering the main question, they would con-
sider it a test of the sense of .the House not to act
upon the bill, and they would no longer press it,
I would as soon have it in that/ shape as any
other.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the House
reconsider the vote, the gentleman from Maine
will, I understand, move to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until Monday next.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to the gentleman from Maine, and to the gentle-
man from North Carolina, that a vote upon the
motion to reconsider, or oh the motion to lay upon
the table, cannot be n. test vote, because members
will vote against action upon the bill now who
ultimately will vote for it. I want the bill to go
to the Committee -of the Whole on the state of
the Union, or to have its consideration postponed
to some future time, so that members may have
an opportunity to examine it. If it were in order,
I should move to commit it to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I adheie to my mo-
tion.
Mr. BURNETT. If the House refuse to re-
consider the vote ordering the main question, will
we then get rid of the reading of tSiM bill?
The SPEAKER. Certainly not.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I do not see how we
are to accomplish anything by the motion which
the gentleman from North Carolina makes m the
way of saving time, if we are to have the bill
read through.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the bill be laid on the
table, that will end it.
Mr. BURNETT. I want to appeal to the gen-
tleman who called for the reading of the bill to
withdraw that call; and if the House decide to
consider the matter at this time, let uff dispose of
it at once without the reading of the bill.
The question was taken on Mr, Clingman's
motion; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 96, nays 85; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Akers, Albright, Allen, Ball, Barksdale,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bliss, Bocock. Boyce, Brad&lmw,
Brenron, Burnett, John p. Campbell, Oarlile, Chaflfep,
Clingman, Williamson II. W. Cobb, Colfax- CovOde/OSx,
Craige. Crawford, Cmnback, Davifeon, Jueob O. Davis
r< ' Dunn, Edwards, Flaglor, Oarnott,
Goods, Granger, 1. Morrison Hants, SanipsSn W. Harris
Harmon, Haven, Hickman, Hoffman, Holloway, Thomas
R. Horton, Valentine B. Uorton, Houston, Howard, Elugh?-
ton, Geotgo W. Jones, J, Glancy Jones. Knight, Knox,
.Kunkel,Lakft, Loiter, Letcher, Lumpkin, lfaacfi,McMullin,
McQueen, Mouii', Morgan, Murray., Norton, Andrew Oli-
ver, P.ime, PfUon. Perry, Vettit, i>ike, Piingle, Purvear,
Quitman, lieady, llicaud, ftohhms, Rust, Sandicta, Stipp,
Savage, Stionej, Bunmojis, Samuel A. gnfiih. William K-
Smith,-Sneed, TaJhott, Taylor,/f rafton, Tripne, (Jndct-
wood, Walhiidsp, Waldion, Walker, Wheeler, Whitnev,
Wood, Woodworih, and Zoiliooil'er—96.
NAYS—Mesvi!.. Aiken. Altiston, Barbour, Bell, Benson,
Bingham, Jitaneh, BnHinton, Burbngame,Lewis D. Camp-
bell, CaiuUiei!#, Caskie, Ezia Claik, Clawson, Howell
Cobb, Comms,Ciagtn, Damrell, Timothy Davis, J)ay, Den-
ver, Do Witt, Dickson, DurfVe, Emne, English, EtlWidce,
Florcncc, Henry M Fuller, Thomas J. D. Puller, Galloway,
Gilbert, Gicomvoori. Augustus* Hall, Robert B- Hall, Harlan,
Herbeit, UojM^fevvm. Kelly, Kcnnett. Kidweil, Knapp,
Knowlton, flHlu-ey Marshall. Samuel S. Marshall*Max-
well, MeC:ury^vil!mn Miller, Smith Miller, Millson, Mill
ward, Moruli, NiehoN, Mordecai Oliver, Parker, Peck,
Porter. KufHn, Sabm, S.ijre, Scott, Seward, Sherman, Wil-
liam Smith, Spinnei,Siantoi>, Stewart. Stranahan,Tappan,
Thormgfon, Thurston, Todd, Vail, Valk, Wade, CadtVal-
ader C. Wa^hbutne, Eihhu B. Washburne, Israel Wash-
bum, Watkins Watson, Wells, Williams, Winslow, afid
Woodruff—85.
So the bill was laid on the tabic.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved toreconsidcrthevote
by which the bill was laid upon the table, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
SUBMARINE TELEGRAPH.
The SPEAKER stated the question next in
order to be the act (S. No. 493) to expedite tele-
graphic communication for the uses of the Gov-
ernment in its foreign intercourse. The pending
question being on Mr. Mace's motion to commit
the bill to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads; on which the previous question liad
been called.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have been re-
quested by the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr.
Pf.nniv(,tov^ who' has been called home by
domestic affliction, to withdraw the amendment?
proposed by him to the bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I suppose that it is
within the option of the House to suffer the amend-
ment to be withdrawn or not. My own inclina-
tion is that I should renew the amendment. I
wish to have it reported.
Mr. Pennington's amendment was road, as
follows:
In the tvvfiiiv-Mx'tli line, stnke out the words <*fora
period of liity >eais," and insert in lieu thereof the word",
" at all and m the twenty-rfiiuh line, strike out the
woid  '* the contiact t o," and insert the words u all con-
tracts."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the bill upon tho table.
Mr. WALKER. I object to the withdrawal
of the amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I suppose that it can-
not be withdrawn without unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. It would be competent for
the gentleman from New Jersey himself to with-
draw his amendment at this stage of the proceed-
ings. He has authorized the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw it in his absence; and if objec-
tion be made, the Chair will submit the question
to the House.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I make no question as
to his having given authority to the gentleman
from Ohio. 1 do not object on that account.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The gentleman
from New Jersey was called home ,by domestic
affliction, and authorized me, as he could not'be
here himself, to withdraw his amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to say that I
make no question as to the request of the gentle-
man from New Jersey to substitute the gentleman
from Ohio for himself. The question which I
make is, whether the'amendment can be with-
drawn without unanimous consent ?
The SPEAKER. It Unquestionably can be
withdrawn, as no action hag been taken upon it.
It is the right of the gentleman from New Jersey
to withfhw;hH'amen<1mem. -
