642
THE CONGRESSKpAI/ GLOBE.
February 10,
Mr. UNDETtWOOD. Then have I not the
rfehi to <>$**• tftat amendment again ?
^The SPEAKER. It cannot be done while the
call for f lie previous question is pending.
Mr. McMULLI X. Do I understand the Chair
as deriding that the gentleman from Ohio can
wuhdr;>w the amendment offered, by the gentle-
WEtn from New Jersey?
,/ -TheSPE\KER. The gentleman from New
Jersey would have a right, if he were here, to
•withdraw his amendment; and the gentleman
from Ohio ran do so on stating that he has been
authorized to withdraw it.
Mi*. McMULLlN. The question is, whether
the gentlemanfrom New Jersey can withdraw it
.by proxy ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
stated, that if objection be made, the Chair will
submit the question to the House as to whether
the gentleman from Ohio can withdraw the amend-
ment or not, on the authority stated.
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 object.
Mr. BISHOP. My colleague regretted very
much the necessity which compelled him to leave,
and authorized the gentleman from Ohio to with-
draw his amendment. He would bdRwithdrawn
it hiMs«lf if he had been preserfw^I hope the
House will allow it to be withdrawn.
The qnesnon was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative
So Mr. Pennington's amendment was with-
drawn.
The question recurred on Mr. Washburne's
motion to lay the bill on the table; and being put,
it was disagreed to.
Mr. McCARTY called for tellers on seconding
the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McCartf
and Faulkner were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes fifty-two, noes not counted.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; and on that I ask the previous
question.
Mr. FAULKNER. If it be in order now, I
renew the amendment withdrawn by the gentle-
man from New Jersey, [Mr. Penninoton.]
The SPEAKER. It is not in order at this
time, ^
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. If the previous
Question be sustaii.ed, will that bring us to a
irect vote on the bill ?
The SPEAKER. The question will be first
on the motion to commit, and then on the bill
itself.
Mr. SHERMAN. I appeal to the gentleman
from Tennessee to withdraw the oc Ii for the pre-
vious question, in order to enable me to offi-r an
amendment,
Mi'. JONES, o£ Tennessee. I withdraw the
call for the previous question, and move to commit
the bill to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads; and then I renew the call fo? the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. That motion is pending.
Mi*. H. MARSHALL. I want to know whether
the question on seconding the previous question
was not the last thinir put' The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Maui:] moved to refer the bill to the
Cnnmmee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and called the previous question.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. The question has been
changed^. The motion to refer to the Committee
o? the Whole on the state of the Union has been
s> m.ide.
Mr. 11 MARSHALL. Thatmotion was with-
drawn by the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. ('OHM, of Georgia. It was not withdrawn,
and is M;;i nending.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nes we wtthdi mv the call for the previous question,
and uls i the morion to refer to the Committee of
the Whole oil the .state of the Union.
All JONES, or Tennessee. The Chair is mis-
taken, i did not withdraw the motion to refer to
the Committee of the Whole on the stale of the
The'SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question. The gentleman from Tennessee moves
t'i ivfer the bHI to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and calls f.)r the pre-
vious The question will be first on sec-
onding the callforthe previous question;' then on^j
ordering the main question to be put; then on the jj
motion to refer to the Committee of the Whole
dn the state of the Union; then on the motion of
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Mace] to refer
the bill to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads; and then on the bill itself.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I appeal to the
gentleman from Tennessee to withdraw the call
for the previous question, in order that I may
offer an amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. No motion to
amend is in order pending a motion to commit.
Mr. II. MARSHALL demanded tellers on the
second.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Thoring-
ton and Shorter were appointed.
The House divided; nnd the tellers reported—
ayes 86, noes 36.
So the previous question was seconded.
The mam question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays on the motion to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 82, nays 103; as follows:
YEAS—Mo^if. Aker*, Alien, Bail, Harbour, Barksdalo.
Bell, Kemiloy S. Bennett, Boeoeii, Boyce, lirad-shaw,
Uraneli, Dutm'tr. John P. Campbell, CarhJe, Ca^kie, Wil-
liamson It VV Cobb, Oj.iiae, Cia.viotd, Davidson, Day,
n Dovvdeil, Dunn, Emrie, E'Jieriugo, Fauiknci. Garnett,
j| Good*). Gieetnvood, AugasUM Hall, liat'an, Sampson \V.
il Hairjj, flickm.ui, Hofi'tiian, Thnuiri> It. llortun, Houston,
i i B ('glisten, J ewer i. George VV. Jones?. J. Gla iey Joiig-j, Ken-
I | nctt. Kidwell, La^c, Leicher, Lumpkm, Humphrey Mar-
Si shall, Mavweilj McQueen, riirmh filler, MiiJ&on, Morrill,
1 NiCisoI-:, Monkcai Oliver, Fame. Powell, Puryear, Quit-
man, Heady, lluiiin, ltust, Sanduiae. Savage, Kcotu Sher-
man, Slnnier, WdUain SuiUh, Wnh'ani K. Smith, Sneed,
T-vlhott,'i\iyloi j Tbuiston, Todd,Tnppc, Underwood, Vail,
YValdion, Walk<M, Eihiiu B WashbninL',\Vatkms, Weils,
Wuialow, Daniel B. Wnght, and John V. Wright—8
NAYS-Mc.^ift. Albright, Alison, Barclay, Ilenrv Ben-
nett, Beaton, Bingiiam, Bishop, Buss, Broom, Butnnton,
Burun<raine, Lenis D. Cpiapbeii. C!iaff«re, Ezta Oiaik,
Claw-on, Coaiiii-, Covouc. Ciajnn,.t'umbaclv, Damiell,
Timothy Da\is. Dcrui, iHj Witt, Dick. D'ek-on,Dodd, Dur-
fee, Eil'v.i d- l'lr^jei. F!oicnce3 Homy M. Ftillfi. Thomaw
J. I). Fuiioi, Gallowav, Gi;b ;rt, Robert 15. Ila I, J. Morrison
Harris, Hanson, IJav'en, lleii>eil, Hodges, llolioway, Val-
entine B. Hoiton, Howaid, Kelly, Knapp, Knight, Knowl-
ton, Knox. KuuK'd, Maee. Samuel S. MatshaU, Matte.-on,
McCarty, iviliian Miilei. Miihvutd, Mooio, Morgan,Moin-
son, Mmin>,Norton, Andrew Oliver, l'aiker, Pec.t, Peitori,
Poiry, Helot, Pike, Porter, Pimglo, lUcaud, Robbing Hob- i'
o,n<, Kobi&on, cfabin, Sage, Sapp, Seward, Simmons, Sam-
Uiil A. Smith, Spmnei, Stanton. Stewait, Stranahan, !'
Swopj, Tapp.iii, Trahon, Valk, Wailc, Wakynuui, Wal- i
biid*rr , Caawi'lader C. Wa-.hljin nc, I-ioel Wa-hburn, VVut- J.
?( n, U'eleh, *tVhc:-iet, Wlniney, WdiuuiH, Wood, VVood- i[
lull, Woodwnrr't, arei Zolhcofier—lul. :
So the motion was disagreed to. i'
X\Ir. JONES, of Tennessee, lifinandcd the yeas '|
and nays on the motion to refer the bill to tiie ;|
Committee on the Post OfTieo and Post Roads.
Tiie yeas and nays wore ordered. j'
The question was t.iken; and it was derided in i-
the ainimafivc—yeas 93, nays 87; us follows:
YDAS — Aiken, Aker-, Allen, Ball, B-nbour, j
Ba'-k-dale, Hcuty Brnnoit, Hendiey S. Bennett, Bor-oek, ''
Boyce, B-aU-liuw, Bianen, Bjciuoji, Buinett. John P.
Campbeil, Caihle, Ci-rkie, Kzifi Clark, Williamson R. \V. !'
Cobb, Cox, Csaige, Ciawioui, Coilen. Cuiubtiek, Daimell, ;|
Davui-osuDaj, De.m, Dowdo'l, Dunn. Bdinund-'on, Emiie. I;
English, F,rbcMdi;ij, Fauiknor, nott, Coode,(*ie«nwood^ ''
Au^iHtus Hail, Uarian, Sampson \V. Harn?, UolTinan, llol- ;•
loway, Thnmas H. llorton, iiou^ion, l'lualiston, J> wett, '!
Guorge U'. J. Glv.iey Jone,-. JvinweU. Leitt'i, ,i
befr'tier, l.ii.apni's. Maee, I't'inp'n-'y Mn-bad, Maxw. II, j
MciUuihn, .vfeum^'n, Smuh sillier, Vliii-on. Moiuli, N'icli- !|
1 o!s, Murtb't-ai (->"ivjr, P.iin v, Pack. iVitit, .Purter, Povvt.li, il
I Puiyeai. Ou-i'ii-.n. iU'adv, Ru-t. Supp, ii
I neoit, a:\ -Initci, Snntli, VVilliaui It.
; Nmtii, S.'t-f'l. Pa^/ott. Ta;lv/i, VninNion, Toi'd. Tnppe,
j Underwood, *v a:i, A'ti'lnin, VV -!rei, Biii.iu B. Waslibmne, ''
j Watkiu-i. VvTei 'I', 'Veiii, V. ii!->luvv, V, ood, \Voodrutf, Dun- j
; lei B. Vi'.iudn, aiM Joim V. \Vijru<—C9. (!
NAVb — Albn^ht, A!ii?on, Ua.elay, Benson, J
Bingham, Bi-Iiop, BI'^, Br >om, C :i:int<>ii,D. wis D. C-tmp-
b>i!l, CIsaiI  e, Cl«<*v~ou, iloweli Codd, I'omms, Covode, :
Cragin, Tir.h'tiiy l-'nr, Dr Win, Diekson, Dodd, i
Plairlei. Fioicncc*. il-'iey Ar. T.'iO'Uas j. D. I^ulb r, '
{'tanv", I> .II, Jltv", {ierhcrt, H')dge>, 'i
Njik'ninr. B. licjoi', Fiowaid. M- ]«y, Kia?, Knapp. Kmeht, ,
Knowiioi . Kiinke!, L'Sa.uuel S. Marshall,
Matter,-', M^dirv, Kiiuen Mdlor, M.bw.nd, Mooie, Mor- j
gan, Mo./^'Ou, Miioav, Audi f.v Oliver, Packer,^
Parker, i'-iio;;, pn,}* , Bike. Pii'i'r, >, Rt-ade, Icieaud, Rob- [<
bu &, Roi|- :*!. Sab:a> Saiv, Siuimons, Samuel A. '■
Smith, Spurn'';, Siaiiton, i-'tewait, fc'tiananan, Sv\ope, i'
Tappnn, VhoiiPiitt^i, Ttaiton, Vulk. Wade, Wakernaa, I!
Waibridge. Cadwairi.Iei C. Wa'-hbume, Israel Washbum, !'
Watson, Wheom. Wiutiav, WiUianis.' Woodwortli, and !!
/ollicorfer—S7. jl
So the bill was referred, to the Committee on the j|
Post Office and Post Roads. — 'I
- Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to recon-
sider the vote just taken, and also move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays on the latter motion.
The yeas and .nays were ordered.
Mr. STANTON. I move^. that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. Is not the motion
to reconsider a privileged question ?
The SPEAKER. But the other is a motion to
suspend the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 withdraw the
motion to reconsider.
The question was taken on Mr. Stanton's
motion; and it was agreed to.
THE TARIFF.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee ofthe Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. H. Marshall in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 566) to
reduce the duty on imports, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. BOYCE, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the committee for an hour upon the
tariff* question. His speech is withheld for re-
vision, and will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. GRANGER, funderstand,Mr.Chairman,
the main object in reducing the duty on wool-is to
encourage the manufacture of woolens. No man
can be more wiihng and ready to do that than I
am. I am very clear we should so arrange our
tariff laws as to set our woolen factories m mo-
tion; it would be doing a great benefit to the
whole country. But I cannot consent to have it
done at the saciilice of the wool-growing interest;
and more than that, sir, there is no need of it.
If you desire to encourage manufactures, you
must level up, not down. This taking1 away
two thirds of the farmer's protection .on wool,
and giving it to the manufacturer, is not exactly
what it is cracked up to be. To brine: wool
down from thirty to ten per cent., and a foreign
valuation at that, will be fatal to our flocks, and
lessen the quantity and reduce the quality of wool
all over the country. Away with foreign valu-
ation anyhow; it is a cheat, the best way you
can fix it. Wool should have the tariff of 1842,
and cloth the scfrne, and both would flourish to-
gether. We would soon raise our own wool and
make our own cloth, and old mother England
might do her own carding and spinning. We
now laise the finest of wool, and we sent cloth to
England that took the premium at the World's
Fair; it was the best broad-cloth in the world.
We raise only fifty millions of pounds of v/ool;
while of manufactured and unmanufactured v/ool
we impoit one hundred and forty millions of
pounds, seven eighths of which are kindly man-
ufactured abroad, and come here ready for us to
wear. Our whole.country is admirably adapted
to the growth of wool; every State and Territory
produces it—the hillsides of the North, the middle
and the southern States; and particularly are the
illimitable prairies of the West adapted to its
growth. We could soon be in a condition to
raise all the wool we could manufacture, (except
a trifle of very coarse wool,and that should come
duty free,) and we can manufacture all the cloth
we need, and keep at home the rountless millions
of specie we now send abroad annually to pay
for wool and woolens. Sir, is not that desirable?
Now, f respectfully ask this House to pause
and reflect before it dops an act that will, at least,
jeopard the great wool-growing interest—an in-
terest almost the only agricultural one that you
can directly affect.
Sir, there is another article of domestic manu-
facture, nine tenths of the cost of which is paid^
directly into the hands ofthe poor laboring man.
I allude to salt it has formerly enjoyed a liberal
protection, but it has, from time to time, been
bereft of it, till it has but little 4eft. For many
yrar-3 it had a specific protection of twenty cents
the bushel of fifty-six pounds, and now has only
twenty per cent, ad valorem, and foreign valuation,
a mere pittance of some two and a fourth cents
per bushel, and half of even that is now asked to
be given up. We now make about one half of the
whole quantify we use,,nnd as to quality quite
equal to the imported article. Dr. Reck, of
Albany, was employed by the State of New York
