1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to. test by analysis the comparative purity of
' foreign and domestic salt. The result I read from
his report, (Natural History of New York, by
.Lewis C. Beck, page 118,) as follows:
0fl,000 partH,Geddes solar salt ' 992 pure.
• « " Syracuse salt    ,..991 "
. « " Liverpool fine imported ..,....,,..988 "
« " Turk's Island imported........... ,934 a
<t « St. Ubes coarse imported 960 "
By this report we learn that ours is a little
-ahead of the best imported salt now in use in
this country. This subject has also been exam-
ined by the authority of the United States.
« The Secretary of the Navy has made a practical
experimental test, the result of which the follow-
ing document will tell:
Navy Department,
Bureau ok Provision and Clothing,
January 2:2,1857.
Sul: In answer to your verbal rpquest this morning, I
' have the honor to say that, in the yetir 1850, thirty barrels
of beef and thirty barrels of pork were packed with Onon-
daga solar salt, under the diiection of tins bureau, for the
purposeofpjaeticaliy testing Us preservative qualities. This
beef and pork was dibtiitmted among several national ships
proceeding to Africa, the East Indies, Biazi!,juul the Pacific,
with intention to examine into its condition at the em! of
nine months, and at the end of fitteen months fiom the time
of its being received on boaid7and lepoitto the Inueau.
Official reports have h<n>n received from eight different
ships, all of which concur in pronouncing the beef and pork
curcd with tlie Onondaga salt to be fully equal to that cm ed
- with the Tuik'ss Inland, St. Ubes, or Isle of May salt.
1 am, very respectfully, sir, >our obedient servant,
H. BRIDGE,
Chief of Bureau of Provision and Clothing.
Hon. Ahios P. Grangur, Home of Representatives.
Competition has brought down the price so low
that salt is now afforded to the consumer at quite
a cheap rate. It is made in Illinois, Ohio,and on
the sea-board, and very extensively in Virginia
and New York., and it is made more or less in
most of the States and Territories of the Union.
It now meets and keeps down the price of foreign
salt. Sir, allow it but one half of its former pro-
tection, and we would soon bo independent of the
world for an article at once convenient, comfort-
able, and indispensable.
This interest is the last,that should be molested.
• It should have more, rather than less protection.
Suppose the case of a foreign war, of Which you
are never out of danger. Relying on a foreign
supply of an article that enters into the daily in-
dispensable use of every family, rich or poor, you
might as well depend on foreigners for powder as
for salt. One would be as absurd as the other.
Sir, if you wiil not raise the protection on salt, be
so kind as not to disturb what htilo there is of it
left. Preserve the manufacture of salt for safety's
sake, if not for protection. You may think, sir,
the duty in question is but a trifle. Then 1 hope
you will not disturb it. Small though it bo to
you, it is sufficient to the manufacturer to trans-
port the article one hundred miles, and thus far
extend the market. I hope the honorable chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means will
consent to place salt on the' twenty per cent,
schedule, and allow it the small protection it now
enjoys.
Since the war of 1812, we have at three differ-
ent times resorted to a protective tariff to relieve
us from financial distress. From 1818 to J824,
• with a mere revenue tariff, the balance of trade
was against us, and during that term of six years
our exports of specie exceeded our imports
$10,000,000. This caused the protective tariff
of 1824, and the effect of the change was soon felt.
Confidence and activity returned, and instead Of
exporting specie we imported specie to a large
amount. The effect was so obvious and gratify-
ing that the still higher tariff of 1828 was enacted
—the highest we ever had. This tariff was ma-
tured and brought forward by that distinguished.
^Democrat, Silas Wright. Under these two pro-
tective tariffs of 1824 and 1828 up to 1834—ten
years—the whole country was blessed with a pros-
- parity perhaps never before equaled in this or any
other country, in this ten years of protection,
from 1824 to 1834*, we imported thirty millions of
specie more than wc exported, and paid off the
debts of two wars, that of the Revolution and of
1812, in all, principal and interest, $100,000,000.
Next came the descending-compromise tariff
of Mr. Clay. In justice to the memory of that
great man, at this point I desire to say, he con-
sented to let down his long-cherished and favorite
protection, not as a matter of choice but of neces-
sity, deeming it safer to come down gradually
than to fall at once, saying, at the time, " 1 trust
the country will come to its senses, and return to
its true policy."
By a sliding scale this tariff brought us down
in nine years to a horizontal tariff of twenty per
cent. Theresultwas, the Government soon found
itself out of funds and out of credit, and bank-
ruptcy and distrust pervading thu whole commu-
nity.
In this dilemma the Government dispatched an
agent to England to make a raise; but so low was
its credit that not a "hapeth" could it borrow;
and its man, Robertson, returned without a dollar
in his pocket. The distress was so universal, and
so clearly attributable to the ruling party, that the
people rose en masse, and demanded a change of
men and measures. The authors of this mistaken
policy were driven from power, and General Har-
rison was elected President of the United States
byan overwhelming majority,and the protective
tariff of 1842 was the consequence. A general
bankrupt law became necessary, and was enacted
to relieve a generation of active and enterprising
men who had been swept from their moorings by
the irresistible current of financial revulsion. Mr.
Fillmore, as head of the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported the tariff law of 1842 as a rem-
edy for the financial disorders occasioned by sub-
stituting a revenue for a protective tariff.
This tariff of 1842 was arranged for protection
and revenue incidental. It justified the antici-
pations of its most sanguine friends; and for the
skill and ability displayed by Mr. Fillmore, he
won the applause and has received the gratitude
of his country. Death removed General Harri-
son from our midst, and the nation mourned the
loss of an honest man. IIis fi lends were betrayed
by his successor. Van Buren was lost in the
storm, but his parly acain came into power, and
brought with them their former free-trade pro-
pensities. The tariff of 1842 was allowed only a
Nvief existence, long enough, however, to estab-
lish its character as an effectual cure for the finan-
cial heresies of the day. The party in pojver
thought proper to reverse the order of things, and
the foundations of our national prosperity were
again broken up. The tariff of 1842 was repealed,
and that of 1846, the presontone, substituted. It
was said in high places that the principle of pro-
tection was wrong, and in an evil hour Congress
adopted the maxim. The great leading interests
of wool, woolens, and iron, so intimately con-
nected with the farming interest, were disregarded.
Protection was sneered at, and free trade became
the battle-cry at every political contest.
Sir, unless we have a radical change in our
tariff laws, we shall surely have another financial
crash. Come it will, and it is only a question of
time. We must manufacture more and import
less, and keep our specie at home. We must raise
our own wool, and make our cloth and iron a*?
we do our glass, nails, and couons, and thus fur-
nish aconvcnient and ready market for the farmer,
with little or no waste for transportation. We
have a foreign debt of near two hundred and fifty
millions of dollars. We are sending off forty mii-
lionsayear in gold, one hnlf of which goes to pay
dividendsand interest. We are, constantly send-
ing away, to pay balances, good paying stocks,
and sending them below par at that. Sir, we must
take in sail or we shall soon be on our beam-end.
Discerning men already begin to hoard hard
money, and that is ominous. We want a tariff for
protection for the sake of protection, and revenue
incidental. Protection is now vastly more im-
portant to us than revenue, but we can have them
both at once. We can kill the two birds with one
stone. There is not the least difficulty in it. Let
your tariff discriminate for protection and you
will not lack revenue.
We paid the cost of two British wars with high
protective tariffs, the highest we ever had. The
protective tariffs of 1824, 1828*, and j842, gave this
country money, credit, and prosperity; and the
revenue tariffs that intervened produced exactly
the opposite results. They have always run us
under, and they always will. England, France,
and Germany understand it, and laugh in their
sleeve at cfar stupidity and folly. They would
contract to-day to pay us $50,000,000 annually for
twenty years if we would stipulate to abandon pro-
tection entirely. t)o it, sir, and our great leading
interests, agriculture, manufacture, commerce,
and navigation, would all com© down at -once.
Labor, our greatest staple, would droops and ial kin
market $100,000,000 the first year. A bargain,like
that would make us a poor,, dependent' peoples-
mere colonies as we once were. Sir, we tmvfc the
remedy in our own hands. We have the powotf-jo
change the course of trade, to take a commanding
position, and maintain it; and it is our own fault
if we do n<K do it. Let us take care of ourselves
and stop this ruinous export of specie.- He
that provides not for his own household is said
to be worse than an infidel." Make a free list of
articles that we import that do not compete with
our own productions, and raise a revenue more or
less on competing articles and luxuries. Diversify
and distribute labor, and give it American labor in
all cases, the longest end of the evener.
Hear and heed the words of General Jackson:
11 We must become more Americanized. Plant your
manufacturers by the side of your farmers, and you
cover your country with blessingsSir, if protec-
tion is wrong in principle and policy, and free
trade right, then repeal all your tariff laws at once,
and give us the full benefit of free trade. Repeal
the navigation act of 1789, and let foreign ships
do our coasting trade. Repeal the law that re-
quires the coSf navigation to be done in Amer-
ican-built vessels. Never mind the vast and diver-
sified interests connected with the ship-yards, nor
the hundreds of thousands of industrious men
employed there, nor as many more employed to
feed and clothe them; they may do as they can; they
can find employment somewhere else. Abandon all
this, sir, and then support the Government by
dircct taxation, and that is free trade.
Sir, if all you desire of a tariff is merely to
raise money" to support the Government, you
ought not to have ony tariff at all. Nothing can
be more unequal and unjust than to collcct taxes
in t his way. Tax property according to its value,
and serve every man alike. Tax every one ac-
cording to what he has, and make the rich pay
their share, and do not draw from the industrious
mechanic of limited means as much as you do
from the miserly millionaire. Sir, if protection
is not an object, then most clearly the present
mode of raising money to support the Govern-
ment is of all things the most oppressive.
Mr. M1LLSON next addressed the committee
on the question regularly before it. His speech
is withheld for revision, and will be published
in the Appendix.
Mr. COX obtained the floor.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. If there be no objec-
tion, I hope the gentleman will yield to me, in
order that I may propound an inquiry to the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
the answer to which may save me the necessity
of answering a great many letters.
Mr. COX. f yield to the gentleman if I do not
! lose the floor.
j Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I will occupy but a
| moment. At the first session of the last Congress
| I introduced, and had referred to the Committee
, of Ways and Means, a proposition to extend the
| time for the payment of duty on imported rail-
' road iron from four to six years, on the payment
'! of six per cent, interest, with the privilege, on the
part of the companies asking and receiving the
! extension, to liquidate the debt in so far as they
i could by the transportation of the United States
: mails. There was no action on that proposition
j at the last Congress. Early this Congress i m-
j troduced, and had referred to the Committee of
I Ways and Means, a similar bill. Ail I have
! heard from it was, that it had been placed in the
j hands of one of the members of that committee,
jl who is its bitteiest opponent. 1 only ask now
ii that he will make his adverse report on it as soon
'• as possible, so that the sense of the House may
i1 be tested on the question.
j! Mr. HOUSTON. So far as the action of the
j| Committee of Ways and Means at the laat Con-
ji gress is concerned, I have to say, that that com-
!! mittec did report a bill covering all the points of
the gentleman's proposition.
j Mr. COBB, of Alabama. That committee did
i not report my bill during the last Congress.
| Mr. DUNN. With the consent of the gentle-
\ man from Kentucky, I move that the commutes
rise.
■ Mr. COX. I yield fer that purpose,
| Mr. KENNETT. I appeal to the gentleman
! from Indiana to modify his motion, so that tha
