1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
anvtjai.n£ of that kind, my rigj^t to express my
vo&e on a great cardinal question", affectiisg the
organization of this Government./
Mr. STUART. It is to the question of the,
motion to raise this commitjtee that Iask the at-'
teption of the Senate fora fe.w minutes. I think,
arid I shall submit the reason why Ithink so, the
question should not be thus considered. The
Constitution of the United States has been read
several times to-day, and is undoubtedly familiar
to every gentleman present. I call the attentio.n
of, the Senate to a single clause of the law made
in'pursuance of it, and desire to submit my views
.against this proposition. Tlie fifth section of the
law of 1792 provides;
" That Congress shall be in session on the second Wed-
nesday in Febiuary, 1793, and on tiic second Wednesday
in'Fobruary succeeding eveiy meeting of the electors; and
the said certificates, or so many of theui as shall have been
received, silall then be opened, the votes counted, and the
persons who .shall fill the offices of President and Vice Pies-
ident ascertained and declared agreeably to the Constitu-
tion."
'Now^sir, I submit that, inobedicnce to the Con-
stitution and law of the United States, the two
liouses met together—not as a convention, for no
such body is known to the Constitution or the law
of the United States—for the purpose of having
ill their presence the votes which had been cast
by the electors for President and Vice President
counted, and the result, in the language of the
law, ascertained and declared. Those votes were
counted; the Presiding Officer of the Senate ascer-
tained the count, and declared the result. That is
the end of the subject.
• The reason why I am against this proposition
is this: precedents are dangerous things—very
dangerous things. I object to going on now with
somewhat of a supposititious case, and takings
procedure, on the part of Congress, that shall
stand as a precedent hereafter. It is quite easy,
and 1 submit to the consideration of Senators that
it is somewhat indispensable, that the Congress
of the United Stateg should further declare, by
l^w, that electoral votes not cast on the day le-
quired by law shall not be counted. It is com-
petent for Congress to do that. It is perfectly
competent for Congress, who have declared that
the electors shall meet in their respective States
on the first Monday in December to cast their
votes, to follow it up with the declaration that,
unless they be then cast, those votes shall not be
counted.
But, Mr. President, when you leave the clear
functions of Congress under the Constitution of
the United States, and depart from their discharge, ^
in the manner prescribed in the Constitution, the ■
Senate, as a separate body, representing States
and voting by States, and undertake to say that
aquestion raise in the two Houses when they
are convened for the purpose of hearing the result,
ttiay be decided by a vote of the two together,
o< that the body thus assembled can decide any-
thing, you raise the question, if they curt, huw
can they decide it? The Constitution is silent
, asvto. how those men, thus asst,mbU-d, shall vote.
Tiie law of the United States is silent as to how
they shall vote. The weight of the Senate rep- ,
resenting States, is swallowed up by the weight ,
of the House of Representatives representing j
population. 1
It seems to me that what was said in the Hall i
of the House of Representatives m respect to the ,
tellers signing the statement, is entirely super- ,
fluous. As a matter of form, it may be very well,
but it is a matter of form without substance. It
is, not necessary that they should make any ,
formal statement at all. There is nothing in the j
law, nothing in the Constitution, that requires it.
When the tellers, by their organ, reported to the ;
presiding Officer of that body, being the President j
of the Senate, that they had counted the votes, and j
that this was the result, their duties were ended; j
they had no further power, and the Presiding j
Officer was right in announcing the result. J
• Then the question returns—which will become j
an interesting one at some time or other, perhaps ;
—whether the vote of the State of Wisconsin :
shall be counted. Upon the present law, made in
obedience to the Constitution, one of two con-
* structions it seems to me is inevitable. The Con-
stitution provides how the electoral votes shall be
received, to w-liojn they shall be delivered^ and
how they shall be kept.- The same officer to whom
they are 'delivered, the President of the Senate,
retains possession of.them, and opens them in the
presence of the two Houses. The Constitution
declares that he shall open them in the presence
of the two Houses. The'law follows up the lan-
guage of the Constitution, declaring that they
shall be counted and the result declared.
I submit that whenever this matter is examined
—and I submit it now only as a question haying
some relation to this subject—one of two things
will be ascertained: either the Presiding Officer is
bound to count all the votes that are certified to
him by the State authorities, or else the Presiding
Officer, under the present law, and he alone, has
a right to decide whether he will count or leject
them. In my humble judgment that is the con-
struction of the Constitution and law as they now
stand. In either event, it will be conceded, I think,
by every Senator, that it is a dangerous power.
It is dangerous to leave it to the certifying offi-
cers or the electors themselves, who make the
certificates on the part of the States; u is danger-
ous to leave it in the hands of the Presiding Officer
of the Senate; but in one or the other it rests;
and I submit that to undertake to say that it rests
in the two Houses assembled together in mass to
decide such a question, would fall but little short
of a revolution.
Therefore, believing that the matter lias been
ended, so far us the duties devolved on Congress j
by the Constitution and laws of (lie United States j
are concerned, I express the hope that no further j
action will be taken which may stand in the way 1
hereafter os a precedent, unless it be action in the
shape of additional legislation to define proudly
what shall be done m a ca«n of this kind.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mi. President, protested
against the action of the Presiding Officer of this
body in the other House-, because, as I under-
stood it, the Presiding Officer counted the vote of
"Wisconsin, announced it in h:-s pWee, and as-
sumed and cxercised the right of declaring that
A had received so many \ou*s, and 13 so many,
and of announcing who weio eh cted I'rosident
and Vice President of the United States. These
are the facts. 1 understood distinctly this Pre-
siding Officer to say that James Buchanan had J7 j
votes, John C. Fremont 314, and Millard Fillmore
renew it here. It is a high privilege, a dang'er'ouc
one to the liberties and Constitution of tips coun*v
try—one not conferred on these person# J?y
Constitution or the law. The circumstances ,ojf
the case necessarily involve the right and'the duty
of the two branches of the Legislature, the Senate ♦
and the House of Representatives, to deterimri6~
what are the votes to oe counted; and the Presi*
dent of the Senate can only announce those to be -
votes which are thus decided by competent au-
thority; and any attempt on the part of the Pre-
siding Officer to declare what votes he may deem
to be legal, or to decide what arc the votes, no'
matter whether it affects the result or not, orcver^,
to say the question shall not be decided, however
highly I respect the Chair, I submit is not a
power given to the Presiding Officer by the Con-
stitution and the laws.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Presiding
Officer desires to say—as he thought he had dis-
tinctly stated whilst presiding over the two Housed
in the Chamber of the tjouse of Representatives'
—that the conception of the Senator from Georgia
is entirely eri#heous, in the judgment of uie
Presiding*Officer. The Presiding Officer did not
undertake to decide whether the vote of the State
of Wisconsin was a good vote or a bad vote.
The Presiding Officer, upon that matter, did no
more than recite the fact which was reported to
him by the tellers, pursuant to the concurrent
: order of the two Houses. Tiie Presiding Officer
| did no more than announce that the vote of Wis-'
cousin h.ul been given to John C.„ Fremont.
Whether it was a good vote or a bad vote, he did
not undertake to decide. The Presiding Officer
announced fuithor, that James Buchanan had a
majority of all the votes given, and that such
majority was a majority of the whole electoral
vote; and he declared, as his duty required him
to do, that James Buchanan was theiebjr elected
President of the United States. If the result
could have been affected by the collateral fact re-
ported by the tellers, that the vote of the State
of Wisconsin had been given on a day different
from that proscribed bylaw, the Presiding Officer
would have considered it his duty to have re-
.ported, as the state of the vote, that whether a
.8 votes; and "(hen I,e mado the announcement h majority of the yhole electoral votes had beert
read a few minuter ago by the Chair. ^ The Chair
supposed, under the clause of the Constitution |
which he read, that he and the tellers had^the ;
right to determine what were legal votes. Tluit j
I domed, that 1 protested against. ^ |
The question is not whethci ajinntconvcntion ;
of the'two bodies, as it id tenni d, can determine j
it. They cannot, in my judgment; hut that the ;
Presiding Officer and the tellers cannot, 1 am well j
assured. When ve are called upon to see these ,
votes counted, it becomes our firs! duly to know I
what are the votes to be counted. Suppose tnere ,
had been presented ten votes from Nicanigua, and j
the Chan" and the threo tclleis had said, *' I'lu se
I hhall be counted"—suppose, as might of ten hap-
j lien,there was adouble return from some State,as
i n the New Jersey ease, shall the President of tie
; United States be made by the. Priding Officcr ;
j and the tellers' Is not that the result? Wo one :
can be heard there, it appears, bat tiie Presiding i
Officer and the tellers. I deny that. I say it is i
not law. When you count the votes,itbelongsto j
the Senate and House of Ilepiesentatives of the |
i United States to determine whatare the vote.s. I !
' den led then, and 1 deny now, the authority of the
! Presiding Officer,of this body, with two tellers
of the other House' and one of this, to settle that
question. I entered niv protest there, and I renew
it here. It is a question to be determined by
Congress. The Constitution has made these
two bodies judges; and the idea of the Senator
from Michigan, that you are to declare the result
which, according' to law, makes the President,
and try the question afterwards, is like trying a
man after he is executed.
Mr. STUART. I beg the Senator's pardon-
that was not my proposition ,
Mr. TOOMBS. Very well. I state mine,
which opposes all other ideas; and it is, that it is
our duty to count the votes, and todecidu whatare
votes. This is a necessary duty devolvcd'ori the
Senate and the House of Representatives. They
must do it in their separate capacities, I think;
but they alone can determine it, and not the Pres-
ident of the Senate 'and the tellers of the two
Houses. That is the point I made there, and I
given to James Buchanan would depend on can-
vassing the votes—a duty that he did not assume.
But inasmuch as it appeared clearly, from the
state of (he vote, that whether the vote of the
State of Wisconsin was couifted or not, the result
of the election remained unaffected, he announced,
as he considered his duty required him to an-
nounce, that James Buchanan had a majority of
all tlitvotes cast, and that such majority was a
majority of the whole number of the electoral
voles, lie disclaims having assumed on himself
auy authority to determine whether that vote or
any other vote was a good or a bad vote.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President  
Mr. TOOMBS. Did not the Chair count it?
That involves the question.
Mr. BUTLKR. 1 hope my friend from Geor-
gia will allow me to say a word by way of ex-
planation.
The PRESIDENT p)o tempore. The Senator
fioin Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BIGLER. I will give way.
Mr. I3UTL1£R. I think the conclusion of the
Chair is right, that the mode in which the vote is
to bo announced to the country is the ordinary"
mode: that A B received forty-eight votes or fifty- ,
five votes, and C D sixty votes; and these beingp
a majority of so many, C D has been elected.
That is the common way of doing it. The Chair
is entirely right in its statement, and I do not
undertake to question the decision, as far as re-
gards the result. I should, however, question
very much the propriety of any course that would-
not show to the country, and to these two bodies
—both responsible bodies—the Senate and the
House of Representatives, the exact result. 1
think the tellers should have reported exactly as
the Secretary here reports, upon counting out the
votes, that A B received so many, C D so many,
and thfe result thereof is that C D is elected. 1 flat
ia the common course of procedure in every par-
liamentary body. But I hope we shall proceed;
with the motion of the Senator from \ irgima,
which, however, is objected to by the Senator
from Michigan, who takes the ground that tlis
Chair can announce, of its own mere will and
