tf46
THE CONGRESSIONAL * GLOBE.
February H,
motion, without any one else knowing it, who is
elected. I do not agree to that.
Mr. STUART. That is not what I said.
Mr. BUTLER. What did you say ?
, Wr. STUART. What I undertook to say—
and i thought I rendered myself tolerably clear—
was, that as the Constitution and law of the United
States now stand, the duty to be performed to-day
is a mere counting of the votes certified, and that
one of two things is the construction: either that
j, the Presiding Officer must count all the votes cer-
tified to him, or if they have not been given ac-
cording to law in his opinion, he objects to them.
As the law now stands, the two Houses thus
assembled have nothing to do with the question
at all. The Constitution has devolved that duty
on the Presiding Officer of the Senate—to count
the votes in the presence of the two Houses.
Mr. BUTLER. I have great respect for the
President of the Senate, and I would trust him
upon any question of controversy where we had
to make a Chief Magistrate to hoist the flag under
which we were to march; but I will trust no man
to determine for me who shall be President of the
United States on his arbitrary decision.
Mr. STUART. That is precisely what I said.
Mr. BUTLER. Let him add up the votes and
announce the result to me. I am one of the judges;
or why do you call me there ? I would trust you,
sir; but 1 tell the Senator from Michigan, and I
tell all others who choose: to delegate to any one
man such power in a matter of this kind, where
there is dispute, I would trust it to 110 man. Sup-
pose there were two certificates from one State,
is he to be the judge? I assure you, sir, it is a
power which, in time of temptation — and God
knows when the time of temptation may not arrive
for some one to desire to be a President to rule
this country — 1 would not like to trust to many
people.
Mr. STUART. That is precisely what I said
—that it was a dangerous pofrer to be intrusted to
the Presiding Officer in either event. I beg the
Senator's pardon; he must not undertake to as-
sume from what 1 said to the Senate, that I was
submitting my views of what ought to be the case
—very far from it. I was submitting my views
of what the law is; and I said that I deemed it
imperative on Congress, in the mode pointed out
by the Constitution, by legislation, to determine
definitely whatshould be done in this case. But,
sir, the Constitution has devolved upon the Pre-
siding Officer the duty of receiving these votes,
of keeping; them, of opening them in the presence
of ihc two Houses, of counting them, and declar-
ing the result. What votes he shall count it is
entirely competentfor Congress by law to declare.
Mr. BUTLER. I go much further than that,
sir. I do not say that it requires previous 1-gis-
lation. I say we have jurisJiction at the time,
without a previous law to regulate a matter of this
kind. Can a Prestdent be made against the whole
tenor of the Constitution, and against what may
be the wishes of the different States, by the Pre-
siding Oificer of the Senate counting what votes
he may choosc ? What is the use of Mr. Dickms,
our worthy Secretary, reading the thirteen votes
of Massachusetts, the thirty-five of New York,
and so on; and what is the use of putting them
down, unless I can verify the facts as one of the
judges? As 1 understand this subject, I assure
you it is one of those things upon which I would
stand here a long time before yielding the ninth
part of a hair. The Senate of the United States
is Culled into the other House as a corporate
body—an imposing corpoiate body, to be a wit-
ness to the election of the Chief Magistrate of
this country, and to see that the votes are counted
fairly; and, sir, if the votes are not counted fairly,
I protest against it.
Mr. BiGLER obtained the floor.
_ Mr. ADAMS. Allow me to make an explana-
tion as to a matter of fact.
Mr. BiGLER. I have only a few words to
say; but I yield the floor.
~ Air. ADAMS. It is only in relation to a mat-
ter of fact which seems to have been overlooked
that 1 desire to call attention. I do not under-
stand that the President of t he Senate determined
or counted the vote from Wisconsin. I wish to
call the attention of Senators to the report of the
joint committee. The committee reported that
on the day of election all 'the States gave their
votes according to the facts as stated, with the
exception of Wisconsin, and that on a subsequent
day Wisconsin voted for Mr. Fremont. That
fact was reported by the committee; they could
not have done otherwise. The Presiding Officer
announced the final result, but did not either di-
rectly or indirectly intimate that he had counted
that vote. That fact I wished to have brought
to the notice of the Senate.
Mr. BIGLER. The remarks of the Senator
from Mississippi have to some extent supplied
what 1 intended to say. I have felt unwilling to
allow the remarks of the Senator from Georgia
to go to the country without some explanation on
the part of the tel ers. His remarks are veiy well
calculated to make the impression that the tellers
in this case had attempted some usurpation—that
they had attempted to go out of the ordinary per-
formance of tbeirduty. Those tellers regarded their
duty as sheerly ministerial—not discretionary at
all. What duty had the tellers to perform? To
examine the returns and report the facts—nothing
more nor less. To have done less than that would
j have been to disregard duty. Theycouldnotknow
I in advance what the facts would be on the face
of the papers. We repoited the facts as they
appeared on the face of the returns; and they are
that, on the day prescribed by law, all the votes
were cast, except as to the State of Wisconsin,
and that vote was cast on the 4th instead of on
the 3d of December. The tellers have simply re-
ported the facts. They have stated those facts m
the report which they make here. The Senator
from Michigan will remember, (for I believe he
took the position, that after the result was an-
nounced the certificate of the tellers could not
set forth the facts,) when the returns were read
particular attention was called to this difficulty
and discrepancy——
Mr. STUART. The Senator "is mistaken. I
took the ground that there was no law making a
certificate of the tellers necessary at all. and that
in point of substance it was of no consequence
whether they ever made any. That was my po-
sition.
Mr. BIGLER. It is a report—call it a certifi-
cate or not. In cases similar, Mr. President, to
which I was about to refer when we first came
into the Chamber, one occurring in Michigan and
another in Missouri, the difficulty had been anti-
cipated, and the report of the tellers was accord-
ingly. The joint resolution of the two Houses
| adopted prior to counting the vote in those cases
provided for the difficulty. Here it was not an-
ticipated; no provision was made for it; and the
tellers decided in their report simply to state the
facts as they are. Now 1 ask my friend from
Georgia if there is any usurpation in that? What
else could we do? Wherein have the tellers at-
; tempted to usurp power, or to" state anything else
j than simply the facts as they appear on the face
; of the papers ?
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator from Penn-
sylvania allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BIGLER. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator how it happens that after the tellers had
counted the votes, and had made the announce-
ment to the convention that Mr. Fremontrecetved
; one hundred and fourteen votes,including the vote
j of Wisconsin,and the President of the convention
j read their precise report, using their exact lan-
j guage, these tellers, after having thus discharged
i their duty, and what seems to me their whole
i duty, make up and bring in another report here ?
: Mr. BIGLER. I made the whole explanation
a moment ago, and it was this: that when the
j returns of the State of Wisconsin were read,
' special attention was called to them; the addi-
tions of the votes were announced of course, just
as they stood after wet had added them all up; but
is that a reason why the fact should not be stated
I on the leport, that as to the State of Wisconsin
| the vote was not cast on the day prescribed by
| law? I have explained why this was done. If
it had been anticipated, the joint resolution of the
two Houses would have provided for it, and the
tellers would have had no occasion to refer to it
in the mannei they have done.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I submitted
this motion, itnd I should like to say a word in
regard to it. My object was to enable the two
Houses to do, alter the difficulty had occurred,
what had been done on two former occasions to
avoid a difficulty of precisely the same nature.
When heretofore there was a difficulty in regard
to counting the vote of the State of Michigan, and
another in regard to the vote of the State of Mis-
souri, the joint committees which had been ap-
pointed by the two Houses to regulate the matter
proposed a report, by which it should be declared
that an election had been accomplished, whether
they counted the votes of those States or not.
Now the same state of facts exists here. We have
no means of settling this dispute between the two
Houses as to whether the vote of Wisconsin ought
to be counted or not, and happily for the country
it is not material for us to settle it. I think diffi-
culties of this kind are matters which should be
remedied by legislation to be applied to future
cases. Fortunately, we are enabled to settle thi3
election "without attempting to arrive at any con-
clusion on this point in a joint meeting of the two
Houses, or by an interchange of resolutions be-
tween them. I propose, therefore, that we shall
settle this matter as similar matters have been set-
tled before, and that we shall instruct the joint
committee of the Senate, heretofore appointed on
this subject, to confer with the joint committee of
the House in regard to the report which they are
to make on this question.
But the Senator from Michigan thinks this is
unnecessary, because, in his opinion, the action
of the President of "the Senate in the joint meet-
ing of the two Houses has settled and concluded
the whole question. That may be his opinion,
but I apprehend it will not be the opinion of the
House of Representatives, nor do 1 think it will
be the opinion of a majority of the Senate. It is
important so to act as to satisfy the House of
Representatives of the propriety of the mode of
action, and to securc their concurrence in it. I
believe they-will agree to settle this matter as it
has heretofore been settled on two occasions, and
then some other occasion in the next four years,
if they should think proper to do so, to resort to
legislation for the purpose of remedying the diffi-
culty.
Nor do I understand that the Chair claimed to
have the right to preclude the two Houses by any
declaration of the facts. It cannot be so, because
the President of the Senate and of every parlia-
mentary body is only the organ of that body,
subject to its control, subject to its direction; and
he could not therefore assume to act, and did not,
as I understand the Chair to have said, independ-
ently of the House which he represented. But
all these are questions which it is not now neces-
sary to raise. What we desire to do is to settle
this difficulty—to settle it to the satisfaction of
the two Houses, to the quiet of the country, and
to dispose of it to-day. What will enable us to
do this so readily as a resort to the very plan
which has accomplished that object on two occa-
sions heretofore? I move, therefore, thatthejoint
committee of the Senate be instructed to confer
with the joint committee of the House on this
subject.
Mr. DOUGLAS. On looking into the law and
the Constitution since we have returned to our
Chamber, I have arrived at the conclusion that
all has been done that the law requires to be done
to make the action complete. We assembled in
the Hall of the House of Representatives in pur-
suance of thu law. The law has been complied
with in ail things. The fact that tiie tellers have
not made a report is of no consequence; first, for
the reason that the law does not provide for tell-
ers. The tellers appeared in this transaction only
in pursuance of the joint resolution of the two
Houses, and those tellers have done ail that the
joint resolution required. It was in these words:
" That one person be appointed teller on tiie part of the
Senate, and two on the part of the llotise ot Representa-
tives, to make a list of the votes as they :-iia!i be declared ;
that the result shall be delivered to the President of the Sen-
ate pro tempore, who shall announce the state of the vote
and the peisons elected to the two Houses assembled ap
aforesaid, which ~hall be deemed a declaration of the per-
sons elected PieHdent and Vice President of the touted
States, and, together with the list of the votes, be entered
on the Journals of the two liouse^/'
The tellers did deliver to the Presiding Officer
the result of the count, as provided in this resolu-
tion. They read it first to the two Houses, and
then formally delivered it to the Presiding Officer.
The Presiding Officer read over thathst distinctly,
and thereupon announced that James Buchanan
was duly elected President of the United States,
and John G. Breckinridge duly elected Vice Pres-
