THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
Neither by law, nor by the previous resolutions
of the two Houses, had any such arrangements
been made. Now, what is the condition of things?
Mr. BIGrLEE. The Senator from Vermont
will-allow me to explain for the purpose of being,
accurate. I have by my side the teller who made
the report, [Mr. George "W. Jones, of Tennes-
see.] When the returns from the State of Wiscon-
sin were opened and read, the teller reading those
returns stated distinctly that the vote of that State
was cast on the 4th of December instead of the
3d, the day prescribed by law. Now will the
Senator from Vermont say that the tellers had
any discretion on this subject? Could they have
refused to read the certificate ? When the tellers
announced the result of the addition, they gave
the vote of Mr. Fremont as one hundred and four-
teen, including Wisconsin, in order that the point
might be distinctly presented to the body.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman's version
of the transaction does not alter the case in my
mind. My idea is, that when they came across
a certificate which was irregular apparently on
its face, they should have announced that fact to
the Chair.
Mr. BIGLER. I have just asserted that they
did announce that fact.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is not material to
my point. I say the "Chair should have imme-
diately announced it to the body, and the body
should have separated, each House going to its
respective Chamber, to provide for such a con-
tingency, and prescribe a mode of arranging it.
That is my view of what was the proper course,
instead of going through the count and seeing
•whether it would not turn out right without the
vote of this State. They did, however, go on and
finish the count. Very well. Then, when the
whole count was announced, it was stated at the
same time what was the fact in icgard to the Wis
consin certificate. That was a proper announce-
ment. The result hav^fe been reduced to writing,
and read in that form, was delivered to the Chair,
and the Presiding Officer! cad it in rhe s.ime way;
not reading in it, however, what the trllermalang
the-announcement had stated, that the certificate
from Wisconsin was irregular. That fact did not
constitute any part of the written paper which
the Clmir had, and therefore he did not announce
it; but the body understood itfrom the announce-
ment of the toller. If the Chair, on that occasion,
decided any question which iy material to the
result, it is well enough to have tliM committee
for the purpose of ananging it. lh.it did the
Chair decide anything about the Wisconsin vote?
I insist that it did not. The Chair only decided i
the ultimate result—Unit Janus Ihi'-hunan was
elected President by the votes of «i majority of the
electors. If it was materia! to that decision that
the "Wisconsin vote should be pjssed upon, then
the Chair did pass upou it; but if that announce-
ment was the statement of a r<\sult winch would
3iave been the same independently of that vote,
then he did not pass upon it." 1 [e certainly did
not pass upon it m terms.
Mr, PUGH. I think the Senator is mistaken.
I think the Presiding Officer said there were one
hundred and fourteen v#tes for Mr. Fremont, and
took no notice of the facf reported by the tellers,
that the vote of Wisconsin was contested. My
impression is, that the President of t he Senate did
not advert to that fact at all.
Mr. COLLAMER. The announcement of the
tellers was, that Mr. Fremont rccoi-w d one hun-
dred and fourteen votes, including the vote of
Wisconsin, they having stated how the fact was
in regard to Wisconsin. The Chair read it in the
same way. Now, I say, if the Chair in terms
decided the question in relation to Wisconsm, the
Chair perhaps did that at least which ought to be
inquired into by a committee; but 1 way the Chair
decided nothing as to the Wisconsiu'vote being
lawful or unlawful. lie read over the figures
and then announced the result for President!* If,
in announcing that remit, the Chair necessarily
passed upon the legality or illegality of the Wis-
consin vote, then the Chair decided that question;
but if, in making that announcement, it was not
material whether the Wisconsin vote was counted
or not, then the Chair did not pass on it. Now
we all understand that the result—the election
of James Buchanan as President of rhe United
States—is a matter entirely independent of that
law- Deciding that th'e5 result was the election
of Mr#Buchanan, does not either directly of in-
directly involve a decision of the legality of the
Wisconsin vote. As it does not, I do not see
what more we have to do. It appears to me, that'
is the end of the subject.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I was nof in the
House of Representatives when these proceed-
ings took place. I had made up my mind very
early that Mr. Buchanan was elected; and indeed
after the October elections in Pennsylvania last
year, I came to the conclusion that he would be
elected soon after that. I did not wait to hear
the votes read with much interest. I wish now,
however, to express my dissent from what seems
to be the received opinion of almost every one
whom I have heard speak on the subject here,
that the vote of Wisconsin should not be counted.
I protest against that, here and now, forever and
always. I say those votes should have been
counted. Form should always yield to sub-
stance, except where the form itself is substance.
Prior to the passage of the act of 1845, you left
every State to fix the day upon which the people
should vote for electors; but in that year Con-
gress, in its wisdom, for certain purposes, pre-
scribed the same day throughout the Union.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The Constitution
of the United States provides that the electors
shall vote on the same day in all the States.
Mr. HALE. I speak of the day on which the
electors arojjhosen. That formerly was different
in all the States; but in 1845,1 think, you passed
a law compelling all the States to vote for electors
on the same day.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Allow me to read the
Constitution:
"The Congress may deteimme the time of choosing the
electors, and the day'on which they shall give their votes,
which day fhall be the sa^ic throughout the United fcStatea."
Mr. HALE. Exactly; but the Constitution
does not fix the day. The provision of law fixing
the day is one of those provisions which are not
essential to the merits of the case—one of those
provisions which are directory, and ought to yield
to the substance. The substance is, that the peo-
ple of Wisconsin did, on the day prescribed by
law, cast their votes, and did, by a large majority,
choose an electoral board. By an interposition
of Providence, it may be said, or from some un-
avoidable accident, those electors failed to cast
their votes on the pieeise day fixed by law; but
just as soon as they could, they piocecdcd to cast
them on the day following. I am not clear in my
own mind that, as a legal question, those votes
were not given on the day indicated in the law,
in legal intendment; for this reason: they began,
they entered upon the work, th^y were impeded
and not able to complete it so as to throw their
votes Oil the particular day prescribed. Whether
that construction ho so or not, this is a matter of
direction. The main and the great point is, did
the people of Wisconsin, by a major vote, do all
they could do to expires their voice in the pres-
idential election? If they did, they ought to be
heard; and if by accident the men whom they
merely delegated ns their agents, failed to get
together at the immediate hour prescribed, the
penalty of being disfranchised should not be vis-
ited on the whole State of Wisconsin.
Suppose that, instead of the failure to cast this
vote at the proper time having resulted from ac-
cident, it had resulted from fraud; suppose it had
resulted front collusion orconnivance: would you
visit this high penalty on the people of a State,
because their electors failed £0 meet together at
the prescribed hour? If they failed to arrive at
the State capital on the 3d of December, and
arrived on the 4th, are the whole people, who
have done everything that the Constitution and
laws required them to do, to be visited with this
tremendous penalty of disfranchisement, simply
because the form of casting; these votes on the
3d day of December has notbeen complied with?
I say not, sir; and just exactly as you stick to
forms anddepart from substance, you depart from
the spirit of the Constitution, and you will come
to that result to which the British Parliament
came-when they gave a man a seat in the House
of "Commons as a representative, from the Mid-
dlesex district, I think, who had received only
two hundred votes, and turned out a man who
-received fourteen hundred. Why was that? Be-
cause of exactly the same stickling at form,
and netting aside of substance, which would
decide that the vote of Wisconsin now should not
be counted.
It is fortunate for us that this election is decided
.irrespective of this vote; but there is a principle
here which I am notwilling to see trampled down;
and I am not willing to submit to have it con-
ceded away, as it has been by almost every one
who has spoken, cxcept my honorable friend"
from New York, [Mr. Seward;] and even he
seems to approach it so timidly as not to have
formed an opinion on it. Sir, I was born with*
an opinion on that question, and I have always
entertained it. My opinion always has been that
form shall yield to substance. When the people"
have spoken, and have done everything to give
force and effect to their sentiments, they should-
not be deprived of the constitutional result to
which they have come, by an accident happening
to the agents whom they have selected and made;
the depositary of their trust. But, sir, this occa-
sion will not be entirely useless, if it suggests to
the distinguished men of the Senate, the leading
men of the Senate — I mean those who shape-
legislation here—the necessity of a law 
Mr. WADE. The higher law?
Mr. HALE. No, sir. The law that is going
to set aside the will of the people is a higher law.
I say, this occasion will not be useless if it sug-
gests the form of a law which shall prescribe the"
manner in which this subject shall be regulated#
I think there is, and has been for a long time, a
necessity for such a law. If this incident, or ac->
cident, or whatever you choose to call it, shall
suggest the necessity for such a lay/, I think it
will not be without profit.
Mr. BUTLER. I have a resolution to offer,
which I hope will be voted upon, and I think it
will settle the question. I am willing to acquiesce
in the decision of the Chair, provided the record
will hereafter show what I jregard to be the true
state of the case.
Th"c PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will say to the Senator from South Carolina that
a motion has been offered by the Senator from
Virginia, which is the question now before the
Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I have been requested by sev-
eral friends to withdraw that proposition. I with-
draw it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolution
of the Senator from South Carolina will be read
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Whereas, the Senate having met the ITou-^e of Ilepre
tentative4;, in accordance with the fifth section of the act
of the 1st of March, i/02, lelative to the election of Presi-
dent and Vice President or the United tft.ite^ and the elect-
oral vote* having been opened by the Prc-Uent of the
Senate 111 the presence of the two Houses of Congiess, and
counted by the tellers appointed on the part ot the two
IIoiise=, and it appearing that James Buchanan, of Penn-
sylvania, had received 374 votes, John C. Fremont, of Cal-
ifornia. 109 votes, and Millard Fillmore, of New York, 8
votes, for President of the United States; and that John 0,
Breckinridge, of Kentucky, had received 174 votes, William
L. Dayton, of New Jersey, 109 votes, and Andrew J. Don-
elaon, of Tennessee, 8 votes for Vice President; and the
same having been duly declared by the Pi cedent of the
Senate in the presence of the two Houses •
Resolved, That the Senate are of opinion that tlie Con-
stitution and laws have been duly executa!, and that no
futther declaration of tbes-c facts is neces-san than the an-
nouncement that James Buchanan is elected Pre:?dfnt of
the United States, and John C. Bi eckinridge dected Vice
President of the United States.
Mr. COLLAMER. Ifthatresolution be passed,
it in effect disposes of the question respecting the
Wisconsin votes, and rejects them. It is totally
unnecessary to pass on that question, and I think
it is not desirable to do so. I propose to amend
the resolution so as to make it a simple statement
that James Buchanan having received one hun-
dred and seventy-four votes, and that number
being a majority of the whole number of electors,
is elected President of the United States; and that
John C. Breckinridge having received the same
number of electoral votes, which is a majority of
the whole number, is elected Vice President of
the United States, and that the same having been
properly announced, no further proceedings are
required. I would pi*efer to have a resolution in
this simple language, leaving out all detail, simply
stating the result, and then make it a joint reso-
lution requiring- the action of both Houses.
Mr. BUTLER. If the proposition takes that
form, I shall not object materially, but I cannot
consent to receive any other than actual votes. I
ask, and insist upon, a decision of this question,
because I desire it to be understood that I do not
