1857-
THE CGNGRE^QISAL. Gi*OBE.
intend to put into the volume of history a fact
that is not so. 1 am not like the Senator from
New Hampshire, who was born with an.optnion.
Mr. COJLLAMER. I wish to add to my pro-
posed amendment, that the President ana Vice
President elect be informed of the result,
"Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont will be adopted foranother
reason. The resolution of the Senator from
South Carolina, in my judgment, does not recite
the facts. As I before stated, I do not think 1 am
mistaken in the fact that it was announced that
JohtrC. Fremont had received 114 votes, and not
109 votes.
Mr. WILSON. The annunciation was "114,
including 4he vote of Wisconsin."
Mr. TOOMBS. That, however, was the an-
nouncement of the Chair, that he had received
114 votes. This resolution says it was announced
that he got 109 votes.
Mr. BUTLER. It does not say " was an-
nounced," but " be announced."
Mr. TOOMBS. My only solicitude on the
subject was as I stated before 
Mr. BUTLER. If my friend from Georgia
will allow me, 1 will accept the amendment at
once.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am glad that it has been ac-
cepted. My solicitude on the subject was this:
The Chair Laving announced that it did not decide
whether the vote of Wisconsin was counted or
not as a good vote, then my objection was, that
the Chair so ruled nfc not to permit it to be decided.
Certainly the Presiding Officer was of opinion that
there was no authority to decide it; for, whether
he determined that the vote was a good vote or
not, the Chair having said that it did not decide
that pointdetermined that it shouM nut be decided
at all. I want no such fact spread on the record.
I again affirm, as I did before, that it is compe-
tent for the two Houses, m their separate capaci-
ties, to decide which are the votes under the Con-
stitution. It is expressly declared by the Constitu-
tion that " the votes" shallbe counted, but notby
the officers of this body, or of the other House, or
by tellers, but it is by law provided that they shall
be opened and counted before the two Houses.
The point is, what are the votes to be counted ?
I insist that nothing shall, by legal intendmentor
implication, assert the doctrine that anybody can
determine what are votes except the Senate and
House of Representatives, or that any one can
prevent them from deciding that question. That
is all I wish to be provided against.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tltc ord< r that
was made by the Senate of the United States pre-
scribing the mode of counting the votes for Pres-
ident and Vice President is not a joint resolution.
It is a resolution of the Senate, in which the
House of Representatives concurred. The entry
in the House of Representatives is:
" Is the Hoi'si; of Ui vrchvt ltivm, February o, 38,77.
"Ilesoleed, That the Hoii-e of Representatives concur in
the foregoing resolution o! the Senate."
That resolution prescribed to the Presiding
Officer simply this duty. The resolution provided
for the appointment of a teller on the part of the
Senate, and two tellers on the part of the House
of Representatives. It required of those tellers
to,make a h&t of the votes as they should be de-
clared; then " that the result shall be delivered to
the President of the Senate pro tempore, who shall
announce the state of the vote, and the persons
elected, to the two Houses assembled as afore-
said. " The President of the Senate, having
received the list from the tellers, announced us
the state of the vote, the state of the vote as it ap-
peared on that list. In the list the vote of Wis-
consin was assigned to John C. Fremont, and the
Chair so read it. The Presiding Officer did no
more than give the result as stated by the tellers,
and then, in the further discharge of the dutyde-
yolved upon the Presiding Officer by the concur-
rent resolution, he announced the person who
was elected, the Constitution providing that " the
person having the greatest number of votes for
President shall be the President, if such number
be a majority of the whole number of electors
appointed." The Presiding Officer in his own
judgment believed then, as he believes now, that
he declared correctly, as the state of the vote, that
James Buchanan had received the greatest num-
' ber, and that that number was a majority of the
whole number of electors, not undertaking to de-
cide, and not having decided, whether tne votes
of the State of Wisconsin had been given to' John
C. Fremont or not—a powerthat the Chairutterly
disclaims and never asserted.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let the resolution be read
as I have amended it, which the' Senator from
South Carolina accepts.
- The Secretary read, as follows:
Whereas, having met the House of Representatives in
accordance with the fifth section of the aet of March 1,
1792, relative to thu election of President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States, and the electoral votes having
been opened by the President of the Senate in the piesenee
of the two Houses of Congress, and counted by the tellers
appointed on the part of the two Houses, and it appearing
that James Buchanan, of Pennsylvania, had received one
hundred and seYenty-four votes, sueli number being a 'ma-
jority of all the electoral votes of the several States, and
that John C. Hteekinridge. of Kentucky, had received one
hundred and seventy-four votes, such number being a ma-
jority of all the electoral votes of the seveial States, as
Vice President of tiie United States, and the same having
been duly declared by the President of the Senate m the
presence of the lwo Houses: Thercfoie,
Repaired by the Senate and llsuse of llcprescntrrfivc; nf
the United States of Amerka in Congress assembled, That
the two Houses are of opinion lhat the Constitution and
laws have been du!> executed, and rhat no furthei declaia-
tion of these facts is necessary than the announcement that
James liuehanan, of Pennsylvania, is elected Piesident of
the United State-,, and John C. Bteekmndge, of Kentucky,
is elected Vice Picsidcnt of tin: United States.
Mr. TOUCEY. I do not rise for the purpose
of entering into a debate on any question which
has been raised. 1 think it due to the Presid-
ing Officer of the Senate to say that ho did not
undertake to admit, or to exclude, the vote of
Wisconsin, or to express any opinion on lhat
question, because it was entirely immaterial to
the result to be announced. I understand the
' Chair to decide that, m joint convention, there is
i no propriety tn deliberating or debating, and 1 do
not understand that there is any diversity of opin-
ion in the Senate on that point. There is no ques-
tion, I think, anywhere, that when the Senate
and House of Representatives are together for the
purpose of witnessing the counting of the votes
given for President of the United States, there can
be no action. If there is to be any action, or de-
liberation with a view to action, the two Houses
must separate, deliberate, and act separately.
That was the course which I understood the
Chair to indicate—nothing more than lhat.
If the tellers had made u written report, such
as has been presented here in the Senate, there
would have been no question—there would have
been no difficulty—because that presents dis-
tinctly the number of votes given, and leaves out of
the count the votes of Wisconsin as being doubt-
ful whether they would be counted or not, and
expresses no opinion on that point; but the'result
being the same, the declaration was made by the
Chair. I have no objection to the resolution pro-
posed, as amended by the Senator from Vermont,
or leaving the whole subject in the condition in
which it is understood on all sides to be. f hope,
therefore, we shall act on it promptly, if at
all.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I am very
reluctant to occupy any portion of the Senate's
time. It seems to me that there is really no ground
for discussion, in the first place, I believe that
the Presiding Officer discharged correctly the con-
stitutional and lawful duty assigned to him while
j this body was in the Hall of the House ot Repre-
sentatives. He was bound to open, in the pres-
' ence of the two Houses, the electoral votes which
he had received. The law vested him with no
discretionary power to decide as to the validity
and legality of those votes.
In the next place, it was proper that ho should
make the announcement which he did make, m
pursuance of the Constitution and law. He has
carried out, in my opinion, m these two acts—
opening the votes received by him, and announc-
ing" the result—all the functions delegated to him
by the Constitution and law. 1 look upon every
subsequent act by either l>ody,oi both bodies, as
done without leg&i or constitutional authority.
There was no means by which a decision could
be had in the House of Representatives upon the
-validity or insufficiency of the votes, and there-
fore the President of this body was estopped from
taking action thereon.
Mr. President, I call for the reading of the 2d
rule of the Senate, which prohibits conveisation
while a Senator is speaking.
The PRESIDENT pro import. Senators willy
please not converse in the Hall. Does the Sen-
ator from Texas insist o  the reading of the 2d -
rule?  '' '
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 seldom speak in this body, ;
and 1 do not ask for the reading of this rule with '
relation to myself; but I desire to hear what is
going on. I suggest that hereafter the Sergeant-"
at-Arms put out of this Chamber every persori.
who whispers sufficiently loud to be heard above '
the voice of the speaker. Sir, I well remember'
the august and solemn appearance of this body
some twenty years ago when the Fathers sat
here. Then it was a majestic body indeed. There
was something awful in its appearance. The sol-
emn stillness, the gravity of Senators, the propri-
ety of conduct, the silent auditory—all impressed
the spectator with a solemn awe when he entered
this Chamber or came into its galleries or lobbies:
The House of Representatives, too, was silent. If
there a voice was heard in tin: galleries, instantly'
the eye of the Speaker rested upon the Sergeant^
at-Arms, and a messenger or the Sergeant in per-
son immediately repaired to the individual in ther!
gallery and touched him, and there was silence:
If a member sat in an indecorous position, or laid
his foot upon his desk, the Speaker sent his page
with this message: "The compliments of
Speaker to Mr. , and he will please take down'
liis foot;" and he never put it dp a second time.
There was grandeur about legislation then; there
was impressive awe. Then, when you came into
the Senate Chamber, there was no hum, no noise,
no whispering, no talking; and legislation then
was as beneficial to the country as it is at this
hour. The time is coming when this body will be
hurried and pressed with business, and the tumult
of business will be sufficient without the noise
and hum of conversation. I shall protest against
it, and suggest that the President have his eye on
thcSorgeant-at-Arms, and that he main tain silence
in this Chamber and in the galleries.
Now, sir, after this digression, most important,
and I am sorry to say necessary, I will proceed
with my remarks. When the votes were counted,
and when the Presiding Officer announced the
individual constitutionally elected President of
the United States, all his functions ceased. It was
not material whether the tellers certified the result
or not. It was before the nation when the an-
nouncement was made to the constitutional bodies
to bear attestation of the facts. There was no ne-
cessity of further action; and every attempt at it
on a supposed contingency was unnecessary and
improper. There isjio law determining in what
manner a vote shall be rejected; and if Congress
has failed to pass laws for -egulating a contin-
gency of this kind, or to say how it shall be de-
termined, it cannot be determined, no matter what
the consequence may be.
Every act done beyond the constitutional func-
tions imposed on the President of this body m
this instance, is a revolutionary act. This very
resolution is not known to the Constitution, nor
is it known to the laws of Congress, and it is
therefore of itself revolutionary. If in this mat!er
anything be done which is not known to the Con-
stitution and laws, it is done in violation of them:
and is not only a nullity,'; but is revolutionary in
jj its character. You may say it is only a form;"
'j but, sir, it is a form not known to the Constitu-
|l tion, and I invoke this body not to adopt such
i! forms, lest they become substance. There is no
i evil arising from the insufficiency or illegality of
I the vote of Wisconsin in this case, and there is no
i necessity for adopting a resolution which merely
'! goes to a matter of form and has no validity,
i because it is not known to the law or the Constt-
1 tution. I maintain that the election is good, con-
, sututional, and lawful. That is the announce-
ment made ill conformity with the Constitution
! and the law, and the election is valid without any
'■ plastering up by resolutions of this kind. I have
no doubt of thu opinion of every individual here
i; as to the validity of the election. It is not neces- ^
,sary to decide the question of the Wisconsin vote.
i There is a constitutional majority without it, and
no action of this body or ot the House of Rep-
' rosentatives is required. The President of the
' Senate has told the nation what is the result, tie
i, is the organ for communicating the votes of the
electoral college to this nation, and his announce-
i! ment gives it all the validity that a thousand res-
i' olutions could do, without law, without prcce-
