no-ar proceed toqgen and'count tho votes which
have been divert .for a President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States, for the term prescribed
by the Constitution, to commence on tr\e 4th day
or Marchj'185T."" The teller appointe.d on the
pdrtof'the Senate, and the two tellers appointed
oj'the'part of thd" H'oiiSe, will please take the seats
assigned them in discharge of their du.ties. •
'Mr.' if?iGLER, the teller appointed on the part of ■
the Senate, and Messrs. Joii$s, of Tennessee", and |
Howard, the twd tellers appointed on the part of1
the House, took their seats at the Clerk's desk. '
The Presiding Officer thereupon proceeded
to open and hand to the tellers the votes of the
several States for President and Vice President of
the.United States, commencing with the State of
Maine. ^
Pending the count,
Senator CASS said: I suggest that it is better
to read the results of the vole, and not the certifi-
cates in full, unless the reading o£ the certificates
be called for.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Presiding
Officer considers that the duty of counting the
vote has devolved on the tellers under the concur-
rent order of the two Houses; and he considers,
further, that the tellers should determine for them-
selves in what way the votes are verified to them,
and l-ead as much as they may think proper to
the two Houses assembled
_ The tellers discontinued the reading of the cer-
tificates in full, and merely announced the votes
of each State. It appeared from the certificate
of the electors of the State of Wisconsin that the
electoral vote of that State had not been cast on
the day prescribed by law.
Mr. LETCHTiR.. If I understand the vote
which has just been read, it has not been cast on
the day prescribed by law for voting for Pres-
ident and Vice'President of the United States.
. . what would be proper in a case of
this sort; but I desire now to call attention to it,
in order that the point may be brought to tin* at-
tention of the country. A time may comc when
it would be a matter of importance to have these ;
votes in regular slmpe. 1 desire, so far as I am I
concerned now,as a Representative of the people, 1
to present my objection to the reception of tiiis
vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Presiding
Officer consider^ that debute is! not in order while
the tellers are counting the votes.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose, Mr.
President, the proper way would be for the tilers
to report the facts to the convention of the two
Houses, and let them decide.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Presiding
Officer so considers.
IVIi. SMITH, of Tennessee. AVould it be m
order now to move that the vote of the State of
Wisconsin be received >
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It would net
be in order.
m'6 inw'ptf t'le votes llavillS boen concluded,
Mr. JUlNliS, of Tennessee, one of the tellers
reported. He said: Mr. President, the tellers
appointed on the part of the two Houses to count
arm report the votes given for President and Vtce
P-iesident of the United States, report that thev
have examined all the returns, and iind that they
were all regular, and that the votes wetv ct>hl on
the day required by law, except in the case of the >
votes cast by the electors of the State of Wisenu- i
sm. I heir returns show that they cast their!
electoral vote in that State on the 4th of December, <
JTS 01%f Wednesday of December, i
(which was the od,) as required by law. All:
the returns show that Jan,es Buchanan, of the !
State of Pennsylvania, received 174 votes for!
President of the United States; that John C. Fre- :
moii t, of the State of California, received— iiielud- i
■SS ,' -e, v,0tG,SrO- \V'BCOnsin—H4 votes for Pres- 1
identof the United States- that Millard Fillmore. '
of the State of iNew York, received 8 votes for
President of the United States; that John C.
Breckinridge, or the State of Kentucky, received
J/4 electoral votes for Vice President of the
United States; that "William L. Dayton, of the
btate of New Jersey, received—including the
nve votes of Wisconsin—114 electoral votes for
Vice President of the United States; and that
Andrew Jackson Donelson, of the State of Ten-
nessee, received 8 electoral votes for the Vice
■Presidency of the United States.
The following is thefull statement of the tellers:
February 11,
Statement of Votes for President and Vice President of the
United States,for four years from the 4th of March, 1857; "
29G
President.
States,
Mame ; -
New Hampshire ! -
Massachusetts j -
Rhode Island 1 -
Connecticut  
Veimont I _
New York ' .
New Jersey ! 7
Pennsylvania t 27
Delawaie 1 a
Mainland  ! -
Viigiiiia ' 15
North Carolina  j 10
South Carolina J 8
Georgia.    10
Kentucky 1 12
Tennessee   ! 13
Ohio 1 _
Louisiana 1 g
Mississippi   7
Inthana ! 13
nimoi.s   [1
Alabama 1 9
Missouri.'. : cj
Arkansas i 4
Michigan 1 _
Florida J 3
Texas 1 4
Iowa    -
Wisconsin J -
California ! 4
V. President.
Le:r
• j .
S'ixisf
5
' ;=3 o- "3
£
<
23
7 1
27 |
a |
15 i
101
8:
10 i
12 '
12!
_ !
6 i
7
13
11
9
23! -
1174 114 8 1174 1114
! Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order now to move
! to exclude the vote of "Wisconsin from that count?
i The PRESIDING OFFICER. No debate is
in order, in the opinion of the Presiding Officer
Senator CRITTKNDGN. Do I understand
the Chair to decide that Congress, In no form, hag
power to decide upon the validity or invalidity of
a vote?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Presidio
Officer has made no such decision, he will inform
the Senator from Kentucky. The Chair considers
that, under the law and the concurrent order of
the two Houses, nothing can be done here but to
count the votes by tellers, and to declare the vote
thus counted tn the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives sitting in this Chamber. What further
action may be taken, if any further action should
S be taken, will devolve upon the properly consti-
. tutetl authorities of the country—the Senate or
! House of'Representatives, as the case may be.
; J.he Chair was misunderstood by the Senator
from Kentucky in pursuance of the order of
; the two Houses, the Ptesiding Officer will now
j ^ftonnee the vote which has been delivered to
. him by the tellers.
, The■ PRESIDTNGOFFICER proceeded to re-
capitulate the vote as announced to the joint con-
\ention by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, one of the
tellers upon the part of the House, and then said:
hits it is reported by the tellers that the whole
number of electors appointed to vote for President
and Vice President of the United States is 296,
of Which 149 make a majority. The state of the
vote for President of the United States, as deliv-
ered by the tellers, is—for James Buchanan, of
'PHn®£lval?m> "4 votes; for John C. Fremont,
of California, 114 votes; for Millard Fillmore,of
Wew York, 8 votes: and the state of the vote for
Vice President of the United States, as delivered
by the tellers, is—for John C. Breclrinridge of
Kentucky, 174 votes; for William L. DaytonTof
New Jersey; 114 votes; and for Andrew J. Don-
elson, of Tennessee, 8 votes.
,further execution of the concurrent order of
the two Houses, the Presiding Officer therefore
declares that James Buchanan, of the State of
Pennsyivaina, havmg the greatest number of
votes for President, that number being a majority
p1 o , number of electors, has been duly
prescrft/d bvTh ^ r -ed States for the
prescribed by the Constitution, to commence on ■
the 4th of March, 1857. I also declare that John
C. Breckinridge, of the State of Kentucky, having
the greatest number of votes for Vice President,
and that number being a majority ofHhe whole
number of electors, has been duly elected Vice
President'of the United States for the term pre-
scribed by the Constitution, to commence on the
4th day of March, 1857.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Mr. President, I think
that it is a matter of public importance, not for
this occasion, but for some occasion which may
arise hereafter, that the ruling of the Chair upon
this occasion should be publicly excepted to. I
understand the Chair to have ruled that it is
within the competency and function, of the Pres-
ident of the Senate, in the presence of the Senate
and House of Representatives, to open certificates
and to count the votes, thereby giving to the
President of the Senate the function of counting.
Now, in the case which has arisen—the case of
Wisconsin—the President of the Senate, through
the tellers, announces the vote of Wisconsin, and
the vote of Wisconsin is therefore counted, upon
your decision. Whether that is-a vote or not
must depend upon the determination of this con-
vention; and if you will regard the verbiage of
the Constitution, you will find that your function
goes no further than to open the certificates. The
language of the Constitution is, that " the Pres-
ident of the Senate, in the presence of the House
of Representatives, shall open all the certificates-,"
and then the phraseology changes, and proceeds:
"and the votes shall be counted," not by you,
but by us; and whenever a vote is challenged,
this is the time, and this the only place, where a
determination can be formed whether it is a vote.
I merely want to raise the point, as we all know
it makes no difference in the result in this case,
but a case might arise in which it might make a
difference.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. Is debate in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Presiding
Officer would, state that, the votes having been
I counted and announced, the functions of the two
Houses, assembled for the purpose of counting
the votes, are dischafgr-d.
Senator TOOMBS. I except to that decision
of the Chair, and appeal from that judghf^nt. I
wish to enter my dissent from that decision, that
it may not be hereafter drawn into a precedent.
I do not consider it law, and I do not consider
that the Presiding Officer has a right to Sose the
mouths of Senators and Representatives here, in
whose hands the decision of [his question must
rest.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Presiding
Officer was about to state that the Constitution
provides that the President of the Senate shall, m
the presence of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, open ajl the certificates, and the votes
shall then be counted. The person having the
greatest number of votes shall be the President,
if such number be a majority of the whole number
of electors appointed. And so as to the Vice
President. The concurrent order of the two
Houses provides:
"That the two Houses will assemble in the Chamber of
the House of Representatives on Wednesday, the 11th in-
stant, at twelve o'clock, a ml the President of the Senate pro
tempore shall he the presiding ofne^i ; that one person lie
appointed atelier on the part or"the Senate, and two on the
part of the House of Ftcpjuaertntives, u> make a li.->t of the
votes as they shall be declaied ; that tho result shall be de-
livered to the Piesfdent o; the Senate pro tempore, who
shall announce (he state of the vote and the poisons elected
to the two TIou?c< assembled; whicii *hall be deemed a
declaiation of the person? elected President and Vice Pies-
ldent ot the United States, and, together with a list of
votes, entered on the Journals of the two Houses."
Mr. LETCHER. Will the Chair indulge me
for a moment?
Ihu PRESIDING OFFICER. The Presiding
Officer wjU be allowed to conclude what he was
saying. The Presiding; Officer considers that the
orhy duty imposed by the Constitution was, that
the vote should be counted in the presence of the
Senate and House of Representatives. He con-
siders that the votejias been counted bv the tell-
ers in the presence of the two Houses, and under
the charge, he presumes, of the Presiding Officer.
The tellers have reported the facts upon the vote.
In reference to one State, the State of Winconsin,
the tellers have reported that the vote of that State
was cast on a day different from that prescribed
by law. Tii% Presiding Officer is not aware that -
