•1857.
vm&mm&NML glSSE.
"Vhat effect, if any, such a difference'wodld Have
^>n the vote of that State can be decided by t\im.
ffor is it his duty to decide upon whom devolves
"the duty of determining what the effect may be.
"The Presiding Officeris further required ilo declare
[ihe whole vote as given. Thfit duty he has dis-
charged. He is further required to declare who
' has received a majority of the whole Vote from the
llist delivered to him by the tellers, and to declare
'such person elected President or Vice President,
'as tile case may be.
* Senator BUTLER. Mr. President, this is a
' question of rather a novel character, and I should
Xegret very much to see it come to bo regarded as
*a precedent. Now, sir, I should regard it myself
"as the most dangerous deviation from the Consti-
tution and law, that one State should assume,
'either by act or by%madvertence, or in any other
"Way, to give a vote at a different time from another
$tate; because if, when wc were electing a Chief
'"Magistrate of this Confederacy, the vote should
be so equally divided that one State, by reserving
'its power, in other words, by not voting at the
.time the other States did—postponing it one month
©rone day—with this telegraphic communication
' running to every part of the Union, would change
' the result, that State would be umpire in choosing
the President of the United States; and I am not
"feeing to allow any one State to he a corps de re-
serve in this matter, if I can hel[> it by my vote. I
"&Fn very decidedly of the opinion that the Chair
ought not to count the vote of "Wisconsin as a
- vote on this occasion.
Senator BIGLER. I am instructed by the
tellers to state to the President and the conven-
tion, that they have not yet signed this certificate,
and that they have determined to sign it only
When it sets forth all the facts. One of those facts
is with reference to the vote of Wisconsin—the
vote of that State not having boen cast on the day
prescribed by law. The certificate which they
Will sign will set forth that fact. As to the de-
termination on that discrepancy, the tellers have
no suggestion to make.
Senator CRITTENDEN. I shall not presume
- before Congress to occupy a moment's time with
argument. I wish merely to say that the sense
of duty, an honorable sense of duty I have no
doubt, upon which the Presiding Officer hasacted
in assuming to declare the number of votes, in-
volves the jy^ilcge of determining a presidential
• election, amPiaying who shall be President. I
protest against any such power.
Senator TOOMBS. I join with the Senatorin
that protest.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Presiding
: Officer is utterly unaware that he has assumed the
'exercise of any such power.
Senator TOOMBS. I consider that the Pre-
siding Officer has done so.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The concur-
rent order of the two Houses makes it the duty
of the President of the Senate to announce the
state of the vote, and the persons elected, to the
two Houses assembled. That duty he has dis-
charged, and none other.
Mr. ORR. I move that the vote of the State
of Wisconsin be rejected, and that the tellers be
instructed not to include it in their count. Mr.
President, I have but a few words to say. The
necessity of this action will, I think, be apparent,
if wc will look at the matter, assuming that the
vote of Wisconsin would determine the result.
Suppose the result of the election would depend
on the vote of that State: how would it be pos-
' sible to deelate who was elected until it hadbeen
decided whether or not that vote was to be re-
ceived .5 "Who is to decide that? The Constitu-
tion and the laws require that the two Houses shall
meet in joint convention, and that the votes of the
electors of the several States shall be opened and
counted before them.
Senator TOOMBS. What votes?
Mr. ORR. The votes for President and Vice
President. This, in my judgment, confers upon
them the power to determine whether a vote be
valid or invalid. Otherwise it i& a mere farce if
they arc called on only to witness the counting.
The counting'might just as well be done by the
Vice President or the I-Vesident of the Senate,
without the presence of the two Houses. But it
is to guard against an illegal vote being counted
that the twot Houses are required to be assembled
tog-ether. I therefore move that the vote of the
"State of Wisconsin, having been cast on & ct&y
different from that^provideu" by lato, be rejected,
and that the tellers be instructed to make up their
account accordingly. m
Senator CASS. I wish to submit a single
remark to the President and to the Senate, ,for I do
not consider that this convention can be addressed.
We can take no vote. How are we to votQ? .Per.
capita or by States ? Are we to vote as representa-
tives of the people or representatives of States?
If we cannot vote here, we cannot discuss. The
only thing which remains for us to do, if there are
insuperable difficulties in the way, is to adjourn
immediately to our respective Halls. Then let th$
Senate or the House of Representatives bring up
the matter Cor action. By the present proceeding
we are overturning the Government — we are
making this a national convention.
Senator BUTLER. I concur in that, and insist
on that mode of procedure. Let us preserve our
separate organized existence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The duty which
brought the Senate into this Hall having beendis-
charged, the Senate will return to its own Cham-
ber.
Senator SEWARD. I was about to propose
that.
ScnatorTOOMBS. I protest against that order.
We have the right to determine that question. I
enter my protest as a Senator from the State of
Georgia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Presiding
Officer is informed by the tellers that they have
not yet made out their certificate. [Laughter ]
Senator DOUGLAS. I rise to state that, in
my opinion , the tellers have no right to authen-
ticate that certificate until the two Houses have
passed upon it as to its being a true count. I lise
to protest against this joint, convention being dis-
solved until the question which has boon raised
shall have been decided.
Senator TOOMBS. That is xighl.
Senator DOUGLAS. I am Willi::., that the
Senate shall retire to its own Chamber to consider
and determine the question- in dispute; but I do
protest solemnly against the deed being done
before we have had an opportunity of deciding
this question.
Senator TOOMBS. I want to vote on it.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of order.
Who shall determine when the business for which
the joint convention assembled lias been con-
cluded? The Presiding Officer, or the body itself?
I understand that a motion is pending to adjourn
-the joint convention, and that, pending that mo-
tion, the President of the joint convention an-
nounces that it is dissolved, and that the Senate
will retire. Km I correct? If I am, then I insist
that the joint convention is not dissolved; and
that, if the Senate retire without any vote of the
two Houses, and pending a motion to adjourn,
it does not amount to a dissolution of the jdfnt
convention.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Presiding
OfRser would again refer to that clause of the
Constitution which, in his judgment, prescribes
the only functions to be discharged in this pres-
ence:
"The President of the Senate shall, m the prppcncp of
the Senate and Hoiwe of Rr>i)ro-,entamv«.opcii all the cer-
tificates*, and the votes shall then be counted."
Senator TOOMBS. What votes >
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The votes for
Presidentand Vice President of the United States.
ScnatorTOOMBS. That is the question, jjphat
are the votes ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (reading:)
"The person having the 2K\tt< ^.number of vote* for
President shall U the if such number to a ma-
jority of the vvnoie number 01 electors appointciL|#,and it
no p r.ioa have <>ueh majoiity,iln i« iroin the pci^on.! hawii,;
the luyhckt number, not i-u 'vriui^ throe on the h>tof
voted foi as President, the flou^e of Representatives shall
choose immediately by ballot a Pieaulent."
The Presiding Officer, therefore, again states it
as his judgment that the feuuate came here under
the Constitution only for the purpose of counting
the votes in the manner prescribed by the Con-
stitution—that the mode of doing it was provided
for, in addition, by the concurrent order of the
two Houses.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to inquire whether it
is notessential to the completion of this question,
that the motion of thg gentleman from South Car-
olina [Mr. Orr] to reject th* vote of the State of
Wisconsin sho.&d Be fiTStSelcrVftine'd?.
the object for which we assembled h$re :b.e de-
cided until we shall h'&ve'setftled tlie tjufeVti'oft "da
to whether the vote of a State is to be couftte'd l6r
not? For what purpose did we come here, if not
to decide such questions as the motibn'of tlie,gen-
tleman from South Carolina? I dliter with that
gentleman, and shall vote against his motion. B&t
it is a question the right to determine which I will
not surrender.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the pjnh-
ion of the Presiding Officer th?it^io vote call
taken as a joint vote by the two Houses thris
assembled, and that no motion calling for a vote
is in order. The Presiding Officer, therefore,
rules the motion out of order.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to submit a remark
here. The President of this joint meeting or con-
vention lias announced—and I think very prop-
erly—that the duty of the joint convention is to
count the votes given by the electors in the several
States. The proposition which I submit is, that
we have not yet counted them. That is the only
question here—have we counted the votes from
the State of Wisconsin? It is alleged on the part
of some gentlemen here, that there ar** votes from
the State of Wisconsin to be counted. Tt is
alleged by some others, that there are no vot^s
here from Wisconsin to be counted. Does^ Che
certificate from the doctors of that State certify^
vote, a legal vote, of which we ought to take cog-
nizance. No final certificate of our action here
has yet been made; and the two Houses are at
issue, not as separate bodies, but individuals of
both bodies seem to differ in opinion as to whether
there is or is not a vote from Wisconsin here,
which,according to the Constitution and the laws,
we are to count. It isbutof slight importance in
this particular case, but may become of vast im-
portance as a precedent on some future occasion.
Now, in reference to what should be done with
the alleged vote of Wisconsin, I differ from many
gentlemen. My own opinion is, that we oiyght
to count that vote for John C. Fremont and Wil-
liam L. Dayton. But it is right that gentlemen
here who think that we ought not to count jt
should be heard on this subject, cither here, or in
the separate Hotises by the members thereof, arjd
that this convention should by some mode co'ltte
to a conclusion. It is understood, I believe, as a
matter of history—I do not know whether thefe*
is any proof on the subject—that it was an act'rif
Providence, so to speak, which prevented the
electors of the State of Wisconsin from meeting
and giving their vote on the precise day appointed
bylaw, the 3d of December. My own individual
judgment on this subject is, that when the electors
of a State arc prevented from meeting on the day
fixed by law, cither by public enemies or by the
actof God— and when nothing appears to impeach
the good faith of the electors, ana they cast their
vote at the earliest practical moment—such votes
are the lawful electoral votes of the State, and
should be counted by the two Houses on an occa-
sion like this; otherwise the people of such State
will be utterly disfranchised, when they have per-
formed every possible duty incumbent upon them
under the Constitution. I'hc acts of God and of
public enemies have always been held to excuse
men from the performance of an incumbent duty.
On the other hand, the Senator from South Car-
olina [Mr. Butler] declares that, in his opinion,
such votes ought not to be counted, and in effect
the State ought to be disfranchised. Now, I do
not propose to settle that question; but I do say
that we ought not finally to leave this Hall as
joint convention, and finally to separate, and
abandon our duty under the Constitution in this
lvg.ird, until we have put the public mind of the
country at rase on the question as to whether the
votes of Wisconsin are to be counted or not; and
I, too, wish to enter my protest against the Presi-
dent of the Senate and the tellers settling ttoe* ques-
tion for us, and in spite of us, as to whether the
votes of a State shall be counted or not, and
whether she shall be disfranchised or not, under
such circumstances.
Senator HUNTER. I rise to a question of
order. I wish to know how we can debate ques-
tions in joint convention? Each House must
debate the question for itself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 1 he Presiding
Officer would inform the Senate and House of
Representatives thus assembled that the tellers
