THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
and the President of the Senate cannot, of. his
own mere will, give that vote any force or validity
in that election, or declfte a result to which the
House has not agreed by a count of the votes.
You say the joint meeting has closed. The
' Constitution provides that, when the votes are
^ then, counted," if it shall appear that'a candidate
has the majority, he shalbbe President. The law
'of 1792 says, on the second Wednesday in Feb-
ruary the certificates shall be opened, the votes
counted, and the persons who are to fill the offices
qf President and Vice President shall be ascertained
L'ahd declared agreeably to the Constitution. Ascer-
tained by whom sir? — declared by whom, sir?
* Is the President of the Senate to ascertain it—is
he to declare it — agreeably to the Constitution ?
^Or, are the Houses, in the presence of each other,
to ascertain the fact; and are they to declare,
through their respective organs, and in the pres-
ence of each other, who are the persons to fill
these offices ? Until the fact has been ascertained
* and declared by the sanction of the House, I say
"it has not been done " agreeably to the Constitu-
tion." Suppose, sir, that the House should not
agree to the result as declared by the President of
the Senate—not in this case, for here there is no
doubt who is elected, and we are only trying tode-
: termine what is proper, and to do that properly—
' suppose that the result depended on this vote of
~ Wisconsin, and that vote had been challenged, as
- ithas been to-day: would you,or any othermem-
ber of this House, say that vote could be counted
"vand the result declared tvithout the concurrence of
' this House ? Or, would not the House of Repre-
sentatives undertake, in such an event, to judge
'for itself whether the majority had been cast—
' whether the vote had been counted agreeably to the
" Constitution — and whether it would or would
not, in pursuance of a duty devolved on it by the
Constitution, procecd to elect a President of the
"United States agreeably to'the constitutional re-
quisition, in the event of a failure of any one to
have a majority ? The House holds in its own hands
the means of protecting its own dignity, and of pre-
serving the substantial requisitions of the Constitution,
by seeing that the votes are properly counted.
Mr. CRAIGE. I understood the Chair to an-
nounce that it would receive a proposition touch-
ing the joint convention. 1 suggest, therefore, the
propriety of a motion, to the effect that this House
will appoint a committee of three or live to confer
with a comniiltee on the part of the Senate as to
the mode of bringing this matter to a close.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. There may-be much
in that proposition that is wise, but I cannot give
way now for its introduction, as I want to~con-
clude without turning away from the grave ques-
tion on which the House is now deliberating.
Has the constitutional requirement been fulfilled
of counting the votes for-President and Vice Pres-
ident, and ha*$ the subject been disposed of by the
decision of the President of the Senate, though a
vote proposed to be counted was objected to by
* the member from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] and
before the House has acted upon that objection;
or we have consulted as to whether it .shall be
counted? Has the joint meeting closed, and is
the House now in session to proceed with the
ordinary business ?v I«f the purpose of the Con-
stitution has been accomplished and -properly met,
and we are to proceed to the usual routine of-busi-
ness, the Speaker's decision of the pending point
is correct. If we are here to deliberate as to*our
consent to register and count the vote of Wiscon-
sin, then the decision of the Chair must be erro-
neous. But, sir, if the Houses have not in the
presence of each other counted the votes, and the
Speaker is right in saying the joint meeting has
closed, a question might arise whether we have
ascertained the election of the President and Vice
President agreeably to the Constitution.
For ray own part, I am unwilling to believe that
thi^pouse means to surrender its own powers,
anato agree to the exclusion of the House from a
fair participation in the duty of ascertaining and
disclosing the result* That is the real point at
issue here, to be decided on this'appeal. Will
the House say that the President of the Senate
has a right to proclaim who is elected President
or Vice President of the United States, when no
certificate of the fact was signed even by the tel-
lers or certified to him, when no count has been
verified by the House as a House; but, on the
contrary, a vote is disputed by a member of the
House? Will the retirement of the President of
the Senate " with his Senate at his heels," if in-
tended to be fihal, overcome the House, and make
usyield our constitutional privilege? IftheSpeaker
of the House announces that there is no longer
any joint convention, and if the whole thing be
broken up in confusion, the question may very
well arise as to what then becomes the duty of
the House of Representatives?
I know very well that the President of the
Senate finally said that the tellers had made their
report; but, as I understood him, the tellers had
not completed it. I heard one of the tellers say
that they did not intend to certify until some event
occurred which had not then transpired, and in that
state of facts the Senate retired from the House.
The question is, for what purpose ? to consult as
to their vote, or upon the assumption that their
office here had been performed fully ? If the latter,
what will this House say?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Will the gentle-
man allow me a moment?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Will the gentleman
say what he has to say when I have done? I
want to guard the House, if possible, against
wrong action, and to induce it to do what is proper
for its own dignity and due to the propriety of
the occasion. ^
Mi\ SMITH, of Tennessee, I want to correct
the impression which the gentleman is making.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. It seems almost im-
possible for a Representative to speak here except
under continued interruption. Upon a subject
like this, I did hope that what I had to say could
have been said to attentive ears without this; but
as it is otherwise, I prefer to yield the floor rather
than to conclude under a continued stream of in-
terrogations, and I yield the floor entirely.
Mr. QUITMAN. I think, sir, that if the
House will reflect upon the consequences of any
misstep in its proceedings now, it will deliberate
calmly and maturely as to the proper mode which
ought to be pursued. It was my fortune upon one
occasion to sit as the presiding officer over two
legislative bodies assembled in convention—not,
I confess, as turbulent bodies as those I have seen
here to-day. Questions of a similar character to
these arose, and I have been obliged to give them
some attention. But what I wish to impress upon
this House now is, that unless some conciliation
and some prudent measure takes place, this is
but the commencement of a revolution. [" Hear,
henr'"] Do you suppose, gentlemen, that a major-
ity of the people of the United States who, through
their electoral colleges, have selected a President
of the United States, will quietly subfhit, on ac-
count of some technical proceeding, to see that
selection made by this body? And, Mr. Speaker,
unless we get out of tlus dilemma, I know not
how we are to cure it.
The question, then, is this—and it was properly
put by the gentleman from South Carolina who
introduced this resolution: was the joint conven-
tion of the two Houses terminated by the with-
drawal of the Senate ? No, sir; it was terminated
by no act of either branch of this convention.
The convention still exists in contemplation of
law. It was said by the honorable gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. H. Marshall] that we
assembled here in convention as two distinct
bodies, and that we must even vote upon every
question, even questions of order, when appealed
to, as separate bodies. In the case to which I
referred, the President of the Senate took a vote I
o| the Senate in the presence of the House, and
the Speaker of the House took a vote of the House
upon the same subject, to save time?, in the pres-
ence of the Senate. But here the Senate, over
whose proceedings as a distinct body we have no
control, have seen fit to return—not to break up ;
the joint convention, not to dissolve it, but to i
return to their own Chamber, as we are to believe, !
though not officially informed of it, to deliberate [
upon and decido questions which arose while the
joint convention was in existence. But, sir, are
we to suppose that the Senate have abandoned
the business which was before that body? It is
still before this body, and that is the business
before us; and until it is disposed of, in my judg-
ment nothing else is in order. Therefore, it is
perfectly right and proper that this House should
take up the subject, decide it, and respectfully
communicate the result of our action to the Senate,
and invite the Senate to return*, and continue and
conclude the business for which we assembled
together.
Mr. STAN-TON. I have no idea of permitting
this question of the power of the Presiding Officer
of the joint convention to be overslaughed. I
think my friend from Kentucky [Mr. H. Mar-
shall] makes a mistake when he assumes that
because each House has a right to a separate vote,
that therefore the two Houses can separate with-
out dissolving the joinfeonvention. I think the
decision of the Chair is correct upon this point
of order; and I very much regret that this ques-
tion as to the right to decide upon the validity and
legality of a vote for President should be compli-
cated with a question of order.
Now, sir, the question as to whether or not these
two Houses are in convention,is a physical fact,
determinable by observation. The question as
to whether the two Houses must vote per capita
upon all questions while in joint convention, is a
question to be decided at the proper time, and in
the proper place. But assuming that gentlemen
are correct in saying that each House is entitled
to a separate vote, it by no means follows that
the joint convention should be suspended or dis-
solved, or that the two Houses should separate.
I apprehend that it is an every-day occurrence in
the Legislatures of the several States, when as-
sembled in jointconvention,that the Clerk ofeach
branch of the body calls his own branch,and re-
cords its vote, and the Presiding Officer of each
branch announces the vote of each branch to the
joint convention.
But, sir, I take it that whenever the Senate or
the House, which goes into the Chamber where
the joint convention is to meet, and there proceeds
to the consideration of the business which de-
volves upon it, and withdraws, that withdrawal,
not professedly for any temporary purpose, not
professedly for the puipose of consultation, not
with the avowed purpose of returning to resume
the joint convention, does dissolve the joint con-
vention. I do not see how there is any escape
from that conclusion.
I regret that this question as to the right of a
joint convention to decide upon the electoral vote
of a State, should be complicated with a question
as to the priority of business. I hope the vote
will be taken. Why will not gentlemen permit
the result to be announced upon the motion of the
gentleman from Missouri to lay the report of the
Committee of Elections upon th^btable ?
Mr. CRAIGE. However it may be in theory,
I apprehend there is no difficulty in point of fact
as to whether we are in joint convention or not.
Whether it has adjourned, or is merely suspended,
is a matter of no moment. It is clear that we are
not now in joint convention. 1 apprehend that it
was the intention of the Senate to consult about
this very matter; and therefore I propose, if it is
in order, to move that a committee of three be ap-
pointed upon the part of the House, to confer with
a like committee upon the part of the Senate upon
the subject of the reassembling of the joint con-
vention.
Mr. ORR. Idesire to modify my proposition.
I propose the following, in lieu of the resolution
offered originally:
Ordered, That when the Senate shall return to this House
to complete, m joint convention, in pursuance of the Older
of the two IIout.es, already adopted, the counting of the
votes for President and Vice Pit^ideut of the United States,
the vote of any State canton a day other than that provided
by law, to wit, the 3d of December ia-st, shall be i ejected
by the tollers of this Hou.-o.
Ordered, That the Clerk acquaint the Senate with the
foregoing ouler of this House.
The SPEAKER. The proposition, in the opin-
ion of the Chair, is in order as a matter of priv-
ilege.
Mr. ORR. I have very little to say. It seems
to me that that is perhaps the best way of reliev-
ing ourselves of the present difficulty. If there
be gentlemen here, as I have no doubt there are
from the intimations which have fallen from some
of them, who think that the vote of the State of
Wisconsin ought to be counted, let them move an
amendment to the order. My own opinion is that
the vote ought not to be counted. dt was not cast
on the day prescribed by law. If the States bo
allowed to cast their electoral votes on different
days, you will put it in the power of the electors
of the States to make-combinations, so as to secure
the election of a President and Vice President
against the voice and will of the people.
