1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sentatives are to be present as witnesses. In the
contemplation of the framers of the Constitution,
what could have been meant by this? The idea
was, that we were not to go into executive ses-
sion, nor by some secret cabal or clandestine
arrangement, get together here and have a coup
d'etat, and make a President. But the contempla-
tion of the Constitution was, that the House of
Representatives were to be present as witnesses,
to see that the count was fair; that the Senate were
to regulate the mode of counting, and that we
should not have a secret session and exclude the
other House. We might invite them here; and
as a matter of courtesy between the two Houses,
probably we ought to have invited them here.
You know, sir, how these matters are gener-
ally arranged. Some person who is super-offi-
cious, and wishes to get placed at the head of a
committee, and get his name in print—I will not
say in this body or in the other House, but any-
where else you please—gets up and moves that
such a thing bo done. You go there, with the
officers of your House, dressing up your Secre-
tary of the Senate and the Sergeant-at-Arms in
the insignia of office, one man taking the right,
and the other the left, just as they do at an Eng-
lish dinner.
The Constitution, in m ^judgment, is that these
votes are to be returned to us, and counted by us,
and the House of Representatives are admitted
to be present at the count to prevent a combina-
tion, a clandestine operation, a secret session, a
coup d'etat. The idea is that the people's Rep-
resentatives, having a right to look on, by their
majesty, by their presence, representing the
people in their integrity and in their might, may
overawe us, and preventus from acting unfairly.
They are present to know the result, when it is
declared. I suppose that the reason the House
of Representatives have never met in this Cham-
ber for this purpose, and have not been invited
here, was that we had no place m which to put
them, and we were compelled to go to their Cham-
ber, because we had not tables enough at dinner
to accommodate them. That is the whole mat-
ter. We had a right to pass, and ought to have
passed on these votes; and I will tell you why
we ought to have the right to pass upon them.
The States return their votes to our Presiding
Officer. Because I speak of States, do not sup-
pose that I am going off on that second constitu-
tion, the Resolutions of '98 and '99; I do not
suppose what I have said is anything eliminated
from the occult virtues of those resolutions; they
were passed by my own State, and I do not want
to quarrel with my grandfather. I say the votes
were to be returned to the Senate, and counted
by the Senate. The Senate has to be in session
as a body. I do not wish to be committed by
anything I did or did not do yesterday; for %vhen
members of the other House got up and com-
menced speaking, while this body was in session
in the other Hall, I left. I did not desire to call
them to order, but I say they had no right to
speak. They are like witnesses in the presence
of a court. They have a right to look on, but
not to participate. All that was done by them
yesterday was out of order and improper. The
votes must be counted, and counted as the votes
of States. Why so counted ? There are Ohio,
New York, and J^ennsylv-ania, which might, in
the first place, send on a fraudulent list; and if
you were to have a joint convention, as the mem-
bers of the other House proposed, what would
be the result? Those three States would weigh
down two dozen such States as Florida, Arkan-
sas, Delaware, Rhode Island, or New Jersey;
and they might sd$l on a fraudulent list; and
those very identical States, by their overpower-
ing voice in such a convention, could carry out
the fraud. -
I do not blame you, sir, under the novelty of
the case, arising, as it did, for having listened to
those men of the other House. I suppose a great
many of them there would have thought the pro-
ceeding could never be fixed and never be finished,
and never be a done-up job, unless they had a
say in it. I do not believe they had a right to say
anything, or to interpose, or be heard at all. The
votes were sent to you, sir; and you were to have
them counted under the Constitution. The mem-
bers of that House were to be witnesses, that the
proceedings might not be done clandestinely, nor
lu a caucus or cabal. They looking on in that
way, and you having the votes, and counting
them, when you came to the returns from the
State of Wisconsin you might have very properly
said: " Gentlemen, under (he law of 1792, and
under the Constitution, a certain day is prescribed
for the meeting of the electors; this vote was not
cast on that day. Shall we count it?" Then any
Senator might have moved that it should be
counted; but what right had a witness—a mem-
ber of the lower House—to put in at all ? We
were standing there to count the votes for Pres-
ident of the United States — the votes of every
State; and your only security for State rights
was, that nobody else should interfere; that when
you came to this vote you should pass upon it,
whether it should be counted or not. That is the
right view of the case.
Talk aboutan amalgamation of the two Houses !
I do not know what the precedents are, though
allusions have been made to them. I do not con-
sider myself committed by anything that trans-
pired; I do not commit any future Congiess,
much less commit posterity /by what transpired
yesterday, because by the Constitution, the Sen-
ate, the representatives of the States, are to su-
pervise the counting of the votes. The members
of the House of Representatives may be present,
under such forms and ceremonies as you choose.
Then, whenever the vote is counted out', and you
have not a constitutional majority to elect a Pres-
ident, the House of Representatives ought to
retire to their own Hall, and immediately proceed
to elect, the Sneaker beginning with the statement
that there has been a default of election under the
Constitution, and now we will proceed by votes
to elect a President if we can.
We all know the fact that Wisconsin, under
the act of 1792, did not vote in time. She ought
not to stand as a corps de reserve to vote after the
proper day. The framers of the Constitution may
nave had no more notion of the telegraph which
now puts the country in instantaneous communi-
cation throughout ail its borders, than Scipio
Afiicanus or Hannibal had of gunpowder or can-
non. But when we have such an instrument
affording a means of entering into combinations,
it is wrong that a State should stand as a reserved
corps.
under the Constitution, if you mean to carry
it out and enforce it, whenever a State does not
come up to time-—time being a material matter in
this proceeding—her vote ought to be excluded.
I have, perhaps, as much respect for, and con-
fidence in, my colleague as one man ought to have
in another; and while I am willing to declare the
fact, that the vote of Wisconsin ought not to be
counted, I am not willing that we should pass a
resolution conceding the idea of a joint conven-
tion,and saying that any member of either House
had a right to put m, or to call us to order, or to
do anything else. It has been a ceremony sanc-
tioned by time, for the two Houses to meet in the
Representatives' Hall. Suppose it is sanctioned
by time, if it is a bad precedent—mulus usus abo-
lendns est — the sooner you get back to the right
course the better.
I have stated my view of the Constitution. The
votes are to be sent to you, sir; and wo are to
count them. Resolutions are got up by super-
officious men, who like to be figuring in such
matters, and get their names m the newspapers,
that this, that, or the other course takes place in
arranging the proceedings; but when you come
down to the real sense and understanding of the
matter, it is that we, as representatives of the
States, shall count the votes; because at last there
is to be some final tribunal where justice, and
honor, and l'cliance, and confidence reside. The
presumption is that we will act right; but upon
the predication that it was no harm to ^atch even
us, the framers of the Constitution said that we
should count these votes in the presence of the
House of Representatives. We may place them
in our lobby, or in the reporters' seats, or any-
where else, but they are to look over the proceed-
ings. After the votes are counted, and a majority
is declared to have been given for a particular
person as President, he is declared elected. It is
a fixed fact. I do not pretend to say that on the
Journals here or in the House of Representatives,
this, that, or the other thing ought to be entered
in testimonium rti, as you would enter a formal
writ in an action of ejectment or a chancery suit.
The votes are to be counted, and when counted,
and the person declared to-be elected President-, .
it is a fixed fact, notorious to the rejjjreseiitati'ses
of the States and the peopie,'ahd to everybq4y.
It is a thing known, just as the courts jodieikljy
know the revolutions of the seasons, the.naturail -
divisions of time into night and day, the changes
of the moon, the ebb and flow of the ocean; ,
When it is done, it is done in that notorious way; -
and it is a fixed fact. This proceeding is pot ,
material to the decision of the election just now,
for everybody knows that Buchanan is elected
president, and Breckinridge is elected Vice Pres-
ident. Hereafter—-however, I am afraid. I sliall
not live that long—in the new Capitol I think we
ought to make a new precedent, and have a large
Senate Chamber, and let us invite the other House
and seat them around very cleverly and properly.
Let us count the votes in their presence; they
may be witnesses; they may look over it; let us
do it as a Senate in session, and let us regulate
our own business, and not allow an interloping
member (I me,an no disrespect to any member
who spoke yesterday in the other House) put in
—I will not say his jaw—and say the matter is
not finished, because he did not get a chance to
talk.
We had the right to count the votes. When .
we found, in discharging that duty, that the §'tatc r
of Wisconsin, under the requirements of tjielaw
passed to carry out the Constitution, came,up,dut '
of time, like a horse ruled out of time and diss- '
tanced m a race, she ought not to be counted." 1
will vote for the naked fact asserted in my col-'
league's resolution as to the vote of Wisconsin;
bat as to this idea of an amalgamation of the two
Houses and a joint convention, I cannot go it. I
take my politics from Washington and Marshall
and that school of politicians, and I reckon that
I never was as near coming up to what are the
hidden, occult virtues ^>f the Resolutions of '98
and '99 before in my life as I am in this instance.
While I have not the vanity to think as did the
French woman who said to her sister, " Itis very
singular I never knew anybody that was always
right except myself," [laughter,] I have an
almighty confidence, at least in this particular
instance, that I am right. The votes.are to be
returned here to the Senate, counted by the Sen-
ate, regulated by the representatives of theStates,
and if there is a failure of election the House of
Representatives is to retire and proceed imme-
diately to an election. In all civility, in all cour-
tesy, in all propriety, we might notify them of the
failure of the electors to choose, or the Speaker
might march back with his squad or gang that he
had brought over here, and-pioceed to elect a
President simply because there had been a failure
under the law to elect by the States.
I am willing to declare that the State of Wis-
consin should not be counted. My politics—I
will not say my Federal teachings, because that
is an odious word—all lead me the other way; but
my opinion, under the law and under the Consti-
tution, is that which I have stated as to the power
of the Senate. I verily believe that is the simple,
honest, naked, straightforward view of the ques-
tion. I say this without any reference to collat-
eral considerations and hypothetical cases that
will occur to every gentleman in the Senate with-
out my suggesting them. We ought to stand by
the Constitution, and by the law, as faV as the
law intends to carry it out, and execute it. I do
not believe the vote of Wisconsin ought to be
counted; nor do I believe that members of the
House of Representatives had any right in the
world to do anything except to stand by and look
j on as witnesses while the count was going on,,to
see that the proceeding was done right. . They
could fall back on their parliamentary or revolu-
tionary rights, whatever they were, if . we did
wrong. . .
That is my opinion, and I have felt it due to
myself to state my view. I do not believe in any
humbuggery about the majesty of the represent-
atives of the people being there. The question
comes before them in due time; for if the States
do not elect by proper electoral votes, it is remit-
ted to the House of Representatives in their State
capacity. Evidently the intention of the Consti-
tution is that the votes' are to be returned here,
and counted off and , decided on by the represent-
atives of the States. Any other course would
allow the Stafetif New York to have as potential
a voice as all the States from Kentucky to the Gulf
■>*
