664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
of Mexico, and swallow them all up. At her rate
of increase, if you had not got in a good many
new States, she would have swallowed a great
many of them,.just as a shark swallows up min-
nows. She might ggt in a fraudulent vote; and
then, if the two Houses are to be amalgamated in
a joint convention, the question is to be decided
by the same political influence. I will not say it
wdltld be a fraud, but the same feeling that would
control in the one instance would in the other.
I thipk my State can take care of herself in any
contingency. I feei confident of that; but still
she is concerned as to the fairness and propriety
of this count. I must say that this is the first
time in my life that I had real State-rights senti-
ments come strongly over me,so as to induce me
to object to anything that is not consistent with
them.
I have made these remarks, sir, simply in jus-
tice to myself and what I think are the sentiments
and feelings of my commonwealth.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I do not design
to detain the Senate in a lengthy discussion of
this question; I occupied considerable time yes-
terday. Some objections were made by certain
Senators to the views I then presented. I stated
a strong objection to going any further in our
action on counting the votes for President and
Vice President of the United States, and under-
taking to declare any further result, or doing any-
thing more than had been done by the Presiding
Officer in the presence of the two Houses. My
view was, and is, that the duty of counting the
votes devolves upon the President of the Senate,
and nobody else. The law and the Constitution
are very clear as to how the electoral votes shall be
cast, and as to when they shall be cast, and very
clear as to the mode of their transmission to the
President of the Senate. He then becomes the
mere custodian to retain the votes. The Consti-
tution declares, and the law of Congress makes
it more specific, that he shall open those votes in
the presence of both Houses of Congress, and
they shall be counted. It seems to be supposed
by some gentlemen, that the counting is to be
done by the two Houses of Congress; but that is
impossible in itself; it is not, therefore, a fair
construction of the Constitution of the United
States.
I concede there is not that precise accuracy in
language in this respect in the Constitution of the
United States which usually characterizes that in-
strument in all its provisions. It would have been
more strictly accurate and definite to have said,
"The President of theSenateshall open and count
the vote in the presence of the two Houses of
Congress;" but the Constitution does not, say in
express terms who shall sount them. Having
made the President of the Senate the custodian of
the votes—having prohibited him from opening
them until the arrival of a particular day, and
then providing for its being in the presence of the
two Houses of Congress—the law having pro-
vided that Congress shall be in session on that'
day, it secures a certainty of action by the Pres-
ident of the Senate—he being an officer always in
existence—because, if a vacancy happens in any
■way, the law making it the duty of Congress to
be in session on that day, the Senate have the
power to supply a vacancy, and have a President
of the Senate.
It may be said that Congress ought by law to
define more particularly what shall be done on
this subject. I yield to that opinion; I expressed
it yesterday. I think the law may be made more
specific; but I cannot admit that the law can pro-
vide for any other counting of the votes under
the Constitution, than that they shall be counted
by the President of the Senate. Upon this sub-
ject allow me to turn your attention to the Com-
mentary of Chancellor Kent:
"The Piesident of the Senate, onthe second Wednesday
of Febiuary succccding every meeting of the elector.-, m the
presence of the nieinbeis of both Houses of Congress, opens
all the certificates, ami the votes are then to be counted.
'Hie Constitution does not expressly declare by whom the
vot^s are to be counted and the result declared. In the ease
of questionable votes and a closely-contested election, this
power may he all important; and I presume, m tlie absence
of ail legislative provision on the subject, that tlie President
of tlie Senate counts the votes and determines the lesult,
and that the two Houses are present only as spectators to
witness the fairness and accuracy of tile transaction, and
to act only if no choice be made 'by the electors."
That is precisely the view which I sought to
present to the Senate yesterday. I disagree,
therefore, with the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Thompson,] when he supposes this
is a count by the Senate. It is a count by the
President of the Senate. To secure fairness and
accuracy, it is a public count before two respons-
ible organized bodies under the Constitution.
All that was done here in respect to the negotia-
tion between the two Houses was simply done
in courtesy. It had no binding effect as law. If
it were a concurrcnt vote of the tivo Houses, it
could only be binding by the approbation of the
President of the United States. It was good
only as a matter of courtesy for the purposes of
convenience. When the President of the Senate
counted the vote, no matter who aided him, it
was his count. When he counted the vote, and
declared the result, the authority conferred by the
Constitution and law of the United States was
ended, the duty was performed, the individuals
declared to be elected stand elected, and there is
no power under the Constitution or law to review
that decision. What may be done ultimately
when cases may arise, when difficulties may in-
tervene, will be better determined when those
difficulties arise. I have simply expressed my
solicitude not to go beyond the present case, and
therefore I hope 110 further action will be had 011
the subject.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, the Constitu-
tion evidently contemplated a provision to be
made by law to regulate the details, and the mode
of counting the votes for President and Vice Pres- !j
identof the United States. " The President of 1
the Senate shall, in the presence of the Senate
and House of Representatives, open all the certifi-
cates, and the votes shall then be counted." By
whom, and how to be counted, the Constitution
does not say. But Congress has power " to make
all laws which shall be necessary and proper for
carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and
all other powers vested by this Constitution in
the Government of tlie United States, or in any
department or officer thereof." Congiess, there-
fore, has the power to regulate bylaw the details
of the mode in which the votes are to be counted.
As yet, no such law has been found necessary.
The cases, happily, have been rare in which
difficulties have occurred in the count of the elect-
oral votes-. All difficulties of tins sort have been
managed heretofore by the consent of the two
Houses — a consent either implied at the time
or declared by joint resolutions adopted by the
Houses on the recommendation of the joint com-
mittee which is usually raised to prescribe the
mode in which the count is to be made. In the
absence of law, tlie wiil of the two Houses thus
declared has prescribed the rule under which the
President of the Senate and the tellers have acted.
It was by this authority, as I understand it, that
the President of the Senate acted yesterday. The
joint resolution of the two Houses prescribed
the mode in which the tellers were to make the
count, and also required him to declare the result,
which he did. It was under the authority, there-
fore, and by the direction of the two Houses,
that he acted. The resolutions by which the
authority was given were according to unbroken
usage and established precedent.
Nor were the occurrences of yesterday without
a parallel. Just such a difficulty arose in regard
to the vote of Missouri when Mr. Monroe was
elected; and the scene in the House, to judge from
the report, must have been more tumultuous than
that of yesterday. The difference between that
case and this was, that the joint committee had
provided, by a resolution adopted previously to
the count, that the result was to be announced as
not being affected by the vote of Missouri in one
way or the other, so that the resolution itself pre-
scribed the mode in which the result was to be
declared. This precaution was taken upon the
motion of Henry Clay, of Kentucky, fortunately
enough, as the sequel proved. When the votes
were being counted, and the certificate from
Missouri was reached, Mr. Livermore, of New
Hampshire, objected to the reception of her vote.
Upon that debate arose; and the Senate, upon
motion of Mr. Williams, of Tennessee, returned
to their own Chamber. When they were gone,
a debate arose, and Mr. Clay said, that, with
deference to the President of the Senate, he
| thought he ought to have declared the result, for
" the moment the objection was made the rale (i. e.
the joint resolution) adopted this morning took
effect." He thought, therefore, that the President
of the Senate ought to have done as 1 understand
our President did yesterday, the resolution of the
two Houses giving him this authority.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Allow me
one moment. Prom the tenor of the remarks of
the gentleman from Virginia, an expression may
be drawn which I wish to disclaim, in reference
to the President of the Senate. In calling mem-
bers of the House interloping speakers—do not
understand me as in the least way saying that he
acted improperly, or wrong. He acted probably
as most men would have acted, and possibly as I
might have done myself. I will not say that, in
regard to that, there was anything improper. I
think he acted very discreetly and prudently. But
then, what is the right of the matter? "When we
are counting the votes, (for the President of the
Senate only counts them in his official capacity,
and in the session of the Senate, because he can-
not count them as a private individual,) it is im-
proper for the House members to be anything
but listeners. When they commenced speaking
I retired as an individual. I did not think that it
was in order for them to speak.
Mr. HUNTER. The result in the Missouri
case was, that the Senate was invited back by the
House of Representatives to its Hall, and the
President of the Senate did announce the result,
as ordered by the joint resolution, in the midst
of interruptions and murmuring; and then, upon
motion of a Senator, the Senate retired from the
Hall; which so much provoked Mr. Randolph, of
Virginia, that he declared the election vitiated,
and offered resolutions affirming the whole pro-
ceeding to have been illegal. In the midst of a
debate upon these the House adjourned; and thia
seems to have closed the proceedings in relation
to the count of the electoral votes. It would
seem, then, that whatever authority is vested in
the President of the Senate as to the declaration of
the result, has been supposed to have been given
him by the joint resolution of the two Houses of
Congress. It probably would be still better to
regulate the whole matter by law. If, then, hia
authority be denied in either of these modes, the
power of the two Houses to regulate the count is
recognized.
I thought, therefore, yesterday, that inasmuch
as the joint committee had failed to take the
precaution beforehand which had been taken on
two occasions heretofore, it would have been
better to remedy the omission by a conference
at the time. A joint resolution might thus have
been adopted, which would have conformed to
precedent, and reserved unmistakably to the two
Houses the authority over the subject heretofore
exercised by them. The opportunity for that has
now passed away. I presume that the declaration
as to the persons elected is valid. If anything
further ought to be done, it would seem to me
that it would be to pass a resolution declaring
that, as the vote of Wisconsin could not affect the
result in either way, it had not been reckoned in
the count. Whether even that be necessary now,
it will be for the Senate to consider. More than
that cannot now be necessary, and perhaps it will
be sufficient to order the result of the election to be
announcedto those persons who have beenelected
as President and Vice President of the United
States.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It is the furthest from
my wish or purpose to embarrass the proceeding
that gentlemen desire to take. Fortunately for
us, this vote is of no consequence as it regards the
result of the election. Mr. Buchanan is elected
President of the United States, and it has been so
declared; but it seems, accorduJJ to the judgment
which prevailed yesterday when we were in the
other House, that, although objection was made
to the counting of the vote of Wisconsin, there
was, according to the opinion of the Piesiding
Officer, no way in which that objection could be
decided. I think it is veiy important that we
should decide it in some form or other. We see
the danger that may arise out of the uncertainty
existing on this subject. We saw enough yes-
terday to satisfy us that, if this presidential elec-
tion had depended on the admission or exclusion
of the vote of Wisconsin, the result would have
been little less than revolutionary. Is it not wise
to avail ourselves of this warning for the purpose
of determining whether such votes ought or ought
not to be admitted ? I think it i.-;. I think it is
