OTO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
If that were all, it would be of rather slight con-
sideration; but the truth is, that by the expres-
sion of our opinion in the form of this resolution
in relation to the electoral vote of the State of
Wisconsin, we in fact take upon us to say that
we are judges of the election. We assume and
exercise the right of judging on the legality of
the vote of the different electors. We actually
assume and take upon us the exercise of this
exceedingly questionable power. Before we take
this long leap, and undertake to express this
opinion in this way, and thus assume this much
contested power, it seems to me we ought to have
some occasion to demand it; and there is nothing
in the present occasion that in the least demands
it. The whole matter is settled and ended.
I do not say that, in my opinion, the House
of Representatives and the Senate, or the Senate
alone, are not judges of the election. I do not say
it is not so; I do not say it is so; but I think, by-
entertaining this resolution, we in fact decide that
it is so; and that is my great objection to enter-
taining it. I am unwilling to have the question
passed upon in this summary manner, and in rela-
tion to a case that does not demand anything to
be done by us at all, for the whole matter is ended
and completed. With these views, my motion
is to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. TOUCEY. Will the Senator from Ver-
mont withdraw that motion ?
Mr. COLLAMER. If the Senator will renew
it, I have no objection to withdrawing it.
Mr. TOUCEY. I will renew it. Mr. Pres-
ident, I should be very loth to express an opinion
on this question in opposition to that which has
been declared by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, that the vote given by the State of
Wisconsin, or which appears to have been given
on the 4th of December by the gentlemen who
were elected by the people of Wisconsin, as elect-
ors, was a valid vote. It strikes me that it is
not in the power of Congress to pass any law by
which a vote given after the day prescribed by
law, and upon which the Constitution acts when it
declares that the day shall be uniform throughout
the United States,shall beheld to be valid. Any
law of Congress undertaking to prescribe for any
Stale, or any class of States, on the ground of
accident or any existing state of things, a day dif-
ferent from that prescribed for all the States of the
Union, would, I apprehend, be null and void to all
intents and purposes; and it would be very diffi-
cult to show that Congress, by a joint resolution,
could have the power to do what they could not
by an express law.
But I do not intend to express any definite opin-
ion on that subject, because there is 110 question
arising in the present election. The only ques-
tion that arose was, whether the President elect,
James Buchanan, had a majority of all the elect-
oral votes. That fact was ascertained without
controversy. That he had one hundred and sev-
enty-four votes, a majority of all the electoral
colleges, is admitted 011 all sides; and the moment
it appeared that he had one hundred and forty-
nine votes, which was a majority, every other
inquiry became perfectly irrelevant and immate-
rial; every inquiry in regard to the.electoral vote
of Wisconsin was entirely immaterial; and when
the Presiding Officer of this body declared the
result of the election, he did not declare that those
votes were admitted or rejected. He had no au-
thority to declare the one or the other. The fact
was announced as the factexisted, but it was im-
material; and when he declared the result he de-
clared that which it was his duty to declare, and
the truth of which no one controverts.
However, a question might arise, to which I
bog leave to call the attention of the Senate. Sup-
pose the electoral colleges had so stood that the
rejection of the vote of Wisconsin would have
left no choice, no one then having a majority of
the electoral votes; I ask Senators what would
then have been the condition of the case? Sup-
pose the rejection of the vote of Wisconsin had
left no choice by the presidential electors; if that
vote was not an effective vote, the House of Rep-
resentatives would have the power, without the
assent ©r consent of this body, to elect a Presi-
dent of the United States by States. Who shall
decide that question ? If I were a member of the
House of Representatives, and believed the state
of the vote required mc, as a member of that
House, to go into the election, I should act with-
out any reference to the opinion of the Senate.
It would be a duty devolved by the Constitution
on the House of Representatives, and no act and
no vote of the Senate could take away the power
of the House of Representatives to elect a Presi-
dent in that case.
Again: let me go a step further. Suppose the
Senate shoultfbe of the contrary opinion, believ-
ing that the vote of Wisconsin was a valid vote;
and the gentleman elected President by that vote
should assume the office of President and under-
take to discharge its duties, and should send to
this body his nomination for any officers which
the Constitution authorizes the President to nom-
inate; and this body, acting upon its opinion,
should confirm the nominations of the President
thus elected by that vote which they declared to
be legal, but which the House of Representatives
declared to be illegal and void. We have then a
contest between two Presidents, one recognized
by the House of Representatives, and the other
recognized by the Senate. Now, that this body
would be called upon in that case to act and de-
cide, I doubt not; a'nd that the House of Repre-
sentatives, in the case I have supposed, would be
called upon to act and decide, I doubt not; be-
cause the Constitution has devolved on them the
power of acting, and the right to act upon the hy-
pothesis that there was no choice. Then how is
the question to be decided? Can the Senate de-
cide it ? Can the House of Representatives decide
it? If they differ in opinion, can either branch
decide it? The courts of justice are open. There
is a mode of legal proceeding by which this ques-
tion could be brought before the judicial tribunals
of the country in any individual case; and any
question that may arise may be carried to the
Supreme Court and adjudicated in that particular
case by that court; and what can be done in one
case can be<done in another case.
I suppose this state of things for the purpose
of presenting the idea which is very strongly
impressed 011 my mind, that it is not in the power
of Congress to make a President, or to unmake
one. There is no power in Congress to declare a
man effectively to be President or not to be Pres-
ident except in a single case, where by the Con-
stitution the power is devolved on the. House of.
Representatives. That question is dccided by
the people. It is the people who make the Pres-
ident through their electors and by their votes;
and there is no power in Congress to change the
result. The whole proceeding of counting is
based on the idea merely of disclosing to the
public in a safe, authentic way, the actual state
of the vote, and when that is ascertained truly,
the President who is chosen by that vote is Pres-
ident, lot Congress do what it may.
I say then, sir, that any resolution of Congress
011 this subject is nothing more than an expres-
sion of opinion, not obligatory on those who may
come after us; and any law of Congress which
undertakes by its operation to change the actual
result, as found upon an inspection of the facts,
would, so far as it changed or varied the result,
be inoperative and of no effect; and hence I say
to-day, as I said yesterday, that in my judgment
the course of the Presiding Officer was entirely
correct in the House of Representatives. When
the two Houses met, they had no power as a de-
liberative body. No motion could be submitted;
110 question could be debated; 110 vote could be
taken. An objection might be interposed by a
member; and if there was to be any deliberation,
the two bodies must separate and act separately.
But when they act separately, they have very
little power. In the present case they have no
power, because it is admitted on all hands, with-
out controversy, that a President and Vice Pres-
ident have been chosen; and the result having been
ascertained and declared, neither House of Con-
gress has any control over it. I hope, therefore,
that no resolution will be adopted 011 this occa-
sion, except only that which is proposed by the
Senator from California, appointing a committee
towait 011 the President and Vice President elect,
and give them the usual notice of their election.
Mr. STUART. I concur mainly in what has
been said by the Senator from Connecticut; and
I only rise to correct what I think was a misap-
prehension in a single particular. The Senator
] states that it was not the duty of the Presiding
' Officer under the circumstances to make any
decision in respect to the vote of Wisconsin. I
say it was the duty of the President of the Senate
to decide upon the vote of every State. The
Senator frow Connecticut is correct in saying
that, after it was ascertained that Mr. Buchanan
had a majority of all the votes cast, it was imma-
terial as to the vote of Wisconsin; it was equally
immaterial as to the vote of every other State
except those counted for Mr. Buchanan. It was
a question that should have been decided. It \fas
a question, in my judgment, that should have
been decided by the President of the Senate, and
which could be decided by nobody else. There
was no appeal from the decision. As the Con-
stitution and the law stand, it is the duty of the
President of the Senate, being the counting officer
under them, to decide what he counts, and what
he refuses to count, in every instance. This is
all I designed to say, and I now renew the motion
to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. PUGH. I rose when the Senator from
Michigan did, and I hope he will withdraw the
motion for a few minutes. I desire to offer an
amendment.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator from Connec-
ticut was under a pledge to renew the motion.
Mr. PUGH. But he did not renew it.
Mr. STUART. I cannot consider this as my
motion. I renewed it, because I felt under obli-
gations to do so; but I have a disposition to hear
every Senator. As far as I am concerned, I have
no objection to withdrawing the motion.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, 1 cannot vote for
this as a joint resolution; for if we pass it as a
joint resolution, it must go to the President of
the United States, and pass under his approval or
disapproval. The provision of the Constitution
is express, that every order, or resolution, or vote
to which the concurrence of both Houses is ne-
cessary, except on a question of adjournment,
shall be submitted to the President. Now, con-
fessedly, the President has nothing to do with ag
counting the votes for his successor. It seems
to mo, therefore, that it is an error to make this
a joint resolution; and the first amendment I wish
to submit is to strike out the words, " by the
Senate and House of Representatives of the Uni-
ted States of America in Congress assembled,"
so that it may be a separate resolution of the Sen-
ate. Then I shall move to add to it this further
resolution:
That a copy of the foregoing resolution be seat to the
House of Representatives, together with a message that the
Senate is now prepared to proceed with counting the votes
for President and Vice President of the United States.
It will be observed, by reference to the Missouri
case, that after the Senate retired, some debate
occurred in both Houses; and having settled in
their own minds the proper course, a message was
sent from the House of Representatives notifying
the Senate to return, and the Senate returned and
completed the business.
The honorable Senator was interrupted by the
delivery of the following message from the House
of Representatives, by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk:
Mr. President, I am directed by the House of
Representatives to inform the Senate that the
House has passed a resolution appointing two of
its members to act in concert with a committee
Qf the Senate, to be appointed by the Senate, to
notify the Hon. James Buchanan, of Pennsylva-
nia, of his election to the office of President of the
United States for four years from the 4th of March
next; also to inform the Hon. John C. Breckin-
ridge, of Kentucky, that he has been elected to the
office of Vice President for four years from the
4th of March next; and have appointed, on the
part of the House, Mr. Jon^s, of Tennessee, and
Mr. Florence, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. WELLER. I hope my resolution will
now be taken up by unanimous consent.
Mr. PUGH. I object to it. I have partly the
same objection to this as to the resolution of the
Senator from Kentucky.
It is in vain for us to resolve out of a question
of this magnitude. It is in vain for us to attempt
to escape it. What are the facts as they occurred ?
The Senate and House of Representatives met
yesterday, pursuant to the Constitution and laws,
to count the votes for President and Vice Presi-
dent. I certainly can never agree to any construc-
tion of the Constitution which fixes that that is.
the duty of the President of the Senate, in exclu-
sion of the members of Congress. Two difficulties
seem to me to stand in the way of that construe-
