>670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
to purchase a small pieoe of upland above the
shore, in order to straighten the line and get the
water below. They cannot purchase the flats, or
the space between high and low water mark, with-
out purchasing a small piece of territory above.
The bill as it stands does n£t propose to make
the purchase imperative, but simply to leave it to
the Secretary of the Navy to examine the sub-
jectjAiid if, in his judgment, it becomes neces-
sary ftd expedient that the Government should
avail itself of the property there, to make this
purchase if it can be had at a fair and reasonable
rate. If it is not necessary, and cannot be pur-
chased'at a reasonable rate, he is under no obli-
gation to do it.
I have a plan before me which will illustrate
the idea that the offiper has in relation to the
matter. Here is the dock where vessels are
hauled up. Here is the wharf at which they are
compelled, from its being the only place where
there is water enough to haul up vessels of the
► ]largest class in order to put in masts and ma-
chinery and make ne^Jsary repairs. The per-
sons owning this land above have the right to run
down to the water at what is called the commis-
sioner's line, beyond which they cannot go in the
harbor. If those persons having obtained the
privilege of erecting a wharf should carry their
wharf out on the line of their lot, the consequence
would be to cut off', in fact, the use of the only
wharf which the Government now has at the
Mavy-yard for the purpose of repairing large ves-
sels. The result will be, as Commodore Smith
explained to me, that the Government will not
only be cut off from the slip which it has for the
furpose of building, but whenever a vessel is
rought up to the wharf for repairs it must be
shoved back by the entrance to the dock itself—
the large stone dock which was built at great ex-
pense. The conscience is, that every time a
vessel enters the dock, or is taken out of it, the
Government will be at the expense and trouble
of removing the vessel back and forward, for it
cannot lie at all unless directly across the mouth
of the dock.
INow, what is proposed is simply that if the
Secretary of the Navy on examination finds that
the consequence of erecting: this wharf which is
proposed to be erected bytliepersons nowowning
the upland, will bo what is anticipated, then, in
the exercise of his discretion, he may purchase
that small piece of upland in order to straighten
the line anil bring it down to the water, between
high and low water-mark, in such manner as to
afford a chance of mooring vessels for repairs.
Let me repeat that tins difficulty, as explained
to me by the Commodore, who certainly is con-
versant with the subject, and who took great
pains to make me understand it, is from the abso-
lute want of a sulhcicncy of deep water. There
are all the facilities necessary for all the business
ill other parts of the yard, but there is only one
wharf at present for the repairs of vessels of a
large class—the only place at which they can
take a frigate or a steamship, and bring her up for
the purpose of taking out or putting in machinery
or masts. If the persons owning the adjoining
land erect the wharf which they claim the right
to erect on the line they propose, and the United
States do not obtain the title, so as to get extent i
enough, they will be absolutely cut off from the
chance of using the only deep water they have
in order to effect these important purposes.
I know nothing of these facts of my own knowl-
edge; but they are stated to me by the officer
whom t have named. What is desired by that
«l>rancb of the public service is simply that the
inutier may be investigated—that, in the first
place, it may be investigated what the real title
is; how far these parties have a right to project
their wliaif, and whether they can project it in
such a manner as to cut off the use of the deep
water there, if they have not the right, nothing
is to be done. If they hare it, and can part with
it, and are willing to part with it, then it is ex-
ceedingly necessary that the Government should
buy it, rather than be deprived of a privilege so
very important to the enjoyment of all the rest
of the great property which the Government now
owns at this yard.
To my mind the argument is conclusive. I sec
no answer that can be made to it, unless the chair-
man of the committee can satisfy the Senate that
there is an error. It would be very singular if
there were an error, because those gentlemen
who speak of it speak from actual knowledge and
examination. Unless he can satisfy us that there
is an error, I see no reason why this amendment
should be made, and the power to make this pur-
chase struck out of the bill, and the privilege of
purchasing.be confined to two yards, which are
certainly of vastly less importance than the navy-
yard at Charlestown. The Senate will bear in
mind that this section of the bill is not imperative,
but leaves the Secretary of the Navy to decide on
all these questions: in the first place, to decide 011
the necessity of this purchase; and in the next
place, if the necessity exists, to decide on the
price, and purchase or not, according as he may
conclude on these -two points. This, briefly, is
the state of the case, and I should be very glad
to hear from the committee anything to counter-
act it, if anything exists.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, why there is
in this bill a clause authorizing the Secretary of
the Navy to have a powder magazine constructed
at Mare Island ? At the last session of Congress
a specific appropriation of $119,000 was made for
that express purpose; and, as I understand, when
Congress makes an appropriation of money for
a specific purpose, the head of the Department
having charge of that business is then authorized
to go on and expend the money. By turning to
the acts of the last session of Congress, the ap-
propriation will be found in this language:
" For tlift construction of a powder magazine for tlie
naval service, 011 Mure Island, in California, the sum of
§119,300."
This amendment was offered by the Committee
on Naval Affairs of the Senate as an amendment
to the naval appropriation bill, and was stricken
out by a committee of conference. On the last
day of the session, I succeeded in getting it placed
on the civil appropriation bill, and in that shape
it was passed. Whether the House of Repre-
sentatives have found out that fact or not, I do
not know. They were opposed to it when it was
in the naval Appropriation bill, its appropriate
place; but when it got out of place it was passed.
Why authorize the Secretary of the Navy to con-
struct a powder magazine when he already has
authoiity to construct one by virtue of the appro-
priation made at the last session of Congress ?
Mr. MALLORY. I will answer the Senator
from California first. I recollect distinctly the
measure to which he alludes for the construction
of a powder magazine 011 the Pacific coast, in
which I took an interest at the last session of
Congress. This is a House bill containing that
clause.
Mr. WELLER. I suppose, then, that the other
House has not yet found out that 'the appropria-
tion was made last year. This accounts for their
sending this bill here.
Mr. MALLORY. Now to the Senator from
Maine I beg leave to say, that if I made the re-
mark that the Secretary of the Navy had not rec-
ommended the enlargement of the Boston navy-
yard, I was mistaken. I find that he takes the
same ground in relation to Boston as to the other
yards. His language on this subject I will read
for the information of the Senator from Maine.
In a letter addressed to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, the Secretary of the Navy
says:
" The subject of the enlargement of these yards has fre-
quently been brought to my attention. I have declined to
ask Congress to appropriate money for these objects, be-
cause I thoualit there were other naval purposes calling for
large etpendituies ot moie immediate piactical lmpoitunce
to tiie service and the country, and piefcrred that any in-
conveniences of contracted yards should be borne with.
There is now pending a bill for the construction of ten
steam sloops. That measuie 1 consider far more important
than any enlargement of any navy-yard.
"Will the proposed purchase swell the naval expendi-
tures to a pomt of extravagance during the next fiscal year,
and thus endanger the passage of more urgent and import-
ant measures ? If so I would" advise you not to recommend
action during tins session. You can judge better than my-
self on that point.
" TtiPie are unquestionably strong considerations calling
for the proposed enlargements.
" Tile proposed enliugcment of the navy-yard at Boston
is desirable 111 older to , ecure the water front which is im-
portant to the United States on account of the deptli of
watei. Should the enlargement as proposed not be made,
and should the proprietors of the land and water proposed
to be purchased extend their pier to a line with the navy-
yard wharf, it would seuously incommode the Government
by intercepting one of the dock slips and a valuable portion
ot the water privilege now enjoyed by the United Hiatus.
1 he price, one dollar a foot, would seem to be high."
That was the only land as to which there was
an approximation to the price.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Cut it is left to him to
decide. The bill, as it was originally, puts the
matter of price in the hands of the Secretary of
the Navy, and authorizes him to make the pur-
chase, if he can do so at a reasonable price. I
am told that the proprietors offered to submit the
price to any three persons who might be selected
from the place who may be persons of judgment
and respectability.
Mr. MALLORY. I was just going1 to read
what the Secretary says on that very point:
"The owners, I underhand, however, propose to submit
the value of the premises to be ascertained by disrnteiested
persons selected by the parties.
'•The extension of the Philadelphia navy-yard has beeif
recommended for several years by the Bureau of Yaids and
Docks, 111 consideration of the great want of yaid front,
and accommodation for ships and landing. There are now
I three ships at the yard, and only accommod* van for one at
a tnne at the wharf. More room is required for landing
materials, and for greater security to the public property in
the yard fioin fire, to which it is so liable from buildings
and stores for combustible matter erected by the occupants
of the lot adjoining the wall.
"The extension of the Washington uavy-yard nn the
west fide is also very important and much wanted, as pro-
motive of the interests of the Government. The great ad-
vantage derived already from the operations of theoidnanee
woiks at this yard made it desirable to extend them on a
larger scale, and more room is consequently required, that
the distance between the several shops of the yards and
the laboratoiy and oulnance buildings should be such that
accidental explosions may not endangerall the public prop-
erty in the yard, as they would do, in a great degree, if
limited to the present bounds. This extension would also
furnish a greater water front than there now is, as well as
much deeper water, both of which ai enow greatly needed."
In taking into consideration this view of the
Secretary, the Committee on Naval Affairs have
found that the Boston navy-yard has a water
front of nearly, if not quite, three quarters of a
mile. "Wharves or slips have been erected in
such a manner as not to avail themselves of this
great extent of water front; and the proposition J
is to buy this land because it abuts on an existing
slip, I believe.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The answer to that is,
that although they have water front they have
not deep water at other parts of the yard-front.
I am assured by Commodore Smith that the place
now wanted is the only part of the yard or ad-
joining it where the water is deep enough for the
purpose of bringing vessels of the largest class
for repairs. The difficulty is not that they have
not water front enough, but that they have not
water front enough of sufficient depth, and never
had.
Mr. MALLORY. The committee find that at
present, at all events, the proposition to purchase
this ground has originated with the proprietors
of the land themselves, and not with the Navy
Department. On this point let me read a letter
from the Commanding Officer of the Yard, Cap-
tain Stringham, to the Chief of the Bureau of
Yards and Docks:
United States Navy Yard, Boston,
Commandant's Office, Jlpril 12,1858.
Sir: I have the honor to inclose herewith a communi-
cation, with a plan of certain property now offered to the
Government; and also a letter from the parties offering the
same.
As this party is now individual and not a corporation, as
heretofore, and as the property is desirable for the yard, as
it seems to me, I would recommend its puichase if the price
named is deemed reasonable.
You are, however, better acquainted with the property
and its value to the Government than myself, and the ques-
tion, therefoie, of interest to the Government can be well
determined by yourself.
i am respectfully, your obedient servant,
S. II. STRINGHAM, Commandant.
Commodore Joseph Smith, Chief of Bureau of Yards and
JJocks, Washington} D. C.
Then comes the offer of the proprietors to sell
to the Government. It is contained in a letter
addressed to Captain Stringham:
" Boston, Jlpril 4/1856.
" Sir : We the undersigned proprietors of the wharf estate
lying immediately west of the navy-yard in Charlestown,
contemplate selling the property, or making very consider-
able alterations and improvements, with a view to active
mercantile pursuits.
"The supeificial contents are about one hundred and
twenty-five thousand feet. The price we arc now willing
to accept is one dollar per foot.
" We understand that the project of purchasing this estate
has engaged the attention of some of the officers of the Uni-
ted States, and we believe that the navy-yard will be much
benefited by an extension of its water line on ifrf western
front. Indeed, it is perfectly obvious, that the berth next
oui wharf cannot be conveniently used by a national ship
without encroaching upon our rights in a manner which
