1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
671
lias bfen tolerated heretofore because the degree of annoy-
ance was not excessive; but if we carry out our eontem-
jflated improvements, we shall be constrained to object very
dociHodly to a continuance of the trespass.
" The price we now name is, we know, less than that paid
for other wtiarf estates in immediate proximity; and con-
sidering the extremely limited water front now unimproved
in Boston and Ciiarlestown, on Charles river, we verily
believe that lilts property will bring one dollar per foot at
public auction. Jsot desiring ourselves to be the sole judges
of the value, we shall be perfectly content to submit the
question of price to three or more competent and impartial
men, it being understood that the price we have named n
not to be made known to them, but the price they shall fix
ehal! be substituted, whether more or less.
" Wede&ire mu-t respectfullyto submitthattlii1-.valuable
property in now sought by other parties, with wiiom we
have forborne to treat, until we know definitely whether
the Government will purchase it; and hence we hope that
we may be favored with a reply to this proposal at an earlv
day."
The committee found that the offer to purchase
did not come from the recommendation of the
Navy Department in the first place. It was also
found that this was one of the largest navy-yards
in the world, with a water front of three fourths
of a mile, and there was not the same necessity
for additional land as at otherplaces. In relation
to Philadelphia, that yard contains but sixteen
acres; and the entire works, with three or four
ships there at a time, are in that contracted space.
Gentlemen may say that the yard ought to be
abolished; but it is a fixed fact at present, and
its usefulness is ceilainly impaired without this
proposed extension.
The Senator from Massachusetts is entirely in
error in regard to his estimate of the Washington
yard. I rfgnrd it as one of the most important
we have. We have here our ordnance stores,
which we have at no other yard in the country;
and we have here establishments for the con-
struction of steam-engines—the only ones of the
Government, The Washington navy-yard pos-
sesses the only facility for constructing a steam-
engine now in the possession of the Government
of the United States; and here has been con-
structed the only engine of any size. Here the
ordnance of the Navy is being prepared. The
price of the land now is so exceedingly low as
really to recommend it to the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The answer of the hon-
orable Senator is entirely inconclusive. He only
repeats what he said before, and that is, m the
first place, that the Boston yard is one of the
largest in the world. If it is one of the largest
in the world, and the important use of it entirely
will be lost unless a purchase of a small addition
of land be made, that is no argument against the
purchase, but in favor of it. The larger it is,
and the more property we have there, the more
important it is that that property should be ren-
dered in all particulars available. That is my
way of looking at it. It is exceedingly poor
policy to say, that because we have spent a large
sum of money in a given direction, we should
lose a great portion of it rather than spend a small
sum of money to make it available. That is the
argument of the Senator. It amounts to nothing.
Again, he repeats that the committee found, on
looking at it, that it had a very large water front.
Be it so; but it does not necessarily follow, and
the fact is otherwise, that because it has a large
water front, it therefore has all the water facili-
ties that it needs; and the assurance is from a
competent officer that it has not all the water
facilities it needs, on account of the want of a
sufficient depth of water for a sufficient space.
The object is not to purchase land, so much as
it is to purchase water facilities. In order to get
the water facilities, you must purchase a very
small gore of land. The line being continued
there, gives vou all the water facilities you need.
Then the question arises, how much is this to
cost' Is the object to be attained commensurate
with the expenditure which is to be made ? We
do not settle that question; we cannot settle it
here in the Senate; and with ail respect to the
Committee on Naval Affairs—and I have as much
respect for its members individually as I have for
any gentleman here—allow me to say to them
that they cannot settle it with propriety without
seeing and knowing what the place is. ^hey
must take the nsMiranc^ of those officers ot the
Government who are conversant with the spot,
know its wants and necessities, and what must
be done in order to render that particular place
valuable; but I do not propose—they do not pro-
pose, to settle it even there. Ali that is asked is,
that the Secretary of the Navy should make the
proper inquiries. The committee say he shall
not even do that. The request is, that the Sec-
retary of the Navy, when he is making inquiries
in regard to other yards—one at Philadelphia,
and one at Washington—may, at the same time,
ascertain whether the representations are true,
that it is in the power of certain persons in Bos-
ton to render a large portion of that yard entirely
unavailable, to deprive the Government of the
chance of repairing its vessels of the largest class.
That must be done soon evidently, gfcthe chance
may be lost entirely. We must noWrait until a
wharf is put there.
If the Secretary finds that to be the fact, the
next inquiry is, can he purchase that land at a
cost which is at all commensurate with the object
to be gained? Then, if these two things concur,
he is authorized to make the purchase. What is
§125,000, even if the cost amounts to that sum ?
1 gram it is large m one sense; but what is that
compared to the whole value of the navy-yard,
with all the expenditure that has been made there,
and the dock which cost a million and a half of
dollars, and other large expenditures, and the
necessities of the case itself? It is nothing at all
to this Government; and the offer that has been
made is a fair one outside of that. However, I
will not allude to that question.
Then it strikes me as very singular that we
should refuse this inquiry, when these statements
are made by a competent officer, who is perfectly
familiar with the place, for he has commanded at
this station, and the whole matter is under his
particular supervision, and he tells you that the
Government is in such a position in regard to the
Boston navy-yard that in his judgment it is most
important, and the object of that yard may be
entirely defeated unless this power is given to
investigate it in season.
The committee decide that no inquiry shall be
made on the subject. That is their decision.
They strike it out. The bill asks for nothing but
inquiry, with authority t,o purchase; but you will
not give that authority, although it may be ascer-
tained that the fact is so. You will not even in-
quire whether the fact is so. You have not been
inquiring. The head of the bureau says, over and
over again, that, in his judgment, it is very im-
portant to make this examination, and probably
to make the purchase. Now, what is theanswer
of the honorable chairman to a'.l this? That the
proposition to purchase came from the owners of
the property, and is, therefore, to be looked on
with suspicion ? Is it so very s.r.gularthat%vhen
the United States Government have a valuable
property there, important as it is to the country,
gentlemen owning property alongside of it, which
is very valuable to them, may see at the same
time that it is vastly more valuable to the Gov-
ernment, and propose to se'J it if the Government
wishes to buy it? They must either improve or
sell it—one or the other.
Under these circumstances the bill proposes
nothing except the power to purchase on a con-
dition which you may safely trust to anybody
who is fit to be Secretary of the Navy. If you
go on the presumption that you ha\e not now,
and never will have, ail officer there to whom
you can intrust a matter of tins kind, that is one
thing; but if you ate to presume that the head of
that Department is a man fit for his station, it
strikes me that you may safely intrust to him
the inquiry ill the first place, and examination
whether this addition is necessary, and not sub-
ject the Government to the risk of so great injury
as might be occasioned under the circumstances
alluded to. Each of these yards is put on the
same basis; every one of tiKin is spoken of m the
report of the Secretary of the Navy with as much
strength as another;'and it is strange that this
Boston navy-yard, which is eminently the most
important of the three, should be thus thrown
aside, while authority is granted in regard to the
other two. Undoubtedly it arose from good
reason.
I would suggest another consideration, though
I know gentlemen object to these suggestions. If
they want to defeat the whole measure altogether,
they will adopt this amendment; because then the
bill will go back to the House of Representatives,
and at this late period of the session, with i dif-
ference «f opinion there, there is very little prob-
ability of passing the bill at all. Therefoie, if
gentlemen think it desirable to defeatobe whole
bill, and have no appropriations for jSplftdelphKi
and none for Washington, and think the power
should not be intrusted to anybody, they will
I make the amendment; but I cannot see any great
j danger of intrusting to a high officer of Govern-
; ment the power of ascertaining whether a few
; thousand dollar* cannot be expended beneficially
:j in making this purchase for the Government.
1; Mr. STUART. I desire to submit an amend-
ji ment to the amendment. In most of these cases,
| so far as I know, when we have made an appro-
.. priation for the purchase of post offices and other
f. buildings, we have retained a supervisory power
s; in the hands of Congress to say, after the contract
is made, whether the price is such a one as Con-
! gress is willing to pay. I propose to add to the
j amendment proposed by the Committee on Naval
Affairs, these words:
• ; Nor shall any such contract take effect until iu terms
j ^ shall have been reported to, and approved by, Congress.
jj Mr. MALLORY. I have no objection to that
!. amendment.
| - Mr. FESSENDEN. Is that an amendment to
ji the amendment of the committee ? Their amend-
Ji ment is to strike out.
| Mr. STUART. The amendment is to strike
| out the third section, and insert certain other pro-
. visions. It is to the end of those provisions that
j I propose this amendment,
I Mr. FESSENDEN. Would it not be better
! to defer that amendment until the amendment
j striking out is acted on. If this section is retained
| it can then be inserted.
j Mr. STUART. I will withdraw it for the pres-
, ent if that suits the pleasure of Senators present.
| Mr. JAMES called for the yeas and nays on
: the amendment of the committee, and they were
jiordered; and being taken, resulted—yeas 25,
II nays 17; as follows:
>; YEAS—Mcssis. Adams, Allen, Benjamin, Biggs, Brod-
i head, Clay, Crittenden. Dodge, Evans, Fitch, FuzpatncK,
Houston, Hunter, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Ten-
nessee, Malloiy, Mason,'Pu?b iieid, Sebastian, sSlideil,
Thomson of New Jersey, Toumos. and Yulee—25.
NAYS—Me?srs. Beil'of New Hampshire, Bell of Ten-
nessee, Biglcr, Coliamer, Fessenden, i-oot, Foster, Harian,
Nourse, Peaice, Rusk, Sewaid, Stuart, Tiumbutl, Wade,
Weiler. and Wilson—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the bill be
; laid upon the table.
Mr. WILSON. And I call for the yeas and
; nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
jj taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 13; ad follows:
'' YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bell of New Hampshire, Bel! of
J! Tennessee, Benjamin, Jiigsrs, Butler, Clay, Coilamer.Dodge,
I Fessenden, Fitch, Foot. Foster, Harlan, Houston. Hunter,
Jones o: Iowa. Jones oY Ttunes.-ee, Neurit. Puijh, Reid,
i Ru:-k. Sebastian, Sewafd, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson,
j. and Yulee—Hj.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bigler, Brodbead, Evans, Fitz-
patrick. Janice, Maliory, Mason, Pearce, Sndeii, Thomson
of New Jersey, Toombs, and Weiler—13.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. HUISTER. I offered on Tuesday a res-
olution in relation to the time of meeting:, which
I trust the Senate will allow me to call up. I will
say that I desire to amend it so as to make it
' commence on Monday next. I think those who
object will be willing to agree to that.
Mr. STUART. I do not think we ought to
act on that subject now. There is a thin Senate,
and it is a question concerning the convenience
of members.
Mr. HUNTER. A majority can take it up.
■ I make that motion.
i' Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senats ad-
: journ.
; ' • The motion was not agreed to.
: The motion to take up the resolution of Mr.
Hunter was agreed to; there being, on a division
—ayes IT, noes 15.
Mr.STUART. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
j adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
j' Thcrsday, Ftbruary 12, 1857.
i! The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
, by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
!j CALL OF THE HOUSE.
1 i Mr- HOUSTON moved a call of the House
