672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays
on that jftotion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRANCH. I move that the House take
a recess until a quorum appear. _
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 69, nays 44; as follows:
YEAS Messrs. Albright, Allen, Brenton, Broom, Bur-
nett, Caruthers, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Coming Cox, Craige, Crawford, Timothy Davi=>, Dean,
Doivdeii, Dunn, Edwards, Flagler, Florence, Thomas J.
D. Fuller, Garnett, Greenwood, Augustus tlall, J. Morrison
Harris, Haven, Hickman. Hoffman, Houston, Howard,
Hushston, Jewett, George W. Jones, Ividwell, Knapp,
Knight, Letcher, Samuel S. Marshall, McQueen, Smith
Miller, Miltson, Mott, Murray, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai
Oliver, Paine, Peck, Pnngle, Reade, Ready, ltutfin, San-
cltdge, Seott, Seward, William Smith, Stewart, Todd,
Trat'ton, Underwood, Vail, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge,
Waldron, Walker, Cadwaladfr C. Washburne, Watkins,
Whitney, Williams, and Daniel B. Wnght—69.
NAYS —Messr3. Henry Bennett, Benson, Bradshaw,
Branch, Buftinton, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Carhle, Chaffee, Jacob C. Davis, Dickson, Etheridge, Fos-
ter, Granger, Harlan, Hodges, Knox, Leiter, Mace, Mc-
carty, Morgan, Morrill, Orr, Pelton, Perry, Pike, Bobbins,
Saltin, Sapp, Sherman, Sneed, Spinner, Stanton, Stiana-
han, Talbott, Thorington, Thuiston, Tnppe, Elhhu B.
Was-hburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Woodruff, Wood-
\vorth, and Zolhcoffer—44.
So a call of the House was ordered.
Pending the vote,
Mr. WHEELER stated that if lie had been
present when his name was called, he would have j
voted " ay." !
The roll was called; and the following mem- j
bers failed to answer to their names: j
Messrs. Allison, Billinghurst, Bingham, Boyce, Buiiin- j
game, Cadwalader, James H. Campbell, Caskie, Henry j
Winter Davis, Dc Witt, Edio, Elliott, English, Evans, Gal- j
loway, Giddings, Gilbert, Giow, Robeit 15- Hall, Sampson
W. Harris. Thomas* L. Harris, Herbert, Valentine B. Hor- :
ton, J. Giancy Jones, Kuilt, Kclsey, Kennett, Lindley, |
Matteson, McMultin, Morrison, Norton, Packer, Pearce, j
Pennington, Porter, Puryear, Rtcaud, Ritchie, Rivers, Rob- j
erts, Itobison, Rust, Savage, Stephens, Tyson, Valk, War- !
ner," Welch, Wells, and Winslow.
One hundred and eighty members having an-
swered to their names,
Mr, DEAN moved that all further proceedings
under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and
approved.
VOTES FOR PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESI-
DENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
the-following resolution submitted by the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr;] the pend-
ing question being the motion of Mr. Smith, of
Tennessee, to lay it on the t§ible:
Ordered, That when the Senate shall leturn to this House
to complete, m joint convention,in pursuance of the order
of the two Houses, already adopted, the counting of the
votes for President and Vice Pre&identof ihe United States,
the vote of any State cabt on a day other than that ptovided
by law, to wit, the 3d of December last, shall be rejected
by the tellers of this Hou*e.
Ordered, That the Clerk acquaint the Senate with the
foregoing order of thi3 House.
Mr. ORR. Since the adjournment yesterday,
I have examined the Constitution and the law of
Congress passed to regulate the counting of the
votes for President. The count proceeded far
enough to ascertain that Mr. Buchanan and Mr.
Breckinridge had each received for President and
Vice President one hundred and seventy-four un-
disputed electoral votes, which, under the Consti-
tution, was {< a majority of the whole number of
electorsappointed^5 and they are declared by the
Constitution u the President and Vice President,"
no further action being necessary to complete the
result. The Senate, therefore, need not return to
the House for any purpose whatever. I think a
mistake was made yesterday, which, failing to be
corrected at the time, cannot now be remedied.
The vote of Wisconsin was counted, according
to the declaration of the President of the Senate
announcing the result, ana I think improperly
counted. The Constitution says:
" The Congress may determine the time of choosiri" the
elector? and the day on which they shall give their votes,
which day shall be the same throughout ihe United States.n
The vote of Wisconsin was given on a day
different from that provided by law, and was con-
sequently illegal and void, and should have been
rejected. How was this to be done ? The gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] objected
very properly to the vote of Wisconsin when the
certificate was opened and was being handed to
the tellers. The objection was overruled or not
entertained by the presiding officer, the President
of the Senate. One other certificate was after-
wards opened, which completed the count. The
objection might perhaps have been renewed then,
but it was not. Nor was the point made when
the tellers reported the result; nor was it made
when the President of the Senate recapitulated
the result, and declared Buchanan and Breckin-
ridge conqjhjtionally elected President and Vice
PresidentT^Was it not then too late to make the
question whether the vote of Wisconsin should
be counted, the result having been announced ?
I think it was. I am of opinion that the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. IiEtcher,] as well as
others of us who objected to the validity of that
vote, erred in permitting the count to proceed
until the question was decided. We erred in not
requiring its decision before the tellers reported,
and the error reached a point where it was irre-
mediable when we permitted the result to be offi-
cially declared by the President of the Senate.
That officer, in my judgment, committed a mis-
take in refusing to entertain the objection of the
member from Virginia. He should have sub-
mitted the question to the joint meeting or con-
vention before proceeding further with the count.
Who was to decide on the validity of the chal-
lenged vote? The two Houses in joint conven-
tion by a per capita vote. The Constitution, in
the twelfth amended article, says:
" The President of the Senate shall, in the piesence of
the Senate and liou-e of Itepiesentatives, open all the cer-
tilicatcs, and tne votes shall then Ik: counted."
Why were the Houses to assemble, and the
votes then to be counted ? Was it to look 011 and
allow any paper offered, though known to be
fraudulent or illegal, to be received and registered?
If the convention or meeting have no power to
object, and, if necessary, reject that which pur-
ports to be a vote, why are the two Houses re-
quired to assemble together ? Can it be assumed
that the meeting is an idle, unmeaning, power-
less form ? If the joint meeting has no such power,
then it would be a most useless form. But " the
votes shall then be counted." If that which is ille-
gal, and only purports to be a vote, is presented,
can it be counted when it is not a " vote" under
the Constitution and law? If the State of Penn-
sylvania, being entitled to twenty-seven votes in
the electoral college, should elect fifty electors,
and they should send fifty votes for Mr. A, would
the members of the joint meeting have to remain
silent, like so many automatons, and permit fifty
votes to be registered for Mr. A, when every
member knew that the vote was illegal and void ?
The Constitution devolves on the two Houses of
Congress the duty of being present, and the votes
shall be counted then. Does not the requisition
to be present at the counting necessarily carry
the right to determine what votes offered are legal,
and what votes may be void, as an inseparable
incident to the power of counting?
Is the question to be determined concurrently,
or by the joint decision of the two Houses ? If
it is to be done concurrently, there could be 110
decision 011 a contested vote when the two Houses
should disagree—the one voting to count, the
other to reject; and if the admission or rejection
of the challenged vote should determine the result
of the election, by electing or defeating one of
the candidates voted for, we should then present
the anomalous condition of having two Presidents
elected, and presenting themselves for inaugura-
tion—Mr. A being President by the decision of
the Senate, and Mr. B by the decision of the
House. The next step in such a contingency as
this would be revolution—a resort to the sword
to settle the question in fraternal blood, when it
might properly be decided by the per capita votes
of the joint convention, which would decide defi-
nitely for the one or the other.
Nor is the dignity of the Senate or the sover-
eignty of the States compromised or endangered
by any such proceedings. The Senate and House
are equals in the joint meeting. Their combined
numbers are the same as the electors in the elect-
oral college: it is a proceeding having reference
to the President of the United States. Senatorial
electors in the several States possess no power
i or dignity superior to those representing* the con-
[ gressional districts; they all assemble together,
and each one easts a per capita vote. The Senate,
in joint meeting, in voting per capita on the ques-
tion, "Shall the vote excepted to be counted?"
wields the same power, relatively and absolutely,
as the senatorial electors in the electoral colleges.
In pursuing this analogy, is any wrong done the
Senate? Are its prerogatives infringed? Is the
sovereignty of the States, as represented in the
Senate, invaded ?
The conclusion, then, to which I come, is this:
any member of either House, when the two Houses
meet to count the votes for President, may object
to the counting of any particular vote, upon what
he may conceive sufficient ground. When the
objection is thus taken, it is the duty of the Pre-
siding Officer of the joint meeting to propound
the question, Shall the vote be rejected? which
shall be decided by a per capita vote of all the mem-
bers of each House, and the vote so contested
received, or rejected, as the majority of the joint
meeting shall determine.
This'is a legitimate constructien of the Consti-
tution; the only one which can enable the two
Houses to reach a decision, and to relieve them
from the ridiculous assumption that they can look
on, and, knowing a vote to be fraudulent, have no
power to arrest its counting. The Constitution
makes us the managers or canvassers to count the
electoral votes; and in doing so gives us the power
to say whether a vote presented is or is not legal.
The decision of the question is of no practical
consequence now. There were one hundred and
seventy-four unimpeached votes counted for Mr.
Buchanan and Mr. Breckinridge, which was a
majoiity of all the electors appointed, and they
arc declared by the Constitution elected President
and Vice President. No further action is neces-
sary m the joint meeting, and I withdraw my
proposition offered yesterday.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to intro-
duce a resolution which has been agreed upon by
the joint committee on the subject of counting the
votes of President and Vice President.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That two members of the House be appointed
by that body, to join a committee of one membei of the
Senate, to be appointed by that body, to wait on Jaines Buch-
anan, of Pennsylvania, and inform him that he has been
duly elccted President of the United States for four years,
commencing on the 4th day of March, 1857; and al-o to
inform John C. Brcckinridge. of Kentucky, that he has been
duly elected Vice President of the United States for four
years, from the 4th of March, 1857.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I am opposed to the
passage of the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (interrupting.) I
ask for the previous question on the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. H. Marshall] has the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Am I not entitled
to it ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman was entitled
to the floor on the resolution, but he did not claim
it, and the gentleman from Kentucky addressing
the Chair was recognized.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I cannot say, Mr.
Speaker, that I shall oppose strenuously the re-
ception of the resolution offered by the gentleman
from Tennessee, but I am opposed to its passage
at 'his time, because that yields all there is and
has been in dispute as to the part which the Sen-
ate and House arc constitutionally required to
perform in the ascertainment and declaration as
to the persons elected to the Presidency and Vice
Presidency by the electoral college.
Let me say here, that of course I know, and
admit, that Mr. Buchanan and Mr. Breckinridge
have been elected; and I desire as much as does
I any member on this floor, or as can any citizen
1 of this country, to have that election declared.
That is not the point. The question presented
here is as to the manner in which that fact shall
be constitvJionally ascertained and declared, and
what part the Houses of Congress play in that
ascertainment and declaration, agreeably to the
Constitution. The President of the Senate yes-
I terday directed the tellers to take their places; he
! opened the certificates, and, one by one, he dchv-
1 ered them to the tellers,with the declaration, " I
hand to the tellers the vt^feof the State of Maine,"
and so on. He assumed that the certificate showed
a vote, and he ordered it to be counted. When a
member of this House desired to object to a vote,
the President of the Senate repulsed him, and said
no step could be taken involving the possibility
