THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirtt-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1857.
New Series....No. 43.
e
of a vote of the Houses upori aproposition made
before them while together. While the objection
of a member of this House was being attempted,
the President of the Senate declared a result, but
afterwards he said repeatedly that the tellers had
not entirely performed their duty, and he post-
poned a motion of a Senator that the Senate retire,
<y saying that the tellers had not finished their
duty. As a first lesson, therefore, to us, we behold
the result of the election proclaimed, before the
tellers had performed their duty. I have no doubt
that the result had been attain,cd—fairly attained.
I do not know but that, were it not for the par-
ticular posture in which this question is placed,
it might be well enough for the House to say that
a result had been sufficiently attained to show the
fact that Mr. Buchanan is elected President and
that Mr. Breckinridge is elected Vice President of
the United States.
I am willing that we should stop on the count,
there being no vote excluded but that of Wis-
consin, and no question except that of the vote of
Wisconsin. I am perfectly vnllmrr that the two
Houses, in the presence of on^ another, may make
the proclamation of that result. I indicatc-d yts-
terday,that my opinion was that the two Houses
were in session; that they were in session in the
presence of each other; that the Speaker, occu-
pying his position, was then presiding over the
House; that the President of the Senate, occu-
pying his position, was presiding over the Sen-
ate; and that, by a joint order passed by the two
Houses, when the two Houses came into the
presence of one another the President of the Sen-
ate was, as an act of courtesy, allowed to preside
over the ceremony which was .being performed.
But we were in session•, and we, as a House, have
a constitutional duty to perform. We have a
constitutional duty see that the count is prop-
erly made; and a separate resolution passing from
this House to the Senate, and from the Senate
back to this House, does not, according to my
view, meet the requirements of the Constitution.
Ttie examination must be made, and the procla-
mation must be made, in the presence of the two
Houses.
The resolution of the gentleman from Tennes-
see does not come up to that question. In other
words, in my opinion, it takes a false direction.
There is no gentleman of any party in this House,
I suppose, who does not want to reach the result
which proclaims Mr. Buchanan President, and
Mr, Breckinridge Vice President of the United
States for the next four years; but there underlies
all this the question of how that thing is to be
done, and done properly, according to the Con-
stitution. The question, in fact, on this resolu-
tion, bccause this thing is to he hereafter looked
back to as a precedent, is what part are we to
play? Suppose a case. Tellers were appointed.
As I remarked, yesterday, who are these tell-
ers? They are not known to the Constitution.
Who appoints them ' The House appointed two
and the Senate appointed one. What are they:
Mere instrumentalities, mere facilities, that we
hold in our hands by which we perform our con-
stitutional duty. We were counting the votes,
and, by our acquiescence, the tellers acted for us.
There was no challenge. But suppose a vote is
proposed to be counted, and a member challenges
it; has he not the right to challenge it? The Pres-
ident of the Senate says not. 1 say he has. I
believe Chancellor Kent, after a fashion, also
says not. He has a right to challenge it, and we
have a right to vote as to whether that vote shall
be counted.
When the Constitution says the vote shall be
counted, what does it mean ? What is to count?
'Whatfaculty does it involve ? I say not only the
faculty of enumerating, but the faculty of judging
whether it is a vote or not. Suppose a case. The
Constitution of the United States requires that the
electors shall not vote for a President and Vice
President both of whom belong to the same State
as themselves. Suppose an electoral vote, certi-
fied regularly, is opened here, and that it shows
on its face that the electors of the State of New '
43
| York have Voted for two citizens of that State for
\ President and Vice President, thereby clearly vio-
; latingthatprovisionoftheConstitution. Suppose
| that vote will decide the election: the question is
i whether you will count or exclude it? You are
1 under oath to support the Constitution, and you
1 cannot count a vote which violates that instrument
; and is a breach of the privileges of the electoral
' colleges. I present that as a case which might
! arise. I might multiply illustrations. The House
( is in session here to count, and a member of it
; has the right to challenge a vote; and a vote can-
! not be finally declared unless it meets with the
| concurrent sanction of the two Houses, in the
| presence of each other. Who gives the President
; of the Senate the right to declare the result? I
] would like to know that. The language of the
Constitution is that the President^ the Senate
' shall open all the certificates, and that then the
vote shall be counted. It means that the Presi-
dentof the Senate K to open the certificates before
any vote i-* to b" counted. He is charged by the
Constitution with the reception of all the papers
—[ do not know whether it is the law or the
Constitution.
A Membcr. The Constitution.
; Mr. H. MARSHALL. The Constitution it
1 is. Wei), theConstitution requires that the elect-
i oral votes shall be inclosed from the respective
places of voting m the various States, and sent to
! the President of the Senate. He is, by the Con-
; stitution, made the recipient of the certificates,
S and on a clay named he comes into the presence
! of the two Houses with his charge, and opens
: the certificates in the presence of the two Houses.
! After he has opened all of the certificates, the
; Constitution says, "and then the votes sh^ll be
' counted. " He is to ogen all the certificates
. first. Now. yesterday, he opened a certificate, and
handed it down to the tellers. Who authorized
them to count? Sir, the count yesterday never
commenced constitutionally. It was not done at
all, except by our general"acquiescence in whit
t was a wrong proceeding. Thecountshould have
commenced after the certificates had been opened,
and then, as the count progressed, any Senator oi
Repiesent.itive could object to the counting of anv
vot^; an d when n n objection was made,it required
; the concurrent sanction of the two Houses, each
' acting in the presence of the other, to say whether
or not that vote should be counted.
j You sit there, sir, as Speaker of this House. >
1 presiding over its deliberations. It was in ses- -
■ sion, and you were there because you were its ;
■ Speaker. We were in session then, as much as -
wo are in session now. We were in session as ,
a House, and in session in presence of the Sen- ,
ate. The two Houses were in presence of each
other, under the requirements of the Constitu- ,
tion; and whenever I objected to a vote being
counted, instead of addressing, except by cour- i
tcsy, the President of our joint meeting, I should !
have addressed mvse'f to the Speaker of the :
House of Repns'*ntativos, and have required the •
action of the Home of Rrprr sentatives on my
proposition to count or reject a vote. This is a ■
matter that ought to be guarded. Who gives the
President of the Senate the rijrht to deciaie the 1
: result? My opinion is, Mr. Sneaker, that you
' ought to declare the result, as well as the Presi-
dent of the Senate, and that the thing is not con-
stitutionally fixed until, m the picsence of each
other, you both agree to proclaim the i\suU. :
Suppose a fiftse of the two Houses standing in
the presence or teach other, and a single vote de-
1 termmes the election—take the ease of the elec-
tion when Clay and Polk were candid i*es, when
the vote of New York did decide the election— '
| suppose the two Houses are in the ptesence of ;
each other, and ihe vote of New York is ehal-
, lengeil, ;>nd the two Houses should disagree as '
■ to whether it should be counted or not, do you
believe that the Constitution ever interned thai
the President of the Seuate might proclaim ih_>
result, and proclaim the election of a Pr v.:JS< nt :
It requires your function as well as his*, and tisti
' member of the House of Representatives, upon >
, principle,! am unwilling to yield to the proposi-
tion that the President of the Senate, or any other
. organ, can proclaim the result. Too most concur
j in order to produce a result, and that concurrence
I must be proclaimed in the presence of the two
r Houses by you and the President of the Senate.
'* Therefore, I am opposed to the passage of this
[' resolution. I merely suggest this as the best
!' mode—the constitutional mode. It cannot affect
j the result. Nobody wants to change the result.
! Everybody knows how the election has resulted,
; and everybody is willing that the result shall be
; attained. All we want is, that as questions have
s arisen,and as they maybe importantinthefuture,
j we shall now ascertain the right of the House, and
] fix it upon definite constitutional principles.
' Mr. JONES. of Tennessee. I will read just
| one clause from the Constitution:
*'• Tise Congress may determine the time of choosing the
' electors and the. day on which tfcey shall cive their votes,
j which day ?hali be the taiiie throughout the United States."
; I call the previous question
Mr. PUItVIANCE. I ask the gentleman from
Tennessee to give way while I offer the following
' amendment: <#
Tiesohzd. That aft^r the announcement of the vote fbr
, President and Vicft President by the Presiding Officer of
' the Senate, in the pretence of the two Houses in joint ses-
I sion, the functions of the said Pre=iding Officer and joint
; session ceased,, and that this House has no right to take fur-
! ther cognizance of the matter.
; Mr. WHEELER. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
' Mr. PURVIANCE. Then I hope the House
will not second the previous question,
i Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man from Tennessee to withdraw the previous
question, to enable me to ouer as an amendment
the resolution I introduced yesterday, as an
amendment to the proposition'of the gentleman
fr South Carolina, and which fell this morning,
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. The resolution £
ha\ * nflVred is in the usual form. I would with*
' draw thepreviousquestion for tnegentleman from
O*i:o as s,>on as for anybody, but I must decline
■ to do so now.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Then I rise to*a
question of order. It is, that the proposition of
me gentleman from Tennessee cannot be iatro-
duced to-day.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, but it is in. #
Tne SPEAKER, The Chair thinks the reso-
lution is in order, as a necessary result from that
which appears upon the Journal"of this day—that
a declaration of the election of President and Vice
President has been made.
Mr. "WALBR1DGE. I move to lay the reso-
lution upon the table,
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Th* question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 24, nays 167;. as follows:
VF\5—Henry Bennett. Bishnp, Bnffinton,
Jonn P. C.vnpneli Lewis IK" CampbeJi, Oa^kse, Garnet?,
llawn, Jiumpnrrv Marshall, Mn'wnrd. Moore, Mmgan,
p..\\vii. Purvnnce, Sai'e. iSapp, tfeott. Spinner,
Ss.iwoh. S;v->pe, WaShadgi. vUi-j White-:>—0*.
XAYS—Me'?!"' Ai'<< n. Aker-, Albright. A'len, Barbour,
Bu\?ln\. Barbital?. B^h. Uemllej S.'Bri.rwlU Bingham,
Beroek He\v;o. Bran<-:;, Lirc-eton. Bjoom,
  iirhni:am.\ Burnett, Carliio. Bayaid Clarke. Ezra Clark,
C':iu"6n. CVizman. ll'mcll Cubb, W'si.uuiM.n R VV.
Ce! \\. L olt.w. ( C<n\>d ■. Cn\ Cracit. Cra^se, Craw-
to vl. CtmUKj.ek. L>e*n.el!, P'nvjjon. Ja:ob C. DaMs, Tim-
othy Dir. Dean. Denver, Do Wirt. Djekson,
Doiui, Duwdeli. P«inn, Dsnto.-. Ildmuud^ou. LUioit, Lrarie*
Knch^h. Ftheii Ue« ihi-;;-;. Faa'ku^r. Firmer. Fi'^rencf,
]'e?t.r, IJ'-nry M. FnlJer. Thoma- J D F-iIK-r, Galloway,
U..hcir. (_roe4e. tiianser. On en v<K d. A i«^tu-  IlaH, Sob-
er! B. Hall, Hanan. J llarn-, Harrj>«n,
Hickman, Thoina< 'I. U.Hj5tya/lI(ward 
Ihich^ton. Ji \ve?t. Gee^> \Y jones, J. Glaney Jones,
K.']!y, Ki-iwoJ. K'jjff, Kiivn>. KY-i 2'«r, Knowlten, Knox,
Likt,. Lria-, r. Lu j;p!;in  3Jaee. Alevan--
vlei K .M'lrsh-'.Ii, rv.";u •! ^ ^iar-Ln'i. Max^vrU. MeMulhn,
iK-.na s MornU,
>!•)• " i5 k Mi>-, M m.u . \i Xortu.' . Andrew OJiver,
:.i. \t ru I'i.vc. Vwk't, l'niu>\ Parker, Frck, Peltoa,
is umv--. t'lke. i'uryear. Quitman, ileade,
IL'ddr, Rn- uiJ. KoUert \ KdW«o i. I-uir.n, Sahm,
-:. L 'v', rfhennsii, Sijjnaons. Sama. I A-
Wiiharn Smith/WiUiaio K. S|j2iih? Sneed, Stewait, Straa-
