1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ev$
as a question of privilege if it be not irfade on the
instant.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Yes.
Mr. STANTON. If the Journal be signed by
the Speaker, or ratified, I take it for granted that
no subsequent amendment is in order. It cannot
be moved at all.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Allow me to suggest
in reference to that, that the Journal is not ap-
proved if a gentleman rises at once and objects
to it.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I object to all
debate, and call for a decision on the question.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Ohio
insists on the question, the Chair will submit the
question to the House.
Mr. STANTON. Yes, sir, I do.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
rises to a question of privilege, and claims a right
to movean amendment to the Journal. The Chair
decides that the Journal, having been examined
this morning by the Speaker, approved by him,
and read to the House, and no question having been
made by the House, is approved; and the Chair
further decides that no question of privilege can
arise between reading the Journal and its approval
by the House; that the question of correcting it
is higher than all other questions, and must be
first determined. The gentleman from Ohio then
claims the right to move a reconsideration of the
constructive vote of the House approving the
Journal; and the Chair submits the question to
the House, 44 Shall the motion to reconsider
admitted as a question of high privilege, relating
to the Journal
Mr. EUST1S. Is it in order to move to lay the
motion on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, as the
motion is not received.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is the question debatable?
If so, I will move the previous question.
The SPEAKER. It is hardly a question for
debate.
The Speaker then put the question; and the
House determined it in the negative.
So Mr. Stanton's motion was not admitted.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
On the fifty-eighth page of the Manual I find the
following words:
" It is a breach of order for the Speaker to refuse to put
a question which la in order.5'
Now, the 56th rule of this House is as follows:
Ck Wh^n a motion has been once made, and carried in tne
affiimative or negative, it s-ha.ll be in order for a y member
of the majority to move lor the reconsideration thereof."'
If the House of Representatives, by a con-
structive vote, approved the Journal read this
morning, the gentleman from Ohio having voted
in the affirmative, and with the majority, has the
right to move a reconsideration of that vote. The
Chair, therefore, is out of order m not putting the
motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. No vote has been taken; and
no affirmative or negative vote has been given.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
motion of the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Akers] to lay on the table the following resolu-
tion reported by the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Washburn] from the Committee of Ructions:
R?<otvedy That John W. Whmiold is not entitled t<> a
seat in this Rouse, as a Delegate from the Territory ot
Kansas.
On the motion to lay on the table the yeas and
nays have been taken'by the order of the House,
and the result will now be announced.
The result was then announced—yeas 93, nays
9j; as follows:
YEAS — Messis. Aiken, Akcrs, Allen, Bark<idale, Bell,
Hondley S. liimnett, Bocock, Branch. Broom, Uunu'tt,
John P- Campbell, Carhle, Cauithf-r*, Chngman, Lionel!
Cobb, WilUam;-on R. \V. <\>hh. C<>\-, Crawford,
P.u'jdj-on, Jacob C. Davis, Denver. DuwdHI, Edmund-on,
Elliott. Khyh-di.Ethendjie. P.iMinFaulkner, Floienee, Fos- ;
ter, lii-my M. Fuller, Thomas J. 1). Fuller,. Garnctt.Goorie, j
Greenwood. Au^u^tu? Hall. J Morrison Warns Harrison, i
Hickman, Hoffman. Uo\wton, Jewett. Geojge \V. Jones. J. ,
OMancy Jones, Kelly, Kidwell, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, ;
Alexander K. Mai<haU. Huinptuey' Maisliall, Max\uik .
MeMullin, McCiueen, Smith Miller, Milison, Mordeeai Oh- '
vor, Paine, Peck, Phelps-, Powell, Uuitman, Reade, Ready, i
Ricaud, Ruffin, Savage, Reward, Shorter, Wilhnm Small, j
William R. Smith, Sneed, Stewart, Swopc, TiUbott, Tny- I
lor, Tnppe, Tjson, Underwood, Vail, Yalk, Wjlkei, War- >
ner, Watkins. Wells, Wheeler, Whitne\, Williams. Wins-
low, Daniel B, Wright, John V. Wnght, mid Zolheoffcr—
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison. Bail, Barbour, Barclay,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw,
Brenton, Buffinton, Burlingarae, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaf-
fee, Ezra Clark, dawson. Colfax. Comirifi, Covode, Cragin,
Cumback, Danirell, Day, Dean,'De Witt, Diek, Dickson,
Dodd. Dunn, Durfee, Edwards, Emrie, Flagler, Galloway,
Granger, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Ifaven, Hodges, Holto-
way, Thomas It. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard,
Ilushston, Kelsey.King, Knapp, Knight,Knowfton,Knox,
Letter, Mace, MeCarty, Killian Miller, Miliward, Morgan.
Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Parker, Pelton. Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Bobbins, Rob-
ert^ Salun, Sacc, Sapp, Scott, Sherman. Simmonsi, Spin-
ner, Stanton, Stranaban, Tappan, Thormgton, Thurnon,
Trafton, Wade, Wakeman, Waibiid^., WaldrJn, C&dwal-
ader O. Washburne, EUihu B. Wa.-hburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—-95.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. WATSON said: Mr. Speaker, I ask leave
to withdraw my vote. I gave it yesterday for-
getting at the moment that I had paired off with
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephen's.]
There being no objection, Mr. Watson* was
allowed to withdraw his vote.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs on
the motion to postpone the further consideration
of the resolution to Saturday next.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understood that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Broom] had made
a motion to postpone the further consideration
of this subject to the first Monday in December
next.
The SPEAKER. It was not entertained.
Mr. HOUSTON. I submit that motion, then.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be received at this
time. ;
Mr. PHELPS. I suggest, if this subject be '
postponed, that it be postponed to some day next ,
week—to Tuesday next, instead of Saturday, so
that time will be given for the printing of these '
reports.
Air. WASIIBURN, of Maine. I adopt the ■
; gentleman's suggestion as a modification of my
i motion. If it be the disposition of the House, I
shall then call for the previous question, and have i
■ the matter disposed of at once.
! Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a point of order. I
dexire to propose, before the previous question is
■ called, that this subject be postponed until the first
; Monday of December next: but I understand the
Chair decides that motion to be out of order.
' The SPEAKER. It is not in order, pending
the motion of the gentleman from Maine, that the
; subject be postponed to Tuesday next. It is a
motion to indefinitely postpone, which, under the 1
, rules, must be placed after the motion to postpone
s lo a day certain. •
I ' Air. HOUSTON. I move, then, that the sub- -
! jeet be postponed to the third day of Alarch next.
! Air. WHITFIELD. I desire "to say something:
on the pending resolution. I regard'that a great
outrage is attempted to be perpetrated on me and
my constituents. I desire to let the gentleman
from Maine know that when this question comes
up for discussion I wish to be heard, and to ask
that he will not cut me oil from beinff h^ard in my
own defense. When the House decidcd against
me at the last session, I went home and submitted
mv case to the people, and thov returned me. I
am here to-day as reguH-iy as anv member on
this door: htu 1 submit the case to the decision 1
of the House. I do not desire to consume any
time of the few remaining days of this Congress
in discussion. I only ask when I am tried to be
heard m my own defense. 1 hope the gentleman
will not call fur the previous question, so as to
prevent mv being heard. 1 wi'l not make any ,
speech at this inno. I only a*>k that 1 shall be
heard before tb^ House decides this question.
Air. WASHBURN, of Maine. 1 w,li state,
in reply to the gentleman from Kansas that 1
have no <(ispo#tioi\ whatever to prevent Ins being
heard on this question. When I call for the pre-
vious question, I have no objection to give him
half or two thirds of the hour avowed me, under
the rules, in which to close the debate. I assure i
the gentleman 1 have no desire to pi-event his ;
being heard. If the gentleman from Alabama :]
will withdraw his motion for the indefinite post-
nonement of this subject, we can then postpone
it until Tuesday next, when the gentleman from
'Kansas can have an opportunity to be heard: but
if the gentleman from Alabama will not with-
draw his motion,and this question is to be taken
now, and the merits of the resolution are to be ,
\ attempted to be decided on a motion to iudefis-
| itely postpone its consideration, then I shall call
for the previous question, and have this matter
disposed of at this time. I will withdraw the call
for the previous question, If the gentleman from
Alabama will withdraw his motion to indefinitely
postpone.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am much obliged to the
gentleman from Maine for his kindness in allow-
mg me, if I will indicate the fact in advance, to
: make a motion in this House. I am under an
, obligation to the gentleman^ If he will withdraw
; the call for the previous question, and allow me
1 to address the Chair, I will do so.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If the gentle-
man from Alabama will renew the call for the
previous question, I will withdraw it.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. What will be the
result of sustaining the previous question?
The SPEAKER. It will bring the House
directly to a vote upon the resolution.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Then I hope it $ill
not be sustained; and X call for tellers upon it.
t Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kxaff and
Faulknxii were appointed.
Air. HOUSTON. The Delegate from Kansas
; desires that I shall withdraw ray motion to post-
j pone to the 3d of Alarch; ana while I believe
that now is the proper time to take that vote and
' dispose of the question—-for it has occupied so
■ much time already that we have but very little
• left—yet in deferende to the wishes of the gen-
: tleman and those of his friends, I withdraw my
; motion to postpone.
!| Air. WASHBURN, of Maine. I withdraw
| my demand for the previous question; and I move
; to postpone the further consideration of the reso-
; lution until Tuesday next, and that the resolution
• and majority and minority reports be printed.
1 Air. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move toamend
the motion so as to postpone the question until
. Saturday of next week, in order that we may
get through some of the appropriation bills next
i week.
The amendment was agreed to.
The motion, as amended, was agreed to.
Air. A\ ASHBURN, of Maine, moved that the
vote oy which the motion was agreed to be recon-
sidered; and also moved that the motion to recon-
'i sidt-r be laid upon the table.
] The latter motion was agreed to.
I COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS.
!; Air. SNEED. I rise to a privileged question,
j I move to take up the motion made some time since
! to reconsider the vote of this House whereby
; House bill (No. 708) increasing the pecuniary  
' penalty for voluntary absence of members of
, Congress frem their duty, was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
, with a view of acting upon it now.
Air. IvEITT. Well, I shall object to that bill.
Tiie SPEAKER. Tiiere is a question pending
■ before tne Houst in the regular order of business.
The motion to reconsider will be in order when
the pending: question is disposed of.
Mr. SNEED. I have endeavored to get the
, floor for this purpose three or four times, but
1 have not succeeded.
: Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
move that the rules be suspended, and that the
, House resolve itself into the Committee of the
, Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Thfn I submit
that fnotion.
CLOSE OF DEBATE ON THE TARIFF,
j Air. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the sentle-
1 man to withdraw that mouon until I can submit
• a resolution to terminate debate on the special
! order.
Air. SAIITII. of Tennessee. I withdraw my
motion for that purpose.
Air. CAMPUELL, of Ohio. I move to term-
inate debate upon the special order in Committee
of the Whole on Monday next, at four o'clock,
p. m.
Mr. LETCH Ett. Will my friend from Ohio
allow me to mak? a su^ stion just here5 I de-
sire. as this is xvrhaps the most important ques-
tion before the'Hou^e—us important certainly as
any other which is likely to engage its attention—
that when that resolution is adopted it will be
