m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
adopted with the understanding upon the part of
the House, that the discussion shall go on upon
that subject alone, and that these other outside
questions, notconnected with it, shall be excluded I
for the balance of this debate. j:
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I modify my res- j(
olution so as to provide that when in committee, l;
nothing but debate upon the bill under consider- (
ation shall be-in order. j
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that the vote j
by which the resolution was adopted be recon- j
sidered, and also mov£d that the motion to recon- I
aider be laid on the table. j
The latter motion was agreed to. ;
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL. I
ment of the Senate, in which the Committee of
Ways and Means recommended non-concurrence;
and it was non-concurred in.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the votes on the Senate amendments, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion toas agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, then reported baclt House
bill (No. 614) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30,
1858, with the amendments of the Senate thereto.
Mr. WHITNEY. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the consent jj This bill was passed by this House, and sent to
of the House to report from the Committee of j| the Senate. That body returned it to us with cer-
Ways and Means two of the appropriation bills, jj tain amendments. There is one amendment which
with the amendments of the Senate, in order that >| I hold to be a new bill, which involves additional
thijf may be acted upon now. One of them at'I appropriations, and is entirely apart from the ap-
least will involve the necessity of a committee of ;j propnation in the original bill. Now, my point
conference, arid the sooner they are disposed of 'j is, that this bill should, under the rules, first be
in the House the better.
No objection being made, 1
Mr. CAMPBELLreported back from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means an act (H. K. No.
581) making appropriation Qrr the support of the
Military Academy for the year ending 30th June, i.
1858, with the Senate amendments thereto, with j
a recommendation that one of said amendments !
be concurred in, with an amendment, and that the
other be disagreed to. '!
Mr. HOUSTON. If the amendments to that i|
bill are not likely to consume too much time I
will not object to their consideration now. ;
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. They will not. ,
Mr. HOUSTON. As we have limited the time '•
for debate upon the tariff bill, I do not want to i
have much of that time consumed for other pur-
poses. ;;
The SPEAKER. The amendments will be |
read for information.
The amendments of the Senate were read, as !j
follows: >
At the end of the bill add the following new ^octions:
Sec. 2. vSwt be it further cnucted, That there shall be
appointed at the Military Academy, in addition to the Pro-
fessors authorized by the existing law*, a Professor of Span-
ish at a salary of $"J.OOO per annum, and an As&istant Pro-
fessor of French .'it $1,^0 per annum.
Sec. 3. Jh\d be if. further cuac'cd, Tht't the compensation |
of the Muster of the .Sword be $1,500 per annum. wjUj fuel '
and quarters.
The Committee of Ways and Moans recom- I
mend a concurrence in the first amendment with 1
the following amendment: J
' Strike out the words, "and an Assistant Professor of1
French at$1,230 per annum-;"
considered in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman makes
objection, the biii must t: kc that direction.
Mr. W HIT.VEY. I insist that the bill shall
hnve its fust considtration in that committee.
The bill and amendments were accordingly re-
fen ed to the Committee uf the Whole on the state
of the Union.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. AivKHS. 1 ask the unanimous consent of
the House for leave to withdraw from the Court
of Chums the petition and papers of the heirs of
Daniel Irjdmger, and that they be refvrtd to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
There being no objection, it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
PACIFIC RAILROAD MINORITY REPORT. i
Mr. KIDWELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask the !
unanimous consent of the House to present and i
have printed a supplemental report from the mi- [
nority of the select committee on the Pacific Rail- 1
load. j
There was no objection, and the report was !
ordered to be printed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker,! wish
to make a personal explanation. I desire to say
that my vote to table the resolution proposing a
joint committee to wait on Messrs. Buchanan an<i
Brcckimidffc, to inform them of their election, and
the Journal", as it appears now, involve me in an
and recommend a non-concurrence in the second jj
amendment
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; being first on the amend-
ment recommended by the Committee of Ways
and Means to the first amendment of the Senate.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I wish the chairman
of the Committee of "Ways and Means to inform
the "House what is the amount of salary now paid
to the French professor ?
Mr. PHELPS. Two thousand dollars a year 7 .1 a ■ 1 . ■ .1 m u
—ihe same as this. ' fl'om the offic,al P 111 thp Gloh<"-
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 ask for the yeas
and nays on the question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
amendment on the table.
The SPEAKER. * That motion carries the bill
with it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am aware of
that.
at once to allude to, and to explain. My'vote
was based on the views 1 urged yesterday and
to-day, and upon the fact that no constitutional
ascertainment of the election has yet been officially
concluded. Even as it reads, the Journal of this
House does not show that fact—all it contains is
a recital of things that are said to have transpired
in the joint convention of the Houses. It was
only yesterday evening, sir, after the separation
of the Houses, and while the question of privilege
was on the tap::-;, that the following interrogatory
was addressed to the Chair in this House. I read
1 he motion to lay on the table was not agreed
to. i
Mr. WALBRIDGE called for tellers on the j
amendment to the amendment. j
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Zollic offer '
and Thorington were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported 
ayes 87, noes 31.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment as amended was concurred in.
The question recurred on the second amend-
is under discussion before the House, involving
the point that the business of counting the votes
for President and Vice President is not concluded
in your own estimation or in the estimation of
the members of this House. More than half a
dozen gentlemen of this Chamber have expressed
the opinion upon this floor that the joint conven-
tion had not closed its session—that the Senate
had retired to consult about the vote of Wiscon-
sin; and the resolution offered by the gentleman
from South Carolina, and the amendments offered
by the gentlemen from Maine and Ohio show on
their face that they expect the Senate to return to
close that business properly. Mr. Speaker, you at
first directed the regular older of business after
; the retirement of the Senate; but then you enter-
|| tained the resolutions and amendments as priv-
[i ileged, which they could only have been upon the
!j ground that the joint convention had not definitely
J closed. Wo discussed the matter yesterday and
■ j to-day on that hypothesis only.
i This being the state of the case, and the tellers
|| having made no report which, according to your
j own ruling yesterday, could go on the Journal
of this House, the resolution of the gentleman
i from Tennessee appeared to me quite premature,
11 and to be improper at this stage of the proceeding.
| My vote that it lie on the table intends 110 dis-
|j courtesy to the gentlemen to whom it refers, but
1 means merely that I wish this high transaction to
:j be done agreeably to the Constitution, and that
|! the point desired shall be properly approached.
| As it is, 1 think the Journal shows an appeal
'1 pending, which proves that the House has not
" yet decided the business of the joint convention
concluded. The vote of Wisconsin has not yet
'| been counted, unless the precedent has estab-
; Jished the power eiaimi-ii by the President of the
Senate to count the votes, and both Houses have
agreed that they were mere spectators of the
:: scene. JN"o certificate of the count, signed by the
i telleis, lias been read to the Houses in the pres-
J ence of each other; but, on the contrary, the Pres-
;! ldent of the Seriate declared the tellers had not
:| completed their task, when a motion was made,
put, and carried, that the Senate retire to their
Chamber to consult. This being the statxis of
the case, I submit, sir, that my vote was proper;
and I do not mean to permit myself to appear to
be stultified by the shape it may suit others to
give to this proceeding, and which involves me
in an apparent discourtesy. I make this state-
ment to place myself right before the country. If
it pleases the House to cut the Gordian knot by
abandoning the duty it should perform, in my
opinion, under the Constitution, that will not
affect me, as I protest against it.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. It will be re^"
membered by every member of this House that
the tellers reported to the convention the vote for
President and Vice President: and deeming that
there is no necessity for reply to the gentleman
from Kentucky, I move that the rules be sus-
pended and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it neces-
sary to say, in explanation of the Journal made
by the Clerk and approved by the Chair, that
the concurrent vote of the two Houses required
that the declaration should be spread upon the
Journal^; and it also required tha't the President
of the Senate pro tempore should preside during
the time the joint convention was assembled.
The Chair does not understand that it was the
duty ot the Clerk to makearecord of the proceed-
ings in that convention.
Mi. BALL. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report from the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds a joint resolution
authorizing the removal of the Centre Market
"Mr. Scorr. Allow m-? to malfp an wquUyof the Chair, j
X understand that our Journal will show the action of the !!
convention. :i
"The 5HPEA.KER, The House has no Journal o;* the con- j
venHon." i|
Yet, sir, somehow or other, what purports to i!
be an account of occurrences in that convention
is to-day spread upon the Journal of this House, i
The Journal commences with the proceedings of ij House, inthe city of Washington, and "for other
the House and glides, cm-rente calamo, into an 1 purposes, for reference only °
account which narrates what the President of the -  
Senate said and ordered in a joint convention, as 1
it is termed, and no teller appointed by this House ,
has, up to this moment, reported to the House
what transpired in that meeting of the Houses, j
so as to give the account a proper place on the 1    a    „   U1
House Journal, and to make it part of the archives ]j New Mexico, on certain land claims in that Ter-
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Department of the Interior,
transmitting reports of the Surveyor General of
of this House. But more, Mr. Speaker; the res- [
olution proposed, and the House has ordered, «• to be printed.
a committee to wait on the gentlemen alluded to, • s  
and to inform them, of their election, when your
Journal doea show that an appeal is pending and
ritory; which was laid on the table, and ordered
Also, a communication from the same Depart-
ment, transmitting plans and estimates for build-
ings for the Department of the Interior; which
