1857.
tm concessional GLOBM
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
philadelphia post office.
Mr. TYSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced tlie following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the I'osrmr^tcr General be requested to
inform this Hou-e whether the amount appropriated for j
a post office in Philadelphia is sufficient to complete the j
building and furnish it with the requisite accommodations; i
and ifiiot, what additional .sum will be nccessary. j
the tariff. j
The question was then taken on the motion of j
Mr. Smitii, of Tennessee; and it was agreed;
to. I
The House accordingly resolved itself into the ■
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, I
(Mr. H. Marshall in the chair,) and resumed |
the consideration of the special order, being the j
bill to reduce the duty on imports, and for other |
purposes. j
The CHAIRMAN stated that the gentleman \
from Ohio [Mr. Wade] was entitled to the i
floor. I
Mr. WADE. I believe that the understanding
was that the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Cox] was to have the floor whenever the House
went into committee again.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky waives his right to the floor under the order
of the House of this morning.
Mr. WADE. I yield the floor also, if I am to
be confined to the sheep's-\vool question.
Mr. DE WITT obtained the floor. j
Mr. GREENWOOD. Before the gentleman |
from Massachusetts proceeds, I desire to make j
thispointto theChair: Thegentleman fromKen-
tucky [Mr. Cox] obtained the floor at the last
sitting of the committee; and I ask whether or not
the action of the House this mornmg, limiting the
topic of discussion, precludes that gentleman from
discussing any question before the committee he
thinks proper, inasmuch as he acquired his right
to the floor previous to the adoption of the reso-
ution to which I have referred
The CHAIRMAN. It is a rule of the Consti-
tution that no ex jmst facto law shall be passed,
[laughter;] but the Chair is bound by the decision
of the House to hold that the House is competent
at any time to make an order as to debate; and
the Chair rules that the gentleman from Kentucky
falls within the rule, that he is entitled to the floor
to make a speech, but that that speech must be
made within the rule of the House.
Mr. ELLIOTT. The gen lleman from Kentucky
obtained the floor before this rule was passed,
and if he had gone on at the time of obtaining
the floor he would have had the right to discuss
any question pertaining to the state of the Union.
I think the committee, in courtesy, ought by
general consent to permit the gentleman to pro-
ceed in his own way. I make a motion to that
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair r *
Mr. ELLIOTT. I do not; but I move that the
gentleman be allowed to proceed in his own way
upon any subject on which he wishes to address
the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot enter-
tain the motion of the gentleman from Kentucky;
and the Chair would rule as he has, though the
whole committee were opposed to'him.. The
Chair is obliged to enforce the order of the House.
Mr. COX. I will simply remark that I ob-
tained the floor several days ago when the House
had not adopted the resolution restricting the limit
of debate. It was not my intention to confine
myself particularly to the subject before the com-
mittee—the tariff—having prepared myself with
some thoughts of a general nature upon the pol-
itics of the country. The order of the House
this morning requires that when the House goes
into committee again, all debate shall be conn nod
to the subject of the tariff. I did not intimate,
at the time the resolution was passed, that I ob-
jected to it, because the resolution took a shape
which seemed to intimate that it was done to facil-
itate the business of the House; and while it had
that appearance on its face, I had no idea that any
good would grow out of it. It seems to me that
those members of the House; who are in the habit
of making the most noise about facilitating the
business of the House, themselves consume more
time than all other members together.
I will endeavor, at some future time, to get the
floor for the purpose of expressing my views
upon the subject which I had chosen.
Mr. DE WITT then addressed the committee
on the tariff question.
Messrs. EUSTIS and COYODE also severally
addressed the committee on the same subject.
The speeches are withheld for revision, and
will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, obtained the floor,
but yielded it to
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, who said: The
gentleman from Virgiaia does not desire to speak
this evening. I hope that he will be regarded as
entitled to the floor in the morning, and that the
committee will take a recess until se\en o'clock
this evening, with the understanding that the
evening session is for debate only.
Mr. HOUSTON. Forgenera! discussion, and
not discussion of the tariff merely :
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Yes, sir.
Mr. aUITMAN. Is there anybody here who
desires to make a speech to-night.'
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have heard of
none.
Mr. tlUITMAN. Is there any here?
There was no response.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Then I withdraw
the motion for an evening session, and now move
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. H. Marshall reported :
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of :
the Union had, accoiding to order, had the Union 1
generally under consideration, and particularly :
the special order, and had come to no resolution .
thereon.
JOINT RESOLUTION OF INDIANA.
Mr. COLFAX, by unanimous consent, pre- 1
sented a joint resolution of the Legislature of
Indiana, concerning the tariff on sugar; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES, ETC.
Mr. FLORENCE, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported a
bill for the relief of Robert Cunningham; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered, to be printed.
Mr. BURLINGAME, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, reported
a bill for the relief of Ralph King, late United
States consul at Bremen: which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to l;o printed.
Mr. McCARTY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following lesolu-
tion:
Resciccil, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
mstiucteil to inquire into tile expediency ot making  n
appropriation toi lurtiiei experiments m lefeienee to ilie
improvements of J. 31. trigourncy m nlied ordnance and
projectile^.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. QUITMAN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported a
bill authorizing the Secretary of War to pay cer-
tain volunteers therein specified; which was read
a first and second tifne, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be punted.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, bv unanimous
consent, intafeuccd a bill to provide for the de-
posit of the surplus in the Treasury of the United
States with the several States; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWS.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Orfercf. That the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
charged liom the turUier consideration of the petition and
papers in the ease of the Langley lteirs ; and also, that the
pat ties have leave to withdi aw the papers, on leaving copies
^ lth the Clerk.
And then, on motion of Mr. LETCHERjJie
House (at four o'clock, p. m.) adjourned. ^
IN SENATE.
♦Fiupat, February 13, 1857. < .
Prayer by Rev. Dasiel Waldo, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of theUni-
ted States, communicating, in further compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of the 5th instant,
requesting him to communicate transcript^ of
papers relative to the proclamation of martial tow
by Governor Stevens, of Washington Territory,
a report of the Secretary of War; which was
read, and, on motion of Mr. Hcnter, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a communica-
tion from the Secietaryof the Interior, in re-
; spouse to the resolution of the 10th instant, call-
' ins; for information in regard to the propriety of
; creating an additional surveyor general's office
: in the district now composed of Iowa, Wisconsin,
; and Minnesota; which, on motion of Mr. Jones,
i of Iowa, was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in reply to a reso-
lution of the ?th instant, as to improvements on the
plan for the extension of the Treasury building;
which was, on motion of Mr. Weller, referred
to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
He also laid before the Senate a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, in reply to the
resolution of the 26th ultimo, calling for informa-
tion as to the expenditure of the money appropri-
ated fur the Indian tribes during the last fiscal
year; which, on motion of Mr. Weller, was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BIGGS presented the memorial of John
M. Hinton, comractor for carrying the mail from
Norfolk, Virginia, to Edenton, North Carolina,
pray ins to be allowed indemnity for losses sus-
; tained by him or. his contract, in consequence of
the yellow fever which prevailed in Norfolk in
' 1855: which was referred to the CommjUee on
! the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PUGH presented the petition of citizens
of Defiance, Ohio, for an appropriation for deep-
ening: the channel through the Maumee Bay;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. WILSON presented the memorial of mem-
bers of the Legislature of the Territory of Kan-
s.w, uivj'-r the Topeka constitution, praying
Congress to hid them ill their struggle to main-
tain what they regard as their constitutional
rights; which was referred to the Committee on
Territories.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered Timtthe pennons of Francis Picard, admim's-
tr uor of Captain Pierre Avon, of the Revolution, and Mail',
!ii.? wife, he withdr.-iwn from the liies, and referred to the
Court of Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred a bill reported to
the Senate from the Court of Claims, on Febru-
ary 5, for the relief of John Ericsson, with the
opinion of the court in the case, reported the bill
(i-i. No. 5S9) without amendment, and submitted
a report; which was ordered to be printed. The
biH was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the following bills, reported them
without amendment:
An act (C. C. No. 23) for the relief of Isaac
Swain;
An act (H. R. No. 652) for the relief of Joseph
JI, Kennedv:
An act (tl. R. No. 655) for the relief of the
heirs of William Easbv, deceased; and
1 An act (C. C. No. 15) for the relief ofThomas
M. Newell.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
: to whom was referred the memorial of James
: Maccaboy, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 590) for the relief of James Macca-
