1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Calendar again in its order; but let us first take
vip those bills which are not objected to, and go
through with them, which we can do by two
o'clock.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Of course this can only
be done by unanimous consent. The Senator
from Florida objects, and therefore we must go
on under the rule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Private
Calendar will not be taken up until one o'clock,
unless, on a motion being made, the Senate direct
that course to be pursued.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to postpone all prior
orders, with a view to take up the private bills
on the Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
GEORGE A. MAGRUDER.
The first bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 371) reported from the Court of Claims for
the relief of George A. Magruder, which the Sen-
ate proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole,
to consider. Its object is to direct the Secretary
of the Treasury'to pay to George A. Magruder,
a commander in the Navy, $3,830 12, being the
sum now due to him by law for his services as
captain of the frigate Columbia, from April 18,
1838, to June 28, 1840.
Mr. STUART. I ask that the opinion of the
Court of Claims in that case may be read; and I
respectfully invite the attention of the Senate to
it, because I intend to comment adversely to its
decision.
Mr. FOOT. Will the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, who reports this bill, let me know whether
this case has the unanimous concurrence of the
court, or whether there is a dissenting opinion >
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not recollect. My
impression is that it is the unanimous opinion of
the Court of Claims, but the papers will show.
The Secretary read the following opinion of the
Court of Claims:
George Jl. Magruder vs. the United States.
Opinion of the Court delivered by Gilchrist, C. J.
On the 10th of December last an opinion was delivered in
this case, that the claimant was entitled to relief. Since
that time we have been favored with the views of the
Fourth Auditor of the Treasury upon the qup&tion. His
letterof the 3d of January, containing a statement of certain
facts and an argument addressed to the Secretary of the
Treasury, has been forwarded to tins court. We have re-
viewed our decision and reexamined the case by the light
thrown upon it by this letter.
The firht section of the act of Mai eh 3,1835, (4 Statutes,
7.36,) provides that officers temporarily performing the
duties belonging to those of a higher grade shall receive the
compensation allowed to such higher grade while actually
so employed."
By the plain and obvious meaning and words of this act,
if an officer tempoianly perfoiins the duties belonging to a
higher grade, he entitled to increased compensation. But
the act, like all other laws, must receive a reasonable con-
struction. Its meaning is a question of law, and it is to be
construed by the same rule?, and the same mode is to be
adopted in order to ascertain its intent, which are applica-
ble, and which is adopted, in the ease of any other statute.
It would be unreasonable to hold that an officer might per-
form the duties of a higher grade "of his own accord, or
under incompetent authority, and then claim the benefit of
the actor that *• if a passed midshipman should chance
to have volunteeied to perfoim the duties of an indoleut
lieutenant; or 11 a lieutenant should, from politeness to the
captain, have relieved him from his duties,'' these officers
might respectively claim an increased compensation. Such
consequences do not follow from a reasonable construction
of thc act, although that seems to be appiehended by the
Auditor m his argument. If an officer actually performs
the duty belonging to a higher grade, he is entitled, prima
facie, to the benefit of the act. If any evidence exists
which shows that, although he actually did the duty, he per-
formed it under such circumstances as would render it un-
jeusunable and contrary to the true meaning of the act that
lie should receive additional compensation, then it should
rot be paid. The ca&es supposed by the Auditor would
probably be of this character.
It appears from the Auditor's letter, that a few days after
the enactment of the law of 183.5, "the accounting officers
made and published a legulation requiring, as evidence m
support of claims to extraordinary pay for having performed
the duties of a&upenor grade,awntten acting appointment
from the Secretary of the Navy, or if such service should
he called for while the vessel should be at sea, then such
written appointment fioin the commanding officer of a
squadron or vessel on separate service ; and pursers were
directed to enter and pay officers so appointed in their
acting rank tiom the acceptance of the appointment and
commencement of seivice under it. The written acting
appointment as proof of authority, and the entry upon the
rolls as proof of service, constituted the requisite evidence.
On the 23d of Maich, 1S38, the Secretary of the Navy
addressed a letter to tins office, diieoting that a greater
number of officers on board of a vessel of war than the
complement of such vessel should not be paid, the com-
plement of eaeh class of vessels having been previously
fixed by the Piesident of the United States. On the 24th
of the same month, the accounting officers issued another
\circular, containing the following regulation m reference to
the performance of duties belonging to a superior grade:
1 To authorise payments to acting officers (as such) there
must be an acting appointment in due form, corroborated
by an entry on the pay and muster-roll?, and also a certifi-
cate to be filed with the accounts from the commanding
officer, stating that the officer acting bas actually performed
the duties ot the higher grade (naming it) for the time
claimed, and that there was not more than a complement
of that grade on board, including the acting officer, during
the time he was acting.'"
Now the substantial effect of the act of Congress and the
regulation of the " accounting officers" is as follows: The
act of Congress provides that if an officer shall temporanly
periorm the duties of a higher grade, he shall receive the
increased compensation. It prescribes no particular mode
of proof. Consequently, under the act, any legal evidence
is admissible. But the regulation provides that the officer
shall not be paid unless he produces a urritten appointment.
It prescribes a condition not required by the act of Con-
gress. The statute admits any legal evidence, while the
regulation excludes it. Now it seems not to have occurred
to the Navy Department, or to the 61 accounting officers,"
to inquire nito the extent of tnesr authority, and to as-certain
whether they had the power of legislation to an extent
which would authorize them to superadd a condition not
required by the act of Congress. It is Congress that is su-
preme in such matters, and not an executive department,
; and departmental regulations must be made in subordination
! to the law of Congress, ft is the duty or' the departments to
i administer the law, but it is the con-ututional privilege of
| Congress to enact it. The Departments stand, in relation to
| this matter, upon the same ground with this court and with
i the judiciary in general. It is their duty, as it is our duty,
1 to admini>tei the law, and not to make it. The theory of
our Government requires that the legislative, the judicial,
and the executive department* should be kept distinct from !
each other. We5 like the executive departments, are to j
administer the law, regardless of the consequences. If an j
improvident or ill-advised law is pasted, neither we nor I
they have any right to repeal it; nor. whatever may be oar j
private opinions as to it-s expediency, have we any right to i
place any obstacles in the way of its lull and perfect execu- j
tion. Tins is the onlysafety of the Republic, that the law, |
and that alone, shall be executed according to ita simple j
and obvious meaning. ]
We are aware of the difficult position of, and the respon- j
sibihties thrown upon, the executive officers. They are j
the necessary incidents to their position, and their duties j
are certainly no greater nor more responsible than those of j
the judiciary. But we have no right, when an act of Con- 1
gress admits evidence ot a certain kind, to decide that we ,
will not render a judgment foi a claimant unless he pro- '
duces evidence of a different kmd. We have no power to !
repeal or modify an act of Congress by a rule of this court,
nor can it be done by a regulation of an executive depart-
ment. Wc may adopt rules of practice, and the df-part-
I ments may make regulations, but wc must each be carefjgj
1 that they are in stuct subordination to the law. Wherever
■\ there is any antagonism between them, the rule* of prac-
I tice and the'regulauons must yield, and the law of Congress
j! must govern. But whether the regulation might or might
j| not, under some circumstances, have the force of a law.
j; the practice of the accounting officers is not to regard it as
M possessing such a validity. It is suspended in its application
|! to individual cases as the accounting officers think proper.
ii It was suspended in the present case. The Fourth Auditor
j i says, " As itappeared, however, that Commndo*c Read had
:: been absent from the ship foi five or six months on business
il of the Government, the rules were so far relaxed as to allow
| j Mr. Magi uder the difference of pay he asked for at that pe
h nod." But the claimant had no written acting appmnt-
| ment. If the regulation was a ruie of law, and to be fol-
h lowed as such, the whole claim should have been rejected.
; • That it is not regarded as a rule of law, however, appears
S| fiom the fact that it is applied or relaxed according to the
;• discretion of the accounting officers for the tune being. It
i. needs no argument to ehcuv tha' a regulation which the
ii accounting officers may regard or not a=- they think proper,
! | cannot be considered as having the force of iaw. All that
j' can be sjidof it is, that the accounting officers enforce it or
; disregard it, accoiding t«"  circumstance*. •
![ Wc may apply to tlur- regulation the remarks mad": b}
the Supreme Couit in the case of The Tnited States rs.
Dickson, 15 Peters, 151. It is theie said, '• The construction
so given bv the Treasury Department to any law affecting
j, its arrangement and concerns is certainly entitled to great
rospect. Sail, howe\ ei, if it i> not in conformity to the true
■, intendment and provisions, of the law, it cannot be pernnt-
,: ted to conclude the judgment of a couit of justice. The
' constiuction given to the laws by any department ot the
! | e\ecuuvejgpo\ eminent is necessarily ex pnte. without the
i1 benefit o* n opposing argument in a suit where the very
;! matter is m controversy; and when the construction is once
j! given, there is no opportunity to question or revise it by
i those who are most interested m it as officers.*' 4 * "
!: ^ It is not to be forgotten that ours is a Government oflaw«,
and not of men.3' It cannot surclv be asked of the judi-
' j ciary to give to an executive regulation more binding force
| than is given to it by the Department by which it was made,
'1 or to consider it as imperative wIipii it is not so regarded by
i i the Department.
The evidence shows that the claimant actually performed
Ji the dut.es of captain of the Columbia, from the 18th of
;j April. 1833, to the 2Srh of June, 18-10. The certificate of
I; Commodoie Read is as follows:
I certify that Lieutenant George Magruder was senior
lieutenant on board the frigate Columbia, from the 18th
April. 183S. to the 28th June. 18J0, during which tune I
commanded the United States naval force in the East In-
dies; and I further certify that Lieutenant Magruder stood
to me in the relation of captain of the Columbia, and actu-
ally performed the duties of captain during the period*set
forth above. GEORGE C. READ.
" Philadelphia, February 3,1855."
Tt is admitted that this certificate is^enuine. and the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs m the House regard it as u conclu-
sive as to the capacity in which the petitioner perfouued
duty." The argument of Use Fourth Auditor is, that Com-
modore Sead has stated, "not that Mr. Magruder had actu-
ally discharged the duties of captain, hot that he had stood
In the relation of a captain to him." if this be the certificate
to which the Auditor alludes, Commodore Bead states that
the claimant " actually performed the duties of captain."
But even if he had not so stated in terms, no other con-
struction could be given to die certificate. If it is said that
an individualli stands in the relation of chleTjostice of the
Supreme Court," is any other idea conveyed than that he is
chief justice? Such is the obvious and simple meaning of
the language.
The act of March 3,1835, was modified by the twelfth
section of the act of August 26, 1842, (5 Stat., 536,) which
provided that no allowance should be made for performing
the duties of a higher grade, unless the officer bad been
ordered to perform it by the Secretary of the Navy, or the
commander of a fleet or squadron, or ship acting simply on
foreign service. The effect of this act is merely to require
! that the order shall have been previously given. It implies
that the order need not have been given by the former act,
| otherwise why was the act passed." unless" to remedy what
was considered as a defect? Nothing is said in it about a
written appointment; if Congress had thought that a writ-
ten appointment was necessary they would have said so.
As they said nothing on the point, while legislating upon
the subject, it is to be presumed that they did not consider
it important.
We see nothing in the case that calls on the claimant to
do anything more than to make out his claim by the ordi-
na ry rules of evidence. That he has done and has proved ;
we think that he is entitled to relief; and we report a bill
accordingly.
: Mr. STUART. I ask the attention of the
Senate while I state very briefly what an exam-
ination of the papers in this case bas shown. I
do not object to the genera! principle which the
court has laid down in this opinion at all; but the
particular principles, and the application of the
principles to this case, I do object to.
Now, let us see what the case is. This indi-
vidual, signing himself to the certificate " Com-
modore Read," was at that time Captain Read
himself. He was not a commodore; he was a
captain.
Mr. WELLER. There is no commodore in
our Navy.
Mr. STUART. I only say he signed him-
self " Commodore Read; and the charge of Mr.
Magruder is for doing the duties of a captain.
He claims that he performed the duties of a cap-
tain during the time stated, which is a very con-
' siderablc period, when Captain Read was cap-
tain in command. The evidence of that state of
. facts is a certificate signed ii Commodore Read,®'
1 certifying that Magruder stood in the relation of
| captain to him, and performed the duties of cap-
tain. -
! Mr. WELLER. Did he command mfe flag-
i ship ?
! Mr. STUART. No, sir, not at all. In this
' evidence there is an important fact which should
I be stated in the outset, and taken into consider-
> ation by the Senate. When this cruise was fitted
; out and directed the Navy department, a prop-
; osition of this sort was made. It was considered
at the Department, and refused. The officer in
command did not want any other captain; he
declined having one. I say that is an important
. fact to be considered. The Department offered
to give him an officer of the actual rank of cap-
tain, and he declined having it. That appears
from the evidence in the case: yet Read certifies,
not that Magruder was captain, but that he stood
in the relation of a captain, and performed the
; duties of a captain.
The President was authorized by law to fix the
: complement of officers on board a ship. He had
; done it. The regulation of the Navy Department
; is, that no officers beyond that complement shall
| he paid: and on that is based a regulation of the
: Treasury Department, that, in order to entitle an
p officer to pay above his grade, he must have an
i acting appointment.
Now, what doctrines have been aPlfM by the
;; court in this case, ami what are the consequences ?
!| They have applied the doctrine that is applied to
[ individual transactions. "Where A works for B,
; the iaw presumes that he did it at his request,
| and, unless the contrary appears, R is boand'to
; pay. But in a military service, I ask the Senate,
is "there any such thing as an officer it) command
without an appointment, unless in the case tbflt
!' happens scme'imes, of the death of the sujierior
, officer, being the only person present who can
i; give him the appointment ? The regulations re-
!, quire that an officer shall have an acting appoint-
i' ment from the Secretary of the Wavy, or from
I the commander of a squadrou abroad; yetlliis
: court says—what? 2fot that this is not necessary
'. strictly, as the Senafe will by looking' fti itiis
