•1857.
the -diMfe
The law of 1842 repealed this act, and provided
under what restrictions officers performing the
duties of a higher grade should receive higher
pay. A subsequent act of Congress was passed,
and still further modified, taking away the pay
for performing the duties of a higher grade, as
I think very justly. I beg leave to be under-
stood as not defending the act of 1835. If I had
been in Congress, 1 certainly should have voted
against^ any such measure. It was very loose
legislation, and the appearance placed on this case
bytheSenatorfromMichiganisveryjust. "When
the frigate went to sea, and the commodore was
offered a captain, he declined to take one; but after
the ship got to sea, he undertook himself to create
an officer which the Department had refused. I
concede all that; but then the claimant here comes
within the terms of the law most clearly. He did
perform the duties of a higher grade. That was
all the law required. He has made proof of it.
He did not perform them of his own authority.
He performed them under the highest authority
known to him—his commander-in-chief—an au-
thority which he had no right to disobey and dis-
regard. If we confine ourselves to the law of
1835, I can see no ground for refusing our assent
to the decision of the Court of Claims.
Mr. SLIDELL. I should like to ask one or
two questions of the chairman of the Naval Com-
mittee as to the force of regulations. I have
assumed always that any regulation made by the
Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of War,
when promulgated, formed a rule for the service
when not incompatible with existing laws. There
is a regulation which I do not observe noticed in
the opinion of the Court of Claims, and to which
I call the attention of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs;  
"Treasury Department,
"Fourth Auditor's Office, MarchSi, 1838.
"Sir: The following is a regulation of the Navy Depart-
ment, to be found among the rules and regulations of 1818:
"No commander of a fleet, squadron, division, or single
ship, while in the United States, shall order any commis-
sion or warrant officer to any slap under his1 command,
without being authorized bythe Secretary of the Navy ;
nor shall lie gtve acting appointments, or make any changes
whatever in the arrangement and distribution of the officers
of the Navy, without the approbation of the Secretary of
the Navy."
It will be observed that this regulation applies
to officers within the limits of the United States.
A subsequent part of the same regulation applies
to commanderagprithout the limits of the United
States.
ii This regulation is still in force, aa the Secretary of the
Navy has recently decided. Therefore, all acting appoint-
ments made in the United States, unless made in conform-
ity to it, are unauthorized and void. Consequently, you
will not pay any claims for services performed in the Uni-
ted States under acting appointments, unless upon the pro-
duction of the written approbation of the Secretary of the
Navy, or with the sanction of the accounting officers, based
upon his appiobation.
(i Nor can any acting appointments for foreign stations be
recognized at Ibis oifice, utiles made in strict contormity
with'the reflations of the Navy Depaitmenf, to be found
on pages -24 and 4o of the lied Book, that is : when a passed
midshipman or midshipman performs temporarily the duties
of a lieutenant, it paid as a lieutenant, he must have re-
ceived a written acting appointment at the time he com-
menced to act as such, and his name must be entered on
the pay and muster rolls as acting."
I believe it is not pretended that Lieutenant
Magruder, as he was at that time, ever received
any acting appointment at all. I wish to call par-
ticularly the attention of a gentleman who cer-
tainly ought to have the interests of the Navy at
heart, and the enforcement of its regulations, to
what I conceive to be the very peculiar circum-
stances of this case. There appears to be some
discrepancy about the regulations. It is doubtful
whether Commodore Read was entitled at all to
have a captain. It is conceded that he had a right
to have a commander on board his ship.
Mr. MALLORY. My friend will allow me to
make an observation here. I called his atten-
tion to that particular point whence he thinks any
doubt exists to the right of Captain Read to have
a captain.
Mr. SLIDELL. I point to the regulations and
correspondence of the Secretary of the Navy. It
appears to me absolutely certain that the Depart-
ment was disposed to give to Captain Read the
benefit of officers of every grade necessary to the
proper complement of his ship, and the proper
discharge of his duties. He wished to take Lieu-
tenant Pendergrast, not as captain of his ship,
but as commander, The Secretary of the Navy
says, I cannot permit Pendergrast to go with you
as commander; it is contrary to the regulations.
Commodore Read addressee! the Department to
know whether an informal intimation cannot be
given to him that if he takes Pendergrast to sea
as lieutenant, so soon as he quitted the limits of
the United States he shall confer on him the grade
of commander, or give him an acting appointment
to that grade ? The Secretary of the Navy says,
No; I will not do it.
Then, what does Commodore Read ? He takes
a lieutenant, not Pendergrast, but Magruder. The
Secretary of the Navy had already refused to per-
mit him to take Pendergrast to perform the duties
of commander of the ship. The grade of com-
mander is next to that of lieutenant. The Secre-
tary of the Navy had peremptorily refused to
allow Mr. Pendergrast to serve as commander,
and receive the emolument of that office. Com-
modore Read, knowing that such was the fixed
policy of the Department, knowing that it had
been absolutely refused in the case of Pendergrast,
takes Magruder to sea as lieutenant, and when he
gets out of the limits of the United States, he does
not raise him one grade, but two grades, and now
we are called upon to pay the additional emolu-
ment, not for a single advanced grade of service,
but for two grades at the same time, amounting
to some four thousand dollars. I think it a man-
ifest abuse.
While I am disposed to pay every proper def-
erence to the Court of Claims, and I am willing
to receive their statement of facts generally as
true, when I do not agree with them as to a ques-
tion of public policy, or their expounding of the
law, I should pay no more attention to their de-
cision than to the opinion of any gentleman on this
floor, and perhaps not as much.
Mr. MALLORY. In answer to my friend from
Louisiana, I would say that the regulation to
which he refers, that a commander-in-chief of a
squadron shall not appoint a subordinate officer
to a higher grade, applies to the waters of the
United States, because they are under the imme-
diate eye of the Navy Department, and all such
appointments can be made by the Navy Depart-
ment.
Mr. SLIDELL. I expressly stated that the
first branch of the regulation did not apply beyond
the United States, but the second branch did.
Mr. MALLORY. There was no regulation,
to my knowledge, existing, which, at that time,
prevented Captain Read from appointing an offi-
cer of subordinate grade to perform higher duties
on a foreign station. On the contrary, that power
was exercised in every American fleet upon every
foreign station. The commander-in-chief did it
invariably, and the law of 1835 gave them the
pay. In some cases it was refused, and in pome
cases allowed.
1 said, m the remarks which I made before, that
if I had been in Congress when this law was
passed, I should have voted against it. These
difficulties could have been readily foreseen, and
a provision ought to have been made in the law
by which the appointment should have been con-
ferred under certain rules and regulations showing i
that it was a necessary public appointment. But j
I am now speaking of this matter as a law point, :
coming from the Couit of Claims; and from the ■
state of the facts, the opinion of the court, the ;
letter of-the Fourth Auditor, and the regulations j
of the Navy Department, there is nothing to show i
that the claimant is not entitled, under that act, to j
the remedy he claims. Thatis the extent to which i
I go. |
"Mr. TOOMBS. I entirely concur with the !
views expressed by the Senator from Louisi- :
ana. I do not think this ought to be a question j
with the Senate. In the first place, the claim i
ought not to have been made; and lamverysure
it ought not to be paid. This doctrine of the j
court, that the law overrode a regulation, is true j
doctrine, but the regulation did not override the :
law. The law is, that an officer performing
the service of a higher grade shall have the pay
of that grade. It becomes very important for the
Pay department to say what evidence there shall;
be of that fact, or rather, what gives them the '
right to receive the pay. They have said you '
shall not perform the duties of that grade unless
you have this appointment in writing. That is
what the regulation has said. We do not leave j
it to you; you are not competent to come within !
the law. We do not allow you16acause;you,say
you have kept-accounts, and done r something
which, if there had been a captain on- board;, |ie
might have done—because I took oh that as the
whole case—that, therefore, you shall make your-
self a captain when you were only a lieutenant.
Nobody else seems to haye made him a-captain'.
Then they say you shall liptperform this_<f«£y
—you shall not act in this capacity without,au-
thority . I think it is a wise regulation. It is not
in conflict with the law. The law says, if you
do act in it—if you perform those duties, yoti
shall have the pay. But he must get in a capacity
to perform them according to the regulation of
the Department. It does not conflict with the
law at all. If the Department had gone on under
a regulation, and authorized him to act as cap-
tain, and he had acted as captain, then no regu^
lation of the Department could prevent him from
receiving his pay, because that would violate the
law. But the regulation must put him in a posi-
tion to come, within the lav/. That is the whole
error of the Court of Claims. The regulation-is
not in conflict with the law. This man was inca-
pable of getting in a position to perform the duties
of a higher grade. He was not a captain, and
could not be a captain, and could not have the
rights of a captain on that ship, and could not
perform a captain's duties. Under the regula-
tion it was impossible; and,as the Senator from
Michigan properly states, even Captain Read him-
self does not say so. He says Magruder stood in
the relation of captain to him—that is, he was the
next officer to him. It was competent for the Navy
Department to give him a captain or not. The
difficulty which the Senator from Florida men-
tioned is obviated by having a commander, and
therefore they were not bound to give him either
a captain or a commander. There was no law
for it. But the regulation is, that he has a right
to have a captain if the Navy Department gives
it. It is the ship's complement, to be sure; but
they may sail the ship without a complement.
1 If the Secretary of the Navy chooses to make the
; captain of the fleet captain of the ship, he can do
i so; there is no law against it. He might have
| expressly declared, You shall have no captain;
| you shall perform the duties of captain of the
ship as well as captain of the squadron." When
| he declined to have a captain—when he helmed
j to have a commander, to allow this even
I without complying with the regulation, to make
' a captain, was illegal; and he never was a cap-
tain within the law. That was the error of the
Court of Claims.
If he had ever got within the law, the-Jaw, of
course, was stronger than the regulation; but it
required a compliance with the regulation to put
him within the law. It is a matter of the h'ighest
conscquence. We see the abuses growing out of
it, and the avidity—the shameful avidity shown
by these officers to get hold of extra allowances.
The act of 1842, and subsequent laws, were passed
to keep them from exercising this shameful avid-
ity to evade the laws of the country passed for
wise purposes. When there is a necessity for
this duty, it is well enough; but to allow this
commodore to waive a captain—to waive a com-
mander, in order that he may make a lieutenant
a captain, and give him thousands of dollars,
against the wishes of the Department, and against
law, in my judgment should not be countenanced
here or anywhere else.
The motion to postpone the bill indefinitely
was agreed to. *
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN WASHINGTON.
j The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
; No. 394) to refund money advanced by the States
j of Virginia and Maryland to the use of the United
; States, reported from the Committee on Claims;
! which was read the second time, and considered
j as in Committee of the Whole. It directs the
I Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the State of
| Maryland $72,000, and to the State of Virginia,
' or to' the legal assignees of that State, $1211,000,
in full for money advanced by those States for the
use o'f the United States in erecting the public
buildings in tlie District of Columbia.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I cannot agree to the pas-r
sage of this bill. Some years ago I made an
adverse report upon it. . •
Mr. FESSENDEN. I rise to a point of or.fer.
It is not a private bill. "
