1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GJL0BE.
" Philadelphia., December 7,1796.
" Sir : The attempts lately marie by the commissioners of
the city of Washington to borrow money in Europe for the
purpose of carrying on the public building?, having failed
or been retarded, tlieyhave been authorized by me to apply
to your State for a loan of .$150,009, upon terms which they
will communicate. Such is the present condition of for-
eign nations with respect to money, that, according to the
best information, there is no reasonable hope of obtaining
a loan m any of them immediately, and application can
now* only be made in the United States upon tliis subject
with any prospect of success, and perhaps nowhere with
greater propriety than to the Legislature of Maryland,
where, it must be presumed, the most anxious solicitude is
feit for the growth and prosperity of that city which is in^
tended for the permanent seat ofJJovermnent for America.
"If the State has it in its power to lend the money which
is solicited, C persuade myself it will be done ; and the more
especially at this time, when a loan is so indispensable, that,
without it, not only very great and many impediments mu-t
be Induced in the prosecution of the work now in hand, but
inevitable loss must be sustained by the funds of the city,
in consequence of premature sales of public property. I
have thought I ought not to omit to state, for the informa-
tion of the General Assembly, as well the difficulty of ob-
taining money oil loan, as the present necessity for it; which
I must request the favor of you most respectfully to com-
municate."
The historian from whom I read, continues:
"The application was successful, and the State of Mary-
land, while complying with the personal request of the
President for a loan, passed resolutions in tesiimonv of their
high regard for Washington Iimself. The amount loaned
was $100,000."
Mr. SEWARD. I happened to be liere, Mr.
President, seven years ago, when this question
was before the Senate; and J have a very distinct
recollection of the impression then made on my
mind, by the repoit referred to by the honorable
Senator from Maryland, having been presented
by Mr. Underwood, a Senator from Kentucky,
which produced the conviction that it was my
duty to vote for this bill, and I shall perform that
duty very cheerfully now.
The bill has two aspects—at least that part of
it which relates to the advance or donation made
by the State of Virginia. The State of Virginia
has transferred and assigned whatever claim she
has for reimbursement of this sum to the Orange
and Alexandria Railroad Company. Eeing my-
self in favor of internal improvements which are
of a national character — believing that the con-
struction of a railroad from the north to the south,
over that very line where this money is to be ex-
pended, is to cement and confirm the Union, and
add a new bond and ligament to it, everybody
knows that, with my views on the subject, I
would cheerfully vote for this money as a grant
for that purpose; and however strange it may
seem to some of the advocates of this bill, it is
entirely consistent with my own views of public
policy and my ideas of the Constitution. I there-
fore should cheerfully vote for this bill proposing to
give this destination to the fund, without looking
to see the manner in which the title arose. But
X shall hardly hope to carry a portion of the Sen-
ators—and perhaps the Senators from Virginia—
with me in favor of this bill on that aspect of the
case, and therefore I take it up in another.
Mr. President, the State of Virginia, beyond
all doubt, contributed to the erection of this'C-ap-
itol, and of these public edifices which we now
use for the Government of the United States, the
sum of money here specified. She either ad-
vanced that money as a loan, to be repaid at some
future time, or she gave it to the Government of
the United States. If this money was advanced
as a loan, the advance created a debt which it is
now the duty of the Government to discharge.
If, however, the money was contributed by way
of gift or donation to the Government of the United
States, I do not see that it materially alters the
case. In the one case there would be an obliga-
tion already existing, a debt already to be paid
for money which has been borrowed. In the other
case there is an advance, which is the basis of a
moral obligation which the Government may at
any time recognize and assume, and that creates
the debt; as, for instance, if at the expiration of
this term of Congress, I found myself unable to
reach my home, and a friend should put money
into my hands to enable me to reach there, he
being rich and I being poor, and circumstances
should afterwards change, and he become poor
and I become rich, I want to know whether, in
that case,! should not have the moral obligation
resting on me which I would convert into a debt,
and refund him the money that he had advanced?
This moral obligation strikes me as peculiarly
appealing to the sense of honor of the Govern-
ment of the United States. We are here occu-
pying an edifice which was in part built For us by
the State of Virginia. She is comparatively poor;
we are only too rich. I think it does not com-
port with the pride and dignity of the United
States that Congress and its Executive Depart-
ments should occupy Halls for which they are
indebted in whole or in part to the generosity
of the States. 3^or is this a peculiar view adapted
to this particular case.
Mr. President, if an Indian war breaks out in
one of the Territories or in one of the States, and
the States advance the money for their protection
and defense without any contract, if they make
the donation for their own defense, this Govern-
ment never stops to inquire whether it was done
by way of advance or donation. It assumes and
discharges the claim by reimbursing the money
advanced. So it was in the war of 1812, when
several-of the States were particularly exposed,
and when the credit of the national Government
had sunk, the State of New York, and several
other States, raised large sums of money, and,
without stopping to ask whether they would be
refunded or not, applied thern to the purposes of
the public defense. The Government recognized
the obligation discharged and reimbursed the
moneys as a debt.
I think all the difficulty there is on this subject
arises from our failure to go tiack to the period
when this transaction occurred. It was at the
close of the period when this Government was
under the management of the Continental Con-
gress, and at the beginning of its term of consti-
tutional history. Up to the time when this trans-
action occurred, there was practically no Federal
Treasury—no Federal resources. The Confeder-
ation had no power to raise money, and no power
to levy taxes. The whole financial power of the
Government rested in the States severally, and
all the Confederation could do was to replenish
its Treasury if it could by making requisitions on
the States, which the States would comply with,
or not, at their pleasure. Up to this very period
the Federal Government of the United Slates,
such as it was, had subsisted upon and been
maintained by the treasuries of the States, and
the States were then rich and strong ar.d powerful
in a comparative point of view with reference to
the Federal Government. It was the new Con-
stitution which transferred these sources of tax-
ation and of public wealth from the States to the
Federal Government, and transferred the actual
power of the country, and the government of the
country, from the Governors and Legislatures of
the States, where it had before resided, to the
Federal Government which was established by
the new Constitution.
So at that time, this Government, impoverished,
was without the means of building a Capitol.
The proper way, the natural way, was to rely on
contributions from the States. Looking at the
condition of things at that time, and as the affairs
of Government were then administered, it seems
to me most natural and most probable that the
States of Maryland and Virginia, which were
really wealthier and stronger than the Federal
Government, advanced this money under the ex-
pectation that it would be repaid when the Gov-
ernment should Lave paid the pressing debts
under which it labored, and should be able to
reimburse them. Whether that be so or no:, as
I said before, it comes back to the same proposi-
tion. We are occupying halls, in par;, which
were built for us by the contributions of two of
the old Thirteen. Now, when we are thirty-one
in number, and by the very relinquishment of
power and wealth oil their part to constitute a
general and strong and rich Government, we have
changed positions,! am for discharging this obli-
gation, and securing to ourselves the right to feel
that this Government owes nothing but gratitude
to these States at a time when ihey had power to
give, and this Government had not the power to
command.
Mr. NOURSE. Mr. President, I feel every
disposition in the world to vote for this appro-
priation if I can be made to understand that I
ought to do so. I have risen for the purpose of
exonerating myself from an imputation which
the general current of debate, I fear, will lay at
the door of those who vote against it, that they
are niggardly, or that they are not disposed to do
what is fair and generous". ]
Now, sir, I say at once, if this money was given
or advanced by the two States of Virginia and
Maryland because the United States were poo?
and they were comparatively rich—if it was an
act of liberality, ana so intended on their part,
then I will not be the man to question here ana
now whether that money should be repaid or not*
I care not whether it is a loan, an advance, a gift,
or what not; if they have been liberal to the
^ United States, let us be not only just, but liberal
ij to them in return.
!j But, sir, I am not able to take that view of the
ij subject. I lopk at the act which provides for the
« advance of this money, and what do I find there?
; That it is conditional—if the General Govern-
| roent will locate the seat of Government where
j we want it to be, then we will make this advance.
■ What is the inference but that it was intended to
1 benefit themselves by that very operation"? They 4
felt that they were receiving a consideration which
, was ample compensation for the advance which
they were then making. The condition was com-
plied with, and now are they not paid ?
But it is said that the Treasury of the United
States was empty. The United States were poor
\ at that time. Has it not oceurred to gentle'men
| that there are two constructions to be given to
: that advance of money ? and may it not be said
, that they took advantage of the poverty of the
, United States, and offered them an inducement
which was effectual, simply because they were
poor? Such an inducement as that held out to
the United States now, with its full Treasury >
would amount to nothing; but the United States
were poor at that time, and in a condition there-
fore to receive this proposition: " we give you so
' much money in this contest and strife fcr the lo-
cation of the seat of Government; we feel so much
interest in having the seat of Government located
on the Potomac river, that if you will locate it
there we will advance, give, or grant §120,000
for the purpose of securing that object. Xow, I
say, only show me that this has one tithe of the
character of liberality about it, and I will vote for
the appropriation.''
Mr. WiLSOX. I do not know, Mr. Presi-
, dent, that I have any objection to voting for this
bill. That these States made a donation of thia
money, is admitted. I do not know that I wish
to keepin the Treasury of theUnifed States money
that the States of Maryland and Virginia can even
claim to belong to them. But, sh^in voting- for
this bill,! wish to say—what I believe :obe true,
what I know to be true, and what every man
familiar with the history of the country knows
to be true—that this money was advanced by Vir-
ginia and Maryland to induce the Federal Gov-
ernment to establish the Federal capita! on She
banks of the Potomac. There was a contest—a
great contest—whether the national capital should
be established on the banks of the Delaware or
on the banks of the Potomac. These donations
were made as inducements to the Federal Gov-
ernment to establish the national capital here-,
and they had an influence on the national Gov-
ernment* in securing the establishment of the na-
tional capital here. A bargain — a bargain dis-
giaceful to the men connected with it, between
the advoeate^,of the funding system and the advo-
cates of the establishment of the national capital
on the banks of the Potomac, on slave soil—was
made—made to save the Union, it was said. I
regard it, I have always regarded it, as the great
misfortune of this country that the national
ital was established here on slave soil, wilt re the
public men of the country have been surrounded
by the malign influences of slavery. l-\vrn that
hour to the present, laws have existed in this
District and in tins capital, and semes have Uea
enacted in this District and in tins capital, dis-
graceful to a Christian and a ivpubi tiii country.
And laws exist here to-day, sir. for which are
responsible, by which some of my constituent*,
if they happen to have a skin darker than my
own, are compelled, if they cornc here, to pay
fifty dollars annually to live* in the national cap-
ital of this Democratic Republic! sir, men
in whose veins runs revolutionary blood cannot
live in this national capital without paying fifty
dollars annually, and then be subjected to laws
that disgrace the nation before (he civiliz- d world.
Maryland comes here, sir, openly, and makes
a claim on us to pay this money she held out to
us ss an inducement to come here. Virginia
