694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What was the
amount of the judgment returned by this court?
Mr. WINS'LOW. Twenty-three thousand
five hundred dollars.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It may be all right,
butfrom the character of the office of the Register
of the Treasury, it is a mystery to me how that
officer got the funds of this Government into kis
hands. I do not understand that he is a custodian
of the Treasury, or of the moneys of the Gov-
ernment. X understand that he is a ministerial
officer who registers the warrants bringing money
"'into or taking it out of the Treasury.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I would like to in-
quire of the gentlemaWwlio has charge of this bill
why the accouate of Mr. Nourse were not settled
by the proper amounting officers of the Treasury ?
Mr. WINSLOW. The Government attached
his property; he sued out an injunction against
theGovernmeut; the parties came into court, and
the judgment of the court was in favor of Mr.
Nourse, and against the Government.
Mr. PULLER, of Maine. On the appeal to
the Supreme Court, was the account gone into
upon tho finding of the jury, or did it go up upon
some principle of law?
Mr. WINSLOW. I have never read the case
in the Supreme Court except in an abstract. I
suppose the case was gone into in the Supreme
Court; bat the court said that the judgment below
was a final judgment.
" Mr. FULLER, of Maine. So, then, it turns
out as I supposed, that this appeal getting the
sanction of the Supreme Court amounts to noth-
ing at all. I think it xs a very dangerous rule to !
say that when an action is brought by the United !
States against any officer, and the jury strike a j
balance one way or the other upon the accounts, ;
that that shall be conclusive on the Government. :
It may be that the accounting officer of the Gov- ;
ernment may not submit all the accounts. After !
it has lain fifteen or twenty years, they come and |
get the judgment paid. That makes the claim
so much strongertfifteen or twenty years after- i
wards to get the interest. If you settle the pnn- j
ciple in this case, that upon every judgment ren- i
dered against the United States upon the suit of I
the various officers of the Government, you will I
pay interest, you will have interest to pay here j
for a long time to come. The pigeon-holes will
be ransacked for old judgments*and nobody
takes special care of Uncle Sam in these matters.
In my judgment it would be setting a very dan-
gerous precedent. I recollect a judgment—and it
js known to most of us here—rendered against
one of your quartermasters who, during the war
with Mexico, found it necessary, in ordea^to
protect the interests of the Government, to Mze I
some goods which weie going in advance of him i
to Chihuahua. A judgment of §100,000 was en- |
tered up against him, and his property attached j
upon it. An appeal was made to the magnanimity J
of Congress to step in and pay it. j
Adopt the principle, that wherever tho United 1
States finds it for its interest to collect what it 1
believes is a debt, and the judgment is against the j
Government, and that judgment is conclusive, j
Congress must pay interest, and there will be no j
end to it. ]
Mr. I-I. MARSHALL. I would like to know !
in what this case, now under consideration, !
differs from the Ileeside case in which you paid !
the interest? j
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I am not aware
that I ever assented to pay interest in that case
or any other.
Mr. H, MARSHALL. Both Houses of Con-'
gress passed a bill foraying the interest. The ;
Senate reconsidered tSfe question, and upon a;
solemn adjudication determined to pay the inter-;
est. In that case Reeside had been sued by the '
United States, and a balance had been struck. !
The United States was held not bound by the '
judgment upon a plea of set-off, and yet the '
"Court of Claims granted mter&stupon the account f
stated, and Congress has paid the principal and '
interest. How can you, upon the judgment in !
favor of Nourse, refuse to pay interest?
Mr. PULLER, of Maine. The Reeside case
is the^ first case which has come to my knowledge
in which this Government lias j^&id interest. I
recollect the Florida ease, which was argued and
reargued with distinguished ability by a gentle-
man from Tennessee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Did not a
bill pass the last Congress giving interest to one
of your constituents ?
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Not to my knowl-
edge. *
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It did to my
knowledge.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. What case ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It was the
case of Cooper.
Mr. FULLER, ofMaine. The very case cited
by the gentleman from Kentucky serves but to
strengthen this. Pass this case, and the principle
of paying interest will be considered as settled.
Mr. YVAKEMAN. I can point to twenty such
cases on the record.
Mr. McMULLIN. I will inform the gentle-
man from Kentucky as to the difference between
this case and the Reeside case. This case, as lias
been shown, was not taken to the Supreme Court
upon its merits, while the Reeside case was de-
cided by the district court, and taken to the Su-
preme Court, which affirmed the judgment of the
court below. Again, the grounds upon which the
claims are based are of a very different character.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama. Gentlemen say
this judgment was not affirmed by the Supreme
Court. What was the reason ? At that time the
Supreme Coui t had no jurisdiction over questions
of that sort. This case was carried to that court
and it did all it could do. It said that the de-
cision below was final. If that decision was fim-fl,
there was the court which was to settle and de-
termine the question, and that tribunal said that
Mr. Nourse was the creditor of the Government.
More than that. That was not the tribunal which
Nourse sought. It was the tribunal which the Gov-
ernment itself sought. They brought him before
that tribunal to decide this question, and the tri-
bunal decided in his favor. And now gentlemen
turn round and make light of the very tribunal
which tho Government selected. Do not let the
Government of the United States, in a matter of
this sort, take advantage of its own wcjag. I
move that the bill be laid aside to be rcp^pld to
the House, with a recommendation that it do:
pass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What I wanted
to get at was the manner in which this liability
occurred. Did Mr, Nourse have moneys of the
Government, or did he advance money for the
benefit of the Government: How did the Gov-
ernment become indebted to hmi in the amount
of this judgment of $23,000. I should think, from
what I have heard about this case, thatif we could
get at the facts as to the manner i  which this
liability was incurred, we should find that Nourse
was not only Register of the Treasury, but per-
haps he was a disbursing officer in some capacity
or other, and that in that capacity he disbursed
large amounts of money, and that he claimed
commissions upon those disbursements, and the
accounting officers of the Treasury holding that
he was not entitled to such commissions, ho re-
fused to conic to a settlement and account of the
moneys which were in his hands, and then in-
vited a suit that, a balance might be found in ins
favor. And I suppose, sir, that those commis-
sions being allowed by the court, they did find a,
balance in his favor, and this is the foundation
of tne claim.
Now, if that is the correct history of it, I would
submit this question here: whether, when he has
got the amountof these commissions—and which
would be enormous compensation for the services
rendered—it is fair or equitable that we should add
interest to these commissions? No, sir. That
court perhaps legislated instead of judged. They
adjudged that these commissions were due to him
from the United States. I think, myself, that it
is a dangerous precedent for us to set here. The
ink is hardly yet dry on the bill which passed the
other day, for the relief of Mary Ileeside; and yet
it is all lound this Hall appealed to and urged as
a precedent and reason why we should pass this
bill.
Mr. H. MARSHALL called for tellers on the
motion to lay the bill askle.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Prijtgle
and Goodd were appointed.
The House divided; and tb^jtellers reported—
ayes 86, noes 42. -kjfe
So the bill was laid aside ttroe reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
REPRESENTATIVES 03? SAMUEL JONES.
A bill (H. R. No. 342) to allow the legal rep-
resentatives of Samuel Jones, of the eleventh
Virginia regiment on continental establishment,
five years' full pay as captain of infantry, in lieu
of half-pay for life.
The bill directs the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to allow the legal representatives
of Samuel Jones, deceased, a captain of infantry
in the Virginia line on Continental establishment,
(without interest,) compensation equal to five
years'full pay as captain, which compensation
shall be in lieu of half pay for life due to Samuel
Jones, deceased, to be paid out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The report was read, and it is as follows:
The committee find that there wore two pyreons of the
same name and of the same grade in the Vngiina line, on
Continental establishment, one in the eleventh and one in
the fifteenth Virginia regiments, one of whom was dis-
missed from the service on the 6th of June, }778, ft om the
fifteenth regiment, to which it seems the petitioner sup-
posed ins father belonged, in which he was eJearlv in error.
Chief Justice Marshall *ays : [ vv<i& very u ell acquainted
with Captain Samuel Jones, an officer m the Yngima line
on Continental establishment, during the war of our Revo-
lution." Af'cer explaining the service in some re?pects, he
j fin tber say* : " But all who did not march to the Scruth,
and who did not resign, were, of course, supernumeraries.
I never understood that Captain Jones resigned. I boarded
with lum afteiwaids in Richmond, in 1782, and do*not rec-
ollect ever to have heard that ho had resigned." Governor
Giles, 3Tes rs. Worsham, Hutchinson, and Robinson, tes-
tify in support of the like rc;-ult. But the petitioner files
his account current with the United State?, dated 8th Jan-
uary, 1783.111 winch he charges for peivice^ from 1777 to
February, 1781, with vanous credits therein, and aKo prov-
ing by one of them that Captain Jones joined the southern
army under Green, and leaving as the only legitimate infer-
ence that Captain Jones eithei served to the end of the war
or was supernumerary, in either case being entitled in a
favoiable report. This account was duly liquidated by the
State of Virzinia, and is pioperly authenticated. The com-
mittee therefore report a bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not see any
reason why wo should pass laws h?rc now in
individual cases to pay five years' full pay in
commutation of half pay for life. S4feh laws were
in force a long time. I have seen nothing by the
report showing that this man, if he was a captain
in the line, did not get his half pay. There is
nothing- that I can discover to show that inquiry
has been made at the Treasury Department, as
to whether that five years' commutation pay has
been received; nothing to show thr t the person
for whose benefit this bill is to be passed is the
child or grandchild of either of those persons who
served in that war; and, unless these facts are
shown and established, it seems to me that it
I would be wrong to pass a law to give this sum to
| wc know not whom. The law was, that these
I parties could go up to the Treasury, and there
i establish their right, and draw this five years5
[ full pay and commutation. If this sum had not
j been paid to their ancestors, they could have gone
i there and received it. I think it is now rather
late for us to legislate on individual cases.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will simply re-
mark that this bill is m favor of the legal rep-
resentatives of Cagtam Jones. Chief Justice
Marshall and Governor Giles both testify to tho
facts in this case. If the legal representatives had
opplicd to the proper Department they would of
course have received what is now claimed. The
claim is a just, one The Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, which is distinguished for its
attention to its appropriate business, hns reported
on this case favorably. It does seem to me, with
due deference to the judgment of the gentleman
from Tennessee, that the bill ought to poss. I
therefore move that it be laid aside to be reported
to the House, with a recommendation that it do
pass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The bill is wrong
i in providing that this money shall go to the Ic^al
representirives. There were instances during
that war where even brothers were upon different
sides. If the one upon the right side who was
; entitled to this commutation died without heirs,
j and the other left children, those children would
j be the iegal representatives of the person who
! rendered the service. If this bill passes, it should
j be secured to the descendants of this officer. I
i move to strike out the words "legal represent-
atives,''and in lieu thereof insert " descendants"
of the officer. ,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have no objection
to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
