1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
and town, Conrad Ten Eyck, who, being (July sworn, doth
depose and say, that he was appointed quartermaster by
Colonel Croghan to the Mackinaw expedition, in the year
1814} and that he knows that the vessel called the Vermil-
lion, Captain Austin, was attached to said expedition.
* Territory of Michigan, Town of Buckhn, this 14th Feb-
ruary, 1829. CONRAD TEN EYCK.
Sworn and subscribed before me this 14th day of Feb-
• ruary, 1829. JOEL THOMAS, Justice of the Peace.
I was in *the expedition, under Colonel Croghan, that
went to Mackinaw in the yea* 1814, and commanded a
vessel called the schooner Champion, loaded with con-
tractor's stores. When the fleet lay at Mackinaw, and St.
Joseph's Island, and at other places during the expedition,
I recollect a vessel called the Vermillion was in company,
and whether she sailed with the fleet from Fort Gratiot or
hot I do not rccollect, but my impressions are that she did.
It was understood at that time, and 1 have no doubt of the
fact now, that the Vermillion was chartered by D. G. Jones
and Rufus S. Reed to carry sutler's stores. Mr. Jones was
„ in company, and I know sutler's stores were on board of
her. It was understood that the Vermillion belonged to
William Austin, of Vermillion, Huron county, and he went
with the vessel to Detroit, but whether he went further I
do not recollect. I have seen his son, William Austin,
Jun., on board of the Vermillion, as master, and I think it
must have been on this expedition; if not, William Ausun
the elder-was the master on board. I was on board of her
several times during the expedition, and purchased some
stores of which I was in want. I have no recollection of
seeing on boaid of the Vermillion any troops or camp
equipage, or munitions of war, that the vessel was trans-
porting, but possibly she might have had troops or public
property on board for some part of the^ie, as there was a
deficiency of vessels, and I took some public property on
board of the Champion at Detroit, and some troops on board
at Fort Gratiot. The provisions were issued from the
Champion, and I had a thorough knowledge of the vessels
composing the fleet, and the use to which each vessel was
put. WILLIAM P. SCOTT.
Painesville, April 12, 1829.
I am acquainted with the above-named William P. Scott,
and have been for several years, and consider him to be a
man of truth and veracity, and believe the fullest credit
may be placed in his statement.
E. WHITTLESEY.
Peter Hagner, Esq., Third Auditor.
District and Post of Mackinaw, sj;
I, Ambrose R. Davenport, do hereby certify, on oath,
that I accompanied the expedition against the post of
Mackinaw, in 1814; that I was contractor's agent, in the
service of the United States, and was on board a vessel
called the Champion; that I was well acquainted with a
vessel caHjfethe Vermillion, which accompanied the expe-
dition, gof^f frequently on board of her; that Mr. Jones,
who was on board, informed me that the said vessel was in
tbe sole employ of himself and partner, carrying goods as
sutler's stores. I have no knowledge of the said vessel's
having been employed in the service of the United States
for the transportation of troops or other purposes.
A. R. DAVENPORT.
Sworn and subscribed before me this 10th of June, 1829.
ANDREW D. STEUART, Collector,
Treasury Department,
Third Auditor's Office, December 28,1854.
Sir : The Commissioner of Pensions has referred your
letter of the 21st instant to this office, inclosing one from
Job C. Smith, relative to a claim of William Austin for a
schooner called the Vermillion, pressed into the service of
the United States in the Detroit river, in 1814, asking for a
report thereon.
In reply, I have the honor to inform you that two reports
were made by my predecessors on the above claim—on e to
your correspondent on the 26th of June, 1829, and the other
lo the Hon. Chailes Sweetser, of the House of Represent-
atives, on the 18th of January, 1853, copies of which are
herewith transmitted.
The letter of Mr. Smith is returned, as requested.
With great respect, your most obedient servant,
ROBERT J. ATKINSON, Auditor.
Hon. W. XI. Sapp, House of Representatives.
Mr. LETCHER. Now, I think that instead
of this affidavit showing that this individual has
a claim on the Government, it proves directly the
reverse.
Mr. SAPP. You did not read all the affidavit.
Mr. LETCHER. We have read all the affi-
davits that I find, induing the affidavit of the
individual in his lifetime, whose representative
is now asking for compensation. Now what do
all these affidavits prove ? They prove clearly
and incontestably—if they establish any one fact
—that the vessel was in the charge of a sutler
for the transportation of sutler's goods at the
very time when this contract is said to have been
made. Now, is the Government of the United
States bound to pay this claimant under such cir-
cumstances? Has the Government anything; to do
with it? And when the evidence proves this fact
in all these affidavits, are we to be called upon
here to make a payment to this representative,
when the sutler himself employed the vessel and
used it?
But, sir, there is another most remarkable fact
connected w.itii^is matter. The allegation is,
itl^is
that this party did not know where Cplonel Cro-
ghan was, although, as I am informed, he was
the Inspector General of the Army of the United
States from 1814 up to the time of his death. Now,
here are letters—letter after letter—addressed to
Mr. Whittlesey, while a member of the Bouse,
in connection with this claim; and yet, sir, this
House is now called upon to determine that, with
this correspondence between the Representative
in Congress from that district and the claimant,
going on through a series of years, this man
never knew, never could ascertain the where-
abouts of a Government officer holding so prom-
inent a position as that of Inspector General of
the Army.
Now, sir, let us go a little further. Here is a
letter under the date of March 31,1829, addressed
to E. Whittlesey, and postmarked at Warren,
March 31:
Warren, March 31,1829.
Dear Sir: I received yours ofthe25th instant,request-
ing information concerning the schooner Vermillion. It is
my impression that she accompanied the squadron des-
tined to act against Mackinaw in August, 1814; but whether
she was m the service of Government or not, I do not qgr-
tainly know; but it was my impression at the time fhat she
was out on a kind of trafficking trip, carrying victuals, &c.,
to sell to those of us who had cash to purchase This idea
I got from a gentleman on board of her, with whom Fhad
an acquaintance before, who had an interest in her, as I
understood; but it has been my unitorm mind on the sub-
ject that she was not in the employ of the Army or Navy.
Yours respectfully, JOHN B. HARMON.
Now, sir, here are some papers from the Treas-
ury Department:
Treasury Department,
Third Auditor's Office, June 26, 1329.
Sirs The testimony obtained on the applications referred
to in my letter to you of the 20th ultimo, and the last of
which arrived this morning, is such as to satisfy me of the
inadmissibility of therlaim of $1,000, in the name of Wil-
liam Austin, owned by you, being for freight of troops and
baggage on the expedition to Mackinaw, in 1814, m the
vessel called the Vermillion, alleged to have been used as
a transport. Independent of the claim being unsustained
by any adequate evidence of a duly authorized engagement
of the vessel in the United States service for any purpose,
and of the other defects heretofore explained to you. the
testimony received this morning represents the vessel to
have been on that expedition in the sole employ of Mr.
Jone3 and his partner, carrying sutler's stores.
Your obedient servant,
PETER HAGNER, Auditor.
Mr. Job C. Smith, Mount Clemens, Michigan Territory.
g^This letter is directed to Mr. Job C. Smith, the
*me man who has petitioned here, and whose"
petition was presented by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Sapp.] gg
Now, here is another letter from the Treasury
Department, Third Auditor's Office, dated Jan-
uary 18, 1853:
Treasury Department,
Third Auditor's Office, January lo, 1853.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt yes-
terday of your letter of the 16th instant, written upon one
addressed to you by Mr. Job C. Smith, and accompanied
by an affidavit of William Austin, appearing to have been
sworn to on the 2d of June last.
Your letter expresses the supposition that the claim
therein referred has been suspended, and the desire to have
it reexamined with the aid of the new affidavit, and reported
upon to you as soon as convenient. The claim is found to
have been disallowed by my predecessor m June, 1829,
and 1 transmit a copy of the letter then written to your cor-
respondent on the subject. In March following an appli-
cation, at his instance, appears to have been made by the
Hon. j. Riddle, to whom a copy of that letter is shown to
have been furnished, with an offer, if he desired further
explanation, to let him peruse the correspondence m rela-
tion to the case, which is of considerable length. More
than twenty-two years have since elapsed, duung which
the matter seems to have been permitted to rest.
The new affidavit is not adapted to free the claim from
the difficulties which caused its disallowance.
The correspondence and papers can be seen by you, if
desired, on calling at the office.
With great respect, your most obedient servant,
J. S. GALLAHER, Auditor.
Hon. Charles Sweetser, House of Representatives.
After lying twenty-two years this letter came
from the Auditor's Office January 18,1853, stating
that this claim had been decided twenty-two years
before; and that the evidence on which it was
sought to renew the claim, to give it new life and
vigor, was not such as would warrant the office
in deciding favorably upon it.
Now let us see what is the affidavit of 2d June,
1852, the one referred to by Mr. Gallaher, and
on which the Treasury Department was asked to
open the case. Examine it again and see if the
decision could be reversed. The affidavit of
William AustiiyMjis:
"The said vesjojMfcfeved oft board, at Eue, Pennsyl-
vania, sutler's goodspfpReed and Jones, destined for Mack-
inaw, and on her way thither was pressed into the service
of the I
■ , „ o- fcyordeir, as ^suppose, iyf€rqg>an,
commander of*the troops sent for the reduction of Mack?
inaw, and a number of troops and their baggage put'on
board, together with scaling ladders, &c.; ana said depo-
nent furthenjiays, that the said vessel, at the time, was jio|
chartered by said Reed and Jones, or any other pers.on, ac-
cording to the best of his knowledge and belief, as hisjposi-
tion on board said vessel required a knowledge or aoiy
transaction of such a nature."
"This very man, William Austin 3 came "her#
setting up this claim, and then, on this affidavit^
in June, 1852, the Auditor of the Treasury De?
partment, who was asked to reopen the case, and
see whether he will not reconsider his judgment,
says there is no case. *
Mr. STANTON. I sitnply desire to say that
I have never seen these papers, have not exam-
ined them, kn'ow nothing of the details of tfa#
case, and have treated this case as I have treated
all other cases coming before the House for con-
sideration. 1 have taken the report of the stand-
ing committee of the House for the facts of thft
case. Upon the facts, -so reported, I certainly
regarded this claim in favor of one of my con-
stituents as a good one, and desired to see it pass,
I do not know what are the contents of the affi?
davits which have been read by the gentleman
from Virginia. I cannot understand and collate
the facts on a single reading in this House, ami4
the confusion which ordinarily attends the tranpr
action of business here. I do not know that tlie
gentleman has read all of the evidence.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not know that I hav^e.
I have read such as my friend from Arkansas
[Mr. Greenwood] and others picked out for m$,
Mr. STANTON. I do not know what may be
believed of what has been read. What I have
done here is what I have done in all other cases
where there is a unanimous report of a commit-
tee setting forth all the facts. 1 have taken for
granted that the facts are set forth, and that they
are sufficient.
Mr. (QUITMAN. I have never given an opin-
ion in this case. It was actcd on when I was
absent. I say this much in answer to what the
gentleman has said in reference to the report bet-
ing a unanimous one.
Mr. FAULKNER. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, I will say that I was
not present when this case was under consider-
ation in that committee, and that I have given na
opinion upoq it.
Mr. STANTON. What I wished to say was,,
that when it was disposed of by the committer
there was not a dissenting voice. No gentleman
claims to have examined this case, and to have-
dissented from the report of my colleague.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Like my friend from
Ohio, I have taken the reports of committees as
setting forth the facts on which I was to decide.
The gentleman from Virginia has mentioned
my name in connection with the evidence in thi#
case; and so far as these papers are concerned, I
have only to say that they were placed upon my
desk, and I selected from them all the affidavits
J could find, and handed them to the gentleman
from Virginia. I do not know whether 1 have
taken them all out.
Mr. STANTON. I certainly did not suppose
the papers which have been read had been selected
with a view to prejudice this claim. The papers
may be all there, or they may not be all there.
I have only to say, Mr. Chairman, that if this
practice is to be resorted to, then we will have to
do some of our first work over again. Now that
it is maintained that we must go behind the report
and into an investigation of all the papers in the
case, I ask that this bill be informally passed over
for the present until I have time to examine it;
and I move to reconsider the vote by which a bill
(H. R. No. 342) to allow the legal representatives
of Samuel Jones, of the eleventh Virginia regi-
ment on Continental establishment, five years'
full pay as a captain of infantry, in lieu of half
pay for life, was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
The CHAIRMAN. A motion to reconsider
c#mot be entertained in the Committee of the
Whole House. _
Mr. FAULKNER. Mr. Chairman, if the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] will consent, I
suggest that this bill be laid aside to be reported
to the House, with the recommendation that it
be recommitted to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
