698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
Mr. STANTON. I consent to that course
beinsr taken* t
Mr. FAULKNER. Neither the gentleman
from Mississippi, 1 Mr. Quitman,] nor the gen-
" tJemaii from Massachusetts, [Mr. Buffinton.J
now near me, have any recollection of this biii.
I am confident it was never brought to my notice
in any form until to-day. I deem it, therefore,
but justice to that committee^ that this bill, and
the paners which accompany it, shall be recom-
mitted'to that committee, in order that we may
have an opportunity to investigate the claim. It
is impossible that such a bill could ever have re-
ceived their approval if examined or understood
by them. It is possible it may have been taken
upon the faith of representations made to them,
on which their confidence has been abused. I
hope it may be recommitted to that committee
for reexamination.
. Mr. SAPP. I do not remember what mem-
bers were present when the report was agreed to.
I know there was a quorum present. I do not and
catmot recollect what cases I have decided. _ "We
have a record of the proceedings of the committee,
and that will show who were present when this
report was adapted.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to do justice to all
these parties. While I knewnothing of this case,
and had to gather up my facts as I went along,
yet, as the gentleman from Ohio thinks there are
facts winch will sustain this case, 1 do not desire
to take any vote on it at this time. I hope the
claim will be passed by, so that he can have an
opportunity to present these facts.
Mr. STANTON. AII that I ask is that it may
be passed over, and that I shall have an opportu-
nity to exnrnnie it between now and next Friday.
Mr. LETCHER. Nobody objects to that.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. 1 suggest that the
proper cours" to be pursued is to lay tliebill aside,
to be reported to the House with the recommend-1
ation that it be recommitted to the Committee on j
Military Affairs. When it is before that com-
mittee, the gentleman can examine it, and if that |
committee bring it back into the House, the bill
can be passed immediately, without any reference
to the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 move the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. BURNETT. I appeal to my friend from
Tennessee to withdraw tlie motion that the com-
mittee rise, until we can take up and lay aside to
lie reported to the House, with the recommenda-
tion that n do pass, a bill for the relief of Rich-
ard P. Alexander, a mnjor in the Mexican war,
which was objected to on last objection day by
mistake.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I withdraw it for
that purpose.
Mr. BURNETT. The bill provides for pay-
ment for property lost m Mexico. It is reported
unanimously by tlie Committee on Military Af-
fairs. The report shows that Major Alexander
let't certain property at Brazos Santiago by order
of General Worth.
Mr. PENNINGTON. This proceeding is all
out of order, and i object t%it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Todd reported that the
Committee of the Whole House had, according
to order, had the Private Calendar under consid-
eration, and had directed him to report back
sundry bills, some with and some without amend-
ment, and some with the recommendation that
they do pass, and some with the recommendation
that they do not pass.
The first bill leported was a bill CH. R. C. C.
No. 8) fot the relief of Michael Nourse.
Mr. TODD demanded the previous question.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE. !
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbchy Dicki.vs, their Secretary, informing the j
House that the Senate had agreed to the report i
of the committee of conference on the disagreeing !
votes of the two Houses upon the bi!) maltingap- ■
propi'iations for the support of the Military Acad-
emy, for the year ending 30th June, 1858.
MILITARY ACADEJIY BILL.
Air. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, from the commit-
tee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses, on the bill making appropriations
for the support of the Military Acadcmy, for the
year ending 30th June, 1858} reported tiiat aftei
full and free conference the committee had agreed
to recommend to their respective Houses that the
Senate concur with the House of Representatives
in their amendment to its first amendment, and
that the House of Representatives concur in the
second amendment of the Senate.
Mr. C. said: The effect of the report, if adopted,
will be, that the Senate abandon th^jr proposition
to have a'n assistant professor of French, and the
House agree to yield the increase of compensa-
tion to the professor of sword exercise from $1,250
to $1,500.
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays upon agreeing to the report.
The House divided on the demand for the yeas
and nays; and there were—12 in the affirmative,
and 76 in the negative.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered, one
fifth of those prcsentnotvoting in the affirmative.
And then, on motion of Mr. RUFFIN, the
House (at four o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 14, 1857.
Prayer by the Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain
of the House of Representatives.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BTGLER presented the petition of Joseph
C. G. Kennedy, praying for compensation for
injury done to his property while rented by the
Government as an office for the Superintendent
of the Census; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of G. P.
Welsh and others attached to the expedition for
the exploration and survey of the La Plata and
its tributaries, under Lieutenant Page, praying
to be allowed additional pay while so employed;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. FOSTER presented a petition of residents
in the vicinity of NiaiHic Bay, Connecticut,pray-
ing for an appropriation for the erection of a light-
house on Black Point, at the entrance to that bay;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, it was
Ordered, That John O'Leary have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
POST ROUTES IN MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. BROWN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Revolved, That the Committee on th^ Po*t Office and
Po^t Road* be instructed to niqune into tlie expediency
of establishing po-t loute-, from Old Hickoiy, Sunp^on
county, iUiv^s-ippi, via Ployd^town, Onto SprniQS,to Hian-
don, m Uaukin founi v, Mississippi; from Old Hiekory* via.
Seotcluown to Williamsburg, Oovincton county, Missis-
sippi ; from Oid Hickory, via Paddytown, to Mount Carinel,
I in Covington county, Mississippi.
| DEAD LETTERS,
i Mr. FOSTER submitted the following resolu-
I tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
I sent, and agreed to:
! Resolved. That the PostmasterGener.il he requested to
! furm-h the Senate wuh a quarterly statement of the mini-
j ber of leiteis winch have become "dead letters" during
the years ending fune 1855, and June oO, 1856 ; also, with
the number of "letter* which have been sent to the dead
letter office since April J, 1855. in consequence of the post-
age aot having been paid iheieon.
#• COMMITTEE REPORT.
Sir. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
j to whom was referred the petition of John R.
j Nouise, submitted a report, accompanied by a
I bill (S. No. 594) for his relief; which was read,
! and passed to a second reading; and the report
| was ordered to be printed.
| NOTICE 01? A BILL.
! Mr. WILSON gave notice of his intention to
j ask leave to introduce a bill to refund the ascer-
i tained balance due to the State of Massachusetts,
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GREEN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 593)
to divide the State of Missouri into two judicial
districts; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous coi®.
sent obtained, leave to bring; in a bill (S. No. 595)
for the relief of Daniel Whitney; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims. •
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr, Ccllom, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the follow-
ing bills; in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested; ' ftfi
A bill (No. 647) for the relief of BrerSt'Cap-
tain Frederick Steele, United States Army;
A bill (No. 684) to extend the provisions of
the act entitled " An act in addition to certain
acts granting bounty land to certain officers and
soldiers who have been engaged in the military
service of the United States," to the officers and
soldiers of Major Daniel Bailey's battalion of
Cook county (Illinois) volunteers;
A bill (No. 833) for the relief of Daniel Wa-
caser; and
A bill (No. 840) for the relief of Sampson
Hays, a soldier in the Mexican war.
DEMPSEY PITTMAN.
Mr. YULEE. A bill was passed at the last
session for the relief of Dempsey Pittman. There
being some difficulty in its construction, an ex-
planatory act has become necessary, which has
been reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs. It is only an explanation of an act of
the last session. I ask the favor of the Senate to
put it on its passage, in order that it may go to
the House of Representatives in time for action
at the present session, if there be a word of
objection from any quarter, I shall not persist.
As this is private bill day in the other House, I
am desirous that it should reach there at once.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 574)
explanatory of an act entitled " An act for ihe
relief of Dempsey Pittman," approved August
16,1856, was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to construe the act of August 16,
1856, so as to direct the Secretary of War to pay
to Dempsey Pittman the compensation and allow-
ances of a colonel of infantry for the period of
five months, in full compensation for his services
in Florida in 1838.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOHN F. WRAY.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Jefferson Wilson, administrator with
the will annexed of John 1^ Wray, deceased,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 592) for his relief. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordeicd to be printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think this bill ought to
be put on its passage now. It is an application
for the refunding of money for an entry of land.
The entry has been canceled, and the:Treasury
holds this man's money. If there be no objection,
I should like to have the bill passed now.
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. Its object is to
authorize the payment of ^60:3 19, paid by John
F. Wray, deceased, for three fourths of section
ten, in township nine, of r.rinyc five east of the
meridian line of the Chickasaw lands, in the State
of Mississippi, the title to which tract of land has
been adjudged by the competent tribunals not to
have been in the United States at the time of sale.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
WAGON ROADS TO CALIFORNIA.
^ Mr. WELLER. I ask the Senate to take up
the bill (II. R. No. 710) for the construction of
a wagon road from Fort Kearny, via the South
Pass of the Rocky Mountains and Great Salt
Lake Valley, to the eastern portion of the State of
