♦
700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
lavish and extravagant appropriation of the public
land's for the benefit of one section to the injury
of the public. I shall call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. FOOT. It seems to me quite too late in
the day, sir, to raise the objections which have
been started by the honorable Senator from North
Carolina to bills of this character. The policy
has already been established. It will be recol-
lected by the Senate that, at the last session of
Congress we made much larger appropriations
of the public lands for the purpose of aiding in
constructing railroads, to every new State in the
Union—eleven, I believe,in all. Now, sir,I think
this is the last application of the kind, either from
a State or Territory lying in the valley of the
Mississippi—Minnesota being the only Territory
or State in that valley to which these grants have
not already been made. This grant carries with
it but about half the amount of public lands which
have been granted to the States of Iowa, Mis-
souri, and other land States. When this subject
■was before the Senate at the last session, it will
be recollected, a very full and elaborate discussion
took place as to the principle and policy of making
these appropriations. 1 opposed, and strenu-
ously opposed, not the policy of that particular
bill, but the extent to which that policy was
carried in that particular case—carrying, [ think,
something like three millions of acres of public
lands for four different parallel roads through the
State of Iowa. My objections, however, were
overruled by a decided majority of the Senate,
and that bill was passed. Then followed appro-
priations of like character for all the other new
States in the Union. Now, it seems to me quite
ungracious, and quite too late in the day, to raise
objection to this bill, resting as it does upon the
same principle, and which asks for only about
half the amount of land granted to each of the
new States in the Union. I have nothing more
to say upon this bill.
Mr. STUART. In the thirteenth line of the
first section, after the word " branch," I wish to
insert "via Faribault."
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended,and the amend-
ment was concurred in. The bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, and was read
the third time. '
Mr. BIGGS called for the yeas and nays on its
passage, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 10; as follows:
VEAS — Messrs. Allen, fieii of Tennessee, Benjamin,
Brown, Cass, Crittenden, Vodge, Dougla*, Darkee, Fish
Fitelt, Poet, Foster, Goyer, Green, [vcrs.on, James, John-
soil, Jones of Tennessee, Maliorv, Nourse, Pearce, Rusk,
Sebastian, Seward, Stuart, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade,'
Wellsr, Wilson, and Yulee—32,
NAYS—Me&sis. Bi^s, Bigler, Brodhead, Clay, Evana,
Hunter, Mason, Pugh, Reid, and Slidcll—10,
So the bill was passed.
HOOiSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read severally twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 647) for the  lief of Brevet Captain ]
Frederick Steele, United States Army—to the
Committee oil Military Affairs.
A bill (No. 684) to extend the provisions of
the act entitled il An act in addition to certain
acts granting bounty land to certain officers and
soldiers who have been engaged m the military
service of the United States," to the officers and
soldiers of Major Daniel Bailey's battalion of
Cook county (Illinois) volunteers—to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands,
A bill (No. 839) for the relief of Daniel "VVacaser
■—to the Committee on Pensions,
A bill (No. 840) for the relief of Sampson
Hays, a"eoldier m the Mexican war—-to the
Committee on Pensions.
Revenue laws.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the Senate to take up
a bill of a single section reported by the Commit-
tee on Commerce, at the suggestion of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, to prevent great loss to
the revenue. It is a bill (S. No. 586) to amend
the " act reducing the duties on imports, and for
other purposes," approved July 30, 1846. I am
sure there will be no objection to it.
. Mr- HUNTER. The hour has arrived, I be-
lieve, at which we agreed to go into executive
SefSion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It wants only
two minutes of that hour.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the bill of the Sen-
ator from New York relates to a matter which
should have gone to the Committee on Finance;
but I do not propose that reference now.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will say to my friend from
Virginia that I have looked at the bill, and I
think it is a very necessary one. It is a simple
question between foreign manufacturers and
growers coming in competition with our own.
Mr. HUNTER. To that extent it is right;
but I have not yet compared it with the decision
of the court to which it refers. I wish to have
an opportunity to compare it with that decision.
I shall be ready on Monday.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well.
CONGRESSIONAL LIBRARY REPAIRS.
On motion of Mr. JAMES, the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 47) "authorizing the payment of a
certain expense incurred in the repairs of the Con-
gressional Library, under the act of Congress,
approved March 19, 1852," which proposes to
direct the disbursing officer of the appropriation
for the repairs of the Congressional Library to
pay $300 to Z. W. Denham, in payment for his
services as clerk, was read a second time and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. PEARCE. What repairs are these?
Mr. JAMES. I will give the explanation in
the words of the architect:
"The repairs of the Library have occupied about eigh-
teen months, and the disbursements exceeded $90,000. A
iarge amount of clerical labor had therefore to be performed;
and in order to accomplish it, without interfering with his
other duties, Mr. Denham has devoted at the office about
three hours erery day more than is usually required of the
clerks m the department."
These repairs were at the time the Library
was burnt down.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills:
An act for the relief of Martin Millett, of Iowa;
An act for the relief of Jonathan Painter, a
black man, who served as a spy in the war of
1812;and
An act to incorporate the Columbian Institu-
tion for the instruction of Deaf, Dumb, and Blind.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour of
one o'clock having arrived, the Chair will an-
nounce that there is a special order in executive
session for this hour. The Sergeant-at-Arms will
close the door and clear the galleries.
After some time spent m executive session, the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 14, 1857.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a.m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the United States, transmitting a letter from
the Secretary of War, recommending an appro-
priation of §10,000 for the purpose of instituting
a series of researches for the discovery of a more
effectual mode of manufacturing nitre; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of
the following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act for the relief of Jonathan Painter, a
biai-K man, who acted as a spy in the war of 1812;
An act for the relief of Martin Millett, of Iowa;
and
, An aet to incorporate the Columbian Institu-
tion for the instruction of the Deaf and Dumb and
the Blind.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL. *
SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the report of the committee of confer
ence upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 510) making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for the
year ending the 30th of June, 185S, upon which
the previous question had been ordered.
Mr. HCJGHSTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent, to take from the Speaker's table, and put
upon its passage, a bill (II. R. No. 647) for the
relief of Captain Frederick Steele.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 object, Ad call
for the regular order of business.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask that the report be read.
The report, which was read, recommends that
the Senate concur with the House of Representa-
tives in their amendment to its first amendment,
and that the House of Representatives caBcur in
the second amendment of the Senate; srrniat, if
the report be agreed to, the Senate will agree to the
House amendment striking out the provision for
the Assistant Professor of French, and the House
agree to the amendment which increases the sal-
ary of the Master of the Sword.
Mr. SAGE. I wish to state to the House-, 
The SPEAKER. The main question has been
ordered, and debate is not in order.
Mr. SAGE. I want to make a statement, so
that the House may understand the bill.
The SPEAKER. Debate cannot be entertained
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to any debate.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon agreeing to the report.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays were
refused yesterday.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to lay the report upon
the table; and upon it I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered,
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I would inquire
of the Chair if that motion, if it prevails, would
not carry the bill with it?
The SPEAKEH. It would.
The quesyon was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 67, nays 87; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ball, Bishop, Bliss, Brad-shaw, Brenton,
Burnett, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Comms, Craige, Cumback, Day, Dean, Dickson,
Dodd, Flagler, Galloway, Gilbert, Granger, Harlan, Hodges,
Holloway, Valentine B. Ilorton, Houston, Jowett, George
W. Jones, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Leiter, Mace,
McMulhn, McU.ueen, Kilhan Miller, Morgan, Mott, Mur-
ray, Norton, Pearce, Perry, Peuit, Pike, Pringle, Robbms,
Ruffin, Sa^e, Scott, Simmons, William Smith, Stanton,
Tappan, Thorington, Trafton, Wade, Wakeman, Waldron,
Cadwalader C. Washburne, Eltihu B. Washburne, Wat-
kms, Watson, Wheeler, Williams, Wood, Woodruff, and
Won (1 worth—67.
WAYS — Messrs. Akers, Aibricht, Allen, Barbour, Bar-
clay, Bell, Henry Bennett, Jiendlev S. Bennett, Benson,
Branch, Bioom, Butfinton, John P. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Carhle, Ca^kie. Claw.son, Clmgman, Covode,
Cox, C'ragin, Crawford, Darnrell, Davidson, Denver, J)e
Witt, Dick. Dunn, Durfee, Edmundr-on, Edwards, Elliott,
Ethcndgc, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Ilenry M Fuller,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall,
Robert B. Hall, Hoffman, Howard, Hush&ton, Kelly, King,
Kunkej, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall,
Maxwell, Miilson, Milhvard, Morrill, Nichols, Mordecai
Oliver, Parker, Peck, Pelton, Porter, PoivelJ, Quitman,
Ready, Ricaud, Robison, Sandid?e, Sapp, Seward, Samuel
A. Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stewart, Stranahan, 1-avlor,
Thurston, Tnppe, Underwood, Vail, Walbrulge, Walker,
Wells, Whitney, Winslow, John V. Wright, and Zoili-
coffer~87.
So the House refused to lay the report upon the *
table.
Pending the call of the roll,
_Mr. BARKSDALE stated that had he been ia
his seat at the time hi,? name was called, he should
have voted in the negative. -
The question recurred on agreeing to the report
of the committee.
Mr. CLINGMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Talbott
and De Witt were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 68, noes 67.
So the report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
Mr. MORGAN. On the latter motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I withdraw the motion.
RECONSIDERATION.
Mr. MAXWELL. I move to reconsider the
