706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
therefore I consider it legitimate. The Senator
from New York appeals to me to withdraw it on
the ground that the proposition made by him is
right and justji itself, and ought to be passed. I
so consideredfR or I should not have offered the
amendment.
I have an additional reason. I have been seek-
ing, and the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads have been seeking, for days and
weeks, to obtain SI consideration; and the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Brodiiead] has
been the main obstruction to prevent the consid-
eration of the subject-matter of this amendment.
All I desire is the sense of the Senate in reference
to it. I know—past experience has shown me—
that unless I avail myself of the rules of the
Senate, so as to obtain a vote on this measure as
an amendment to some proposition of the Senator
from New York, who can always succeed in ob-
taining the consideration of measures that he
believes important, I have no chance, no oppor-
tunity, ^d expect to have no opportunity of se-
curing We vote of the Senate on any question
which I deem important to the public interests;
and therefore I feel justified in insisting on my
amendment, and asking for the sense of the Sen-
ate on the question.
The Senator from Pennsylvania, either by way
of deterring the Senate from the consideration of
this question, or for some other cause, has, when-
ever the subject has been alluded to, threatened
to make speeches. Well, sir, we expcct him to
make speeches. If he did not do so on this sub-
ject, ho might on some other, and therefore, t
think, that is no good reason why the amend-
ment should not be considered. He says the
amendment involves some twenty millions of dol-
lars. I say it does not involve a single dollar, and
no man can show legitimately that it does involve
a single dollar; but it does involve a great prin-
ciple of justice to an immense interest through-
out the whole length and breadth of this country,
from one end of the nation to the other.
By the present law, every pound of iron man-
ufaetuied beyond the limits of the United States
which is imported into tins country, has to pay
thirty per cent, duty to this Government before
it can be laid down. This amendment dne<* not
propose to repeal that duty, or to dimmish its
amount, but proposes that it. shall be paid at a dif-
ferent time and m a different mode—just as ben-
eficial and eflectivc to the Government, and yet
much easier to the great interest involved, than
the present advance of cash. The amendment is
simply a proposition to authorize any railroad
company, or any person, to enter into contract
and give bond, with good and sufficient security,
to the Postmaster General and the Secretary of the
Treasury, to carry the mails for ejght years in
satisfaction of the duty.
This is about an equivalent for what is now
paid in cash. The only difference is, that instead
of compelling them to pay thirty per cent, to the
Government before their iron can be laid down,
it permits thei . to pay it in labor. You can go
to the Post Office Department and make the cal-
culation; and it will be found to be very neaily
an equivalent. I admit that it is not precisely
equal in all itn hearings. I admit that the Post-
master General makes better contracts with some
railroad companies than with others. There are
uomc receiving so much that they of course
would not accept the provisions of the hill.
There are others receiving a little less, winch
w-vjkl accept it. An equivalent, as near as can
Le, for the present duty in cash, at the present
rate of carrying the nuul, is eight years' mail ser-
vice free of charge to the Government. Who is
affeoted l%y it beneficially? We know that those
who make the roads and advance the money
Jose by the operation in ninety-nine cases out of
every hundred. The men whose property is in-
creased m value, and whose commerce and travel
are lbcibfated by railroads, are the persons really
interested in this matter. By the permission to
pay this duty m labor in transmitting the mails,
you sa\e the trouble <>f collection; you avoid the
inconvenience of advancing this large amount of
t-ioney; and you facilitate, to a great extent, all
the railroads now being made, as weJl as the re-
laying th* roads heretofore made.
I say there it* a larger interest involved in this
amendment than in any bill which has been before
the Senate during the present session; and it is
an interest which is seldom considered by legis-
lative bodies—the interest of the masses of the
people, whose property will be benefited and
improved in value by the construction of railroads
in the country, and whose commerce and travel
will be facilitated. They are the persons really
interested.
This is the simple provision of the amendment.
It is one which has not attracted much attention,
but it will attract attention before the country if
it should be defeated at this session. What is
there unreasonable in it? Does the Government
need the money ? Not a dollar of it. The Gov-
ernment has no use for it in the world. What
will be the effect if you refuse it? We require
them to pay the money in advance, and then we
turn arountl, and pay it out to the railroad com- \
panies for carrying the mails. If you pass this
amendment, you save them from advancing cash,
which is a very great advantage to them. It may
be supposed that it conflicts with other interests;
I have no knowledge of any interests with which
it would conflict. I see no just ground for oppo-
sition to it. I see every good reason why it should j
pass, and unless it be attached to this bill, I have
very little idea that it will bo considered during
tho present session. I have offered it in good
faith.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I am under
obligations to the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Evans,] and to the honorable Sen-
ator from California, [Mr. Weller,] for leave to
present this hill now, and to the Senate generally,
on the assurance that it would elicit no debate.
I am disappointed, and I therefore move to lay the
bill on the table, in order to redeem the pledge
which I gave to those honorable Senators, and to
the Senate, when they conceded to me the favor
to take up this bill.
The motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
DOCTOR JAMES MORROW.
Mr. EVANS. I ask the Senate to take up the
bill (II. R. No. 388) for the relief of Doctor
James Morrow. The application is made under
very peculiar circumstances. This bill passed
the ITouso of Representatives at the last session,
and was sent here, but was not acted on at all.
A report exactly conformable to it was made in
the Senate. When the House bill came up the
present session, it was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs. Doctor Morrow, the gentle-
man for whose relief this bill was intended, was
here a month or two during last winter, and has
been here during the last month, urging^jhis claim,
lie is very ill, hardly expected to hve^ and this
money is essential to enable him to meet the cur-
rent expenses of his business. I beg, therefore,
that the Senate will take up the hill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill which pioposes to require the Sec-
retary of State to pay to Dr. James Morrow, for
his services-as agriculturist to the Japan expedi-
tion under Commodore Perry, compensation at
the rate of $1,500 per annum, during the time he
was actually employed in such service, the same
being additional to his compensation of twenty-
five dollars per month as master's mate.
The Committee on Naval Affairs of the Senate
reported it with an amendment, striking out the
words:
Compensation at the rate of .$1,500 per annum, during
the tunc he was actually employed in such seivice, the
ssiMiie being additional to his-- compensation of twenty-tfvc
dollars per month as master's mate;
and inserting:
Compensation at the rate of three dollars per day during
the time he acted as  uch agriculturist: also the pay of an
assistant suigeon in the United States Navy durmgthe time
he anted as .sueh assistant surgeon in said expedition, de-
ducting iheiefrom the amount alreadv received by said
Monow as master's mate in said expedition.
Mr. EVANS. Perhaps the best explanation I
i can give of this case is to ask for the reading of
| the report winch came with the bill from the
j House of Representatives.
| Mr. WELLER. There is no necessity for
| reading it. We can vote down the amendment of
the committee and pass the bill as it came from
the House of Representatives.
1 Mr. EVANS. Very well.
Mr. SEIDELL. Before the vote is taken on
the amendment, I think it is proper that the Senate
should be informed of the motive that governed
the Committee on Naval Affairs in repoiting-it.
When the expedition to Japan was about being
organized, the then Secretary of the Navy con-
templated enlisting the services of a very large
scientific corps who should receive ample compen-
sation during the expedition. An application was
made to Congress for an appropriation to enable
him to employ such a scientific corps on a very
munificent scale. Congress refused to entertain
the idea, and rejected the appropriation. The gen-
tleman for whose relief the bill now under con-
sideration is framed, was requested by the Secre-
tary of State to proceed in the capacity of agricul-
turist on board one of the Japan expedition ships,
tie was told that a recommendation would be
made to Congress to obiain an appropriation to
enable a salary of $1,500 to be paid to him.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will ask the Senator from Louisiana to suspend
his remarks. The hour has arrived for the special
order.
Mr. RUSK. I think this bill can be disposed
of in a few minutes. I move to postpone the
special order for that purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the duty
of the Chair to call for the special order; but by
general consent, the Chair will allow it to pass
over for the present, and will call for it again
when this bill shall have been disposed of.
[''Agreed."]
Mr. SLIDELL. I do not think it can occupy
any considerable time. I merely wish to state
the facts. I have no interest whatever in the de-
cision at which the Senate may arrive; my only
object is to justify the Naval Committee in their
action.
A number of scientific men and artists were
desirous to accompany the expedition, among
them Mr. Morrow. He was undoubtedly led,in
the first instance, to expect that he would receive
a salary of $1,500 or $2,000; but that expectation
was necessarily disappointed, for I presume Dr.
Morrow knew the circumstances, perfectly appre-
ciated them, and was willing to take the risk.
Congress, as I before remarked, refused to make
the appropriation. The only course then to be
pursued was to attach a certain number of scien-
tific men to the expedition, under the orders of
the Secretary of the Navy, and employ them as
master's mates. I think there were some seven
or eight in the same situation with Dr. Morrow;
and my impression is, that of that number two
or three, at least, have rendered more valuable
service.
The action of the Committee on Naval Affairs
has been uniform on this subject. The chief
artist of the expedition, Mr. Heine, I think one
of the cleverest men in his particular pursuit in
the country, who made all the drawings and
superintended all the engravings illustrating the
expedition, lias been placed by the Committee on
Naval Affairs m exactly the same position that
they now wish to place Dr. Morrow. It is con-
tended , on the part of Dr. Morrow, that he had a
rijjht to presume that he would receive a salary
of $1,500 or §2,000. I think that presumption i3
completely negatived by his knowledge of the
fact before he left the country, that the appropri-
ation had been refused. He then reported him-
self on hoard one of the ships of the expedition
as master's mate, and in that capacity he received
a pay of twenty-five dollars per month. The
other persons employed as masters' mates re-
ceived $450 a year. The first bill regularly in
order on the Pnvate Calendar, is the bill for the
relief of the artist of the expedition, to whom I
have alluded. Heis, by that bill, placed in the
same condition that the committee propose to
place Dr. Morrow. I should conceive it exceed-
ingly unjust if any discrimination were made in
favor of Dr. Morrow and against Mr. Heine.
I have complied with the duty, always a pain-
, ful one, (and I certainly never voluntarily incur
the responsibility,) of opposing private bills
which address themselves very naturally and
justly to the sensibilities and good feeling of the
Senate. I have merely complied with my duty
to state the actual facts of the case.
Under the provision made by the Committee
on Naval Affairs, the pay of Dr. Morrow is
greater than that of the assistant surgeons of the
Navy, who certainly performed much more ar-
duous duties. His duties must necessarily have
been of a very intermittent character, only to be
