1857.
discharged at short intervals when the vessels
found themselves on foreign shores. I have
nothing more to say. It is a matter of indiffer-
ence to me whether the amendment be rejected
or not.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to say a few words in
reply to what has fallen from the Senator from
Louisiana. I assume, in the first place, upon the
testimony which is furnished by the report of
the House committee, that Dr. Morrow em-
barked on this expedition under an assurance
that he would be paid at least $1,500 per annum.
In that report is quoted a letter from the then
Secretary of the Navy, Mr. Kennedy, in which
he recommended that he should be paid from
$1,500 to $2,000 per annum, and expressed the
opinion that the compensation of master's mate,
which he would get, was wholly inadequate to
the Services which he could and would perform.
It appears from this report that Dr. Morrow
performed even greater services than were ex-
pected of him, or imposed upon him by the office
which he filled. He not only performed the duty
of agriculturist to the expedition, distributing
agricultural implements and seeds, which were
furnished by the Patent Office; he not only made
large collections of seeds and various plants in
Japan, but he also performed the part of sur-
geon's mate on the vessel for months without
any compensation whatever.
The difference between his case and the gentle-
man alluded to by the Senator from Louisiana
is very wide and marked. Dr. Morrow has no
means of realizing anything from his services
except what is paid him by the Government. The
plants which he collected, exceeding two thousand
in number, have been furnished to the State De-
partment. They arc now in the possession of
the Government. He can derive no profit what-
ever from their exhibition, or from the journal
which he kept while he was there, nor from the
classification of those plants, which has been
done at his own expense. On the other hand, the
artist to whom the Senator alludes has already
-published a series of plates—I do not know what
number, but I have myself a large volume which
he has published, and which have been paid for;
and I presume he has reaped the profits. I also
state what I have been informed and believe to
be a fact, that he has furnished most of the plates
•—perhaps all of them—that are to be found in the
work of Commodore Perry; and I presume they
were not gratuitously furnished. 1 suppose he
was paid for them. Thus I show that m the sale
of lus own plates, which I have bound up in a
separate volume, and in the supply of plates to
Commodoie Perry, who I suppose did not take
them gratuitously, he has received some compen-
sation; and superadded to all that, he was paid
better wages than were paid to Dr. Morrow.
Under these circumstances, there is no paral-
lelism in those cases. The one may reap suffi-
cient compensation for his services, even without
any payment on the part of Congress. The other
will get nothing beyond the bare pittance of $300
per annum at most for his services as agriculturist
and surgeon's mate on this vessel, unless we pass
a bill for his relief.
Mr. SLIDELL. The Senator from Alabama
is laboring under a misapprehension. The amend-
ment of the Naval Committee pays him three dol-
lars a day.
Mr. CLAY. I know that, but it reduces his
compensation by more than five hundred dollars
per annum, and that is what I am not willing to
do.
T do not wish to elaborate on this subject, and
I shall not do so unless I am driven into it. If I
should, I could show that there has been great
injustice perpetrated in respect to the Japan ex-
pedition. I could show that one man has en-
joyed the lion's share of the honors and profits
of this expedition, while others, equally merito-
rious, filling humbler spheres, have been turned
off with a mere song. I believe this man to be a
gentleman. I believe he embarked on this expe-
dition confiding in the assurance of the Secretary
of the Navy that he would get at least $1,500 per
annum. He is at this time lying on a sick bed
from which there is some doubt whether he will
ever rise. He has been a long time delayed.
The House of Representatives has passed the
bill on the recommendation of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs thete. The Committee on For-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1 "W"
707
eign Relations here reported a similar bill to the
House bill, and recommended that it should
pass. 1 do not know by what sort of legislative
legerdem&in it was taken out of the hands of the
Committee on Foreign Relations after their re-
port, oi* taken out of the hands of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
They make a different report from that of either
of the other committees, and one which does this
man less than justice. It is purely for the sake
of justice that I hope this bill may pass as it
came from the House, but not as amended by
the Committee on Naval Affairs. If that amend-
ment be adopted, it is tantamount to a defeat of
the bill, and will prevent any compensation, at
least until the action of some subsequent Con-
gress.
Mr. MALLORY. If the amendment be right
in itself, it should be adopted, in my judgment,
whether it kill the bill or not. I think the Sen-
ator from Alabama [Mr. Clay] is in error. If I
suffered my sympathies, as 1 think he has allowed
his, to travel away with my judgment on this
matter, I should not open my lips; but the bill
was reported from the Naval Committee, and to
put that committee right, I propose to say a few
words.
My friend from Alabama inquires by what
legerdemain this bill came before the Naval Com-
mittee. Why, sir, it was referred to that com-
mittee by the Senate; it was considered by them
in obedience to the order of the Senate. They
were not aware that any other committee of the
Senate had charge of the subject.
Mr. CLAY. 1 have before me the bill reported
by the Committee on Foreign Relations. Here
it is.
Mr. MALLORY. I know now that there is
such a bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am a member of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations; and when the sub-
ject was discussed there, I made the same state-
ment to the Senator from California [Mr.
which I have made now, that wc had adopted the
principle of compensation in regard to the other
gentleman in a similar position, and I thought it
fair to be applied to him. I did know that the
Committee on Foreign Relations had made such
a report.
Mr. MALLORY. I did not.
Mr. WELLER. I reported the bill alluded to
from the Committee on Foreign Relations, and,
of course, I had the authority of the committee.
Mr. MALLORY. My friend fiom Alabama
supposes that this gentleman went out in this
expedition under the belief that he would receive
$1,500. I think he is under a misapprehension.
1 have conversed with the gentleman himself, and
I believe he could not have been uuder^iy such
apprehension; because, before he sailed, congress
had determined that scientific men, as such, should j
not accompany the expedition. The proposition .
originally was talked of, though not legislated |
upon, of sending out a scientific corps with the :
Japan expedition, as Napoleon took his corps to ■
Egypt, and Mr. Kennedy proposed to pay an j
agriculturist as one of that corps, an experienced j
man, from $1,500 to §2,000 a year. Congress ;
struck out the appropriation, and refused to pay ' I
compensation to any men as a scientific corps. ||
This gentleman applied for this position, in part !
on the score of ill health. He was advised that j
he would get a master's mate's position, and he
took it. He did perform other duties far more
important than those of master's mate, and has
no doubt earned the salary which the committee
propose to allow him. Of that, however, I have
nothing to sny. He received as master's mate
twenty-five dollars per month. The Naval Com- |
mittee, taking into consideration the superior j
duties he performed, proposed to allow him three
dollars a day during all the time he was employed (
on the expedition, and the pay of assistant sur- j
geon during the time he exercised the duties of j
assistant surgeon on account of the sickness of j
that officer, instead of the salary of $1,500, which j
I contend was never promised him; and there whs :
no understanding between him and the Depart- '
ments of the Government that he should receive !
any such sum.
The fact that the artist of the expedition has ;
printed the results of hisUabors, and sold them, j
and realized a profit, and the fact that he has been !
employed subsequently as an artist at three dol- I
lars a day, furnishes no reason why this petition-
er's claim should be increased correspondingly.
It was impossible that his labors should continue
after the expedition came home. I will here re-
mark that in expeditions of this^jud, thousands
of gentlemen in theXJnited StatesflWmost anxious
to procure positions as masters' mates, because
they do not do the duty which naturally devolves
on that grade in the Navy, and are allowed to fol-
low the bent of their own iru^nations in the pur-
suit of scientific objects. ThWewards they reap,
the foreign countries they see, the additions they
make to science for themselves, are generally re-
garded as sufficient compensation.
_ I say thus much to put the Naval Committee
right. I shall not complain if the amendment be
voted down, though I think every other man on
the expedition who has rendered similar services
should be placed on the same footing. There is
an application now before the Senate from a gen-
tleman who had charge of the telegraph line. He
claims the same pay that we allow to Morrow or
Heine. The committee have simply attempted
to establish a uniform rule of three dollars a day
to each one, instead of twenty-five dollars a
month.
Mr. EVANS. I desire to sayonly aword on
this subject. If there are others who performed
services in this expedition, I have no objection to
their being paid at the same rate. I have two
objections to this amendment. The first is, that
it is not worded in such a way as to carry out the
intention of the committee as it is explained here.
It gives him three dollars a day, that is, $3,095 a
year. 'It also allows him his §300 as master's
mate; but according to its words«that is to be
deducted. He is to have his three dollars a day,
his pay as assistant surgeon in the Navy, which
amounts to about one hundred dollars, which
will make $1,200, and then the $300 he received
is to be taken from it That will leave him only
about eight hundred dollars. Eight hundred dol-
lais, I presume, no man will say is adequate com-
pensation.
Mr. SLIDELL. That is certainly not Jhe
amendment as reported by the committee.
Mr. EVANS. That is the literal construc-
tion. It admits of none other.
Mr. SLIDELL. The intention of the com-
mittee was to give him three dollars a day, com-
pensate him for the service rendered as assistant
surgeon, and deduct fiomthat sum the amount he
has already received as master's mate.
Mr. EVANS. He received $300 a year, and
his compensation for assistant surgeon does not
amount to $100. How can you deduct §300 from
$100? The literal meaning is, that you are to
deduct the $300 from the whole, and that that
will leave him only a little upwards of $800. You
pay your men here who carry your mails, your
messengers, $1,200; the man who stands at the
door of the private apartment receives $600 or
$700; and yet this scientific gentleman is to have
his compensation reduced to between $800 and
$900.
Mr. President, there is another objection. This
bill came heiefrom the House of Representatives
within the last few days of the last session. It
was not taken up at ail, because the Senate had
determined they would take up no business ex-
cept the bill which was then under consideration.
It stood over, therefore, until the beginning -of
this session, when it was taken up—I was not
herf* myself—and without anything being soid,it
was referred to the Naval Committee, and they
have reported this amendment. The bill was
referred on the 9th day of December last, and the
report was not made until near two months after-
wards. The result of it is this: we have fourteen
legislative days of this session left, ond if this bill
be amended, H goes back to the House of Rep-
resentatives, where it will never see the light dur-
ing the present Congress; and it would be wrong
thus to treat this poor man, who spent two months
last year, and has been here :i month this year
looking after his bilj, and is new lying prostrate
on a bed of sirkness from which it is question-
able whether he will ever rise. I hope the amenu-
ment will be disagreed to, and the bill passed as
it came from the House of Representatives.
The amendment was rejected. The bill was
reported to the Senate without amendment, or-
dered to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
