tm
THE CONGRESSIONAL 1$LOBE.
February 16,
PAY. OP ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. WELLER. I move to take up the bill
(H. R. No..782) to increase the pay of the offi-
cers of the for the purpose of having it
under consioMtiort when, in pursuance of the
previous order of the Senate, we go into execu-
tive session.
. Mr. "RUSK. I move to postpone that bill, and
make it the specjai.order for to-morrow, at one
o'clock. It ougliWo be acted on.
Mr. SLIDELL. There is a special order for
to-morrow.
Mr. WELLER. I prefer that the bill be taken
up and go over as the unfinished business.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL. I beg to inform my friend,
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, that the bill to regulate the administration
of the Louisville and Portland canal was made
the special order of the day for one o'clock to-
morrow. I have every reason to believe that it
will not-lead to any protracted discussion, but
that we can get through with it in half an hour.
1 shall then most cheerfully assent to the consid-
eration of this bill. Why not make it the special
order for to-morrow, at half past one o'clock ?
Mr. WELLER. I prefer to have the bill go
over until to-morrow as unfinished business.
Mr. RUSK. That cannot be unless we adjourn
while it is pending'. Let it be made the special
order for to-morrow, at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. WELLER. We meet to-morrow at eleven
o'clock. I move to make this bill the special
order for twelve o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. RUSK. Very well.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cujllom, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; which were thereupon signed by
the President pro tempore:
An act providing for the regular transmission
of'the mail on route No. 6842; and
An act for the construction of a wagon road
from Fort ICearny, via the .South Pass of tiie
Rocky Mountains and Great Salt Lake Valley, to
the eastern portion of the State of California, and
for other purposes.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webstiik, his Secre-
tary, announcing that he had approved and signed
the following acts:
An act for the relief of Martin Millett, of
Iowa; and
An act for the relief of Jonathan Painter, a black
man, who acted as a spy in the war of 1812.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In accordance
with a special order, lhe Senate will now proceed
to the consideration of executive business. The
Sergeantat-Arms will close the doors and clear
the galleries.
After two and a half hours spent in executive
session, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 1G, 1857.
TheHousemetateleveno'clock,a. rn. Prayer
by the Chaplain of the Senate, Rev. Stephen P.
Hill.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House for leave to re-
port from the Committee on Commerce certain
Senate river and harbor bills, in order that they
may be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; and also adverse re-
ports upon other bills and petitions.
Mr. A:1c MULL1.N. Is this in the regular order
of business ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I object,
and call for the regular order of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
-the rules be suspended in order that I may sub-
mit the reports I have referred to.
I demand the yeas and
Mr. McMULLIN.
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered. •
Mr. FAULKNER. I move that there be a call
of the House.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. McMULLIN. lwish to vote understand-
ingly upon the present proposition, and therefore
call for the reading of the titles of the bills and
resolutions proposed to be leportedfrom the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. They will bo read.
The Clerk read as follows:
A resolution (S No. 3G) for enlarging the cus-
tom-house, post office, and court-house at Detroit,
in the State of Michigan; and
A resolution (S. No. 28) relative to the build-
ing for custom-house and post office at Toledo,
in the State of Ohio.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Those bills,
when reported, I shall move to lay upon the table.
The Clerk proceeded to read the titles of the
bills to be reported, when he was interrupted by
Mr. HOUSTON, who said: Mr. Speaker, I
rise to a question of order. Can a member of
any committee move a suspension of the rules
for the introduction of more bills than one ? In
other words, must not there be a separate motion
to suspend the rules for every report he proposes
to make r
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the House can suspend its rules, so that these
bills may be received for reference; but no vote
can be taken upon them together, unless that
be the unanimous consent of the House. There
must be a separate vote on each, if desired by any
member.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is very true; but my
point of order is that the vote shall be separate
upon the admission of each bill. The gentleman
from Illinois cannot suspend the rules to do that
which cannot be done under other circumstances
—the introduction, by one motion, of an entire
omnibus of bills. If the rules be suspended it is
for the introduction of one bill, and my point is
that there must be a motion to suspend the rules
for tin1 reporting of every bill. !
The SPEAKER. If the bills are introduced |
the gentleman from Alabama may then have a I
separate vote upon each one of them; but it is :
competent for the House to suspend the rules in
order that they may be received. !
Air. HOUSTON. 1 want a separate vote on :
the suspension of the rules with reference to the '
leception of each one of the bills proposed to be .
reported. i
The SPEAKER. It is a vote which cannot j
lie divided. The gentleman from Illinois moves
that rules bo suspended, so that ho may re- '
port certain bills from the Committee on Com- |
mercc. It is a single question, which cannot be j
divided.
Mi*. JONES, of Tennessee. By one vote does
i the Chair decide that the gentleman from Illinois
may submit what reports he pleases, and as many !
as he pleases? fs tiiat the decision of the Chair? i
The SPEAKEJl. They are to be reported for
reference only. The motion is, that the rules be,,
suspended for that purpose. ;
Mr. McMULLIN. The Chair will pardon me !
for a suggestion. I might be willing to admit two '
or three of those bills; but I am decidedly opposed
to the admission of the others. The 'Chair de- j
cides that they must all come together. Then j
to get those I may be in favor of, I am compelled i
to take those I object to. This I will not do. I j
must either have a division of the question, or j
take an appeal from the decision of the Chair. :
And I would suggest whether the gentleman from s
Alabama is not right in his point of order, and ;
the distinction he has drawn upon this question. :
_ The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the mo-
tion is in order. If the House chooses to sus-
pend its rules for this purpose, it has the privilege
to do so on this day.
Mr. McMULLIN. I am under the necessity
of taking an appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the appeal upon the table.
Mr. McMULLIN. ^Have I not the right, under
the rules, to state the reasons why I take an ap-
peal ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend the
rules is not debatable, and a question of order
arising on it must follow the rule of the motion
itself.
Mr. McMULLIN. There I think the Chair
is wrong in his decision again.
The SPEAKER. It would be in order to de-
bate the question if there were any question before
the House; but the proposition is to suspend the
rules so as to bring a proposition before the
House.
Mr. McMULLIN. There is a question before
the House. I take an appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the appeal on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
So the appeal was laid upon the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now ask for a division of
the vote upon those bills, if the rules will permit
me to have it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not
a divisible question. It is simply a question
whether the Hour;e will suspend its rules or not,
and that is not a divisible question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose the
question is in the form of a resolution that the
rules be suspended to enable the gentleman to
report a bill of such a title, and then another and
another, and so 011 to the end.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the ques-
tion is not divisible, and the only question is,
whether the House will suspend its rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And then, I sup-
pose, if the rules are suspended, it will be in order
to move to suspend them again, and put all the
bills upon their passage, without reading them,
or anybody knowing anything about them.
The SPEAKER. The House has the power
to suspend its rules on this day.
The question on the motion to suspend the
rules was then taken; and there were—yeas 118,
nays 39; as follows: "
YFAS— Messrs, Akers, Albright, Allen, Aliison, Ball,
JJaibour, Henry Dennett, Benson, Bmpham, Jiishop, Bliss,
BracMiciw, Uienton, Bioom, Bullhuon, Lcwh D. Campbell,
C.ir.ithcM, Chaffee. Mayaul Clarke, Ezra Claik, Colfax,
Cumins, Cox, Ciaym, Cumba^k, Timothy I>avjs, D,\y,
J")ear>, Denver, Do Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Dar-
t'ee, Edvvaiits, Emrie, Etheudsc, Evan*, Flagler, Floience,
Henry M. Fuller, Galloway, Grander, Robeit 15 Hall, Har-
lan, J. Morrison IJ.1111?, Haven, Uod«re>, Hollowly,Thomas
II. Honon, Howard, IIui;b-ton, King, Knapp, Kmghf,
Know] ton, Kimkei, Lake, Leiter, Maee, Alexander K.
Maislial), Humphrey Marshall, MeCaitv, Kiliian Miller,
Millward.Moore,Morgan, Mnmll, Monison, Mott, Murray,
Njchols, Andrew Oliver, Moidecai Oliver, Paine, Paiker,
Pearee, Peek, Penv, Peitit, Pike, Poiter, Pnngle, Rieand,
iS.ibin, Sapp, Seoit, cShernuin, Fimmons, Samuel A. Smith,
Sivod, Stanton, Stranahan, Swope, Tnppan, Thorington,
Thtimon, Ti.ifton, Tnppe, Tyson, Underwood, Wade,
Wakeman, Walbndge, VValdion, Cad walader C. Wash-
bmne, Elhhu 13. VVashburne. Israel Wa-dibtun, Watson,
i Well-?, Whitney, Williams, Wmslow, Wood, Woodruff,
Woodworth, and Zolhcofler—118.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Bark^dale, Bowie, Branch, Bur-
nett, John I'. Campbell, Coihle, Chnrjman, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Craige, Ciawfoul, Jacob C. Davis, Dow dell,
Edinundson, Faulkner, Garnett, Goode, Gteemvood, Hous-
ton, Jewett, Geoigc W. Jone-, Kelly, Letcher, Samuel S.
Marshall, Maxwell, McMulhn, MeQ.UPPn, Smith Miller,
Puryear, Ruffin, Sava<?e, Shorter, William Smith, William
11. Smith, Stewart, Tuition, Vail, Walking and Wheeler—
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof.)
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act providing for the regular transmission
of the mail on route No. 68453  and
I An 0 ct for the construction of a wagon road from
Port Kearny, via the South Pass of the Rocky
Mountains and Great Salt Lake Valley, to the
eastern portion of the State of California, and for
other purposes.
SENATE BILLS REPORTED AND REFERRED.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Commerce, then reported the fol-
lowing Senate bills; which were severally referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union: *
An act (No. 433) for continuing the improve-
