1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ment of the inland passage between the St. John's
and St. Mary's rivers, Florida.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay that
bill upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The bills are received for
reference only.
' Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. But I suppose I
can make that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
the rules have been suspended for a specific pur-
pose, and the Chair would say to the gentleman
from Illinois, or any other gentleman, that a mo-
tion to put these bills upon their' passage could
not be received.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That would come
under another rule, which requires them to be
first considered in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The rules were suspended
for a particular purpose, and the House must be
held to that puroose.
Mr. McMULLIN. X wish to be informed
whether it is competent to call for a division of
the question upon the reception of each one of
the bills ?
The SPEAKER. They are all received for
the purpose of reference.
Mr. McMULLIN. Well, it is an unprece-
dented proceeding, and against it I enter my sol-
emn protest.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will proceed with
the reading of the bills.
The bills were read, as follows:
An act (No. 424) for continuing the improve-
ment of the harbor of Providence, Rhode Island;
An act (No. 132) to provide for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Ohio river;
An act (No. 134) to continue the improvement
of the harbor of Vermilion, Ohio;
An act (No. 411) for continuing the improve-
ment of the harbor of Mobile, Alabama, at Dog
river bar, Choctaw Pass, and to the Lower Fleet;
An act (No. 323) making appropriation for the
improvement of the channel at Hell Gate, East
river, in the State of New York;
An act (No. 249) providing for the survey of
the falls of Red river, at or near Alexandria;
An act (No. 248) providing for the survey of
Atchafalaya bay and approaches;
An act (No. 179) to provide for the protection
of Cape Cod harbor, Massachusetts;
An act (No. 174) for the improvement of the
harbor of Charleston, South Carolina;
An act (No. 165) for continuing the improve-
ment of the hnrbor of Chicago, Illinois;
An act (No. 173)) for the improvement of the
harbor of Appalachicola, in the State of Florida;
An act (No. 1G4) to continue the improvement
of the Illinois river;
An act (No. 153) to continue the improvement
of the harbor of Michigan City;
An act (No. 412) for continuing the improve-
ment of the Hudson river;
An act (No. 116) making an appropriation for
continuing the improvement of the harbor of
Erie, in the State of Pennsylvania;
An act (No. 148) to continue the improvement
of the Tennessee river;
An act (No. 127) for the construction of a
steam-dredge for Lake Michigan;
An act (No. 88) for completing the improve-
ment in the harbor of Manitowoc, Wisconsin;
An act (No. 89) for continuing the improve-
ment of the harbor of Racine, Wisconsin;
An act (No. 90) for completing the improve-
ment of the harbor of Kenosha, Wisconsin;
An act (No. 91) for continuing the improve-
ment of the harbor of Sheboygan, Wisconsin;
An act (No. 92) for continuing the improve-
ment of the harbor of Milwaukee, Wisconsin;
An act (No. 95) to continue the construction of
a harbor oil the east side of Reedy Island;
An act (No. 96) for continuing the improve-
ment of the harbor of New Castle;
Ar. act (No. 71) to continue the improvement of
the Rock river rapids, in the Upper Mississippi;
 An act (No. 227) makingfurther appropriation
for the improvement of the Cape Fear river,
Worth Carolina;
An act (No. 403) to remove obstructions in the
Bayou la Mkrchc, Louisiana;
A resoliilBn (N®. 28) relative to the buildipg
for a custom-housaand post office at Toledo, in
the Statg of Ohio;
An act (No. 28) making an appropriation for
a steam-dredge on Lake Ontario;
An act (No. 10) to continue the improvement
of the harbor of Newark, New Jersey;
An act (No. 15) to continue the improvement
of the harbor of Conneaut, Ohio;
An act (No. 16) to continue the improvement
of the harbor of Huron, Ohio;
An act (No. 17) to continue the improvement
of the harbor of Ashtabula, Ohio;
An act"(No. 19) to continue the improvement
of the harbor of Cleveland, Ohio;
An act (No. 20) to continue the improvement
of the harbor at the mouth of Black river, Ohio;
An act (No. 21) to continue the improvement
of the harbor of Fairport, Ohio;
An act (No. 22) for continuing the improvement
of the harbor at the mouth of Oak Orchard creek,
*New York, on Lake Ontario;
An act (No. 23) for continuing the improvement
of the harbor of Buffalo, New York, on Lake
Erie;
An act (No. 24) for continuing the improvement
of the harbor of Dunkirk, New York, on Lake
Erie;
An act (No. 25) for continuing the improvement
of the harbor of Sodus bay, Cayuga county, New
York, on Lake Ontario;
An act (No. 26) for continuing the improvement
of the harbor of Sodus bay, Wayne county, New
York, on Lake Ontario;
An act (No. 27) for completing the improvement
of the harbor of Oswego, New York, on Lake
Ontario;
An act (No^237) to amend the act passed De-
cember 31,1 Mp entitled " An act concerning the
registering ami recording of ships and vessels;"
and
A joint resolution (S. No. 30) for enlarging the
custom-house, post office, and court-house atDe-
troit, Michigan.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the same
committee, also reported a bill making an appro-
priation to add an additional stoiy to the custom-
house and post office buildings at Petersburg, Vir-
ginia; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. W., from the same committee, reported
back a bill (H. R. No. 743) to repair, refit, and
refurnish the marine hospital at Paducah, Ken-
tucky; which was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. W., from the same committee, reported a
bill to provide for the survey of the Ohio river
and its principal tributaries; which was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and ordered to be printed. 9
Mr. W., from the same committee, reported
back, with a recommendation that it do pass, a
bill making an appropriation for the construc-
tion of a building at Ogdensburg, New York,
for a custom-house, post office, and United States
court-house; which was referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am directed
by the Committee on Commerce to present ad-
verse reports in the following cases, and to move
that they be laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed:
In the case of the marine hospital at New York;
On the resolution for a custom-house and post-
office at Vicksburg, Mississippi;
On the case of a marine hospital at Milwaukee;
In the case of a port of delivery at Bowling
Green;
Report adverse to the removal of the custom-
house from Point Isabella to Brownsville; •
On the petition of citizens of Lynchburg, Vir-
ginia, praying for the establishment of a port of
entry in that port; and
On a resolution as to the propriety of setting
apart for a marine hospital the hospital building
at Fort Howard, Wisconsin.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to know
whether these are included in the report for which
the House suspended its rules?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. They are.
The SPEAKER. The adverse reports made
by the gentleman from^Jllinois were received
with a specific c.onditiWJ that they were to be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. The gentleman from Illinois
now asks that they may be laid on the table. . It
can only be done by unanimous consent. . "
Mr. McMULLIN. I object. ™
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I ask
that they may be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed. " - ' '' '
It was so ordered.
The following adverse reports, presented by
Mr.Wa5Hbur.se;, of Illinois, from the same com-
mittee, received the same direction:
A bill (H. R< No. 151) to authorize the build-
ing of dams and bridges across the Iowa, Cedar,
and Wapsipinicon rivers, in the State of Iowa;
A bill (H. R. No. 704) granting land to the
State of Wisconsin to aid in the improvement of
the navigation of the Wisconsin river; and
On the petition of Job Deni'n, of Rockport,
Massachusetts, for relief on account of the illepd
condemnation of the schooner Director by the
British.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
must state whether these reports were included in
the motion for which the rules were suspended;
and whether they were among the papers which
he sent to the Clerk's table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Certainly;
but if they cannot be received and laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed, I do not wish to
present them. • " * ,• 1
The SPEAKER. They can be referred only
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I with-
draw them.
EDWIN M. CHAFFEE.
Mr. FULLER, of Pennsylvania. At the re-
quest of my colleague, whoissick, I ask that the
Committee of the Whole House may be dis-
charged from the further consideration of a bill
(H. R. No. 560) for the relief of Edwin M. Chaf-
fee, and that it be considered at this time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the reception of reports. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania asks the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union from the further
consideration of the bill mentioned by him.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the ,
regular order of business.
Mr. FULLER, of Pennsylvania. I move that
the rules be suspended, so that I may make the
motion.
Mr. LETCHER. Let us know what the bill
is about. ■ '
The bill was read. It extends the term of
the patent for the application of undissolved
caoutchouc to clothes, leather, and other articles,
without the aid of a solvent, for seven years from
31st August, 1857.
Mr.*LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
62, nays 115; as follows:
YEAS—Me«srs. Ball, Barbour, Barclay, Bingham, Brail-
shaw, Bienton, Lewis D. Campbell, Cailtle, Chaffee,
Bayaid Clarke, Ezra Clark, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
(Jovode, Cragin, Cumback, Davidson, Jacob C. Davis,
Timothy Davis, Denver, Durfce, Edwards, Eustis, Flagler,
Henry M. Fuller, Greenwood, Robert B. Hall, J. Morrison
Harris, Hoffman, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Hughston,
Knapji, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Lake, Leiter, Mace,
Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Millward,
Moore, Andrew Oliver, raine, Pearce,.Pcck. Pelton, Pen-
mnston, Pettu, Porter, Robbing Sabin, Sapp, Wilhain R.
Smith, Swope, Thurston, Trippe, Vail, Walker, Watkins,.
Wells, and Whitney—62.
NAYS —Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Albright, Barksdale,
Bell, HendleyS. Bennett, Benson, Bishop, Bliss. Bocock,
Bowie, Branch, Buffinton, Burnett, James H. Campbell,
John V. Campbell, Caruthers, Caskie, Clingman, Colfax,
Coiuins, Cox, Craige, Ciawfoid, Damrell, Day, Dean, De
Witt, Dick. Dick>rm. Doikl, Dowdell, Dunn, Edmundson,
Elliott, Emrie, Ethendse, Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J.
D. Fullei. Garnctf, Goode, Granger, Harlan, Sampson W.
Harris, Ilamson, Haven, Hodges, Houston, Howard, Jew-
ett. Geo) go W. Jones, Kelly, Lctcher, Lumpkin, Samuel
S. Marshall, McCarty, McMullin, McQucen,, Killian MiHer,
Smith Millci, Mtllson, Morgan, Mornll, Morrison♦ Mott,
Murray, Nichols, Mordecai Oliver, Parkei.Pcny, Phelps,
Pike, Pringle, Puryear, Qujunan, Reade, Readj, Kieaud,
Baffin, Sage, Sandidge, Scoit, Seward, Shei man, Shorter,
Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, William Smitlr, taneed, Spin-
ner, Stanton, Stewart, Stranalian, Talbott, lappan, riior-
in ton,Trafton, Underwood, Wade, tVakeman, VV abridge,
Waldron, Cadwaladcr C. Wwhburne,Ellihu B. Wasliburae,
Israel Washburn, Watson, Wheeler, Williams, Winslow,
