711
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February IT,
2. The Committee on Fub^f Buildings and Grounds.
3. The Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate.
4. The Committee on the Library.
5. The Committee on Engrossed Bills.
6. The Committee on Enrolled Bills.
The clerks of the Committees on Finance, Printing, and
Claims, shall be permanent clerks, at a salary of $1,860 per
annum.
The clerks employed by all the other committees shall
receive a compensation of six dollars per diem during the
time of their actual employment, and at the close of the
second session of each Congress shall be entitled to an
extra compensation, equal to the amount of their per diem
for sixty days.
I move the printing of the report, if it can be
done to-day. I shall move to take up the subject
to-morrow morifliig in the morning hour.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Is it in order to offer an
amendment, to be printed at the same time with
the proposed rule ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has not yet
been taken up. It is moved to print the report.
The motion was agreed to.
EXPLORATION OF THE NIGER.
Mr. TOOMBS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce inquire into
the expediency of exploring the river Niger, m Africa, and
report by bill or otherwise.
COLLECTIONS OF NATURAL HISTORY.
Mr. MALLORY submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent. and agreed to:
Resolved* That the Committee on the Library bo directed
to inquire into the expediency of prcseivmg the collections
of natural history made by the late purveying expedition to
Behnng's Stmius, and of publishing a brief analysis thereof.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SEWARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No.
599) further to amend "An act to provide for
the better security of the lives of passengers on
board of vessels propelled in whole or ai pait by
steam, and for other purpo&es;" which was road
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
FUNIS II ME NT OF CRIME.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I hope
the Senate will consent to take up a bill which
has been reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary. It has been drawn carefully, and it
is necessary to pass it, in order to send it to the
House of Representatives, it is the bill (S. No.
474) more effectually to provide for the punish-
ment of certain crimes against the United States,
and for other purposes. It is to unvmd a defect
in the criminal law. All that is necessary is to
get it passed here, and send it down to the other
House.
There being no objection, the Senate, as m
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It provides that if any person or per-
sona upon the high seas, or in any arm of the
sea, or in any river, haven, creek, basin, or hay,
•within the admiralty jurisdiction of the United
States, and out of the jurisdiction of any partic-
ular State, shall unlawfully and willfully, but
•without maliceaforemought, strike, stab, wound,
or shoot at any other person, of which striking',
Blabbing, wounding, or shooting such person shall
afterwaids die upon land, within or without the
United States,every peison so offending,and his
or her counselors, aiders, and abettors', shall he
deemed guilty of the crime of manslaughter; and
upon conviction thereof shall be punished as is
provided for in this bill. The second section pro-
vides that, in the same jurisdiction, an attempt
to commit the crime of murder or manslaughter,
by poisoning, drowning, or strangling another
person, or by any means not constituting the
olfense of an assault with a dangerous weapon,
such offender, upon conviction thereof, shall be '
punished by imprisonment, with or without hard
labor, for a period not exee^dmg three years, and
a fine not exceeding one thousand dollars, at the
discretion of the court; and the crime of man-
slaughter, as provided for by this act, and all
other acts heretofore passed, is to be punished by
imprisonment, with or without hard labor, for a
period not exceeding three years, and a fine not
exceeding one thousand dollars, at the discretion
of the court. All acts inconsistent with the pro-
visions of this act are to be repealed by this act;
but this repeal is not to affect any act done before,
or any prosecution pending at the time of the
passage of this act. All such acts are to be in-
dictable and punishable, and all such prosecutions
are to be proceeded with as the same would have
been indictable, and punishable, and proceeded
with, if this act had not been passed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
INTEROCEANIC CANAL.
On motion of Mr. BRODHEAD, the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution,
submitted by him yesterday:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to inquire into the expediency of authoii/cing the Secietaiy
of War and of the Navy, under direction of the President
ot the United States, to employ such officers of the Army
and Navy a* they may think pioper,tomake such exploia-
tioii and veufication of .several surveys already made for a
ship canal neat the Isthmus of Dancn, to connect the
waters ot the Pacific with the Atlantic by the Atrato and
Truanda rivers, in compliance with the suggestions con-
tamed m the memorial of the JBoaid ot Trade of Hip city of
Philadelphia, and the iettei of the Seeietaryof the Na'vv,
dated the 8ih of Aucust. and the letter ot the Secre-
tary of Wai, dated the 13th of August, 185G.
Mr. BRODHEAD. As this is only a resolution
of inquiry on a very important subject, referring
a very important question to the Committee on
Commerce, I presume there will be no objection
to its passage now. t could state, at some length,
the reasons why it should be adopted; but I Yor-
bcar to do so, because the sessionjs fast drawing
to a close. It refers the whole question, together
with the papers on the subject, to the Committee
on Commerce.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. BUODHEAD. 1 have here some letters
on the subject, which I beg leave to refer, with
the resolution, to the Committee on Commerce.
They were so referred.
EMPLOYMENT OF A MESSENGER.
Mr. FOOT. I offer the following resolution,
, and I ask for its present consideration:
; Rctohwd, That J'restcm Steirett he
, |iomt< d <i me -scnyet to the S«>n.ite. hi-. ;
' place from the 1st day of Februaiv, Jr,
| until othciwise ordeied by the Senate.
j lia>o!ccd further, That there be paid him out of the con-
1 lament fund of the Senate such sum as will make his pay
1 equal to that of the otiu'r me-^enrzeiw toi tin: time he has
. been performing the duties of mosen^ei.
i l will state that at the commencement of the
| last Congiess, the 1st of December, 1854, the
| kjei'geai)t-at-Arms appointed Mr. Sten'ett in the
! capacity of laborer; but he has been employed
from that time in charge of the south door of the
reporters" gallery, during the sittings of the Sen-
ate. In the morning, before the opening of the
session, and in the evening after its close, he has
been uniformly and at all times employed in
the foldmg-room as the messengers are, and also
during the recess of Congress. Having been,
during all this time, performing the mure of a
mes.senger, it would seem to be but just and right
that he should be paid the compensation of a
messenger. This is the whole of the case. Who
the Mr. Stcrrett named in the resolution is, and
what he is, I presume is known lo every mem-
ber of the body—a very worthy and faithful eni-
employe of this body. I hope the resolution will
pass.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
SWAMP LANDS.
Mr. STUART. There is an important public
bill on the Calendar which has been here some
time, and ought to be disposed of during the pres-
ent Congress. It originated here, and unless dis-
posed of very soon it will not be reached in the
House of Representatives. 1 allude to the bill to
confirm to the several States the swamp land se-
lections under a former act of Congress. A great
deal of difficulty has grown up in several of the
States on the subject; slid the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, on consultation with the Department,
matured a bill which is very short, and has been
inspected, I believe, by nearly every Senator
whose State is interested, and they are satisfied
with it. I move to take up that bill.
Sfhe motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consid
the bill (S. No. 110) for the relief of the pn
and hereby is ap
ppinntinont to take
and to continue
chasers of swamplands from the States in which
the same are situated. •
The bill was reported by the Committee on
Public Lands with an ametfflment? to strike out
all after the enacting clause, and insert a substi-
tute.
The provisions which the committee propose
to strike out are in these words:
That wheie the duly-constituted authorities of any State
shall have sold or disposed of any tiact or tracts of land
selected under the pro visions of the act of Congress ap-
proved September 28,1850, entitled " An act to enable the
State of Arkansas and other States to reclaim the swamp
lands within their limits," which have not been or shall
not be finally approved as such under said act, the holders
of certificates by purchase from &aid authonties of suck
State shall, on exhibiting the sa -ie to the register and re-
ceiver of the pioper local land office, have the exclusive
privilege of purchasing the lands fiom the United States, if
there be no valid interfering rights, or settlement and culti-
vation on the part of another party, existing at the date of
such application., at the same rates and on the same terms
and conditions as established by law for the sale and dis-
posal of the public lands of the United States, if applied
for within sixty days after the public notice which shall be
given by the register and receiver of the district in which
the lands arc situated, of the rejection of such selection:
Pronded, That this act shall only opeiate upon lands which
vveie subject to private entry at the time of their selection
by the State.
The substitute is as follows:
That the selections of swamp and overflowed lands
granted to the several States by the act of Congress approved
Septembei 28, 1850, entitled "An act to enable the State of
Arkansas and other States to reclaim the swamp lands
within thru limits,1' h^etofoie made and reported to the
Commissioner of the Genml Lund Office, so far as the
same shall temiun vacant and unappioprmted, and not in-
terteied with by an actual setileincniundei any exiting law
of the United States, bo, and the «amo are hereby, con-
filmed, and shall bo approved and patented to the said
several States, m confonnity with the jnovi^ions of the act
aforesaid, a* s oon as may he piacticnbjc after the passage
of thi-jlnw Pronded, houever, That nothing in this act
contained shall interfere with the provisions of the act of
Congress entitled "An act for the relief of purchasers unci
locator-* of swamp and ovei flowed lands," approved March
2,18.3.), which shall be, and is hereby, continued in force,
and extended to ail entries and locations of lands claimed
as .-wamp land > made binee its passage.
Mr. SL1DELL. I submit to the chairman of
the Committee on Public Lands, whether there is
not an unintentional omission in the amendment
j reported by the committee. ft does not include
; the lands granted to the State of Louisiana in
1848 or 1849. If 1 can get the date and title of
the act, I presume the Senator will not object
&to have it amended in that particular, so as to
I apply fo all cases. The chairman will recollect
' there are two acts by which swamp lauds are
granted to the State of Louisiana, one dated in
1849 and one in 3650, when Louisiana was in-
cluded in the grants of lands made to other States.
Mr. STUART. I was not aware of the fact
to which fh<> honorable Senator alludes; but i
will inquire of Jum whether a law passed at the
last session in regard to swamp lands in Lou-
isiana does not expressly cover everything con-
nected with it r
Mr. SLIDELL. I think not. I have no knowl-
; ed^e of any such law. There can be no possible
objection to the amendment. The act to which I
refer is of the date of the 2d of March, 18-19, and
it is to aid the State of Louisiana in draining the
swamp lands therein. Let us amend this amend-
ment by adding after the description of the other
act, after the word u limits,the words 4'and the
: act of the 2d of March, 1849, entitled s An act to
aid the State of Louisiana in draining the swamp
lands therein.' "
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment as amended was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
| and the amendments were concurred in. It was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
The title Was amended so as to read, " A bill to
coiijfirm to the sc veial States the swamp and over-
, flowed lands selected under the actof September
"18,1850, and the act of the 2d of March, 1849.**
DISPOSITION OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I gave notice the
! other day of my intention to ask leave to mtro-
! duce a bill. I now ask leave to introduce it, and
I shall accompany the introduction of it with
some explanatory remarks.
Leave was granted to introduce a bill (S. No.
601) to secure to all the States some greater meas-
ure of justice and equality in the distribution of
.the public lands and their i
.a twice by its title.
• proceeds; which was
