i. m.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, I wish to submit
some remarks in reference to the propriety of
having this bill printed and brought to the con-
sideration of the Senate without referring it to
any committee. No subject, in my opinion, be-
fore the Senate, can be considered as of much
greater importance than I think the provisions of
this bill will be found to be. The tenor and sub-
stance of it may be inferred from the title of the
bill, which has been read.
It proposes to do some measure of justice to
those States of the Union to which no grants of
public land have been made for the reason that
there were no public lands at the disposal of Con-
gress within those States. I think the time has
come when every gentleman will see the propri-
ety of doing something upon this subject. We
make large, liberal, and I think I might say in
some cases very extravagant, grants of public
lands to the land States, to aid in the construction
of railroads with very little consideration, and
sometimes with very little knowledge of the ob-
jects to which these lands are appropriated. As
an example I will mention that only a few days
ago, without any serious opposition, a bill passed
this body with the understanding, on my part
at least, that the amount appropriated to these
objects in the Territory of Minnesota did not ex-
ceed three millions of acres; but I have been since
informed upon what I consider very reliable au-
thority, that the minimum quantity granted by
that bill may probably be estimated at five mil-
lions of acres.
The bill that has just passed the Senate in re-
lation to the difficulties which have arisen under
the grant of swamp lands to the various land
States of the Union, exhibits, in some degree,
or will exhibit when considered in connection
with that subject, the propriety and justice of
doing something of the nature proposed by the
bill I have now introduced. I understand that
the quantity of swamp lands reported fortselec-
tion in the different States under that grant, made
some six years ago, amounts to about forty-two
millions of acres, thirty millions of which have
already received the approval of the Department.
I might state further upon the opinions and rep-
resentations of those who have examined the
subject more carefully than myself, that a very
large proportion of those selections made under
that grant, have been of lands as valuable as
most of the Mississippi bottom lands, or of the
other rivers upon which these swamp lands were
supposed to lie.
I wish to call the attention of the Senate to
some three or four additional statements with
regard to the quantities of lands granted hereto-
fore to what are called the land States. There
have been donations to individuals or settlers, and
for the support of schools and universities, to the
amount of forty millions five hundred thousand
acres, and grants for internal improvements of
various kinds, besides the five per centum allowed
to the land States on the sales of public lands, ten
millions of acres; grants for railroads, twenty
millions of acres by the estimate which I am en-
abled to make; of these, seventeen millions of acres
within the last four years; prior to that time three
millions twenty-five thousand acres; making, in
the whole, twenty millions sixty-one thousand
acres to aid the States in which the lands lie to
construct railroads.
" I do not propose any measure which can do
full justice to the old States. Indeed, all that it
is in our power to do, or which it is expedient to
do at all events, is to approximate towards justice
. in the enjoyment of the public domain by all the
States of the Union. Notwithstanding the large
amounts of grants I have named, and other grants
for internal improvements reaching to eighty or
ninety millions of acres, I propose for these grants
00 return or no adequate approximate grant to
|ttie States in which there are no public lands.
TPfiis bill takes into account simply the lands
granted to railroads and canals, taking no notice
or making no account of the swamp lands granted,
no account of any of the improvements for which
ten.million acres were granted at once, except to
canals and the improvement of rivers, for which
alternate sections were granted. That is the lim-
itation 6f-the special grants which have been made
to the land States, for which I propose some
adequate corresponding grant* to the remaining
States of the Union.
I wish further to state that it will be found in
the provisions of this bill, that no change is pro-
posed in the policy of this Government in making
liberal grants of public lands to the States in which
the public domain lies, for the purpose of aiding
in the construction of railroads and canals. I
leave that altogether untouched—I leave that pol-
icy to operate as heretofore, however beneficial it
may be to those States beyond anything enjoyed
by the other States. On this ground I trust I shall
meet with no opposition to this bill from the mem-
bers of the Senate representing the new States. It
proposes no limitation of that policy except such
limitation as Congress in its discretion ought to
impose under all circumstances. It affords no
ground for hostility on the part of the large pro-
portion of the members of the Senate who repre-
sent constituencies in the land States.
Again, sir, in framing some measure of justice
and equality to the other States, taking as the basis
the quantity of lands granted to the new States, I
do not propose that the actual value of the lands to
the new States shall be charged to them, but sim-
ply the minimum price of one dollar and twenty-
five cents; and upon that basis I attempt to do
some small measure of justice towards those
States which have received no grants of this de-
scription, but falling very far short of an equal
measure of distribution or proportion. I propose
no grants of land to any State in which there are
no public lands. This has always been objected
to by the new States, upon the ground that it was
unbecoming the dignity of any land State that
other States, co-sovereigns, co-members of the
Union, should be the proprietors or holders of a
portion of the public domain within their limits.
I concede, if not the entire validity of that ob-
jection, yet force enough to it to defeat any meas-
ure proposing such grants. In lieu of them, I
propose to pay over to the States, or to distribute
among the States who have received no portion
of the public domain in grants for internal im-
provements of any kind, a sufficient amount of
the proceeds of the sales of the public lands as will
make them all equal in respect to the enjoyment
of that property, as far as I consider expedient
and practicable to attempt such equality. Upon
that principle I assume, as a maximum beyond
which no State of the Union, not even the larg-
est, the State of New York, shall receive in money
value (estimating the lands at one dollar and
twenty-five cents"an acre) an amount equal to the
largest quantity of lands granted to any one State
or Territory. Then I regulate or adjust the claims
of the other States in the ratio of their respective
representations in the two Houses of Congress;
so that, when the provisions of the bill come to
be looked into and be understood, it will be found
to fall very far short of equal justice. It only
provides for distribution of such portion of the
proceeds of the sales of public lands as shall
come up to that maximum proposed to be granted
to the largest State in the Union, and allow no
State to receive any greater amount. With regard
to the particular States which have been most
favored by the appropriations of public lands, viz:
Iowa, Illinois, and Michigan, wo have no power
to reduce them to that standard of justice which
I propose for the other States. The grants have
been made to them 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair must
inform the Senator from Tennessee that the hour
of twelve o'clock has arrived, the time fixed for
the consideration of the special order, and it is
the duty of the Chair to call it up. The special
order for twelve o'clock is the bill (H. R. No.
782) to increase the pay of the officers of the
Army.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I ask that my bill
may be postponed until to-morrow morning.
The motion was agreed to.
PAY OF ARMY OFFICERS.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill (H. R. No. 782) to in-
crease the pay of the officers of the Army, which
provides that from and after the commencement
of the present fiscal year, the pay of each com-
missioned officer of the Army, including military
storekeepers, shall be increased twenty dollars
per month, and that the commutation price of offi-
cers' subsistence shall be thirty cents per ration.
It authorizes the Secretary of War, on the recom-
mendation of the council of administration, to
extend this additional pay to ahf person serving
as chaplain at any post of the Army.
The Committee on Military Affaire teported
the bill, with an amendment to adithe following
additional sections:
Sec. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That from and after the
passage of this act additional or double rations forcommand
are prohibited; and all laws contrary to the provisions of
sections of this law be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Sec. 4. And le it further enacted, That the words L< non-
commissioned officers, musicians, and privates,"in the first
section of the act entitled "An act to increase the pay of
the rank and file of the Army, and to encourage enlist-
ments," approved August 4, 1854, shall ha^nnstntPd to in-
clude all enlisted men of the Army of the United States.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to amend the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs, so as to carry out the object. I propose,
as a substitute for the third section originally re-
ported !>y the committee, the following:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That hereafter double
rations for command of posts garrisoned with troops are
prohibited; and all laws and regulations contrary to the
provisions of this act are hereby repealed.
Mr. RUSK. I trust the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs will explain the effect
of that amendment.
Mr. WELLER. The amendment is to pre-
vent cutting off the double rations allowed under
a special act to the Adjutant General and Quar-
termaster General, ana confine the reduction to.
those officers who command garrisoned posts.
Mr. IYERSON. The proposition before the
Senate, as I understand, is to abolish what are
called in the Army regulations double rations."
I hope it will not be adopted.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 beg leave to suggest to
the Senate whether it is proper for us to maka
these amendments to this bill. It is a bill pro-
viding increased pay to the Army officers — a
thing very much needed, as we all admit. I sub- '
mit to the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, whether, if we send back this bill to the
House of Representatives, we do not incur soma
hazard of its being lost? On Saturday morning
we were told, when the military road bills cama
from the House of Representatives, that if wa
amended them, they would not pass the Housa
of Representatives, but would be lost. Now,
sir, do we not run the same risk in regard to this
bill ? These amendments I should be quite will-
ing to adopt; but we can adopt them hereafter on
some other bill. I am desirous that the bill
should be passed without them. It seems to ma
that they arc not of sufficient importance for us
to hazard the bill on them. I am willing to taka
the bill as it came from the House of Represent-
atives.
Mr. WELLER. It will be utterly impossible *
for me to vote for this bill as it came from the
House of Representatives without making some
attempt to amend it. I know that many of those
who desire an increase of the pay of officers of
the Army desire that this provision should be
made on the Army appropriation bill; but this
bill, as passed by the House of Representatives,
will increase the expenses of the Government
between $600,000 and $700,000. I am unwilling
to give this extraordinary compensation to the
officers of the Army without at the same time
striking at what I consider a very great abuse in
the Army—I mean double rations. The direct
expense of the double ration under this bill would
only amount to something over $40,000; but I
am satisfied,from the examinations I have mada
at the quartermaster's department, that the allow-
ance of double rations increases the expense of
the quartermaster's department between $600,000
and $700,000 per annum. Although the direct
cost of the double ration is only about $40,000,
the increased expenses, in consequence of the es- •
tablishment of so many military posts, cannot be
less than $600,000 or $700,000. I desire to abol-
ish this practice. There is a very strong induce-
ment to keep up a military post long after the
| public uses require it, because the commandant
i of that post is (^rawing double rations. There
| is, therefore, a strong pecuniary inducement to
j remain at the post longer than the public interest
I demands. They are sometimes sent off into the
i frontier for the purpose of giving protection to a
settlement; and the settlement springs lip around
until they are sufficiently strong to defend and
protect themselves; but the military post remains
there because the officer , in command is drawing
double rations. I desir« .to abolish it. .
