•380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 17.
which the gentleman derives his information must
be mistaken, or there is no truth in arithmetic.
The fancied cases of generals commanding posts
do not exist. Generals command departments,
not posts. Their allowances are regulated in
rations and forage and everything else by spe-
cial rules applicable to the command of a depart-
-ment* What they are, I do not know. This
bill does not affect them otherwise than they are
indirectly affected by an increase of the commu-
tation price of the ration—that is all.
The longevity ration does not much apply to
most of the commanders of our posts; but do
gentlemen object to the longevity ration, as it is
called ? Do they not think that an officer who
-has stood by his colors through his lifetime, as
age advances upon him,as his rank is increased,
is entitled to something? Is an additional loaf
of bread to enter into the grave calculations of a
statesman as to his pay ? I would that God might
save them to live to double the ordinary age of
man, for the patriotism and valor they have dis-
played in the service of the country.
Mr. WELLER. X think I have a right to com-
plain that the Senator from Kentucky is placing
me in a false position before the Senate. I have
said nothing against the longevity or scrvice ra-
tion. That is a highly honorable ration. So fir
from taking it from officers entitled to it, I would
extend it to general officers also; they are now
excluded from the longevity ration. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky seems to assume that I have
•warred on the longevity ration, but I say that is
doing injustice to me. I am a friend of that
ration, and would extend rather than diminish
it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to do the gen-
tleman and his argument no unfairness; but against
•the allowance which this bill, as it came from the
House of Representatives, makes to an officer, he
derives an argument from the longevity ration.
Certainly I am correct in that, and that is all I
tended.
Mr. WELLER. That statement was simply
"made for the purpose of showing how much'the
officer-was receiving—with no other view.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I know that; but from
that, however, is derived an argument against
the allowance of double rations to the officer com-
manding a post. Is not that so ? I do not wish
to misunderstand the gentleman—far from it. I
know the liberality of his character and disposi-
tion, which I frankly acknowledge. He has been
furnished with the facts from the Departments or
other sources on which he relies. 1 am endeavor-
ing to meet them, and show the fallacy and weak-
ness of the arguments predicated upon them. If,
by chance, there should be an increase through the
means of longevity rations, that ought not to he
the foundation of an argument against the allow-
ance of double rations. The additional loaf which
is acquired b.y live years' service in the Army is
a small compensation for constancy and fidelity,
and ought not m any way or to any purpose to
be used as an argument against the officer who
receives it. That results from his age and length
of service, and is founded on a distinct consider-
ation altogether. If you arc to make some other
regulation by which you refuse himdouble rations
because he has acquired by length of service two
or three longevity rations, you in fact take away
those rations. In the case of a captain who has
served fifteen years, and is entitled to three lon-
gevity rations, you take away from him four
rations, because he has three longevity rations.
Is not that making an argument against them ?
Mr. President, this little Aimy of ours, much
as it may seem to cost us, is the most glorious little
Army that any oountry overbad on earth. It has
filled the world with your name; it has astonished
the world by its skill and gallantry; and such a
war as that with Mexico, where such few men
' wrought out such wonders, and made such con-
quests, is a pride and triumph to you throughout
the history of our countsy. I 'think they are
entitled to a libei al consideration at your hands.
We are not attempting to legislate merely out of
motives of liberality, but we are to see that they
are competently and well paid.
Some gentlemen are against extending the in-
crease of rations or double rations to officers of
high rank commanding posts, or increasing the
compensation of officers as high as the rank of
colonel. Why I These ranks are generally
obtained after long and arduous service upon small
pay; and is it not right—is it not a sound princi-
ple of policy, that the soldier should be urged on
by the hope of advancement in his profession,
with all the increases of pay and comforts which
attend it? Is it not sound policy to make it so ?
Certainly it is. We find that an old officer who
has served through two or three wars has got
more than we think is necessary to enable him to
live comfortably, ought we therefore to stint him
down ? Is he a sort of man that is to live and to
live only? Is he to have no hope for past or
future services to be able to lay up some little
modicum for a wife or a child who is to survive
him ? I do not see the injustice of this allowance
at all.
I am unwilling to attempt the innovation which
is proposed by the withdrawal of this system of
rations. Officers 'are in such various conditions
in the course of their service that we cannot do
justice by giving to each precisely the same sum.
Let it stand, then, as it has come down to us.
We are much abler now to pay it than we were
when it was originally established; and surely
none can be more deserving than those to whom
that payment is to be made. I want to give it to
them. 1 want itfor the younger portion, to enable
them to live like officers. I want it for the older,
to give them something to brighten their own
firesides when the necessities of the service enable
them to go there. I do not desire to keep them
poor and dependent in order to insure their ser-
vice. I want a nobler motive of service to animate
them—a confidence in their country—a confidence
that itwill do them justice, and compensate them
adequately, and in proportion to their service, and
in proportion to their advance in the service.
Those (ire iny notions of the proper policy that
ought to he taken into the consideration of the
arrangements and all the provisions made for our
Army.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I should not say
a word on this subject, Mr. President, but for the
fact that I am a member of the Committee on
Military Affairs, and find myself opposed both
to the r< pmt of the committee and the bill of the
House of Representatives. I am opposed to the
lull as it came from the House of Representatives;
and while 1 would prefer, and shall vote for, the
amendment offered by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, he will remember that
I voted against both m the committee.
The honorable .Senator from Kentucky speaks
eloquently and feelingly about the obligations wo
owe to the. little Army of the United States. I
feel those obligations as deeply as the honorably
Senator can feel them, and 1 think I appreciate
the Army as much as be appreciate:1; it. 33ut,sir,
I dn not feel that 1 am wanting in patriotism if I
endeavor, according to my construction of what is
best for that Army and for the country, to change
the character and the mode of payment.
The honorable Senator seems to think that
because of its age and antiquity we ought not to
disturb this system of compensation. If that be
a good argument, legislation is almost at an end.
Why did we change the mode of payment here
for ourselves ? That was very old; yet we thought
it best to change it; and wo are constantly making
changes. Why did we change the pay of the
officers of the Government in the Departments
here ? We have changed that; we have changed
the. pay of all the clerkships. There is scarcely
an officer under the Government whose pay has
not been changed within the last six or eight
years. Why should the Army be exempted from
this progiess, or this advancement, if you please,
or this enlightenment, as it may be? I desire not
to bo misunderstood. I am willing to pay the
officers of the Army liberally, generously, yea,
more so than any other branch of the Govern-
ment, with the exception of the Navy. I am
willing to pay them more liberally than either the
legislative, executive, or judicial departments of
the Government, because I think they are indis-
pensably necessary to the peace, to the safety,
and to the honor of the country, and they sacri-
fice more social comfort, and more hazards are
incurred by thorn than by any other officers of
the Government.
But, Mr. President, in the five or six years that
I have been connected with the military depart-
ment here, as one of the humblest members of
the Committee on Military^ffairs, I have given
to it some attention; and my experience of five or
six years is, that there is no branch of the service
that requires legislation so much as the Army.
If you will take up the records and examine them,
the most glaring cases of injustice and inequality
will be found on every page. Gefttlemen bearing
the same grade, gentlemen entitled to the same
honors,gentlemen entitled to the same pay proper,
vary from §2,600 to $3,900; and yet we are told
by the honorable Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Ivekson,} that it is monstrous to declare that
the idea of favoritism can exist in the Army.
Mr. President, favoritism exists everywhere, and
it exists in the Army as much as it exists in the
Legislature or in the Navy; and no man can take
up the Register and account for the inequalities in
the pay unless it is on the assumption that there
is favoritism. Tell me why Harney, who was
actually commanding an army, and braving the
Indians in the West, received $3,200, and a gen-
tleman of the same grade down here at your little
hospital,received $3,900? Howisit? It grows
out of the extra allowances in the Army for fuel
and quarters and rations and transportation.
A man is sent off' on an expedition; he is
ordered to Washington from New York; and
under the law he receives ten cents a mile, which
is upwards of twenty dollars, and he actually
pays seven dollars and a half. So it is with your
rations. I want the Senator from Kentucky or
any Senator to fix the highest amount of pay he
chooses to name. I am willing to go, I believe,
as far as be who is ready to go furthest; but I
insist that the pay shall be made equal and uni-
form according to grade.
If a colonel is entitled to $3,000, and you givo
him a service to perform, involving no higher
responsibility, why shall you give to another
who is ready to perform the same service, and
perhaps is performing a greater service, $2,GOO?
The allowance of rations is said to be a prin-
ciple of hospitality. What difference does it make
whether you givo the officer the money or the ra-
tions? They never receive their rations in kind.
They take the money, and buy what they want.
Why not, then, let us agree to fix a specific sal-
ary for every man in the Army, just as you fix
it tor other officers5 Why not say a major gen-
eral shall have six, eight, or ten thousand dollars
if you please, and that that shall be in full for all
his pay ? Then let him buy his rations—you have
given him the money to ao it. Let him buy his
iuel—you have given him the money to do that. I
venture to say that there is not a Senator here who
has not made it his business to go and investigate
the subject, who can tell the pay of a single officer
of the Army. You cannot tell unless you go to
the records, and you have to go to two or three
Departments to find out what particular head his
pay comes under, and, after a long struggle, you
may possibly, with some certainty, arrive at the
amount of pay the officer receives.
I shall vote for the amendment of the honor-
able chairman of the Military Committee, be-
cause I think it is an improvement on the bill;
but at the proper time I shall offer a substitute
for the whole bill, fixing the salary of every offi-
cer in the Army, beginning with your lieutenant
general, and your major generals, and going on
down to the end of the list; and if it be not large
enough for the patriotism of Senators, I say to
them, enlarge it. I begin with $12,500 to Lieu-
tenant General Scott. I give to the major gen-
erals, $8,000; and I go on down to the lieuten-
ants, increasing them all, but fixing a salary, and
saying that is the amount they are to receive,
and no more. Then we shall know what we are
paying them, and what they are getting; and you
will cut off all possible chance of favoritism in
assigning men to little posts on double rations,
and sending men oft' on quixotic expeditions,
with transportation here and there and every-
where. I would fix the salary, and give them no
more transportation than the Miual expense of
•traveling, and that only when me traveling was
done under order3.
It seems to me that no man can attack the jus-
tice of this proposition. I will go, I repeat, as
far as you want to go—as far as reason will carry
me; but I want to know what every officer does
get; I want every man that stands under our flag,
and fights under it, to fare equally and justly
according to his rank. At the proper time I shall
offer-this proposition in lieu of the whole bill.
