THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"THE"OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1857.
New Series.....No; 46.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, this is a sub-
ject to which I suppose all of us have given our
attention, and I have had very free conversations
in regard to it with officers of the Army. Believ-
ing, as I do, that the bill of the House of Repre-
sentatives has come to us under as high sanctions,
perhaps, as any that can be presented here by the
amendments of gentlemen who have indicated a
purpose to offer them, and believing that it has
come here with as much intelligence of design as
we are likely to impart to it by any of our amend-
ments, I shall vote for the bill as it is. Some of
the objections made by the honorable Senator
from Tennessee, and implied in the amendment
of my honorable friend from California, might,
if X had time to deliberate on them, receive my
sanction; but I am satisfied of one thing: that if
you intend to have professional pride, if you
intend to have professional science, if you intend
to have men who can pursue the profession of
arms, not as a mere mode of obtaining a living,
but as one that is to confer distinction upon them,
I am perfectly willing to place the higher grades
in such a way as to tempt officers of the lower
grades to continue in the Army until they can
reach the higher grades. What is the fact now ?
As we all know, intelligent young men in the
Army receive only eight or nine hundred dollars
a year—not as much as we give to our messen-
gers here. I do not say that for this pay they
are running the hazards of battle. Sir, they are
subject to greater privations. They are subject
to the privations of travel and the hardships of a
western frontier. The battle-field lias no terrors
for the military man who chooses to contend for
its laurels. If you intend to induce young men
to continue in the Army, you must do it by
offering, in some measure, a temptation to intel-
ligence. I understand that the intelligent young
men are quitting the Army, and the mere hangers-
on are willing to continue. You must increase
their pay, or we shall lose their services. _ When
gentlemen say the higher grades are getting too
much, I say to them, if you give the higher ranks
this compensation, it is one of the rewards of
honor, and I am perfectly willing that it shall
so continue, that the young men may remain in
the Army with a view to aspire to the higher
ranks.
The Senator from Tennessee says there is in-
equality in everything, favoritism in everything.
I am not sure but that it is right that it should be
so: I am not so sure that that is not one of the
best features of this bill. If you are to send a
representative abroad upon a perilous or honor-
able service, you will send a favorite of the Army,
a man who has won laurels upon the field, and
who has acquired a reputation of military science.
Are you to place him in such a position, and
mortify him for the want of the means of living? i
If for such a servicc you take the clever man, the
favorite, it is not a sign that he has not merits. |
I am not sure that others ought to get as much !
as the brave men who earn their reputation by
encountering the perils of their profession. I do
not think this horizontal idea of putting all on an
equality is right. If I were commander-in-chief,
I think I should make selections, and I should be
glad to select the meritorious man, and place him
where he would get more money than another
who did not deserve as much. I shall vote for
the bill as it has come to us from the House of
Representatives.
Mr. CRITTENDEN". Those who see no very
. great, no insuperable objections to the bill as it
came from the House of Representatives, and are
anxious to extend a more just compensation to
the officers of the Army, will, I am sure, feel the
necessity of voting against all these amendments.
They are comparatively trifling in their conse-
quences; but yet they have the fatal effect of
defeating this bill. Our sessions are limited; we
cannot go beyond a fixed time. We might be
willing to give the subject a further consideration,
and impose on the other House a further consid-
eration of it; but it must be plain, I think, to every
gentleman, that the time to which we are limited
46
affords but little opportunity of accomplishing
anything on this subject if we endeavor to add
new systems and new purposes to those contained
in the original bill.
1 go for the original bill. I go for remedying
the great ill and the great injustice which, accord-
ing to the present law, falls on the heads of most
of the officers of the Army. I do not think the
compensation given at the uttermost is any great
consideration. The bill does increase the pay
slightly. It does not increase the number of ra-
tions; they exist by law now. It only increases
the pay; and, instead of the expense of $700,000
that the gentleman from California was informed
it would produce—instead of the $65,000 which I
supposed it would produce, when you come to
consider it in fact, it is only an increase, not of
the number of rations, but of the commutation
price of those rations of ten cents each, which
would amount to $20,000. This is the whole evil
which gentlemen desire to correct; and for the
purpose of correcting it and preventing this small
item of expense, they are willing to oppose this
bill as it came from the House, and jeopard its
final passage. Sir, I am in favor of its passage
just as it is. Just as it is it corrects the greatest
evil; and I am for that now and not hereafter.
My friend from Tennessee desires that every
officer should be paid exactly according to his
rank. That cannot be. That would not be just;
for, of the officers of the same rank one may be
oil leave of absence, another may bo quietly
lying ill camp, and another may be in the utmost
depths of the wilderness, pursuing the enemies of
his country. Would it be equality to pay all
these alike"? We are equals here—our rank here
is the same; but are there any two of us who are
paid the same? No, sir: there are no two of us,
though equal in rank, and exactly equal in service
in contemplation of Jaw, who receive the same
compensation. Why so? Simply because we
travel unequal distances, and arc paid accordingly.
Now here is an example for the Senator from
Tennessee, m our own case.
Again, Mr. President, we are now thinking
over, and counting carefully, the compensation
of these old veterans of ours, advanced in rank.
We think they receive enough, and some mem-
bers say their pay ought to be diminished. Why,
sir, there is scarcely one of them that receives
as much as Senators on this floor for their hon-
orable, quiet, and dignified service here-—a life
attended with daily honors, rewarded with the
applause of their country. Men to whom medals
and swords are given for exposing their life in
their country's service, do not receive anything
like what some of us receive. I ask is that right?
If we look at the inequalities here, we shall be
less startled, I think, at the amount of compen-
sation which some of our officers receive.
This bill, if it passes in its present shape, is to
carry comfort and pcace, and I hope additional
plenty, into houses whose families are now look-
ing, with the deepest anxiety and interest, to the
proceedings of the Senate this day. It happened
to be my fortune to be in one ot those houses but
lately, where there were eight or nine children;
and the anxious inquiry was made by the mother,
"What prospect is there of this bill passing?"
It was an appeal that operates on me this day. It
is just, it is right, it is due to every sympathy of
our hearts and to all the justice that our country
owes to its faithful citizens, that we should pass
this bill, or some bill increasing their compensa-
tion. These children are little soldiers, who are
growing up hereafter to brave the enemies of their
country. Let them have the means of education
and comfort for their father's service. That is
my way, and it is the only way in which to pre-
serve a gallant and patriotic army, and such you
have. , .
The campaign of your little army in Mexico
is unparalleled in history. The retreat of the ten
thousand Greeks was not equal to it. It took
possession of a city of two hundred thousand in-
habitants, after a brief campaign, with ten thou-
sand men at the utmost. Marching from the sea-
coast, and entering the valley of Mexico with,
seven or eight thousand men, your Army went
in triumph, and took possession of a city of one
hundred and fifty or two hundred thousand people.
It is a marvel in warfare. This is ourlittle Army.
You educate them and prepare them for the pur-
pose. Only treat them with liberality, and treat
them with kindness, and we may be sure of such
service in all time to come. There is no such set
of officers in any army as we have.
I hope, Mr. President, that all the amendments
will be rejected; that all little reformations, some
of which really may be proper and necessary,
will be laid aside for the present, until we do jus-
tice to these men by paying them adequately; and
then, if there be in the administration of your mil-
itary department any errors or any abuses, let
them be corrected. I am for that, and 1 trust that
will be the course of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I feel some doubt myself about
the vote I am to give on this bill; and as I enter-
tain views probably with which nobody on thiw
iloor sympathizes, and I do not know that any-
body does in the country, I feel it due to myself
to say a word in explanation of my course.
For myself, if it rested with me, I would abol-
ish this whole Army which has been so_ much
vaunted and boasted of. I sympathize with the
founders and authors of the Constitution of my
own State, who have inscribed upon their Bill
of Rights that " standing armies are dangerous
to liberty." Such, sir, was the wisdom of the
framers of the constitution of my own State, and
such has been my reading of history—they are
dangerous to liberty. The standing army of this
country, which was said in the first place to be
a nucleus, has now got to be so large that the
expense of supporting it is vastly more than the
whole expense of the entire Government was a
little more than twenty yeare ago. It is going
on, constantly and continually increasing. I look
upon it, sir, as wrong, utterly wrong; and X think
it is the duty of Congress to take back steps, to
retrench and reform, and gradually go back where
the framers of the Constitution meant that we
should go without any standing army.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. You do not want to
starve them?
Mr. HALE. I will come to that directly. I
gather my view of the framers of the Constitution
of the United States, from these provisions of that
instrument. The Constitution of the United States
provides that Congress shall have power " to pro-
vide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the
militia;"and also, that they shall have power " to
raise and support armies, but no appropriation of
money to that use shall be for a longer term than
two years." It seems to me that the framers of
that instrument intended by these salutary provis-
ions to put a check on standing armies; but it is
| fashionable to say that oursisnota standing army.
) All history is full of the dangers of Btanding
i armies. Every writer who has written in regard
i to republics holds up this warning. We go on,
I treading in the footsteps on which every other
republic that has existed in the tide of time has
met with fatal shipwreck, and we blind our eyes
and say it is only a little nucleus. It is a nucleus
so strong that it has before now controlled the
destinies of this country. Young as I am, and
so short as has been my public life, I have seen
the army nominate a President of the United
States and elect him; and, sir, I think I should be
doing no violence to history if I were to say that
the specimen of a President we no w have—-I will
not say a word against him—I will leave him to
speak for himself—such as he is, owes his posi-
tion to his connection with tins standing army of
ours. ,
I believe that it is the duty of Congress to take
retrogressive steps, and, instead of enlarging ana
increasing this Army, to diminish it, and exist,
as the States exist, without a standing &?my.
We have none in New Hampshire, i suppose
there is none in Kentucky, and I suppose she is
infinitely better off without it  I ociicv$ your
State, the State of Virginia, is the-only State that
