728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
to* pay five dollars a bushel for corn, and where
the cost of transporting supplies to them is most
extravagant. I would abolish them; but I cannot
get rid of them, in my judgment, in any other
way than by abolishing double rations. That I
have insisted on before.
Now, I wish it distinctly understood that I am
in'favorof increasing the pay of the Army officers.
iN'o Senator on this floor entertains a higher '
opinion of them than I do. I have been asso-
ciated with them in scenes of trial and danger;
and no one in the Senate, I am sure, more highly
appreciates the distinguished services they have
rendered to the country, and no one here is more
willing to increase their compensation than I am;
but I desire to get rid of this abuse. The prop-
osition is simply to abolish double rations in all
cases except such as the President of the United
States may deem proper for their allowance.
Mr. RUSK. I disagree enthely with the hon-
orable Senator from California as to its being an
abuse; and the amendment now offered is vastly
more objectionable to my mind, and more abuses
■will grow up under it than under the original
amendment to abolish double rations entirely.
This amendment proposes to abolish them except
so far as the President may deem it necessary to
allow them. What is to be the result of that?
To open the door to applications, political and per-
sonal, and constantannoyances for the President.
It may result in favoritism from ignorance, not
from a disposition to do injury in allowing double
rations at posts under his eye, where lie knows the
facts, and disallowing them at other points where
he does not know the facts.
I differ entirely with the Senator from California
in regard to these posts. Discontinue your posts
on the overland route to California, and how will
you get any emigration to that country by land
across the country? lie soya he would march
a regiment of men with a parcel of emigrants.
They are discordant materials to march together, j
Any man of experience knows they are discord- !
ant. Talk about saving an expense by abolish- '
jng posts and marching troops each year! Let!
the calculation he made, and the increase of e\'- j
pense wiil be seen 10 be on the other side. Hy j
the establishment of these posts yon settle the !
country, you give protection, you give n resting -
place to emigrants, you inviie settlements, and |
those settlements around the posts aid in preserv- |
ing peace. I
Mr. WALLER. I can show my friend from :
Texas, 1 think, military posts kept up at a great
expense for years, wheie there is no settlement
for fifty miles.
Mr. RUSK. That maybe true, because they
may be too far out; but yet they may be on an !
emigrant loutc. Is the Senator going to get clear !
of that by the abandonment of the double ration ?
Clearly not. it will not be a diop in tin; bucket ,
with regard to the establishment of these posts j
X do not think it is creditable to the Secrotai v of
War or to the President now to use the argument
that they have established these posts for the mere
little pittance of double rations.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator has no authority .
for saying that the Presidentand Secretary of War !
have done any such thing. I have no authority
to speak for the President oi Secretary of War. i
Mr. HUSK. But the urgumept proceeds on J
the ground that the posts are established for this
purpose,as a matter of course, because the Pros- '
idem and Secretary of War are ignorant of where |
they ought to be? and perhaps interested inform- ;
ation has been given to them for their establish- ,
menl at wrong places. Thatmay bo so, has been |
so, and will be so; but that is not chargeable to '
the system of double rations.
JNoris the ehbtional expense oftransportation, ,
amounting to reven or eight hundred thousand '
dollais, at ail charitable on the double rations. ;
Abandon the double-ration system, and von will
not reduce the expense of transportation adolktr, 1
if I understand the question. They do not take ■
the rations m ki#3, they take the commutation; '
and wiU it mcieas-j your transportation to pay ,
them thirty cents a ration ; I cannot see it. It ;
is a sort of reasoning which I do r.ot understand i
at oil. I think it i^ a good allowance, so far as I j
have been able to see itsi operation; and I have
aeon something of the operation of this double
ration in imposition upon officers at distant posts.
1 have been far out br-yond the settlements, at
military posts, and I have seen a perishing family j
brought in, and supported for a week or ten days, j
and set out and started on their journey , by a mil- j
itary officer m command of a post, which would j
perhaps consume his rations for six months. I j
have seen a wounded man, who was shot by
the Indians, brought in, and supported with his
family; I left him there, and I have no doubt he
remained there for months. It is not a very com-
fortable place to be stationed, away outside of
civilization, to watch the Indians. If we go to
save §40,000 in one item (for that is ail the argu-
ment) I think we can find about tlus city sinecure
places enough on which to save double that sum,
instead of pursuing down the man who is sent,
with his family, beyond the limits of civiliza-
tion. The argument, it strikes me, amounts to
nothing.
I know another argument has been incidentally
alluded to about the additional allowance this bill
gives to General Scott As I understand it, it
does not affect General Scott at all, except to give
him an additional allowance of $240 a year on his
salary, and an increase of fifty per cent, on his
rations fixed by law. He does not receive double
rations. His rations are fixed by law. Pie does
not come in for double rations,and all the increase
is on his pay and the commutation price of the
ration. It Rtands precisely the same increase
under the bill from the House of Representatives
as under the amendments of the Military Com-
mittee.
Under all the circumstances, m my opinion,
even if this were an abuse, the Senate ought to
look into it before undertaking to remedy it m this
way, because we have committed greater abuses
by hurried legislation of this description; but if
it is so we ought not to hazard the bill on a sup-
posed abuse. In fact, 1 shall vote against it on
deliberation, unless better convinced.
Mr. WALLER. 1 do not desire to prolong
the debate; but the Senator from TeN^s differs
with me as to the propiiety of continuing a mul-
titude of military posts scattered ov< c our fron-
t ier. Th.it is a question of public policy on which
Senator* may well d:lier m opinion 1 do not
think th-e Senntorlrom Tex.is or mv:-elf, although
somewhat front ier men. who h ive b< en at unhtaiy
posts, aie alone competent to determine it. In
other words, with all lite practical knowledge
that mv friend fiotn Texas has acquired, 1 would
rather take the opinion of the head of a Depart-
ment having charge of this particular business
as to the amount of expense inemred in conse-
(jueiKe of double unions, time take his. I hope
the Senator from Texas will not tuKe that un-
kindly.
Mr. RUSK. Not at all.
Mr. WKLLFM. I should
iho has madi
pi
the
opinion oi (
unnei>,tand that, to the o|
the mulutude of other en
very little attention lo it.
ier taking
\de it his business to
niou of one who, in
a^enlents, has given
i doubt not that the
Senator from Tcx.k has witnessed the scenes
u hi< h he i epi*' sents—that he has seen whole fam-
ilies brought into these post.? and relieved; but I
ventuieto say, if lie had looked into the expense
of supporting those tanulies, he would have found
thut it fell equally on the subordinate officers with
the coimn ludant. 1 have «cen at San Ok go large
quantities of rations issued to emigrants, but I
never heaol that they eatne out of the double
rations of*he commandant of the pest. There is
a regulation on these distant-posts which author-
izes the commanders of military posts to furnish
rations to persons in need of them, to emigrants
whd were passing, though at the cost of the lation
if they have money; but without money, and
wiihoat puce, if they are poor and penniless, as
my tnend represents that the family was whom
he saw at the military pobt of which he speaks.
1 have been out on the frontier; and the expense
of mam tain me; strangers and visitors did not come
at ail out of tiie double rations of commanders*,
but fell equally on the officers associated together
m the mess.
i agree with the Senator that it is hard service
to place a man on the extreme frontier, beyond
the limits of civilization, surrounded by Indians,
with only seventy-five or one hundred men under
his command, with large bands of Indian war-
riors around him. It is no desirable place for an
officer; but they are the worst paid officers in the
Army. There are a great many Army officers
here, more in my judgment than the service de-
mands, and we have a striking illustration of the
effect that can be produced by their importuni-
ties, and no man has been more importuned than
I have been. I say no man has been more im-
portuned to take this bill as it came from the
House of Representatives than I have been; but
a high sense of public duty required that i should
offer this amendment, and I did not choose to
yield to those importunities.
The Senator from Texas says there will be an
abuse of this delicate power which I propose to
invest in the President—a delicate power to in-
vestin the constitutional commander of the Army
—the right of determining at what military post*
double rations shall be allowed. Wiil my friend
from Texas say this abuse can be continued be-
cause it would be a delicate power to place in the
hands of the President? Is he willing, by voting
against this amendment, to say that the com-
mander-in-chief of your Army shall not decide
where double rations are to be allowed to the com-
mandants ? There is the whole question.
1 have said it was an abuse. My friend from
Texas contradicts me. 1 have said from all the
information I can get from the proper Department
it superacids an expense of $600,000 or $700,000
a year. lie adds another hundred thousand, and
makes it$800,000. I only said between £600,000
and $700,000, although gentlemen much better
acquainted with it than myself put it at a million;
but I took it at the lowest estimate given to me
by gentlemen who ought to know.
The whole question, then, is this: will the Pres-
ident of the United States abuse this power? My
fiiend from Texas fears that he will. I am will-
ing to trust him. 1 am willing that the com-
mander-in-chief of your Armv underthe Constitu-
tion shall determine at what posts double lauons
shall bo allowed; and my word for if, if that
power be vested in any President whom either
the Senator or myself is apt to vote for, there is
no danger that he cannot discriminat' between
the important and unimportant posts. There are
a vast number of posts in Texas that in my judg-
ment are unnecessary; but I do not wish to pro-
voke my friend on the nieiits of those posts. I
think many of them arc too elose together. You
gi ve a beutenant command of a post in order that
he may draw eight rations instead of four. These
posts are continued there much longer than they
oucht to be; but I will not prolong the debate.
The Senate can dispose of the matter as they
please; I have no pride m regaid to it. If the
Senate are unwilling to agree to any amendment,
but wish to pass the hill as it came from the
[loiioc of Representatives, I am sure I have no
cause to complain.
Mr. ADAMS. It is not my purpose to con-
tinue the debate. I only wish to say, that I sha._
vote for the amendment proposed by the com-
mittee—not that I like it as amended by the chair-
man: I prefer it as reported by the committee.
I shall then vote for the amendment suggested
by the Senator from Tennessee, liking that prop-
osition greatly better than either of the others.
I think it is a little stiange that the statement
of the Senator fiom California should have been
so misapprehended and misunderstood by Sena-
tors on this floor. I understand him to say that
the point nowunderconsideration—that of double
rations to officers in command of posts —results
in its consequences m the enormous expenditure
of between six and seven hundred thousand dol-
lars a year. The Senator explained, as I think
very clearly and satisfactorily, why the Secretary
of War had come to that conclusion. It results
from the frailty of human nature. An officer is in
command of a post,and is leceiving double rations,
which are an indirect payment for his services.
The Secretory of War has control of those points,
and he must rely on the commandant for inform-
ation as to what time it becomes proper that the
post should be discontinued, and the very great
exnense of keeping it up stopped; and in conse-
quence of this interest, the Senator says there is
an incidental and necessary expense to the Gov-
ernment of between six and seven hundred thou-
sand dollars. That is all he said; and yet every
argument in reply to him has been as to the exact
amount of the commutation of double rations.
The Senator has never made such a proposition.
1 I am perfectly willing to increase the pay of
1 Army officers to as great an extent ay a majority
