728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
attempting to obviate. I place his pay at $12,500 j
 an increase over the actual receipt of last year, j
Then I come to the major general. What did .
General Wool receive last year ? Seven thousand j
eight hundred and twelve dollars. I put the fixed '
pay at §7,000. Why? Because the very next
general—General Twiggs—received $3,232. Gen-
eral Wool received nearly $8,000, and General
Twiggs $3,232. I fix the pay of major general j
at $7,000. I then come down to brigadier general,
and fix the pay at $6,000. That is something
above the aggregate average of the pay of that
grade; and so on down through the whole list.
The chief increase, however, will be found in the
lower grades. I think the evil in the Army is to
be found in the bad pay of the lower grades, from
major down, and the increase, therefore, is chiefly
on them—captains, and first and second lieuten- !
ants. I offer the amendment. The Senate may
dispose of it as they please. I move it as a sub-
stitute for the whole bill after the enacting clause:
That the pay, rations, allowances, and other emoluments
of the commissioned officers of the Aimy, as authorized by
the existing laws and regulations, (except traveling ex-
penses when under orders, which shall be paid at the actual
cost thereof,) shall under no circumstances exceed the fol-
lowing amounts, respectively: Brevet lieutenant general,
J$12,5U0; major general, $7,000; bimadiergerieial,^t,000;
colonel, $4,000; lieutenant colonel,.'$3,500; major, ,^3,000 ;
captain, $2,500; lieutenant, $1,g6i>; captain of eavaliy,
$2,500; lieutenant of cavalry, $'1,700.
JUrtUlcry oul Infant) y.—-Colonel. $4,000 ; lieutenant rol-
onel, §3,300 ; major, £3,000 ; captain.§2,200; hist lieuten-
ant, §1,600; second and brevet lieutenants <"$1,400; pax-
master general, $4,000; deputy paymaster general, ) 3.:iU0;
paymasters, $3,000 ; surgeon goneial, $-4,000 ; surgeons of
the first class, (173,) $4,000; smrceoiw of'the second class
(149,) §3,000 ; surgeons of the third ola--^, (125,) .^2,000;
eurgeons of the fourth class, (18.2,) &2.000, &uigeonh of the
fifth class, (85,) .f}2,000.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be il. further enacted, Thatmilitaiy store- i
Keepers whose palaiy is now $1,250 >hall hereaher receive !
,*$1,500 per annum each, with the tu<4 and quaiteis of a cap- '
taiu of the Army; those whose pahiry is now $800 t-hall ;
hereafter receive §1,QU0, with the quarters and iuel of a '
licutenivntof the Artnv, and that the master firmoiiMs .u the i
national armories shall iceetve ><1,500 each, the pnueipil i
clerk at eaeh of the.-e annouosfr 1,200 per annum, and cam
of the other eleiks $1 ,100 per annum.
Mr. COLLAMER. If I umlerotimd the <re - !
tleman, ho desires to increase the ])ay of inferior
officers. Docs his amendment increase the pay
at alii5
Air. JONES, c-f Tennessee. Yes, sir. :
Mr. COLL A MRU. I do not understand it so. '
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It iin-reaMes veiy :
materially the pay of lieutenants and captain*. \ :
believe mo?Jt of the lieutenants are reviving about '
eleven hundred dollars. 1 l>«dievo the average is '
something like eleven or twelve hundred dollars.
Mr. O'HiLAMfOK. 1 understand from the
reading of tins paper, tor we li:uu not had it
printed,that it does nor propose to <;ive th'Mn any-
thing It only provides that their pay shall not
exceed so much, 'tut it does not propoi-e to give
them anything.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If ih" evntlemnn
wishes it to go up to that point lie '\ui f \ it ab-
solutely. I endeavored to mnfonn to the wi-^i
of othcjs. The amendment is open to amend
ment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I>ut the point is, dons it
give them increased pay?
Mr. JOiNES, of Tcuni'HM'c. 1 would fix it so,
but other Senators wit-died a margin Jeff. The
Senator can move hia amendments.
Mr. COLLA.MRH. 1 do not inquire a^ to any
amendments, but as to the present standing of
this amendment; does it dveany hierensr ofpav
stall?
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. ] intended it to he
in its present word*, Some who agreed with me
in prjnciole insisted that it should not he made ab-
solute. 1-K hnufed. No ofirei (\m go beyond this.
Mr. COLL A AlLR. BuS.it docs not provide :
for goin<? nn to it.
Wr. Jt)N rS, of Tenncs;-f>, Then I will mod-
ify the amenJm'mt so as to strike out the words
" shall under no circumstances exceed the follow-
ing amounts,5\uh1 insert " shall be as follows."
Mr, PCGH ^pl"d for tlx1 yeas and nays: and
they were ordered; and bring taken, resulted—
yeas 17, nays 31; as follows:
V'EAS—Adnm.-i, Allen, ('lav, Kitch, Pitzpaiiiek,
llantci, Jchn^Oii, Jones of Ma^-nti. Fusrh. £«'has- ,
tun, riiidel), Toonih-,, Touce\ , Trurnhull, Wade, and Wei- '
tar—17.
NWYS—Me^r?. !'«-<! of New H.i'op.Jnie, 13 fll of Ten-
n ".-5Pv>. Benri'U'n. Cijlcr, Fir' dliy'id. Poo^n, Purler, Cass,
Coilaai^r.r.ttend^!', Evan-*"1 F^af mien i.-Y-h,root,
Foster, Green, Gwin, Houston, Iverson, James, Mallory,
Nourse, Reid, Rusk, Seward, Stuart, 'Thomson of New
Jersey, WiUon, Wright, and Yulee—3J.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HUNTER. I see that there is a fixed
determination in the Senate to allow no amend-
ment to this bill, and therefore 1 shall not offer
mine. I wish simply to say that I would have
voted for the bill as it came from the House of
Representatives if limited by a maximum, so as
to make it certain that no officer should get over
a certain amount; but it is not the pleasure of the
Senate to do it, and I am not disposed to waste
time.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ENROLLED "BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills;
which thereupon received the signature of the
President pro tempore:
An act for the relief of the officers and privates
of the Clinton Guards, of the county of Macomb,
in the State of Michigan;
An act for the relief of Dr. James Morrow;
and
An act for the relief of William Craig.
EFFICIENCY OF THE ARMY.
Mr. WELLER. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
57:2) to increase the efficiency of the Army by
retiring disabled officers.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand the effect of
taking that hill up and adjourning on it will be to
give it precedence to-morrow, i am not willing
to do that, and I hope the Senate will not do it.
Mr. ADAMS. And therefoie I move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. WELLER. I d^nire to have the bill taken
up now, that it may come up to-morrow as the
unfuusln d business.
Air. i'kJLElL I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. WELLKH. } low can the motion to ad-
journ be made while 1 am on the floor? I snid 1
hoped rhe S'en:i(e would proe.-ed to the consider-
ation of ihat bill. Ti contain? some provisions
d life rent from the one presented at the last session
of Congrohs. It contains a clause of this sort,
that whenever an officer is reported to the Presi-
dent ns disabled, ho may order a court-martial,
and have h<rn legul.uly fried und^r tlm rules and
regulations of the Awuy now m foice, and that
no officer :dtul! everb''1 dropped from the Army
otherwise than by a fair trud. it is voluntary,
and allows the officer to go and make application
for a heauns:, and therefore m.ikt s retirement hon-
orable. I hope the Senate will take it up.
.Mi.HU NTER. 1 ! hou;;ht there was a motion
j to adjoin n mad".
, The Pitl^SlDnXT pvn icmporC, The motion
! of (be Senator from < 'aiii'oi oia i* before the Sen-
I ate.
i Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Senate ad-
' jouro.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOCSiu OK RE!TvLSENTA'FlVLS.
] TrnM>AY, February 17, 1\C)7.
I The I louse mi t at cloven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
! by the Chaplain of the Senate, Rcv.S.P. Hill.
| CALL OF TI1E HOUSE,
i Mr. ALLEN". Tlu.re is evidently no quorum
| present, and I move that there bo a call of the
\ i louse.
i The motion was agreed to.
- The roll was called, when the following meni-
i b*us failed to answer to their names:
: "I'ssrh KnreU). Haik-dnfe. Hell, !Icnd!f\v^. Bennett,
j n;hua>ar*!, l ijj^h.\iu. i>je-, Jjocuok, ikuoe, JJume'lt,
' ?,mie~ II.' 'rmipbe!!, Riyaid Clm\(\ Uowel! Cobb, Covodc,
! rullen, Danneil, D;ividVon. Henry Winter Davis, Jacob C.
! JJavw, Ihck, Dick?on, DowdelJ, Ediminrt^on. Elliott, Em-
j no, Enyhah, t-'higioi, rinrenco. Henry >1. Fuller,
! Galloway, tiarnett, (ij{{diii^<,Giil)o:t, Augustus Hall, Samp-
I son VV. II,irrw. Thomas i. Jinrrn. fFnrri^on, lleihert, Hick-
I man, Iloitmuii, Valentino B. Honon, J. Glancy Jone?,
j Kent. K«'l«jy, Kennott, Kidwoll, Kaukel, fandley, Lump-
; lan, McOmy, Psrnth Miller, .Mordoesi Oliver, Orr, Packer,
| Peck, I'ettn, Phelps, Porto!, Purviance, Reade, Ritchie,
; ilobt rt?, P'lr't,Sjip**, Seward, 8hoiter, Wil-
• ham R. Smith, Stephens, Taj'lor, Tnppc, Underwood,Valk,
Warner, Watkins, Watson, Welch, Winslow, Daniel B.
Wright, John V. VVright, and Zolhcofier.
A quorum being now present, on motion of
Mr. Sapp all further proceedings m the call were
dispensed with.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and
approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had passed a resolution (S. No.
52) to return to the land office at Yincennes,
Indiana, certain deeds transmitted to the General
Land Office by the board of commissioners, ap-
pointed under the u Act to ascertain and adjust
the titles to certain lands in the State of Indiana,"
approved July 27,1856; in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, the following bills of the House:
An act (No. 240) for the relief of the officers
and privates of the Clinton Guards, of the county
of Macomb, in the State of Michigan;
An act (No. 388) for the relief of Dr. James
Morrow; and
An act (No. 480) for the relief of William
Craig.
SUBMARINE TELEGRAPH.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I call up for consideration the motion which
was entered a few days since, to reconsider the
vote by which the bill to expedite telegraphic
communication for the uses of the Government in
its foreign intercourse, was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. "WALKER. Will the gentleman from
New York allow me to enter a motion to recon-
sider ?
Mr. WAKEMAN. I have no objection.
Mr. WALKER. I desire to have entered a
motion to reconsider the vote by which the House
yesterday referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state nf the Union, Senate bill (No. 411)
for the continuation of the improvement of the
harbor of Mobile.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I believe that bill
makes an appropriation, and it will have to be
considered first in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER, It will have to be so consid-
ered unless the House suspend its rules, so as to
dispense with that necessity,
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEE ON PRINTING.
Mr. N ICHOLS. %sL desire to submit two or
three reports from tncCommittee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. That is a privileged matter,
and is in older.
Mr. NICHOLS thereupon, from the Commit-
tee on Printing, made an adverse report upon the
petition of the officers and members of the Acad-
emy of Sciences of Cleveland, Ohio, for the pub-
lication, under the authority of Congress, of the
discoveries, &c., of the North Pacific exploring
expedition; which was laid upon the table.
Mr. N. also, from the Committee on Printing,
on the partof the House, to whom it was referred
to inquire, into the expediency of printing one
thousand extra copies of the annual report of the
Director of the Mint, reported that the cost per
copy of said report will be two cents, and sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was agreed
to:
7?esyZee/, That there he juntod, for the ir-o of the Di-
rector of the Mint, one thousand copies of said report.
Mr. N. also, from the same committee,to whom
it w?s referred to inquire into the expediency of
printing extra copies of the mechanical report of
ilie Commissioner of Patents for the year 1856,
reported that the cost per copy of said report will
be 20, and submitted the following resolution,
upon which he called the previous question:
Resolved, That lher« be printed of the mochanieal por-
tion of the Patent Office rrpoit for 3S,w. sixty thousand
copies; fifty thousand for the use oi the House, and ten
thuiisand for the use of the Patent Olfice.
Mr. SAGE. I desire to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing, what is the
usual number of these reports that is printed?
Mr. NICHOLS. That is the number that has
been printed for the last two sessions.
The previous question was seconded, and the
