1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
main question ordered; and under itsljperation,
the resolution was agreed to.
PUBLrC LANDS.
Mr. CARLILE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to allow me to offer the following
resolution, to which there will be no objection:
Resolved, That the draughtsman of the House of Repre-
sentatives be requested to prepare and lay before Congress
at its next session, a tabular statement of the disposition of
tbe public lands up to the 30th of June, 1857, in the several
land States and Territories, showing—1. The area of land
States and Territories, exclusive of water, in square miles
and acres. 2. Number of acres surveyed «p to June 30,
1857. 3. Number of acres unsurveyed on June 30,1857,
4. Number of acres offered for sale up to June 30,1857. 5.
Number of acres sold up to June 30,1857. 6. Donations
and grants for schools, universities, &.c. 7. Grants for deaf
and dumb asylums. 8. Grants for internal improvements.
9. Grants for individuals and companies. 10. Grants for
seats of government and public buildings. 11. Grants for
militaryservices. 12. Reserved for salines. 13. Reserved
for benefit of Indians. 14. Confirmed private land claims.
15. Reserved for companies, individuals, and corporations.
16. Swamp land granted to States. 17. Railroad grants.
18. Total of unsold and unappropriated of offered and un-
offered lands on June 30, 1857. And the better to enable
the said draughtsman to prepaic the statement desired, the
Commissioner of the Land Office is requested to afford him
the facilities in his office.
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall object to that resolu-
tion in its present shape. It is very unusual—I
believe there is no such case to be found—for Con-
gress to call upon a clerk in a Department to fur-
nish us with information which should properly-
come from the head of the Department. The
Secretary of the Interior is the person to be called
upon.
Mr. CARLILE. Well, I have no objection to
let the resolution be altered in that way. The
Clerk will substitute " the Secretary of the Inte-
rior" for "the draughtsman of the House of Rep-
resentatives."
The resolution was altered accordingly; and
there being no objection, it was agreed to.
SUBMARINE TELEGRAPH.
The question recurred on Mr. Barbour's mo-
tion to reconsider the vote whereby the act (S.
No. 493) to expedite telegraph communication
for the uses of the Government in its foreign in-
tercourse, was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. WAKEMAN. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the motion to reconsider
should prevail, would it be in order to amend the
bill? I desire to vote for it, but I cannot do so in
its present shape. I cannot agree that our Gov-
ernment should be bound by any contract with
any private incorporated company for fifty years;
and the amendment I desire to offer will reserve
the power to Congress to determine the proposed
contract after ten years.
The SPEAKER. If the motion to reconsider
prevail, the bill will be brought before the House,
and will be open to amendment.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire'to make an in-
quiry of the Chair. I understand the question to
be on the motion to reconsider the vote whereby
this bill was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. If it be reconsidered,
that would^ I suppose, prevent the bill from going
to the committee at all. It has not yet been be-
fore that committee.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to make
an inquiry of the Chair. I understand 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. The
Chair cannot admit debate.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, what will
be the effect of laying the motion to reconsider on
the table? I move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I desire to know
whether, if the motion to reconsider prevail, the
previous question is not pending on this bill, and
will not cut off amendments?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the gentleman from New York has withdrawn
the call for the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I more that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the motion is not in order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No one has re-
sponded to the call of the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. No response has been given,
and the motion is in order.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I desire to ask whether
the previous question has not been called on the
passage of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. The House is not attending
to that matter at this time.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I asked the Chair,
very courteously, a question.
The question was taken on Mr. Smith's mo-
tion; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Is it in order now to
ask a question of the Chair?
The SPEAKER. If the question be one of
order it is in order.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I ask the Chair for
information, whether the previous question has
not been ordered on the passage of the bill?
The SPEAKER. The previous question was
ordered on its passage.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. What I want to know
now is, would it be in order at all to-day to move
to reconsider the order of the House requiring
the previous question?
The SPEAKER. The House having agreed
to the motion to refer the bill to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, the previous
question and all questions pending on that motion
are exhausted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I should like to
submit a question. The main question was or-
dered, not on the reference of the bill, but on its
engrossment; and if it comes back here, does it
not come back under the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide other-
wise if the question be raised.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The main ques-
tion was ordered 
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands very
well. The main question was ordered on the pas-
sage of the bill, but the House having disposed
of the bill, the previous question is exhausted
precisely the same as if the bill were laid on the
table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Was it exhausted
when the House refused to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union?
The SPEAKER. If the House had refused
to refer the bill it would have been brought to a
direct vote on the bill itself.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Jones, of Tennessee; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 77, nays 114; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Akers, Allen, Ball, fiarksdale, Bell,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bowie, Branch, Burnett, John P.
Campbell, Carlile, Caruthers, Caskie, Chngman, William-
son R. W. Cobb, Cox, Ciaige,Crawford, Cullen, Cumback,
Damreli, Davidson, Jacob C. Davis, Day, Denver, Dowdell,
Dunn, Edmundson, Elliott, Etheridge, Faulkner, Florence,
Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall. Harlan, Harrison,
Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, Lake, Leiter, Letcher,
Lumpkin, Mace, Maxwell, McMulhn, McQueen, Smith
Miller, Millson, Nichols, Mordeeai Oliver, Paine, Peck,
Pettlt, Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Ruflin, Rust, Sandidge,
Savage, Shorter, William Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed,
Stewart,Talbott, Taylor, Thurston.Todd, Underwood,Vail,
Walker, Watkuis, Winslow, and Daniel B. Wright—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, AJU^on, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton,
Broom, Buffinton, Builingame, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaf-
fee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, dawson, Colfax, Comins,
Covode, Cragm, Timothy Davis, Dean, De Witt, Dick,
Dickson. Dodd, Durfee, Edwards. Emrie, Flagler, Foster,
Henry M.' Fuller, Thomas J. 0. Fuller, GUbeit, Granger,
Grow, Robert B. Hall, J. Mori lion Harris, Haven, Herbert,
Hodges, Hoffman, Holioway, Valentine li. Hortou, How-
ard, Hughston, Kelly, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, Kunkel, Alexander K. Maishall, Humphrey Mar
shall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, MeCarty, Killian
Miller, Millward, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Morrison, Mott,
Murray, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Paiker, Pearee, Pelton,
Pennington, Perry, Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Ready, Ri-
caud, Robbins, Roberts, Robison, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Scott,
Sherman, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stanton,
Stranalian, Swope, Tappan, Thorington, Tiafton, Tyson,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge, Waldron, Cadwalader C.
Washburne, Elhhu B. Washburne. Tsracl Washburn, Wat-
son, Wells, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Wood, Wood-
ruff, Woodworth, and Zollieofier—114.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
Pending the call of the roll, I
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee, stated that if I
he had been present when his name was called*
he would have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. WAKEMAN called for the previous ques-
tion on the motion to reconsider.
The previous question was seconded; and-tbe.
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. CRAIGE demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion to reconsider.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and there were, upon
a division—ayes 88, noes 49.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I now give
notice that at the proper time I will offer the fol-
lowing amendment at the end of line thirty-six:
Jlnd provided further, That it shall be in the power of
Congress after ten years to terminate said contract upon
giving one year's notice.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is the
motion to recommit the bill to the Committee oa
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a question
of order. This bill having been brought back
from the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, to which it was recommitted, by the mo-
tion to reconsider just agreed to, it now occupies
the same position that it did when the House
commenced with the motions to refer it. The
motion now is to recommit the bill. That failing,
the previous question operates upon the engross-
ment of the bill. The bill has lost nothing by
going
to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and being brought back here by the
motion to reconsider. Motions were made to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and to recommit it to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The first was rejected; the latter was agreed to.
That vote being reconsidered, the bill is brought
back here, and is in the same position as though
that motion to recommit had never been voted on
at all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the order for the previous question is ex-
hausted when a bill is disposed of; and this bill
was absolutely disposed of by its recommittal to
the Committee on tne Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. How is the ques-
tion to recommit brought back then?
The SPEAKER. Because it is a pending
question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Exactly, and so
is the other a pending question. If one is pending,
so is the other. If that be the decision of the
Chair, I take an appeal, for I cannot agree by-
acquiescence to subscribe to any such decision.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no doubt
whatever that by the recommittal of this bill to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
all pending questions were exhausted. That
motion being brought back before the House on
reconsideration, it leaves the House to dispose
only of the motion to recommit, and that, too,
not under the operation of the previous question.
It is a new question, the bill having been referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Nobody made a
motion to recommit this morning.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Tennessee, and decides that the only question
before the House is the motion to refer the bill to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads;
and that if that motion be voted down, the quest
tion will then recur upon the bill itself. From
this decision the gentleman from Tennessee takes
an appeal; and the question now is, "Shall th«
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
House?"
Mr. SAGE moved that the appeal be laid upon
the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not^idered.
The question was taken; ai|
agreed to.
So tlie appeal was laid upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the bill
be laid upon the table.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded the yeas an d nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I wish to make
an inquiry of the <jhair which, I think, is perti-
e motion was
