790-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 17,
Faulkner, Florence, Garnett, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus
HdU, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Hamson,Hoflman, Hous-
ton, Jcwett, Gcoigo W. Jones, Keitt, Lake, Leiter, Letcher,
Lumpkm, Maxwell, MeMulUn, McQ.ucen, Smith Miller,
Miltson, Moideeai Oliver, Paine, Peck, X'owell, Puryear,
Quitman, Ituffin, Uu&t, Sandidge, Shorts, William fcJmith,
Wiiham R. rimith. Snrod, Stewart, Tulhott, Taylor, Tlnirs-
lon, Todd, Underwood, Vail, Walker, Watkms, Winslow,
Daniel 13. Wright, and John V. Wright—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Ben-
son, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Broom,
Buffinton, Burlingame, James II. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Chafl'ee, Bayard Clarke, Ezia Ciaik, dawson,
Colfax, Comins, Cnvode, Cragin, Jacob C. Davis, Timothy
Davis, Dean, Be Witt. Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Edwards,
Flagler, Foster, Henry'  I. Fuller, Thomas J. I). Fuller,
Galloway, Gilbert, Grander, Grow, Robert B. Hall, J. Mor-
rison Harris, llaven, Heibert, Hodge*, Ilolloway, Valen-
tine B. Horton, Howard, Hughston, Kelly, King, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Samuel S. Mcir&hall, Mdtteson,
McCarty, Kilhan Miller, Millward, Mooic, Morgan, Mor-
nll, Mornson, Mott, Murray, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Parker, Peaiee, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike,
Prmglc, Purviancc, Beady, Rieaud,Kol>bms. Roberta,Sabin,
Sage, Sapp, Fcott, Sheiman, tfunmons, Samuel A. Smith,
Spinner, Stanton, Stianahau, Swope,Tappan,Thormgton,
Tiatton, Tyson, Wade, "Wakeman, Walbiidge, Waldron,
Cadwaladur C. Wa^hbanio, EUihu I>. Wa^hburne, Israel
Washburn, Watson. Welch. Well*?, Wheeler, Whitney,
Williams, Wood, Woodruff', Woodworth, and Zolheoffer—
112.
So the House lefused to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question recurred upon the motion to com-
mit the bill to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. WHITNEY. I call for the previous ques-
tion upon the pending motion.
The SPEAKER. The previous question will
bring the House to a vote upon the bill itself.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to post-
pone the further consideration of this bill to the
3d day of March next.
Mr. DAY. Upon that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for tellers
upon the yeas and naya.
Tollers were ordered; and Messrs. Talbott
and Chaffke were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
thirty-nine m the aillimativo.
So the yeas and nays were ordered'.
The question was taken; and it-was decided in
the negative—yeas 74, nays HI; as follows:
VMAW - Messrs. Ailcfn, Bailc^dalc, Henry Bennett,
llcndley ri, Bennett, Hi.met), Burnett, John P. Campbell,
Caillie, C.nmbcH, C.islue, Williamson 11 W. Cobb, Oiaige,
t'r.iwfoid, Cuinh.tck, Davidson, Day, Denver, Dowdell,
Dunn, Kdnmndoti, Elliott, Ktheridyy, Faulkner,
Floieiice, Gainett, Goode. Greenwood, Augustus Hall,
llatlan, Sampson W. Hams, Thomas L. Harris. Hanis-on,
lloil'iiian, Hoiisfuit, Jcwett, George W. Jours, Knit, Kid-
well, Lake, Leitei, Lelchor, Lumpkin. Maxwell. Me-
i Mulhn, Rletiueeii, Smith Miik'r, Miihon, Aloidecai Oliver,
I I'.uiie, Peek, Powell, P.irv<*ar, Umtman, iJmlin, Ku^t, San-
Snvago, Sliouor, Willuuu Smith, William U Smith,
Suoi-d, Stew ait, T.ilbott, Taylor, Thurston, Todd, Undei-
wood,\ ail, \V alkei, Watkms, Window, Daniel B. Wnght,
and John V. Wughi—*4.
XAVS — Messr-.. Albueht, Allison, Ball, Batbour, Ben-
>on, Hmgluim, Bh<-*, Btadshavv, Bieuton, Broom,
JJnllmtun, Buiiing.mM', J.imcs 11. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Chaffee, ICzta Clark, dawson, Clmgman, Col-
fax, t'ouuns, Covude, Ciagm, Daueell, Timothy Davis,
He,in, De Witt, Hie I:, i>iek-ou, Dodd, Duifee, Edwards,
J call ;I Flagler, Fo>t.M, lletuy JM. i'ulJer, Thonu.o J. D. Fuller,
Galloway, Gilbert, Granger, Giow, Robert B. Hall, I. Mor-
rison Hams, H.iven, Hodges, Holloway. Thomas It. Hor-
ton, Valentine B. lIoiton,""IIowaid, Hughston, Kelly, Kel-
sej, King, Knapp, Knight, Knox, llumphiey Mai.-fiail,
Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, MeCaity, Kilhan Miller,
Millward, Moore, Moigan, Morrill, Moirison, Murraj,
^ i'~" it (u„ 'i N'oitoii, Andrew Ohv<'i, Packci, Paiker, Peaice, Pelton,
D lay upon the table {he motion of th j| p(Mr>< p,;^^ p^e, i'ringle, Puivianee, Ready, Rieaud,
from Indiana, would not carry the bill j Bobbins, Roberis, Sal'in, Saire, Sapp, Scott, Seward,
! Slteinmn, Simmons. Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stanton,
< Stianaban, Svvope, Tappan, Thormcton, Tration, Tyson,
"Wade, Wakeman, Wailuidixe, Wahhon, Cadwalader C.
Wa^il-urne, nihhu B.Washlmrne, [tiael Wa-hbuin, Wat-
sou. U"el''!i. WelN, Wliee]-;):. Whitney, Williams, Wood,
Woodruff, Woodvvoith, and Zolueoft'er—114.
So the motion was disagreed to.
|| Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. With a view to
ii get this matter disposed of, and in order that xve
ij may go to other business, 1 desire to say to gen-
ii tlemen who are resorting to these means in oppo-
l move that the sltjon to this bill, that having' reported it, 1 will
„ , ¥T . , . , , , ;t make no objection to the introduction of two
the state of thejjmon; and upon that I demand |l amendment* which 1 understand are desirable.
la1^; j The p-entleman from Tennessee fMr. Zollicop-
Yimt. I wish to know whether, if the vote be
reconsidered, the bill will be open to amendment ?
The SPEAKER. The motion has been recon-
sidered, and the question has boen stated upon
the motion to refer, and if that be negatived the
bill will be open to amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will it be in order to in-
timate now the amendments which gentlemen
desire to offer?
The SPEAKER. It -will not, as the motion is
made to lay the bill upon the table, and upon it
the House has ordered the yeas and nays.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 77, nays 120; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Bell, Hendley
S.' Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Branch, Burnett, John P.
Campbell. Carlile, Caruthers, Caskie, Clingman, William-
son It. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Crawford, Cumbaek, David-
Bon, Jacob C. Davis, Day, Denver, Dowdell* Dunn, Ed-
m'Undson, Elliott, Etheridge, Faulkner, Florence, Garnett,
Goode, Gicenwood, Augustus Hall, Harlan, Thomas Ij.
Harris, Harrison, Hoffman, Houston, George W. Jones,
Keitt, Kidwcll, Lake,Leitei,Letchcr,Lumpkin, Maxwell,
McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller,MillsonjNu'hote, Mor-
dee'ai Oliver, Paine, Peck, Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Ruf-
fin, Rust, Sandtdge, Shorter, William bmith, William R.
Smith, Sneed, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Thurston, Todd,
Underwood, Vail, Walker, Watkins, Winslow, Daniel B.
Wright, and John V. Wriirht—77.
NAY'S—Messrs. Akei>, Albright, Allison, Ball, Baibour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Bingham, BiUiop, Bhs-s, Bradshaw,
JBrenton, Broom, Buffinton, Builingamc, James H. Camp-
bell, Lewis V. Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra
Clark, dawson, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Ciagin, Damrell,
Timothy Davis, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dur-
fee, Edwards, Emrie, Flagler, Foster, Henry M. Fuller,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Gilbert, Granger, Giow,
HobertB. Ilall, J. Morrison Hams, Haven, Herbert, Hodges,
Ifollowny, Valentine B. florton, Howard, Hughston, Kelly,
King, Knapp, Kmght, Knowlton, Knox, Alexander lv. Mar-
shall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Maishall, Matteson,
McCarty, Kdhan Miller, Millvvaid,Mooie,Morgan, Mouill,
Moirison, Mott, Murray, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Packer,
Paiker, ^earce, Peltun, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike,
Ptingle, Purviance, Heady, Bieaud, IlobbmH, Roberts, Rob-
ison, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Sam-
uel A. Smith, Spmner, Stanton, Smmahan, Swope, Tap-
pan, Thorington, Traftoa, Tyson, Wade, Wakeman, Wal-
bridge, Waldion, Cadwalader C. Washbuine, Kllilm B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wells,
Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Wood, Woodrull, Wood-
worth, and Zollieufler—1^0.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The question recurred upon the motion to com-
mit the bill to the Committee on the Post Oilice
and Post Roads.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I appeal to the gentleman
fcom Indiana, [Mr. Mace,] the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, to
withdraw the motion to refer the bill to that com-
mittee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. He cannot do
that.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Is the bill now subject
to amendment ?
The SPEAKER. It is not now, as the motion
to commit is pending.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays upon that motion.
Mr. WA11EMAN. My desire is to have the
motion to refer voted down, with a view of having I
the bill before the House foramendments.
thepreviousquestion upon the motion to commit.
The SPEAKER. That would bring the House
to a vote upon the main question, and would cut
oiT amendments.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I desire to know whether
a motion to
gentleman
with it?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. WAK EMA N. I hope the motion to refer
-will be voted down.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
called. That will bring the House to avote first
upon the motion to commit, and then upon the
bill itself.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I withdraw the call for the
previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee.
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole on !
the yeas and na|
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 74, na}'s H2; as follows:
YJBAS — Messrs. Aiken, Aker*. Allen, Barksdale, Hend-
ley S. Bennett, !5ococI\, Bowie, liiahch, Burnett, Jonn P.
Campbell, Cartiie, Caskie, Cim<rman, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Craige. Crawford, Culien, Cuinbuck, Daimell, David-
sou, Bay, Dowdell, Dunn, Edmundson, Elliott, Etliendge,
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Zollicof-
fEii] desires to introduce one proposing that this
line of telegraph shall be open to all the people
of the United States; another is suggested, name-
ly, that at the end of ten years the Government
may, upon one year's notice, terminate the con-
tract. With this understanding, I hope the House
will allow a vote upon the bill.
Mr. FIjbRENCE. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Ohio a question, if I maybe per-
mitted to do so. I want to know what control
there is of the line between the terminus and
this point, and what assurance we have of a com-
munication between that terminus and the city
of Washington? There is no united company.
There are a dozen lines between the city and the
point of terminus on the coast of Newfoundland;
and we are to pay $70,000 a year 
_ Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have no de-
sire 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. "Will the gentleman
from Ohio allow me to make a single suggestion
in good faith, although 1 am opposed to the bill ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I think the bill
cannot be amended in any way so as to secure the
vote of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,]
because he is opposed to it, I understand, on con-
stitutional grounds. I will state frankly that I
will consent to the two amendments which I have
indicated.
Mr. LETCHER. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. Debate is in order pending
the motion to commit.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man from Ohio to hear my amendment read.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Well, I will yield
for that purpose.
The proposition was read, as follows:
Provided, however. That this act shall not take effect
until the New York, Newfoundland, and London Telegraph
Company, extending fiom Nova Scotia to St. John or
Cape Race, Newfoundland, pImII smreuder their monopoly,
or be incorporated into and constitute a part of the Atlantic
ocean telegraph, and subject to the same contract m all
respects.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Smith] whether he will
vote for the bill with his amendment incorpo-
rated ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No, sir.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Then I shall not
accommodate him.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I ask permission
of the gentleman from Ohio to allow to be read
an amendment which I desire to offer.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I would state to
my friend from Maryland that it is very evident
that these amendments will, if they are not so
designed, kill the bill.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I am not in favor
of killing the bill. I want to have it amended so
that I can vote for it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am willing, as I
stated, to submit to the introduction of the two
amendments which I have named; and also to the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. P*.nninutu*i] to extend its facilities
to the people for all time.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Will the gen-
tleman from Ohio allow this amendment to be
read ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, declined to con-
sent.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I rise to a question
of order. I understand the Chair to have stated
that this proposition is now open for debate. I
would therefore suggest to the gentlemen who
have amendments, (I have one myself,) that the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] be per-
mitted to proceed, and conclude what he has to
say; and then the House can amend the bill
whether he likes it or not.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I would inform
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. H. Mar-
shall] that I have no desire to prevent debate;
none further than that which grows out of the
exigencies presented by the general business of
the country. "VVe are within two weeks of the
adjournment, with nearly all the important busi-
ness of Congress yet unfinished. I therefore ap-
peal to the House and to him to come up practi-
cally and take action on this bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. It only shows the influ-
ence which a corporation can use to interrupt
business.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I did not hear
distinctly the remark of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 say it only shows the
power of a. corporation to come here and influence
us, and interrupt the public business for the
purpose of making" money. That is what it
shows.
