J857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GJLOBEL
ISf
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I do n&t know
what the gentleman means by the " influence of
a corporation." This bill proposes nothing more
than what the gentleman has heretofore, by his
votes, indorsed as within the power of Congress.
I recollect, within the term of my service here,
that we sent a national vessel abroad to bring a
Louis Kossuth, a foreigner, here. There were
then 110 constitutional scruples in the way. When
we brought him, large sums of money were voted
in this Hall to pay for wines and carnages, cigars
and toddies, and other like indulgences of that
foreigner and his suite in this city. Again, we
sent a national vessel to Ireland durmg the famine.
Gentlemen found no constitutional objections to
doing that. And during the last session the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence]—if I
mistake not—voted to send a national vessel to
the Cape de Verdes,to relieve the distresses there.
I do not know that he was under the influence of
any corporation; but he was, Mr. Speaker, prob-
ably under the influence of a particular class of
the voters in his district when he gave that vote.
I.recollect, too, that the gentleman last session
voted in favor of a large appropriation of money
to get seeds; and I observe by the papers this
morning that a national ship had just entered one
of the ports of the United States with sugar-cane
cuttings, for the benefit, if not of a corporation, of
voters in a particular locality.
Mr. Speaker, I regard this project as one of the
greatest of the age in which we live. England
proposes to join us in stretching a cable across,
or rather beneath, the Atlantic, as a medium of
international communication which shall beat
time. Believing that we have the constitutional
power to pass this bill, I am willing to meet our
ancient enemy, our present ally, in everything
that pertains to the progress of the age, midway
on the ocean, and shake her cordially by the hand.
The proposition coming from her should 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentle-
man from Ohio allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Thus interrupted
and embarrassed, I will not consume any more of
the time of the House in this debate. I arose
only to express the wish that we might have im-
mediate action on this bill. 1 wish the House
either to pass it or to kill it at once.
Mr. WAICEMAN. I move that the bill be
recommitted to the Committee of Ways and
Means. There the gentleman from Ohio will have
an opportunity to make such amendments as the
committee may think proper, and receive such
amendments as gentlemen in the House desire
to submit. There the bill can be perfected, and
reported back to the House. I call the previous
question.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order, as a substi-
tute for that motion, to move to send the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union ?
The SPEAKER. That motion has been neg-
atived.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it not in order to renew
it?
The SPEAKER. Not at this time. The first j
question is upon the call for the previous ques- j
tion. !
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope the gentleman from \
New York will withdraw the call for the previ-
ous question, in order to allow me to answer the
question propounded to me by the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I cannot withdraw it for
any purpose.
Mr. LETCHER. Does the Chair decide that
my motion is not m order at this time ?
The SPEAKER. Not at this time.
Mr. LETCHER. Is there any time when I
can offer it? Why cannot I offer it now ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York calls for the previous question; and pend-
ing that question the gentleman's motion is not
in order.
The previous question was seeonded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was taken on Mr. Mace's motion
refer the bill to the Committee on the Post
an^ ^>ost Roads; and it was disagreed to.
The question recurred On Mr. Wakeman's
motion to refer the bill tq the Committee of Ways
and Means; and being taken, it was agreed to.
Mr. WAKEMAN moved to reconsider the
vote bjr which the bill was so referred; and also
moved' to lay the motion' to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OP NEW MEMBERS.
Mr. HAVEN. I should just here like to have
the unanimous consent of the House for leave to
introduce a proposition relative to the pay of
merribers of this House elected to fill vacancies,
which will take but a moment, and may relieve
the Chair of some embarrassment.
The SPEAKER. The proposition will be
read for information.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That in making out the accounts of members
elected to fin vacancies in tins House for the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, tile Sergeant-at-Arins be directed to compute
their salaries from the day upon which their predecessors
respectively ceased to be members, either by death, resigna-
tion, or by a vote of the House; and that the Speaker issue
his certificates in accordance with this construction of the
law.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. It is
enough that a member's pay should commence
from the time of his election.
Mr. HAVEN. This is not a privileged ques-
tion, I suppose.
The SPEAKER. It is hardly a privileged
question. It is an act of legislation on the part
of the House.
KANSAS LAWS.
The next business in order was House bill
(No. 799) for the relief of the people of Kansas,
the pending question being on a motion to recom-
mit the same to the Committee on Territories, on
which the previous question had been demanded.
Mr. GROW. Mr. Speaker, I withdraw the
call for the previous question, not for debate, but
merely to make a brief statement in justice to the
Committee on Territories. That committee, early
in the first session of this Congress, reported a
bill to annul the laws of the Territory of Kansas.
That bill went over on a motion to reconsider,
until what is known as Dunn's bill was substi-
tuted' for it. The Committee on Territories after-
wards prepared a bill of a similar character to the
one now before the House; but which, owing to
the rules of the House, was never reached, and
the committee were unable to bring it before the
House. I make this statement in justice to the
Committee on Territories, that the House and the
country may know the reason for the long delay,
of which we have heard some complaint. Indeed
the rules of the House seem to be framed with the
design of giving a minority the control of the
House. Such has been the case not only upon
this bill, but upon other bills. 1 now renew the
call for the previous question.
Mr. PECK. With the gentleman's permission,
I will propound a question to him. It is with
reference to a matter of fact.
Mr. GROW. I have no objection.
Mr. PECK. If I understood the gentleman,
he stated that during the first session of this Con-
gress the Committee on Territories introduced a
bill to repeal the laws of Kansas, as is proposed
to be done by the pending bill; and that that bill
was not disposed of until Dunn's bill was substi-
tuted for it. Do I understand the gentleman cor-
rectly ? If so, I wish to know the number of the
bill he refers to ?
Mr. GROW. The bill I referred to was a bill
reported by the Committee on Territories early
in the first session of this Congress.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order pend-
ing the call for the previous question.
Mr. GROW. I withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question in order that I may answer the
gentleman's interrogatory. The first time the
Committee on Territories was called during the
last Congress, they reported a bill to strike out all
the obnoxious features of the laws enacted by the
Territorial Legislature of Kansas, leaving to more
mature consideration to settle what further action
should be taken in the matter. That bill was
referred to tho Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; and upon a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which it was so referred, the
bill was passed over until the motion to recon-
sider was called up, and the proposition known
as Dunn's bill was adopted in its stead. After-
wards, the Committee on Territories prepared a
bill similar to the one now before the House,
which they desired should be passed, but which,
for 'the reason: I have already stated; it was irn-
^ossible to reach or get before .the House ;there ;
fore, it went over. I renew the call'for the. pre-'
vious question.
M:r. PECK. I have another question which'-!'
would be glad if the gentleman wouldanswer. -
Mr. GROW. I amwilling to hear and answer-:
any question.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
.Mr. KUNKEL. I hope my colleague will
withdraw the call for the previous question until
I can submit air amendment.
Mr. GROW. I cannot withdraw the call for
the previous question to allow any amendment to
be offered. This bill, I will state, was prepared
by the Committee on Territories in the belief,
after full and thorough investigation of the mat-
ter, that the only sure relief for the people of Kan-
sas is to render void and nugatory all the obnox-
ious laws of the Legislative Assembly of that*
Territory—to wipe away all evidence of ltsusurp-
ation. I cannot, then, by any action of mine,
open the bill to amendment.
Mr. KUNKEL. I should like to have my
amendment read for the information of theHousev
When my colleague hears it I do not think he
will persist in his objection.
Mr. GROW. I cannot allow any amendment-
to come in. The bill before the House hasbean
reported from the Committee on Territories after:
a full and mature investigation of the subject-
after examining all the information they could get
of the trouble in Kansas, their causes, and the best-
means of relief. The committee believe this the'
only relief that can be afforded to this people,
unless you admit them as a State into the Union.
The committee believe that this bill, if enacted
into law, will reach the wrongs under which the
people of Kansas now labor.
Mr. PECK. Does the gentleman refuse to
answer my question r
Mr. GROW. I have not heard it.
Mr. KUNKEL. Let my proposition be read.
Mr. GROW. 1 have no objection to the read-
ing of the gentleman's proposition.
Mr. PERRY. I object to whatever is out of"
order.
.Mr. PECK. I desire an answer to my question;.
to know whether or not the charges I have mad«-
against the Republicans were true or not ? If the'
gentleman's reply be satisfactory, then I will
admit I have been mistaken upon this point.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question"
of order. When a member holds the floor, can
he not yield it for explanation or inquiry to an-
other member without the consent of the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated fre-
quently that no member could interrupt another
who was in possession of the floor without the
consent of the House. One member cannot farm
out the floor to other members without unanimous'
consent.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Cannot a question
be propounded by one member while another is
in possession of the floor?
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by con-
sent of the House.
Mr. GROW. I will hear what is the proposi-
tion of my colleague.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made by the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Periiy.]
Mr. WALKER. I rise to a question of order.
I understand the gentleman from Pennsylvania'
has called the previous question.
The SPEAKER. He has withdrawn it, and
retains the floor on the general question. The
gentleman from Maine objects to any proceed-
ings not in regular order.
Mr. GROW. Isend«p the amendment of my"
colleague to be read in my time, and as part of
my remarks.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a point of
order. I hold that the gentleman has no more
right to send that paper to the Clerk to be read,
than he has to allow another member to read it.
It is no part of his argument.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is entitled to one hour, and he sends to
the Clerk a paper to be read as a part of his own'
speech. The Chair holds that it is in order, as
such is the constant'practice of the House.
Mr. KEITT. I would inquire whether it is
offered as a substitute or as an amendment by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania?
