732
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
The SPEAKER. It is offered as a part of the
gentleman's speech.
• Mr. KE1TT. I call the attention of the Chair
to the fact that the gentleman sends to the Clerk
a specific proposition in the nature of a substitute
or amendment, as a part of his argument, which
is in itself a contradiction and absurdity.
The SPEAKER. It is immaterial to the decis-!
ion of the Chair what it is. 1
Mr. KUNKEL. I wish to make an explana-1
tion. |
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will proceed, j
if there is no objection. * j
Mr. PURYEAR. I object.
Mr. GROW. This thing is causing so much
trouble that I will call the previous question, and
leave the bill in the hands of the House to be
disposed of.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to lay the
bill upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and upon that I call the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 84, nays 98; as follows: •
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Alter®, Allen, Bark^dale, Henri- J
ley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Broom,;
Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Caililc, Caruthers, Caskic, ;
Williamson It. VV. Cobb, Cox, Ciatge, Crawfoid, Cullen, j
Davidson, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, Etheridge, Flor- j
encc, Foster, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gar-!
nett, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Hams, [
Sampson W. Harris, Herbert, Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, I
George W. Jones, Kcitt, Kid well, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, j
Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. i
Marshall, Maxwell, McMulhn, Mc&ui.cn, Smith Miller, j
MiHsoq, Moore, Motrison, Packer, Pamc, Peck, Powell, ;
Puryear,Q.uitman, Ready, Ricaud, Ruifin, Rus>t, Sandidge,1
Savage, Bewaid, Shoiter, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, Sneed, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Underwood,
Walker, Watkins, Whitney, Williams, Winslow, Darnel
B. Wright, John v. Wnght, and Zolhcofler—-H4.
NAYS—Mes&rs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Ilcmy i
Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bh*<s, Urad^haw, Brenton, |
Buffinton, Burhngamc, James II. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezia j
Clark, Clawf.on, Colfax, Connns, Covode, Ciacm, Cum- j
baelc, Damreil, Timothy Davw, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, >
Dickson, Ootid, Dunn,*Diirfco, Emne, Fl:iglei, Galloway, j
Gilbert, Giangcr, Giovv, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Haven, !
Hodges, Hollowav, Thomas R. Norton, Valentino B. Hoc- j
ton? Ilowaid, Huglmon, Kelly, Kelsey, King, Knapp, I
Knight, Ivnowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Matieson, Me- i
Carty, Kilhan Miller, Moigan, Mouill, Muiray, NiohoN, '
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Porker, Penrce, Pelton, Pennim?- !
ton, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pnngle, Purviance, Kohbnih, Rob- |
erts, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spin- !
ner. Stanton, skranahan, T.ippau, Thoi mgton, Thurston,!
Toad, Wade, Wakeman, Walhridjze, Waldron, Elhhu B. j
Wasiibume, Israel Washburn, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, ,
and Woodvvoith—-98. j
So Mr. Joxes's motion was disagreed to. j
Pending the call, |
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, stated that he had I
paired oft' with Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, upon all '
matters relating to Kansas. j
ENROLLED BILLS. I
Mr. DAVIDSON", from the Committee on En- 1
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the j
following titles; when the Speaker signed the j
same: " i
An act (H. It. No. 240) for the relief of the j
officers ana privates of the Clinton Guards, of j
the county of Macomb, m the State of Michi- j
gan; |
An act (H. R. No. 3S8) for the relief of Dr.
James Morrow; and '
. An act (H. R. No. 480) for the relief of Wil- i
Ham Craig. j
PAPERS WITHDRAWN. |
On motion of Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri, it '
was
Ordered, That leave be granted fot the withdrawal from .'
the Court of (Jann* ot' thu papers m the ease of James :
Pool, and that the same he referred to the Committee on 1 j
Claims. ;
KANSAS LAWS AGAIN. ^
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon j
the motion to lay the bill upon the table. -i
Mr. McAlULLIN colled for the yeas and nays. I:
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers upon the i!
yeas and nays. {;
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Allen and j
Woodworth were appointed. j
The House divided; and the tellers reported— i
ayes thirty-six, noes not counted ;
So the yeas and nays were ordered. ;
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 73, nays 96; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Akers, Alien, Barksdale, Hendley S.
Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Broom, Burnett.
Cadwalader, Carhle, Caruthers, Caskie, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Craige, Crawfoid, Davidson, Dowdell, Edmund-
son, Elliott, English, Etheridge, Faulkner, Florence, Fos-
ter, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Garnett, Goode, Greenwood, J.
Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Houston, George W. Jones, Keitt, Kelly, IvidwelJ, Lake,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Maxwell,
MeMnIlin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mordecai
Oliver, Packer, Paine, Peck, Powell, Puryear, Quitman,
Ready, Ricaud, Rutfin, Rust, Sandidge, Seward, Shorter,
William Smith, Sneed, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Under-
wood, Walker, Whitney, Williams, Window, Daniel B.
Wright, and John V. Wright—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bliss, Brad>haw, Brenton,
Buffinton, Burhngame, James H. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra
Clark, dawson, Colfax, Coinins, Covode, Cragin, Cum-
back, Damreil, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt,
Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Emne, Flagler, Galloway,
Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Ilarlan, Hartison,
Haven, Hodges, Ilohoway, Thomas R. Korton, Howard,
Hughcton, Kelsev, King, Knapp, Knight, ICnowlton, Knox,
Kunkel, Leiter, Matteson, McCaity, Moore, Moigan, Mor-
rill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Par-
ker, Poarce, Pelton, Perry, Pike, Pungie, Purviance, Rob-
bins, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spin-
nei, Stanton, Stianahan, Tappan, Thormgton, Thurston,
Todd, Wade, Wakeman, Walbiidge, Waldron, Cadwalader
C. Washbmne, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Welch, Wells, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—96.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Pending the call,
Mr. HOUSTON stated that he had been re-
quested to say that Mr. Wheeler had been called
away from the House in consequence of sickness
in 1ns family.
Mr. BINGHAM stated that his colleague, Mr.
"Watson, had paired off with Mr. Stephens.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put; being first
upon the motion to recommit the bill to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred upon ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, callcd for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask for the reading 0f the
bill.
The bill was read, and is as follows:
A Bill for the Relief of the People of Kansas.
Whereas the Piesulent of the United States transmitted
to the House, by message, a punted pamphlet purpoi ting to
be the laws of the Tciritoiy of Kansas, pa-^ed at Shawnee
Mis-ion. in said 'JVnitoiy : and whereas unjust and unwar-
ranted test oath^ are preseubed by said law? as a qualifi-
cation fot voting ui holding office in said Termor} : and
wiii'iciii the committee of investigation sent by the House !
to Kansas icpoit that said legislature was not elected by
the legal voters ot Kaunas hut was toieed upon them by
nou-residents in violation of the organic act of the Terri-
toiy, and having thu^ tnuiped legislative power, it enacted
ciuel and oppiessivc Jaw* : Thcieiore,
U '-nnctcJ ly the Senate and Home of Representatives
of the United States ot-dmeilra in Con^rft-i assembled. That
ail rule* or iemulation* pin porting to he laws, or in the form
ot law, adopted at Shawnee Mi-siou, in the Teintory of :
Kan-a-, by a body of men claiming to be the Legislative
A->semb!v of <ud Tcrtitoiy, and all aets and pioceedmgs
whatsoever of said assembly, ate hereby declared invalid,
and of no binding force oi effect.
Sec •"} *dndbe it further cnactcd, That the Governor of
said Territojy shall, as soon as practicable,by public proe-
| lamatiou, fix the time and places lor an election of mernbeis
, of thV Legwiative Assembly, appoint in each distnet three
j competent peisons to Mipeuntend the election therein, un-
[ der such lules and legulations as he shall direct, and shall
! pie^eiibc tin" mode atid mannci for the returns thereof.
! St :i ./2m! he it further cnnctcd, That any person offer-
: nig to vote at ^oid elceiion whose vote shall be challenged, :
j shall, in addition to the qualifications tor voting fixed in the I
net ot Congi<>,d oigamzmg the Tciritoiy, prove bv Ins own I
j oath that he h a bjna fide xettler of said T<irritoiy, and by ;
; the oath ot'at lea-t two legal voteis that lie is, and has been I
, for one month immediately preceding, an actual resident ■
' of said Ten itory,and tot tifteon days a resident of the oicc- j
tion district where he ofiers to vote. ;
tfrc. 4. -Zndbcif further aia<ted, Thatif any person, not,
being an actual inhabitant or le^uknt of the said Tcru- i
tory, *haii east his vote ot any election which may be h*dd
m the said Terntory by authoutv of law, sueh person so 1
offending >=ha:i, oil conviction theieof m any enmmaleouit, ,
!->e pum-shed by fine, not le*s than twenty dollars nor more :
than one hundred dollars and imprisonment, not less than !
two months nor more than six months. That if any person !
or pcr,-ons shall come into any election ih-trict of saidTer- 1
ritory, m armed and organized bodies, tor th§_ puipo^e of 1
participating in. disturbing, contioilmcf, or voting at any j
election held, or to be held, under the authority of law i
therein, <aieh person or poisons so offending shall, on eon- j
viction thereof in any criminal court, be punished by a fine j
of not less than one hundred dollars and not exceeding five :
hundred dollars, and impugnment for a term not less than j
three months and not exceeding one year. j
Sec. 5. %dnd he it further enactedy That if any person, 1
being a member of any such armed and organized body as
described in the preceding section, or connected therewith,
and a non-resident of the said Territory, shall vote at any
election which may be held in the said Territory by authority
of law, he shall, on conviction thereof, be punished by a
fine of not less than one hundred dollais and not exceeding
five hundred dollars, and by imprisonment for ateunofnot
less than six months and not more than two years.
Sec.6. Jlndbe itfurther enacted, That any judge of elec-
tion who shall willfully and knowingly allow any vote to be
poll ed in violation of the fourth and fifth sections of this act,
shall, on conviction thereof, be punished by a fine of not
less than fifty dollars nor moie than three hundred dollars,
and imprisoned for a term of not less than six months nor
more than one year. That all offenses under this act may
be piosecuted by indictment m any criminal court having
jurisdiction of felonies or misdemeanors committed in said
Territory. All laws,rules, or regulations inconsistentwitb
the provisions of this act are hereby declared null and void.
Mr. BOWIE. I move that there be a call of
the House.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order,
as the House has ordered the main question to
be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the vote be
first upon the bill and then upon the preamble?
The SPEAKER. The first vote is upon the
bill, and then, if there is a preamble, the ques-
tion will be taken upon that.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 95, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Baibour, Henry Ben-
nett, Beiihon, Bingham. 15li&s>, Biadshaw, Brenton, Buffin
ton, Ruilmgame. Chaffee, Rayard Clarke, Ezra Clark,
Clawson, Colfax, Comms,Covode, Cragm, Cumback, Dam-
reil, Timothy Davis, Dav, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson,
Dodd, Dunn, Dutfce, Emne, Flagler, Galloway, Gilbert,
Granger, Grow. Robert B. Hall, Ilailan, Harrison, Haven,
Hodges, Hollowav, Thomas R. Ilorton, Valentine B. Hor-
ton, Howaid, I-IughMon, KkIm-v, King, Ivnapp, Knight,
Knovvlton, Knox, Leiter, MK'ariv, Kilhan Miller, Moore,
Morgan, Morull, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Notion, Andrew
Oliver, Parker, Pearce, Pelton, Periy, Pike, Pringle, Rob-
bins, Roberts, Satan, Sage, Sapp, tfoott, Sherman, Smi-
nions, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thorington,
Todd, Trafton, Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge, Waldron,
Cadwalader C. Washburtic, Ellihu B. Washbuiue, Israel
Washburn, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Akeis. Allen, Baiksdale, Hendley S.
Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Broom, Burnett,
Cadwaladej, John P. Campbell, Carlile, Caruthers, Caskie,
Clmgman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Crawford,
Cullen, Davidson, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, English,
Etbeiulge, l^ustis, Faulknci, Ploiente, Foster, Thomas J.
D. Fuller, Garnett, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall,
Sanip.son W. Haiti**,Thomas h. Harris, Hoffman,Houston,
Jewett, Oeoige W. Jone>>. Kent, Kelly, Kidvvell, Lake,
Lumpkin, Alexander K Marshall, Humphrey Marshall,
Maxwell, McMulhn, McQueen, Millson, Moriison, Mor-
deeai Oliver, Paeker, Peck, Powell, Puryear, Quitman,
Ready, Ricaud. Rutfin, Rust, Sandidgc, Sa\age, Seward,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith. Sneed, Stewart,
Talbott, (Jndcrwood, Vail, Walker, Warner, Watkins,
Whitney, Winslow, and Zoilicoffer—81.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, stated that he had
paired off with Mr. Cobb, of Georgia; that Mr.
Cobb would have voted against the bill, and that
he should have voted m favor of it.
Mr. THURSTON stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Letcher.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, stated that had he
been in his seat when his name was called, he
should have voted against the bill.
The bill, being engrossed, was then read the
third time.
Mr. GROW moved the previous question upon
the passage of the bill
The previous quesiion was seennded, and the
main question ordered to be put. *
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri, moved that there
be a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. The main question has been
ordered, and the motion is not in order.
Mr. DOWDELL moved (at two o'clock and
forty-two minutes) tlidt the House adjourn.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri. Would it be in
order to move to postpone the consideration of
this bill?
The SPEAKER. It would not, pending the
previous question.
Mr. BOWIE. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 55, nays 116; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bowie, Doyce, Branch, Broom, Cad-
walader, John P. Campbell, Carlile, Caskie, Bayaid Clarke,
Craige, Crawford. Cullen, Davidson, Dowdell, Edmund-
son, Elliott, English, Eustis, Florence, Foster, Garnett,
Goode, J. Moriison I-Iarri3, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas
L Hams, Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones,
Kelly, KidweH, Letcher, Alexander K. Marshall, McMuUin,
