1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
733
McQueen, Smith Miller, Morrison, Mordecai Oliver, Paine,
powel!, Ricaud, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Seward,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Sneed, Talbott, TayJor, Wat-
Kins, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wright—55.
NAYS — Messrs. Akers, Albright, Allen, Allison. Ball,
Barbour, Barksdale, Henry Bennett, Benson, Bingham,
Bliss, Bocock, Bradshaw, Brenton, Buffinton, BurUngame,
Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cox, Cra-
gin, Cumback, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Dick,
Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, Emne, Etheridge, Faulk-
ner, Flagler, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gallo-
way, Granger, Greenwood, Grow, Augustus Hall, Robert
B. Hall, Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Hodges, Holloway, Val-
entine 6. Horton, Howard, Hughston, Kelsoy, King, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter. Humphrey Mar-
shall, Maxwell, McCarty, KillSan Miller, Millson, Moore,
Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Muiray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew
Oliver, Packer, Paiker, Peaice, Pock,Perry,Pike, Pringle,
Purviance, Puryear, Quitman, Robbins, Roberts, Sabin,
Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton,
Stewait, Stranahan, Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Todd,
Trafton, Underwood, Wade, Walbudge, Waldron, Cad-
walader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Tsrael
Washburn, Whitney, Williams, Wood, Woodruff, and
Woodworth—116.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the call,
Mr. COMINS stated that Mr. De Witt had
paired off with Mr. Clingman.
The question recurred on the passage of the
bill, on which the previous question was ordered.
Mr. GREENWOOD called for the yeas and
^he yeas and nays were orSered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 98, nays 79; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bliss, Btadshaw, Brenton,
Buffinton, Burlmgame, James II. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra
Claik, Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cragm, Cum-
back, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Dick, Dickson,
Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, Emne, Calloway, Gilbeit, Granger,
Grow, Robeit B. Hall, Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Hodges,
Holloway, Valentine B. Hoi ton, Howard, llughston, lCel-
gey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel,
Leiter,McCarty, Killian Miller,Milhvaid,Moore, Morgan,
Morrill; Mott, Munay, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Parker, Pearce, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle,
Purviance, Robbing Roberts, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott,
Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Suanahan,Tappan,
Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Wade, Wakeman,
Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu
B. Washburne, lsiael Washburn, Welch, Wood, Wood
ruff and Woodworth—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Alters, Allen, Barksdale, Hendley S.
Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Broom, Burnett,
Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Carlile, Caruthers, Caskie,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Crawford, David-
son, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Etheridge,
Eustis, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Garnett, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J.Morrison
Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hoffman,
Houston, Jewett, George W.Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kulwell,
Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Maxwell,
McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Morrison,
Mordecai Oliver, Packcr, Paine, Peck, Puryear, Ready,
Rtcaud. Ruffin. Rust, SawJidge, Savage, Seward, Shorter,
Samuel A. Smith, Sneed, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Under-
wood, Walker, Watkins, Whitney, Winslow, John V.
Wright, and Zoliicoffer—79.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the pre-
amble.
Mr. GROW moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WALKER called for the yeas and nays
. on the preamble.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stranahan,
and Oliver of Missouri, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-five, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 95, nays 68; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Albright. Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton.
son, Dodd, Durfee, Emne, Flagler, Galloway.Granger, Grow,
Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Hodges, Hollo-
* way, Valentine B. Horton, Howaid, Kelsey, King, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, McCarty, Killian
Miller, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols,
^orton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pearce, Pennington, Perry,
|*ettit, Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Robbins, Roberts, Sabin,
■ Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton,
•: "tranahan, Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C.
• %2;askburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
' Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—03.
NAYS—-Messrs. Aiken, Alcers, Allen, Barksdale, Hend-
ley S. Bennett, Bocock, Boyce, Branch, Broom, Burnett,
John P. Campbell, Carlile, Caruthers, Caskie, Cox, Craige,
Crawford, Davidson, Dowdell, Edmundson, English, Faulk-
ner, Florence, ^Foster, Garnett, Goodc, Greenwood, Augus-
tus Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas
L. Harris, Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones,
Keitt, Kelly, Kidwell, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Humphrey
Marshall, Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller,
Millson,Morrison,Mordecai Oliver, Peck, Quitman,Ready,
Ricaud, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Seward, Shorter,
Samuel A. Smith, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Walker, Wins-
low, Daniel B. Wright. John V. Wright, and Zoliicoffer—88.
So the preamble to the bill was agreed to.
Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the vote by
which the preamble was agreed to, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the WJiole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. MAXWELL. I desire first to make a
privileged motion. I move to reconsider the vote
whereby Senate bill No. 84 was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was entered.
Mr. AKERS. Before the motion to go into
committee be put, I desire the gentleman from
Ohio to allow me to offer a resolution of inquiry.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I would yield
readily; but it is of great importance that the
special order should be taken out of the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union to-
day. It stands in the way and blocks up the
appropriation bills.
Mr. TODD (at three o'clock and forty min-
utes) moved that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 rise to what I regard as
a privileged question. I desire to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill (H. R.
No. 743) to repair, refit, and refurnish the marine
hospital at Paducah, Kentucky, was referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would say to the
gentleman from Kentucky that that bill, making
an appropriation, must be considered in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
The question was taken on Mr. Campbell's
motion; and it was agreed to.
THE TARIFF.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. H. Marshall in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 566) re-
ducing the duty on imports, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am exceedingly
anxious, Mr. Chairman, to have the committee
take final action on this bill, for it seems to stand
in the way of,-and to block up the business of
the House. As I will have an opportunity of
addressing the House after the committee shall
have reported, I will not now trouble the com-
mittee with any remarks in reference to it.
Mr. HOUS1 ON. Mr. Chairman, I would say-
to the gentleman from Ohio that it would be much
better for him, so far as time is concerned, to sub-
mit his remarks now. It is impossible to get this
bill out of the committee to-night. It cannot be
done.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am thankful to
the gentleman from Alabama for his kind sugges-
tion; but I prefer to allow the committee to pro-
ceed with the five-minute discussion, believing
that the views of members on both sides of the
Hall will, perhaps, be more fully elicited by a
discussion of that kind than they would be were
I to pursue a different course.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I make this sugges-
tion: whether the gentleman from Ohio thinks it
altogether fair to those who, perhaps, wish to
indulge in offering amendments, and in the five-
minute debate, that he should reserve his fire
until after that debate shall have been ended?
Other gentlemen have addressed the committee, .
and now would it not be well for him to give us
the benefit of his remarks, which may control
our votes ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Alabama is complimentary. I do not know <
—I can scarcely believe that there is anything
very dangerous in my fire. I have shown a dis-
position to have this subject discussed, and have
called on the committee at the various stages to
enforce the rule which requires the discussion of
the special order; but I was overruled. If the
gentleman from Alabama, who I am aware is
charged with an assault on the present Committee
of Ways and Means, was anxious to speak, he
has had opportunities during the past days of the
session of making known his views. In the open-
ing of the debate, I stated to the committee the
principles upon which the bill was predicated. -
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to go on with his remarks at this time?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I do not, further
than to respond to the gentleman from Alabama.
The gentleman from Alabama has the fire of the
majority of the Committee of Ways and Means,
in their report presented in August last. I do
not care to add anything to it; and when we go
into the House with this bill, if I find the public
business will be retarded by the time consumed
in making my remarks, I will not make a speech.
Mr. HOUsTON. There have been several
flashes from the majority of the Committee of
Ways and Means since then, and we cannot tell
which is the fire by which the committee intend
to stand.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The gentleman
has had opportunity to make a speech, but we
have not had from him even a "flash in the pan."
Mr, HOUSTON. The reason why I did not
address the committee is, that the gentleman
having obtained the consent of the House to close
the general debate, did not exert himself to get
the House into Committee of the Whole, and
give us the benefit of the time remaining. Thus
I have been cut out of the opportunity of address-
ing the committee under the hour rule, and am
compelled to reserve my remarks for some other
opportunity.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. If the gentleman
wishes to get into a contest with me I will give
him a portion of my time in the House.
The CHAIRMAN. This irregular debate is
out of order.
Mr. CUMBACK. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Florence
having taken the chair as Speaker pro temport,
Mr. H. Marshall reported that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union had, ac-
cording to order, had the state of the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly the
bill (H. R. N. 566) to reduce the duty upon im-
ports, and for other purposes, and had come to
no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. CRAIGE, (at ten
minutes to four o'clock, p. m.,) the House ad-
journed.  
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 18, 1857.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The.Tournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, a statement of the duties remitted
or refunded on railroad iron; which, on motion
of Mr. Biglish, was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of State, made in obedience to law,
communicating the number of passengers arriving
in the United States from foreign countriesduring
the year ending December 31, 2856; which, on
motion of Mr. Weller, was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition
of residents in the Port Crawford Reserve, in
Iowa, praying that the lands in that reservation
may be brought into market as other publiclands,
and subject aiso to the rightof preemption; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PUGH presented eightpetitions of citizens
of the United States residing in the western States,
praying for hit appropriation for deepening tha
