736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18.
district, and a new district judge appointed for
the eastern district at an annual salary of $3,000.
The present district attorney is to be district at-
torney for the eastern district; the present mar-
shal is to be marshal for the eastern district; and
the present clerk is to be clerk for the western
district. The circuit court for Missouri is to be
held at the same times and places as heretofore,
and to be composed of thejudge of the Supreme
Court of the United States for that circuit, and
the two district judges for Missouri; but neither
of the district judges is to sit on an appeal from
his own decision.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I should like to receive
some information as to the necessity of dividing
the State of Missouri into two judicial districts.
It has got to be rather common now to multiply
judicial districts and multiply officers; but before
voting on this bill I should like to be informed
what necessity there is for it.
Mr. GEYER. I will say to the honorable Sen-
ator, that the State of Missouri is geographically
one of the largest States in the Union. Its pop-
ulation is now nearly a million. Its chief com-
mercial city transacts nearly as much business
as any other city in the Union, and is certainly
the second in point of business on the western
waters. Its commerce is larger than thai of any
other except New Orleans. Its admiralty busi-
ness is more extensive than any other except New
Orleans, perhaps, on the western waters. There
are during the year on an average some ten ves-
sels arriving and departing every day—equal to
three thousand tons—with very numerous crews,
and of course there are a great many contests, i
have a letter from the judge of the Supreme Court
who presides in that circuit, to a gentleman now
in this city, who says that an additional judge is
indispensable forthe transaction of business there.
I will read an extract in these words:
" There must be a judge nt St. Loiii** very soon, as tjif
business wilt continue in open court for six months m tiie
year, and the maritime business be of almost ilaily occur-
rence. St. Loins is now the sccond place in point of busi
ness in the valley ot' the Mississippi, Now Orleans
ihe fiist."
That is what he says generally on the subject,
and he is a judge of the Mupreme Couit. who is
entirely disinterested. I believe Missouri now
is the only State m this Union, of her population
and size, with only one district.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Has this bill ever been
in the hands of a committee ?
Mr. GEYER. It has been reported by the
Judiciary Committee of each House.
Mr. fESSENDEN. What is there in the
State of Missotui to justify the appointment of
another judge for what is called the western dis-
trict? What kind of business connected with
the district court of the United States is there to
render that necessary? I should like to be in-
formed of the amount and nature of the business
that is transacted. St. Louis may be a very large
commercial city, and yet that may not necessa-
rily involve a very great amount of maritime
business.
Mr. GEYER. I can only know from hearsay
what business is transacted in the western dis-
trict, as I have not been in that court for a num-
ber of years; but the Missouri river affords some
admiralty business at Jefferson City, and the dis-
trict court of the United States there has consider-
able jurisdiction, growing out of its contiguity to
the Indian country.
Mr. BUTLER, I was very much like the
Senator from Maine, reluctant to make these now
districts and new judges at first; but there are
two considerations which have governed the com-
mittee. in States contacting a large territory, the
judge finds it very difficult to go from one part
to another. In Texas we have agreed to have
two judicial districts for the reason that one can-
not accommodate the demands of the different
part.s of the terntoiy. Missouri, I believe, is one
of the largest territorial States in the Union; and
as I am informed by my friend from Missouri,
the business which has been taken within the
admiralty jurisdiction of the Federal courts is
very extensive there. I do not believe they ought
ever to have had it; but the admiralty jurisdiction
having been extended to rbe western rivers, a
great deal necessarily goes into St. Louis, and of
course the court is very much engaged in various
questions concerning common carriers and the
rights necessarily involved in navigation, I shall
not now question the decision; but the decision
having been made that the western rivers have
this admiralty jurisdiction committed to them, I
must give to the parties interested, as far as I can,
the means of administeting justice.
I have consented to this bill on the grounds I
have indicated, and besides I have consented to
it on another ground. I want my friend to have
it.
Mr, FESSENDEN. I have no disposition to
oppose this bill at all; and 1 beg the honorable
Senator from Missouri to understand that the
questions I submit are really for the sake of in-
formation. I am not yet satisfied. J am opposed
to multiplying these districts, unless the increase
is necessary on account of the business actually
done. Now it by no means follows that because
a State has a large territory, there is therefore a
large amount of business to be done in the courts
of the United States m that State. St. Louis is
a large city, and has undoubtedly a very large
business, but it is inferior in those particulars to
the city of Boston. The amount and nature of
the business is not such as to occasion so many
suits in admiralty as at Boston, for those cases
do not arise so frequently on boats plying on the
western waters as on sea-going vessels. There
is but one district in Massachusetts, and one an-
swers, although it is very much crowded, for the
simple reason that there is no business of any
consequence outside of Boston, except occasional
patent causes and suits commenced by citizens of
other States against citizens of that State.
Now, I understand from the Senator from Mis-
souri that all that he has to say on the subject is,
that the business is very large in what is now the
court of the district of Missouri, comprehending
the whole State of Missouri, owing to the com-
mercial business at St. Louis. That may be; but
my inquiry was directed to this point: how are
you to improve the matter essentially by forming
another district, to be called tiie western district,
' unless there be business of eonsideiable conse-
! quence and of considerable extent m that district
I thus to bo formed? Jt may have some criminal
j business, arising from the contiguity of the Indian
i territory; but i do not understand that there is
j anything of importance for a district court to
I do in western Missouri; and I do not understand
j as yet that there will be anything to do m this
| western district court, of any consequence, after
j that district is formed.
; Mr. CiEYER. I apprehend that the honorable
! Senator is mistaken in supposing that we are
forming o western district. We do not change
i the court in the west at all; it remains as it was
, before. The counties along the eastern side of
| the State, along the river, are formed into an east-
i ern district, and the rest of the State remains as
! before.
; Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see that it makes
i any difference to the argument which constitutes
1 the rtew distii/t.
! Mr. GREEN. Will the Senior allow me to
' say a few words?
i Mr. PESSENDEN. Certainly; I am desirous
I of information.
j Mr. GIIEEN. The business of the western
; district will be made up of the ordinary business
] belonging to the jurisdiction of the district courts
i of the United States, and also the increased ad-
I miralty or maritime jurisdiction now thrown into
I that court. If the Senator will look at the map
j of the State, he will find that there are a thousand
; miles of Missouri river navigation, giving rise
to questions connected with boat-building, com-
merce, seamen's wages, liens of contractors, and
the various things to be attended to in the western
district., as well as in the eastern, but notsomuch
: of that kind of business. Then there is criminal
i jurisdiction, and suits brought by non-residents.
' All that will -still be continued; and there will be
j business enough in the western district in addition
, to the busings in the eastern district, growing
[ out of the great commerce of the city of St. Louis;
j and hence f behove it to be true, as Judge Catron,
j of the Supreme Court, the circuit judge who pre-
j sides there, says, that one judge cannot possibly
i hold court, and transact business for the whole
j State.
j I make the statement for the purpose of telling
I the gentleman the ground on which we rely for
' business enough to occupy the attention of the
court. It 13 no vague conjecture. It is predicated
on fact. The growing, increasing business that
we witness every day, satisfies us that the people
of Jefferson City, Boonville, Weston, St. Joseph,
and all those towns where boats are built, where
commerce is carried on, where business of this
description must and does spring up, ought not
to be brought of necessity down to St. Louis to
file a boat lien. If, under the State law, they en-
force their boat liens, the admiralty jurisdiction
of the United States courts supersedes it.
A case of that kind did occur in the State of
Missouri. Under the State law a lien was filed
and sustained, and execution had, and a boat sold
for $8,000. A subsequent lien was claimed in the
admiralty court, and the district court of the
United States held that the admiraltyjurisdiction
superseded the State jurisdiction. The claim was
sustained, and the purchaser lost his purchase.
The boat was resold in consequence of the admi-
ralty jurisdiction overriding that of the State.
Since this decision, and since the jurisdiction of
the Federal courts extends over the western wa-
ters, it is important that persons who have rights
should proceed in the proper court in the first
instance.
These are some of the reasons for the passage
of the bill.
Mr. PESSENDEN. The last suggestion of the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Green] does not
affect the question very much; for, m the first
place, it is exceedingly doubtful whether the de-
cision of the district court was correct. In my
own district the question has been considered
recently. Our district judge held that a libel in
the district court of the United States would take
a vessel, under such circumstances, out of the
hands of the sheriff who had seized the vessel on
mesne process, at common law, in the courts of
the State; but on appeal to Judge Curtis, of the
circuit court, he reversed that decision, on the
ground that the first court, whether of the United
States or the State, that gets actual possession,
legally, under its process, must hold; otherwise
there would be such conflict between the United
States courts and the State courts as to occasion
great difficulties. J believe that to be the correct
i opinion. The question was not carried further,
j It might have been brought to the Supreme Court
: of the United States; butu has not been, and the
I marshal was not suffered to take the property
I from the sheriff, because the jurisdiction of the
1 State court had attached. But I do not think that
j any conflict of tins kind touches the question of
i the amount of business.
j I do not !d;e to constitute these new courts
; upon bare suggestions. As I remarked before,
the State of Missouri is undoubtedly a large State;
but the consequence which honorable Senators
draw from that, that therefore the business in two
separate parts of the State may be enough to au-
thorize the formation of another court, and those
courts territorially located, does not follow. The
matter can be reduced to a certainty. It can be
ascertained very readily. We ought to have here,
before acting on that subject, an estimate showing
what amount of business comes from the western
district which it is proposed now to organize
separately; and if it appeals that there is any
considerable amount of business such as would
materially interfere with the business of the court
at St. Louis, and that the formation of another
district would so relieve the difficulty as to enable
that court to perform all the business it might
have to perform, I should be willing to acton that
supposition; for I agree that there is a very large
territory, and a very large extent of river naviga-
tion: but at present we have nothing but the sug-
gestions of honorable Senators as to what may
happen in process of time, from the growing na-
ture of the State and the character of the State.
We have a letter from Judge Catron, in which he
. says simply, what may be undoubtedly true, that
j the business of that court must be relieved in
some way; that the present district court cannot
perform all the duties; but he does not state that
the court can be relieved in this way; and he
cannot know, unless he examines the docket, and
ascertains where the business originates.
Now, what I wish, in order to act understand-
ingly on this matter, is, to have it shown to me,
| as an individual Senator who is to vote on this
| question, that the amount of business which
eomca from the western district now proposed
