1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL G^OQE.
m
roads in the new States. It is a measure to which,
in my opinion, no representative of the new States
ought to feel any hostility. I know very well,
sir, that in the progress of the Government, trie
time may come, and considering the speed of our
* present onward career, may come very soon, when
there will be a majority of the States interested
in the public lands—that they will have sufficient
power to take the whole of the public domain to
themselves. This is not an extravagant idea, and
one- the realization of which is*very probable if
we open our eyes sufficiently to the future which
awaits us. I may mention that one gentleman
to-day, in private conversation, remarked to me,
" The time may come when we shall bo strong
enough to take all these lands to our own use, as
•we are entitled to tliem." The policy of making
liberal donations to the new States for in ternal im-
provements, it may be supposed, was yielded to in
part, on account of the pretension which was set up
by some of them more than twenty years ago, to
•the exclusive control of them, on the ground that
' it was inconsistent with the dignity and with the
rights of sovereignty of any State, that a foreign
Government (as this Government was denom-
inated by them) should have the control and dis-
position of the soil within its limits. The question
was seriously and elaborately debated on this
floor; and something like a compromise seems
to have been entered into on the subject. A class
of politicians and statesmen in this country, the
States Rights party, were very much inclined at
first to favor the idea that the new States were en-
titled to the public lands within their limits. Upon
mature consideration, however, they thought it
would not do to make so great a sacrifice—so great
a concession to the theory of State rights; and the
policy of granting lands liberally and generously
to the new States was adopted rather as a mode
of passing by the question, than a definite settle-
ment of it.
I hope, sir, that we shall not multiply the new
States to so great an extent that they will be able
to wrest from the General Government all control
•of the public lands within their limits; but I trust
I may be allowed to say, without offense, that if
the spirit of jealousy which seems to exist on the
part of most of the representatives of the news,
States in Congress with reference to anything
•which looks like an equal participation in the
benefits of the public domain by all the States,
continues to prevail, no man can tell but that the
moment the new States shall have a majority, or
can, by political affiliations of any description,
control a majority of the two Houses of Congress,
-they will appropriate all the public lands to their
own use.
I propose now, sir, to trace briefly the history
of the policy pf granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of railroads to the new States. The first
grants were made with some limitations, which
now appear to be disregarded, it was conceded
that no such grants should be made but to such
roads as, by their connection with other roads,
or with water communications, canals, lakes, or
.rivers, would be of general convenience and util-
ity to the commerce of large sections or of the
whole eouiUry, clothing them with the attribute
of a national road or highway; and no grant was
held to be proper to aid in the construction of
roads merely for local advantages, and to benefit
local trade and intercourse. We have now lost
sight of that consideration in making these dona-
tions. No gentleman of the strictest sect of po-
litical Pharisees in this country now interposes
. any objection on that score, or inquires -whether
the road proposed to be aided is national, or is to
be constructed for merely district or local pur-
poses.
, Again: when the question was pressed, six
'years ago, why not grant lands to the old States
through which these great national roads run, as
well as to that portion of them which passes
through the newStates ? the representatives of the
land States immediately said, " No, we will never
concede the principle that the lands shall be ap-
propriated to any object of public improvement,
or to any part or portion of a road which does not
lie within the limits of our own States." And
-this pretension, thus set up by the nesv States,
Was yielded to. I make this statement particu-
larly in reference to the grant for the Chicago and
Mobile railroad. When a proposition was made'
" to give the benefits of that grant to all the States
through which the road ran, the whole of what
is called the State-rights party in this body took
the position that, under the Constitution, we
had no right to make these grants of land, on any
other ground th^n that they would enhance the
value of the public dojnain;.assuming and urging
that we had the constitutional right to exe.rcise
the policy pursued by every private landholder
in the country, in making improvements on a part
of it that we might sell the remainder to greater
advantage. So hard run were the sticklers for a
strict construction of the powers of Congress over
the public domain, that they had to plant them-
selves on that principle to justify their vote for
these donations. But they would make no grant
to the States which had no public lands.
The idea of having the constitutional power to
exercise all the rights of a private landholder in
managing the public domain was a singular one,
at least, for a State-rights man to embrace; but it
was at best rather a pretext than a bonafule avowal
of a principle. There was, at least, but tittle sub-
stance in it. It was not, in fact, well grounded
in respect to the large grant to the State of Illi-
nois, which was the pioneer of all the grants made
to aid in the construction of railroads; but it an-
swered the purpose of a loop-hole, through which
those who desired to be governed in their policy
on all questions by a strict and rigid construction
of.the Constitution could escape.
My friend from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] must
allow me to make another remark in relation to
the Minnesota grant. That bill was passed the
other day without any inquiry into its effect on
the public domain of the United States. The
strictest constructionists in this House permitted
that bill to pass suh silentio, contenting themselves
with calling for the yeas and nays, and voting
against it. Ill that case the question of benefit to
the public domain was wholly disregarded; no
inquiry was made m relation to it; no inquiry
was made as to the effect on the reserved altern-
ate sections. I have not examined the details of
that bill, and my friend from Michigan wi!l cor-
rect me if I am wrong in my views in regard to it;
but I understand*that it grants lands in aid of the
construction of four roads running nearly upon
parallel lines through the Territory, and in some
parts of them running within twenty miles of
each other. So I am informed. To say that it
is important to make these grants on the principle
that they enhance the public domain, is virtually
and substantially thrown aside. Then we have
no check for these grants in the future, and that
pretext cannot avail any longer for denying grants
of public lands to the other States of the union.
I maintain that it was a delusion, a pretext, in
the case of the Illinois grant. All the speeches
I heard here on that subject, as well as the notices
I have seen taken in the public journals of the
country, vindicated that large grant to Illinois on
the ground that the grant, in that case, amounting
to three millions of acres, penetrated, or rather
intersected, a large body of prairie lands in the
interior of that State, which had been neglected,
although in the marketfor twenty or thirty years,
and would have the effect of making them mar-
ketable and salable, and thus bringing into the
Treasury, in a ven; few years, more money than it
would have received ill ten, or perhaps twenty
years, without such grant. What was the fact?
The gentlemen who projected that road, who
perhaps controlled and influenced the Legislature
of Illinois, and who had sufficient influence to
carry the grant through Congress, brought it for-
ward at the very moment of time when private
enterprise was about to penetrate and intersect
that long-neglected region in the interior of Illi-
nois, by railroads running east and west. I do
not know how many were projected of this de-
scription ; perhaps the Senator from Michigan can
inform me.
Mr. STUART. It is impossible for me to do
so. There is a large number of railroads in Illi-
nois.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I say that project
was brought forward at the very moment when
private enterprise was about opening those lands
without the aid of any grant of the public lands;
and thus, sir, the Government would have found
a ready market for all the public lands in the in-
terior of Illinois, had the Chicago and Cairo road
never been projected. It may Be said, aijd per-
haps with truth, that the large grant to this Cen-
tral road, hastened it? construction, and. that the
Government-was thereby enabled Jo derive a
revenue from the public lands in that particular
region, sooner, by some few years, than it could
have done by waiting the. construction of the
roads projected to run east and west. But the
Government could well wait. We did nqt want
the money; and we now feel the evil effects of has-
tening the sale of thesd lands, in our overflowing
Treasury. I dwell upon facts, to show that there
is really nothing in the constitutional'objection
which has heretofore been urged against dona-
tions of the public lands to the old States; or, at
all events, that there is no real force in the prin-
ciple assumed as a justification for making such
grants to the new States, in exclusion of the old.
The Legislature oflllinois in thatinstance acted,
perhaps, exactly as I should have recommended
had I been a member of that body when Con-
gress was so liberal as to make such a grant as
that. We are told that the Government of the
United States has 110 right to complain of the ad-
vantages derived from this grant by Illinois and
the company which constructed the road, inas-
much as it received a full equivalent, in the sales
of the alternate sections, for all the lands granted
to that State. It is argued that we got $2 50 ah
acre for what was left of the alternate^ sfe&ionts
reserved on thejine of the road. We might have
got that price for the whole of the land, if private
enterprise had' only been left to build the roads
through that region of country. The Illinois Cen-
tral Railroad Company, instead of getting $2 50 an
acre, as I understand, has realized, or can readily
realize, from eight to twelve dollars per acre on
an average of the lands granted by Congress.
But I make no complaint; I take no exception
to the large profits or advantages realized either
by Illinois or the railroad company, from this
grant. I allude to the subject of them to show
how futile and how groundless is the allegation
that the Government is getting a full equivalent
for these grants. The State of Illinois, by the
policy which she has pursued, secures to herself
seven per cent, of the gross receipts of that road
and its branches forever. In consequence of that
one grant, the people of that State, as soon.as
the present debt of the State shall be paid off, will
be released from taxation forever, unless" they con-
ceive some great scheme for developing the re-
sources of their State, for which there seems now
to be no further need. They have all the railroads
they want. I presume the Legislature of Iowa -
have adopted the same policy in regard to the four
roads running upon almost parallel lines through
that State, for which we granted land at the last
session.
We can now see and appreciate the vast ad-
vantages which the new States derive from this
policysof granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of railroads. The giants have been made a
source of revenue to the States to exempt the
people of those States from taxation for the sup-
portof theirgovernments probably forever. These
are great benefits;and we are continuing to bestow
them without any adequate or corresponding ben-
efits to the States which have no public domain.
Now, with what reason, with what justice, or
upon what principle of the Constitution, can those
gentlemen who are the representatives of hew
States objcct to what is proposed in the bill which I
have presented ? Imaintain thattliereisnoreason-
able or constitutional ground of objection or hos-
tility to it. It does not prejudice their rights or
claims in any respect. Even those whose liber-
ality and bounty extend to new and yet unborn
Territories cannot object to it, because there is no
reason to suppose that the same policy will pot be
continued to be practiced by the General Govern-
ment towards them. What does my bill propose.'
As I stated yesterday, I make,no..proposition
havingany relation to so me eighty millions of acres
of land given to the new States, including grants
for education, schools, colleges,and universities,
swamp lands, and internal improvements of minor
importance. 1 take no notice-of those eighty mil-
lions in the estimate of the amount of lands and
money which might be~ fairly, claimed by the old
States to place them on a footing of e^uafitywitl}
the land States,. I take no .exception to, and
claim no equivalentfbJV the munificent donations
for the- support of education, for military roads,
nor to the five per cent, which has been allowed
to the sew States upon the receipts from the sales
