740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
of public lands within th&ir limits. It is in regard
to the grants of alternate sections of public lands
for railroads-and canals, amounting, I suppose,
to some twenty-five millions of acres, that I pro-
pose some equivalent, though far short of a full
and justapportionment to the other States. I will
show you what an enormous amount would be
required to do complete justice to tho old States,
taking the railroad and canal grants alone as the
basis of the estimate—an amount so large that I
would not think of making a proposition upon
such a basis.
• To Iowa, which has only four Representatives
in the two Houses of Congress, say four millions
of dollars worth of public lands have been granted,
estimating them at one dollar and a quarter an
acre, though I believe the amount is greater. In
the same ratio. New York, would be entitled to
thirty-six millions. Take the Illinois grant, and
see to what a length that would lead us. Illinois
has eleven Representatives in the two Houses,
and she has received, say four million dollars
worth of lands. New York, in the same ratio,
would be entitled to twelve and a half millions of
dollars. It may be that the quantity of land
granted to those States may bo even greater—say
live millions. I, however,propose a standard of
apportionment to the States having no land, to
this extent. It would alarm the country too
much, and I do not know that I should be pre-
pared myself to sustain such a proposition at this
time. What I propose in this bill is, to take the
maximum grant of land to any one State or Ter-
ritory, say six;millions in money value,estimated
at $1 25 an acre. In the distribution which I pro-
pose to make, that would be the maximum which
New York would receive; and every State having
no lands of'course would receive a less amount,
or an amount apportioned among them in the
ratio of their representation in the two Houses of
Congress. The new States, which have not had
grants of land, equal in money value to the pro-
portion their representation would entitle them
to, I propose to place upon an <-qual footing with
those States which have had no grants. This
would leave Michigan, Illinois, and Iowa, far in
advance of the other members of the Union, in the
enjoyment of the benefits of the public domain.
I do not propose, of course, to make any addition
to what they have already received, for they stand
already two or three fold in advance of what it
would be expedient or judicious to apportion
among the other States.
Having stated the piinoiplc of the bill, I wish
to call the attention of the Senate to one or two
considerations that I think rather striking in con-
nection with this question. Sir, we cannot get
an appropriation even for the purpose of making
surveys to ascertain the practicability of improv-
ing the feeders to that great natural can^l, the
Ohio river, from Pittsburg to its mouth, trav-
ersing a line of country a thousand miles in ex-
tent. According to the rigorous policy adopted
by those who control the policy of the Govern-
ment, we cannot get a grant of an acre of land,
or an equivalent value m money, to clear out the
annual obstructions formed by the freshets in the
Mississippi. The trunk canal, which drains one
and a half million of square nuies—a country
occupied by fifteen million inhabitants,—a grant
of land or money for that object is said to be un-
constitutional •, but it is perfectly constitutional to
grant public lands to Illinois, by which she is able
to exempt her people forever from taxation—re-
ceives annually #140,000 or $150,000; an amount
which# judiciously applied, would keep the Mis-
sissippi clear of all the annually accruing obstruc-
tions to its safe navigation.
We cannot, without a great contest here, get
from this great fund—this magnificent property of"
the United States, the public domain—enough of
land or money even to ascertain, by examinations
and survey, whether the feeder which nature has
provided for that great canal, the Ohio river, may
not be improved by dams in such a manner as to
insure a supply of water iri the dry months of the
year, of sufficient capacity to float all the produce
.upon its ^borders safely to market. Why? Be-
cause such a grant would be unconstitutional.
Is not this a most extraordinary state of things
one, at least, which requires some thought?
You refuse to appropriate either land or money
for such objects that; and yet you feel perfectly
authorized by the Constitution in giving to each
new State, on the borders of the Ohio, lands to
improve rivers, and make artificial canals within
their limits. On that grand trunk, that great canal,
the Ohio, which sweeps along the borders of four
great States, you are not authorized by the Con-
stitution to appropriate a cent to improve its nav-
igation. To such, I will not say absurdities, but
to such an unreasonable extent is this doctrine of
the strict constructionists carried.
Again, sir, look at the condition of the Treas-
ury at*the present moment. We have probably
a surplus of §25,000,000 iu the Treasury to-day.
We know the ordinary effect of such a state of
things. We know what it was in 1835 and 183G.
JMany political doctors have given their proscrip-
tions—suggested their remedies for this state of
things; and it may be said that I have cast in mine.
Various projects have been suggested. Some are
pending in the other House now—I do not know
of any particular one that is pending in this body.
Each member has Ins favorite medicine, and there
is not much inclination on the paruof any one to
abandon his own for the lemedy proposed by
another. One method is by a readjustment of the
duties on imports. I have seen various estimates
of the extent to which certain reductions of the
duties on various articles of imported merchan-
dise would diminish the revenue and deplete the
Treasury, varying from ten to fifteen millions of
dollars. That is to be done during the present
session, or by this time next year we shall have
a surplus of more than forty millions in the Treas-
ury. But if any measure of that kind is to be
forced through Congress, in the few days that re-
main of the session, what confidence can we have
of its succcss? On that point political doctors
differ as much a5? upon any other.
I have been looking somewhat into the various
schemes presented, and it appears to me that some
of them, which are as likely to succeed as any
others, instead of diminishing the revenue, will
be very likely to increase it, though the duties
may be diminished on a number of articles, and
others made free, and we run the risk of inter-
filing most injuriously with the manufacturing
and agrieultmal interests of the country.
The great fact stares us in the face that we have
a large surplus; and the cry is that the Treasury
must be depleted, even at the risk of doing greater
mischief to the country than might be done by
letting things remain as they are. I do not be-
lieve any judicious or proper financial measure can
be adopted within the short time allotted to us at
this session; so that this suiplus will accumulate
for another year. Even when wc sit here next
winter, we can make no change of duties opera-
tive until the close of the next fiscal year; and, if
the importations go on increasing as they have
done of late, iho surplus may be fifty millions, or
even sixty millions of dollars, before any measure
of that sort can be operative.
I propose that the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands for the last and the present fiscal
year, being about twelve or thiiteen millions of
dollars, estimating the surplus for the present
fiscal year at one half of that of the last, shall be
apportioned among the States in the ratio I have
. suggested. I propose to deplete this bloated
Treasury by that amount, and provide also that
in each successive fiscal year the proceeds of the
public lands shall be appropriated and distributed
in the same way until we reach the maximum
provided for the largest State—and it is a very
moderate sum compared with what would be
necessary to place all the States upon an equality
with some of the land States. This measure
however, will deplete the Treasury to the amount
I have slated, which would be a relief to the coun-
try. I press it more particularly on the ground
that I have no belief you can do anything safely
and prudently, at this session, by a readjustment
of the tariff.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What dispo-
sition does the Senator propose to make of the
bill ?
Air. BELL, of Tennessee. I propose to post-
pone it. The Senator from Florida wishes to go
into executive session, and I make that motion at
his request.
Mr. WELLER. There is no probability of
passing this bill at this session of Congress, or at
any other very soon, and therefore I move to lay
it on the table.
Mr, BELL, of Tennessee. I hope not. I shall
not want to say anything more on the subject,
but other Senators may. Let it be postponed.
Mr. WELLER. There may be other Sena-
tors who desire to engage in the discussion; but
I think it unprofitable.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I hope it will lie
over.
The bill was postponed until to-morrow.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of tho Senate (No. 493)
to expedite telegraphic communication for theuse
of the Government in its foreign intercouse, with
amendments, in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator from Tennes-
see moved to go into executive session.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I promised to make
that motion-.
Mr. RUSK. Thope the Senator will allow the
amendments to the telegraph bill to be read.
Mr. MALLORY. Igave way to the Senator
from Texas on his bill to divitfe his State into
two judicial districts.
Mr. RUSK. Let the amendments be read, and
if there be any objection to them they may lie
over.
Mr. MALLORY. I object to passing them
now.
Mr. WELLER. Let them be printed.
Mr. MALLORY. That can be done to-mor-
row morning.
The motfbn to proceed to the consideration of
executive business was agreed to; and, after two
hours spent therein, the doors were reopened,
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 18, 1857.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
REPORT ON IMMIGRATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
annual report of the Secretary of State upon im-
migration; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS OF IOWA.
Mr. THOIUNGTON, by unanimous consent,
presented the following joint resolutions of thd
Legislature of Iowa; which were ordered to be
printed and refened as indicated below:
A joint resolution requesting a grant of land to
aid in the construction of certain railroads therein
named—to the Committee on Public Lands.
A joint resolution asking an appropriation to
aid in the construction of a custom-house, &.C., at
Burlington, Iowa—to the Committee on Com-
merce.
A joint resolution in reference to the repeal of
duty on railroad iron—to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
A joint resolution requesting-the establishment
of mail routes, &c.,in said State—'to the Com-
mittee on the Post Oifice and Post Roads.
JOINT RESOLUTIONS OF MICHIGAN.^
Mr. WALDRON, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a joint resolution of the Legislature of
Michigan, instructing her Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress m relation to the affairs
of Kansas; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALBR1BGE, by unanimous consent,
presented a joint resolution of the Legislature^ of '
Michigan respecting slavery in the Territories; .
which was laid upon the table and ordered, to be
prin ted.
APPLICATIONS FOR LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. AKERS, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be, and
they are hereby, instructed to mquue into the cause or' delay
In the department of the Q.uarterma^tci General in \epovt-
mohaek applications for laud warrants to the Commissioner
ofPemions, and, if possible, to devise some means by which
such delay may be remedied.
