1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
them, and not intended for any other person or persons, or
for sale; India rubber in bottles, slabs, or sheets, unmanu-
factured; Indiarubber, milk of; indigo; iodine, crude;
ipecacuanha 5 iridium; iris or orris root; iron, scrap, when
old, and fit only to be remanufactured; ivory, unmanufac-
tured; ivory nuts or vegetable ivory; jalap; junk,old;
kelp; kermes; lac dye; lac spirits ; lac sulphur; lastings,
cut in strips or patterns of the size and shape for shoes,
slippers, boots, bootees, gaiters, or buttons, exclusively;
lemon juice, and lemon juice concentrated; lime ; lime
. juice; liquorice root; machinery exclusively designed and
expressly imported-for the manufacture of flax and linen
goods; madder, ground, and madder root; manganese;
manna;-manufactures of mohair cloth, silk twist, or other
manufactures of cloth suitable for the manufacture of shoes,
cut in strips, or patterns of the size and shape for shoes*,
slippers, boots, bootees, gaiters, or buttons, exclusively 5
maps and charts; marine coral, unmanufactured; medi-
cinal roots, leaves, gums, and resins, in a crude state;
models of inventions and other improvements in the arts :
~Provided, That no article or articles shall be deemed a
model or improvement which can be fitted for use ; moss
and other vegetable substances used for mattresses; muff-
jeet, (India madder;) music, printed with lines, bound, or
unbound ; nation 5 nickel; nutgalls ; mix vomica; oakum ;
ochres and ochrey earths, diy; oils, almond, cocoa-nut,
olive, palm, and teal; oil, spermaceti, whale, and other
fish, of Aineiican fisheries, and all other articles the piod-
uce of such fineries; opium ; orange aud lemon peel;
orpiment (and realgar) arsenic ; paintings and statuary, the
productions of American artists residing abroad, and all
other paintings and statuary: Provided, The same be im-
ported in good faith as objects of taste, and not of merchan-
dise ; palm leaf, unmanufactured, paving stones; pearl or
hulled barley; pearl, mother of; personal and household
effects (not merchandise) of citizens of the United States
dying abroad ; pewter, when old and fit only to be remanu-
factured ; plaster of Paris or sulphate of lime, ground or
unground; platina, unmanufactured; plumbago or graphite ;
polishing stones ; pumice and pumice-stones; quicksilver ;
rags of whatever material, except of wool; ratans and
reeds, unmanufactured ; rotten-stone; rhubaib; safflower;
saffron and saffron cake; sago; sal ammonia, ammonia,
and caibonate ofammonia ; saltpetre, or nitrate of soda or
potash, refined or crude; salts ot tin; sarsaparilla; seedlac ;
sheathing coppcr; but no copper to be considered such, and
admitted free, except in sheets of forty-eight inches long
and fourteen inches wide, and weighing from fourteen to
thirty-four ounces the square foot; sheathing metal, not
wholly or m part of iron, ungalvanized; sheathing paper ;
shellac; shingle-bolts and stave-bolts silk? raw, or as
reeled from the cocoon, not being doubled, twisted, or ad-
vanced in manufacture in any way; skin* and hides, raw,
of all kinds, whether dried, salted, or pickled; smalts; spe-
cimens of natural histoiy, mineralogy, or botany; spices of
all kinds; sponges.; spunk ; squills ; substances expressly
used for manures; sulphate andmuriate of potash; sul-
phate ofamtnonia; sumac; tallow, marrow, and all other
grease, and soap stocks and soap stuffs; tapioca; terne, tin
plates; terra japonicaor eatechu; tinfoil; tin, in plates or
sheets, ungalvanized; tin, in pigs, bars, «r blocks; tortoise
and other shells, unmanufactured; trees, shrubs, bulbs,
plants, and roots, not otherwise provided for; turmeric;
type metals and old types, fit only to be remanufactured;
vanilla beans; verdigris; waie, chemical, earthen or pot-
tery, of a capacity exceeding ten gallons; waste, or&hoddy;
watch materials and unfinished parts of watches; wearing
apparel in actual use, and other personal effects, (not mer-
chandise,) professional books, implements, instruments
aud tools of trade, occupation, or employment, of persons
arriving in the (Jmted States: Provided, That this exemp-
tion shall not be construed to include machinery or other
articles imported for use in any manufacturing establish-
ment, or for sale; weld; whiting, or Paris white; woad,
or pastel; woods—namely, cedar, lignumvitfe, ebony, box,
granadilla, mahogany, rosewood, satin wood, and all cabi-
net woods; sheep's wool, unmanufactured, of the value
at the port of impoi ration of fifteen cents per pound or less,
and of the value of fifty cents per pound 01 over, and hair
of the alpaca, the goat, and other like animals, unmanu-
factured 2 Provided, That any wool, or hair of the alpaca,
the goat, and other like animals, which shall be imported
in any other than the ordinary condition, as now and here-
tofore practiced, or which shall be changed in its character
for the purpose of evading the duty, or which shall he
cleansed or purified, or assorted, so as to raise its value at
the port of importation to fifty cents per pound or over, or
which shall be reduced in value by the admixture of dirt,
or any foreign substance, to fifteen cents per pound or less,
shall be subject to pay a duty of thirtv per centum, any-
thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding; zinc or
spelter, in sheets or pigs ; zmc, when old, and fit only to
be remanufactured.
Sec. 2. %/lndbe it further enacted) That all goods, wares,
and merchandise imported from foreign countries, and 111
the public stores prior to the first day of July next, shall be
subject, on entry thereof for consumption, to no other duty
than if the same had been imported, respectively, after that
oay.
Before the reading of tlm above amendment was
finished,
Mr. MILLSON said: Mr. Chairman, we all
know what this amendment provides, and [ there-
fore move that its further reading be dispensed
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the motion will be entertained.
There was no objection; and the motion was
then agreed to.
Mr. McMULLIN. Mr. Chairman, before the
close of the hour debate on this question, I had
hoped I would have been allowed to give my views
generally upon the various? propositions which
have been-already presented". But having failed
to get the floor for that purpose, I must now con-
tent myself, in the five minutes allotted to me un-
der the rule, with referring to the amendment to
the amendment submitted by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Campbell] from the ra'ajority of the
Committee of "Ways and Means. If I correctly
understand that proposition, itenters more largely
into the free list t&an the proposition of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina; and it, besides, very
materially departs from the great fundamental
principle of an ad valorem basis of taxation.
I beg to say to^the gentleman from Ohio, and
all others who think with him on this subject,
that I will never vote for any amendment or prop-
osition which departs to so great an extent as his
proposition does from the great ad valorem prin-
ciple of taxation; for the ad valorem principle is,
in my judgment, the only true, fair, and legiti-
mate mode of taxation by duties on imports. I
can very well imagine why it is that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means propose an amend-
ment which loses sight of that principle as much
as possible! The subject of taxation is the most
delicate and important which can require the
legislation of Congress; and in dealingwith it, it
should be our aim and design to mete out even-
handed justice to every section of our country.
Does the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio
do that? J insist that it does not, in departing as
it does from the principle of ad valorem duties.
As I understand the propositions of the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Boyce,] and the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Mace,] they more
nearly approximate the principle of ad valorem
duties. This subject of taxation once threw this
country into great excitement and confusion.
Notwithstanding that, the gentleman from Ohio
presents a proposition hcic, which is, if possible,
more objectionable than the bill of abominations
of 18*28. That had almost shaken this Confed-
eration to its very center; and yet, sir, notwith-
standing that fact stares us in the face to-day, the
gentleman from Ohio presents to Congress, and
asks for its adoption, a substitute which, to my
mind, is at least as objectionable as the unequal
and unjust tariff of 1828. Are you, Mr. Chair-
man, and are the committee, prepared to sanction
any such proposition? If the collection of the
revenues, and the disbursement of the same, oper-
ated equally to all sections, there would be some
propriety and justice in the proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio.
But I have not the time to discuss this question.
It has been ably discussed by my colleagues and
by others. If this substitute is adopted, you
exempt from taxation wool, and thereby tax
one portion of the community for the benefit of
another. Look the bill ail through, and you will
find that it enlarges the free list much more than
that of the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Boyce,] or that of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Mace.] It not only does that, but it makes
those alterations vastly more oppressive upon the
middle and southern States than the proposition
of the gentleman from South Carolina.
While I hold it to be the duty of Congress to
grasp this subject of the tariff, and adopt such a
scheme as shall have the effect of depleting the
Treasury of the surplus from which the country
is suffering, yet I object to the proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio for this reason also, that it
does not reduce the amount in the aggregate suffi-
ciently. I would vote for a proposition to reduce
the duty fifty per cent, upon the articles as taxed
by the tariff of 1846. It seems to me that a prop-
osition of that sort would be more liberal to the
whole country. The bill of tlie^entleman from
Ohio will not reduce the revenue sufficiently, and
will still leave a large accumulation in the Treas-
ury, and it must continue to accumulate, if I
understand the operation of it. And I beg gen-
tlemen of this committee — I beg gentlemen of
the Northwest, and of the middle section, and of
the South especially, to carefully examine these
two propositions. If they do that, I have no fear
of the result of that examination; and gentlemen
will be compelled to vote with me against the bill
of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire, Mr. Chairman, to
offer an amendment to the original bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Such an amendment will
be entertained.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to a point of order.
There is now an amendment proposed to the
original biH byt¥e gen tleman frdm SoutkiGaror
lina, and also an amen d me nt - to tha% therefore
no further amendment is in order., = ' -
Mr. MILLSON. The amendment ofthe^esr-
tleman from South Carolina proposes to stride- •
out the original bill entirely. • r
Mr. CLlNGrMAN. That makes no different;*
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thznirtf 19 '
within the competency of the committee to -*pef-
fect the part which is proposed:to be stricken out.
before the vote is taken upon the motion to strike
out.
Mr. MILLSON. My amendment is to insert:
after the enacting clause what I send to the Chair. *
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Is that amend-
ment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is, as an amendment
to the original bill. • 1 r
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Virginia that we should first perfect
that which we propose to vote upon now, and we
will have an opportunity to perfect:the origmal
bill hereafter. „ i*
Mr. MILLSON. I cannot offer an amendment
to either the proposition of the gentleman jfrpm-
Ohio, on that of the gentleman from South<Car-
olina.
Mr. HOUSTON. You can perfect the biH of
the gentleman from Soiath Carolina.
Mr. Millson's amendment was then read, as:
follows:
That from and after the first day of July next, in lieu of
the duties heretofore imposed by law on the articles men-
tioned 111 the different schedules of the act approved-July;'
30, 1846, there shall be levied, collected, and paid, oh the
goods wares, and merchandise therein enumeiated and
provided for, impoi ted Irom foreign countries, the following
rates of duty—that is to say : On goods, wart«s, and'mer-
chandise mentioned m schedule A, a duty of fifty per cent-
um ad valorem. On goods, wares, and merchandise, men-
tioned m schedule B. a duty of tu.enty-fivc poi ccniujn ad
valorem. On good*. ware*, and merchandise, mentioned
in schedules C and I), a duty of twenty per centum ad va-
lorem. On goods, waies, and merchandise, mentioned in
schedule E, a duty of fifteen per centum ad valorem. On
goods, wares, and merchandise, mentioned in schedules
F and G, a duty of ten per centum ad valorem.
Sec. 2. JinA be it farther enacted, That from and after the
first day of July next, the goods, wares, and merchandise,
mentioned in schedules H and F, shall be exempt fronjdtity,.
Ssc. 3. ■And be it further enactbd, That Frotn an<i after
the first day of July next, there shall be levied, fcolieeted,
and paid, 011 all goods, wares, and merchandise, importer
fioni foreign countries, and not specially provided foy.in
tins act, a duty of ten per centum ad valorem. ' «
Sec. 4. Jlnd he it further enacted, That all acts and parts
of acts repugnant to the provisions of this act be, andithe
same are hereby, repealed. . „
The CHAIRMAN. The paper just read^by
the Clerk is an amendment offered by the gentle- .
man from Virginia to the 6riginal bill, to come in
immediately after the enacting clause* The Chair
understands the object to be to perfect the original
bill, and the Chair entertains the amendment.
Mr. MILLSON. If the committee will give
me their attention a few minutes, I think"! can
make evident to them the effect that will be pro-
duced on the pending proposition by the adoption
of the amendment which I have just submitted.
The committee will perceivc that the original'bili
is a bill proposing- simply a free list. That bill is*
altogether consistent with the amendment-which
I have offered*, for, if the amendment which 1 have
offered be adopted by the committee, it will'theft
reduce the charges on dutiable goods in all the
schedules; while the bill offered by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means will provide for the Very
free list which I have alluded to in my amend-
ment. • •-
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of order.
I wish to have the question settled—and I do'not
care how. We had supposed on our side of-the
House that no amendment to the originahbill
was in order—that,the question was betwl&n the
amendment of the gentleman from South-Caro-
lina and the substitute offered from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and that you were now
perfecting the substitute, and notthe original bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that the
point of order is not well taken.
Mr. MILLSON. I have but a few brief mo-
meats allowed me to state my amendment, and I
hope these interruptions will not be deducted.
If gentlemen would only take the pains to exam-
ine the character of the pending propositions they
would at once see that the course which I have
taken is tiie only one to secure to the committee
the opportunity of voting between the competing
propositions. The amendment offered by th©
