746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
painted  glass crystals for watches; glass or pebbles for
spectacled; glass tumblers, plain, molded, or pressed, not
cut or punted; paintings on glass; porcclam glass ; grapes;
giinj benzoin or Benjamin ; hair pencils; hat bodies of cot-
ton; hats and bonnets, for men, women, and children,
composed of straw, satin straw, chip, grass, pahnleaf, wil-
low, or any other vegetable substance, or of hair, whale-
bone, or other material, not otherwise provided for; hemp,
unmanufactured;"honey; human hair, cleansed or pre-
pared for use; ink and ink powder; iron, xu bars, bloom,
bolts, loops, pigs, rods, slabs, or other form, not otherwise
provided for; castings of iron ; old or scrap iro$; vessels
of cast-iron; japanned ware of all kinds, not otherwise
provided for; jewelry, real or imitation ; jet and manufac-
tures of jet, and imitations thereof; lead pencils; maeea-
roni, vermicelli, gelatine, jellies, and all similar prepara-
tions,; manufactures of the bark of the cork tree, exccpt
corks ; manufactures of bone, shell, horn, pearl, ivory, 01
vegetable ivory; manufactures, articles, vessels, and wares,
not otherwise provided foi, of brass, copper, gold, iron,
lead, pewter, platina, silver, tin, or other metal, or of which
either of those metals or any other metal shall be the com-
ponent material of chief value; manufactures of cotton,
irnen, silk, wool, or worsted, if emluoidered or tamboured
in the loom or otherwise, by machmeiy, or with the needle
or other process ; manufactures, aiticles, vessels, and
wares, of glass, or of which glass shall be a component
material, not otherwise provided for; manufactures and
articLes of leather, or of winch leathei shall be a compo-
nent part, not otherwise provided for; mauufactuies and
articles ofmaible, marble paving tiles, and all other maibic
more advanced in manufaetme than in slab* or blocks m
the rough; manufactures of paper, or of which paper is a
component material,not otherwise piovided for; manufac-
tures, articles, and wares of papier-mache; manuiaetuies
and articles of siik. or of which m1!c '■dud! bo a component
materia!, not otherwise provided foi ; mnnuiacttue-, of
wood, or ol which wood is a component pan, not othei-
wiso provided for; manufacture, ol wool, or ol winch wool
shall be the component matcnal 01 duel value, not other-
wise provided foi; medicinal preparation:;, not otherwise
provided foi ; metallic pen-*; nnnetal waters; molasses;
muskets, rifle-?, and other fire.aims; nut-, not orbeiwi-e
provided 101; ochres and oelney earths, used m the com-
position of painters3 colors, whether di / or ground in oil;
oil-cloth of every description. of whatever inatcua! com-
posed; oils, volatile, essential,or expressed, and not other-
wise provided for; olis e oii m casks, othei than salad oil ;
olive ^ilad oil, and alt othei olive oil, not otheiwise pio-
vided for; olives; paper, antiquarian, demy, diawmg, ele-
phant, foolscap, imperial, letter, and all other paper not
otherwise provided for; paper ho\es and all other fancy
boxes; papei envelopes; paia ol-, and sum-bodes: paich-
nient; pepper; plated and gilt wateo! all kind*; plaun?
curds; plums; potatoes; red chalk pencils; saddleiy of all
kind--',not othei wise piovitkd Iwr, salmon. p; eser\ eU ; 1 eat-
ing wax; sewni" silks, m the n-fini or punned ; slides entn-
po'scd wholly of India-rubber ; side aims of ovi v desenp
tion; t^ilk tvvi-t, and twtsr composed ot Mile ami nioiian ;
silvct-plated metal, m .--licet- or othci foim ; soap, ('a rib ,
peifumed, Windsor, and all other lands : sti<.rnr oi all kinds;
i>imp of sugar; tobacco, unmauutactuted ; twines and
pack thread, ot whatever matenal composed; uinbielhi-,;
vellum; vinegar; wafers; water color- ; wood unmanu-
factured, not other wise piovided for, and the-wood.
Sckcdule D—per centum ad valorem down to 20.
All articles woven fioin combed wool and imported ut the
/aw state to be dyed, punted, and finished n tins counlrj ;
blankets of all kind-;; boiav or tmctal; Burmindv pitch ;
buttons and button molds of all kinds; bai/.e«, hocking-,
flannels, and floor-cloths, ol whatewi matenal eompo-ed,
not otheiwise provided tor; cable-, and eoidage, tailed ot
untarred; caioinel, and all other meieunal preparations;
camphor, crude; cotton laces, eoiton inserting-, 'cotton
trimming laces, cotton laces and bunds ; silks, p alher
beds, feathers i« r beds and downs ol all kinds; eloth ;
hair-cloth, hair seunmr, and all other manuiaetme, ot Iiau,
not otherwise provided foi; manuiaetures composed wholly
of cotton, not otherwise piovided foi; niauuiactmcs and
articles ot flax, or ot which 11 ux shall be a component mate-
rial, not otherwise piovided toi; manutaetures of goats'
hair or mohair, oi of whiWr goats' hair or mohair shall he a
component matenal, not otheiwise provided lor; manu-
factures of worsted, or of which worsted shall be a com-
ponent material, not othci wise piOMded .or; matting. China,
and other floor matting and mat-', made of flag-s, jute, oi
grass; roofing slates, And slates other than roolmg slates;
tulk, cham, and worsted filling; woolen and worsted jam.
Sch&lule E—20 per centum ad valorem down lo 16.
Acids8—acetous, chromic, and all other acids of eveiy de-
scription used in the hue aits; aloe-;; jflum ; ambn ,'am-
beigns; Angora, Thibet, and other goats'hair ot moh.in,
unmanuiacturcd; anisesced; animal caibon; antimony,
crude and regulusot; arrow root; anaicetida; bacon; ba-
nana-*; barley; beef, beeswax ; Denies, vegetable •>, floweis.
and barks, not otherwise provided ior; bwruuh; bitter
apples; blank-book-?, bound or unbound, (.see penodieal.,;)
blue or Kotnan vmioUoi sulphate ol copper; boards, planks,
staves,laths, >contling,spartf, hewn and sawed tunbei, and
timber to be n.ed in building wiruves; boueho leaves;
breccia; bronze lienor ; bionze powder; buttei; cadmium ;
calomuie, cuntharidos ; cap-*,gloves, leggings, mirs, sock-,
stockings, wovo shuts and diavveis, made on fiames, com-
posed wholly of cotton, worn by men, women, and chil-
dren ; cassia buds; castor oil; c-istoiuni; cedar wood,
ebony, grauudil'a, mahogany, ro-ewood, and eaun wood,
unmanuiacturcd ; chocolate ; ehiouiate of lead; chiomate,
bichiomate, hydiiodatc, and pru-sute of potash; cobalt;
cocoanuts; coculus ind<cu-, coppci-is or gteen vituol, or
sulphate oi iron ; coppei rods, bolts. nads, and spikes; cop-
per bottoms; copper, in sheets or plates, called braziers3
copper, and other sheets of copper, not otheiwise provided
foi; cubebs; di icd pulp ; emery; ether ; feldspar; fis blue ;
fish, foreign, whether fresh, smoked, waited, dried or pickled,
not otherwise provided tor; fish glue, oi tsinghie^; fish
skins; flour of sutphui ; Frankfott black; Fiench chalk;
fulminate?, or fulminating powder; furs, drc-sed on the
skin; gamboge; glue; green turtle; gunny cloth; gunpow-
der ; hair, curled, moss, sea weed, and al! other vegetable
substances used for beds or mattiesses; hams; hats of
wool; hat bodies made ol wool, or of which wool shall Ls
a component matenal of chief value; hatte-s' plush, com-
posed of silk and cotton, but of which cotton is the com-
ponent matcnal of chief value ; hemp seed or linseed, and
rapeseed oil, and all otb-jr oils used in pan.ting; Indian
corn and com meal; ipecacuanha; indium; ins or orns
root: iron liquor; ivory or boneblack; taiap; jurnpci ber-
ries; lard; leather, tanned, bend, or sBlc; leather, uppu,
of all kinds; lead, in pigs, bars, or sheets; leaden pipes;
leaden shot; leechcs; linens of all kinds; liquoiice paste,
juice, or root; malt; manganese; manna; manuiaetures
of hemp, not otherwise provided for; marble, in tins rough,
slab, or block, unmanufactured; maune coral, unniariuiac-
tured; medicinal drugs, loots, and leaves, in a crude stat'1,
not otherwise provided for; metals, Dutih and bionze. in
leaf; metals, unmanufactured, not otherwise provided for;
I nnneial and bituminous subsiances, m a ciude state, not
otherwise provided foi ; musical mstiuments ot all kinds,
and strings for musical mstiuments of w hip gut or c-ateut,
and all other strings of the same matenal ; needles ot ail
kinds, for sewing, darning, oi knitting; nmate of lead; oats
and oatmeal; oils—neatsioot and oilier annua! oil, speim-
aceti, whale, and other fi-.h oil, the produce of foi oign ft -h-
enes; opium; oiange?, lemons, and limes; oiati^o and
lemon peel; osier or willow, prepaied lor basket niakeis'
use ; patent mordant; paints, diy or ground in oil, not other-
wise piovided for; paper hangings, and papei for scieens
or fne-boaids; paving-stones ; paving and joofing tiles and
bricks ; pearl or hulled bailey ; periodicals and other woik?
in course of punting and republication in the United States ;
pineapples; pitch; plantains; plasteror'Paus.whenground;
plumbago; pork; potas-iuni; pumpkins; putiy, {juicksil-
ver; quiils; red chalk; lhubaib; 1j0e.0rp.uld3 5 roll bnm-
stone; Llomau cement; rjeand rvefioui"; saddlerv, corn-
111011, tinned, or japanned ; safiion and saffion cake ; sago;
sal soda, and all caibonates of soda, by whatevei nahies
designated, not otherwise provided 101; ^alts—Epsom, g!au-
ber, Rochelle, and all other salts and pi epilations 01 salt-1,
not otherwise provided for; sarsapanlla; seppia: shad-
docks; sheathing paper; skin-,, tanned and dicw~d, ol all
kinds ; skins of all kinds, not otherwise piovided for; slate
pencils; -malts; speunaceti candles and tapers; spnits of
turpentine ; sponges j -punk ; squills ; st.ucli; steaiine can-
dles and tapcis; steel, not othej vvi^e pro^njed {or; ^teic-o-
lype plates; still bottoms; suljihate of baivtes. crude or
iciiued: sulphate of quinine; tollow candles;' tapioca;
tai ; tluead lace--! and inserting-*, type metal; typc-t, new
or old; vanilla beans; veuligns; velvet, m the piece, com-
posed wholh ot cotton ; velvet, m the piece, cornpo-ed of
eotton ami siik, hut 01 vvlneh cotton i> the 1 omponcn' m.i-
tenal of duel value; vermilion; wax candies and taper-*;
]' whalebone, the pioduco of foieign hshcne- ; wheat and
j[ wheat floui ; u ime and icd lead, whiting. 01 1'an,white;
jl uhite Miiif'l.or -ulphate ol 7ine; window -:1a--«, rioivn.
,j poh lied 01 ui:pch--]iod—ejhndoi, poll-Led 01 ill.polished.
;! giound, enameled,01 obsem-d—plat<>«lasi., pohslied, lough,
|j lolled, or llnted ; ivooleu listing >; >anis.
i; Sthcdufe F—l"t jicr trnfarn ad valoicni'lown to 12.
|| Alpine; bark, Uuilla; Biazi! paste; eoik-tiee b.uk,
I! uninanuiactuicd ; diamonds, giazier1-'. set 01 not set; diag-
; on's blood; gold ami siivei leal; mineial kcnncs ; ste<l,
j I in bars, en.-t, sheer, 01 Geiuian ; Tome 1111 pla'Co ; tin toil;
i, tin, m platen or sheets; tin plates, galvanized, not other-
;j ww. piovided for; zine. spelter, or'teufeneuue, m sh<-ets.
Schedule G—10 fcr centum ad valo/cmdou-n to 8.
Ammonia; annatto, Kancon 01 Oncans; books pnnted,
maga/.me-, pamphlets, periodicals, and iMusjiatcd i cw«pn-
pei-, hound 01 unbound, nototheiwise piovuled loi ; build-
ing stone.-,; cameos and mosaics, and imitations theieoi
noi set; ehronometeis, box or ship-', and paits thcieol ;
cocoa ; eoeoa shell-*; compositions of glass or pas-te. not
set; diamond-, Kcni-i, peails, lubi.-.^, and other preciou-
stones, and imu<uions theieof, when not set; emnavmgs
<^r plates, bound or unbound ; hempseod and r.ipcseed ;
lullcis* earth ; fuis, haueis-\ dressed or undie-sud, not on
the skin; litis undiecsed. when o:i the^km; goldbeaters'
skins: gum Aiabic and gum Senegal; cum tiagacanth ;
gum Baibaiy; gum East India; gum Jcdda; gnm.subsii-
tute, 01 burn! staich ; hair of all kind-s. mx leaned and uu-
manufa'-Mtired; India lubbei, in bottles, slabs, or sheets,
unmanuiacturcd; kelp; hmon and hmc juice; hme;
maps and choits; mu-'ic and music papei, with lines,
bound or unbound; nation; mix vomica; oils, palni and
eocoanut; oipnnent; palm leal, unmanufaetuied ; poh-h-
ing stones; pumice and pumice Moncs; ratansaud reed-,
immamnactured ; lotten f-tonc ; sal ammonia; siltpetrc,
(or rntiate 01 soda,01 potash,) lefined <")i partially rehned :
,i soda u-h; sulphnnc atid, or oil of vituol; tadow, mar
i; io\\, and all other greasij and soap s-rock1- and soap s tufis,
;j not otherwise piovided lor: terra japomea, or catechu ;
| j watehe-and parts ol watehe.s ; watch materials of all kinds,
jj not othci wise piovided lor; wool, unmanuiacturcd.
I i Sckcdule H—3 per centum ad vuloi cm down to 4.
p Acids—acetic, bciuoic, boracic, cifiic, muriatic,"*whitc
and j c 1 low, nitric, o.vahc. pj n>iigueous arid taitarie, and
I ail 01 her acids of eveiy description, used for chemical,
l> mcdu.i'ial, or manuiaetur'ner pin pot es, not otnerwiso pro-
vided tor; aieonioque ; argbl, or ciud.e tartar; aiticles. not
•s m aetud<; siate, used in dyeing or Tanning, nototheiwise
[; piovided foi; banlln ; belN. when old.01 bell moral, titonlj
!| to be jemanulactuicd; llcnehing powder, oi clilond" of
ji hme ; hnm-tonc,crude, in hulk ; bustles ; chalk,not other-
j| wise piovided for ; clay, i.nvvrougiit; cochim'al; copper m
,! pigs or bars ; coppei. uheu old, and fit only to be reman-
j! ulaciurcd ; cream of taitai; euifoear; e.\tiacts of mdigo;
jj extract? and dccooiious ot logwood and other dye-woods,
jj not otherwise provided tor; extract of madder; flax, un-
II mamilactured; thnts ; giunittonosj wi ought or unwiouglit;
• horud, hoin tip-, bonus, Uono-tip-«. au<l feth, unmanui.ie-
(1 tuied ; indigo : ivoiv, unmanufactun'd ; ivory nuts,or vege-
ij table ivorj ; Jute, Manilla, and £isal giass, coir and other
11 vegetable substances, umnanutactured, not otherwise pro-
•' for; kernes 5 lac dye; lac spirits; lac sulphur; lamp-
, black; lastmgs, suitable for shoes, boots, bootees, or buttons,
exclusively: hthajse; manufacuucs of mohau cloth,-?itk,
twist, or other manufactuie of cloth suitable for the man-
ufacture of shoes, hoots, bootees, or buttons, exclusively;
nickel; nut galls ; pearl, mother of; pewter, when old, and
. fit only to be rctnanufactuied; Prussian blue; rags, of what-
ever material; raw bides ami skms of all kinds, whether
; dried, salted, or pickled, not otherwise provided for; saf-
| ilower; saltpetre, or nitrate of soda, or potash, when crude ;
: fccedlac; sbeilae; silk, law, with or without the gum,im-
i polled 111 the condition in which it conies Jiom the cocoon,
i not being doubled, twisted, oj advanced in manufacturesin
I i any way; sumac; tin, in pigs, bars, or blocks; tortoise and
other shells, unmanulactured: tuimenc; waste, or shoddy;
! weld; woad, or pastel; zinc, spelter, or teutenegue, u'li-
|! nianulactuied, not otheiwise piovided for.
Si hcdnle I—jExempt from duty
All books, maps, clunt.-, mathematical, nautical instru-
ments, philosophical apparatus, and all other a.tides what-
ever. iinpoited foi the use of the United Stales ; all philo-
sophical apparatus, instruments, books, maps, and charts ;
statues, statuary, busts and ca^ts, of marble, bronze, ala-
bastei, or piaster of Pans ; painting", diawftgs, etchings ,
specimens of sculptute; eabuiets of coin^, mvdals, gems,
j and al! eoile-".tionsyof aetiquitics: Provided., 'J'he same be
j specialh imported in good laith ior the use of any society
j incoiporated or established ior philosophical or I.tciary pur-
1 poses, 01 for the encouragement of the fine parts, or loi the
,, use ot by the order of any college, aoademy, school, or
j' scuunai v of learning 111 the Umt"d States; animate of all
( kind.-; haik, Pciuvian ; berues, nuts, flowers, plants, and
; \eg'tables, used exclusively m dveing, or in composing
, dyes; but no aiticleshall be classcd as such thathas under-
gone any mauuiactiue; bolting cloths; books, maps, and
j clxutoimpoitod by authonty ol the Joint inbiary Conmnttee
{ of Consxiess loi tire use of the Jjilnarv of Concrcts: Pro-
vided, That if m anj ca-,e, a contract sjiallliave been made
with an., bookselioi, 1 nipoitci.01 other person for books,
map-; 01 < hni t«, m wInch contiaot the bookseller, iinpoitor,
01 other pCi on a'oi<-aid -•hall have paid the dut>, or in-
cluded the duty in said eontiaer, in .c,uch case the duly shall
not be leinittcd ; lha/.il ood, brn/alletto, and ,ill other dye-
wood- in stick*:; bullion, gold and silvvi; bmr-&tones,
wioijgiit or unwiouglit; cabmets',of coins, medal., atid oilier
col'cctions (.1 antuputK's ; codilla, 01 tow nt hciiijioi flax;
roller and tea, when impoited diwerfioui the place of their
growth or production m Aiiiencan ves-.i's. 01 in loieign ves-
sels entitled by rccipiocal treaties to be exempt fiom drs-
ciiinmaiing dunes, tonnage, and other char::c& ; cofieo, the
growtlioi pioduciionot the po-scssrou-? ot the Net'icilnnds,
nnporte<l tiom the Ncthrjland - m the same mnnner: coins,
gold, siivei, and coppci ; copper ore; copper, when un-
polled for the United States Mint ; cotton ; felt, adhesive,
lor sheeting vessels; tiax seed; truits and vegetables, gieen
011 tpe. nototner wise provided tor; garden sec\h and nil other
' eod- loi au'iieultmal. hoiiieuinir.sl. medicinal, and manu-
l.ictuini^ fiinpo. es. not othci wi-'C pi ovided foi; goods, wares
and meiehamhsr, tile giowth, pio;luce3 01 manufacture of
tie. U.'iit d on;c.\p< ued to a ioteicn couiuiy and brought
back to the United ^t.^fes m the -.line eo.idilion a= when
evpoired. upon whien no dia\^li,iek 01 houn'j ha- been
allowed: 2'ioudcd, That ail regulat.on.- to a-ceifam the
nit ntitv thereof, pr.:-c. bt d by exutiug l.iu -, <> 1 v. Inch may
be pie cubed bv the Sorietai> of the TicaMiiy, shall be
complied with ; cuann , Inni -rliold eficcts, old pud in use,
of pei.-oii.-. oi lamihe: l nm i'oi«  gu eountrie's, u' u^cd nbioad
by ihem, and not intcr.'led ior any othei pn-ono: persons,
.01 lor-ale; iee; junk, old; niaddei, giound or picpared;
madder loot, models of invention and othei 1 uniovem ^its
m the ait? : l'i ox ultd, That no aitir le oi ail'^les rhall be
deemed a model or unpiovement which can he filled for rtse;
oakum ; oil, spermar (tr. whale, and othei ti ••h.or Ameucan
fisln-t n-s, and a:I other anicles the pi educe 01 such fisheries ;
painting.- and 1 tatirny. the pioduetions of American artists
residing abroad, and all other painting- and statuary: Pro-
vided\ The-ame ^ impoittd in good faith as objects of
ta.-tc, end nor of meiciiandise ; pcisonal and household
effect^ (not merchaudi-e) of citizens of the United States
dung nbioad ; plaster ol Pans, ungiound; platina, uuman-
uiaciujeti; salt 01 ail kinds; sheamuc copper; but no cop-
per to l,o considered Mich, and admitted free, except in
sheets of fortv-eight inches long and fourteen in' h"<- wide,
and weighing from touieento thiity-four ounces tho-qnaie
foot; sheatHisr metal; specimens of natm il In-ton , mm-
etalogy, or botany; tiees, shiuh-i. bulbs, plant-;, and root--,
not otheiwise piovided foi ; wearing apparel in actual use,
andotiier personal effects, (not meichandi&e.) p or'e.-oional
boous. implement-!, mt-tmnienf-, and tools ot trade, oeru-
P'lf.on, or cmploMnenf, ofpeisons anivmg in the United
States; P?o):uicr/.Thai this exemption shah not be eonshued
j to include ma^hmciy or otlicr aiticles impoited lot use 111
anv mnnufaefnnnsr establishment. 01 for -ale.
!' Skc . A mi be it fmthei cvavlc-1, That from and alter the
, Is: day of July, 1 V>7. theie shall be levied, collected, and
( p'od 0*1 nil goo<N, wares, a.nd inesehandi-o, imported from
j loieicn countries, and not c-peciallv provided foi m tins act,
: a dutj of sixteen per centum ad valorem.
Mr. LETCHER. I can, perhaps,explain my
amendment more satisfactorily to the committee
: than it could be understood by reading. The
. amendment of my colleague begins: " that from
, and after the first of July ih;xt." I propose to in-
sert my amendment after that point, beginning'
. 4' there shall be a reduction of twenty per cent.,"
1 as an amendment to that amendment. I have
' made some changes m the printed amendment
■ which I offered, to which I wish to call the atten-
; tion of the committee, in order that they may be
| understood.
| in schedule D, page 14,1 insert as line two hun-
! dred and twenty-seven and a half and on, the fol-
j lowing: " all articles woven from combcd wool,
I and imported in the raw state, to bo dyed, printed,
