1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and ^finished in this country.'' In the &ime ached -
ule I insert as line two hundred and fifty-five and
a half the words, "silk chain and worsted filling."
In page 18, line three hundred and twenty-two,
strike out the word " flaxseed," and insert it in
schedule I, page 31. In page 23, line four hun-
dred and fifty-four, strike out the words, " win-
dow-glass, broad, crown, or cylinder," and insert
the words, " window-glass, crown, polished or
unpolished; cylinder, polished or unpolished,
ground, enameled, or obscured; plate-glass, pol-
ished, rough, rolled, or flute'd;" and in page 25,
line four hundred and eighty-nine, strike out the
word "linseed."
I have made this change, which is the only
important one, for this reason: In the year 1856,
there were imported into this country five hun-
dred thousand bags of flaxseed, containing four
bushels to the bag, on which a duty of twenty
per cent., under the existing tariff of 1846, was
levied. This importation is for the purpose of
manufacturing linseed oil. Everybody who knows
anything at all upon the subject, knows that out
of the importation of flaxseed, only about one
fourth, or twenty-five per cent., is manufactured
into oil, while the remaining three fourths, or
seventy-five per cent., is made into oilcake, and
exported to England as an article to be consumed
by their agriculturists, there being no market for
it here. Therefore, when you levy a duty of
twenty per cent, on it, and only a quarter of the
article is expressed into oil, you are in fact levy-
ing a duty equivalent to eighty per cent. The
English Government admits flaxseed free, and
that Government is a competitor in the market
for the acquisition of flaxseed. The oil goes into
consumption in all portions of the country for the
protection of timber of every species against
weather and destruction. That is my reason for
inserting these articles of linseed and flaxseed in
the free list. The reason was satisfactory to my
own mind, and I have, therefore, made those
changes. _ ,
There is one other change in line four hundred
and fifty-four, in reference to glass. I put it in
in these express terms because of the fact that
under the existing tariff law of 1840 importation
of glass in the city of New Orleans is taxed with
one rate of duty, while importations of the same
in New York are taxed with a different rate of
duty. This amendment is merely descriptive,
and to avoid, in future, inequalities and the neces-
sity which drives importers into the courts of the
country for relief agamstthe collection of improper
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am opposed to
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia.
In reference to what he said about flaxseed, that
ia an agricultural production of growing import-
ance to his State and to the Northwest. It is
manufactured there under disadvantages, to some
extent, in the competition with-the manufacturers
of the sea-board. If flax were admitted free of
duty, the manufacturers of the sea-board would
have the advantage of the freight between the
sea-board and the interior, where the oil is manu-
factured, and then the advantage of the freight on
he oil between the interior and the sea-board for
exportation. For some reason unknown to the
committee, our farmers do not consume the cake
in- feeding stock as the English agriculturists
and stock growers do. If, therefore, we put the
article of flaxseed on the free list, it will be an
injustice. If, on the other hand, as the bill of
the Committee of Ways and Means proposes, we
leave it where it is under the act of 1846, the man-
ufacturer of the oil will have the advantage of the
protection, and the grower of the seed will have
advantage of the protection. This is all that I
have to say in regard to it.
Mr. LETCHER demanded tellers on his
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Thoring-
ton and Galloway were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 63, nays 73.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. PULLER, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
offer an amendment as an amendment to the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Millson.] It is the same as that submitted by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] with
"the exception that I omit in the free list " iron
scrap, when old, and fit only to be remanufac-
tured." If the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio passes as it was originally reported, it must,
in my judgment, result in defrauding the Govern-
ment of its revenue, and to the great injury of the
blast furnaces of the country. Nothing is easier
in the world than to make iron look old. All
familiar with the manufacture of iron know that
it can be drawn irom the furnaces in all shapes,
and in no shape at all; that blooms can be broken
up,and that during their passage over a few buck-
ets of salt water will make them look very ancient
and worn out.
But gentlemen may exclaim that the discrim-
ination and intelligence of the ^stom-house offi-
cers would protect it. We cannot rely upon that;
for I remember very well that under the tariff of
1842, what was called " sprues," which was mere
dross, was admitted free of duty, for the purpose,
I suppose, of using it as ballast; but it is a histor-
ical fact that some enterprising Boston merchant
brought in a large amount of what appeared to
be that article as ballast, when it turned out to be
good iron. The effect of the proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio would be really to admit free
of duty all kinds of cast iron, and every species
of wrought iron in naked bars.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, if T understand him,
proposes to strike out the amendment I have sub-
mitted, and to insert a proposition which is sub-
stantially the same thing as that of the gentleman
from Ohio, so that the question will now be, in
another form, between the recommendation of the
Committee of Ways and Means and some sub-
stantial proposition for reducing the duties upon
manufactures as well as upon articles of raw
material. Now, I need not say that I am utterly
opposed to that amendment. I regret very much
that Up to this time the conflicting propositions
before the committee have been submitted from
the same side of the House, thus preventing that
full and clear exposition of the views of the com-
mittee which would have taken place could we
have had a vote between the protectionists and
the non-protectionists.
My proposition suggested a reduction of duties
upon manufactured articles, but also upon the
raw material, and I ask what can be the objection
to it? The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Campbell,] who spoke first in the debate, com-
plained that the effort was to increase importa-
tion, and I thank the gentleman for the candid
admission he made, that the adoption of this
proposition would encourage importation, be-
cause that admission shows the extent to which
our foreign trade has been impaired by the oper-
ation of this protective system.
But, sir, do gentlemen upon the Opposite side
of the House want a greater degree of protection
than the manufacturers now enjoy ? Are they
not content with that equal protection which my
amendment proposes ? For while it reduces the
duty upon manufactured articles, it reduces it
also upon the raw material, and gives them a
compensation for the reduction. But are they
now contending for a higher rate of protection
than they have heretofore enjoyed? Are they in
this age of the world, when free trade has been
making such rapid progress all over Christen-
dom, when the people of England themselves
have compelled a relaxation of the rigorous sys-
tem of protection—are we at this age of our his-
tory to be asked to give an increased degree of
protection to the manufacturers of our country ?
I do not believe that the proposition I have sub-
mitted will have as disastrous an effect even
upon the manufacturing interests as that sup-
posed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania. It
may be that there are some kinds of manufac-
tures which are stimulated and fostered by the
operation of this protective system, and which
might suffer by the removal of the bounties now
secured to them; but there would be a ready
transfer from those branches of industry to others
which could successfully compete with the in-
dustry of foreign nations. It would be but a
transfer; and I undertake to say that no man
would be thrown out of employ more than tem-
porarily, as men are sometimes thrown out of
employment by the introduction of new labor-
saving machinery. The general effect would be
beneficial.
I oppose the gentleman's amendment, then,
upon the ground that it involves an increase of
the protection heretofore given to manufactures,'
and that, too, when the public voice seems to de~
mand a reduction of these protective duties, «*<
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I call foriejffs
upon the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. '
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Faulkner
and Millward were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 87, noes 49.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be on
the amendment as amended.
Mr. BOCOCK. Under the decision ofthe Chair,
the committee cannot perfect the original bill—
The question comes up now, first on the substi-
tute of the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Boyce,] and then on the other substitutes. If
we adopt this proposition as amended, then it will
be too late to amend either substitute.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not the fault of
the Chair, nor of the statement of the Chair.
Mr. BOCOCK. The Chair stated the question
to be on the amendment as amended. To that I
take exception. I say the question is first on the
substitute of the gentleman from South Carolina,
and then on the substitute to that offered by tha
gentleman from Ohio. v
The CHAIRMAN. The gentlejnan from Vir-
ginia offered to insert, by way of amending the
original proposition, after the words " be it en-
anted," a distinct proposition, not to strike out
anything, but to insert after these words his own
proposition. The Chair entertained the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Fuller,] to amend the proposition of the gentle
man from Virginia, and that amendment to the
amendment has been adopted. The question now
occurs, shall the proposition of the gentleman
from Virginia as amended be adopted ?
Mr. HARLAN. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to know whether the proposition that has
been adopted as an amendment of the proposition
of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Millson]
is open to amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not. .
Mr. HARLAN. So I thought; but a portion
of my friends on this side of the House were
gulled in reference to this matter.
Mr. BOCOCK. I shall take but little time on
this subject. The committee know that I occupy
very little of its time. As I understand, Mr Chair-
man, there was a proposition made in the form
of an original bill. To that the gentleman from
South Carolina offered an amendment by way of
a substitute. To that amendment the gentleman
from Ohio offered another substitute—an amend-
ment in the second degree. The question was then
asked the chairman of the committee, whether,
before this vote was taken, it was not competent
for the committee to perfect the original propo-
sition, and the Chair decided it to be competent.
The rule gives the authority. Itstates that, when
it is moved to amend by striking out certain words
and inserting others, it is competent to perfect the
original proposition before taking the question
between the competing propositions.
Now, I say that the additional proposition
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania has been
adopted by way of perfecting the original prop-
osition, in order to prepare it for the competing
vote between that and the other propositions. If
the Chair reflect a moment, it will perceive that
this position is correct. Here was the amend-
ment of the gentleman from South Carolina.
Here was the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio. How can they be got rid of? Another
amendment such as that offered by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, and which has been adopted,
could not be received to cut them out, because it
was offered after the others ;«nd they were enti-
tled to precedence over it. It conld be received,
only to perfect the original proposition, so as to
prepare the vote between it and these substitutes.
But, according to this decision of the Chair, the
amendment offered fourth in order is to cut off ^
amendments first in order and second m order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia evidently labors under a misapprehenswn,
and the Chair will state the proposition. The
gentleman from South Carolina offered the pend-
ing proposition to amend the original bill, and the
gentleman from Ohio offered a substitute for that
amendment. These remain in abeyance until
