m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
the original proposition is perfected. The Chair
hss no difficulty af all as to its course. The ques-
tion now is on the proposition of the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Mitj.son] as amended.
_ Mr. EtJSTIS. I desire to offer an amendment
to place wines on the free list.
. Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call for tell-
ers on the pending question.
r The CHAIRMAN. The Chair entertains the
proposition of the gentleman from Louisiana.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I respectfully
suggest to the Chair that that cannot be in order.
The amendment of the gentleman from Virginia
has been adopted, as I understand.
t The CHAIRMAN. It is the pending propo-
sition.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania to the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia lias
been adopted; and now I submit that the only
question in order is whether tho amendment us
nmeoded shall be adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair considers that
the proposition of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania having been adopted as an amendment to
the proposition of the gentleman from Virginia,
the question would recur, u Shall the proposition
of the gentleman from Virginia, as amended, be
adopted?" While at that point, the gentleman
from Louisiana proposes to add by way of amend-
ment. There is no amendment in the second
degree "how pending. The Chair decides that the
amendment is in order.
- .Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. -The Chair is
right.
Mr. EUSTIS offered his amendment to place
wines on the free list; but, before the co.mmittee
bad token a vote on it, withdrew it.
Mr. SEWARD I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the bill:
Provided, That when the duty raided bv imports m tho
aggregate shaJt exceed the siun of torty-cight miliums of
dollar*, then ui<; Secretary of the TieaMiiy shall tedder, in
equal ratio, tho duties levied on tho vauous aiticics and
goods* now subject to duty, until the jevenne i* jeduced to
saul Him ; and it'it shall be ascertained that the Mini of ioiiy-
eifjhumlhon^ot'dolkus exceeds the cm i cut annual expenses
of iho Government, then a like ieduction shall he made, unit!
the aggregate amount of icvemic hluili he reduced to the
amount of revenue necessary to meet the lei/inmate warns
of*tho Government. And if, at any time, by any leduetmn
bo.iuaUc, a U>s amount than is necessary to pay the ex-
penses of the Government for each fiscal jour bhall l 3 eol
lecfed, then the duties shall he increased m the a.uno ratio
upon saut dutiable article* and goods, until the oeeessaiv
amount aUali be iui ed to moot the expenses of each liie.il
year. Pro tided, hoirci-cr, That the miiii to be raided <ha!l
not exceed forty eight millionsot dolhus—-the Heeietatvof
the Tn'usuiy, at the beginning oi each fiscal year, to grad-
uate the duties tor oaeh year, m conformity with this* act:
Jlrul prowled/wither, That no higher duty shall be as-e-Mxl
by the Pmetary of the Treasury than is prescribed !>} law.
My amendment assumes that the expenses of
the Government will be about foity-nght million
dollars per annum. That is the amount estimated
by" the Secretary of the Tieasury, as necessary
fur the economical support of the Government.
Now, if the rate of duty contemplated by the bill
Upon your table be correct,! propose to graduate
that duty so that the amount raised upon impor-
tations may not excecd $48,000,000. If it shall
appear that the Government can be administered
for less than that sum, the Secretary of the Tieas-
ury is authorized to reduce, in equal ratio, the
duty upon each article until the aggregate amount
of revenue is brought down to the wants of the
Government. He is restricted also by the amend-
ment againstmaking a higher assessment of duties
than is contemplated by that bill.
Now, sir, if we want to guard against extrav-
agance and excesses in the appropriations made
by Congress, and to raise no more money out of
the pockets of the people than is necessary to sup-
port the Government, that amendment is neces-
sary. Again, it guards against fluctuations because
the estimates and calculations are to be made by
the Secretary of the Treasury at the commence-
ment of each fiscal year. So that there can be no
change, except from year to year, of the amount
of duties, and they in no case are to exceed
$48,000,000. Every dollar legislated out of the
pockets of the people beyond the wants of the
Government is legal robbery. Gentlemen here
talk about free trade, aboutcconomy, about want-
ing to raise only the amount of levenue necessary
to the support of the Government. Now, my
amendment secures the Government against all
extravagant appropriations of money, and con-
fines us to the amount necessary to support the
Government, by which the means of excess are
cut off. I hope the committee will adopt it. It
is right and correct in principle, and if you adopt
it, you will never have an over-full Treasury to
talk about depleting by extravagant appropria-
tions of money.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maing. I believe there
is some merit m the idea upon which the gentle-
man's amendment is founded; but I am con-
strained to oppose the amendment, and for two
reasons. It will be very difficult to exccute the
law in such way as to effect the purpose intended
to be accomplished. It requires too much ma-
chinery, and gitrs too largo discretion, to be
either convenient or safe; and I am opposed to it
because I desire most sincerely that some bill for
the reduction of the revenues, and for the advant-
age of the great interests of the country, should
be passed at the present session; and i am sure
that no bill which shall essentially differ from
that reported by the chairman of the Committee
of \Vays and Means this morning, can be passed
at this time. I do not, I regret to say, think the
chance of passing this very good. And if we
cannot do so much, it is certain we cannot do
more. The bill does not suit me exactly, or
nearly. I would, if I had the power, make a
very different law. But this is better, vastly bet-
ter, than no law. It is in the right direction—it
is good as far it goes. It will accomplish, or tend
to accomplish, three things, all of which I think
eminently to be desired. It will reduce the lev-
enues ten or fifteen millions of dollars per annum.
No man in the House or out of it will object to
this. It will benefit the consumer—every man
who buys. It will benefit the producer—every
man who sells. It removes the duty from a lar^c
numbei of articles which are not of the produc-
tion of this country, and thereby educes the cost
of them to the consumer to the extent of the
duty. It enables the home manufacturer, who
uses many of these articles, to sell cheaper than
before, and thus to carry on a successful compe-
tition wiih tho foreign manufacturer. It encour-
ages him to go to work, and by so donvj, tends
to increase the production and reduce the price of
whatever he works upon, while he secures a fair
profit to himself.
Thus, sir, it is; and I assert that it is true
beyond cavil, that the effect of this bill will be to
benefit every man in the country. There is not
a consumer of any article affected by it who will
not be able to buy cheaper than he could buy m
absence of the law; and there is not a producer
in the country, whether agricultural or manufac-
turing, who will not find his interest promoted
by it—the latter because he can sell cheaper than
he now can, and at the same time make better
profits, by reason of obtaining duly free many
articles which cannot be raised or produced in
this country, and which enter more oi less largely
into the manufactured article, uojl the foimr'r by
enlarging the market for the products of hi.5* farm.
If, then, nobody i.s to bo injured, and all classes
will be benefited by the passage of tins Lull, bhall
wc lefuse to take ft because jt does not go further
and do more good? If 1 could see any"prospect
of obtaining a better bill, i would gladly aid in
an attempt to obtain such a bill. I would like
very much to add several articles of common
necessity to thefiec list; but when I perceive that
the effoit would be vain, and could only tend to
dereat all legislation on the subject, I uinnot doubt
as to what, is the line of wisdom and duty. No
man can expect togetall that he thinks desirable;
and a positive, unquestionable good, is not to be
sacrificed in pursuit of what everybody,must see
is unattainable. We must take things as we find
them, and do the best wc can under the circum-
stances.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for tellers on my amend-
ment.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of section two:
Skc. 3. Jindlp it further cnactcd, Tn.it on and atter the
fir^t day of July next, m heu of the duties heretofore im-
posed bylaw on the aitieies liciemafier mentioned, theie
shall be levied, collected, and paid, on the good-* and pro-
ducts hereinafter enumerated, imported from foreign coun-
tries, a duty of twenty per centum ad valorem: Hemp,
tmmaimtaetiped, of alt Kinds, including Manilla, sun, and
other of India, jute, si^ai grass, coir, and othet Vegetable
substanccs of hkc character; lead, in pijis, bars, or sheets,
or when old and fit only to be renianuiactnred; molasses;
salt, or muriate of soda, of all kinds; soda ash and Wench-
ing powder, or chloride of lime ; sugar of ail kinds; s« up
of sugar ; wool, unmanuiactuied, not before deseijbed.
The bill now reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means proposes to make certain kinds
of wool duty free. This is the only agricultural
interest affected by the bill. My amendment pro-
poses to take the sense of the House upon the
propriety of effecting the protection heretofore
extended to the wool grower, and yet leaving
sugar, molasses, hemp, and other agricultural
products at a duty of thirty per cent It proposes
to reduce the duty on the leading staples of sugar,
wool, hemp, salt, and lead, to a uniform rate of
twenty per cent. All parties agree to the absolute
necessity of reducing the revenue. The danger
arising from the accumulation of the coin of the
country in the vaults of the sub-treasury cannot
be overstated. The reduction can only be made
in one of two modes—either by enlarging the free
list, or by a reduction of the rates of duty, if
the first mode be adopted, then the additions to
the free list should be of articles not produced in
this country, and whose free importation will not
compete in any way with the great interests of
any section of this country. Tho committee have
adopted this principle, and have adhered to itjn
every case until they came to the article of wool.
It is now proposed virtually to admit this duty
free, for all the intelligent wool growers and con-
sumers with whom I have conversed, look upon
the provisions of the bill, as reported, as an indi-
rect way to remote all duties on wool.
By admitting the South Amencan, German,
and Australian wool, all the cheaper and all the
most expensive qualities, von supply the market
with wool not grown in this country, and thus
affect the price. Why is this great agricultmal
interest to be affected and none other? Why not,
oil the same principle,admit duty free scrap iron,
Swede iron, and other qualities of iron not pro-
duced in our country? Why impose a duty on
Manilla hemp? Why extract fiom the pocket,0
of the people an onerous tax on sugai—a prune
necessity of life J Why lay a bounty on domestic
salt and lead ? To accomplish a great national ne-
cessity, the wool-groweis arc willing to see a pro-
portionate reduction of dutv on wool and all other
great a^rieultuiui interests; but they are not will-
lug to be singled out and brought into direct com-
petition with the roving herdsman and bushman
of South America and Australia. I desire by this
amendment to test the quesLon, whether gentle-
men representing other agricultural interests aie
wdliin> to see this reduction applied to wool alone,
and yet preserve to its fullest extent the protection
now extended to them? If the committee shall in-
sist upon retaining; this unjust distinction against
an article in which my constituents have so large
an interest, and refuse to place it upon the same
footing as sugar and hemp, merely to gratify tlSe
manufacturers of the Enst, then, sir, as much as
I see the necessity of a induction of the revenue,
I will vot<? airainsi the bill.
Mr. W A S H j J U R N, of Maine. 1 raise the point
of order, that the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio is not in order, and that nothing is m
ordcrinconsistent with the amendment which was
to increase the free list. It would be in order to
add any article to the free list; but not to fix the
rate of duty on any articlc. This would defeat
the whole tariff bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair considers the
amendment in order, and overrules the point of
order.
Air. FULLER, of M;une. I would like the
amendment if it proposed to put a larger number
of articles on the free list; but I am opposed to it
as it is, because it does not go far enough. 1 want
the ear of some of my colleagues, and of some
of the gentlemen from Massachusetts. Hereto-
fore I have always voted against reducing the
l duties on railroad iron, cutting at the interest of
a particular State, because I desired that that
should stand till the whole subject of the tariff
was taken up. Now, a year ago, at the instiga-
tion mainly of the Massachusetts delegation—for
that State was particularly interested in it—the
question of reciprocity with the provinces came
up, for the purpose of bringing in raw materials
to their advantage. The interests of my own
State were sacrificed in that particular. Sow, I
want to know whether my colleagues from Maine
