 1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO&E.
m
are prepared to vote for diminishing the revenue
by increasing the free list, leaving duties on sugar,
iron, and other products which -bear more hardly
on our State than any other, while at the same
time nothing remains for the benefit of our in-
terests by way of a set-off; while our products,
assimilating to thotfe of the provinces,'which
now find a market mainly in Massachusetts, are
thrown into tKe free list, and while *we propose
further to increase that free iist for the benefit of
certain localities, leaving the burden on those
articles which bear most heavily on our State?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would state
that I agreed with my colleague entirely in refer-
ence to the reciprocity treaty. I believed with
liim, and I believe we stood almost alone in re-
gard to that bill. 1 thought that the title of the
bill to carry into effect that treaty was a misnomer.
It was not a bill to establish reciprocity between
the country and the British provinces. But I tell
my colleague further that 1 think we are here to
act as practical men, and so to legislate as to
effect the greatest attainable good; that this bill,
though far from perfect, is better than none, and
that we must take this or nothing. I may and
do regret that it is so; I would enlarge still further
the free list if I could do it, and not peril the
whole question. Believing as I do that this is
the only bill that can be passed at the present
session, and that it will be a positive and sub-
stantia) advantage to his constituents and mine—
to our State and to the country at large—I will
give it my support.
Mr. SHERMAN called for tellers on his amend-
ment. *
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Provided, That on and after the 10th day of July, 1857,
nothing in this* bill contained shall be so construed as to
ailimt any woo! lree, unices us eo-t - Ii.lII Ik;, at tlie place
otTinpoitnuon, ten cents per pound or less; ami also that
no waste or t,lioddy, or slieep'^ pelts, or tkins with the wool
on, shall be imported at a less rate of duty than is now im-
posed on these articles.
Mr. Chairman, I am unwilling to ask anything
in behalf of wool that is not perfectly reasonable.
When the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
De Witt] put the inquiry to me, whether the
wool-growing interest had not decreased in Ver-
mont, not desiring to embarrass him by any
remarks of mine, I replied in the affirmative.
Now, in my opinion, the wool-growing business
in Vermont, for some years, and until the last
year, has been diminished in consequence of the
high pricc of hay. Gentlemen very well under-
stand that there is no stock which can be dimin-
ished so rapidly, or increased so quickly, as that
of sheep. The State of Vermont furnishes a large
amount of sheep, which go into various sections
of the Union for stock purposes; but when we are
short for hay, the farmers avail themselves of the
opportunity to dispose of them. With the price
of the present season, the growth of wool has
increased. It is now at a paying price.
Now, I put it to the gentleman, if the fact were
as he stated, that wool-growing in New England
had diminished, while it has increased in other
States—in Illinois, Tennessee, Indiana, and Ohio
—would he for that reason make it free ? I am
for giving it such protection as it deserves, let it
be grown where it will. Myamendment^jroposes
to reduce the price of free wool down to ten cents,
so that all of that price, or less, will come in free.
Last season there were nearly fifteen millions
pounds of wool imported, with a cost only, on an<
average, of eleven and one third cents per pound.
This includes, of course, all the fine wools which
were imported. Now I undertake to say that
more than one half of that wool competes with
the wool raised in this country; and if this bill
pass with the provision to admit all wool costing
fifteen cents per pound and under, and fifty cents
and over, free of duty, I shall regard the idea of
protection being afforded to our wool-growers as
futile.
. In the next place there is a provision ill this
bill which admits waste or shoddy duty free.
Last season we imported over thirty-eight mil-
lions pounds of rags, of which more than two
thirds are supposed to have been woolen rags.
If this bill pass, instead of as woolen rags they
will be imported as. shoddy. Shoddy is old I
woolen rags torn to pieces find cleansed, and
which is worked up Into cheap coarse woolen
fabrics, and takes the place of inferior quality of
wool. In the next place my amendment provides
thatsheeps' pelts shall not be imported in the
free list. It is well known that a large proportion
[Here the hammer fell.l'
Mr. PULLER, of Maine. Mr. Chairman, I
had net a fair shake before. My colleague took
part of my time. I sympathize with the gen-
tleman from Vermont, who represents my native
State. I think that some of our interests are
being left out. My colleague [Mr. Washburn]
says that he is satisfied this is the only bill which
can pass, and that it will be defeated if certain
great staples, like iron and cotton manufactures,
and sugar, aie put upon the free list. If the bill
is to pass thus, for the benefit only of certain sec-
tions of the country, I want to know how we are
going to explain this matter when we go home,
to our ship-builders and lumbermen ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine his remarks to opposition to the amendment.
Mr. PULLER, of Maine. I want to see this
thing equalized. I want to see the variotfs inter-
ests of the country put upon an equal footing.
Let them all share the burden alike. Let wool
have a fair share with the rest. But I do not un-
derstand why certain interests are to be protec-
ted, and the duties on certain articles are not to
be reduced while you go on increasing the free
list.
Mr. MOItRILL demanded tellers on his amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Talbott and
Walbuidge were appointed.
The committee divided; and the telleis leported
—ayes 85, noes 39.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire the attention of my
colleague upon the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Campbell] who reported this bill
to the sccond section. It is in these words;
Sec. 2. JJnd be it further enacted, That all goods, wares,
and merchandise imported from foreign countiios, and m
the public  toies pnor to the 1st day of July next, shall be
subject, on entry thereof for consumption, to no other duty
thaiufthe same had been imported, respectively, after that
day.
Now I propose to amend that by adding thereto
this proviso:
Provided further. That the word "prior" hi the third
line of the section shall be construed to mean " o .,,
As that section stands now, all the goods that
have been imported under the tariff of 1846 up to
this time, and have been in the public stores, have
been there prior to the 1st day of July next; anil
all that may rome in between this and that time
will be there prior to the 1st day of July next.
Now, if this provision of the bill is to be adopted,
you will have to go back and refund duties under
this provision. 1 suggest the amendment m order
that it may be agreed to by the IIouse,and with-
out putting it in that shape.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have no objec-
tion to it.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to any amendment
which is not in order.
Mr. LETCHER. But this is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment as offered by the gentleman from
Virginia is in order.
Mr. SEWARD. I understand the gentleman
to offer his amendment in this shape: " Provided
further, that the word ' prior,' in the third line of
the section, shall be construed to mean 'on.'"
If you put it in that shape, I object; but if the
word "prior" is to bo changed, and the word
stricken out, and "on " substituted, I have no
objection. ^
The CHAIRMAN. It is impossible Tor the
Chair to guide the form of the legislation of the
committee. That is their business. The Chair
considers that the committee have the right to
construe the word " prior," or to change it and j
substitute another word.
Mr. KENNETT. 1 suggest to the gentleman
from Virginia that he should include both words
"prior to."
Mr. LETCHER. Well, let it read "the words
' prior to' shall be construed to mean ' on.' "
Mr. FLORENCE. I am opposed to thcamend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia, for the
simple reason that I dd hot uhd^tajjC^Jsi'll
means, not what its application Is, " ''.'" J." •':*
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw my oBje^ctfoirt ,*
Mr. HOUSTON. I (Sbject t6 the anle'ri'dment.
I object to an attempt to make a corrfe'ctibn by a
proviso. If the gentleman asked for a correciioli
of the language I would not objedt to' iheit; but
the proviso construes a. Word to Bietin that which
it does not mean, and therefore I object;
The CHAIRMAN. By unattirtious consent
the words " prior to" will be stricken oufand
the word " on" substituted in lieu thereof.
Mr. SAGE. I object. I am opposed to the
amendment. ; ' ' ' '
The CHAIRMAN. There is no amfendffient
pending.
Mr. SAGE. Then I oppose the alteration.
The CHAIRMAN. The objection comes too
late. The alteration has been already made.
Mr, SAGE. I objected when the gentleman
from Virginia first offered his amendment; and if
the committee will hear me one moment, I think
I can satisfy every member of the committee that
the alteration ought not to be made.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
New York asserts that he made his objection it>
time, the Chair will entertain the objection'and
prevent the alteration, so that the question will
be on the amendment of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia.   1
Mr. SAGE. I made the objection in time.
And now, Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.' On#
gentleman has advocated, and another gentleman
has opposed the amendment. The question is
on the amendment.
Tellers were called for, but were not ordered."
The question was taken; and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. BLISS. 1 propose to amend, by adding to
the free list, sugar sirup, and molasses. I would
content myself with simply offering the amend-
ment without remark, but for two considerations:
one is the perfect transparency of the combina-
tion, the coalition between interests of extreme
sections of the country' against the Northwest;
and which has resulted in this bill; and the other
the entire misapprehension of the gentleman from
Louisiana [Mr. Taylor] in his speech the other
day, of the resolutions heretofore offered by me
upon the tariff.
If the House shall refuse to adopt the amend-
ment of the committee concerning wool, proposed
by the gentleman from Vermont,"[Mr. Morrill,]
imperfect and easily evaded as it is,'we, I assure
you, shall feci the full character of that coalition.
The reciprocity treaty has already thrown open
our wheat and other breadsluli's to Canadian com-
petition, and now you have selected our only other
interest protected by the present law, and by a
coalition of the iron, the hemp, the salt, and
especially the sugar interests, you propose to
expose our wool-grower to competition with the
South Arhericun and Australian free ranger. All
I have to say to the manufacturing interest, the
ba.sis of ihis combination, is to look well to the *
future. Remember the fate of those who receivc
enemies' gifts. The West is your natural ally and
defense. Break not down your walls to receive
the pregnant Horse of your most inveterate foes.
To the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Tay-
lor,] who has treated my propositions so cava-
heily, I will only say that candid men read an
opponent's statement before attempting to ridicule
it; and wise men are sure they understand his
position before they declare it overthrown. If
he will look at my resolutions, he will find that
he has entirely failed to apprehend them.
This duty upon sugar can be justified upon no
theory of the protectionist more than of the free
trader. There is no principle whatever advocated
by the protectionists that can justify this heavy
duty of thirty per cent, upon sugar. I under-
stand one of the reasons theygiVe for taxing the
masses to benefit any particular interest, is to fos-
ter its infant condition, and thus enable itntsome .
future time to supplv the whole people at a cheaper
rate. They cite the experience of the country in
reference to nails, cheap glass, cottons, &c But
can they thus defend the protection of sugar?
Clearly not; for while I do not claim its produc-
tion to be inconsiderable, as the gentleman seems
to have supposed, yet I do say, that its produc-
tion is, and necessarily must be, far below the
