1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the estimated two thirds. It is possible that my
amendment, if it bccome a law, would yield us a
much larger revenue than we required. These
changes, in their very nature, are conjectural and
experimental; and I would not be willing, at this
time, to go beyond a reduction of thirty-three per
cent. What effect the enlarged free list, just
adopted by the committee, would have in connec-
tion with my scheme, in reducing the revenue, I
confess I am not prepared to venture a precise
opinion. With the rapidly increasing wealth and
consumption of the country, I am inclined to think
that, even with that free list, we should have rev-
enue more than enough for all the proper and
legitimate purposes of the Government.
1 am anxious to reduce the enormous surplus
annually accumulating in our Treasury. All tax-
ation beyond the just and necessary wants of the
Governmentis oppressive. Itstiinulates to prof-
ligate, corrupt, and unconstitutional expenditure.
Collected as the revenue is, under our present
wise system, in gold and silver, all excess of col-
lection beyond expenditure is so much active capi-
tal withdrawn from the circulation and business
of the country, and may, and unless remedied
will, soon reach a point that will involve the coun-
try in the most teriible and distressing monetary
and commercial convulsions. There is no meas-
ure of Government which, at this time, appeals
so strongly to the anxieties of every wise states-
man 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WADE. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia. It proposes to reduce the duties levied by
the existing tariff, thirty-three and one third per
cent., and there leave the whole matter lam
opposed to this scheme, because I believe the pro-
posed reduction, if adopted, would stimulate im-
portations to an extent corresponding with the
reduction, thereby not reducing the revenue, and,
at the same time, nearly annihilating ail protec-
tion to home industry. The Treasury would not
be relieved of its present ruinous surplus, nor its
accumulation sensibly checkcd.
But, sir, 1 am opposed to the measure for an-
other reason. If such a measure as this would
have been at any time available, as adequate to
the wants of revenue and protection, it now comes
too late. We are here, sir, very much in the pre-
dicamentofa council of physicians, called to the
bedside of a patient after the disease had advanced
to its crisis. In such a case medicine is unavail-
ing; and if nature is not adequate to wrestle with
the destroyer, the victim must die. Nay, sir, we,
as political doctors, have been for years minister-
ing to the disease, and not to the patient. Con-
gress has, by every conceivable device, been gam-
bling with {he public lands, until millions upon
millions of acres have been thrown open to sale,-
so that the annual revenue from that source alone
has amounted to nearly ten millions of dollars.
Millions upon millions of other acres have been
donated to railroads, and by these thrown upon
the market at prices, and under circumstances,
tempting speculation to its utmost tension, until
every prudentman knew, oroughtto have known,
that it must speedily break? This rash and im-
becile policy, to say of it nothing worse, neces-
sarily drew after it the investment of vast sums
of money, and almost unlimited amounts of credit
in railroad stocks—the inevitable consequence of
which has been the importation of every species
of iron used in the construction of railroads, to
an amount not dreamed of by the authors of the
tariff of 3846. Thus the Treasury has been sur-
feited; and every possible scheme, righteous and
unrighteous, devised to extract from it the idle and
unproductive capital hoarded therein. By this
policy, speculations in western lands and railroad
stocks have gone hand in hand with speculations
in steamboat and vessel stocks and merchandise.
•Millions upon millions, invested in <s Jonah's
gourd" cities, and corner and water lots, until the
capital of the country has actually been congested
on this great West and Northwest.
The active and enterprising young men of the
free Seates, the farmers' and mechanics' sons, have
been tempted from the sober pursuits of industry
in the old free States, to those new lands which
Congress has almost literally thrust upon them.
The growing of sheep, delving in iron mines,
working in the factories and in the mechanics'
has-become dull business in comparison
with that of becoming a nominal millionaire on
paper, by buying on credit, and selling on credit,
to be paid for in credit.
Now, Mr. Chairman, what is a thirty percent,
protection on wool and woolens, in the excited
imaginations of inexperienced young men, along-
side of such an El Dorado as this ? Nothing at all,
sir. And every sane man might and ought to
have foreseen just such a finale to our insane land
policy. Why, sir, the little dam with which the
miller "protects'1 the water which turns his mill,
Js not more powerless in a time of inundation,
than are your protective duties of thirty per cent,
for the safety of your domestic industry, under
such an inundation of speculation as your public
land legislation has precipitated upon the country.
Sir, you are too late with your tariff nostrums.
The reaction is inevitable; and the Treasury will
be depleted by a natural process, as certain as it
may be calamitous.
Cotton alone, sir, has saved your Treasury from
collapse now for many years. The annual value
of this article shipped from the United States to
Europe amounts to near one half (I speak now not
u from the book") of the entire value of our ex-
ports to foreign countries. This vast sum is in-
vested in all varieties of foreign articles imported
to the United States, and which enter into com-
petition with domestic manufactures. Let the
iron manufacturers, the wool-growers,and woolen
manufacturers look at this, not in an invidious
or sectional spirit, but with an eye to the compre-
hension of all the difficulties which besot the
whole subject of protection. It seems to mc, sir,
tha't a survey of the whole ground of the revenue
system cannot but teach our ultra-protectionists
that the amount of duty levied on foreign compet-
ing articles is not the whole of protection; but that
they must, if they would reduce such a system
to anything like stability, understand how to ad-
just our own domestic policy, so that no scheme
of wild and rcckless home speculation shall jostle
the protected interests out of the sphere of steady
progress. You may talk to men about the profits
accruing from the prosecution of some protected
interest as much as you will; still, when such a
reckless policy as that, pursued in relation to the
public lands, holds out to the reason or the imagina-
tion the prospect of sudden wealth, your sheep will
be left to the wolves, and your woolen mills to
rot, while young men and old lush to the points
where fortunes are supposed to be made in a day.
Mr. FAULKNER called for tellers on his
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Jewett, and
Washbur^e of Illinois, were appointed.
The committee divided;aud the tellers reported
—ayes 55, noes 78.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD moved that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. H. Marshall reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had under consideration the Union
generally,and particularly the special order, being
the biIl(H. R. No.566) reducing the duties onim-
ports, and for other purposes, and had come to
no conclusion thereon.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of S
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Private
Secretary, notifying the House that he had ap-
proved and signed bills of the following titles:
An act for the relief of Dr. James Morrow;
An act for the relief of William Craig;
An act for the relief of the officers and privates
of the Clinton Guards, m the county of Macomb, i
in the State of Michigan; and j
An act for the construction of a wagyi road \
from Fort Kearny, via the South Pass of the ;
Rocky Mountains and Great Salt Lake Valley, 1
to the eastern portion of the State of California, 1
and for other purposes. I
EXECUTIVE DOCUMENTS, ETC. 1
The SPEAKER laid before the House the \
annual report of the Regents of the Smithsonian 1
Institution; which was laid on the table, and or- !
dered to be printed. |
Also, a communication from the Secretary of i
the Interior, transmitting plan and estimates for L
United States court-house and post office in Phila-
delphia; which was referred to the Committee
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed,
WILLIAM W. WIMMER.
Mr. BALL. There is a joint resolution, (No.
36,) which was referred to the Committee of the
Whole House, to authorize the Postmaster Gen-
eral to settle-a small account, which cannot be
done without a vote of the House. It has been
got up on consultation with the Postmaster Gen-
eral and the Fifth Auditor. The amount is only
some seventy-five or eighty dollars. I ask t'hat
the Committee of the Whole House may be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
it may be put upon its passage.
There being no objection, the Committee of the
Whole House was discharged from the further
consideration of joint resolution (No. 36) for the
relief of William W. Wimmer, of WestZanea-
vilfe, Ohio.
The resolution authorizes the Postmaster Gen-
eral to allow and pay to William W. Wimmer,
late postmaster of West Zanesville, Ohio, for ser-
vices performed by him as special mail messenger
from May, 1855, to November, 1856, such rate
of compensation as he may deem just and reason-
able, provided the same do not exceed 0100.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and paused.
Mr. BALL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed,and also moved
to Jay the motion to reconsider on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, by unanimous
consent, in pursuance of previous notice, intro-
duced a bill to authorize the State of Mississippi
to appropriate certain lands in this bill designated
to remove snags and other obstructions in the
channels of the Tallahatchie and Yazoo rivers, in
the State of Mississippi; which was read aiirst
and second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
COINAGE BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the una,'
mous conscnt of the House to take from t
Speaker's table the bill relating to foreign co 
and to the coinage of cents at the Mint of *
United States. It has been returned from t*
Senate with a single amendment.
There was no objection; and the amendment
was reported, as follows:
Add as a sixth section:
And it shall al^o be lawful for the space of two years
froin the passage of this act, and no longer, to pay out at
the Mint the cents aforesaid for the fractional parts of the
dollar hereinbefore named at their nominal value of twenty-
five, twelve and a half, and six and a quarter cents respect-
ively.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GROW. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take from the Speaker's table Sen-
ate resolution (No. 39) relative to sections six-
teen and thirty-six in the Territories of Minnesota
and Nebraska.
Mr. ELLIOTT. I object. '
HEIRS OF COLONEL JOHN HARDIN.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table House bill (No. 272) for the relief of the
heirs of the late Colonel John Hardin, which has
been returned from the Senate with an amend-
ment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (at three o'clock
and forty-five minutes,) moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Kentucky?
No objection was made.
The amendment of the Senate provides that,
instead of $1,879 06, as provided by the original
bill, the heirs of the late Colonel John Hardin
shall receive §5,600, that being the amount ef
