THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS
CONGRESS,
PUBLISHED BY 40HN C.
RIVES, WASHINGTON,
D. O.
; Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
SATURDAY
FEBRUARY 21, 1857.
New Series 
•No. 48,
I and I do not think it is the place of the Senate or
r pf Congress. Those laws have been passed. It
s; a local arrangement for the benefit of the citi-
•- zensof that Territory. If they have done wrong,
- it is no more than others have done under similar
circumstances. They have gone to an extreme.
Experience will enable them to right themselves,
: and put themselves right before the country.
|VIany of the things that have been condemned in
them have been rightfully done; but whether right
or wrong, tliey are the proper judges of their own
interests.
, To examine, therefore, whether, by one sweep-
ing brush of the pencil, the whole laws passed by
ihe Legislature of Kansas shall be wiped out,
brings up certain questions of right—questions
• of law. Which is the appropriate committee to
t investigate them? I do not desire this bill to be
^ |aid on the table. Why? If laid on the table it
V, js smothered; it would look like shunning the
Responsibility of an investigation; it would look
j * like dodging the issue; but if we refer it to that
committee, which has as much character as any
' ; pther in this Government, they can investigate it
£ and say whether Kansas has transcended the
' limits and boundaries of the authority conferred
f ' by the organic act. Perhaps I ought to remark
r that, in my view, the authority is not conferred
. by the organic act; it is an inherent, original
: rig"ht, and this organic act simply declares it.
Mr. WELLRR. It must be obvious to the
, Senate that we are about to become engaged in a
; general discussion of the Kansas-Ncbfaska ques-
i tion again. I voted against laying this bill on the
: . table before, because 1 was anxious to have it
referred to the Judiciary Committee, m order
i that they might be able so to shape the bill as to
Icommand the support of the Senate. It is very
- certain that the bill, 111 its present form, can never
f pass the Senate; and it is equally certain that we
i ' are about to consume the whole day in a useless
t and unprofitable debate. It is for the purpose,
1', therefore, of getting rid of the debate, and pro-
p ceeding to the consideration of important bills
?;■ now pending, that I make the motion to lay the
^ bill on the table.
r Mr. GREEN. Although I am in favor of the
I fullest investigation, and hence I moved the ruf-
[. • erence of this bill to the Committee on the Judi-
j $iary, I shall now vote in accordance'with the
[J >risnes of my friends who desire to lay the bill
\ on the table.
• - Mr. SEWARD. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay on the table.
f Mr. BIGLER. i wished to have the subject
investigated by the Committee on Territories, but
• I shall vote with my friends.
r ^ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Debate is not
in order.
I .The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
j taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 20; as follows:
• YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Benjamin, Bigler, Brown, But-
\ Jer, Ca.*s, Clay, Crittenden, Dodge, Evans, Fitch, Fitzpat-
: lick,Geyer, Green, Uwin, Hunter, Johnson, Junes of Iowa,
'Jones of Tenness.ee, Mailory, Mason, Pearcc. Jteid, Ru-k,
  Sebastian, SIideli, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, Tou-
^ cey, and Weller—3G.
> ,NAVS—Me^rs. Bell of New Hampshire, Beil ofTen-
"/ lessee, Brodhead, Cnllamer, Duikeu, Fes&endcn, Fie-b,
; Foot, Foster, Hale, Harlan, Houston. Jame*, Noui*e, Puyli,
Seward, Stuart, Timnbtdl, Wade, and Wilson—20.
i " So the bill was laid on the table.
= message from the house.
v ■^-Tnessa e from the House of Representatives,
: by Mr. Cullom, its Clerk, announced that the
House agreed to the amendment of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 272) for the relief of the heirs
of the late Colonel John Hardin.
Also, that it agreed to the amendment of the
Senate to the amendment of the House of Repre-
; dentatives to the bill (S. No. 190) relating to
foreign coins and the coinage of cents at the Mint
• Of the United States.
oceanic telegraph.
| .The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill (S.
■ Jao. 493) to expedite telegraphic communication
lor the uses of the Government in its foreign in-
48
tercourse, has been returned from the House of
Representatives with amendments, which will be
read.
The Secretary read the amendments. The first
is to amend the following proviso—
Provided further, Tliat the United States and tlie citi-
zens thereof shall enjoy the use of the said subtnariue tel-
egraph communication, for a period of fifty years, on the
same terms and conditions winch shall be stipulated m favor
of the Government of Great Britain, and the subjects there-
of, in the contract to to by entered into by such person, per-
sons, or association, with that Govuinmfet.
so as to make it read:
Provided further, That the United States and the citizens
thereof shall enjoy the u?e of the said Mibniaune teleyiaph
communication toi all time, on the same teun  and condi-
tions which .shall he stipulated in favor of the Government
of Gieat Britain and the subjects theieof, recognizing equal-
ity of light* among the citizens of the United ritates m the
u^e of said submaunt; communication and the lines of tel-
egraph which may, at any time, connect with the same at
its terminus on the coa^t of Newfoundland and in the Uni-
ted Btates, in any contiact so to be entered into by such
person, persons, or association, with that Government;
The House of Representatives also pt%pose to
add the following proviso at the end of the bill:
And provided farther, That it shall he in the power of
Congress, after ten years, to teunmate said contiact upon
giving one year's notice to the paiues to Mich conuact.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest whether it would
not be best to refer this bill to a committee. I
think it is evident, from the considciation which
has been had of it in the House of Representa-
tives, that it requires amendment. I suggest to
the Senntor from Texns [Mr. Rusk] that he refer
it to the committee from which it came—the Com-
mittee on the Post Oilice and Post Roads, for the
purpose of throwing some additional safeguards
around it. if it meets his approbation, 1 shall
make that motion.
Mr. RUSK. I think the amendments are very-
plain, and can be easily understood. The bill was
not discussed very much here; but it was well
understood at the time of its passage in the Sen-
ikate. It is a plain bill, which, it strikes me, re-
quires no further investigation. I move that the
Senate concur in the amendments of the House
of Representatives at once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Chair
understand the Senator from Virginia to move to
refer the amendments to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads?
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I want this
bill referred, and upon that subject I have a few
words to say.
As I said a few weeks ago, I was perfectly as-
tounded when this bill passed the Senate, never .
supposing such a thing would pass. I never
imagined that Jabez Vigus would ever get back
here with a tail stuck to him. I had no idea or
conception in the world of that. This submarine
telegraph bill has come back amended and con-
cocted and fixed up by the House of Represent-
atives. f acknowledge that I want it referred for
the express purpose of sending it to a committee
room, which shall be to it the tomb of the Cap-
ulets, where it will sleep the sleep of death, and
never again come before us in this Chamber.
Sir, I have served many years in mis and the
other House, but I have never seen such a prop-
osition fur the lavish expenditure of the public
money. Here is a project to run a submarine
telegraph from the coast of Newfoundland to the
coast of Ireland. You have no hydrographic sur-
vey of the face of the ocean, and you know just
as much about it as you do about the valley and
the mountains in the moon. Whether the wire
will be broken by a whale or by an iceberg, or cut
off by a shark, you cannot tell. . No one knows
whether it is feasible or practicable or possible,
or not. In the best of books we are cautioned
against casting pearls before swine.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sew-
ard]—I do not intend to say anything except
what the extremest politeness requires in refer-
ence to him—is here with about a foot or a foot
and a half of wire, which he submitted to our in-
spection as a specimen, when he originally intro-
duced this measure. That little wire is to be
placed at the bottom of the Atlantic ocean, sub-
ject to the action of storms, wind, drifts, shifting
of banks, and every manner of imaginable acci-
dent. _ Without any survey, without any report
showing the practicability of the scheme, we are
asked to engage in it, and join in a partnership
with Great Britain, which owns both the termini
—Newfoundland and Ireland—without any stipf
ulation that when we get a message to Ireland
wo can get it across to London, or that when we
get it to Newfoundland wc can even get it to Bos-
ton and New England. Yet when the line is
thus cut off, we propose to give this amount to a
private company.
When this bill was here before, we did not
know what the company was. I have been look-
ing into the subject, and I have read the bill,
which says:
" Provided further, That the contract to be made by the
British Government shall not be difterentfiom thatalready
propo ed by that Government to the New York, Newfound-
land, and London Telegiaph Company, except such pro-
visions as may be necessaiy to secure to each Government
the uansmishion of its own messages by its own agents."
Does any man know what propositions were
made by the British Government to this New-
foundland, London, and New York Telegraph
Company? Who are the Newfoundland, Lon-
don, and New York Telegraph Company? Where
is their charter? What is their responsibility?
Are they incorporated in America or in England?
Is not this corporation a " man of straw?" Docs
any one know anything about it ? I ask any Sen-
ator, in giving away these $70,000 per annum, do
you know what this company is, or what are its
responsibilities ? What assurance have you that
it will do anything it promises? Under whose
control is the Newfoundland, London, and New
York Telegraph Company? I suppose it consists
of some un-Arnericamzed New Yorkers, in combi-
nation—I will not say with Newfoundland Yan-
kees, because that would be wrong; I have great
respect for them.
If you are not casting pearls before swine,! ask
is it not the very extreme of extravagance and
nonsense to give so much money to such a com-
pany as this for a scheme of the kind now pro-
posed ?
Does anybody know anything about the charter
of the company; or who compose it; or who
heads and controls it; or where its responsibility
is; and what advantage you are to receive after
you make the contract? England owns both ends
of the line. She can take it by force if she chooses.
When you get a mcssuec to Ireland, you cannot
cross the channel; and when you get to New-
foundland, you are not sure of being able to reach
New York or Boston, unless she chooses to allow
you to do so.
The Senator from New York [Mr. Seward]
introduced this bill originally. He- introduced it,
no doubt, as all of us have to introduce a great
many measures, to oblige our constituents. He
is a man for whom I have great respect, on ac-
count of his urbanity, intelligence, and goodness
of heart; but when his people come here to him,
and he has to put m for a Collins's steamer line,
and for a Colt's pistol patent, and at last comes
up with a submarine telegraph, 1 suppose it re-
sulto from the exigency of his position. I have
nothing to say against the State of New York.
She is a great State, commanding the transporta-
tion of the whole country with her ocean steamers
and her immense commerce, with everything that
makes hererand, and swells the patriot's heart.
In fact, I feel exultant and swell upjnyself when
I think about that State, with her rising star—
"Excelsior" inscribed upon it — like the rising
sun, still going up " higher," and "higher,"
and higher," and brighter in her glory and
her strength; but when they come here with their
Collins's steamers and their Colt's revolvers and
their submarine telegraphs, it presents a different
complexion. We all have to introduce measures
for our constituents, and I do not blame the Sen-
ator from New York for having done so in this
case; and in reference to him personally I would
say nothing disrespectful. We all know that
