754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
New York now commands the commerce of the
country. Capital attracts business; business goes
to capital; they act and react on each other. ^ I
wish Alexander Hamilton and General Wash-
ington could come back there, and take a look at
the place, and just see what it is now. I am not
going to moot the proposition, that if De Witt
Clinton, instead of living at New York, had lived
at Richmond or Norfolk, where the climate is
milder, there we should have the commerce of the
country. This seems to be a scheme of a com-
pany which is partly a New York company. I
am not going to say anything about New Yorkers
but what is true. I infer a great many favorable
things about Buchanan's administration from one
single fact: I have not heard a man say that a
New Yorker was to go into the Cabinet. I infer
so from a second consideration—that I have never
heard a man say a word about the Cincinnati
platform. [Laughter.] I think a good time is
coming for the country.   ^ y
Everybody knows that in a commercial com-
munity, such os you hare in New York and in
London, they look upon the Government, the
Government contracts, the Government transport-
ation, and the acquisition of territory. Every-
thing depends on the almighty dollar inlluence.
This proposition is a job for commerce and for
profit. Here you propose to give a large sum of
money to the New York, Newfoundland, and
London Telegraph Company for laying down a
wire between Ireland and Newfoundland. But,
sir, if there is a Senator here who will tell me he
knows what the New Yoik, Newfoundland, and
London Telegraph Company is, I shall be much
obliged to him. We have no statistics; we have
no facts; we have no hydrostatic survey; we do
Dot know anything in the world about the feasi-
bility of this scheme. It is a proposition to take
so much money out of Uncle Sam's pocket—I do
Dot say take it out feloniously—but it is ramming
your hand, into his pocket; and snatching out
money for a company of tins sort.
i am for a refeience of this subject, if the gen-
tleman from Virginia moves u. When this hill
came up, I supposed it was some humbug, and
that nothing in the woild was going to cumo out
of it. f had paid no attention 10 it. I was sif-
ting on this side of the Chamber, nearly solitary
and alone, a spared monument of mercy, the
only Whig left here, [laughter]—and looking
over to the other side of the Chamber for general
justice. I saw a man in whose urbanity, m whose
politeness, in whose intelligence, in whose direct,
plain, common sense, I have great confidence,
3 ismg (o support the bill. I felt m regard to th.tt
gentleman somewhat like one of Mr. Under-
wood's constituents did in regard to the north
star, fie dnl not know the cause or reason or
philosophy of things; but at the time it was said
the sun burnt blue, and we had the meteunc
showers, he got up alarmed at night, and ran out,
and really almost gave way; but said he, •' I got
my eye on the north star, and while that stood
firm I never trembled nor was shaken." When
the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] the other
day, got up just hke one of his mustangs taking
a stampede, [laughter,] and made a speech for
this bill, it seemed to me that the north star on
that side of the Chamber was shaken out of its
socket, and it scared me. [Laughter.]
The Senator from Texas told us this line would
be of great advantage to the cotton-planters. I
should like to know what the gentleman from
Mississippi and the gentleman from Arkansas
think about its advantage. What sort of advant-
age is it to be to the cotton-trade? Why, sir,
everybody of common sense must know that a
combination of New York merchants will control
the line; and while the telegraph is as big a liar as
Common Rumor, it will always he on their side.
How is it going to benefit those fellows down on
the Arkansas and Red rivers ? You might as well
send a boat ambuscadcd with big cannon on it,
and shoot them as you would ducks. Those
fellows who are out hunting deer and playing
poker will be cheated out of their cotton, and it
will be a mouth before they know what is going
on. Gentlemen speak of this being for the cot-
ton interest; but every one who has been there,
and seen the people who raise cotton, knows that
the result will be to cheat them m Alabama and
Missiseippi,aud all through that region of coun-
try, -and then they will not be able to pay us of
Kentucky as much as they now do for mules and
bacon and pickled porlc. It is stealing our money.
That is one reason why I am against it.
A £fibmarine telegraph ! Sir, I have great con-
fidence in the reserved good sense of the people
of this country. I have great reliance upon the
virtue and integrity of the people. I trust the
sober sense of the people, but not the wild notions
of politicians who go off erratically from their
orbits—who in a jiffy will get up a bill of this sort,
no one knowing anything about it, and pass it at
once. Seventy thousand dollars per annum are
to be voted out of the Treasury in that sort of
way. Well, sir, I suppose the Federal Govern-
ment is regarded as a nice old goose, that ought
to be plucked anyhow; and I have some sort of
patience when our own people come along to
pluck her. I can stand a land-State man, as he
calls himself, doming and making a grab. It re-
minds me of the specious Augustus Tomlinson,
the highwayman of Paul Clifford, who, having
stopped a traveling carriage, in smooth accents
said to its inmates, teLadies and gentlemen, I
am sorry to disturb you, but want is imperious;
oblige me with your money, your watches, your
rings, and any other little commodities of a sim-
ilar nature." Having received from the squire
a purse and a hunting watch in response to the
delicate request, the gentle applicant expressed
the option that the watch was more valuable
from its weight than from its workmanship.
" However," quoth he, " I will not wound your
vanity by affecting to be fastidious; but surely
the young lady, as you call her—(for I pay you
the compliment of believing your word as to her
age, inasmuch as the night is too dark to allow
me the happiness of a personal inspection)—the
young lady has surely some little tiinket she can
dispense with. ' Beauty when unadorned,' you
know, 4 is adorned the most.' " The lady drew
forth a silk purse, to which she added a gold
chain, whichTomhnson took with an affectionate
squeeze of the hand and a polite apology. The
gleam of jewels that the lady sought to conceal,
because in them was set her mother's pictiue,
and her mother was dead, attracted the robber's
attention, and his demand for their surrender is
thus recorded by the historian: '• The wants of
others,madam," returned Tomlinson, who could
not for the life of him rob immorally, " are evcr-f
more worthy of your attention than family pre- I
judices." Our Augustus Tomlinsons, Mr.'Pres- !
ident, excite in me no anger when they rob us of j
our land; but here is a company claiming to be a j
Newfoundland, a London, and a New Yoik com- j
pany. Why, it is worse than Terry's arbitra- 1
turn—"Mo, myself, and my brother will settle !
it." [Laughter.] They are the three who are
to settie it. it will be settled, you may be sure,
so as to get money out of the Treasury, but the
arrangement will be to the disadvantage of the
Government, which will fare asTague did in the
bargain between Dennis, Morns, and himself.
The three went on a voyage. Necessity required
that one should go overboard. The first two
thought a lule should be adopted for the decision.
Subtraction was the rule proposed. It was con-
sented to; ond it was thus stated: Dennis and
Morris being the greater quantity, cannot be sub-
tracted from Tague; but Tague, being the smaller
quantity, can be subtracted from Dennis and Mor-
ris. So Tague was thrown overboard. [Laugh-
ter.]
Sir, it is useless to talk about this measure. It
ought to b<?lulled just as aMississippi negro with
a flail would kill a snake. There is no honor, no
integrity, no virtue in it. Who are the company?
Does anybody here know? Does the Senator
from Now York ? Does anybody else know
where the §70,000 are to go? Of course the Sen-
ator from New York [Mr. Seward] will under-
stand me as having the highest respect for him.
I have had to do foolish things for my constitu-
ents occasionally myself. Nor do I "mean any
disrespect to the other Senator from New York,
[Mr. Fisii,] a very nice gentleman, and generally
very correct in his politics, but, like all fish, per-
haps a little slippery.
You, sir, representing the State of Virginia,
with all her wayward notions and eccentricities—
a State whose coat-of-arms represents a hero,
"with the motto, " Sic semper tyrannis," ever ready
to cut off the head of the Iilyrian hydra—have
had some experience in matters connected with
the foreign relations of the country, and I think
you will bear me out in what I am about to say.
We entered into a contract some years ago for
the transportation of the mail across the Isthmus
*of Panama, and out of that we have had a Clay-
ton-Bulwer treaty and an interminable quarrel.
Out of that quarrel there has grown up a new
treaty—I allude to nothing which has transpired
in executive session, but the papers say so; and
if the. papers do not say so, 1 do. Mr. Dallas,
no doubt a very clever and intelligent gentleman,
has gone over to Europe, and eaten Lord Mayors5
dinners, and run about to London agricultural
shows, and he has made a trade with Lord Clar-
endon, and Lord Clarendon has made a treaty
with him, which the papers say we have post-
poned to the 5th of March. Remember I am
only speaking of what the papers say; and I sup-
pose, if it ever happened, it was because we did
not wish this Administration to go out with the
false glory of having made a pcace with England.
These quarrels with England are quadrennial.
They come up every presidential election. When
I was a boy, they were as regular as they are
now; and old man Stevenson, who has just died,
used to keepupacorrespondence with the British
Government on the impressment question, and
things of that sort. Now we have another treaty,
Lord Clarendon cheating Dallas, no doubt.
[Laughter.] It has been sentover here to Wash-
ington to let old man Marcy—I hope I do not
speak disrespectfully—cheat on ourside. I mean
the object is simply to let him play our hand;
and if he does, I will bet on him. [Laughter.]
That treaty, it is said, has been postponed. It
would not do to settle it so as not 1* leave a nest-
egg for another quarrel and for future glory. I
ask you now, are you going to make this ar-
rangement with the New York and London and
Newfoundland Company in order to make a causc
for another quarrel ?
Perhaps it would not be proper on this subject
to refer to the Constitution. Mr. Jefferson,under
the extreme exigency of the case, at the time of
the acquisition of Louisiana, concluded that the
Constitution had a sort of gum-clastic power; that
there was extensibility about it; but I believe that
doctrine is not exactly m vogue in these times,
though it was sufficient ground on which to baso
the acquisition of Louisiana. The Constitution
provides that ''no State shall, without the consent
of Congress, lay any duty of tonnage, keep troops
or ships of war in time of peace, enter into any
agreement or compact with another State, or with
a foreign Power. " The Government of the United
States you say is a limited delegated Government,
with prescribed, strict powers. You say that the
General Government may make agreements, the
power to make which is denied to the sovereign
State of Virginia, or Kentucky, or California.
You say that this General Government of dele-
gated power has not only the prerogatives allowed
under the Constitution to a State, but may go into
an entangling alliance with Great Britain for the
purpose of laying down this wire across the ocean
outside of our jurisdiction. Sir, the Father of
his Country told us to beware of entangling alli-
ances. This is ail entangling alliance, and it is=
useless to deny it.
I have alluded to the manner in which the rela-
tions between this country and Great Britain are
managed. You drove off Mr. Crampton about
one treaty; and then they puckered up, and we
finally made friends by sending over the ship
Resolute. It reminds me of old Ben Jenkins,
who, after he married his wife, said that he was
so much in love with her the first six months,
that he could have eaten her up, and all the rest
of his life he was sorry he did not do so. [Laugh-
ter.] Even he did not equal the nonsense of this
eternal parade and fuss which we are carrying on
with England. Here is a chance for another
quarrel and another treaty, to grow out of the
contract for this wire.
I remarked the other day, that during my time
we had had a treaty of Washington, an Ashbur-
ton treaty, a Clayton-Buiwer treaty, a treaty
about the Northwestern Territory, and God
Almighty only knows how many other treaties
with England. Every time we make a treaty, just
as soon as it is made, a quarrel springs up about
it, and we have a fuss. 1 have no doubt these are
two very clever Governments; but as to trading
with one another, they will never make much of
