1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W
of the nextsession of Congress, pass what bill we
1X1 But what is to be our remedy ? The President
is to enter into a contract. Suppose the com-
pany should violate the contract: wliat is to be
our remedy, and where can we enforce it? It is
entirely within the British dominions. The com-
pany is a British company, and we have no
means of going into the courts to enforce the con-
tract. What remedy shall we have ? No re-
medy in the world unless it may be said it is a
remedy that we may withhold the appropria-
tions: and yet we know it would be a delicate
and disagreeable matter for us to undertake to act
in a case in which we were to be the judge as
well as the party. Then, so far as the company
are concerncd,I care not what the contract is, we
are left entirely to their mercy; they may per-
form it or not, as they choose. Nor have we
even the guarantee of personal character, because
we do not know of whom the company is com-
posed. "We have not the guarantee of the British
Government that they will aid us in enforcing
these obligations, because there is no agreement
between us. This is not an agreement between
the two Governments; but a mere agreement pro-
posed to be made between the President of the
United States and a corporation.
Is this bill sufficiently guarded to justify us in
going into this expenditure, and tying up our
hands for so many years? If it is a matter in
which the Government ought to interfere, we
<5ught to interfere for some system of telegraphic
communication which will come to our own
shores. If it be practicable to Newfoundland,
why not to Boston or to New York ? If, indeed,
it be practicable to lay down such a submarine
telegraph, why should we not have branches of
it in other nations? Let there be termini on the
continent of Europe, so that if we are at war with
one we may at least have the means of commu-
nicating through another nation. Why not have
something that looks to the advantage of this
country as well as of England ? On the contrary,
we are asked to contribute to a company which,
if controlled at all, is only to be controlled by
Great Britain—an enterprise which is entirely
within her borders and her limits.
It seems to me, in this view of the case, it is
eminently proper that we should place in this bill
such an amendmentas was proposed in the House
of Representatives, and I believed ruled out by
a demand for the previous question, by which it
shall be required that before the Government of
the United States is bound by any contract, that
contract shall be submitted to Congress for ap-
proval. Let us see the terms; let us see whether
it provides for any means by which we can ascer-
tain whether or not they are cheating us as to
what is their income; whether it provides any
means of enforcing the obligations to us, and to
our citizens, into which they may be required to
enter; whether we may have any guarantee from ;
that Government under whose control it is to be, ;
that these obligations shall be enforced. If none
of these things arc done for us, is it not obvious
that it would be worse than madness for us to j
embark in any such partnership enterprise m '
wJjLch all the powers and all the advantages are I
on The side of the other nation; that is to say, allj
the advantages which would inure to us, if we |
did not entcrinto any such contract; for, rely upon
it, so far as this line may be used by merchants,
they will have the use of it anyhow, because it
will be to the interest of the company to give the
use_of it to all upon paying for it.
Nor is there any danger that if we do not en-
gage m it now, we shall not have another chance.
If it should prove to be practicable,and we should
find that this company were disposed to use it as
a monopoly, and it was a thing which would pay,
other lines would be laid, and laid so as to reach
our shores, so that we should have some control
over them. _ I think, until some of these things
are ascertained, or until some safeguards are
thrown around the scheme, so as to insure the
United States the means of deriving the advant-
ages of the contract which it is proposed to make,
we ought to hesitate ho w we embark the Govern-
ment in it. It is far better to delay it until next
session, and act intelligently, justly, and wisely,
and with a prudent forecast in regard to the wants
ana necessities of our'Gfovcrnmenf and our citi-
zens.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, f am indebted
to my friend from Virginia, as well as to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, for arresting what I call the
madness of the Hour. I may use a strong term,
but I do not intend to qualify it. How does this
measure come here? Has the President of the
United States recommended it? Has any Senator
on this floor upon his responsibility introduced
it ? Sir, it is the pervading spirit which, I fear,
is governing this country—it is a corporation
coming here and making its mark.
I shall speak rather earnestly on this subject,
because I feel a strong conviction on it as regards
its final result. Suppose it were proposed to-
morrow, by the appropriation of the public money
of the United States, to have a telegraphic com-
munication from here to New York, and from
New York to Boston, and fromJSoston around the
Lakes, I think it very probable that there would
be strength enough to pass the appropriation.
Could the Government assume such a monopoly,
giving a decided preference—giving power, I may
say, to one portion at the expense of another ?
Where would be private enterprise in such a case ?
I have been toid, in regard to the Collins line, by
many persons interested m the navigation of the
ocean, that they were driven from the ocean by
the monopoly and power of this Government.
What right has the Government to interfere in
matters of this kind, which can be conducted, and
which have been conducted, and as far as 1 can
see better conducted, by the intelligence and re-
responsibility and interest, and if you choose to
say so, the selfishness of private individuals?
If we undertake this scheme now, we under-
take it not only with a plunging policy as to the
future, with darkness before us, but we undertake
it, I fear, under temptations which will give a
preference to one company over another, and, in
my deliberate judgment, will arm Great Britain
with a power that ought not to be given to her
under any circumstances. So long as Govern-
ments deal with these matters, they are war
measures; they are measures between Govern-
ments; and whilst we refuse, as my friend from
Kentucky said, to embark in the business of
making internal improvements between one State
and another, what right have we to make an in-
ternal improvement between Newfoundland and
Great Britain ?
1 know, sir, you have, as it is said, almost an
illimitable power, So far as regards treaties, but
when you undertake to expend the public money
for the regulation of commerce, I would much
prefer that you should expend it for the regula-
tion of commerce within your own Territory,
rather than undertake to expend it for the regu-
lation of a commerce in which another nation is
not only your rival, but must necessarily have the
advantage over you. What right have we to
expend money for the regulation of commerce
within our own borders? None; but the power
to regulate commerce out of our own borders,
between one nation and another, by the expend-
iture of our money, is what I have never under-
stood. I know the treaty-making power is almost
illimitable; I do not know that any prescribed
limits can be assigned to it. It has been said that
it is above the Constitution: I do not say so; but i
when I tiust to a corporation $70,000 a year, I \
want to know what that corporation is. Sir, I !
would not trust the Government itself; I would j
not trust Great Britain, under all the obligations ]
of her reputation, with my respect for her, (and I j
have a very high respect for her in every point
of view;) but when 1 am to trust a company m
the name of Great Britain, I trust one behind the
throne—1 trust to an inferior power behind the
throne; I do not trust to the throne; I do nottrust
to the crown; I do not trust even to the heart of
monarchy itself; but I trust to a heartless coipo-
ration that has no soul 1 This I cannot consent
to do.
Sir, when gentlemen undertake to say that this j
is to be the mode of communication between na- |
tions, I know how my section is to be affected by i
it; I know how my confederacy is to be affected ;
by it, where there is an interest to break the ;
league. It is only necessary for an occasion of
temptation to arise; and that occasion of tempta-
tion depends on the one who has the power to
make it. Ay, sir, I use stronger language than
that: it is not only dealing with the lion, but put-
ting your hand in the lion's mouth. When I see
a measure of this kind—not one in regard to State
rights strictly in any point of view, but one affect-
ing the whole Confederacy—proposed to be placed
in the hands of speculators — a combination, a
corporation of speculators, and an intelligent cor~
poration of speculators looking to their own in-
terests, am I to trust the destinies of my-country
to such a "power? I would do no such thing.
I believe this measure will pass. I have been
opposed to partial internal improvements and gen-
eral internal improvements by the money of this?
Government; but if I am to have a system of
internal improvements—if this Union is to last,
give me the power of having a railroad from New-
Orleans to Buffalo, made by the money of this
Government. I would much prefer it; I would
prefer appropriating money.to make a communi-
cation with the Pacific; but what right have I to
make a communication between Great Britain
this country by an appropriation of mor cy from
the Federal Treasury?
I know that it has all the splendid fascinations
of being a new invention. Why, sir, the appli-
ances of science, and all the illuminations of the
age, are so many lights thrown down upon us;
and we should disregard all the instructions which
history affords us, if wc were not to consult them.
But allow me to say, that whilst we should con-
sult them as lessons of wisdom and instruction,
we should consult them also as lessons to be used
for our advantage, and not give them to the ad-
vantage of othefs. I am not going to disregard
the developments of God and the lights of science
—and science is one of the emanations from the
Deity—but I am not going to give all these lights
and advantages to other people at our expense.
When we are dealing with the great artillery which,
may be used on the field of battle, I am not going
to put the gun in a situation in which it may be
used against me. I think this measure will prob-
ably pass; and I say now, under the strongest
convictions of my mind, that it is one of the most
insidious and dangerous innovations upon the
policy of this country that has ever been resorted
to.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, next addressed the
Senate in remarks which he has withheld for re-
vision, and which will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, when this
measure was before the Senate the other day, I
think every argument that has been made use of
this morning was made use of then. It was
attacked on the ground of a want of constitutional
authority, it was attacked on the ground that
neither terminus of the line was within our terri-
torial jurisdiction; it was attacked on the ground
of extravagance and inutility. The measure has
been sent to the House of Representatives. It has
been carefully examined there, and considered
by one of the most important committees of that
House, and there have been some amendments
attached to the bill. It is returned here, and the
only question before the Senate is on concurring
with those amendments; but we are brought back
this morning to the original grounds of attack,
with no difference except a little additional vehe-
mence.
Itwould not, perhaps, be very becoming m gen-
tleman to undertake to prophesy what will be the
result of this measure. I confess that my con-
victions of its great utility are very different from
those expressed by some of the Senators who have
preceded me. If this project shall prove success-
ful, or rather if it shall prove practicable to trans-
mit the electric current to the extent proposed
under water, I confess myself convinced that it
will be regarded in five years from this day as the
most important measure of the age, and there will
not be found among intelligent gentlemen, not
only in this body, but throughout the country, a
single dissenting voice as to its propriety. This
is widely different, you will perceive, sir, from
the sentiments and opinions which have been
expressed by some gentlemen who have preceded
me; but the test of these opinions lies in the fu-
ture. We may guide our footsteps by the lamp
of experience; and when we look to the fact that
was hinted at by the honorable Senator from
Texas, that every measure of this character has
met with the same species of opposition, we may
learn at least to be prudent in our denunciations.
Sir, in history I think it is stated that the ques-
tion of applying steam as a motive power for
traveling purposes on roads, was submitted to
