760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
the year 1854. It is eighty miles in length, run- |
mid* from Norfolk to Petersburg, and completing ]
a railroad communication to the West, as as j
Memphis, Tennessee. It is. Mr. Speaker, in a
military point of view, very important to the
Government of the United States. The situation
of Norfolk is known to be central. There is a
large amount of property belonging to the United
States at the navy-yard at that place. The Gov-
ernment has undertaken to protect that locality
by very extensive fortifications at Fort Monroe
and the Rip Raps. The original plan of defense
contemplated two forts in the inner harbor of
Norfolk. The facilities for transporting troops
and munitions of war in times of public disturb-
ance would be so much increased by the comple-
tion of this road as to render unnecessary these
inner fortifications.
Mr. Speaker, I have said thus much only for
the purpose of enabling the House to understand
the importance of the road to the Government
itself; but it is not on that giound that this appli-
cation is now made. The application is made for
reasons which have never been rejected by this
House, but which, from the very earliest period
of our history, have been respected and allowed.
Sir, some time in the year 1855 an epidemic
made its appearance in the city of Norfolk, which
I verily believe was unexampled m the history of
pestilence throughout the world. Early in the
month of July of that year, two or three myste-
rious canes of disease occuired in the town of
Portsmouth, about half a mile removed from Noi-
folk, on the opposite side of the river. At first
they rather awakened curiosity than excited alarm; ■
but they were quickly followed by others and by |
others, and in a short time 11 became evident that j
a fearful epidemic had broken nut. It soon made |
that such a bounty would have been acceptable
to his constituents.
And now, Mr. Speaker,the inhabitants of Nor-
folk appeal to the representative* of that people
who poured in their donations so liberally and
freely, mcrely.to extend some little term of credit :
for the payment of debts due upon the railroad |
iron ordered for the completion of this road, i
Thoy ask nothing more; and they feel that in |
addressing the representatives of those constitu- i
encies who have given such substantial manifest-
ations of their sympathy in donations amounting
to hundreds of thousands of dollars, that they do
not appeal in vain.
Mr. Speaker, there are many cases of such
relief as that now asked for. Early in the present
century, when a calamitous fire occurred in the
town of Newport, Rhode Island, the Congress of
the United States passed a law giving time to all i
those resident in that town who were indebted to 1
the Government in duty bonds for the payment
of their indebtedness. A similar law was passed
in various other instances for the relief of other I'
communities who had suffered from the visitation \
offil'C. I
And now, sir, what comparison is there be- i
tween the losses occurring from a brief conflagra- j
tion, however destructive, which is over in a few |
hours, and those resulting from an aillictive dispell- i
sation of Provide nee, continuing for four months? |
if such applications have been granted by Con- j
stress, how much stronger is the present one! j
The people of Norfolk ask nothing in the way of j
bounty. They are willing to give good sccutity ,
for the payment of this indebtedness to the Gov- :
eminent. The bill provides that they shall give :
bonds and personal security for the payment of the i
deferred installments. The vessels laden with this <
railroad iron have arrived at the port of Norfolk. |
its way to the city of Norfolk, where, creepm j
slowly and stealthily through the avenues of the ,j If the. cash duties are exacted, the company will
town, it broke forth at last in a general conllogra- j! probably be compelled to put the iron in ware-
tion of pestilence—if I may so express myself. j| house at a great loss to themselves, and without
Then, sir, the wildest ahum was exhibited. The j <aiy benefit to the Government whatever. It is
• tho
care of each man seemed to In; lo remove
dependent on him from the leach of that deadly
contagion; but the .Marin had <pme befoie them. j
Entrance to the- neighboring tuv/ny v, closed. ^
Sanitary regulations weie adopted. Ctuarantine ,|
proclamations were isMieu, commencing first at
that very point (Old Point Comfort) which was
designed by the Government oi the United States .j
for the especial protection of the inhabitants of ,j
Norfolk and Portsmouth, e'or some time, nnd ,j
xuitil these rigorous resolutions were i\ sanded, d
there wore no means of escape. Thy riuh<>ad
trains were stopped; the straniboUs suspended
their trips; all supplies weie cut oil; and in rulrii- ;j
tion to the horrors of pestilence, there was now ,j
the fear of starvation. d
Sir, I cannot attempt to depict the horrors of :
that crisis. History lias rccoided them, and ijiey .t
cannot he forgotten by gentlemen heie. The ,!
generous'people of the United States, !rom all 'j
quarters of the Union, povied in their Mural:;
contributions, to the amount of hundreds oi thou- i
sands of dollars, which I take pleasure m ac- '
"knowledging. Sir, there never was greater distress :!
invoking such aid. There was even difficulty m <
burying the dead, and theie was sometimes a :
fierce contention for the possession of a coffin. !,
The inhabitants of Norfolk went wherever they j
could find safety and shelter. Many of them ]
lived in cabins and tents pitched m the woods and j
fields. It may be supposed that their means were j
very much reduccd—expended, as they neces- !
sanly were, in the support of those whom they
carried away with them; it may be supposed,
that on the return of such of the population as sur- j
vived and as chose to return, the list of insolven-
cies was great, and that but a comparatively small
portion of the public revenue could be collected i
from those who were indebted for public taxes.
Sir, this pestilence lasted nearly iour months. ,
All business, all the operations of trade were sus- !
pended; and in consideration of the condition of j
the town thus afflicted by a providential dispen- j
sation, the Legislature of the State of Virginia, j
not, as my colleague stated, at the instance of the '
I call for the previous ques-
j not, then, an application fortlie remission of duty
i upon raihoad iron, or an oidinaiy petition for
j the extension of tnne for the payment of these
1 d u tii s,Nuchas the gentleman fiom Alabama [Mr.
j Coins] 1ms supposed.
Mi. COHiJ, of Alabama. I have never sitp-
| posed such a bill. My bill does not propose any
j such thing.
| Air. M1LLS0N. Special instances, such as I
j have referred to, are always regaidul favorably.
| The Committee of Ways and Means have ie-
j ported unanimously, recommending the passage
; of 1 ho pending bill. I hardly think that if the gen-
j tlcman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Campbell] had
i been pteseiU in committee, and known the char-
acter of the bill, he would have withheld his con-
currence.
Mr. LETCHER.
Air. CAMPHELL, of Pennsylvania. £ am op-
posed to all special legislation. I cannot entertain
the same views as the gentleman from Virginia.
I move to lay the bill upon the table; and on that
question demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Air. COBB, of Alabama, if the call for the
previous question is not seconded, will it not then
be in order to amend the bill so as to make it
general m its character?
The SPEAKER, it will.
Air. COBB, of Alabama. I hope, then, the pre-
vious question will be voted down. I want this
bill to be. general m its provisions.
^Mr. UNDERVv'OOD. I would, inquire whether
it is competent, at this stage of the proceedings,
to move that that bill i>e recommitted to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, with instructions to
report a ermeial bill on the same subject?
Tho SPEAKER. It is not competent pending
the call for the previous question.
The question was taken on Air. Camx-dell's
motion; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 93, nays 89; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiiinrht, \lhson, Barbour. Ilenry Ban-
people of Norfolk, but undated and unasked, ||
passed a law, by a unanimous vuto, suspending , chatTt-o, Ezra Clark, Claw-on, Colfax, Coming Cov.xJe,
the time for the payment of the public taxes due li Cox, C'rasun, Cumkiek, Damrell, Timothy Pa vie, ]>ny,
to the State. Thev would have remitted them !| Bean, Dirk.l>ickso«, Dodil.Dmm. nni-fce,j;die,j!dwauls,
  * .. i f , - ,3 Lnghsii, Ethemlae, f'di-ler, !• lorence, henry fll. x-ulicr,
altogether if they had received any tiniroation Thomas j. d. Fiiik'r, G;i?Jo*vay, Crow, Hoboit B.
from the representative of the city of jNonolx, U Hall, Harlan, Hodges, Ilolloway, Thomas K. Hoiton,
Hughston, George W. Jones, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, Kunkel, Lindley, Killinn Miller, Mdlward, Morgan,
Morrill, Mott, Mm ray,' Norton, Paiker, Pearce, F^ruiiuf*-
ton, Peri}, Petut. Punjile. J'tuvmn^e, Robbing jlobeite,
Ho!)i-on. t^app, Scoit, Sheinjan, Hairmel A.
Smith, Spinner, Stanton. Stianabnn, Tappan, Tiiounsrtou,
Todd, Yy-on, \v'akernais, Waibtul;;e, Waidron, Cauwala-
dcr C. VVashbuiiie, Waison, Wlnuiey, Wood, WoodtulF,
arid Wood tvorth—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Akei^. Allen, Ball, Barksdale,
Hendley S. Bennett, sSiilm^.iU'SL P>lhs, Bococlc, Branch,
Brenton, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Lewi- D Campbell,
Carlisle, Oaruthers, Ca^kie, Ciin?ma , Williamson K. W.
Cobb, Orai?e, Crawford, Cullrn, Jacob C. Davis, Denver,
Dowdell, Ednmndiun, Elliott, Evan*, Faulkner, Foster,
Gainett, Goode, Greenwood, .Ausu.-tns Hall. Sampscm "VV.
Hain'5;, Haven, Hoffman, Valentine i*. Hoiton, Houston,
llowaul, Keitt, Kelly, Lake, Leitci. IvOielier, Lumpkin,
Macf, Humphrey Mdishai], Samuel 8 MassluiU, 3Ia\\vf 11,
McMullm, iHcfiueeri, ?JiU«>r, Million, Moon*. Mor-
i\-on. Nu-Iiol-i, peck, Powell, Quitman, lleade, Ready,
Tlicaii.l, Kuflin, Ra-^t, Sabm. Sage, Sand.tlye, vyava«e,
Sliottoi, William Smith, Snood, Stewart, Kwope, Talbott,
Tayloi, Tlnn>ton, Tialfon, Underwood, Wade, Walker,
Cllihti P>. Washburue, l=Kie! Washlmm, Walking, Wells,
Williams., Wmslow, Darnel B. Wright, and Jolm V. Wright
—SI).
So tho bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania, moved
that the vote by which the bill was laid upon the
table be reconsidered; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider belaid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
rWUOLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled 13.11s, reported us truly enrolled an act for
the relief of the hens of the late Colonel John
Haidm; when the Speaker Mgned the same.
MESSAGE niUJt THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Ashury Dickies, their Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed an act (H. it.
No. 100) to divide the State of Texas into two
judicial districts; and also, that the Senate had
passed a resolution and bills of the following
titles, in which ho was directed to ask the con-
enrronre of the House:
A resolution (No. 53) to prevent the counter-
feiting of the coins of the United States;
An'act (No. 511) supplementary to an act enti-
tled " An act to ascertain and settle the private
land claims m the S'ate of California," approved
March 3, ifiol; and
An act (No. 503) to divide the State of Mis-
souri into two judicial districts.
LA?> D ENTRIES.
ATr. HOUSTON. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has not
expired.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is a small bill upon
the Speaker's table to diposc of, which will not
occupy five minutes. 1 desire the House to take
it up, and they may ask a committee of confer-
ence or call tin" previous question upon it. It is
the bill that passed the House proposing to rectify
some errors in reference to the entries of lands
under the graduation act.
Mr. FLAGLER. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I hope the House
will insist upon going to the business upon the
Speaker's table.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the "Whole on the
state of tho Union.
Mr. HOUSTON". I call for tellers.
Telieis were ordered; and Messrs. Bcffu?to2*
and Grsenwood were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
ninety-two-in the allirmau\o.
Mr. ORU. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
CORRUPTION SPJSCIAL REPORT.
Mr. DAYIS, of Maryland. * I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. I am instructed by the select
committee appointed to investigate the existence
of corrupt combinations among members of Con-
press, to submit a special report relative to the
Sase of the Hon. William A. Gilbert, of New
York, and I am directed to move that that report
be printed; and I desire to state that I shall move,
when that question has been decided on, to post-
pone its consideration until Monday nest. I novr
move that the report be printed; and upon that 1
