762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 19,
that this question of jurisdiction, which gentle-
men seem desirous to make, may now be made.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I give notice that I
shaJi object to all discussion until the Chair
decides the point of order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order until
the question of order be decided.
Mr. GROW. The point of order which I made
was, that this report cannot be received except
by leave of the House; and I cited the Speaker
to the action of the House, and to the ruling, in
the Cilley duel case.
I will read the following extract from the
Globe:
"the late duel.
"Mf.Toucey then rose and informed the House that tlie
committee of investigation were now ready to repoit, and
thattliey had unanimously duccted him to move that in
consideration he postponed till next Monday fortnight, and
that Lt he printed. He therefore asked leave of the House,
at tins tune, to make the report.
"Mr. Robertson was not prepared to say, at that time,
whether he should vote for the proposition to print.
"The Ctiair reminded the ntleman that that propor-
tion was not before the House, but a simple application for
leave to report. When the report came in, then the gen-
tleman might discuss the question to print, if it should be
moved.
"Mr. Pope objected to granting leave, and said liethoujrht
it rather a strange pioceedmg to punt a report of this
character, and postpone it for two weeks. He would be
willing to receive it on Monday morning, but not to post-
pone it.
" Mr. Toocey moved a suspension of the rules.
" Mr. Peck moved an adjournment: lost—ayes 73, noes
80.
" Mr. Pope said he would withdraw his objection ; but
there were others made, and the House suspended the
rules."
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish it to be distinctly
understood that I object to this irregular pro-
ceeding.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's objection
is well taken, and the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania has not the right to debate the question.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I hope the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will be made to take his seat;
the point of order is decided against him. lie is
called to order, and the Chair decides that he is
outof order, yet lie continues upon the floor, and
goes on with his remarks.
Mr. GROW. I am making but a statement.
[Cries of44 Order!"] i will continue to read the
extract I have referred to. [Cries of " Order!"
and great confusion.]
Mr. KEITT. What does the Chair decide ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the report proposed to be made by the gentleman
from Maryland must be stated to the House be-
fore it can be decided whether or not it shall be
received.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I demand that the
report he read. If I have not the right to demand
that it be read, then let the Chair so decide.
Mr. CLINGMAN. What is the decision of
the Chair?
_ The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated that,
in his opinion, the report must be read before the
question can be decided by the House.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I have a res-
olution which I desire to offer.
Mr CLINGMAN. I object to everything not
regularly in order.
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman from New York
has a question of order to present, let him do so.
I will be glad to hear it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the pur-
port of the resolution proposed to be offered by
the gemleman from New York.
Mr, BENNETT, of New York. The resolu-
tion I desire to submit is, that this report be re-
committed to the select committee.
The SPEAKER. It is not yet received.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. It xs in order,
before the report is received, to make that motion.
The resolution I propose to offer will, I think,
be satisfactory to every member of this House.
I propose to recommit this report to the selectcom-
mittee,with instructions to submit a proper report
as to the matter referred to said committee; and the
evidence, if any, taken on that subject; and if,
during the inquiry, any member was involved,
also to reportibat fact to the House; but not the
evidence taken ex parte against any member, or
any argument or comment thereon; and not, for
the first time when a member is named, present
an accusation and a conviction, ending with ex-
pulsion.
The following is a copy of the resolution of-
fered by Mr. Bennett:
Resolved, That the report of the scloct committee ap-
pointed on the 9th of January, 1857, and all the accompany-
ing papers, be recommitted, with instructions to report to
the House th<j evidence taken, if any, hi regard to the mat-
ter about which they were authonzed to inquire ; and also
to repoit to the House whethei, during that inquiry, any
member was involved ; and if so, to report that fact to the
House, but not the evidence taken against any individual
member, or any argument or comment thereon.
Mr. LETCHER. How does the gentleman
know there is a resolution attached to this report
for the expulsion of any member?
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 object to the introduc-
tion of the resolution. Let us get rid of one
question at a time.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
it is impossible to recommit a report that has not
yet been received. The question now is, u Shall
the report be received?" *
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I made the
motion to recommit, with instructions.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York, I take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the appeal be
laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is still in possession of the floor.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. Is my ap-
peal debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. Then I wish
to be heard for a moment.
The SPEAKER. Tho Chair will state the
question. The gentleman from New York moves
that the report from the select committee be re-
committed to that committee. The Chair decides
that that motion is not in order, inasmuch as the
report has not been received. From that decision
the gentleman from New York takes an appeal.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I must call the attention
of the Chair to the preceding point of order which
remains yet undetermined; and I insist that until
it is determined, no motion, unless a motion to
adjourn, can be received.
The SPEAKER. The question referred to by
the gentleman from North Carolina has been de-
cided. The Chan has decided that the report
must be read, before the House can be called on
to decide whether it is or is not privileged.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I ask that the report
be read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York rises to a subsequent question of order, and
takes an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I move that the
appeal be laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has the floor.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I ask the
House to give me their attention only for a few
moments.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Is that appeal de-
batable ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Then we will have
debate on both sides.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the gentleman appeals
from the decision of the Chair that the report must
be read, how can he raise a subsequent question
of order and take another appeal? Which takes
precedence ?
The SPEAKER. The first question has been
decided, and no appeal has been taken. The gen-
tleman from New York rises to a subsequent
question of order, and takes an appeal from the
decision of the Chair. The gentleman from New
York has the floor on that appeal.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The Chair having decided that the
report must be read, and no appeal having been
taken from that decision, must not the report be
now read ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has the right to make a question of order,
and take an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The gentleman from New York will proceed.
Mr. ORR. I hope the gentleman from New
York will be allowed to proceed. Let him state
the grounds upon which he bases his appeal.
The SPEAKER. He has a right to proceed.
: Mr. BENNETT, of New York. The matter
of this report is om of great importance.* It
attacks a member of this House, and my col-
league.
Mr. ICEITT. I rise to a question of order.
We cannot know anything about a report until
it is read. . I do not know what that report is.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. The honor-
able gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis] has
named the Hon. William A. Gilbert, of New
York, to-day for the first time in this House, as
a party charged; and he reports from a commit-
tee a resolution to expel that member from this
House, who was not named as a member to be
proceeded against by the committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Maryland did not say any such thing.
Mr. BENNETT, ofNew York. I understand
the report ends with a resolution of expulsion or
for final action against Mr. Gilbert. That was
the statement in substance made by the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Davis.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I have made no
statement concerning the resolution of the com-
mittee.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. The fact is
not now denied, and I have mentioned this only
as preliminary to what I am going to say. What
I fear is, that this House, in their over zeal to
reach men who are supposed to be criminal,
wili^o great injustice to the privileges of tho
member accused, and of every member upon thia
floor. I claim, and I wish the House would pa-
tiently hear me, that no man in this land is to be
accused, tried, and condemned unheard, and then
brought in here by a committee that the judgment
of the committee shall be executed under the ope-
ration of the previous question. Such a thing
was never heard of before.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Was Mr. Brooks
before the committee who reported on his case?
Mr. BENNETT, ofNew York. I always have
understood he was. No, sir, not in Mr. Brooks's
case—not in any man's case—never since civiliz-
ation began—has such a thing been attempted
before.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. What is the ques-
tion before the House?
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
appeal from the decision of the Chair, and debate
must be confined to that appeal.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. This debate must
be confined to the question before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hold the
debate to the pending question.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. The resolu-
tion raising this committee is neither more nor
less than a committee of investigation. What
was it to investigate ? A charge based upon an
article in the New York Times.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I call the gentle-
man to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is in order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I take an appeal '
from that decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. There is one appeal already
pending.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. It is perfectly ap-
parent that it is decided there shall be no action
on this report — that it is to be choked down.
[Loud cries of " Order !'']
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
will be seated, or the Chair will order the Ser-
geant-at-Arms to arrest him. The Chair will
order the arrest of any member who persists in
disobeying the rules of the House.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. You had better
send the Sergeant-at-Arms after the thieves.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will endeavor to
hold both sides of the House to a strict adher-
ence to the questions before the House; and the
Chair will state to the gentleman from New York
that debate should be confined to the appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I intend to
confine myself to that point. I want the House
to bear in mind what this investigating commit-
tee were to investigate; and I was ^oing back to
show what the charge was upon which that com-
mittee was appointed; and then I was going to
showtherelevancyofmyprdposition. Thecharge
wast in substance, that early during the last ses-
sion a corrupt combination of members existed,
in this House, of such numbers^and of such'
