1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
768
strength, that they could kill or carry any meas-
ure before this House in almost every instance.
Such was the charge; and that charge was in-
dorsed in some manner by a member, as is recited
in the Evolution which was passed. Upon that
precise charge of general corruption and combi-
nation, the appointment of a committee to inves-
tigate it was made. That resolution passed this
House by an almost unanimous vote; and now I
am apprised that the committee comes in, and,
throughoneofitsmembers, [Mr. Davis, ofMary-
land,] reports charges against an individual mem-
ber who was not named or alluded to. In that
resolution a corrupt combination was charged,
and they report in reference to an individual mem-
ber, in relation to whose actions they were not
authorized to inquire, except in connection with
the corrupt combination charged. I make this
remark, not because any member would shrink
from an investigation, but I desire it should be
done in a fair and legitimate way, and not in the
manner in which this committee have proceeded.
Why, Mr. Gilbert was away and at home when
this charge was made before the committee. It
was not introduced, according to the rules of
parliamentary law, into this House, it should
be; and the member did not have any notice before
or at the time this charge was introduced improp-
erly before the committee.
Mr. SAVAGE. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I hope the
gentleman will be patient.
Mr. SAVAGE. I rise to a point of order on
the gentleman.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that the
gentleman from New York has a right to refer to
the resolution which was passed by the House,
and upon which the committee has acted, but that
he cannot debate the genaral merits of the report.
Mr. ORR. I hope the gentleman will be allowed
to proceed and make his statement.
Mr. SAVAGE. Well, I hope he will not. He
is clearly not discussing the point of order as to
whether the report shall be received.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hold the
gentleman to the subject, which is the point of
order.
_ Mr. BENNETT, of New York. My resolu-
tion is a resolution of instruction and recommit-
ment. Instruction to the committee to do what ?
The committee, I take it, only desires to do what
the House thinks necessary and proper for tlieir
dignity and honor to do. I take it they do not
desire to do anything unjust to any member. If
they have any feelings which would lead them
beyond that, I shall not believe it until I discover
it in some way. Now, what do I propose? I
propose that the committee shall report upon the
subject committed to them, which is the specific
charges of a corrupt combination or conspiracy
of members of this House. If in that inquiry
any individual member is found to be involved,
they should report that fact to the House—and
that is all they should report. Then it would bo
before the House to try those members upon the
charges against them. And I ask, is not that
right; and is it not parliamentary ? Let me read
the authorities to show that I am right.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. It is this: Is it in order for the
gentleman from New Yorlc to discuss the propri-
ety of the course pursued by the committee, when
the question is upon the appeal from the decision
of the Chair — the decision of the Chair being,
that there could be no motion to recommit the
report until the report had been accepted; from
which decision of the Chair an appeal has been
taken ? The only question, therefore, is, whether
the paper can be recommitted before it has been !
received. !
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot de- j
bate the general course pursued by the commit- j
tC6. '
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I was de- j
bating the propriety of my own resolution. j
Mr. RITCHIE. I wish to interrupt the gen- I
tlcman from New York a single moment, for a
word of explanation which relates to the remarks
of the gentleman from New York, and which, I
think, will place the whole matter clearly ^before
the House, and may give members some light as
to the subsequent course of this discussion.
The resolution under which the committee was
appointed recited that certain charges had been
made in the newspapers, of general corruption of
members of this House. In addition, it recites
that the gentleman from North Carolina impli-
cated an individual member of this House. That
was referred to in the preamble by the words:
" Whereas, certain statements have been made, charging
that members of this House have entered into corrupt com-
binations for the purpose of passing and preventing the pas-
sage of certain measures during the present Congress> and
whereas a member of this House has stated that the article
referred to is not wanting in truth: Therefore," &c.
And the resolution which was passed referred
to that preamble, and is in these words:
" Resolved, That a committee, consistingoffive members,
be appointed by the Speaker, with power to send for per-
sons and papers, to investigate said charges; and that said
committee report the evidence taken, and what action, in
their judgment, is necessary on the part of the House, with-
out any unnecessary delay."
The construction put upon that resolution by
the majority of the committee was, that we were
to inquire in reference to any individual case of cor-
ruption charged upon any member of the House
by any evidence which should come before them,
and they should proceed to investigate that case,
and mate a report upon it, reporting the evidence
on both sides, and the opinion of the committee
upon the evidence, and a resolution to be adopted
by the House.
In obedience to that construction of the order of
the House, we have acted, not because we thought
it discretionary with us whether we would or not,
but because we thought it incumbent upon us. I
say with perfect frankness, that if I did not feel
bound to report in the manner we have done, I
would not have done it. But I felt bound to re-
port an individual case, if it came before the com-
mittee, under the circumstances under which the
resolution was proposed and adopted. Now, if
the House differs from us upon that point, and
are of opinion that we have no right to go into an
investigation of an individual case, and report a
resolution for final action to the House, we do
not want them to receive the report. But if, under
the resolution, they think we have, they should
receive the special report, and either adopt it or !
reject it as they think proper. j
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. The fact is j
now distinctly before the House just as I stated j
before, that under this general resolution of in-
quiry, the committee have investigated several
distinct individual charges, have taken evidence
before them, and have brought in a resolution for
the final action of the House against individual
members never named before. That is the point
of order I make against their proceeding, and I
object to the reception of that report, and I object
to it upon authority. I contend that it is proper
that this report should be sent back to them, with
instructions to report upon the subject committed
to them, and if any individual, during the course
of their inquiry, be found implic?.ted in any im-
proper conduct, to report that fact to the House,
for the House to toke action upon it, and not
proceed at once ex paite to occusc, try, and con-
demn any member of tins House not named be-
fore. As to recommitting the report, I will read
from May's Parliamentary Law, page 295:
'* A se'eet committee is composed of certain members
appointed by the llouie to oon-id ar or mqune into any
matter?, and to report thou opinion*, for the intormation of
the Hour-e. Like a Committee of the Whole House, a se-
icct committee arc restumiod tiom considering matteis not
speoiallyrei'eiied to them h\ the Hou-p. When it ^thought
necessary to extend then mqu.ries beyond the order of lef- -
erenec, a special mstiucuoii from the House gives them j
authority for that purpose ; oi* if it be deemed advisable to t
restrict 'their inquiries funhei than was ouginally intended, :
an instruction may be given by the House, prescribing the j
limits, of their poweis." ' |
And also from Cushing's Law and Practice of !
Legislative Assemblies, page 756: j
'* On the question of brmcina up the report, it is compc- j
tent to any member t<"> ob,ect to nve \imr the lpp-Mt on the :
ground of any irrosriilanty, either of foim. as, for example,
that the repnit is fuil ot eia>ures and mteili'ieation?., or of
substance, as. for example, th.it it it not 'within the powers j
of the committee ; or to £■> into a e-'iieiat debate on the sub- ]
jeet-matter; but it i  not in onier to move to amend the le- j
port; it must either bo received or rejected, as it is ; and no !
motion, except for recommitment, ca7i he r-x/ne in relation to •
it until Uhas been received. j
u Whenever the. chairman or other member of the com- i
mittee is ready torepoit.Iie obtains possession of the House, :
or i* called by the Speaker, forthe purpo?e7 ami announces ;
that he has a repottfrom such a committee. He thereupon i
proceeds in his place to read the tepurt in question. If the '
report is objected i  by anybody, ri*h< r on the ground of .
form, as not being Dioperlyptc-paved, according to mem ders i
of the House, or of substance, as not being within the juris- •
diction cf the eouimittte, tin* raises the question r<f tue
reception. If the objection is on the ground of order, a ques-
tion is presented in the first instance for the presiding office*
to decide. If the ground of order is overruled, or the report
is suffered to proceed notwithstanding, or a suspension of
the rules takes place, then the question of reception is to be
put to the House, or supposed to be so, and if decided in the
affirmative, the report is accordingly received and further
proceedings bad thereon. If the objection is not one of
order, the question of reception is to be put at once to the
House,"
Also from the Laws of Parliament, page 327:
" A committee of either House ought not by law to pub-
lish their own results, neither are their conclusions of any
force without the confirmation of the House, which hath
the same power of controlling them as if the matter had
never been debated."
The law of the following authorities is to show
how a member should be proceeded against.
I read from the Manual, page 66, and rule 139,
| adopting it:
1 " When a committee is charged with an inquiry, if a
( member prove to be involved, they cannot proceed against
j him, but must make a special report to the House; wbere-
; upon the member is heaid in hiss place, or at the bar, or a
i special authority is given to the committee to inquire con-
l eerning him."—9 Grey. p. 523.
' "130. The rules of parliamentary practice, comprised in
! Jefferson's Manual, shall govern the House in all cases to
which they are applicable, and m which they arc not incon-
sistent with the Standing Rules and Orders of the House,
and the Joint Rules of the Senate and House of Represent-
atives.'7—September 15,1837.
Also from Debates in the Commons, volume
12:
" This day, Mr. Sandys, to avoid the reflection of a dis-
honorable proceeding, in preferring a charge without giving
previous notice, thought it proper to go fiom his place to
Sir Robert Walpole, and in a very frank manner told him,
that he might take warning, and prepare to be upon his
guard, for that on Friday next 1m should bring an accusation
of several articles against him. Sir Robert paused a little
upon so unexpected a compliment; but thanked him very
politely for the information, and said he desired no favor,
but fair play. Mr. Sandys afterwards mentioned this affair
j publicly in the House, and said he had a charge to make
| against an honorable member of the House, the Chancellor
I of the Exchequer, whom he required to be m hi? place to
I hear and answer it on Friday morning next. Sir Robert
I returned for answer, that he should certainly attend ; and
I as he was not conscious of any crime to deserve buch an
J accusation, did not doubt of being able to make a proper
defense."
| Mr. SAVAGE. I Mse to a point of order. I
I understood the Chair, when I made the point of
S order on the gentleman a moment since, to pledge
j to me and the House that he would keep the
j gentleman in order and keep him confined to the
; point; I submit to the Chair whether the gentte-
; man is continuing; in order, and whether it is not
j the duty of the Chair to keep him in order?
; The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
j the gentleman from New York is anticipating th8
discussion. The report is not yet received; and
the question immediately pending is a question
of order, whether before the report be received
a motion to recommit is in order?
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. Can I not
be allowed to give authority to show that my
instructions are in order?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would submit
this one remark, that the question of privilege
pending supersedes all others, and must be first
decided.
The SPEAKER. That is the very question
pending.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Can he submit
his notice to recommit?
The SPEAKER. It is a precedent question,
and must be first decided.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The question of
< privilege should be first decided, and the Chair
•' cannot dccidc that until the report be read.
! The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
! York [Mr. Bexxttt] has a right to make a cjues-
, tion of order, and must be hc?rd upon it; but
, the gentleman must confine himself to the ques-
. tion.
| Mr. SIMMONS. I wish, through the Socaker,
, to appeal to the House to allow something like a
' candid deliberation and debate to go on. So many
interruptions are discreditable to us, not only
J here, but in the estimation of the world.
! The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
' York must confine hims-Jf to the narrow ques-
tion of the motion toYecommit.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. My idea, and
the point which I present, is this: that it is not
in order, under the general resolution constituting
this committee, to report individual charges, and
to have final action taken against a member of tho
' House, if, when this report came in, objection
was made to its being received.
