tm
the congressional globe.
February 19,
The SPEAKER. That is very true, lhat
Question is still pending. Bat the gentleman from
New York raised another question, which is, that
it is in order to move to recommit the report lie-
fore it is received. The Chair mles the motion
to be out of order, and from that decision the gen-
tleman from New York takes an appeal.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. Then I will
propose to withdraw the motion to recommit; and
I move instructions to the committee.
The SPEAKER. It is not competent for the
fentieman to move instructions until the report
e received. The Chair has stated that when the
report shall have been received the motion will be
in order; but the leport is not yet received.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I rise to a question
ef order. The gentleman from New York has
withdrawn his appeal from the decision of the
Chair, and there is nothing: for debate.
The SPEAKER. He has moved another ques-
tion, and that is a resolution of instructions to the
committee.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The Chair has de-
cided that th$t is out of order, and the gentleman
has not appealed from the decision.
TheSPEAKER. The Chair suggested that the
gentleman had not the floor for (hat purpose, and
that it was not a question of privilege; bui until
it is determined whether the report shall be re-
ceived, the resolution of instructions cannot be
received.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. My point is,
that the reception of the report involves a breach
of the privileges of every member on this floor. ,
The committee might just as well have moved a ]
resolution to expel any member on this floor,
without having a hearing, as Air. Gilbert.
The SPEAKER. The whole question will ho
raised when it is decided whether the report shall
be received; and on that question the members
of the House have a right to have the report
read.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I object to
the reception of the report; and on the question
of its reception 1 call fora^vute of ;he House, and
claim a right to have a vote upon it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York must bee that where a repot i is presented
hy a commitioe on the privileges of the House,
and where objection is made to the reception of
that report, it must be suited to the 1 ions" in order
that the body sh d! determine whether (he report
Shall be received or not. Tin- Chan has not re-
ceived it; hui )t must he submitted to the i louse
whethei ii will he received or not.
Mi, WAMIliiURN, uf M.one, I raise this
point of order. The ^entlenuui fi om \lai ykind
introduced a report, accompanied by a resolution,
which he staled at the time had leference to an
individual member of this House. Now, sir, my
judgment is, that, under the resolution which was
adopted by the House, they could repoit to (ho
House whether there had been produced before
them any evidence showing that tin ic \v«;r<5 corrupt
combinations h'-re, and if so, (hi n it would be in
orden for the House t o oidei a 11 ia!, and that trial
should be hud aecmdim* to pai liamentai \ usa^e.
and in u manner that would project the i ightwof all
members. My point tine ih.it, inasmuch as the
gentleman fiom Maryland has Mated that his re-
port has lefetvnce to an mdi\ idu.d member, and as
we are called upon to pjs& upon a resolution elect-
ing tbat member, u is not in order for the House
to receive a report and pass on the case of an indi- ■
vidua! member, and that all that this committee |
can do is to make a genetal report, and (hoi the 1
lionsc may, if usee lit, order the dial of all these i
parties, according to paihmvientary law. There- -
foie, if the Chair rules that tins report can be ie- '
ceived—tins report going outride of the junsdie- ]
tion ot the committee—I shall feel myself bound '
to take on appeal. J !
Xxie SPEAKER, The Chair has not made I
that ruling. I he question as to whether the re- :
port will be received or not must be determined =
by the Housn. :
Mr. "VV AbHOUItN, of Maine. That is why ] !
rai&e the question of order. It already appears, '
from the bUUment of the gentleman from Mary- !
land, that ihu report is not and cannot be in 1
compliance with the resolution of the House con-
stituting that committee; and inasmuch as that
appears from the statement of the gentleman who
oitered the report, I may well take the point of
order, first, that it cannot be received or read, and
that it cannot be read until it be received.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
report must be stated to the House; and the House
can then judge whether it will be received or not.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I call for the readme;
of the report, before, there are any more points
of order. *
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, read the report,
and it is as follows:
The Select Committee appointed, in pursuance
of the resolution of the liouse of the 9th of Jan-
uary, 1857, to investigate certain charges referred
to m the preamble to the resolution, and to report
the evidence taken, and what proceedings, in their
judgment, are necessary on the part of the House,
submit the following report relative to Wii.j.um
A. Gilbert, a member of this House from New
York;
The testimony of two witnesses relates to that
member. An analysis of their evidence will best
exhibit what the committee considered to be
proved; and a reference to their testimony at large
will enable the House to judge for themselves the
conclusions of the committee.
The first witness, James 11. Sweeney, stated
that he knew of a case of an attempt of a member
oi Congress to obtain compensation for his vote;
that the compact was entered into in witness's
presence, between the author of the book, F. F.
C. Triplett, and the member of Congress, Wil-
liam A. Gilbert; that he could not give the lan-
guage used, nor was lie sure he could give the
substance of their talk; but the result was given
in a writing which he produced—which was an
oidet on the Oejk of the H ouse, drawn by Trip-
It tt, in favor of Sweeney, for $>14,500, and dated
August, 1^50. As neailv as he could recollect,
AJr. Tnplett proposed, if the book was taken by
Congress at £1 35 per copy, he would give ft?,500;
if at 40, then <fj 500 moie, and so on at the same
rate up to 50 a copy; the scale might have
begun at $1 40 and #8,000;but his impression was
that it began at 35.
JNro writing was drawn at the time of the ar-
rangement; figuring only was done to ascertain
the sums on the various juices; but at a subsequent
day the witm ss wav requested by Mr. Gilbert
to procure the writing above mentioned. That,
however, no part of the money was for him, but
it was in pursuance and execution of the contract
j hefote \ ei bully made. i ie was requested to take
j the older in his own name; he could not say he
I v as ordered, m so many u ords, to pay the motley
! to any pen on; but the bargain was between Tnp-
; letr and Gilbeit, and his undrtstanding was that
! the money was to <ro to Mr Gilbert.
The witnes.s said fui thci, that there Wits an ap-
parent disci epancy between the late of compen-
dium and the order, and that (hoe was a differ-
ence of opinion elsewhere on that point; but his
impression was tlnu all above a certain amount
was to i'o to other parties than the author of the
hook; that he was to pay at the rate he had spe-
cified up to ;>(); and if the work was taken at
that rate, one or two thousand doliai s additional.
The other witness was F. F. C. Tnplett, the
compiler of the work in question, who stated tlwit
he had had negotiations with membeis of Con-
gtes.-', though he did not know that he could do
justice to the party in question; that three or four
years ago, at the request of the Commissioner of
Pensions, he had prepared a digest of the pension
and bounty land laws, and endeavored, but failed,
to get Congress to take copies* of the work.
At the last fission, one Hi unetr, who had printed
his woi k, endeavored to push it on Congress; and
the witness had set to work to resist ins claim,
and was confining himself to that alone, when he j
received a message from William A. Gilbert that ;
he desired to see witness and converse with him i
relative to his book. j
The introduction took place. The witness is j
not certain that the subject-matter about which !
he wished to talk was mentioned at that time. [
Ho saw Mi. Gilbert afterwards, and in a conver- 1
sation about that and other things, the proposal j
came to the witness about in this way: Mr. Gil- !
bert asked the witness for what amount he could
aflord to publish his book/ lie made a calcula-
tion^and stated the amount which would satisfy
him for the publication of it.
The witness thinks Mr. Gilbert said he thought
the tning could be got through, and got through
for a better price than the witness had named.
What that price was the witness could not state
with certainty. He had been told, however,
that his competitor was making liberal prop-
ositions to members of Congress: ancL the wit-
ness told Air, Gilbert that he was willing to take
a certain sum for his book—perhaps $1 40 per
copy—and that if it were put in at a higher price,
the witness did not care what became of the bal-
ance of it; and prior to the last session, he gave
to Sweeney an order for a certain amount of
money, on the supposition that if the resolution
should pass, this money should be paid out of
that appropriation.
He did not care about inquiring who was to
receive it, nor what became of it. He thinks it
was in the neighborhood of #14,500. It proceeded
on the supposition that so many copies of the book
were taken at such a price. The witness knew from
the information he had in reference to such mat-
ters, that he could not hope to get anything done
xcitlwut the use of means, and therefore he assented
to the proposal, vnthout attempting to investigate how
the money iras to be uwd. There was no distinct
understanding between this gentleman and him-
self as to the aiipropriation of the money. His
recollection of how the promise came to be put
into writing is this: he thinkslhere was probably
a desire on the part of both parties that it should
be done. It was represented to him that the party
who had made the proposal wanted something to
show for it; and the witness, wishing to have no
such dealing with a member of Congress, was
anxious it should be placed in the hands of a third
paiiy. The paper was given on Sweeney's rep-
resentation. There weie, of course, various con-
sultations with Mr. Gilbert, but the above is, the
witness says, the substance of them, so far as re-
lates to tin euntract. When Sweeney made appli-
cation for the paper, witness told him he was\ery
glad to be relieved from the position of having any
contract with a member of Congress on the sub-
ject. He never expected to inquire who received
the money m the event of the passage of the book;
he intended to keep himself as ignorant upon that mat-
ter ab he, could, with a strong belief ox tiie
st-bji.ct. ilis impression was, that Sweeney's
| application was the result of an interview with
'| the member, though Mr. Gilbert never told him
so; hut Sweeney came to the witness originally
about the matter; knew all about it from the tirsf;
and the witness supposed that he was a friend
of tiny party, Mr. Gilbert, and that if he paid
Sweeney, it would be satisfactory to J\Ir. Gilbeit.
Tim understanding between the witness at the
time of the conversation between him and Mr.
Gilbei t was not that Mr. Gilbert was to have the
surplus moaey, but that it icas to be used in those
influences that are used in (he passage of bills involv-
ing moncy ; what part Mr. Gilbert was to have,
or whether he was to have any, the witness says,
of course, he never inquired, but he was to exert
himself for the passage of the bill. Though the
witness had conversations with other members,
this was the only thing which seemed like a defi-
nite understanding; and this understanding was that
witness did not care to know, and did not intend
to know, how the money was to be disposed of.
There was no other conversation where the/e was
any such understanding — passing loose talk and
suggestions; there was nothing appioaching u
contract with any one else.
1 he contract to which he had referred was not
absolute. It was given to Sweeney with the under-
jj standing tlicit lie was not to execute it unless the
11 buojt passed at a certain price—he thinks it was
j fcil 50 per copy ; he thinks something was said
I about a graduated scale, or perhaps $1 50 was to
be paid to him, and all over to some one else. If
! the highest price named were given, the whole
j sum in the \witmg was lobe paid—if a less price,
' a reduction was to br. made. He did not mean to be
j understood that he entered info a contract ivith Mr.
j Gilbert on the first conversation, but he thinks that
i when the arrangement was finally made, Sweeney was
j present, but*nnt at oxir first conversation when Mr.
Gilbeit weis introduced.
! On a subsequent day, Mr. Triplett was reex-
amined, and then testified, among other things,
relative to Dr. Welch's relations to Mr. Gilbert,
as follows: That he meant to confine himself, in
his reply to a question previously answered, to a,
denial of any specific contract with any one else
but Mr. Qilfierfc; that I)r. Welch was aware of
