770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
committee felt' themselves constrained so far by
the order of the House that they eould not go be-
yond that, unless the testimony showed outsiders
were implicated in some way, by the testimony,
with some member within the Hall.
What is the phraseology of the resolution cre-
ating this committee ? 1 do not know whether
tho gentleman from New York voted for it or
not. It is as follows:
' " Whereas certain statements have been made, plunging
that members of tins House have entered into corrupt com-
binations"—
Not corrupt combination—
"for the purpose of passing and preventing the passage
oC certain measures? during the present Congress ; and
whereas a member of this House ha* stated that the aiticie
referred to 4 is not wanting m truth Thmei'ore,
" Resolved, That a committee, consisting of five mem-
bers} be appointed bj thti Speaker. with power to send loi
persons and papois to investigate h«ud charj^; and titut
said cornmitice icport the evulence taken, and what action,
in their judgment, is necessary on tho part of the House,
without any unneeessaiy delay."
The conclusion of the resolution in tho case
acted on by the House at the Ja:>t session is as
follows:
"That a select committee ot live he appointed bv the
Speaker to investigate tin: subject an.I icpoit Hi" i'u t-=, with
such resolutions in reieienee thereto as in their ind^im-nt !
may 1>p pioper and neress-ary f<n tin- \ indication oi the j
chain* ter of' the Hotise; and that ^u<l committee hu\e i
power lo «ond for pei-ons and paptis, and to employ a [
clerk." I
The gentleman from Now York objects to our I
Quaking a report. lie says that we ought to ic- 1
port tho evidence. Does thai comply with the f
terms of the resolution J I ask any gentleman to j
take tho resolution, read it,and gi\e it a fair eon- i
sUruction, and to way whether In: eon, m his con- I
science, hold that, a .simple report of the evidence j
would exonerate tho committee from ceustue for j
not giving tho House, af. diieeted by thu House, 1
their judgment on 'ho testimony? j
No\v, sir, Unite aie the uuthorith'a on which :
we rely to sustain us. If? the unifoun practice
of the House worth anything' If it in, we have
that. I lore is i lie n: t< i pu iaLon which flu;- I 1 ouse
hn« given indorsing that. prnefie. . Hen- is tlx;,
interpretation which I ;mvc nf flu! parhamentaiy ;
law. The standi in: rules ami oidei s of' the 1 I ouse -
have priority or precedence o\er tit,a lawnnd the 1
Manual; and this resolution, to that ( \tent, su- j
persedoa tlint clause of the Manual upon which
gentlemen rely, In eveiy pom! of view, 1 believe ■
we. had full authonty and jurisdiction to make
the repot t. s
Mr. {Speaker, I re<;iet that this duty was dc- !
volvijd upon me. The gentleman speaks about ,
forty days being required to mature these charges, j
In the pi'i'lornuuice of my duty I have ne\er in ,
my life before spent forty more uneomfoi table |
and disagreeable flays than I have in hearing the :
testimony of witnesses lmpluuimg men hitherto I
of high utid unquestioned chaiacn r. it has hem i
& punful cuul unpleasant duty Hut 1 have per-
formed it. 1 h;t\c dune it firmly, and, as 1 he- !
lieve, justly; and inn now \v slhug to submit to the j
judgment of the House and the country <vi to the 1
manner in which that duty has been performed, i
Now, Mr. Speaker, t he two gentlemen who ha\ e \
addre«ycd the House against receiving- this report, ;
m m to be posted up with reference'to tho testi-
mony in tim* particular case. I submit to the ]
f!outH  that there ought to have been no discu«- (
kio  on that point. The other members of the ;
1 {oust- know nothing of the testimony. U is only :
the (>••?! titular friends of the membm accused in
who-.e liandn that testimony has been placed. Do
not gentlemensoe the effect of u? Uentiemen g«-t '
uj> hm , and, on n mme question of order, </o to j
woilc to discuss the merits a1' the question^ and
to bs ;ng into distepute the report of the commit- '
{<■«> helot < u, or the utaruinir evidence sees tlie
h^ht.^unh sn wo follow the example they have set
uti.of ^Oiu-f ;dso : .to the tostiniony, and state,
before We report u-acusily to the Hous<>, what that,
testimony is. 1
Gentleman talk oi* the character of the wit-
nesses. The committee wei^h^d the testimony'
of thee*; witnesses; they weighed the character :
of tiieso witnesses. As one «.j{* us members 1 '
ehoulil liHve iv-en happy, nub . d, to have been I
able to hold my hand on mv ii"a.'t, and say to i
this House nini to the eountrv that ther.o wit- i
n^BFt>n ore unworthy of belief;'!iur S roitld nofj
as  h conscientious: mivn, do «o. The i-eutleiiuui
says that one of these witnesses has been turned
out of the position of Doorkeeper; that he is a
terrible specimen of humanity, and all that sort
of thing. Why, Mr. Speaker, the report states
this fact—and I invite the attention of gentlemen
to it in whose minds there has been a lodgment
made unfavorable to the character of this witness
—thai this reviled witness, this degraded witness,
this infamous witness, only one brief year ago,
had the indorsement of the member who is ac-
cused, to an official appointment m this House,
and through his influence he was appointed to an
office upon the floor of this House. Talk to me
of his setting up such a witness as that as being
infamous ! I submit that his mouth is closed and
his hps sealed upon that question.
A word in reference to the other witness, Mr.
Tiiplett. It is said that i\Jr. Tnplott was dis-
missed for malfeasance inoffi.ee. Where is the
proof? How doos the gentleman know it?
All. HRN'NKTT, of Xew York. I rise to a
point of order. It is not competent for the gen-
tleman to discuss the evidence.
The SPEAlvKR. The gentleman from South
Carolina is in order.
Mi. ORR. That objection comes with signal
good i^iace from the gentleman from New Yoik,
who denounced this witness as unwoithy of be-
lief— with signal grace indeed ! The first part of
the gentleman's remarks J thought were perfectly
legitimate—that portion of his remarks confined
lo the question of order. Hut he did not slop
there, lie went into rhapsodies about the rights
of man, and about the privilei/e to be enjoyed of
conlVoniing witnesses and a speedy trial; but I
believe he neglected to state a part of it, because
a s;>et dy tiiaI Li by jury" is a part of it. Now,
wheie is the evidence thatTriplett was dismissed
fiom oOieo for inn [feasance ? J wdl not undertake
to say what the evidence upon that point, is, but
I undertake to say that it is the first time 1 ever
heard such an accusation against him; and if it
i*4 true, the parties interested m having that proof
made could have produced the testimony; and
whilst 1 do not pretend ;<> Know, I shall question
any .><u h MaU meat as that, until the proof is
made.
Mr. («'!lO\V. I would simply state, that gen-
tlemen may not labor under a wrong impression,
that I have been inhumed that such is the fact;
and 1 stated it here as information that I rely
upon. 1 do not slate it a«? of my own knowledge.
Mr. DllU. Tho gentleman says ho heard it. I
have no 1'i^hi to require him to say—but it is due
to the witness tosvty—fiom whom he heaid it.
Mi.UROW. That is all Ihave lo say aboutit.
Mr. ORR. I suppose so.
Mr. (*RO\V*. It is due to say that it did not j
come fiom the member from No# Yoik, [Mr. >
t«fi.i;i:uT, j as 1 suppose that is the point.
Mr. (HJ R. That is not the point.
Mr. U!U)\V. i am not bound to give my
sources of k now hid2;e.
afternoon, and gentlemen can have the opportuni-
ty to examine all the reports and all the evidence
which has been taken on both sides: and here let
me interlard that sentence with this remark, that
it is a total mistake that the committee are making
an ex parte statement of testimony. Gentlemen
will find that the implicated members came before
the committee and made statements in writing,
under oath, and examined witnesses upon every
point on which they desired to examine them.
They were not refused in a single instance, by the
committee, the privilege of examining witnesses.
I state that much to show that therp is fairness
and justness in the action of this committee. I
think we did act with extreme fairness, because,
•instead of inviting anybody implicated to come
into the committee room to lead the evidence, we
had carefully prepared copies made and delivered
to them, that they might scrutinize at leisure
every sentence of this testimony. Then we gave
them an opportunity to cross-examine all the wit-
nesses. What else could the committee have
done? We not only gave them the opportunity
to cross-examine tFm witnesses, but to bring their
witnesses before the committee, ahd have them
examined as to any matter which would explain
or exonerate them fiom the chaiges made., I do
notknow whether the charges areexplicitenough
for this 1 [ouse. The opinion of the committee ia
found in the resolutions. The reason of that opin-
ion is found in the report. When the House takes
up this question on Monday—as it may do, and I
trust it WiJ!—the membeis will have been able to
examine the report and evidence, and every point
which tins gentleman is entitled to can be made.
Now, sir, with refeience to the particular ques-
tion. Tho proposition of my colleague on the
committee, [Mr. D.w is, of Maryland,] is, a a 1 un-
derstand it, this: that the special leportotlcred by
him be teceived. I think it is characterized on
the face of it as a special report. The committee
make that special report and ask for itsreception,
for the reason that it is a report only in part with
reference to theirduties. They may, and perhaps
will, feel called upon to submitother reports. The
motion of my colleague is therefore put in this
shape so as not to preclude the committee from
oifeimg other reports.
Now, one woid on that point. I should have
been extremely gratified to have heard whatever
could be said and whatever might be said wilh
rognrd to this testimony. I would have been
glad it views eould have been presented to my
mind to have changed my impression of its char-
acter. But t do iegret that any gentleman on this
lloor should, at this stage of the session, when
wo are w ithjn a few days of its termination, inter-
pose a mere parliamentary point, which the com-
mittee, after due consideration, decided by four
to one that there was nothing in. I regret ex-
ceedingly that any gentleman should have found
it nece.ssaiy for the deiense of his friend, or to
carry out the particular views which he has m
Mi. \. I\. MARSHALL. I wish, with the :j this case, to put himself on any such ground. I
think it would have been bettei for the member,
infinitely better for his reputation, infin itcly better
for the result of this investigation, that the whole
question should have been allowed to come before
the 1 louse; and if the committee have done injus-
tice to any party, let that party rise in his seat,
and say what the injustice is. If he says th.it the
committee has excluded testimony which the
House might deem material, then let the House
recommit the report, and order the committee, or
some other committee, to take the excluded testi-
mony. Rut let the question be tried, now that
there is, in the opinion of the committee, a stain—
now that there is a b'ot on the reputation of gen-
tlemen. Let them meet the charge; and if they
are innocent, let them show that innocence to the
House. If they be guilty, let the House dis-
charge its duties by purging itself of unworthy
members.
Mr. KUNKEL. I understood the gentleman
to say, that if there be a member who imagines
that the committee, in that statement which they
have made, have excluded-evidence m behalf of
The accused, he should rise in hisrplace and say
so 
Mr. ORR. No, Mr. Speaker, this is what I
stated: i stated that I desired the report to be
received, and the report of the evidence to be
received; and if, when these reports uie printed,
any gentleman, in any way implicated, can rise
rmi.-sion of I lie gentleman fi oni fxMith Carolina,
to f-'ay a word in relation to the charge made by I
the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania against a v.it- !
ness in Uus case. That^entlemnn is a Kcntuekmn i
—a man I have known for a number of years. I
did not believe the statement at the time it was '
made, i was satisfied then that it was without
found ition, I have s>inco sought information
upon the subject, anil 1 learn that so far from tho
"ontLman ever having been dismissed from ollico
tor mi.a wsance, he never has bet n dusmisM-d from
office at Mi, but lie actually reigned the position i
oi c hi' • ( ejt r !c of {he Pension Oiece, 1 think it was, 1
mentor upon some other business. That busi-i
ness he ha < follow ed ever smce, without discredit, '
so far as I have heard.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. X hove to soy in re-;
gard to Mr. Tripiett, that I know him well. I '
ho  < prn< ticed at the bar with him foi yeui s; and
my opinion is—aside iiom tln^ transaction, about !
which I know nothing—his character can com-
paie very well with any man's upon this floor. I
Mr. ORR. So much then, .Mr. Speaker, for !
the cbaiueter oi the witness upon whose tcsti- i
mony it is said this committee have most cruelly j
brought charges against members upon this floor, j
Now, Air. Sp< aker, what the committee desire
13 this: if thu House receive this report and order
U to be printed, it will be printed and perhaps be
laid upon,the table of members by to-morrow I
