m
THE CONG RESSIONA T> GLOBE.
February 19,
a justice of peace than one of the highest
ft«H8erative assemblies of our country.
- I say, let every gentleman put the question to
"himself how he, conscious and confident of his
integrity, would act, if accused of delinquency
or of crime; and then he can docidc what position
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Gilbert]
Should Assume at the present stage of this inves-
tigation.
' 'I have no unkind feelings towards the party
implicated* by the report of this committee. I
know him well; and standing here as the friend
3fthat gentleman, I say that he ought to challenge
&n investigation—a thorough investigation; and
if the pending proceeding, as lws been alleged,
is premature, ex parte, and oppressive, I am
persuaded the House will, hereafter, take such
efficient and emphatic action as will secure to
the accused that even-handed justice which he
solicits.
' But it seems to me that the conduct of some of
my friends hero is somewhat similar to that of
the attorney who has perplexing doubts of the
innocence of his unfortunate client, arraigned
before the bar of his country. When such doubts
disturb the sensibilities of the skillful advocate,
he usually exercises his ingenuity to find relief
for injured innocence nod suilennj; vhtue in some
flaw or informality in the indictment, which may
serve a? a loop-hole to give liberty to the captive.
The advocate adapts himself in the peculiar con-
dition of his client, and hesitates to meet the
"Uncertain verdict of a jury. The conduct of some
«f our friends may appear to many as somewhat
similar to such occasional elforts by gentlemen
of our profession.
Mr. Hpeukei, it is not unusual to hear gentlo-
itten talk, as we have heard to-day, of the great
end inestimable nejht of trial by jury, of the
precious benefits of the writ of huheas corpus, and
of other privileges secured by magna c.hurla> and
of the necessity of preserving inviolate the rights i
mid privilege;} secured to all by the Constitution, j
We Uftvo nil discoursed earnestly and learnedly j
on these great tundamenfal principles before our
inferior courts when the mensmn demand* d an j
outcry against oppression and an expression of I
fidelity to first principles' It will not do, sir, to j
characterize the action of our committee as par- J
tial and oppressive. To say so, is to cast oppro- ■
brium upon men whose characters do not need '
my eulogy.
i ask, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania has
asked, who are the committee of this House?
True ami tried gentlemen; men of intelligence and
integrity. I wan absent when th«y were up- I
pointed; but { rejoiced dial t he Speaker had f hown I
Htie.h commend aide wisdom nit he selection of such j
excellent men for this great purpose. Are they !
prejudiced against jvntlemen from New York ? j
I)o*eH any one believe they are capable of par- j
tiahty and base management as members of that i
committee. To suppose that they have presented :
an improper, 01 partial and false report-, that they j
have misrepresent" d the testimony-, that they!
hftvedeprived the accused of his proper and con- '
Mutational lights, i<< to declare to ihe House, nnd ]
tft the country that they are as base and nban- !
do nod as any man charged with corruption by j
members of this House, the pies>-, or any of the j
people of this country. ! say, then, tor lb" honor i
and fair fame of the committee, we aie bound to J
entertain this report. !
Ah! fmyy one i f the gentlemen ftom IVnnsyi-
vania, [Mr. Grow,j tins is but a partial report—
it does not pretend to hi- u full repoi t. 1 b> a*ks 1
where is the evaUnce? Wo are assured bv the '
committee that the evidence is ivadv and forth- .
coming, before our decision js asked. If it be '
true, as has been asserted, that the ieport is par- ;
tlal and onesided, 1 ask will no' the indignation '
of the Cotoitiy tall in tones of thunder upon the j
men who ha\e ybnswl their turn, and wantonly '
attempted to infi'et d'fcgraee upon a meiiihcr of
this House? Such iniquity on the part of our1
committee is inconceivable. ]
All know, as I know, that if tins report is I
accepted, the testimony will follow in quick sue- i
cession. This is nut a matter to be determined 1
in a minute, or in ten minutes; and it is but cour- j
teous that we should yield to the judgment of the j
committee as to the order in which the testimony |
fih H be presented. After the report shall have j
la'etm received, if the committee fail to furnish '
the evidence upon which their judgment has been
founded, we certainly can apply some significant
and effectual -remedy for their wrong. Do you
not suppose that they will be even more anxious
to present the testimony than we are to receive
it? Their reputation as gentlemen of intelligence
and ability, and their fidelity in discharge of the
high trust committed to them, are involved in
that testimony; and he must, indeed, place a low
estimate upon their intellect who supposes that
they will be tardyin spreading before this House
the light which has illumined their minds.
All that is proposed at the present time, is to
receive the report of the committee. It is not
proposed now to act upon the resolution of ex-
pulsion. On the contrary, the committee have
informed us, again and a°;ain, that after the report
is received, a motion will be made to postpone the
furtherconsideration of the subjectuntil Monday.
Let us hear the report, and order it to be printed.
When that is done, if the committee are remiss
in presenting the evidence, we can then test the
power of this House to stimulate their activity.
1 beg gentlemen to take a position in this matter
which tiicy will be able to maintain before the
country. I am—we all are—interested m this
investigation. The House of Representatives has
been charged with corruption, and the country
abounds with suspicions of our integrity. We
have authorized an investigation, and delegated
our power to gentlemen of known and approved
integrity. They have industriously and patiently
executed their trust; and 1 am gratified to say
that they have performed a task for which they
deserve, not my poor thanks, but the gratitude
of the whole, country. Wo ought to be prepared
to investigate and discuss dispassionately the tes-
timony which they have collected, and the judg-
ment which, although it may be erroneous, they
have deliberately and honestly formed. I fee!
prepared to act as an impartial juror in the trial
of the accused, lbs relations and mine have
been fnendiy and pleasant; but my relations to
my country and my constituents are far dearer
and more intimate.
Mi.  S YGK (at il\e minutes to fom, p. m.)
moved t hat the 1 louse do now adjoin n.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. W A REMAN. I do not desiie, at thin
time, Mr. ►Speaker, to make any lengthened argu-
ment. I desire only to state my -views in rcfer-
i encc to the. position in which this matter stands
before the body. In doing so, 1 desire to divest
myself of all feeling in reference to the course
that this committee has pursued, and of the le bi-
lious which L hold to the accused. I desire to
look at it with an eye of justice to the rights of
all the parties who are interested in this investi-
gation. The House is interested m the investi-
gation. It has a right to know whether members
on this floor are honorable gentlemen or not—
whether they have a right, in justice and in truth,
to occupy seats here among those who claim to
he gentlemen, and who sustain the rights of and
represent honest constituencies.
The honor of this 1 louse requires that we shall
deal with this question justly, prudently, and
without passion. Another class of people have
a right m tins matter also. A hundred thousand
citizens of the State of New York have a right to
be heard. They have a right to expect that this
| House shall proceed according to law, according
\ to precedent, and according to the well-established
| principles of justice and parliamentary practice,
i There is another party who has a right to be
I heard here. That is the individual who is charged.
, lie also lias a right that his fair name and repu-
| tation and character shall not be blackened or
! stricken down without his having had an oppor-
j tumty to show that the charges against him are
i unfounded, and that he is not guilty. These are
| the parties who arc interested in the investigation.
| It is not for the vindication of any committee—it
| is not for the vindication of the rights of any par-
| tieular member, but in justice to ourselves, that
{ we arc bound to see that the duty which we owe
{ to all these parties is fairly and properly per-
formed.
Now, Mr. Sneaker, under this resolution—and
that is the only authority which the committee
had to proceed in this investigation—what was
the inquiry which was placed in their hands ? It
is stated in the preamble to the resolution. It is
to ascertain whether there were any corrupt com-
binations of members of this body. That is the
charge which the committee was to inquire intoj
whether there existed corrupt combinations oT
members of this House to secure or to defeat the
passage of measures? It was their duty to pro-
ceed to the investigation of that charge; and after
they had arrived at any given point where it ap-
peared that an individual was concerned in these
combinations, what was their duty in the prem-
ises? What waS"the course for them to pursue?
Why, the law which controls this body, and the
law which controlled that committee, required
them to make known that fact to this body, that
the House might take action, and either direct that
committee to proceed with the investigation, or
else bring the accuscd to answer before the bar of
the House. I know that the committee is con-
stituted of honorable men, and J, agree that they
have attempted to perform their duty; but, in
my judgment, they have misconceived what was
their duty. At that stage they had no right
whatever to gointo the investigation of the charges
against my colleague. They should have reported
the fact to this House, that in the course of the
execution of the order which had devolved upon
them, they had discovered that an individual
member of the House was inculpated; and then
this House would have given directions to this,
or to a special committee, to have proceeded with
the inquiry. But they have taken a different
course. They have seen fit to take evidence in
extenpo and parte, in reference to the case of my
colleague; and not only in reference to him, but, I
understand, in reference to others also. And
now the question comes before us on the recep-
tion of this ieport and of this testimony.
I object, Mr. Speaker, to that position of the
case, for this reason: the order requires that
this committee inquire into the existence of cor-
rupt combinations of members. They report no
corrupt combinations. No such thing is alleged
in their report. They do not report the testimony
at all. They merely report an argument of some
sixty foolscap pages. They then wind up with
a series of resolutions, one of which is for the
expulsion of my colleague. I ask what author-
ity had they to do this3 The resolution charged
them with investigation into corruptcombinations
of niembeis, and directed them to report the evi-
dence taken, and what action this House should
take. They were not called upon to make an
argument of sixty pages to spread upon your
record. They have no right to do that. They
have simply to report the action which this body
ought to take. And what is that action ? A
resolution of expulsion. And what is that? The
judgment of the committer, which they propose
to have declared as the judgment of this House.
Now, I submit, Mr. Speaker, that at this stage
it is utterly impossible to go on with this case
cither way as it now stands. When the question
comes up, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania
stated, what course will the House be called
upon to puisue ? Why, they say you are to go
into a trial. Are you going to have a trial before
the bar of the House ? Certainly not. Such a state
of things is entirely impracticable at this stage of
the session. You will have to send it back either
to this committee, or to some other committee,
directing them to confront the accused with the
witnesses, and give the accused the opportunity
of having counsel and of being present at the
trial. If you fail to do that, gentlemen say you
are to vote on the evidence as it is presented.
That is the position. If you adopt this commit-
tee's report, then you expel the member from
this House and execute the committee's judg-
ment without ever having given him a fair trial,
withouthavingconfronted him with the witnesses
who have been brought against him, or without
having given him the opportunity to employ
counsel.
I submit that we should start right with this
matter. If we let this report go over and make
it the special order for a week, the question then
will come up on the adoption of this report.
When you vote on that report now, you vote for
or against it. If you vote for it, you, in my
opinion, unjustly condemn the individual. You
do him a gross wrong. You violate the duty we
owe to ourselves, and to the one hundred thou-
sand citizens whom the accused member rep-
resents upon this floor. You cannot votq for
the resolution in the position in which it is now
