1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
presented. I submit that to the gentleman fi^jm
Ohio, [Mr. Galloway.] The gentleman from
jjew York has never been confronted with the
witnesses, and has never had the benefit of coun-
sel. Are gentlemen willing to execute judgment
upon my colleague when he has had no fair trial ?
Gentlemen cannot vote "ay" or "no" as this
question is nbw. Can the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Allison] vote " ay" upon the case
as it now stands? How will he vote? He must
vot® " no," and that will learve.my colleague hung
up between heaven and earth without trial. That
will not do. The committee has placed us in this
position. You cannot proceed to execute judg-
ment now.
J think this House ought to give my colleague
J opportunity, to confront these witnesses in
their examination in chief, with the benefit of
counsel. Let the committee try him fairly, orlet
him be tried at the bar of the House. When we
have done so we can then execute the judgment
of the House. But da not let us determine the
matter at this time. I do not care what this re-
port may be, we cannot vote in the affirmative.
There must be a fair and proper trial before j udg-
mentcan be executed. To postpone this case for
a week would only delay the matter. It would
defer the time when we are to have a proper case
before us, and when we are to have the proper
evidence before us.
Mr. CADWALADER. Mr. Speaker, as thfs
ia a mere preliminary point, I rise to make a mo-,
tion to expedite business. It is ray purpose to
call for the previous question, and in doing so I
desire it to be understood that I will withdraw the
call at the request of one member of this House,
and one member only—the member from New
York, [Mr. Gilbert,] who is particularly in-
volved in this investigation.
A Member. He is sick.
Mr. CADWALADER. He is present.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask the gentle-
man to allow me to modify my motion in such
man«Sr as I think will meet with general concur-
rence, and avoid the difficulties on {his side of the
House chiefly.
The SPEAKER. The modification can be
made if there is no objection.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. There are now in
the House, in the hands of various members of
the committee, three special reports similar to the
cms now before the House, referring to the testi-
mony in general; and there is a general final report
in the hands of the chairman of the committee,
with the testimony as it was taken, word for
word, question and answer; and I ask the leave
of the House that all these reports be submit-
ted, and that there be a general order that they
be printed.
Mr. RITCHIE. There is a short minority re-
port by the chairman of the committee, which he
desires to have printed. I hope the gentleman will
include that in his motion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Yes, sir; I include
that report. *
Mr. BENNETT, of New Y ork. I am requested
to state by the gentleman from New York LMr.
Gilbert] that he desires this evidence to be print-
ed. [Cries of " Good !"]
Mr. WAKEMAN. Does this order to print
embrace the argument of the committee ?
The SPEAKER. It includes the report pre-
sented by the gentleman from Maryland.
There was 110 objection to the modification as
proposed.
Mr. CADWALADER. I now move the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. CUM BACK. The motion embraces all
the reports—the majority and minority reports ?
• The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. H. MARSHALL demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN (at four o'clock and thirteen
minutes) moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER stated that the question was
on the reception of the report which had been
fead as a report ill part from the committee, and
other reports; and that they be ordered to be
P^'ted with 'the accompanying evidenfee.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative — yeas 169, nays 5; as fol-
lows:
YEAS — Messrs. Akers, Albright, AHen, Allison, Bar-
bour, Barlisdale, Hendiey S. Bennett, Benson, Bingham,
Bishop, Bliss, Bocoek, Bowie, Boyce, Brancb, Brenton,
Broom, Buffinton, Burlingame, Burnett,Cadwalader, John
P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Carlile, Caruthers,
Caskie, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Clingman, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Colfax, Comins, Cox, Cragin, Craige, Crawford,
CuIIen, Cumback, Damrell, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis,
Timothy Davus, Dean, Denver, Dickson, Dodd, Dowdell,
Dunn, Durfec, Edmundson, Edwards, Elliott, Emrie,
Faulkner, Flagler, Florence, Foster, Henry M. Fuller,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Garnett, Goode, Granger,
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J.
Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L Harris,
Harrison, Haven, Herbert, Hodges, Hoffman, Thomas R.
Hoiton, Valentine B. Horton, Houston, Howard, Hugh-
ston, Jewett, George W. Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kelsey, Kid-
well, King, Knapr>, Knight, Knox, Kunkel, Lake, Leiter,
Letclier, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel S.
Marshall, Maxwell, MeCarty, McMullin, McUueen, Smith
Miller, Millson, Millward, Moore, Morgan, Morrill,-Mor-
rison, Noi ton, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Packer, Parker, Pearce,
Peck, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Powell, Prtngle, Puryear,
Quitman, Rcade, Iteadv, Ricaud,.Ritchie, RoberN, Rulfm,
Page, Sandidge, Sapp, "Savage, Scott, Seward, Sherman,
Shorter, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Wil-
s ham R. Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stanton, Stewart, Stian-
| ahan, Talbott, Tappan, Taylor, Thonngton, Thurston,
1 Todd, Underwood, Valk, Wakeman, Waldron, Walker,
Warner, CadwaladerC.Washburne, Ellihu B.Washburne,
Watkinp, Whitney, Winslow, Wood, Woodruff, Wood-
worth, Daniel B. Wright, John V.Wright, and Zollicoffer—
169.
NAYS — Meters. Hemy Bennett, Billinghurst, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Waibridge, and Watson—5.
So the motion was agreed to.
Pending the above call,
Messrs. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania, and
PURVI ANCE, stated that if they had been pres-
ent when their names were called, they would
have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, moved to recon-
sider the vote just taken, and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move, by direc-
tion of the committee, that the further considera-
tion of the reports be postponed until Monday
.next.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I aslj; the gentle-
man to modify his proposition so as to assign
Wednesday next, mj- purpose being to enable
the House to get the appropriation bills before
the Senate, in order that'the Senate may be acting
on those bills while the House is engaged in this
examination. I warn the gentleman from Mary-
land and the House, that, in my judgment, if this
question of privilege is made to take precedence
on Monday next, the appropriation bills must
necessarily fall.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I accept the mod-
ification .
The motion as modified was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I wish to suggest that there
should be three copies printed for each member.
Mr. OUR. We will have extra copies printed.
compensation to clerk of special com-
^ mittee.
Mr. KELSEY. I am instructed by the special
committee to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Cleik be directed to pay to Francis
H. Smith $630, for his sen iee> clerk lo <hc select com-
mittee appointed on the 9th or'January, 1857. and for re-
porting the testimony taken by said committee.
The resolution was agreed to.
extra copies of the reports.
Mr. FLORENCE moved that fifty thousand
extra copies of the reports and evidence be printed
for the use of the House*
The motion was referred, under the rule, to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. ORR. I would suggest that, if the Com-
mittee on Printing concur in recommending that
any extra copies be printed, the reports and testi-
mony should all be printed together, so that no
injustice may be done. *
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act relating to foreign
coins, and to the coinage of cents at the Mint of
the United States; when the Speaker Signed the
same.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am anxious to
get the tariff bill—the special order—out df this
Committee of the Whole on the state ot the Fifibft
and before the House, in order that we mAy
a vote upon the conflicting propositions iti:re^w
to the tariff. Ithink we maygetit into the House
this evening, and take the vote upon it to-morro^
With that view, I submit the motion that
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the stat#
of the Union. But, previous to taking a Tottf
upon that motion, I ask that various commuriiea^
tions from the Departments, addressed to the
mittee of Ways and Means, be referred- to that
committee, and ordered to be printed.
It was so ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL, ofOhio. I now submit my
motion.
Mr. SEWARD moved (at four o'clock and
thirty minutes) that the House adjourn.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered. *
Mr. WINSLOW called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Woodruff
and cullen were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-^-
ayes 69, noes 49. 1 *
So the motion was agreed to; and the Hoqftfc
thereupon (at fouro'clock and thirty-five minutes)
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 20, 1857.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before thp
Senate a letter of the Commissioner of Patents,
communicating, agreeably to law, the portion of
his annual report which relates to agriculture.
On motion of Mr. Johnson, the report was
ordered to be printed; and the question of print-
ing extra numbers was referred to the Committee
on Printing. , . ^ _
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, also laid befor-e
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the In-
terior, communicating, in compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate, information in relation to
the expediency of transferring the surveyor gen-
eral 's office at Dubuque to some point higher t|f*
on the Mississippi river, and more central to thg
unsurveyed portions of the district; which, on
motion of Mr. Stuart, was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate a report of the Postmaster General,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate, in
relation to the transmission through the mail and
the delivery to the parties to whom they are di-
rected, of the public Acumen ts, printed by order
of either House of Congress, and franked by
Senatois or members of the House of Represent-
atives; which, on motion of Mr. Rusk, was or-
dered to lie on the table, and be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, also laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of War,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, a copy of the report of Lieutenant
Colonel Cooke, of the part taken by his command
in the action at Blue Water, Nebraska Territory,
with the Sioux Indians, September 3,1855; which,
on motion of Mr. Wjblljbr, was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
house resolution referred.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives (No. 36) for the relief of W. W. Wltir
mer, late postmaster at West Zanesville;, Ohio?
read twice by its title, and referred to the Co&x-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS,
Mr. BIGLER presented resolutions of the le-
gislature of Pennsylvania against the reduction
or abrogation of the duties on railroad iron; which
were read, and ordered to lie on the table, and be'
printed.
He also presented the petition of tobacconists'
residing in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, praying
that the duty on tobacco may be abolished,' ana
the duty on cigars increased; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr, HARLAN presented resolutions of the
