TT4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
Cterferal Assembly of Iowa, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a custom-house and marine hospital
at Keokuk, in that State; which were referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a resolution of the General
Assembly of Iowa, in favor of making compen-
sation to the widow and heirs of Richard Chancy,
lands granted by act of Congress to the town
of Fort Madison, upon which he had settled, and
to which'he claimed the right of preemption;
- which were referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
He also presented a resolution of the General
Assembly of Iowa, in favor of additional mail
facilities between Mount Vernon and Oskaloosa,
in that State; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a resolution of the General
Assembly of Iowa, in favor of additional mail
facilities between Leon, in that State, and Ne-
braska City, in the Territory of Nebraska; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post OiKce
and Post Roads.
He also presented a resolution of the General
Assembly of Iowa, in faven of additional mail
facilities between Marengo and Iowa Falls, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a resolution of the General
Assembly of Iowa, in favor of additional mail
facilities between Oskaloosa and Wintersett, and
between Newton and Chariton, in that State;
which wan referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post lloads.
Mr. CASS presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Michigan, instructing the Senators and
requesting the Representatives of that Statu in
-Congress to use their exeitions to procuie the
enactment of a law declaring the code of laws
enacted by the Legislature of Kansas null and
void; which were ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
Mr. WELLER presented the pennon of John
G. Parker, tor compensation for transporting the
mails between the seveial pom Is of set dement on
Puget Sound, m the years !8f>f>.uid JS56; which
was referred to the Committee on tin: Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a petition of citizens
of Arkansas, for the establishment of amai! route
from Waldron to Slasson's Mil!, in that State;
which waa referred to the Committer on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Ho also presented a petition' of citizens of Ark-
ansas, for the establishment of a mail loute fiom
Little Rock, hi that State, to Puis, in Texas;
which was icferred to the Committee on the Post
Oilice and Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMJMiTTt-MIS.
t Mr. JOHNSON, from tlju; Comnuitee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the lull (II. R. j
No. 644) to create the ollice of surveyor general
of public lands m Minnesota Territory, reported
it without amendment.
Pie a)so, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Theresa Dardenne,
submitted a report, accompanied by a hill (S. No.
615) for the relief of Tl teresa Dardenne, widow
of Abraham Dardenne, deceased, and their chil-
dren; ^hich was read, and passed to a second read-
ing; and the report was ordered to bo printed.
Mr. BR0DHEA1), from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(S. R. No, 4H) to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to audit and settle the account's of the
contractor for the erection of the United States
marine hospital at San Francisco, California,
reported it without amendment, and submitted a
report on the subject; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of F. A\ Underwood and II. A. Crane, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 606) to
provide for the final settlement of the land claim
of the heirs of John Underwood, of Florida.
The bill was read, and passed to a second reading,
and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the hill (CI. R. No. 778)
for the relief of Joseph Bailey, an invalid soldier
o£the war of 1812, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 603) to authorize the purchase of cer-
tain lands belonging to Fiancis Gardere, reported
it without amendment, and submitted a leport;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred a bill reported to the Sen-
ate from the Court of Claims, the 17th of Feb-
ruary, for the relief of George Ashley, adminis-
trator of Samuel Holgate, deceased, with the
opinion of the court in the case, reported the bill
(S. No. 613) without amendment; which was
read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DODGE, from the Qommittce on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the petition of
George W. Fletcher,consul at Aspm wail, praying
for an increase of salary, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Pie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Atkins Eklndge,
praying for fishing bounty, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, fiom the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution of the Legislature of
Iowa, in relation to a custom-house and marine
hospital at Keokuk,submitted on adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
JANE SMITH AND LUCINDA ROBINSON.
Mr. WADE. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the decision of the Court of
Claims in the case of Jane Smith, have had it
under consideration, and recommend the passage
of the bill reported by the court. 1 ask that the
bill be considered now. It has bad the sanction
of the Committee on Claims, and also the unan-
imous sanction of the court.
There being no objection, the lull (S No. 612)
for the relief of .lane Smit h, of the county of Cler-
mont, State of Ohio, was read twice by its title,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Jane Smith, the \\ tdow of John Smith*,
a soldier of the army of the Revolution, the sum
of $31f3 84, bein  lor the arrears of la r pension
from the 4th of March, I WIS, to the 5th of Feb-
ruary, 1853, to which she is entitled under tho
second section of the net of Februaiy 3, 1853,
entitled '* An net to continue half pay to certain
widows and orphans."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordeied to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WADE. I have another bill from the
Court of Claims of the same import exactly, and
I ask tin; same course in legard to it.
There l>eui  no objection, the bill (S. No. 614)
for the relief of Luanda Robinson, of tho county
of Orleans, and State of Vermont, was t ead twice
by its title, and consideied as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes todnoe.f the Seeie'ary of the
Treasury to pay to Luanda Robinson, widow of
Kber Robinson, an officer in the army of the Rev-
olution, the sum of $1,671 67 for the ai rears of
her pension, at the rate of §3-10 per annum, from
the 4th of March, 1848, to the 3d of February,
1853, to which she is entitled under the second
section of the act, of February 3, 1853.
Mr. STUART, if the bill which we have just
passed is of the same character as this, and is on
the same principle of allowance as this, [ should
like to know it.
Mi. WADE. They are the same. They are
cases-arising upon the*construction of the law of
1853.
Mr. STUART. Then I move the reconsider-
ation of the other bill, and my object I will state.
I think the construction ofthar law should receive
the attention of both Houses of Congress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to reconsider will be received. Does the Senator
desire it to be acted on now?
Mr. STUART. No, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
entered.
Mr. BRODHEAD, I ask for the printing of
the reportjand the opinion of the court m both
cases.
The motion was agreed to. The bill for the
relief of Lucinda Robinson was postponed until
to-morrow.
PORTS OF DELIVERY IN IOWA.
Mr. DODGE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom were referred res-
olutions of the Legislature of Iowa relative to
the establishment of ports of delivery at Council
Bluffs and Sioux City, to report a bill in each
case.
The bill (S. No. 610) to establish a port of de-
livery at Sioux City, in the State of Iowa, was
read a first time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. DODGE. I ask that the bill be read a
second time, and be passed now. I will state
that the Secretary of the Treasury has made a
favorable report as to both of these points.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee $£
the Whole. It was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
tliiid reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DODGE. I also report a bill to establish
a port of delivery at Council Bluffs. The letter
of the Secretary of the Treasury, approving of
these points as ports of delivery, can be read if
desired
Mr. STUART. It is not ncccssary.
The bill (S. No. 611) to establish a port of
delivery at Council Blurts, in the State of Iowa,
was read twice by its title, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
glossed for a thud reading, read the third time,
and passed.
ENROLLED BILLS STONED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills:
An act relating to foreign coins and to the coin-
age of cents at the Mintof the United States; and
An act for the relief of the heirs of the late Col-
onel John Hardin.
SENATOR FROM INDIANA.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to present copies
of the journals of the Legislature of Indiana, and
of the so-called convention of the Legislature of
that State, relative to the election of the Senator
whose right to a seat is contested. Tho papers
are somewhat voluminous, and I have a short
abstract of the substance of them. I will not
detain the Senate in stating it, but will hand it
to the leporter. These papeis I believe contain
all the action of the supposed joint meeting of
the Legislature of that State and of the State
Senate in regard to this matter. Among them is
a paper signed by twenty-seven of the fifty Sen-
ators, declaring that they had nothing to do with
the election of the Senator. 1 ask that the pa-
pers be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary;
and if there be no objection, instead of detaining
the Senate with reading an abstract of the papers,
[ will hand it to the reporter.
Mi. STUART, and others. .Agreed.
The papers were referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. FITCH rose, Jit a subsequent part of the
day, atter the transaction of executive business,
when the Senate was about to adjourn, and said:
This morning a Senator from Illinois [Mi\Trum-
bcli.] presented a mass of papers, which he
alleged were from Indiana, and relative to a late
election in that State for United States Senators.
He accompanied them with a paper of his own,
purporting to be an abstract of the contents of
the other papers. It was not my intention to
make any remarks, or call the attention of the
Senate to the subject of that election, beyond what
had been done by the ex part?* and in many
respects erroneous, statements which came from
the Senator from Illinois, and several of his polit-
ical associates, during the discussion of the ques-
tion of my admission, until the case was regularly
presented here by the committee to which it was
appropriately referred. But the Senator from
Illinois, m pursuance, as it would appear, of a
determination to have the case prejudged upon
his statements, without reference to its merits,
gave notice this morning that his abstract would
be printed. I had before, from necessity, (not
then being a member of the Senate,) permitted
his view of the matter to go before the public un-
contradicted, bat. am not disposed any longer to
yield him an advantage of which he is so willing
to avail himself. I accordingly addressed him a
note, asking him to withhold the printing of his
