1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tff
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
J. HOSFORl) SMITH.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
Uo. 448) reported from the Committee on Com-
• merce by Mr. Seivard,. for the relief of J. Hos-
. ford Smith, which provides for paying him §1,500
for his services from July 1,1853, toJulyl, 1854,
in addition to his salary as consul at Beirut.
Mr FITZPATRICK. Let the bill lie over.
The bill was passed over informally.
DR. JAMES MORROW.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 449) reported from the Committee on Foreign
Relations for the relief of Dr. James Morrow.
Mr. WELLER. The House bill for that pur-
' pose passed the other day, and I therefore move
to postpone this bill indefinitely.
The motion was agreed to.
H. AND F. W. MEYER. ^
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 452) reported from the Court of Claims for
the relief of Henry and Frederick "W. Meyer,
merchants of the city of New York. It is a di-
rection to the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
Henry and Frederick W. Meyer, merchants of
the city of New York, $187 60, in full for excess
« of duties paid by them on importations of ammo-
nia made by them into the port of New York, in
the years 1850, 1852, and 1857.
Mr. PUGH. I understand the Committee on
Claims in the House of Representatives has re-
ported adversely to this bill, and a number of bills
of the same character; and I therefore object to
the consideration of this bill. It involves a very
important principle.
The bill was passed over informally.
JAMES BEATTY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 453) from the Court of Claims for the relief of
James Beatty's personal representative.
Mr. PUGH. I make the same objection to that
bill. It involves the same principle.
The bill was passed over informally.
JOHN ROGERS.
The bill (S. No. 36C) reported from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs for the relief of John
Rogers, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to require the. proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to reexamine the accounta
of John Rogers, late of Fort Smith, Arkansas,
and to pay him such sum as may be found justly
due him for storage of pork, salt, and other arti-
cles belonging to the United States, in the year
1837.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
RHODES AND AUSTILL.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 457) from the Court of Claims for the relief
of Thomas Rhodes and Jeremiah Austin. It
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Thomas Rhodes aud Jeremiah Austill
#4,000 in full for their expenses in constructing
a road from Mobile, in Alabama, to Pascagoula
bay, for the transportation of the mail, in the
year 1828.
Mr. ALLEN. I object to that bill for the
present. I should like to have the report read,
but I perceive it is very long.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be laid aside.
_ Mr. ALLEN afterwards said: I objected some
time since to the bill (S. No. 457) for the relief
of Thomas Rhodes and Jeremiah Austill. On
information obtained from several Senators, I
" withdraw that objection, and I ask that the bill
be now taken up and acted on.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By general
consent of the Senate it will be taken up.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK. The bill was reported
from the Court of Claims, which fully examined
the case.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill.
This claim arises under a contract for trans-
porting the mail between Mobile and Pascagoula.
The petitioners having proposed to carry the
mail for $14,000 per annum, provided $4,000 were
added for the first year to enable the contractors
to construct a piece of road. The proposal was
accepted, without any remark relative to the con-
struction of the road. Tlie contractors went on
and constructed the road—which proved to be
of great public utility—but no pay was allowed
them for it. The Court of Claims have decided
that they are entitled to the amount for which
they proposed t<^perform the work.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
COLONEL ISAAC SHELBY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 458) providing payment for the revolu-
tionary services of Isaac Shelby.
Mr. SLIDELL. Let that bill be passed over.
The bill was passed over informally.
MRS. MINERVA CATLETT.
The next bill on the Calendar was-the bill (S.
No. 488) for the relief of Minerva Catlett, widow
of the late Dr. Hanson Catlett, surgeon in the
United States Army, which was read the second
time. It is a direction to the Secretary of the
Interior to place the name of Minerva Catlett, of j
the State of Iowa, on the pension roll, at the rate 1
of $37 50 per month, from the 11th of January, I
1854. :
Mr. HALE. Read the report. |
The Secretary read the following report made j
by Mr. Jones, of Iowa, on the oth of January 1
last: j
Tile Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred the i
petition of Mis. Minerva C.uleH, widow of the late Dr.
Hanson Catletl, of the United r- u te- Army, playing a pen- |
siou be granted her, bog leave to leport:
That it appears, by testimony of Ann F. Hampton, that
said Minerva Oailett is the widow of Ih. Han-son Callet!, ■
late a surgeon m the United States Ai mv, and that raid .
Minerva stiil lcmams a widow. The petitioner claims a ;
pension for the reason that lier hu-band, Dr. Ilan^on Cat- :
lett, died of a disease contraeied in the military servile of '
the United States, and in the line ofliis duty, iiy an official j
statement of the Adjutant Genera! of the United States I
Army, it appears that Dr. Hanson Catlett was appointed <
surgeon's mate March 27, 183-i, and resigned November j
following—wasappointed suijteon'smateiii the lstintantry J
February 18, 181*3, and appointed surgeon September 0, I
1814, and disbanded in June, IS!.",; appointed post surgeon >
May 3, 1816, to rank from February 18, 1813, was retained :
at the reduction of the Army m May, 1821, and died Octo- j
ber21, 18-34. Upon an examination of tlie testimony pre- i
sented to the committee, it is considered a meritorious ;
claim. Yourcommitteetlieicfore report the accompanying
bill.
Mr. HALE. Let that bill lie over.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish merely to state one
fact. Since this subject has been pending before
the Senate, the petitioner has died; and I ask,
therefore, that the petition and papers, with the
bill, may be recommitted to the Committee on Pen-
sions, for the purpose of making inquiry whether
her heirs-at-law should receive this money.
The motion to recommit was agreed to.
EI.IAS HALL.
The bill (S. No. 483) reported by the Commit-
tee on Claims for the reliefof Ebas Hall, of Rut- j
land, Vermont, was read the. second time.
It, proposes to direct the Secretary of War to .
cause to be paid to Elias Hall §357, in full for ;
the balance due him for his services as superin-
tendent of repairs of small arms, and for subsist- ;
ence, expenses, and losses, while engaged m the i
service of the United States, during the last war
with Great Britain. !
Mr. ERODHEAD. Since this bill was re-
ported I have received a communication from the
Treasury Department upon the subject, which j
renders it necessary that the case should be re-
examined. I therefore move to recommit the bill
to the Committee on Claims. j
The motion was agreed to. I
JAMES D. JOHNSTON. !
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S. j
No. 496) reported from the Committee on Naval 1
Affairs, for the relief of James D.Johnston: which
was read a Second time, and considered as in Com- '
mittee of the Whole.
It provides that James D. Johnston, a licuten- 1
ant in the Navy of the United States, shall be 1
entitled to a credit, in the settlement at the Treas-
ury of his accounts as naval storekeeper and act- '
ing purser of the storeship Fredonia, stationed in :
the harbor of Valparaiso, Chile,"during the years
1853, 1854, and 1855, of the sum of $2,043 80.
This allowance is to be in full for losses of pub-
lic property stolen or embezzled from the vessel
during the time he was in command of her.
Mr. CLAY. I ask for the reading of the
report. %
Mr. FISH. The report in this case is a lengthy
one; and I think I can briefly state to the Senator
and satisfy him as to the principal facts. Mr.
Johnston was in command of the storeship Fre-
donia at Valparaiso. When ordered there he
found a man in charge who had been in the em-
ploy of his predecessor as purser's steward, and
on the recommendation of those who knew him,
and from the necessity of the case to some extent,
he employed the same man. He represented on
different occasions to the Department the insuffi-
ciency of the force allowed him to protect the pub-
lic property. He asked for an additional officer,
and also for a guard of marines. They were not
allowed him. With a]l the possible vigilance
which he couid exercise it appers it was impos-
sible for him to prevent depredations. A com-
bination was made, as the testimony shows, be-
tween a man named Hayes and possibly some of
the men on board, by which small depredations
were constantlycarried on. The testimony shows
thatthis man would fill his pockets with small arti-
cles of baggage, and being entitled to go ashore,
would carry them ashore and not bring the'm back.
He had access to the stores. Mr. Johnston ex-
ercised, as the committee have been perfectly sat-
isfied, (and they investigated it for a long time,
and at first were indisposed to report in his favor,)
all the care he possibly could m protecting the
public property; but these depredations were car-
ried on. When he was about taking an account
of stock, an inventory of the stores on board, this
Hayes suddenly disappeared.
Mr. CLAY. I am satisfied.
Mr. WELLER, It is better than the average
of cases.
Mr. FISH. A great deal better.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ALEXANDER J. ATOCHA.
The next bill on the Calendar was the biII'j[S.
No. 504) reported from the Committee on Foreign
Relations for the relief of Alexander J. Atocha,
which was read a second time. It proposes to di-
rect the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
to examine into the claims of Alexander J. Ato-
cha against the Government of Mexico, for losses
sustained by him by reason of his expulsion from
that republic in 1S45, and pay the loss or damage
so ascertained. It isv however, provided that the
amount so to be paid shall in no event exceed the
balance of the three and a quarter millions of dol-
lars provided bv the fifteenth article of the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo for the payment of claims
of citizens of the United States against the Gov-
ernment of Mexico, which still remains unapplied
to that object.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have no disposition to dis-
cuss this bill. I am very willing that it shall
pass in an amended form. I am not disposed to
allow any single officet of the Government to allow
$250,000 in payment of a claim like this. If my
colleague, who hascharge of tlie bill in the absence
of the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Pratt,] who
reported it is willing- to refer it to the accounting
officers to be repoited by them to Congress, I
shall assent to it; but 1 am notdtsposed to confer
so great a power on any individual officer of the
Government.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If my colleague is willing
to allow the bill to pass, he may add any officer
he pleases to investigate the case.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 prefer to have theaction of
Congress on it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. We might as well have
the action now as two years hence. •
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Chair
understand the Senator from Louisiana as object-
ing to the consideration of the bill;
'Mr. SLIDELL. I do, unless that amendment
be made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be passed over.
Mr. CASS, (to Mr. Benjamin.) You had bet-
ter accept the amendment.
