782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
him whilerecting as messenger in the Quartermas-
ter General's office,from December, 1839, toMay,
1846.
The claim is for extra services as messenger
rendered in the Quartermaster General's office,
War Department, at nights and on Sundays after
the closing of the public offices, from 1st De-
cember, 1839, to 1st July, 1846, six years and
five months, at fifteen dollars per month, $1,155.
The Quartermaster General states that in con-
sequence of the pressure of business in the office,
arising out of the Indian hostilities in Florida,
he was obliged to remain in the office almost
every afternoon, and often until late at night, and
often a portion, and sometimes the whole of Sun-
days; and that Mr. Phelps was obliged to remain
ana close the office. General Jesup adds: " The
sum he asks is small cotnpaied with the amount
©f extra labor he has performed; he has fairly
and honestly earned it."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ADAM D. STEUART.
The bill (S. No. 529) reported from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs explanatory of an net
approved August 18, 1356, entitled " An act for
the relief of Adam D. Steuart and Alexander
Randall, executor of Daniel Randall," was read
the second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole, ft proposes so (o construe the act
of August 18, 1856, as to direct the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Adam D. Steuart a
commission, at the rate stated in that act, upon
$678,404 91, the amount received and collected
by him in Mexico, as chief of the pay department
of the United States army during the war with
that Republic.
The word "received" was omitted to be in-
BerteU after w collected" in the former act, and for
this reason a large portion of Mr. Stewart's ac-
count* have been suspended at the Department.
The lull was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third tune, and passed.
lUKAM PAULIHNC.
The bill (S. No. 5^4) reported Horn the Com-
mittee on Njual Affairs for the relief of Ihram
Paulding, was read a second tune, and consid-
ered ah in Committee of the Whole. Ir proposes
to direct the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury to audit the accounts of Ihrain Pauld-
ing, a captain of i he United Slates Na\ y, and pay
lus expenditures in the entertainment of the for-
eign officers and people who visited the frigate
8t. Ijawrenee, undei his <onnnand, at South-
ampton, not exe'eding nnd also
for entertaining the oftieer.s of the (Jovei union is of
Brcmerhaven and Stockholm, in the yeais l^iS,
1849, and 1850.
Mr. FISH. This i& the bill which 1 endeav-
ored a few days since to call up, but it was ob-
jected to by the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Smdkll.1 His objection, as 1 understand, is con-
fined to tin* appropriation for the expenditure at
Southampton, The other appropriation is en-
tirely in accordance with the settled principles of
the Government in such eases, as manifested by
divers precedents. In order to allow the bill to
pass, but without waiving any right of Captain
Paulding to claim this other sum,! move tostrike
out that portion of the bill which appropriates
for the expenditures at Southampton. That will
confine it to an appropriation for entertaining the
Sovereign Powers at Bremerhavenand Stoekhoim.
The amendment was agox-d i<>. The bill was
rrpoi lev] to the Senate unamended,and tin amend-
ment was concurred in. The hill was oHered to
be engrossed for a third reading, was read the
third tune, and passed. ,
& THOMAS AP CATJ3SBY JONES;.
The iifxt Senate- hili'on the Private Calendar
was the biJWS. No. .V25) reported from the (V-m- '■
mittce on jNuval >\flairs for-the relief of Captain i
Thomas Ap Oate.sby Jones. It provides for pay- '
mg to Captain Thomas Ap Catesbv Jones, of the !
United Slav's Navy, tilpay of which ne was-de- \
pnved by the decision of a court- martial in 1851, 1
with a pro\k<o that this act is not to be cons-tiu^d I
as an expression of opinion upon the organization, j
conduct, or decision of the court. j
Mr. STUART, It uriJI be recollected that this !
V ...
bill elicited much discussion when it was consid-
ered at the last Congress, and will again before it
can be passed. I suppose, therefore, it will be
necessary to lay it over. 1 do not wish myself to
hinder the action of the Senate on the bill, but I
deem it proper to state my views on it, and I sup-
pose I cannot do that under the present order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does the Senator from
Michigan intend to debate it himself?
Mr. STUART. I do/
The bill was passed over.
COMMANDER TPIOMAS J. PAGE.
The bill (S. No. 526) reported from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs for the relief of Com-
mander Thomas J. Page, was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Its object is to allow to Commander Page, in the
adjustment of his accounts as purser of the United
States steamer Water Witch, crcdit for certain
suspended items of his accounts, not to exceed
#334 4<>.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to hear the report
in lus case.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think I can save the neces-
sity of reading the report. Commander Page
petitions Congress for an allowance of extra com-
pensation for having discharged the duties of
purser while in command of a vessel. The Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs has reported against his
claim for extra compensation, and this bill pro-
vides fur the payment of some seventy dollars for
stationery and other expenses.
Ml. STUART. This is for §300. Theie is
another bill on the Calendar for the same man.
It would be better, perhaps, to put them together.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by Mr. Mai.lory on the 27 th of January:
The petitioner, «i lieutenant in the United States Navy,
under the ordei ot the Secretary of the Navy, took com-
mand of the .^ennu'r W.itei Wneh durnisr her Into chum;
of three je,us and live month*, in the u oxplonuiou ami
srnivey of tin; nver La Plata and its tnlmtuiicv.
in luldttum I<• the dini'^ol <-oinm.nnkr of the *-hiji, he
was oniered to pet lot in tho e o'" jwrs-er, though he expre-^iv
ieijlje-.|ed to he i,'h<'Ved fiom litem lieratl-e of In-: want <>l
i.nniluiuv with them, ami wnh aeeoin:l< I'eneialh. lie
wa-s nn( rvi'ii .tlluwrd .t cfi-j\ by the Dep.n niienf. The
ewent ofeouni'} to he e\ph>!e,|, hotii In hind and water,
nece^v.ti ilv m \ olved at vai ion • tinier, not only a -epruanoii
i >1 poi lion- of tin' oilieei dtut •  -ilnpN < mupan \ " lioni the
ve,--el, hut alM> made it in ee-. ,ny thai lite petition'1) hun-
<elf should lie absent lot |V) hxN of horn one to *i\ months.
It will he [ieteeive<l ill.it, had he tetn.lined oa hoaid to
attend tn p-T^oa to the dime-, i.f pm ,t<t he eould not have
propeilv dt-ehai^i'tt. uiidci in-, instructions tlic moie in\-
poitant dnne- ot tlie e\pi'd;tion. and that in obeying these
Hi' lnii'ti .in0, he wo- neee--atiJy <'oni|jelled to inliu-J to
otliet not only the eonna tnd of Hie ve—e|, hut thcdi-eh.uge
ol the jini-et', <lu,ie-> .ii-o
1'iotit (h« divei a tied «')i,na< tr t of the dnl tes tints devolved
upon lnin.it nerc-:-aij|y followed that Ihe neeounl- len
di iI'd wete vei\ mnrn'ioiH. ? • r\\ trh Mainline tin-, iheie
not i lie e xpi'inlnini' ot tin* smallest a mount or money which
Kn not hi'i'i! hill} accounted tor. noi a htll foundered
whteh has not Ix-en ieeo-ite/.ed made undn fhcaiuhonty
ot ht^ uisiiuetions
Tih h> - -i - itu in i ed, and ioi ivbu h he t  hehl le-pottMhle,
arise (mmn p,i\ jnenj.s made to ^.ulo: s who de-.ei ted num the
vc-M'l in dehr to the tJov.'itun. nt, troni einns made by the
pun-ei-stevvanl (on whom he was compelled L"eatlv to
iclv) in the eiiiiMilanon ot the .sailor-" teuns ofs«>tvtee;
fiotn eitoi< in ,i Inli ot exehamje ; from enors made hy the
steward in the calculation-. £c<-. Dunn*,' the tlnee vears
and five month - tin potitionm <h-inti-.e(l HI 12,000 in niunej,
and about $!U.U)>J in piovi-ioi)< ami (lothunr.
Tlh' whole lue- been fait hi tt>! v accounted loi. The money
(yr which he is held ic.-pon- il.ie w,t-i noi >pent cotitiaiy to
law, iml ihronjih ninoiatuM^ m part, ot iognlaiiotuj with
which he eouhi not have been Mipposed to he familiar,
inasmuch ;i- tliej did not relate to Ins duties proper, and
lie knew nothing of then r\i-tcnee. and, in pait, thiough
eui'r< ot the Mew aid. ui w horn, as above stated, he was
neve.si.ui i!v ohli^td to eorOcle much in the calculation of
account ilv The .statement" of tlm petituuier aie rnlly
siihtained h\ ln< oath, and aho hy the ccrtiileate of Lieu-
tenant William N Jetlei-, one of the ollicet.-on <au\ expo-
union The jtf'tit. dr^ailowcil amount to -l!>; and,
unc'r the eircmn fince-i of the ea^c. yonr eonnmttee are
-.atiMseu tii.it (N'inunnitler I'a^e acted faithfully and with
ins l)e-t ;ibihlies foi the piihhe mt"re-?t. ami -sliould have
those en'd;t-! allowed in ine .idpi-tmciit of his accounts;
and tliev repent a hill uecnrdrnrly.
The bill wan rep<nled to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to bo engrossed for a
ihird reading.
Mr. SLIDELL. I accept the suggestion made
by the Senator from Michigan to make one bill
of the two now pendm  lorlhe relief of this offi-
cer. 1 therefore move to add as a new section to
this bill: #
An<i he it further enadal, That the pioper accounting
officers of ihe Tieasuiy be required to audit and adjn-t the
account of Commander Tnomas j. Pago, of the United
States Nuvy, (or ln«? expenses m preparing his accounts as
acting puvsei of the United States brig Dolphin, and to pay
the same out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated: Provided, That the amount to be thus paid
shall not exceed the s-um of seventy-five dollais.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) It requires unanimous consent to
make an amend mfflit at this stage. The Chair
hears no objection, and the amendment will be
received.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill ^3
amended was read the third time, and passed.
CATHARINE JACOBS.
The bill (S. No. 53?) reported from the Com-
mittee on Pensions for the relief of Catharine
Jacobs, of the -State of New York, was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to allow her during1 life
a pension of eight dollars per month, to com-
mence December 23, 1856.
Francis Jacobs, the husband of the petitioner,
as appears of rccord, was the servant of General
George Washington during the revolutionary
war; and he was wounded seriously at the battle
of Brandywine. He was placed on the pension
list by .-I special act of Congiess. His widow,
Mrs. Catharine Jacobs, who is now old and in
indigent circumstances, prays Congress to grant
her such relief a« may contribute to her comfort
in her old age.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordeied to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
HENRY" HUBBARD.
The bill (S. No. 53G) reported from the Com-
on Claims for the relief of Henry Hubbard, was
read a second tune, and considered as m Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides for the pay-
ment to Henry Hubbard, of the sum of $861 11,
in full of his account for services as United States
agent, charged with the safe-keeping of the pub-
lic pioperty at the harbor of Ashtabuia, in Ohio,
as certified by the Bureau of Topographical En-
gineers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engiossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOSEPH VERBISKI.
The bill (S. Xo. 5,'iS) reported from the Com-
mittee on Mtht.u y .Affairs to authorize an increase
of pension to Joseph Yerbiski, was read a second
time, and considered as in Commiitoi of the
Whole. It increases his pension fioni ei^ht to
seventeen dollars per month from January 1,1857.
The petitioner enlisted in the United States
Army in October, lh'51, as a private, and was at-
tached locompany 1,2d infantry. Whiieengaged
in finn^ a nation,.I salute at Port Yi.ma, Cali-
fornia, on the 4th of July, 185:2, the accidental
discluuge of a cannon blew his left arm from his
body, seriously injuring his right aim, almost
destroyed his power of speech, and otherwise so
injured hi tn that he is totally unfit for manual
labor. He was honorably discharged from the
Army at San Diego, California, m January, 1853,
when his name was placed upon the pension rollc,
under the existing laws, at eight dollars per
month, it being the largest amount to which he
was entitled. IJis injuries prevent him from
engaging in any profitable employment, and his
pension is now entirely insufficient to yield him
decent support, and he prays for its increase to
twenty dollars per month. The first lieutenant
of the regiment to which the petitioner belonged
speaks ot hun m the very highest terms, and says
j thatVeibiski would soon have been made anon-
j commissioned officer, as he was much esteemed
j by the whole regiment. The committee, seeing
the extent of his disability, and as it is obvious
that his present pension is too small, report a bill,
and recommend its passege, to increase the peti-
tioner's pension to seventeen dollars per month,
which he would have received if he had been a
non-commissioned officer at the time he was
wounded
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third,
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JAMES G. BENTON AND OTHERS.
The bill (S. No. 539) reported from the Com-
mittee on Military AtTairs for the relief of James
G. Benton, E. B. Babbitt, and James Longstreet,
of the United States Army, was read a second
