S84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20.
the line Qf his duty, on board the steamer Pow-
hatan, on "the 4th of August, A. D. 1855, and he
iras recently been placed on the pension roi^at the
rate of four dollars per month, which sum is
wholly inadequate to his support, on account of
his total disability.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CHARLES PORTERFIELD.
_ The hill (S. No. 554) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Charles Porterneld, deceased,
■was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. Its purpose is to di-
rect the Secretary of the Interior to issue to
William Kinney and Thomas J. Miclne, ex«c-
Utors of the last will and testament of Robert
Porteriield, deceased, a number of warrants equal
to six thousand one hundred and thirty-tinoe
acres of land, according to the usual subdivisions
of the public surveys, in quantities not Ie*>s than
forty acres, to be by thorn located on any of the
public lands which have been, or may be, sur-
veyed, and which have not been otherwise appro-
priated at the time of suth location, wilhin any
of the States or Territories of the United Stati-3
where the minimum price shall not exceed $1 J25
per acre. The land is to be appropriated accord-
lug to the directions contained if) the last will
and testament of Robert Porterfield, deceased, in
the same manner, ami for the purposes directed in
regard to the lands which were lost by the legal
representatives in the action with (.Mark and
others, as decided by the Supreme Court of the
United States.
^ Mr. TOOMBS. 1 hope the bill will be passed
over or some, explanation be given of it. 1 .et the
report be read.
Mr, MASON. I think the honorable Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Evans,} who reported
this bill as chairman of the. Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, can state the substance of the
report to the Senate, ami th< y will be peifectly
satisfied with it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I want to hear a reason for
passing the bjll.
Mr. KYrANS. The only reason I ran i^ive is,
perhaps, better set out ju the report, and as con-
cisely as I caii state it. Charles Porte Wield was
the commander of a regnnentin the Vnginin State
line; he was so severely wounded at Gates's
defeat that he died of his wounds. The Stale of
Virginia granted to him a land warrant tor over
fsix thousand acres. This land was located in
what Way supposed at the time to be a section of
country which Virginia had set apait for the sat-
isfaction of her land warrants to iter officers. It
turned out, however, m the end, that prior to a
particular time, this hind was .subjected to what
were culled surveys under Treasury warrants, and
n man by the hame of Chirk piocured Treasury
warrants to a largo amount., about one hundred
thousand acres, which ho hud m this district of
country.
Mr. TOOMIJS. I am satisfied.
The bill was leported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be'engiossed for a. third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
J. WILCOX J KIN'KINS.
The hilt (S. No. 555) for the relief of J. Wil-
cox Jenkins was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It allows
liim the dnb'rence between the pay of captain's
clerk and a purser of a first-class sloop-of-war
fiom Jumiaty i to April 30, during whu.ii
time lie -AM.s tue acting pmserof the sloop-of-war
jr«mej«f>'\vn.
ih.- bill was reported the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a thud
reading, read the third time, and passed.
DARTMOOU PRISONERS.
The biii (S. Ao. 55H) to authorize the Secretary
of the inferior to issue land warrants to Joseph
Chase, James Young1, and Alexander lveef, was
read a second thru, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, it i.i a direction to the Sec-
retary of the Interior to issmj to Joseph Chase,
James Young, and Alexander Keef, of Rhode
Island, respectively, a land warrant for one hun-
dred and sixty am# of hind, in consideration of
ih eir detention as prisoners m thy Dartmoor
prison during a portion of the years 1814 and
1815.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MARY FELCH.
The bill (S. No. 591) granting bounty land to
Mary Feleh, widow of theHev. Cheever Pelch,
deceased, was considered by the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides for the
issue to Mary Pelch, widow of the Rev. Cheever
Felch, deceased, of the county of St. Lawrence,
New York, a land warrant for one hundred and
sixty acres of land, in' consideration «f her hus-
band's services as chaplain, &c., in the United
States Navy during the war of 1812 with Great
Britain.
Rev. Cheever Felch, in the early part of the
year 1813, dunns: the war with Great Britain, en-
listed into the United States Navy at Boston,
under Commodore Decatur or Bainbridgo, and
for * number of years continued in the service,
on various seas, and under tiie several commands
of Commodores Uainhndge, Decatur, and Periy.
In the year 1822 he received the appointment of
superintendent of the United States surveying ex-
pedition to the coast of Florida and Alabama, and
remained in the service of his country from the
tune of his enlistment until 182G, a period of near
fourteen years, at which time, m consequence
of enfeebled health and a broken constitution—a
result too often arising from a series of years of
hardship tu the naval service of the United States
—he jesigmd. While en route to join his family
in Rutland, Vermont, after an absence from home
of some two or three years, he died in the city
of New York, leaving his widow and six small
daughters in indigent circumstances to lament the
loss of a husband and father.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOUN P. BROWN.
The bill (S. No 55!)) for the relief of John P.
Brown was lead a second time, and considered as
m Committee of the Whole, it provides for pay-
ing to John P. Drown, late principal interpreter of '
the Tuikish language to the United States lega-
tion at Constantinople, for his services as charge
d'affaires of the United States at that court, fiom
April II, to July 19, 1K39; from July 30,
to ,1 ufy 5, 1853;and from December 19,1853,
to January 31, 1851, the sum of $4,674 15, being
the ihrterencc between the salary of a charge d'
alfairesand the amount received t>y him as prin-
cipal mterpieter during the periods named.
The I'ill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, oideted to be engrossed for a third
reading, lead the third time, and passed.
CUAJNSTOUN LAURIE.
The bill (S. No. 561) for the relief of Cran-
stoun Laurie was rend the second time, and con-
sidered as m Committee of the Whole. It is a di-
leetuui to the Postmaster General to pay toCran-
stoun Laurie a just and reasonable compensation
for the extra duties performed by him as cleric in
the Post Office Department from February 8,1847,
to September 15, litfW.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM W. BELDEN.
The hili (S, \To. 563) for the relief of William
W. Behien, administrator of Fbenezer Bolden,
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to appro-
priate <.H,()24 84, being the amount of loss sus-
tained by Fbenezer Bolden by the destiuction of
ins stock of goods by the Bntish, on December
19, 1813, at ButFalo, New York, in consequence
of his store being used m part as a military depot,
by order of the Quartermaster General of the
United States Army.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOHN T. WRIGHT.
The bill (S. No. 564) for the relief of John T.
Wright, owner of the steamer America, was read
a sccond time, and considered as in Committed
of the Whole. It proposes to pay to John T.
jones, the owner of the steamer America, the full
amount stipulated to be paid to him under his
contract with Brevet Major Robert Allen, Assist-
ant Quartermaster of the United States Army,
made June 19,1855, at San Francisco, California,
for carrying United States troops from Benicia,
California, to Steilacoom, Puget Sound, on board
the steamer America, which steamer was burnt
at Crescent City, June 24,1855fin the same man-
ner as if the troops had been delivered at their
place of destination.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It seems to me
that there is some mistake about this bill, either
in the title or the bill itself. It professes to be
for John T. Wright, and it makes the apj^ropria-
tion to John T. Jones.
Mr. WELLER. I suppose that is an error.
I do not know whether it is so in the original
copy, or whether the error has been made by tho
printer. It is intended to be John T. Wright. I
move to strike out "Jones and insert ''Wright."
The amendment was agreed to. The bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, read
the third time, and passed
MAJOR BENJAMIN ALVORD.
The bill (S. No. 573) for the relief of Major
Benjamin Aivord, paymaster of the United States
Army, was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It is proposed to
require the Secretary of War to ascertain and pay
the value of the property lost by Major Aivord,
who was on board the steamship Southerner,
on tho 27th of December, 1851, when she was
wrecked near Cape Flattery, m Washington Ter-
ritory; but no allowance is to be made for any
property except such as was necessary and proper
for, and is usually earned by,such officers while
on such voyages, and ordered on distant service.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
eading, read the third time, and passed.
HARTSTEIN EXPEDITION,
Mr. FISH. The Clerk omitted the joint res-
olution (S. No. 32) which precedes on the Cal-
endar the bill just considered. It is a resolution
which 1 asked to have taken up this morning,
but the Senator from Alabama [Mr. Clay] ob-
jected to its consideration at that time. I under-
stand he has no objection to us consideration at
the present time.
The Secretary read tho title of the resolution,
winch is joint resolution (S. R. No. 32) author-
izing the Secretary of the Navy to pay to the
officers and seamen of the expedition in search
of Dr. Kane the same rate of pay that was al-
lowed the officers and seamen of the expedition
under Lieutenant De Haven.
Mr. PUGM. I do not consider that a private
bill, and 1 shall object to its consideration at tho
present time. Ft is a bill to grant extra pay.
Mr. PISH. Bills of this kind have always
been considered private bills, and put on the Pri-
vate Calendar.
Mr. PUGII. This is a bill to pay a number of
officers extra poy. It was called up and objected
to before; and I really think, wiih all due submis-
sion to the Senator from New York, it ought not
to be considered.
Mr. FISH. One word will explain it. Lieu-
tenant Hartstein was sent in charge of the expe-
dition, under a resolution of Congress, in search
of Dr. Kane. He and his officers were directed
by the Department to provide themselves with a
three years' outfit. The rigor of the climate re*
cpured a peculiar outfit of fur clothing and provis-
ions, unsuited to any other service. They fortu-
natclyascei tained, after they had been in the Arctic
seas about three or four months, that Dr. Kane
had returned home, and they came back with those
provisions and stores on hand. The proposition
is to iudemnify them for the loss they sustained
by having that character of supplies which was
unsuited for any other purpose, they having pro-
vided a three years' supply. The Committee on
Naval Affairs at this session have reported against
all claims for extra allowances, such as have here-
tofore been granted. This, however, appeared
to them so peculiar a case, one which cannot
again recur, Doing an expedition undertaken by
