THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1857.
New Series....No. 50.
a resolution of Congress, that they made an
exception in this respect, and simply propose to
extend relief to an amount -which will perhaps
indemnify these gentlemen.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator will have the bill
amended so as to pay these officers for any loss
of property, I shall be willing to let it pass. It
stands now as a resolution for extra pay, and it
stands based on a former resolution for extra pay,
and will stand as a pretext for everybody else. If
the Senator will amend the body of the resolution
go as to make it a resolution to pay for losses, I
shall make no objection; but if it be for extra pay
it will be the father of a whole lot of claims.
Mr. FISH. I shall gladly accept any amend-
ment the Senator will suggest. The committee
considered the extent of their probable loss, and
concluded that the amount of pay they would re-
ceive under this allowance would graduate to them
as nearly as possible the amount of their loss.
Mr. PUGH. I withdraw my objection.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the joint resolution, which
had been reported by the .Committee on Naval
Affairs with an amendment striking out all after
the enacting clause, and inserting:
That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is hereby,
autlioiiBCd to pay to the officers and seamen of the expedi-
tion sent m search of Dr. Kane and hi< companions, while
on duty in connection with said expedition, the same late
of compensation that was allowed to the officers and sea-
men in the expedition under Lieutenant De Haven ; and
to such officers as were not mentioned in said expedition,
the following additional compensation, namely: the lieu-
tenants and masters the pay of a lieutenant commanding;
the fiist as&ifttant engineei the pay of a chief engineer; and
the clerk the pay of a secretary to commander of a squadron.
The amendment was agreed to. The resolution
was reported to the Senate as amended, and the
amendment concurred in. The resolution was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. BIGGS. I report from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills that the act to divide the State of
Texas into two judicial districts has been en-
rolled. As there was a little error in it, I desire
to call the attention of the Senate to it. We in-
serted in the bill the word " counties," where it
had been left out in the passage of the bill through
the two Houses, and also struck out the tautology
in the bill, of the words " of which " in two
places. I have thought it necessary to call the
attention of the Senate to the fact.
A message from the House of Representatives
was afterwards received, announcing that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill, entitled "An act to divide the State of Texas
into two judicial districts,'" the House having pre-
viously consented to the correction of a clencal
omission by the insertion of the word " countics.'*
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed this en-
rolled bill.
THE TARIFF BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, its Clark, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a bill (H.
R. No. 556) reducing the duty on imports, and
for other purposes.
. 0*} motion of Mr. STU A RT, it was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The PRESIDEN I' pro tempore. The hour has
arrived which has been fixed for the considera-
tion of a special order in executive session. The
oergeant-at-Arms will close the doors
An hour and a half was spent in executive ses-
sion; after which the doors were reopened, and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 20, 1857.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
* he Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that no quorum was r
present. j
50
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that there
be a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was called, when the following mem-
j bers failed to answer to their names:
: Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Ball, Barclay, Barksdale, Bell,
Henry Bennett, I3ilhii«liurst, Bocock, Bowie, Boyee. Cad-
, walarier, John P. Campbell, Caruthers, Bayard C'arke,
i Howell Cobb. Covode, Orai^e, Cullen. Davidson, Henry
I Winter Davis, Dowdeil, Emrie, English, Evans, Florence,
; Thomas J. D. Fuller, Giddings, Gilbert. Grow, Hariison,
: Herbert, Hickman. Thomas R. Horton/Jewett, J. Clancy
Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell, Kunkel, Lmdley,
Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall,
Matteaon, McINIullm. McQueen, Millward, Morrison, Mott,
Mordecai Oliver. Ori, Packer, Fame, Pcarce, Pelton, Pen-
nington, Phelps, Pike, Porter, Puryear, Reade. Rivers, Rob-
erts, Robison, Rust, Sage, Seward, S leiman, Shoiter,
William Smith. Stephens, Trippe, Undei wood, Valk, Wat-
kins, Welch, Wheeler, Winsiow, and Daniel B. Wright.
Pending the call, ^
Mr. WAKEMAN stated that Mr. Pelton
was confined to his room by illness.
; Mr HOUSTON stated that Mr. Phelps was
i absent on account of sickness.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is there a quorum present ?
The SPEAKER. One hundred and forty mem-
bers have answered to their names.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I move that all
further proceedings in the call be dispensed with.
I The motion was agreed to.
{ Mr. HOUSTON. I was requested by Mr.
j Wheeler to say vesterday, but I forgot it, that
| the sickness of his family required his absence
I from the city.
! Mr. BRANCH announced that Mr. Barclay
! and Mr. Trippe had paired off for one week from
: yesterday morning.
CHARGES OF CORRUPTION, ETC.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to what I consider
to be a question of privilege. The House decided
yesterday, and I think properly decided, in ac-
cordance with the usages, that the subject-matter
embraced in the report of the spccial committee
was a question of privilege. If it be a question
of privilege, as I have no doubt, to bring allega-
tions against members, they of course should have
the privilege of replying. I suppose that it may
be m accoulance with the wishes of those gentle-
men that, when any gentleman moy find himself
implicated in the report, he shall have the privi-
lege of putting in, if he thinks proper to do so, a
wntten reply, and filing it w ilh the Clerk. Itthcn
will be printed for the use of the House, and be
considered in connection with the report, when it
comes up for action.
I make this as a suggestion, which I think is |
right, and I hope there will be no objection to it. j
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the motion j
should be received for the action of the House. I
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I ask to amend the j
proposition of the gentleman from North Caro- !
linn, so as to permit the members implicated in !
the report of the committee vesterday, if they j
prefer to do so, to have a rehearing of the wit- j
nesses at the bar of tins House. j
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope that the sugges- !
finn of the. gentleman from Michigan will not be j
adopted. I think it is perfectly fair that these gen- j
tlomen should be allowed to reply to the allega- !
tions; andaftcrhearingthem, the House may take j
whatever action it may judge necessary. I am not
now prepared to say whether the present state of
things requires a reexamination of the witnesses !
to be hau: I presume few* members can say^o. I
hope the amendment of the gentleman from Mich-
igan will not be persisted m. If it be, I think
the House ought to decline adopting it. I have
simply made the motion which I have made, for
the purpose that any gentleman implicated may,
if he desires to do so, file his answer with the
Clerk, and let it be printed under the order of the
House, so that it may be considered at the same
time as the report of the committee, I do not,
however, design or intend by this motion to give
rise to any delay, or to any grounds of continu-
ance; but I think that the motion which I have
offered ia right and proper.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I desire to explain
the fact as it now stands, as it may relieve the
House of the necessity of passing on the motion of
thegentleman from North Carolina. Copies of the
evidence were delivered to each of the gentlemen
implicated, and each of them has made a written
reply, which is reported with the evide-nce and
proceedings of the committee, stating the ground
which they take relative to the matter. It is a
very proper motion that these gentlemen be
allowed to be heard by counsel, and that, I sup-
pose, could not be objected to.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I presume these replies
are replies to the evidence, not to the reports or
to the arguments of the committee. If that be
the case, it may be that they would desire to put
in replies to the reports of the committee, in addi-
tion to their replies to the evidence. If so,l pre-
sume the gentleman would not object to their
doingso.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. To that I would
be inclined to object; for it would be entirely irreg-
ular. They have nothing to do with the reports.
It is only to the resolution that they can reply,
and that is to be done by argument before the
House, either on their part in person or by coun-
sel. The suggestion of letting them reply to the
report is something entirely irregular.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Maryland, that these gentlemen
may wish to have written replies to the published
reports made and printed for reference by mem-
bers. Gentlemen may get up and make speeches,
and the points of these speeches may not get be-
fore us so readily as they would in the form of
written replies. If the gentlemen desire to make
answers to the arguments of the committee in
their reports, it seems to me right and proper that
they should he allowed to do so.
Mr. HAVEN. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
Mr. Clintgma\*'s motion to allow replies of impli-
cated members to be filed and printed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Printed with the reports,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And will the
printing of the reports be delayed ?
* The SPEAKER. The printing of the reports
will not be delayed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the motion was agreed to, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. I desire to inquire of the Chair
whether the order made yesterday to print the
reports, includes the printing of the journal of
the committee ? If not, I desire to submit now a
motion to that effect.
The SPEAKER. The understanding of the
Chair is that the journal was not specifically
named anions: the papers to be printed.
Mr. KELSEY. Then I submit the motion to
print the journal of the committee with the re-
ports.
The motion was agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS OF STATE LEGISLATURES.
Messrs. KNIGHT and TYSON severally pre-
sented joint resolutions of the Legislature of
Pennsylvania, relative to the reduction or abro-
gation of duties on railroad iron; which were
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. THORINGTON presented joint resolu-
tions from the Legislature of Iowa, one request-
ing mail facilities, and the other for the relief of
Mary Anne Cheney; which were severally laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a corn*
mumcation from the Commissioner of Patents,
transmitting the agricultural portion of his annual
report.
Mr. HAVEN. I move that it be laid on the
