786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
table and ordered to be printed; and that ten thou-
sand extra copies be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
report be printed by order of the House, and hope
that it will not go back into tlie hands of the Com-
missioner.
The SPEAKER. It will not pass from the
hands of the officers of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the Speaker is
certain of that, I will not make my motion.
Mr. Hayen's motion was agreed to; and the
resolution for extra copies was referred to the
, Committee on Printing.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. BALL, by unanimous consent, presented
correspondence with the Secretary of the Interior;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. HAVEN. The public business requires,
1 think, that we should at once go into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the suae of the Union, and
undertake to dispose of public affairs; and I sub-
mit that motion. The Private Calendar can be
attended to hereafter when public affairs are more
forward than they aro now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
that it is belter (o dispose of the private bills here-
tofore reported by the Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. HAVEN. I propose to take the sense of
the House on my proposition. If there be time
hereafter to attend to this other matter, the House
can do so. But there are now on the table the
Dickins bill and various other bills, and if we
go to that business now, wo will bo taking the
yeas and nays all day——
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The rules w«ru accordingly suspended; and the
House icaolvcd itself into ilie Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. II. Mar-
shal!. in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of tho bill to reduce.' the duty on imports anil for
other purposes—the pending proposition being
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. TuAt rosr J to the amendment
of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Mij.lson,]
as amended, as follows:
Add the worth " gut used hi tho manufacture of whips.'
So as to place that article on the free list.
Mr. CAMFIJEF.L, of Ohio, I rise for the
purpose of suggesting to the committee, with a
view to expedite action on this matter, to proceed
at once to have the oiigmal hill read by clauses,
in order that we may conn: to a vote, and bring
this matter before the 1 loose.
Mr.TRAVTON. Mr. Chairman, when I pro-
posed that amendment day befoic yesterday, it
felUike a bomb upon the House; and on the laws
of association, or some other cause, the House
immediately adjourned, taking tho floor from
beneath my feet. But as it is now so near the
breakfast hour, I apprehend the same losult will
not follow this nionim^. It is not necessary that
1 should consume tho time of tho House. This
article, which 1 propose to add to the free hst, is
an article used very generally in the manufacture
of whips, and is an article which is not pivpaied
at all in this country. It is imported fiom Gieat
Britain, and the whip manufacturers are neces-
sarily cidled on to pay a very heavy duty upon
what cannot be prepared in this country. No
objection, I presume, will be made to my prop-
ortion, and I will not, therefore, consume the
time of the committee with an argument on the
point.
The amendment was again reported.
Mi. TRA F rON. Some gentlemen propose to
insert in my amendment the word " rot" before
"gut," j laughter;] but I of coarse object to that.
Mr. SPINNER. Why not insert" cat" before
"gut," so that our musical fiiends may have
" iiddle strings" duty free r (Laughter.]
The question was taken; and tho amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. W ALBRIDGE. I oiTer the following, to
coma in as an additional section:
Sec.«—. Jliui he if further enacted, That from and after
the 1st day of July. 18.77, theie shall be. an addition of hay
per centum to Ule duties, now imposed by Saw on the goods.
wares, and merchandise, imported from foreign countries,
and enumerated and provided for in the act entitled " An
act to rcduce the duties on imports, and for other purposes,"
approved July 30, 1846; except such goods, wares, and
merchandise, as are by this act placod in tho free schedule
and authorized to be admitted free of any duty.
Mr. Chairman, the Committee of Ways and
Means, who have reported this bill, and every
gentleman who has discussed it, or any amend-
ment to it, have taken the position that it was
necessary to reduce our revenue; that the accu-
mulation of revenue in the Treasury of the Union
was materially embarrassing the business of the
country. To get clear of this difficulty, it is pro-
posed to reduce the duties on imports. Now,
sir, experience has taught us that reduction of
duty increases revenue. The tariff of 1846 was
enacted for the very purpose of reducing the
revenue. It was then held that the revenue was
too large, and that it was accumulating. That
law was passed to reduce the revenue and deplete
the Treasury. Experience has shown us that no
such result follows the reduction of duties upon
imports.
It has also shown another thing. It has shown
us tl^it by reducing duties and increasing impor-
tations,we ship every year to Europe, $00,000,000
of specie to pay the balance of trade against us;
and I submit, Mr. Chairman, that if the locking
up of $20,000,000, or $30,000,000 in the Treasury
is to be ruinous to the business of the country—if
that is to produce commercial revulsion, which
gentlemen so much dread, what, must be the re-
sult of shipping every year $50,000,000 to foreign
countries—equal to burying it into the sea? It is
not locked up, but spent and squandered every
year; year after year $50,000,000 in coin is sent
out of the country to nay for goods which we
ought to produce ourselves. If you will impose
such duties upon the manufactures of iron, wool-
en and cotton, and silk, as will amount to pro-
hibition of their importation, they will be pro-
duced m this countiy, and the Treasury will be
di oleted, while the revenue will be reduced. You
will at the same time stop this How of coin from
the country ant! keep it at home. Wo will pro-
duce our own mamiiuctuivd goods; the business
of the country will flourish, and no commercial
revulsion will take place. Indeed, Mr. Chair-
man, no commercial revulsion ever can be pro-
duced in this or any other country by home tra-
ding. It is over-trading with foreign countries
that produces that result. Over-trading among
ourselves will not produce commercial revulsion;
but shipping $50,000,000 to pay for goods we
could as well produce ourselves, we have aright
to expect nothing else.
The balance of trade is against us. How shall
wo icmedy it? By the reduction of duties so as
to eucouia^e importation, or by increasing tho
duties so as to piohibit importation ? While I am
for a revenue tariff—for a tariff that will collect as
much levenue as the Government needs, and no
moi e, yet I would regulate that tariil'so that it will
protect home industry in all its branches. And
when I say protect, 1 mean it. 1 will not consent that
the tanif of thiscountiy shall be so ananged as to
exclusively promote the foreign commerce of this
country. 1 want the manufacturing and agricul-
tural interests of the country protected while we
protect our commercial muuests. I have not'the
time to go into an argument on this question. It
ha.; been shown over and over again, and it can
be shown at any time, that, this is the only way
to protect this country from commercial revul-
sion.
Mr. GREENWOOD. It is not my purpose to
debate this piopoxition; but I rise simply for the
purpose of making known my objections—not in
detail—to the amendment of the gentleman from
Michigan, and by so doing cut off any further
debate upon it. i am opposed to it.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. FOSTER. I move to amend as follows:
Add at the end of the bill :
ylnd be it further enacted, That from and after tho 1st day
of July iicAt, The duty to be levied and collected on gunny
cloth imported into th--United States Iiom loieign coun-
tries, shall he ten per ccntuin on pimio cost.
According to the principle of this bill, which
seems to be favored by the Committee of Ways
and Means, they propose to putin the free list all
articles not manufactured in the United States at
all. How, sir, this article of gunny cloth is not
manufactured in the United States, has not been,
and never will be. I ask, then, upon what prin-
ciple do they propose to keep a duty of twenty
per cent, upon gunny cloth ? It is used for a spe-
cific purpose. It may be said that it comes in
competition with hemp. So far as the covering
of square bags of cotton is concerned, that may
be true; but you cannot prevent, and you will not
prevent, men of the South from using it. In the
first place, it is worth double the money, and is
twice as heavy. As they will use it, this is simpiy
a tax upon the men of the South of twenty per
cent, upon gunny cloth. They would pay thirty
cents for that as soon as they would sixteen cents
for Kentucky and western bagging,because it will
remunerate them that much more in the sale of
their cotton. Then you cannot drive the southern
planters from the use of gunny cloth by putting
a duty of twenty per cent, upon it. You might
have put a duty of seventy-five or one hundred
per cent, upon it, and that would have excluded
it. Why not, I ask again, put it into the free list?
But I ask you only to rcduce the duty one half,
as it is now twenty per cent., while my proposi-
tion is 'to make it ten per cent. I do not propose
to put it into the free list.
But southern planters are not the only persons
interested in this matter. This article is im-
ported into Boston entirely, I believe, and they
are directly interested m it. If they permit this
duty to remain upon gunny cloth, to that extent
they drive it from the market, and they lose the
importation to that extent. I think, then, this
imposition is that much tax upon the southern
planter. You do not make any of this article
here. If you needed these taxes for the public
good, the southern planter would never open his
mouth m remonstrance. He would be willing to
pay taxes to that extent.
Again, it is proposed by the friends of this bill
to make everything free which enters into the
manufacture of articles in this country. Does not
this enter into tho manufacture of the raw mate-
rial ? It is an article necessary to get the raw
material—cotton—to market. Itis not consumed
in this country, but is simply connected with the
manufacture of a raw article. Itgocs to the man-
ufacturer simply to cover the cotton.
Then upon both principles that article ought
to be free fiom this amount of duty. It is right
m principle; and I say again, even if it came in
competition with bagging made at the West, it
should not be subject to this twenty per cent,
duty.
Mr. KENNETT. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Georgia; and, if per-
mitted, will offer an amendment to his amend-
ment, so as to put a duty of thirty-five per cent,
not only upon gunny cloth, but upon all manu-
factures of Manilla hemp. I am in favor of dis-
criminating for the benefit of the manufacturer,
by incruaRing the duty upon the manufactured
article whore tho raw material (or a substitute)
can be produced at home; and 1 had supposed
that the principle of protection, as advocated by
the friends of protection here, upon which so
much has been said, was by this time fully un-
derstood. We are willing to benefit the manu-
facturer by permitting the free importation of all
articles used in manufactures which cannot be
produced in this country, but not to sacrifice our
own producers.
The gentleman from Georgia says that the
southern planter will not use hempen bagging
under any circumstances. 1 would ask that gen-
tleman how long it has been since they used
nothing else ? How long is it since your State,
Mr. Chairman, (Mr. li. Marshall in the chair,)
supplied the entire consumption of this article of
bagging; And Kentucky and Missouri will be
able to supply it again, and will supply it, if they
are protected against this cheap gunny cloth.
I am in favor of protecting the manufacturer in
this case only by increasing the duty on the for-
eign manufactured article, and not by legislation
that will destroy an important interest, as the pro-
duction of hemp in this country is admitted to be.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FOSTER. I would like to ask the gentle-
man one question. I wish to inquire whether the
supply of western bagging is half sufficient to
supply the southern demand ?
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order.
