788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
But, sir, this is not the difficulty we labor under.
Nor is it the twenty millions of surplus locked
up in the vaults of the sub-Treasury, bad as that
is, that threatens the financial convulsion so fear-
fully and truthfully foretold bv the honorable
member of the Committee of Ways and Means
from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher.]^
The disease is not thus superficial.
It is deep-seated and dangerous.
" True, there arc twenty millions of dollars locked
up in your sub-Treasury, and kept from circula-
tion, and from being made a basis of three times j
that amount of circulating medium, and to that |
extent paralyzing the business energies of the I
country. ,
But, sir, that is not our greatest trouble. j
The cause of the impending danger is from
another source.
It is excessive importations that abstract our
specie.
Sir, it is like the cholera, that draws the vital
fluid, and loaves the subject in collapse.
We buy more than we can pay for. j
We continue to import goods that we should j
ntako ai home; and but fur ilm gold of California j
we would long ere this have been prostrate. i
The £300,000,000 dug from our own mines is <
gone. \
Not looked up in your sub-Treasury, where ,
you can unlock it wh<*n you n!en<?c, but it im gone ;
beyond your reach—gone where your excessive :
importations came from—never a dollar of it to :
return until your financial policy is changed.
I tell you, sir, as 1 have told you before, you j
must manufacture more and import leys,and keep !
your specie at home. ;
The country looks lie re to this House to avert
the impending stoim, and it should not look in
vain.
The Constitution vests the power in Congress
to do it, and nowhere else.
Neither the people nor the States can do it.
They aro impotent before you, and will you
neglect them and fail to do it >
And now, sir, will you do il?
Sir, we want i'oi-fy pei ''''lit. on cloth.
Wo tried it in (he tjwiils of IbX.\* and and
it woiked to a chat m.
The tariff of ISI'2 would your now idle
woolen find iron milks m motion, and materially
lessen your importations.
It would increase your flocks, and make the
lambkins play on a thousand hilh.
It would funutdi u steady home-market for the
farmer, and fill with plenty the hand of indus-
trious toil.
Restoie tlir* tariiT'of with variations for
a Ave list, and «tand by it and keen it pennant nt,
and if that do^s not s.iu- us, nothing will.
Mr. DUNN rnllcd foi felieis on Mr. IIuuan^
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ki.ouknck
and Ghaffkk weic appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers repoi ted
—ayi<a 85, noes 44.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr, COLFAX I oiler the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
Sec, X That from and niV'Mhe I*-r davofJuly,
duty on nnpniuul b.ovvn sugar <h:iU In- one .uul .i half ernt
per pound; and on white and loafMiqat two ccib pei
pound.
Tin* Committee of the Whole, when it was last
in session, indicated its determination not to place
bugnr on the free list. I regretted this conclusion
ot tiie member* uf thi; IJoum1, but 1 do not use
to qitarrol uith the cuimoiUee aa to a matter of
detail which they have defmiudy decided.
But, if I understood the argument of the gen-
tleman from Louisiana, [Mr. who last
addressed 'be eonHohtee, he stated to the com-
mittee distinctly that, v/lum su^ar was at a hi<rh
price, the sugar-planters of Louisiana did not need
or desire protection, and (hen the gentleman from
New York [Air. Waklm-w j asked why the duty
upon it was not remitted on the ground taken
by *he sugar-planters—that they do not need pro-
tection when sugar is bi^h in price, and only need
protection when the price is low? I offer this
proposition as a compromise. It i.s based upon
the prices when the tariff of 18*6 was passed—
when brown sugar commanded five cents per
pound. Thirty per cent, was the rate of duty
prescribed by that tariff, and thirty per cent, levied
on the prices of 1846 would make exactly one cent
and a half per pound duty. I think that that is
reasonable, because when sugar is high, as it is
now, there is conceded to be no necessity to tax the
consumer, and when it is low, that measure of
protection will be both efficient and valuable to
them. The object proposed by the Committee of
Ways and Means is to deplete the Treasury; and
here is a boon to the public at large which will
diminish the excessive revenue now received
three and a half millions of dollars per year, on a
I single item, without having any interest in the
j land. It is also in accordance with the precedents
1 of former legislation. In 1789, the first tariff
j adopted by our Government levied a duty of one
| cent per pound on brown sugar. Specific duties
i were aU-o levied m 1700, TO5, 1797,and in 1800,
I increasing at last to two and a half cents per
! pound on all grades of brown sugar, and on loaf
I to five cents per pound. In 3846, the duties still
1 stood at two and a half cents per pound on all
| importations of brown sugar, when the tariff of
I that year reduced it as they supposed to thirty per
! cent, ad valorem, the effect of which, however,
j has been, by the increase of price, to increase
I the duty over the amount then sought to be low-
j ered. 1 propose, therefore, to reduce the burden
| now imposed on the consumers of sugar one half
by changing the lariffupon it from an ad valorem
rate, which increase its cost now threo cents per
pound, to a specific duty of one cunt and a half
per pound on brown, nod two cents on loaf, based
on the prices in force when the present thirty per
cent, duty was imposed—to reduce the revenue as
much as two thi ids of the whole assortment of free
ai tides recommended by the Ways and Means
Committee, and at the same time work no injury
to any interest in the Union
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, I am op-
posed to this amendment, first, because it pro-
poses to miroduf^ the old, unjust, and exploded
.-•ystem of specific duties; and again, because it
discriminates against those who consume the m-
fenorand less cor.tiy quality of sugar. The gen-
tleman fiom Indiana [Mi. t'oi.i AKj shakes his
head; but no gentleman who will i< (l-'et on the
effect of ihis amendment will controvuit what I
:uy. A duty <Nf one cent and a half per pound is
pmposed to bo put upon brown sugars. Who
does not know that those sugars vary m price, so
that the cheaper brown sugars cost butlittle over
| one half the price of the best quality. They vary
: fiom three, four, and liveeents up to eight,nine,
j or ten cents per pound. So, then, those prisons
; who eon mi me the uune common ai tick of hi own
| sugars, b'-caure of tluir inability to pay for the
i fupemu* and tutor article, are, according to the
| kind and tender ni"ieu-sof the gentleman from
j Indiana, [.Mr Coifa\,J made to pay some thir-
I ty, ioity,or fifty per cent, duty upon the amount
uf their purchases, while those who are able to
use the finer sugars pay about half the pur cent,
arcordmgto the v.due oftheir purchases. A man
putchases a bundled pounds of common brown
s.ig.u for five doilais, and pays 60 lax upon
it, which is an ad valorem d ut y of 1 h irty per cent.;
while the man who buvs too best quality for ten
dollars per one hundred pounds, pays a'«o $1 50
duty, winch is an ad valorem duty of only fifteen
per cent. Thus we sec the irrops injustice of the
gentleman's amendment; it makes an unjust and
} odiouw discrimination against the poorer class of
: consumer!;. When we consider the difference in
! price of the finer and more common sugars, we
1 will, I thmk, find that, under this amendment,
| those'who \is.e the cheap fcur„ruis because they arc
! not able to purchase the dear, will have to pay
| double the mi valorem dnty that those will have to
; pay who use the finer and nvue costly article.
I 1 am opposed toanysucli system of legislation.
! I am opposed to any legislation which throws the
! bmdens of the Uovetnment upon the poorer
! classes of the community, and hits those escape
with hght taxes who .Tt able to use and do use
! the costly articles. H we make any disenmina-
f tion at all, we ought to nuikf it in the opposite
i direction, so as to place the duty — the tax —
! upon tho property of the country. I am unwill-
\ ing to make a discriminating tax: against the
! laboring classes of the people, as proposed by the
| gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Colfax.] If we
| discriminate at all, we should do it in a way to
• make the tax bear upor* the wealth of thecountry;
and if we can consistently do so, we should place
the tax so that it may fall upon property. Tho
discrimination should be against those who con-
sume the more costly articles, upon the very
reasonable presumption that they possess the
property, and are able to pay. Specific duties of so
much per pound, or yard, operate unequally, and
what is worse, that inequality is in the wrong
direction. It makes a pound of sugar which costs
five'cents pay as much duty as a pound which
costs ten cents, being double the duty upon the
value of the coarse to what it is on the value of
the fine, and, therefore, necessarily falls harder
upon those who consume the necessaries of life.
Those who can pay and who consume the luxu-
ries get off easily, while thooc who are poorly
able to pay are burdened with the taxes of the
Government. Such legislation is unjust, and I
will never sanction it by my vote. I hope the
gentleman's amendment may be rejected.
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Chairman,I desire to
know whether I may offer amendments to the bill
in the House, indicated previously to action in
Committee of the Whole, and ordered to be printed
by the House? My reason for making this in-
quiry is, that the following amendments, which X
subnntu d some time ago, may have consideration
in the House. The object of the amendment ia
merely to classify an article of industry in the
existing tariff of duties, to which there can be no
earthly objection. If I cannot, I trust sincerely
the motion of the gentleman from South Carolina
may not prevail. The amendments I offer are in
the nature ot a proviso, fixing a place in the
schedules of the tariff of 1846, and providing the
rate of duty upon which unfinished goods of the
character I have intimated may be hereafter ad-
mitted :
Provided, That hereafter manufactures of worsted, or of
which worsted shall be a component material, not other-
wit-e provided for, imported in the " gray'' or rough state, for
the purpose of bom? dyed, printed, and finished in tho
Tinted Stales, he placed in schedule K, and admitted at
five: per centum lower rate of duly than the same article
unpolled m a finished state, or upon paying a duty of twenty
pet centum ml vulojno .* ^nd provided further, That mim-
ufae tines oi ai tides of silk, or of which >ilk shall be a com-
ponent part, imported m the tk giay*1 or roujih state, for the
puipo>e of bun;; dved, punted, and laughed in the United
Mate-, he placed in schedule R, and be admitted at five per
centum lower iate ol dutv than the .vime article impoitcd
in a iinished state, or upon pajing twenty per centum ad
i'ah)} PI i.
Mr. Chairman, the amendments which I have
submitted asking for a classification in the tariff
of duties upon unfinished manufactured tissues
of combed wool, known under the name of the
rough article in commerce as u goods in the gray,
or goods in tho grease," and the printing of
which was ordered by the House, is deserving
of the utmost attention, in my humble judgment.
The amendment is buSod upon numerous petitions
which were presented early in the session of this
Congress, from merchants and importers residing
in the cities of New York, Philadelphia, Boston,
Baltimore, Providence, and Pittsburg. These
petitions, which were referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, solicit Congress merely to
classify these articles of manufacture at a rate of
duty which may be regarded as equitable. The
signatures attached to these petitions cannot for
a moment allow us to doubt the propriety nad
justice of their object; and this alone has induced
me to propose the above amendments.
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
States, in Cunp'c^ assembled ;
The petition of the mcichauts and importers residing in
; the cine-? of New Voik, Philadelphia, Boston, Baltimore,
j Providence, :md Pitt-buijr, respectfully showeth :
] That poor to the enactment of the present tariff, it was
! the custom to import fine woolen goods, such as merinoes,
| ca>hmet e-1, mou.-thne de lame, bareges, and satins de lame,
I only alter thiy had been dyed and finished; that the tariff,
„ consequently, piovidtd toi duties upon finished goods only;
that the demand? of commerce have led, within the last
Anvyeais, to the importation of undyed and unfinished
! woolen goot! > of the above varieties, and that, owing to the
! i apanty,'cheapness, and elegance with which they can now
j b«- dj ed and finished m the United States, this irnpoitation
j is rapidly mcieasing: in amount; that, owing to the omw-
! sum of ail mention of them m the tariff laws, these unfin-
| ished goods are subjected to the payment of as high a duty
: as if tliey were dyed and finished ready for the market;
i that goods of this kind are not manufactured in the United
States, and no manufacturing interest will be injured by a
i eduction of the duty, which is burdensome as well as ac-
cidental.
Your petitioners, therefore, pray that you will assign to
these articles their proper rank in the tariff of duties on
import*, placing the duty upon them higher than upon the
raw material, and lower than upon fiiiithed merchandise of
the same description.
