m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
tion, if it be now ordered, does not go to the en-
grossment of the bill.
The SPEAKER. Not to the engrossment of
the bill.
" Mr. STANTON. Then I withdraw the call
for the yeas and navs.
Mr. FLORENCfc. Do I understand that I
•will have an opportunity to offer an amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not for the Chair to
answer that question.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will it be in order ? X ask
the question because 1 indicated an amendment
which I intended to offer at the proper time. I
have waited patiently to have an opportunity to
offer it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already stated
that the House has not yet acted on the bill
The main question was ordered to be put; and
being put, the recommendation of the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union that the
enacting words of the bill be stricken out was
disagreed to.
The question recurred on ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, i now propose a
substitute for the original bill. I will simply say
here, before demanding the previous question,
that it is ill substance the last proposition reported
by the majority of the Committee of Ways and
Means, with one or two very slight modifications,
embracing the proposition of tlie gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Mokhii.i.] in regaid to wool, and
also the proposition of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Fdi.i.ek,] which was yesterday
carried in committee by a majority of two to one,
in reference to scrap iron. I offer this as a sub-
Btituta for the original bill, and demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. LETCHER. I aslt my colleague on the
Committee of Ways and Means to allow me to
offer the bill which 1 presented to the HouBe the
other day, as an amendment in the nature of a
(.ubatitute for the bill which he has now intro-
duced.
Mr, CAMPBELL, of Ohio. 1 deem it due, at
this stage of the session, to the minority of tlie
Committee of Ways and Means, that they should
have an opportunity of taking a vote on tlieu-
proposiuon. For that purpose 1 withdraw the
previous question, with tlie understanding that
my colleague will renew it when he submits his
proposition.
Mr. LF.TCHER. I now offer my proposition,
and call the previous qtii'stuni.
Mr. BOYCE. 1 should like very much to hare
the opportunity of having a vote on the proposi-
tion which I submitted the other day in tlie Com-
mittee of the Whole on the slate of the Union.
Mr. LETCIIEll. From my understanding
"with the gentleman from Ohio, I have no right to
withdraw the call for the pievioua question.
Mr. HARLAN. Id esire to ask my colleague,
the chairman of the Committee of Ways ami
Means, to allow me to oiler my amendment fix-
ing the duty on wool at twenty per crnt. My
amendment was carried in committee by a vote
of 85 to 44, and I desire an opportunity of luwmg
the wense of the House taken upon it; for it was
adopted by a larger majority than that winch
adopted the proposition of the gentleman from
Vermont.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Letcher] calls the previous question,
and the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio
cannot be received.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to appeal to the
gentleman to withdraw—-—
Mr. CLIJNOMAN. I ask the gentlemen from
Virginia and Ohio [Messrs. Letcher and Camp-
bell] to allow this course to be taken 
The SPEAKER. _ The suggestion can be re-
ceived only by unanimous consent.
Mr. FLORENCE.
question.
Mr. McMULLIN. Have I not the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia asked his colleague to withdraw the call for
the previous question 
Mr. McMULLIjN". No, air*, the Chair mis-
understood me. I wanted the ear of the gentle-
man at the head of the Committee of Ways and
Means. I desired to appeal to that gentleman
to withdraw the call, so as to iet in the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
I desire to ask a single
Boyce,] as well as that of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Mack,] and to let us take a vote
of the House on the various propositions.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia declines to withdraw the call for the previ-
ous question.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then I hope the House
will vote down the previous question.
Mr. LETCHER. I have no authority to with-
draw the call.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope there will be no
objection to my making this suggestion: Here
are two propositions on which we have to vote.
They arc somewhat long and complicated. I de-
sire that this course may be taken: that the pie-
vious question may be seconded, and that, by
common consent, we may postpone the vote till
twelve o'elock to-morrow.
Mr. ORR. I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire to say,
with the consent of the gentleman from Virginia,
that 1 do not want to cut o(F the proposition of
my colleague [Mr. Harlan] in refoience to wool;
and if the House 
Mr. SEWARD. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I object.
Mr. DUNN. I ask the Chair as to the effect
of sustaining the previous question at this time'1
The SPEAKER. If the House sustain the
previous question, the first question will be on
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Lki'ciiek.] When that is dis-
posed of, the question will be on the amendment
of the gonrtcman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,]
and then on tlie original bill.
Mr. DUNN. If the House refuse to sustain
the previous ciuestion, then it is to go over till
to-morrow without lurther fiction?
The SPEAKER. If the House sustain the
call and refuse to order the mam question to be
put, it will, under the rules and practice of the
House, go over and conn; up as the first question
in the Hr.ssion to-morrow.
Mr. OLliYUMAN". That will do.
Mr. DUNN. Will we then have an opportu-
nity of submitting still further amendments?
The SPEAKER. The question will then come
up to-morrow, " Shall the main question be put?*'
No amendment will be in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I suppose I am
entitled to an hour, if I choose, after the debate
shall have been closed?
The SPEAKER. Yes.
Mr. McMULLIN called for tollers on ordering
the previous question.
Teileis were ordered; and Messrs. Pkury and
SnoRTMi were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes J0(>, noes JiO.
So the previous question was seconded.
The mil in quesiion was ordered to be put.
Mr. CLliNG MAN" moved to reconsider the
vote by which the mam question was ordered*,
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, then addressed the
House under the rule allowing the member re-
norting a bill one hour to close tlie debate thereon.
Jlis speech is withheld for revision, and will be
published hereafter.
The question now being upon Mr. Letcher's
amendment to the amendment,
Mr. CLINGMAN called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Would it be in order to
move that there be a call of the House ?
The SPEAKER. Itwould notbe,astheHoyse
has ordered the mam question.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Then I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. ELLIOTT. Upon the motion to adjourn
1 call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question was taken upon the amendment
to the amendment; and it was decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 74, nays 112; as follows;
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Ilcndley S.
Bennett, Bliss, Bocock.Boyce, Branch, John P. Campbell,
Chngman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cratge, Crawford, Da-
vidson, Day, Bowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, Emrie, Eng-
lish, Etheridge, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Garnett, Green-
wood, Augustus Hall, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Haven,
Houston, Jnwett, George W. Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Letcher,
Lumpkin.Mace, Samuel S. Marshall,McMulhn, McQueen,
Smith Miller, Million. Morrison, Molt, Nichols, Andrew
Oliver, Orr, Peek, Pettit, Powell, Quitman, Ready, Ruffin,
Sandidge, Savage, Scott, Seward, Shorter, Spinner, Stan-
ton, Stewart,Talbott, Taylor, Vail, Walker. Warner, Wat-
son, Wells, Williams, Wmslow, Woodworth, Daniel B.
Wright, and John V. Wright—7-1.
NAYS—Messrs. Akers, Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Bonbon, Bingham, Bishop, Bowie, Bradshaw, Brenton,
Broom, Bufhnton, Burlmgame, James II. Campbell, Lewis
I). Campbell, Carhle, Chariee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark,
dawson, Colfax, Coming, Covode, Cox, Cragin, Cullen,
Cumbaek, Pamreil, Henry Wmtei Davis, Timothy Davis,
Dean, l>e Witt, Dick, JJiekson, Dodd,Dunn, Duifee, Edie,
EustiP, Flagler, Henry M. Fuller, Galloway, Gilbert, Gran-
ger, Robert B llall, J. Morrison Harris, Hatrison, Hodges,
Hotl'man, Holloway, Valentine 0. Horton, Howard, Hughs-
ton, KeNey, Kennett, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowfton,
Knox, Kunkel, Lake, Loiter, Lindley, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Kilhan Miller, Milhvaid, Moore, Morgan, Morrill,
Murray, Norton, Paine, Parker, Pearce, Pennington, Pike,
Porter", Pimgle, Purvianee, Rieaud, Ritchie, Bobbins,
Roberts, Salmi, Sage., Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Sneed,
Stratiah.tn, Swope, Tappan, Thonngton, Thurston, Todd,
Trafion, Tyson, Underwood, Wade. Wakeman, Wal-
intdgc, VValJrou, Cadwalnder O. Washbnrne, EHihu B.
Wa^hhurne, Israel Washburn, Welch, Whitney, Wood,
WoodrulF, and ZollicofFer—112.
So the amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. CASK1E stated that he was not in his seat
when his name was called. Had he been he would
have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. KIDWELL stated that he was necessa-
rily out of the House when his name was called;
and had he been in he should have voted for the
proposition of his colleague.
Mr. BURNETT stated thathe would have voted
in the affirmative for the pending proposition as
a substitute for the original bill.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama, said he should
have voted in the affirmative had he been in his
seat when his name was called.
Mr. CARLILE stated that he voted in the neg-
ative, that he might move to reconsider.
The vote having been announced—
Mr. CARLILE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment to the amendment was
disagreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
House do now adjourn; and upon that I call for
the yeas and nays; and I ask for tellers upon thb
yeas and nays.
Tellers were refused; and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now move to
lay the bill upon the table; and upon that 1 call
the yeas and nays.
Mr. II. MARSHALL. I rise to a point of
order. There is a motion pending to lay upon
the table the motion to reconsider. Does a mo-
tion to lay the bill upon the table take precedence
of that motion ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay the bill
upon the table will dispose of the entire subject.
The other is but an incidental motion. The first
named motion takes precedence.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 72, nays 122; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Hendley S.
Bennett, Bingham, Blis^;, Boeoek, Boyce, Branch, Burnett,
Augustus Hall, Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L.
Harris, Holloway, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones,
Kent, Kelly, Kidwell, Leteher, Lumpkm, Mace, Samuel
S. Marshall, Maxwell, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson,
Mott, Pettit, Powell, Quitman, Ready, Ruffin, Sapp, Sav-
age, Scott. Seward, Sherman, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith,
Stanton, Stewart, Swope, 't'albott, Waldron, Walker,
Warner, Watson, Wmslow, Woodworth, Daniel B.Wright,
John V, Wright, and Zollicoffor—72.
NAYS—Messrs. Akers, Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Benson, Bishop, Bowie, Bradshaw, Brentonj Broom, Buf-
finton, Burhngame, James H. Campbell, John P. Camp-
bell, Lewis D. Campbell, Caruthers, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
Clawson, Comins, Covode, Cox, Cragin, Cullen, Cumbaek,
Damrell, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Timothy Davis,
Day, Dean, DeWitt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,'Durfee, Edie,
Einrie, English, Etheridge, Eustis, Flagler, Florence, Henry
M. Fuller, Granger, Robert B. Hall, J. Morrison Harris,
Harrison, Haven, Hodges, Hoffman, Valentine B. Horton,
Howard, Hughston, Kelsey, Kennett, King, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Knox, Lako, Leiter, Lindley, Alexander K.
Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, McCarty, McMuihn, Kiilian
