1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
791
Miller, Millward, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Murray, Nichols,
Norton Andrew Oliver, Packer, Paint1-, Parker, Pcarce,
Peck Pennington, Perry, Pike, Porter, Pringle, Purviance,
Puryear, lticaud, Kobbins, Roberts, Sabin, Sage, Sandidge,
Simmons, William Smith, William It. Smith. .Sneed, Spin-
ner, Stranahan, Tappan, Taylor, Thonngton, Thurston,
Todd,Trafton, Tyson, Underwood, Vail, Wade,Wakeman,
Walbridge, Cadwalader C. Washbume, Ellihu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Whitney, Wood, and
Woodruff—J 22.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, stated that Mr.
Orh. and Mr. Ritchie had paired off.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee, stated that Mr.
Evans was detained from the House in conse-
quence of sickness.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; and it
was agreed to.
The question recurring on Mr. Campbell's
amendment as a substitute for the bill,
Mr. KEITT called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and there were, on
a division—ayes 93, noes 40.
So the substitute was adapted.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 110, nays 84; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Akers. Allison, Ball, Barbour, Benson,.
Bishop, Bowie, Bradshaw, Brenton, Broom, Butiinton, Ilur-
Imgauie, James It. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Caru-
thers, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, dawson. Co-
muis, Covode, Cox, Cragm, Cullen, Cumback, Dai'nreii,
Davidson, Henry Winter Davis,Timothy Davis, Day, Dean,
De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Durfee, F.riie, Emrie, Etheridgc,
Eustis, Flagler, Florence, Foster, Henry M. Fuller, Gran-
ger, Augustus Hall, Robert B. Ilall, j" Morrison Harris,
Harrison, Haven, Hodges, Hoffman, Valentine B. Hqrton,
Howard, Hu|liston, Kelsey, Kennett, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Knox, Kun(tel, Lake, Letter, Lindley, Alex-
ander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Killian Miller,
Millward, Moore, Morrill, Murray, Packer, Paine, Parker,
Pearce, Pennington, Perry, Pike, Porter, Pringle. Purvi-
ance, Puryear, Ricaud, Robbins, Roberts, Sabin, Sage,
Simmons, WilhainR. Smith, Spinner, Stranahan, Tappan,
Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Tratton, Tyson, Underwood,
Vail, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Cadwalader C. Wash-
bume, 1311ihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Welch,
Wells, Whitney, Wood, and Woodruff—110.
NAYS — Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allen, Barksdale,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bingham, Bliss, Bocoek, Boyce,
Branch, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Carlile, Caskie, Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Craige, Crawford. Dodd, Dow-
dell, Dmin,EdmundsOn, Elliott, Faulkner, Galloway. Gar-
nett, Goode, Greenwood, Italian, Sampson W. Hairis,
Thomas 1Harris, Holloway, Houston, George W. Jones,
Keitt, Kelly, Kidwell, King, Letcher, Lumpkin, Maee,
Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, MeCarty, McMullm, Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller, Mill&on, Morgan, Morrison, Mott,
Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, reck, Pettit, Powell, ciuit-
man, Ready, Ruflin, Sandidge, Sapp, Savage, Scott, Sew-
ard, Sherman, Shorter, Saniiiel A. Smith, Sneed, Stanton,
Stewart, Swopc, Talbott, Taylor. Waldron, Walker, War-
ner, Watson, Williams, Wmslow, Woodworth, Daniel IS.
Wright, John V. Wnght, and Zollicoffer—84.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the vote,
Mr. SNEED said: I should like to state, by
the consent of the House, before casting my vote
on this question, that I do not like 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) It cannot be
done except by the unanimous consent of the
House.
Several Members objected.
Mr.SNEED. Thenl vote" no"forthe pres-
ent.
Mr. WALKER stated that Mr. Rust was
detained from the House by sickness.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. 1 move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
also move to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
Mr. MORGAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on the latter motion; and ask for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
naJs were not ordered. *
•I he motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. KEITT. I rise to a question of privilege.
I find in the Globe of this day a statement made
in respect to me which is not correct.
The SPEAKER. That is hardly a question
of privilege.
Mr. KEITT. I wish to state a single fact.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Bexkett]
is reported as having said yesterday—speaking
of a case which occurred last summer—that the
persons implicated were present at the entire
investigation. I wish to state, however, in this
connection, that I knew nothing of the proceed-
ings of the committee until the examination had
been gone through. I was then informed by the
chairman of the committee that, if I desired, the
clerk of the committee would bring to my room
the testimony which had been taken and read to
me that portion of it which implicated myself,
arid that I could then, if I desired, be heard by
counsel or in any way I chose to be heard. I
was not there. I never attended a session of the
committee and knew nothing about it. I ac-
knowledge the courtesy of the committee. I
stated that I cared nothing about the testimony,
that I cared nothing about the report, that I did
not want to examine any witnesses, or to make
any answer whatever. All that I now want to
state is, that the committee pursued towards me
precisely the course which this committee has
pursued towards the gentleman now before the ;
House, with the exception that I had no copy of j
the evidence furnished to me, but they only offered i
to allow me to read the evidence. ;
REFERENCE OF SENATE BILLS. !
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I d-sireggtsubmit
a motion to go into the Committee of flSfwVhole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I trust that
the gentleman from Ohio will give me a moment.
I propose to offer a motion to go into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union to con-
sider the river and harbor bills: and I shall ask to
pass over certain bills until I get to the river and
harbor appropriation bills.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Before submit-
ting my motion to go into committee, T propose
to take from the Speaker's table two Senate bills
so as to have them referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
There being no objection, the following bill and
joint resolution were taken f m the Speaker's
table, severally read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means:
An act (S. No. 528) to amend an act entitled
" An act to provide for the better organization of
the Treasury, and for the collection, safe-keep-
ing, transfer, and disbursement of the public rev-
enue;" and
Joint resolution (S. No. 53) to prevent the
counterfeiting of the coins of the United States.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I now move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, with a view of taking up
the Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will an
amendment to that motion be in order?
The SPEAKER. It will not be in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I withdraw the
motion in order that I may submit a resolution to
terminate debate in fifteen minutes after the com-
mittee shall have entered on its consideration.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has the bill ever
been up in committee ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
bill has not been considered in committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then the debate
cannot be closed now.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I withdraw the
resolution, and insist on my motion to go into
committee.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wasii-
BvtiK, of Maine, m the chair.)
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
committee take up the House bill making appro-
priations for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending 30th of June,
1858.
Mr. WASIIBURNK, of Iljj ois. I move to
postpone the consideration of that bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit the ques-
tion of order, that the gentleman from Illinois
cannot make that motion. The rule expressly
gives the right to take up the appropriation bills.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is well
taken; and the question recurs on the motion of
the gentleman from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to; and the Post Office
appropriation bill was taken up.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to dis-
pense with the first reading of the bill, and that
it be read by clauses for amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to report
various amendments to this bill. At the time that
; the Committee of Ways and Means reported this
| bill we were compelled to report it in advance of
the estimates of the Department, for the reason
that there is a rule of the House requiring that
committee to report within thirty days of the
commencement of the session. After the esti-
mates were made these amendments were found
to be necessary. The bill was reported on the
24th of December and the estimates were received
on the 26th. The amendments are necessary in
order that the bill may conform to the estimates
of the Department.
The first amendment of the Committee of
Ways and Means was reported, as follows:
In the paragraph : " For transportation of the mails in-
land, i'S. 140,000," strike out "§6,140,000," and in lieu
thereof, insert" §'7,6-32,-247.''
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Chairman, perhaps it
is as well, inasmuch as no opportunity for dis-
cussion was given on the tariff question just dis-
posed of, to look back for a few moments at what
we have done by that bill. I believe it is in order
to discuss that or any other subject at this time.
I wish to say a few words for the consideration
of the country at large, as to the manner in
which that subject has been disposed of.
Early in this" session, when the tariff bill was
before the House, making a discrimination in the
duties upon different grades of wool, I collected
a mass of facts with reference to the effect of the
proposed discrimination. I sought information
from the importers with regard to the condition
of imported Wool. 1 arranged the information I
had procured with a view of presenting it to the
consideration of the House; hut before I obtained"
the floor, or the question was reached, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means substantially with-
drew their proposition, and submitted another,
providing for'a uniform duty of ten per cent, upon
imported wool. In that state of the case I made
the remarks which the committee heard some
days ago; but I omitted all mention of the effect
of the disci imin&tion I have already referred to.
A fter that speech was made, in that thimble-rig-
ginj style which has characterized this proceeding
throughout, that proposition was withdrawn and
the original one was substituted, and we were
then called on to vote for a measure which had
never been discussed. I had from importing
merchants the information, that of foreign wool
averaging eleven and one third cents per pound,
much of it, some seventy or eighty per cent, in
weight, was dirt, and that when cleansed four
pounds would only weigh one. Looking at that
fact 1 say that you have to-day passed a bill which
will permit wool to be imported nominally at fif-
teen,* which, when cleansed, is worth sixty cents
per pound. I will pay out of my own pocket all
the duties upon imported wool under this bill and
not be a sixpence the poorer at the end of the
year.
This proposition, then, is clearly an abandon-
ment of one of the leading agricultural interests of
the country; and it has been done by legerdemain,
not bv the votes of this committee; not by the
voles of the House, but by parliamentary trickery.
An amendment adopted in the Committee of the
Wh'ole on the state of the Union by a vote of two
to one, is ignored by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and he takes one
suggested by some outside manufacturer, and
comes here, imposes upon the committee and the
House, and compels them to take the bill with
that amendment, or to defeat the bill altogether.
Through that instrumentality the duty on wool
is practically abolished, and my colleague [Mr.
Campbell] is responsible for it. I want the
I country to know it.
