1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
795
The rule was read, as follows:
« No appropriation shall be reported in such general ap-
propriation lulls, or be in order as an amendment thereto,
for any expenditure not previously authorized by law."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds the amend-
ment to be out of order.
Mr. HAVEN. Inasmuch as the Chair has
announced its decision, and no appeal has been
taken, and as I learn the bill has been gone through
with, I move that the committee rise and report
the bill.
Mr. LANE. I desire to take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair ruling my amendment
out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The appeal comes too
late, in the opinion of' the Chair. The Chair
waited to recognize the Delegate from Oregon,
but he did not rise tj> take an appeal, and the Chair
recognized the gentleman from New York. But
the Chair hopes the gentleman will be allowed to
take an appeal.
Mr. LANE. I do take an appeal.
Mr. BOWIE. And I want the Chair to state
the grounds of his decision.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to the ap-
peal. It is too late.
Mr. II. MARSHALL. Mr. Chairman, I un-
derstand the Chair to decide against the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Oregon, upon the
ground that there is no law authorizing it. Now,
f understand that gentleman to assert positively
that there is a law for it. If that be the fact, then
the ground of objection to the amendment is re-
moved.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman to assert positively that there
was any such law, but that there was substan-
tially a law for it.
Mr. LANE. I say positively that there is a
law for it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand the
gentlerilan from Oregon to say that there is a route
established, but that the Postmaster General will
not put a mail upon it, and that this is to require
him to do it. I hold that it is not proper in this
appropriation bill to require the Postmaster Gen-
eral to put a mail upon any route.
Mr. SIMMONS. It is new legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state the
question. The gentleman from Oregon offered an
amendment upon which a question of order was
raised. The Chair decided the amendment to be
out of order. No appeal was taken. The Chair
waited to recognize the gentleman from Oregon
that he might take an appeal if he desired. The
Chair understanding that he did not wish to take
an appeal, recognized the gentleman from New
York, who moved that the committee rise. If the
committee are of the opinion that the Chair has
decided wrongfully, they will refuse to rise and
receive the appeal.
Mr. LANE. There is alawforthis route now
upon the statute-book.
Mr. TODD. Is debate in order?
Mr. LANE. I will offer my amendment in the
exact words of the law.
Mr. TODD. The Chair has decided the gen-
tleman's question to be out of order. No appeal
was taken from that decision. The gentleman
from New York then moved that the committee
rise. I insist that that is the motion now before
us, and that no debate is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's point of
order is not well taken. It is not in order to move
that the committee rise and report the bill so long
as an amendment is proposed.
Mr. BROOM. The gentleman from New York
moved that the committee rise and report the bill,
and then the gentleman from Oregon rose and took
an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. That is true. The motion
of the gentleman from New York cannot be re-
ceived if the gentleman from Oregon has an
amendment to offer.
Mr. HOUSTON. This difficulty can be easily
cleared away if the gentleman from Oregon will
withdraw his amendment, and renew it in the
words of the law. Then the.motion to rise and
report cannot be received.
Mr. LANE. Then I withdraw my amendment
with a view to renew it as suggested by my friend
from Alabama.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Chair ruled
the amendment out of order, and it is in the gen-
tleman's possession, and not in that of the com-
mittee.
Mr. LANE. I offer the following amendment
as an additional section:
Sec. 3. Jln&he it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and he is hereby, authorized to establish and
put in operation a semi-monthly mail, by sea, from San
Francisco, in the State of California, to Olympia, in the
Territory of Washington, touching at Humboldt Bay, Trini-
dad, and Crescent City, in the State of California, and Fort
Orford, Gardiner City or Umpqua, and Astoria, in the Ter-
ritory of Oregon, and Shoalwater and Port Townsend, in
the Territory of Washington, and at such other points as
shall be designated by the Postmaster General '.^Provided,
That the whole cost of said service shall not exceed the
sum of $125,000 per annum, which sum is hereby appro-
priated for that purpose.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I deem it due to myself and the
state of the public business to make it. The
gentleman from New York sent to the Chair a
law which is now in force. It has never been
repealed. The gentleman from Oregon proposes
simply to reenact it. Now, that is either legisla-
tion or nothing; because, if there be such a law
in existence, there is no necessity for additional
legislation. If there is no law in existence, then
it is independent legislation in direct violation of
the rules. And I say to the gentleman from
Oregon that I regret, if there is a necessity for a
mail service there, that the executive officer of
the Government has not done his duty. But we
cannot wait; and the gentleman from Oregon can-
not expect us to delay this appropriation bill
simply hecause an executive officer has failed to
discharge what the gentleman regards to be his
duty.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
the amendment, as it is now offered, is in order—
that it is in pursuance of existing law.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would respect-
fully suggest that the amendment is very differ-
ent from the existing law. The amendment re-
quires the steamers on the line to go into bays
and rivers along the coast in numerous places,
which are not specified in the original law which
was read.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is not strictly in order, as no appeal has
been taken from the decision of the Chair. The
gentleman from Oregon is entitled to the floor.
Mr. LANE. I earnestly hope that no member
of this committee will vote against that amend-
ment. It is due to the country upon that coast
that a mail should be carried semi-monthly be-
tween San Francisco and Olympia. As the mail
service now is, the people are cut off from all com-
munication, by mail facilities, with this country;
and not only that, but the Government is directly
and intensely interested in the transportation of
the mails by steam from San Francisco to Olym-
pia. You are aware of the difficulties growing
out of the Indian wars in that country during the
last two years. It has not been possible for the
troops operating under the command of the gen-
eral posted at San Francisco to receive the mails
in anything like reasonable time; for, instead of
the mails between San Francisco and Olympia
being carried in less than three days, as they
would be by the line provided for in this amend-
ment, under the present arrangement it takes from
two to three weeks; and the Government is paying
more money for carrying the mail by the round-
about way by which it is now carried, than they
would have to pay for delivering it direct by
steam. Justice to the people along that coast, to
Oregon, to California, to Washington, makes it
your duty to see that a mail service is put upon
that route. The interest of the Government of
the United States requires that it should be done.
I have some reason, sir, to complain of the
Postmaster General for not putting the service on
under the law as it now exists. He contracted
with some irresponsible man, who failed to put
on the service; and since then he has made no
effort to provide for it. And now he holds that
the law has expired, because it was a part of an
appropriation, bill which he could not act under.
I must say that, in the manner in which he has
discharged his duty, he has not been faithful to
the interests of the people upon that coast. It is
his fault, not mine. It is not the fault of the com-
mittee, or of the House; and I know that there
is no desire upon the part of the committee to
prevent a mail service being put on, which we
are bo justly entitled to.
I will now yield to my friend from Washing-
ton Territory to say a word about thia matter;
and also to the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Denver.] I appeal to the justice of every man
upon this floor. "We have received nothing in.
the way of legislation during the present Con-
gress, and do not expect to; but this mail ser-
vice we are entitled to. The Government needs
it; and no gentleman should prevent the adoption
of this amendment.
Mr. GREENWOOD. If I understand the prop-
osition of the gentleman froiji Oregon, it is this:
it is a reenactmentof the former act of Congress,
now upon the statute-book. This amendment
provides that the Postmaster General shall go on,
and contract for the serviee upon the particular
route specified in the bill, and makes an appro-
priation to carry it out.
Mr. LANE. Not to exceed $125,000.
Mr. GREENWOOD. The object is to require
the Postmaster General to put the existing law
into execution—to reenact the existing law, and
require mail servicc to be placed upon this route.
Mr. ANDERSON. As the terminus of this
route is in Washington Territory, I naturally feel
a great deal of interest in this amendment. I
wish to state a few facts in regard to the mail fa-
cilities of Washington Territory, and then let the
committee dispose of the amendment in view of
those facts.
In 1853 that Territory was set apart from the
Territory of Oregon. At that time, and for two
or three years previous, but one mail route was
in existence in that Territory, and that did not
exceed the distance of ninety miles—thirty of
which were performed in canoes, and sixty on
Indian ponies.
In 1853, but two or three years after the estab-
lishment of that route, the Territory of Washing-
ton was organized, and since that time notamail
route has been put in operation in that Territory.
At this very day there is but one mail route in
existence in that Territory, and it does not ex-
ceed ninety miles. It is carried thirty miles by
Indian canoes, and the balance on horseback.
There are seven counties organized,at which the
district courts of the United States are held. They
have been held for three years at Puget Sound,
to which there is not a mail carried by the Gov-
ernment. There were on that Sound, three years
ago, over one thousand votes cast; and yet not a
mail is carried beyond the old route established
some five years ago. The custom-house of the
United States there is eighty odd miles from any
post office; and the collector has to send that dis-
tance for his communications from the Depart-
ment at Washington. There are two military
posts on that Sound, one of them eighty-five
miles from any post office, and another one hun-
dred and sixty miles.
This law to which reference has been made
has been on the statute-book for the last two or
three years, and yet nothing has been done to
afford mail facilities to the people of the Terri-
tory. A contract was made, it is true, under that
law, with an irresponsible person, who never made
the first effort that I have ever heard of, to put
the mail service into operation; and after he failed
no other effort was made.
I only wish to state these facts, and hope tho
committee will take the matter into consider-
ation; for the people of Washington Territory
have had no more mail facilities for the last five
or six years than they had when the Territory
was a portion of Oregon, and contained only four
hundred inhabitants.
Mr. BOWIE. Do I understand the Chair to
have decided that putting in additional mail routes
is in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
that the amendment of the gentleman from Ore-
gon is in order.
Mr. BOWIE. Well, that is for an additional
mail route.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I offer the follow-
ing amendment to the amendment:
jProvided, That the cost of said service shall not exceed
by five times the net postage received from the Temtories
of Oregon and Washington.
I am perfectly willing, Mr. Chairman, to accord
to theseTerritoriesallreasonableaccommodation.
The proposition of the gentleman from Oregon re-
quires two steam lines a month, at the annual
expense of 0125,000. I ask that gentleman him-
