796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
self whether it is not unreasonable to require so
heavy an outlay for two communications a month
when one a month would suffice, and when they
would cost more than five Limes as much as the
postage revenue derived from them ? 1 think that
an allowance to the limit I have suggested ought
to satisfy the most exacting person.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 am opposed to the amend-
ment otiered by the gentleman from Virginia, .
because it is applying a rule to the Territories
which is not applied to the States. Here arc Ter-
ritories at great distance from the States, and are
we disposed to deny to them all communication
by mail routes ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him whether he knows a single
State in which such a difference as five to one
exists between the expenses and the postage ?
Mr. HOUSTON. The State of Virginia docs
not pay the amount that it costs for her mail
facilities.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Do you mean to
Bay not within five times?
Mr. HOUSTON. No; but if you allow the
Territories of Oregon and Washington to become
as old as the Slate of Virginia, I should not be
astonished if they should pay more postage into
the Post O/lice b< apartment than Virginia now
does. There is an error in the puhhc mind on
the subject, of postage. Take my own State, 1
where there are two or thne important trunk
lines of mail communication passing through it
to points beyond The contracts within the State
of Alabama are charged to the Stale us an ex-
penditure for its postal fueilitus. Those things
cannot bo regulated. Wo must judge of them
according to what we believe of their pistic**, and
according to our notions of propriety and lib-
erality. Now, t believe that this amendment is
out of order; but it has been decided to be in
order, and it is for the committee to vote upon it.
i ask those, gentlemen who represent tin* Slates
bordeiing on the Mississippi, the Ohio, and the
Missoui i rivers, how they can vole to appropriate
hundreds of thousands of dollars in a bill of
this sort to put daily mail communications on
these livers,and then piopose todenv ma'l facil-
ities to the.se Territories, u Inch are almost uf the
distance of n lifetime from us, when they have
no mail communication at ail? Here is the Del-
egate from Washington Tenitory who tills us
thai your custom-house then- is eighty miles u oni
a poM oflne. What a butk'.sqne '
Mr. DKNVKU. I hope, Mr. Chairman, that
there will be no .u-rious opposition to this amend-
ment. Tiiote is at present no regular mail setvice
from Sin I'Yaneisco to the Ilntir.h possessions,
comprising a coast of marly one thousand miles
inextent. There \.i a mail from San Francisco to
the mouth of the Columbia nu r, ut On gon, but
't is not regular; and from there noiih there is
none. Ail the communication that the people
have on th<d coast ia by transient vessels m the
Way of trade. I hope, therefore, \v ithouL further
trespassing on the tune of the committee, that
there will be no serious opposition to this. The
people require it, and it ought to be given.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 hope that this amendment
will be made to conform to the law as it was
passed before, with the proviso as it now stands
on the fstamte-book.
Mr. HOUSTON. "What is the proviso5
Mr. LETCflER. A very important one. The
proviso in the amendment is this:
ProridfiJ, That the whole com o! said service shall not
exceed the feimj o\" .■$!{;;, ,0U) per annum; which sum is
hereby asipiopmued lot uiai purpose, to be paul nut ol any
uieiH \ Hi the Tmawuiy not Otherwise appreciated.
The proviso in the bill is:
<{ I'Tonu''.}, Thai the contract tor the said service bo ad-
verted In the Po-tmuster General in pursuance of exiting
law.?, and lei to lite lowest buldcr: .rind pro ruled fuithrr,
That th«' whole ci-t of s;ud setvim* shall not exceed rhe sum
of pei annum: *4nd provided fuithcr, Tliat the
Postmaster (i.'iierai mav, it ho shall deem it for the puhhc
iinert,-t, loottact for said f-rmee with the lowest bidder as
aiore.^iid, under the adveii^ed proposals heretofore made
for mail sem  e between the points. atotesaul.M
Mr. HOUSTON". There is no objection to
that proviso.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask the gentleman from
Oregon if he will accept the amendment which I
suggest ?
Mr. LANE. Yes, sir.
The question was taken on Mr. Smith's amend-
ment; and it wai rejected.
Mr. BOWIE. I offer this amendment.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to a question of order.
It is evident that there is no quorum present.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks there
is a quorum present.
Mr. BOWIE. I otter the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
And that the Postmaster Genera' establish the following
pot,t routes: Fiom Allen's Fiesh,in Charles county, Maiy-
land, to Tompkuisvilie, in same county, thiee times a
week. Fioni Port Tobacco, m Chailes countv, Maryland,
to Mount 1'isgah, in same count}, three times a week.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is the amendment
of the gentleman from Oregon permissive or im-
perative ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Postmaster General
is authorized and directed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not under-
stand that the law is imperative, but permissive;
therefore this amendment is out of order.
Mr. LANE. My amendment is copied from
the law.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendmuut is not
exactly a copy of the law. The amendment di-
locts the Postmaster General to put mail service
on these routes; whereas the law only authorized
him to do it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then the Chair
rules the amendment out of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decided the
amendment out of order, but when it was m some
respects different fiom what it is now. The Chair,
finding the amendment provides for carrying out
existing law, thinks that it is perhaps m order.
Mr. LOWIE. I hove >\ few words to say on
my amendment. It provides for some small post
routes in my congressional district, which are of
great necessity. I feel interest in the matter, as
it affords additional mail facilities to my constit-
uents. It iy their will that these routes should
he established, and what is their will is my will.
I am in favor, too, of the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Oregon. I think it is the duty of the
Government to extend mail facilities to every part
of the (Tnton
M r. FLORENCE. I am compelled, by a sense
of duty, to make a point of order on tin* gentle-
man. f hold that his uniendmuntin notgermare,
or tn order to this lull. The post route bill, and
not the Post Office appropriation bill, is the one to
which itshould be presented and attached. I am
sure the committee will see the pertinency of my
objection. We ought not, at this late day of the
session, to trifle with the public time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chains of the opin-
ion that the point of order is well taken, and that
lhe* amendment is not in older.
Mr. NOW IK. 1 take an appeal from the decis-
ion i  f the Chair.
The question was taken on the appeal; and the
decision ofiheChaii was sustained.
Ah. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers
on Mr. Lanu's amendment.
Tellers were oidered; and Messrs. Talbott
and lluss weie appointed.
Mi. HOUSTON. If the gentlemen who con-
trol this bill will agree to put this amendment
upon the lull, and let it go into the House, then
there will be no evidence" of a want of a quorum
here. ["Agreed!" " Agreed!"] Let those who
oppose the amendment agree to let it be adopted,
and then they can have a vote upon it in the
House.
Mr. COLFAX. I object.
Mr. CAMP1JELL, of Ohio. J hope the com-
mittee will consent that the amendment may be
reported to the House, where we can take a vote
by yeas and nays upon it to-morrow. It is im-
portant to get this bill out of committee now.
Mr. MORGAN. I object. There will be no
objection on this side, if one word in the amend-
ment is omitted. That is the word "directed."
Air. IIAVEN. The committee will pardon me
for saying one word. Whether the word " di-
rected "is used or not makes no kind of difference,
because the business is not to be done unless it
can be done for $123,000. I think we had better
go into the House with it, and have a vote upon
it.
Mr. MORGAN. Put the amendment in the
precise language of the former law, and we shall
liave no objection.
Mr. HAVEN. Let me make one more effort
to dispose of this matter. Let me appeal to the
gentleman from Oregon to allow the word to be
changed, because it can make no kind of differ-
ence to him whether that word is in or not.
Mr. MORGAN. 1 understand that the form
in which we insist h shall be placed is the uni-
versal form in such cases, and we do not feel dis-
posed, in this case, to have it changed.
Air. DENVER. It is not the universal form.
The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman from Oregon will withdraw hisamendment,
and 1 will offer it to-morrow in the House, where
we may take a vote upon it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suggest to the
gentleman from Oregon, that one objection can
keep out the amendment jn the House, because
it makes an appropriation, and must therefore be
first considered in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOUSTON. I agree with the gentleman
from New York, that it is immaterial whether the
woid "directed" is retained or not, and I think
either side might yield to the other, and let this
bill progress.
Air. LANE. Then I am willing that the word
" directed" shall be stricken out.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
Air. CAAIPBELL, of Ohio. I now move that
the committee rise, and report the bill to the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee lose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Air. Washburn, of Maine,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly House bill (No. 636) making appro-
priations for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 1858; and had directed lum to report the
same to the House with sundry amendments, and
with iX recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved the previous
question upon the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
And then, on motion of Air. CAMPBELL, of
Ohio, (at five o'clock and ten minutes,) the House
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 21, 1857.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the first question
was upon the bill (H. R. No. 636) making ap-
propriations for the service of the Post Office De-
partment during the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1858, upon which tlie previous question
had been ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is a
bill upon the Speaker's table, (No. 453,) giving
to an old man one hundred arid twenty acres of
land, to which he was entitled by a former act. I
hope there will be no objection to taking it up and
putting it on its passage.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for the regular order
of business.
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. The previous
question has been ordered upon the appropriation
bill, and that must be attended to first.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, It maybe
taken up by unanimous consent.
Several Members objected.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed a bill of the
House (No. 367) for the relief of Mary B. Win-
ship, widow of Oscar F. Winship; and also that
it had passed bills and resolutions of the follow-
ing titles, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House:
A bill (S. No. 558) to authorize the Secretary
of the Interior to issue land warrants to Joseph
Chase, James Young, and Alexander Keef;
A bill (S. No. 522) explanatory of an act ap-
proved August 18, 1856, entitled " An act for the
relief of Adam D. Steuart and Alexander Randall,
executor of Daniel Randall;
A bill (S. No. 564) for the relief of John T.
Wright, owner of the steamer America;
