1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
797
A bill (S. No. 5G3) for the relief of Wjljiam W.
Belden, administrator of Ebenezer Be™n;
A bill (S. Wo. 536) for the relief of Henry-
Hubbard;
A bill (S. No. 520) for the relief of George
Phelps;
A bill (S. No. 541) for the relief of Daniel Am-
men, lieutenant United States Navy;
A biil (S. No. 538) to authorize an increase of
pension to Joseph Verbiski;
A bill (S, No. 546) authorizing Mrs. Jane
Smith to enter certain lands in the State of Ala-
bama;
A bill (S. No. 521) granting bounty land to
Mary Felch, widow of the Rev. Cheever Felch,
deceased;
A bill (S. No. 655) for the relief of J. Wilcox
Jenkins;
A bill (S. No. 532) for the relief of Catharine
Jacobs, of the Stale of New York;
A bill (S. No. 524) for the relief of Hiram
Paulding;
A bill (S. No. 526) for the relief of Commander
Thomas J. Page;
A bill (S. No. 519) for the relief of Matthew
G. Emery;
A bill (S. No. 539) for the relief of James G.
Benton, E. B. Babbitt, and James Longstreet, of
the United States Army;
A bill (S. No. 540) for the relief of Edward
Lloyd Winder, lieutenant United States Navy;
A biil (S. No. 542) for the relief of Lieutenant
Joshua D. Todd, United States Navy;
A bill (S. No. 507) for the relief of George
A. O'Brien;
A bill (S. No. 513) for the relief of Anton L.
. C. Portman;
A bill (S. No. 366) for the relief of John Ro-
gers;
A bill (S. No. 496) for the relief of James D.
Johnston;
A bill (S. No. 512) for the relief of William L.
Davidson;
A bill (S. No. 436) for the relief of Susanna T.
Lea, widow and administratrix of James Magle-
nenjate of the city of Baltimore, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 508) for the relief of the heirs-at-
law of Abigail Nason, sister and devisee of John
Lord, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 551) for the relief of Michael
Kinny, late a private in company I, eighth regi-
ment United States infantry;
A bill (S. No. 454) to confirm the title of Ben-
jamin E. Edwards to a certain tract of land in the
Territory of New Mexico;
A bill (S. No. 561) for the relief of Cranstoun
Laurie;
A bill (S. No. 552) for the relief of Jeremiah
Pendergast, of the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 554) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Charles Porterfield, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 559) for the relief of John P.
Brown;
A bill (S. No. 573) for the relief of Major Ben-
jamin Alvord, paymaster of the United States
Army;
A bill (S. No. 545) releasing to the legal repre-
sentatives of John McNiel, deceased, the title of
the United States to a certain tract of land;
A bill (S. No. 518) for the relief of John Shaw;
A bill (S. No. 457) for the relief of Thomas
Rhodes and Jeremiah Austill;
A bill (S. No. 4U1) for the relief of Robert Mc-
Conneli;
A bill (S. No. 429) for the relief of Maurice K.
Simons;
A bill (S.^ No. 413) to continue a pension to
Christine Barnard, widow of the late Brevet
Major Moses J. Barnard, of the United States
Army;
A bill (S. No. 611) to establish a port of de-
livery at Council Bluffs, in the State of Iowa;
A bill (S. No. 510) for the relief Joseph C. G.
"Kennedy;
A bill (S. No. 425) for the relief of Livingston,
Kincaid&Co.;
A bill (S. No. 517) for the relief of Elizabeth
Montgomery, heir of Hugh Montgomery;
Hei **0r l*ie re^e^ William
A bill (S. No. 610) to establish a port of de-
livery at Sioux City, in the State of Iowa;
, A joint resolution (S. No. 32) authorizing
Secretary of the Navy to pay to the officers
and seamen of the expedition in search of Dr.
Kane the same rate of pay that was allowed the
officers and seamen of the expedition under Lieu-
tenant De Haven;, and
A joint resolution (S. No. 45) to amend the
act entitled "An act for the relief of Frederick
Vincent, udm'nistrator of James Le Caze, sur-
vivor^of Le Caze and Mallet."
CALL OP THE HOUSE.
Mr. THORINGTON. It is evident that no
quorum is present, and I move that there be a
call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll of the House was then called; when
thefollowingnamed members failed to answer to
their names:
Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Barclay, Bell, Henry Bennett,
Benson, BiUmghum, Bingham, Bishop, Bowie, Cadwala-
der, Howell Cobb, Cullen,Cumback5Damrell, Elliott, Em-
ne, Eustis, Evans, Faulknei. Florence,Galloway, Gainett,
Giddings,Gilbert, Sampson W. Harris, Hanison, Herbert,
Hickman, Hoffman, Valentine B. Horton, Jevvett, J. Glancy
Jones, Kelly, King, Lindley, Alexander K. Marshall, Sam-
uel 3. Marshall, Killian Miller, Moore, Norton, Mordeeai
Oliver, Orr, Packer, Paine, Pelton. Pcttit, Phelps, Poiter,
Puryear, Iieade, Rivers, Roberts, Run, Seward, Simmons,
William It. Smith, Spinner, Stephens, Stranahan, Trippe,
Tjson, Undeiwood, Israel Washburn, Welch, and Wheeler.
Pending the call—
Mr. FULLER, of Maine, stated that he was
detained from the House yesterday by sickness
in his family; and that, had he been present, he
should have voted, on the tariff question, for the
proposition of thegentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Letcher.]
One hundred and sixty-one members having
answered to their names, by unanimous consent
all further proceedings in the call were dispensed
with.
BILLS REFERRED.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks the con-
sent of the House that private bills from the Sen-
ate upon the Speaker's table be taken up and
referred.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire that to be done; but
there is a bill there for the relief of Jedediah H.
Lathrop and his sureties, which I wish to retain
its place upon the Speaker's table, as I expect
some day to ask the House to go back to the
Speaker s table, and pass that bill.
The SPEAKER. It will be retained on the
table.
No objection being; made, the following bill and
joint resolution on tne Speaker's table were taken
up, read a first and second time, and disposed of
as indicated below:
An act (S. No. 527) for the relief of Captain
Alexander Montgomery, an assistant quarter-
master of the United States Army; referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
An act (S. No. 592) for the relief of Jefferson
Wilson, administrator, with the will annexed,of
John F. Wrav, deceased.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I ask that
that bill may be retained on the Speaker's table
for the present.
The SPEAKER. It will be so done at the
gentleman's request.
An act (S. No. 574) explanatory of an act enti-
tled " An act for the relief of Dempsey Pittman,,>
approved August 16,1856. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 47) authorizing the
payment of a certain expense incurred m the
repairs of the Congressional Library, under an
act of Congress approved March 10, 3852. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL. "*
The question recurred on the bill (II. R. No.
636) making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department during the fiscal yearend-
ing30th June, 1858, yesterday reported from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union .
with certain amendments, and with a recommend* j
ation that the bill as amended do pass. i
The question was taken on agreeing to the J
amendments; and they were severally agreed i
to. i
The biil was ordered to be engrossed and read j
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord- ,
ingly read the third time and passed.
t Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon- i
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and |
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
IMPEACHMENT OF JUDGE WATROUS.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of the following
resolution, reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary, and postponed to this day:
Resolved^ That John C. Wafrou*;, Umted Htate® district
judge for the district ol Texas, be impeached of high crimes
and misdemeanors.
Mr. BARBOUR. In that case of Judge Wat-
rous, the testimony was ordered to be printed*
but the printer has not yet concluded the work,
nor will it be ready for a day or two. I therefore
ask that the consideration of the subject be post*
poned till Friday next.
Mr. McMULLIN. I object.
Mr. BARBOUR. I ask that the special order
be postponed.
The SPEAKER. It has not been made a spe-
cial order, and cannot be made a special order
without unanimous consent.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I desire to say to the
House, that the reason why the testimony ordered
to be printed in this case has not yet been printed,
arises from the fact that the work of the special
investigating committee has engrossed the whole
time of the public printer. I therefore ask that
the special order be postponed until next Thurs-
day.
Mr. KNIGHT. Would it be in order to move
to lay this sublet on the table ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. KNIGHT. Then I move to lay it on the
table.
Mr. CASKIE. I appeal to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw that motion until I can
submit a proposition on this subject, which I
trust and believe will meet the general sanction of
the House.
Mr. KNIGHT declined to withdrawhismotion.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I now move fo postpone
the further consideration of this subject till this
day week.
Mr. BARBOUR. I accept that as a modifica-
tion of my motion.
Mr. CASKIE. I propose to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of this subject until the first
Monday in December next.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order;
and if so, the effect would be to postpone indef-
initely.
Mr. CASKIE. Well, sir, I hope I shall be
allowed to say a very few words in explanation
of the reasons why I desire to make that motion.
The SPEAKEfL The motion cannot be re-
ceived. The motion to postpone is, however,
debatable.
Mr. CASKIE. I believe, indeed I know, and
every member of this House knows, that it is
utterly impossible properly to consider the prop-
osition for the impeachment of Judge Watrous
during the present session of Congress. Although
it is true, as stated when this subject was last
before the House, that a memorial was presented
during the last session, asking for the impeach-
ment of Judge Watrous, yet it was presented a
very short time before the close of that session.
No action whatever was, or well could be, taken
upon it during that session. Although I do not
pretold to be accurate about dates, I behove I
may safely say, that the Judiciary Committee
were neither asked nor able to consider the testi-
mony presented in the case until some time in the
month of lost January—a period at winch if was
plainly impossible to mature and try the impeach-
ment.
Suppose we were to impeach Judge Watrous,
the House of Representatives must necessarily
appoint managers to conduct the trial before the
Senate, and they should be members of the House
of Representatives. Now, there is only a veiy
small propo-tion of the present House elected to
the next Congress. Not one single member of
the Committee on the Judiciary, who reported
in favor of this impeachment, a member eh^'t
of the next Congress And it seems to me that
it is more than a courtesy due to the next House
of Representatives, who will have to present and
manage and sustain the accusation, that they
should have an opportunity of investigating its
