796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
merits before they are called upon to enter upon
so solemn an act as that of sanctioning and main-
taining: the impeachment of one of the judges of
the United States. And I do not think that we
ought, at the very heel of the session, and of
the Congress, to prefer articles of impeachment
against this judge, leaving the responsibility of
conducting our impeachment to the next House
of Representatives, and debarring that House the
privilege of passing upon the propriety and jus-
tice of the impeachment.
Another reason which I will give against the
adoption at this time of the resolutions reported
by the Committee on the Judiciary, is the absolute
impossibility, in the present state and pressure
of the business before the House, of giving the
subject that mature and deliberate consideration
which a subject of such importance demands.
In the case of Judge PecK—the proceedings in
which are, in my judgment, a model in respect
to cases of impeachment—the articles of impeach-
ment against him were adopted after full deliber-
ation, and an elaborate discussion of the question
by some of the ablest intellects that ever adorned
this Hall. Sir, it is a grave and solemn thing for
the House of Representatives to prefer articles of
impeachment against a judge of the United States
lor high crimes and misdemeanors. It is not to
be entered upon " unadvisedly or lightly," and
action taken upon such a subject should only be
after the strictest scrutiny and most thorough
sifting of the law and evidence in the case. Pur-
sue that course, and you give dignity and weight
to any accusation you may make. You protect
the rights of the accused, and serve the interest
of the community.
In this case I am justified in saying that its
proper consideration requires a careful examina-
tion of very voluminous record evidence. The
case against Judge Watrous is not one which can
be presented in a sentence, much less can it be
duly examined and considered in any such time
as this House has now* to devote to it. A trial
during the present session all know to be an im-
poSKihihty r I would further say, that while I do
not claim that it is absolutely incumbent upon a
committee charged with the consideration of a
memorial praying an impeachment, to give notice
to the person against whom the charges are pre-
ferred, and allow him an opportunity to cross-
examine witnesses before them, I do hold that
such is evidently the fair and judicious course to
pursue.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind the
gentleman that the question of postponement does
not open the general question of impeachment.
Mr. CASK.II2. I am not opening that question.
I am giving reasons why this subject thould be
postponed; and one of the reasons I shall urge is,
that Judge Watrous lias had no notice from the
committee of their proceedings, lie has had no
opportunity of appearing before the committee,
lie has had no opportunity of examining wit-
nesses, fir of making any statement or explanation
in reference to the record evidence which has been
adduced before the committee against him.
I was going on to say—when interrupted by
the Speaker—that when an impeachable offrnsc
was charged upon Judge Peck, and referred to
the then Committee on the Judiciary, composed
of such men as James Buchanan, George Mc-
Dufiie, and Philin P. Harbour—I Uichanan being
at the head of the committee—he was notified
by the chahman of the committee that he/night
answer the charge in writing, or appear before the
committee, and defend himself. The opportunity
was given lum of cross-examining witnesses, of
winch opportunity he availed himself.
In what (looking to the interest it excited,and
the va.st amount of genius and learning engaged
in it) may be well called the gieat leading case
of impeachment m the history of the world—that
is Warren Hastings—the accused appeared at the
bar of the House of Commons and there con-
fronted Ins accusers; and if I am not mistaken he
was permitted to introduce witnesses before the
House of Commons to meet the charges that were
preferred against him. He was fully heard in his
own defense; and one of the articles of impeach-
ment proposed against him the Commons de-
clined to send to the Lords.
Now, sir, I wish it to be distinctly understood,
that when I made the proposition to dismiss this
proposition from the present Congress, I was not,
and am not, insensible of the gravity of thecharges
which have been preferred against Judge W atrous.
I am in favor of the most thorough and searching
investigation of them that can be instituted*, and
it is only because such an investigation cann-ot
possibly be made by the present Congress that
I submitted the motion that I did. It has, how-
ever, been ruled out of order. And, sir, I wish
it to be distinctly understood that the Iftotion
which I now submit, to postpone this subject to
the 3d of March next, is actuated by the same
motives which induced my first motion. I ac-
company it by the declaration that I desire to
indicate to the next House of Representatives,
that, in our judgment, the case of Judge Watrous
demands the most prompt, earnest, and persever-
ing investigation at their hands—that we postpone
it not only because they can manage it better than
we can, but because it is utterly impossible for
us to do justice to it.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I do not desire to take up
the time of the House in any lengthened discus-
sion; but I desire to say, in reply to the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Caskie,] that in 1803 Judge
Pickering was presented by the House for im-
peachment in trie last week of the last session
of that Congress. He was declared liable to im-
peachment, and a resolution was passed to im-
peach him. The matter went over to the next
Congress; but was then taken up, and Judge Pick-
ering was impeached and discharged from office.
That is a precedent in favor of the action pro-
posed by the Committee on the Judiciary, that
this House shall prefer articles of impeachment
against Judge Watrous; and if we have not
time—and perhaps we will not—to consider them,
then they will go over to the next Congress. "We
have our hand in with reference to these personal
delinquencies. We have the subject before us in
more ways than one. I trust that the motion to
postpone to the 3d of March will not prevail, but
that the motion that this subject he postponed
until Saturday next will be adopted.
Mr. BARHOUR. I have nothing to add to
what the gentleman from New York has said. 1
hope the House will not take up time in discuss-
ing this matter now, but postpone it until this
day week.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I want to suggest to
the House that after what has occurred here, after
the House has chosen to order the printing and
publication of the testimony taken in the absence
of the party accused, I do not know of any mode
in which we can begin to repair the injustice we
may have done, unless it is by ordering an im-
peachment of this judge. If f were the man, or
one of his friends, I would demand an impeach-
ment. The House, by ordering the printing and
publication of the testimony in this case, have
done this man as much injury as can be done to
him, unless the Senate choose to impeach him
and dismiss hirn fiom the bench. The call for
the previous question will, as I understand, cut
off the motion to postpone and bring the House
to a direct vote on the proposition to impeach;
and I think, therefore, that the previous question
had better be called, and the House, in the ab-
sence of all light, and all chance to this man to
defend himself, prefer articles of impeachment
against him.
Mr. READY. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say,
in addition to what has been said by my friend
from Kentucky, that while I have no right to
speak by authority in behalf of Judge Watrous,
yet 1 understand, from sources which I think are
entitled to confidence at least, that Judge Wat-
rous desires an investigation upon the charges
Tghich have been preferred against him in view '
of what has occurred upon the subject. While
he professes, as i am aavised, to feel himself per-
fectly able to meet and refute the charges which
have been prefeued against him, yet justice to
himself requires that he should not only be will-
ing to an investigation, but that he should demand
it; and, therefore, in pursuance of the suggestion
made by my friend from Kentucky, I call for the
previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, Thope the gen-
tleman will not insist on his call for the previous
question, because I do not think gentlemen will
place themselves in the attitude of voting on this
question until they have seen this testimony. I
hope the motion to postpone until Saturday next
will prevail.
Mr, SANDIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I really hope
that thel5o;use will not hesitate as to the adoption
of the motion to postpone. I trust the House will
not take up and seriously entertain a proposition
for impeachment until the evidence has been
printed and laid upon our desks. I call for the
previous question on the motion to postpone.
The SPEAKER. The call for the previous
question is not in order on the motion to post-
pone.
Mr. &UITMAN. Gentlemenwhohavespoken
on this subject seem to have looked at it in two
points of view merely—the effect of our proceeding
upon the character and reputation of Judge Wat-
rous, and the respect we ought to pay to the re-
portof our own committee. Cut there is another
point of view in which this matter should be
regarded, to which I alluded several days ago. I
know nothing of these parties, and nothing of the
circumstances. I have neither seen nor heard the
testimony. I look at this investigation with refer-
ence to the public interests and to the public
policy. We all know that it is impossible to make
this investigation at the present Congress without
consuming our whole time; and we all know that
there is a portion of this House who are not dis-
posed to vote that articles of impeachment shall
be preferred until the party accused shall have
been heard before a committee of this House. I
will not, for one, consent to vote for the proposi-
tion in any shape, however it may affect the pri-
vate character of an individual, or however strong
a ease may appear from the ex parte evidence, until
I hear what the party accused has to say in his
defense. Upon his answer, if he does not entirely
remove the probabilities of the case, shown by the
ex parte testimony, then I will be willing to agree
to articles of impeachment against him. I hope,
then, in view of all these circumstances, that this
matter will be postponed to the last day of the
session, and then be permitted to passover to the
next session.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not see that any object
is to be accomplished by postponing this matter.
Wednesday next will oe taken up by another
matter of interest here, a matter which must
necessarily run beyond the day to which it is
proposed to postpone this case. I think, there-
fore, we had as well dispose of it now as upon
Saturday next. There will be little opportunity
between this time and then to examine the report,
and the evidence in connection with it. We shall
probably not be better informed then than we are
now, and it is pretty nearly certain that when
Saturday next comes there will be as little prob-
ability of action as there is at this time.
Mr. CASKIE. I do not know that the motion
I made (which was not the one I preferred) suffi-
ciently accords with the object I have in view,
and which I explained in my remarks to the
House. I am satisfied that the result I desire
will eventually be attained; and, for the present,
I will withdraw my motion.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bar-
bour's motion as modified, and it was agreed to.
So the further consideration of the subject was
postponed until Saturday next.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I now call
up for consideration the report of the Committee
of Elections upon the Kansas contested-election
case, which was postponed until to-day.
The resolution of the committee was read, as
follows:
Resolved, That John W. Whitfield is not entitled to a seat
in this House as a Delegate from the Territory of Kansas,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. As I under-
stand it, the question now is upon the adoption
of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. It is upon agreeing to the
resolution.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I stated the
other day, when this question was postponed
until to-day, that it would be my purpose to
bring the House to a vote as soon as it would be
proper to do so. I have no inclination or dispo-
sition to prevent the gentleman from Kansas, the
sitting Delegate, or any member of the minority
of the committee, from addressing the House upon
the subject, but still my purpose is to call the
previous question as soon as I can with propri-
ety. I now state that I will, with the consent of
the gentleman from Kansas, and the minority of
