1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
80P!
Mr. DOUGLAS. My friend from Alabama is
mistaken in saying that it has not been done at
the South. I remember well that I served some
years ago on the Committee of Elections in the
House of Representatives <vhen there was a con-
tested seat between Mr. John W. Jones and Mr.
John M. Botts; and it turned out that Mr. Jones
had received some eighty-nine votes, I think, of
foreigners unnaturalized according to the laws of
the United States, but who were legal voters ac-
cording to the laws of Virginia. There certainly
was a class of persons in Virginia, who, under
her laws, were allowed to vote, although they
were not naturalized citizens of the United States,
and they did vote in that election between Jones
and.Botts under the law of Virginia, authorizing
them to bccome voter*, although they were not
citizens of the United States according to the laws
of the United States. It was under some special
law. The impression is on my mind firmly, be-
cause I was on the committee that investigated
this question.
Mr. HUNTER. Virginia, as you well know,
Mr. President, has a naturalization act of her
own, making citizens of Virginia; or prescribing
the qualifications on which persons shall be cit-
izens of the State of Virginia; but the provisions
of that act are quite as stringent as those of the
United States.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is the very point. Vir-
ginia prescribes who shall be citizens of Virginia,
and in some cases lias not confined the right of
voting to citizens of the United States. That is
just what Michigan did when she came into the
Union with a constitution providing that all citi-
zens of the United States should be permitted to
vote, and also, all other persons who were inhab-
itants of the State at the time of the adoption of the
constitution. By that constitution, Michigan made
those other inhabitants who had not been natu-
ralized, but possessed certain specified qualifica-
tions, citizens of the State of Michigan, although
they were not citizens of the United States. That
is precisely what we did in Illinois under the old
constitution. We allowed all unnaturalized for-
eigner who possessed certain qualifications to
vote in that State,although he had not become a
citizen of the United States; in other words, we
made him a citizen of the State of Illinois, and
authorized him to vote at our elections, notwith-
standing the fact that he had not complied with
the law of Congress in regard to citizenship.
That is all Virginia has done, and I believe it is
only in limited cases.
But, sir, I did not wish to open a debate on
this subjcct. I referred to the Virginia case only
for illustration. The simple question here is,
shall we authorize the present legal voters of Min-
nesota to vote for the election of delegates to form
a State constitution ? I hope the amendment will
not be adopted.
Mr. BitODHEAD. Mr. President, the point
now before us was much considered when the
Kansas-Nebraska bill was before the Senate. At
that time, the distinguished Senator from Dela-
ware, now no more, moved what was called the
Clayton amendment, which confined the right of
voting in Kansas and Nebraska to citizens of the
United States. That amendment was adopted;
and the Ivansas-Nebraska bill went down to the
House of Representatives. It came back with
the Clayton amendment stricken out, and with a
clause allowing aliens, who had not become cit-
izens of the United States, but who had declared
their intentions to bccome citizens, to vote. The
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Pear.ce] then re-
newed the Clayton amendment. I am the only
Senator on this floor from the northern States,
who sustained that amendment when it was first
offered, and the only one who supported it when
it came back from the House of Representatives.
Other gentlemen who concurred with me when
the vote was originally taken before that bill went
down to the House of Representatives, feeling
exceedingly anxious to have the bill passed,
waived their objection to that partof it, and voted
for the entire bill as the House passed it. I voted
to restore the Clayton amendment; but it was not
carried. The proposed amendment failed; and I
then voted for the bill.
Now, sir, what is the real question presented
to us? It is this: Does not the right to vote per-
tain to citizenship? Wc are definiug the rights
of voters in the Territory of Minnesota by this
bill, as I understand it. We, the Congress of
the United States, propose to say who shall vote.
There is a constitutional provision on this subject
which I will read. The Constitution confers on
Congress power—
" To establish a uniform rule of naturalization and uni-
form laws on the subject of bankruptcies throughout the
United States."
Congress has established a uniform rule of
naturalization; it is now upon the statute-book.
Are we to depart from it, and are we prepared to
say that the right to vote pertains to any other
person than a citizen of the United States? Does
not the right to vote pertain to citizenship? That
was theearly construction of the Constitution, and
the early practice of the Government in making
Territories. The celebrated ordinance of 1787,
organizing the Northwest Terriory prior to the
adoption of the Constitution, contained this pro-
vision. The Southwestern Ter-ritory was after-
wards organized with a similar provision.
Mr. PUGH. Do I understand the Senator to
say that the ordinance of 1787 contained such a
provision ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I will read what it con-
tained:
" Provided, That no person be eligible or qualified to act
as a Representative unless he shall have been a citizen ot
one of the United States three years, and be a resident in
the District, or unless he shall have resided m the District
three years; and in either case he shall likewise hold in his
own right, in fee-simple, two hr.n5.cd a«-ic> of land Within
the same: Provided also, That?' fieeho'dof firty acres of
land in the District, having been a citizen of one of the
States, and being resident m the District, oi the like freehold
and two years3 residence in the District, shall be necessary
to qualify a man as an elector of a Representative."
Congress then conferred the right of suffrage
only upon citizens who had a stake in the Gov-
ernment. In 1808 Congress passed an act in
regard to Mississippi, which not only required
citizenship, but a certain amount of pioperty as a
qualification for voting. In lSi'3 Congress author-
ized the people of the Territory of Michigan to
elect a Delegate to Congress, and then a slight
departure took place, but still not so great as this
bill now proposes. That act, in its second sec-
tion, provided:
u That every free white male citizen of said Territory
above the age of twenty-one years, who shall have resided
therein one year next preceding an election, and who <ball
have paid a countv or territonal tax. shall he entitled to
vote at such election for a Delegate to the Congress of the
United States, in such manner, and at such times and
places, as shall be prescribed by the Governor and judges
of said Territory.J'
In 1838 Congress organized the Territories of
Wisconsin and Iowa. The territorial law passed
for Iowa is in the same language as the Wiscon-
sin bill. The fifth section of both bills contained
this significant proviso:
" Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That every free white
male citizen of the (jnited States above the age 'jfiwenty-
ono vear<. who shall have been an inhabitant of said T  r-
ritory at the time of its organization. sh"ll be entuU-d to
vote at the first election, and shall be eligible to any office
within said Territory; but the quahtk-alions of voters at all
subsequent elections &hall be such aj shall be dotemnn'd
hy the Legislative Assembly : Prondci. Tk'd the right <-f
sujftage shall be exercised only by ci'izew, of the Civic J
&tatec'.,,
In the law organizing the territorial government
of Utah, passed in 1850, then, is this proviso;
"Provided, That the right of ^ufT.ase. and of holding
office, shall be exeicised oniv bv citizens of the t'nmd
States, including tho«e recognized a> citizens by the tiuaty
with Mexico, concluded February 2, iS45."
So that the weight of congressional authority
is in favor of the position I assume, which is. that
the right to vote pertains to citizenship: and that
we have no right under the Constitution to confer
it on any other class of persons. I know that the
doctrine of squatter sovereignty is by some carried
to a great extent, so that they are ready to author-
ize almost any person by act of Congress to voce
in a Territory; but when I am called upon to pre-
scribe the qualifications of a voter, I do not feel
at liberty to go further than the people of my own
State have gone in their constitution. My State
confines the right of voting to citizens of the Uni-
ted States.
The Clayton amendment, to which 1 have al-
luded, was introduced and discussed here befotc
the American party, as it is called, or the Know
Nothing party, came into existence. At that time
I was the only Senator on this floor from the free
States who supported what was called the Clay-
ton amendment, and the position that the light
to vote pertains to citizenship. I am one of three
from the free States who, in the House of Repre-
sentatives, originally opposed what was called the
Wilmot proviso. It is not the first time I have
undertaken to stand alone in favor of great prin-
ciples that I believe to be right.
I am in favor of the amendment proposed
the honorable Senator from North Carolina. 1
propose to confine the riglit to vote to citizens of
the United States, under that clause of the Con-,
stitution which says that wc. have the right to
pass a uniform rule of naturalization. Having
adopted a uniform rule, we should adhere to it if.
we wish to adhere to the Constitution.
Mr. BROWN. I rise, sir, to express my hearty
concurrence in what has been so well said by the
Senator from Pennsylvania. I think the time has
corne when we should exercist a little more cau-
tion in conferring the right of suifrage upon un-
naturalized persons. When the Clayton amend-
ment to the Kansas bill was before the Senate,
of which my friend from Pennsylvania has just
been speaking, I favored it, and I was one of
seven who stood out for it to the last; and such
was my conviction of its propriety, that I was
almost ready to sacrifice the whole bill on that
point.
Nor does it weaken the force of my convictions,
to be told that Virginia and Michigan and other
States have allowed unnaturalized foreigners to
exercise the right of suffrage. Suppose they have
done so, Congress has no power to say that they
shall act otherwise; bit#when we come to act for
ourselves, the proposition becomes a very differ-
ent one. Ls the Congress of the United States to
be governed m its action by the example set by
any State of this Union? That Virginia has the
right to say within her limits who shall vote is
true beyond all question. Whether she ought
to permit an unnaturalized foreigner to vote is
altogether a differr-nt proposition; and so of other
States. But the man who votes within the limits
of Virginia affects most materially the rights of
Virginia; he votes under the authority of the State
within whose limits he votes; but when you
confer on this class of people, by the act of the
Federal Government, the authority to vote in a
Territory, you set an example to the States, each
within its limits, to confer like privileges on this
class of persons.
I do not know that I quite concur with my
friend from Pennsylvania on the point that you
have no constitutional power to do this; I do not
know that I am prepared to go quite so far as he
goes on that question; but on the point of its
expediency, in every possible sense in which the
question can be presented, my mind is entirely
free from all doubt. A man who votes in refer-
ence to the organization of a State—who Fettles
the institutions of an infant State just coming
into the Union, affects not only the rightsofthat
State, but tue rights of ull the other States; he
adds a new member to the Confederacy—he aids
in bringing two more votes on this floor. If he
does not think well enough of the cor-ntry to have
shown his allegiance to its Constitution and to its
laws, what business has he, and upon what prin-
ciple ought he to be allov.xd, to take an active
participation m molding the institutions of a new
member of the Confederacy r If he desire to vote,
let him make himself a citizen, in the manner
presenbod by the laws passed m obedicnce to
your Constitution. If his heart is in faiheiiand—
if he is so much devoted ro the land of Irs birth
thut he will not lake thi oath of nice, and
will not take the prepa.'utu; \ steps to make him-
ot.If a citizen of the c.'uintr-? , I maintain that he
ought to have nothing to C.o with this Govern-
ment. the makt.'ig of :ts htv-.-, or the shaping of
the institutions of ini'trl Sintes.
I did not rise, sir. to u:.-ei^s this question at
length, batto say to r.iyf, i-nii from Illinois, that
I stand now a* I dtU on the Kansas bill; and never
shall mv vote be for any I'd! which author-
izes unnaturalized foreigners io vote under an act
of Congress 1 tiand prepared to vote for the
admisb.on of new States into the Union; but I
w;H stand h re tnl doomsday to rccord my vote
against tlu-n admission, if this provision is to be
retained in the bill.
Nobody will suspect me of having any sort of
sympathy with the modern Know Nothing party.
1 despise their doctrines as much as anybody does;
but I like justicc; I want to see full and impartial
justice meted out to our own people; and when
