WW
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
tfre foreigner has qualified himself according to
the laws of the country to vote, I would be the
last to interfere with him in the exercise of that
right. But to take up people who do not speak
our language, who do not even seek to speak it,
and confer on them a general privilege to vote in
elections in the Territories, and in tne formation
of new States, in my judgment is a trifling with
the institutions of the country that ought not to
be tolerated; especially ought it not to be toler-
ated here. There may be in this Territory Nor-
wegians, who do not read one word of English—
who could not ask for a loaf of bread to save them
from starvation, in our language. What a mock-
ery, and what a trifling with sacred institutions
is it to allow such people to go to the polls and
vote ! Who does not know that they are led up
like cattle to the ballot-boxes, and vote as they
efre told to vote ? That a wooden machine would
perform the service as intelligently, if the crank
was properly turned, is true beyond all question.
The genius of your laws, the spirit of your Con-
stitution, is that these people should stay here
long enough to learn something of your institu-
tutions belore they rake an active participation m
making your laws. As 1 said before, 1 did not
rise to discuss the question at length.
Mr. BCLL, of Tennessee. I think the ques-
tion presented hjr the amendment offered by the
Senator from North Carolina isa great deal more
important in its bearing thfui hy its terms it would
seem to be, limited as they^re to the single point,
whether it is expedient or proper that Congress
should authorize aliens or foreigners flbt natural-
ized, in the Territory of Minnesota, to vote in
the election of delegates to form a State constitu-
tion. The question goes much further: it involves
the question, whether a State has the right or
constitutional power to concede the right of suf-
frage upon a class of inhabitants not recognised
as citizens of the United States by the Constitu-
tion*, or in other words, whether the States hnve
the right or power to confer the rrjht of suflVo^e
upon aliens or persons who are not citizens of
the United States, either by birth or according to
the naturalization laws.
If the question were only whether we should
authorize the inhabitants of the Territory of Min-
nesota, or any portion of them, natives, or for-
eigners not naturalized, to vote for delegates to
form a State constitution. 1 should care compar-
atively little about, it, or how ii may bo decided.
It is the deeper question, in regard to the power
of the States, which I consider as of any great
importance. I wim worry to hear the honorable
Senator from Mississippi, LVJr. f)nowts\] as I
undfrsiotxl him, concede the point, thai Min-
nesota, when once erected into a Sta e, \v< nld
frave the right to p.^s-M-ibe •< qualification of elect-
ors at her own discretion, unconiiolhd either by
the letter or the .spirit of the Constitution of th*"
United States if that be the true doctrine, there
is very little interest remaining in this question;
because the right of suffrage given by Territorial
Legislatures, or by Comrress, to ahen residents
in Territories, is   transient evil, which soon
passes aw«iy.
The inhabitants of the Territories, whether
natives or alums, have no < j^ht to vote in the elec-
tions which control the policy ond the adminis-
tration ot this Government. Therefore, no grent
extent of injury can arise fVoni nllowinjy them 'o
vote. But ii is u dilferejitquestion when we pro-
pose to concede the power, as I understand it lo
be conceded bvthe honorable Senator from Mis-
sissippi to each Wmte, to prescribe the qu<ihfi'-i-
tions oi vote}s wnhin its own limits, independent*
of any restriction in the Constitution of the Uni-
ted Sfa'e^.
The hononbh Senatorlrcun Ilhrom [ Mr. Dor<r-
LAi] asked very properly, whot great nn^ch.ef
could an.se I'midi the concision of the right of
suffrage t«  ai'ejis in '.lie Teriitoryof Minnesota?
He said that none had .heretofore arisen in Min-
nesota or m any other Teintory, i agree with
him, the: no gieat misehief has arisen, or proba-
bly v-'oukt <.wis" ftom < <>needuic;yu':.h a right to the
inhabuanf« of Tern tot ies; but I affirm that is en-
tirely a diti'Tout question when we come to con-
sider tlu powt r to the Leu is Lit ures of the different
States of the Union to prescribe the qualifications
of electors.
I do net mean to occupy many minutes of the
lime of the Senate in discussing this question; but
i I desire to review briefly the points which may
deserve consideration upon the subject. At- the
i close of the revolutionary war, and during the
j few years that intervened before the Consti-
i tution was framed, all the free inhabitants, resi-
| dents of the recent colonies, and afterwards of
j the independent States, being, with a few excep-
: tions, such as had been residents of the country
'■ during the period of the revolutionary war, were'
i regarded by the frumers of the Constitution as
! citizens, entitled to all the privileges of citizens
| of the United States, whether they chanced to
' have been born withm them, or had only acquired
that privilege by residence, no matter for what j>e-
; riod; and tney were so regarded by the provis-
j ions of that instrument. The only exception to
the general rule thus adopted, was, that none but
native born citizens, or foreigners having been
i residents for a prescribed term of years, should be
1 eligible to certain*high offices or political stations
under the Government. The first provision in
! the Constitution having a bearing upon this ques-
tion is the following in the second section of the
! first article:
" The Jlouse of Representatives shall be composed of
; mem ben chosen every second jear by ihe people of the
, several States; and the electors m each State shall have
] the (juali.i ••atiu.H t< f|iu>iie for electors of the most nujnor-
I ous branch of the .Stare Legislature."
What was the intention or meaning of that pro-
: vision. Not certainly to confer the power upon
\ the States, for all time to come, to determine, each
i for itself, who should become a citizen within its
: limits, or according to its policy, and thus bpcome
! entitled to all the privileges and immunities of
j citizens in the several States. There wasa neces-
| sity for making some distinct provisions upon the
j subject of the mode of choosing Representatives
| to Congress by the several States, because it was
| kn©wn that in some of the States a very limited
.j class of inhabitants among those who were recog-
j! nized as aliens had the right to vote in the elec-
jj tions of members of their respective Legislatures;
j' and m some the electors for one branch had no
j. voice in i he election of the other or higher branch.
It was important to lay down some general rule,
1 and thin was done in the cl.iuse I have quoted. We
1 know, sir, that in your own honored State, in
, North Carolina, and I do not know in how many
i other of the old States, there was a property qual-
1 ification required to vote for members of one or
of both branches of the Legislature. The clause
| in the Constitution referred to, undoubtedly was
! intended to provide simply a rule by which all
j uncertainty would he avoided as to the electors in
, the several" States, who should choose Represent-
| ativep in Congu ss.
J But tli" framers of the Constitution, foreseeing
the confusion and other misohievousresnIts which
t in time would arise from allowing each. State to
! determine for itself the rule or conditions upon
; which foreigners or aliens should be admitted to
the important privileges of citizenship, wisely
; provided that Congress should have the power to
i " establish a uniform rule of naturalizationand
j this powcrOongress exercised at a very early day
' after the adoption of the Constitution.
j There has heretofore been some irregularity in
j the practice of Congress upon this Subject, in the
! establishment of territorial governments; and
. there here been some gross violations of the Fed-
i eral Constitution in the practice of a few of the
; States; but these irregularities in the policy of
! these States in granting political rights to aliens,
| or fore.gners not naturalized, though acquiesced
; in by tiie other States and by Congress for a long
; tune without complaint, because the mischicfs of
such irregularities were not felt as a grievance, does
; not clothe them with constitutional authority.
' It is said that there is a law of Virginia confer-
| ring citizenship upon aliens, under certain strin-
; gent conditions, who have not been naturalized
1 according to the law of Congress It is of very
i little weight with me what the law of the State
, of Virginia may be, or may have been, on that
I subject. Whether it falls only a little 'short of
| conformity with the spirit or requirements of the
| acts of Congress regulating the subject, or is in
j perfect compliance with the principles of these
| acts, it is all one. if the Legislature of the State
of Virginia has given the right of suffrage to aliens
since Congress exercised the power given to it by
the Constitution over this subject, it is, in my
opinion, a clear violation the Constitution;
and no power of this kind can be set up by pre-
scription by Virginia-or any other State.
I believe that Virginia is not the only State that
sets up this pretension to clothe aliens, not nat-
uralized according to the laws of the United
States regulating thai subject. If I am not mis-
informed, the State of Illinois has at some period -
since she became a State, if she does not now,
confer all the privileges of citizenship, including
the right of suffrage, upon aliens or foreigners
resident within her territories—makingelectors in
choosing members of Congress and Presidents of
the United States.
I have heard it argued by gentlemen on this
subject, that there is no great importance belong-
ing to the question; that no small number of
aliens or foreigners, who may be admitted under
the legislative authority of one or more States as
electors, can have any effect on the policy of this *
country—any control over its institutions—any
significant or potential voice in public affairs. I
differ very much from gentlemen who hold these
sentiments. In quiet times, and under ordinary
circumstances, a small number of such electors
! might have no weight or influence to be depre-
, cated; and it was in such times, and when the
j emigration to this country had not been so large
as to impress the minds of the people as to the
consequences of alio wing these privileges to aliens
and foreigners, that those irregularities and un-
constitutional enactments of State legislation had
their birth, to which allusion has already been
made. Until a comparatively recent date, the
subject has not received much attention: but the
times are very much changed, and the circum-
stances of the country are very much changed of
late.
I repeat, this question has becomo one of the"
greatest importance. .When gentlemen tell me
that it is of very little conscquencc, and can give
rise to no great mischief in the future operations
of our Government to allow foreigners not natu-
ralized to vote m elections, I beg to say they are
mistaken ^ It is said that ail the inhabitants of a
State, whether native or foreign, whether natu-
ralized or not, are enumerated in apportioning
the representation of the States in the House of
Representatives of the United States. True, sir;'
but that does not affect the question. Suppose
that there shall happen to be in any State, at the
time when an election of a President is to take
place, a few thousand foreigners, or any number
varying from one thousand to fifty thousand, or
even one hundred thousand—and the immigration'
in some years making it possible that even that
large number may be concentrated in one State—
and suppose further,that parties may be so divi-
ded in that State that the foreign vote, whatever
it may be, could secure the election of either,
would not the foreign vote in that case decide the
contest in that State? And wc know that it often
happens that one or a few States control the result
of a presidential election.
Look at the condition of parties as they now
exist in this country as now organized. I do not
speak particularly of the party which has been
called, by way of derision and burlesque, the
(i Know Nothing party;" but looking to the gen-
eral aspect of the party divisions by which the
country is distracted, and more particularly to
the point of the intensity and the magnitude of
the interests depending on our national elections,
ybu will see that the foreigners not naturalized
constitute an element of strength, distributed as
they are in several of the northern and north-
western States, destined often to control our
national elections, if th^y shall be allowed the
privilege of voting; and th'ustheymay,in the end,
exert a powerful influence in changing the policy
and .even the vital principles of our Government.
If the earnestness and intensity of these presiden-
tial contests continue—if the patronage of this
great and still growing and powerful Government
is to go on increasing, you, sir, and I may live to
see the day when*the issue of our great national
contests may be decided by the usurped power
of a few State Legislatures.
If you concede this power to the States to give the
right of suffrage to aliens or foreigners not natur-.
alized, where is the limitation on it? If, upon the
eve of a presidential election, the party happening
to have the majority in the Legislature of Cali-
fornia, but being doubtful of the result of the elec-
tion, should think it expedient to admit to the right
