812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
State of Virginia, or the State of Tennessee, by
aay State law, (o take from a naturalized citizen
of the United States, any privilege which is con-
ferred upon a citizen of the United States by the
Constitution.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee That is not the
question. The point is whether the State of Vir-
ginia, for example^ would have the power to
admit an alien to citizenship of her own State,
regardless of this restriction; and allow him all
the privileges of a citizen of that State, as poten-
tially and as effectively in every sense, and give
him a voice in the control of the national election
and policy, as though he had been regularly
naturalized.
Mr. MASON. If I understand the honorable
Senator correctly, I cannot imagine that he doubts
that each Slate lias full and unquestioned power
to declare within her own limits who shall be cit-
izens of the State of Virginia or Tennessee, re-
spectively.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. What is the effect
of it?
Mr. MASON. With this restriction: that she
can by no such law impair, or m nny manner
derogate from, any privileges conferred on a
naturalized citizen under the laws of the Uni-
ted Stales, which such citizen acquiies under
the Constitution of the United States, but no
further.
The Constitution declares that those persons in
each State who are entitled to vote for the most
numerous branch of the State Legislature shall
be entitled to vote for members of Congress: then
it is competentfor a State, unquestionably, to say
who shall be entitled to vote for the most numer-
ous branch of her Legislature. A State may say
that a foreigner may have that right the moment
be lands, before lie has changed his clothes; and
I bed eve. in some of the northwestern States they
do allow them 
Mi. DOUGLAS. Not now.
Mr. MASON. They did so formerly. It is
Competent for a State to do it, because it is j-art
of the .sovereign power of tin State. Sul! the
State does not wiv who shall vote for members
of Oongp'ss, hut tlx'Constitution doesit by invok-
ing tlie pohi y of tlit ;S(ate.
Air. mi.U of Ti n!n.,N.sre. Then what would
prevent the sinveholuing States fiom admitting
to the right of snllV.jg'1 to the r~oKt numerous
branch of the State legislature their own slaves?
Mr. MASOX. Who <an doubt the power of
a Stan- to admit, within her own limits, to all the
rights of citizenship, any part of the people she
pleases—men, women, or children?
Mr. fti£LL, of Tenn..',see. That is what I
meant to bun:; mil. If tin: Senator < on«'f.ieH to
the fr< e States iht j i^lif to admit aliens to \ <)!.• <!h
soon as they lam), otid to take part 111 eieelions
and eontl nj t !><; 11 so i , as they would . pi ae' wail v,
in many of the Stan the southern Static, have
the equal right to nduul to the light of sufiiuge
their own staves, That is the question.
Mr. IjlGGS, I fully appiecs.au, Mr. Presi-
<jh nt, tlu appeal which lias been made by me
S' nator from Illinois; and my purpose is not to
continue the debate, but to plaee myself right. I
Rtated, when ! piopoM-u ih'S ameo.lru^ni, that,
according to the ex im;n.\t:on i had mad* of the
laws pas&od by Co,:gjcv fKhnittmg the people of
Teiruoiies to fotm constitutions and Stat<- gov-
ernmeutP. in no instance were persons other than
citizens of the United States Ioyou- for members
of tin convention. Knowing that the Senator
from Illinois was aim h moio familiar with the
legislation on tins subject than myself, I stood
comcled by him when lie stated that I was mis-
taken on that point. I have not heard, however,
any legislation of Congress ditteient fiom the
proposition I laid down.
A shoi t examination enables me to state to the
Senate that I was coi rect. in the act of Congiess
authorizing the people of the Territory of Ohio
to frame a State constitution, the right of suffrage
for delegates to a convention was confined to
" male citizens of the United States.'* That is
the language used m the law. Again, in the foi ill-
ation of the State of Indiana in 1816, the language
there used is "all male citizens of the United
States" were entitled to vote for representatives
to a convention. In IS 18, in the law to permit
Illinois to form a State constitution, the language
U that 44 all wlute male citizens of th« United
States who shall have arrived at the age of twenty-
one years," &c., shall be entitled to vote.
Then, in regard to Michigan and ArkansaS, I
will remaik that I can find no law authorizing
them 'to form a State constitution; but the qual-
ifications of electors m the laws passed by Con-
gress in regard to Michigan were that ''every
fiee white male citizen of said Territory " should
be allowed to vote, varying the expression a little
from the other clauses to which ] have referred;
but in the bill for the admission of Arkansas, it
is provided " every free white male citizen of the
United States" shall have the right to vote.
In the Wisconsin terutonal bill the right of
| suffrage was confined to " every free white male
' citizen of the United States," with a subsequent
proviso authorizing the qualifications cf voters to
be proscribed by the Legislative Assembly. The
provision that the right of suffrage should be ex-
ercised only by citizens of the United States was
inserted both in the Wisconsin and Iowa terri-
torial bills. These were laws for the erection of
Temtorii'S into States; but the acts for Ohio,
Illinois, and Indiana, to which 1 have alluded,
were acts passed authorizing the people of those
Territoncs to form State constitutions; and in all
these instances, witlioutoxception, Congress con-
fined the qualifications of voters to citizens of
the United States.
It will be recollected that a discussion took
place here during the first session of the present
Congress in regard to the bill authorizing the
people of Kansas to form a State constitution.
On that occasion an amendment was ollered by
the Senator fi om Mississippi, [Mr. Adams,] differ-
ing in lorin, but in substance precisely the same
character as tins. That bill, as repotted by the
Committee on Tetritoues, allowed those peisons
who were qualified voters by the organic law
passed for the Territories of Nebraska and Kan-
sas to vote for delegates to form a State constitu-
tion; aud^he organic act authorized persons who
had declared their intention to become citizens
of the United States, and bad resided in the Ter-
nary for twelve months, to vote. The Senator
ftom Mississippi nun id to stnke out. that pro-
vision,so to cunline the quaiifieations of eleci-
|i ois f. r mumln'jfj of the convention to citizens of
ji the United Statee. A discussion was had on that
j| amendment, and by the vote which I have before
jj me it was adopted That was the last bill adopted
q by this body m relation to this matter. The
J amendment of the Senator from Mississippi was
;i adopted by a vote of t\venty-two to fifteen. The
votes were:
'! kk Yi;Me-Ji,', Ad.mii-, Bavuul, Bell <tf Tennessee,
!: fii'.'ji • Hiwdheaii, Hi own, < "l.ij, < Mayton, < "oHamei, Critten-
'j den, I'Yfvfinieit. ^if/pent k. [•*«>«it, Fov(i>r. tJovor, Hunter,
her-ou, Mailory, M.u-on, HeuJ, Thompson of Kentucky,
■! \ ul-'c.
;l •'■Vay-j — Mt\ r.rs. Allen, Hitler, ('a^, Dodiff,
|! l)ou<r!a ^, Jones of Iov.,1, Pn.rh, Sew awl, Stuart, Shdeii,
|j 'i'oucej , WeiJi't, W'll-en, Wriu'lll.''
]j Tb it is the Lis.t action of this body on the prin-
]; eipie involved m tins amendment bv which the
,! Semite dwemuned that when tlicy passed a bill
|j autlioi 'Zing a T"mtory to form a State constitu-
'i tion, they would confine the light of suffrage to
;j citizens (/f ihr United States.
|1 Mr DOUGLAS. As I do not wish to reply
:i to my ftiend, I desire now to call his attention
ij loan eiror m'o which he has fallen. Ho ov.,-r-
looks one clause in the Indiana and Illinois la^vs
;j to which he has referred. 1 will read the Illinois
Ij law:
'j "'Thru a!! while m.^e citizen* of the Umtod States who
J cliall l>a\ .■ .ef.aaeii o fh>  ..y3 t>; t\v<-niy one yeai?, ami
; h,n*o-o-nleii m v.itd Termor -i\ month:' p><ivioie- to the
■ j (i.'y of eie.-iion. and all person-* liavmsi m otlun- lesp-H't* the
' I lecjai to vnt" toi a lejne-cntatfve m the Geit-
1} t-i.vi A^ciidjty of -aid Tetutoij, l)e, ami tluyuie hereby,
!! amlioiized to vote"—
'• —at the election to form a State constitution.
|i That includes inhabitants unnaturalized, who,
|j by the temtonal laws, and the ordinance of 17S7,
p were autliorized to vote. If the Senator will turn
to the Indiana law, lie will f*nd a similar clause
ij there:
,j That all male citizens of the United States who shall
I. h.ivc .ui.ui.cd ihe tu' uvemy one \e;;rs-« and resided in
I, sawt Tetruoiv at iea>i oa- year prov.ou- to thy oleetion, and
|!| ^Uali have paid a county tax.-' * " * " and ail persons
[j having, in otlH'i' re<pi;eisi.tiie lesal quahfieanonsto vote lor
i rep e?eutauvoj in Uio Oeueml As^einbly of said Territory,
aud they ate heicby, authorized to choose representa-
tives.5'
Mr. BIGGS. I had not overlooked ,tha,t; and
I put it to the Senator from Illinois, now, whether
there was any authority by the law creating the
Territories of Indiana and Illinois, orauthonzmg
them to form a State constitution, to allow any
but citizens of the United States to vote?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Clearly.
Mr. BIGGS. I do not so understand.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The organic law of Indiana
Territory was the ordinance of 1787; the organic
! law of Illinois Territory was the ordinance of
j 1787;andsowith all the north western Territories,
j The ordinance of 1787, which constituted the or-
; game law of those Territories, expressly provided
that citizens of the different States residing there
and having a ceitain amount of property should
vote; and it expressly authorized unnaturalized
| persons to vote, as well as naturalized citizens,
1 provided they owned property. If my friend
! will look into the matter he will find that there is
! no question that, under the organic law of those
' Territories,unnaturalized foreigners could and did
| vote while they were Territories; and then the acts
] authorizing thoseTerritorics to form constitutions
| and State governments, provided that all citizens
| of the United States could vote, and also, all such
, other poisons as were qualified to vote in the Ter-
' rilones by existing laws showing clearly that
: there was an expicss recognition of the rights of
| unnaturalized foreignei s to vote who were author-
, r/ed to vote under the terntonallaws. That brings
those cases exactly within the limits of the bill
now under consideration.
Mi. BIGGS. That is not my understanding
of the construction to be given to those laws. 1
stated, when I was up before, that the Senator
' from Illinois was more familiar with those acts
than myself, but that, so far as my examination
had gone, (and I went to the acts authorizing the
people of Territories to form State governments,)
in all the-?e instances,untilavery recent time,and
even m the formation of territorial governments,
the right of suffrage had been confined to citizens
' of the United States.
| But, sir, I did not intend to consume the time
| of the Senate. I have a decided conviction of the
; propriety of this amendment. I hold that the
i right of sulTrage is one of the most important
J rights of the American citizen, and that it ought
; to be confined in this country to those who are
j citizens of the United States. I think that we
j ought not to trifle with ihis important Amencan
J right, and that, to say the least, in the formation
j of all organic laws for the regulation of the peo-
! pie of the country in their State capacity, so far
| as the United States are concerned, the right of
! suffrage ought to be confined to citizens of the
United States. I have called the attention of the
Senate to the last vote taken in this body on that
important question, by which the Senate dis-
tinctly determined, after a discussion of the sub-
ject, to confine the right to vote to citizens of the
United States.
1 may be permitted to say, in conclusion, that
it seems to me improper, so far as uniformity of
legislation is concerned, to make this bill in regard
! to Minnesota different from the Oiegon bill. We
have two bills here for the erection of two new
States of this Union. The Oregon bill expressly
confines the right of sulTrage to citizens of the Uni-
ted States. Why should v. e, when wc are passing
a bill for the erection of Minnesota into a State,
change the policy adopted by the Senate so late
as the last session, and which is to be adopted if
we passfthe Oregon hill in the shape in which it
, comes from the House of Representatives, on this
i important question? 1 say, therefore, that the
i uniformity of our legislation requires, mdepend-
I ently of the great principle involved in the ques-
I tion, that w>: shall make these bills alike in this
i impoitant particular; and hence I have moved
j the amendment in the very language of the Oregon
, bill as it comes to us from the House of Repre-
! sentatives
j Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, I do not rise
j for the purpose of debating this question; but as
| I differ from some of my friends on this point, I
! wish to state the grounds of my own action.
That clause in the Constitution of the United
States which prescribes the body of electors for
the election of'members of the House of Repre-
sentatives, refers it to the constitution and laws
of the several States; so that every State determ-
ines for itself its own electoral body. It is a pri-
mary act in sovereignty. This Government has
