1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
no power to interfere with it. We cannotgo into
any State of this Union, and undertake to define
who of the people shall constitute the body of
voters who shall exercise political power. You
may naturalize whom you please; but the power
of the legislation of Congress in enacting a natu-
ralization law confers no right of voting in any
State of the Union. The subjects are entirely
distinct. That right of prescribing the electoral
body belongs exclusively to the people of every
State, in the formation of its organic law. Thus
it is with regard to the election of the most nu-
merous branch of Congress. The people of every
Stale say who shall vote and who shall not vote;
and if they see fit, in the exercise of their sovereign
power, to confer the right of suffrage on any class
of men, we cannot interpose. If they confer it on
aliens who have not declared their intentions to
become citizens, we have no power to interfere or
prevent the exercise of that sovereign right, be-
cause, by the arrangement of powers under the
Constitution, that sovereign power is left to the
States, and it cannot in any manner, either directly
or indirectly, be interfered with by Congress. Sup-
pose Congress should undertake to say that those
in the several States who should vote for electors
for President and Vice President should consist
of only one class of voters—men, if you please,
possessed of property to the amount of $1,000—
can any one imagine that that legislation of Con-
fress would have any validity? No,sir. It would
e an encroachment on the rights of the several
States that would not be tolerated or admitted
under the Constitution of the United States.
In J849, when you organized the Territory of
Minnesota, you fixed by the organic law the right
of suffrage, leaving it to the people of the Terri-
tory, in the exercise of the legislative power re-
cognized as in their Legislature, to fix the quali-
fication of voters, subject to a restriction that no
alien should be admitted to vote until after he
had declared his intention to become a citizen of
the United Stages, and sworn to support the Con-
stitution of the United States and the organic law.
You conferred on the people, or recognized as in
the people of tiie Territory, all proper legislative
power under the Constitution, subject to that
organic law. In the exercise of that power thus
recognized as being in them, upon which they
have acted—upon which they have passed every
iaw that now governs the Territory, fixing all the
rights of persons and property in that Territory,
they have settled for themselves who shall be law-
ful voters, and the power has been exercised by
them, subject to the Constitution of the United
States and to the organic law. Sow, then, this
bill leaves the body of voters as fixed by the
organic ia^v, and by the territorial law; and the
proposition here is to interfere and change that  
Mr. DOUGLAS. I appeal to my friend not
to go into this general discussion, because it is
certainly killing the very hill he wishes to pass.
Mr. TOUCEY. I will bring my remarks at
once to a close. I am in favor of the*bill as it
stands. I am m favor of leaving the people there
to exorcise the rights which they now exercise
under the law of Congress passed in 1849, and
the laws of the Territory, as the people of the
Territory, in the exercise of legislative power, 1
have arranged them. 1 acquiesce in that, and j
hope we shall pass the bill as it came from the j
House of Representatives.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, lam quite as
anxious as the chairman of the Committee on
Territories is to have this question brought to a
test, and therefore I shall avoid any argument. I
know, indeed, that it is not necessary for me to
state my positions elaborately or carefully in re-
gard to this question, after wltat I have said here-1
tofoie. I shall content myself with barely stating 1
the positions which I assume in regard to all these j
questions. j
In the first place, there is a question as to the '
Constitutional power of Congress to admit per- !
sons who are aliens to vote to organize a State !
applying for admission into the Union. I regard I
that question of constitutional power as practi-'
cally settled long ago—as settled forever, that the j
Congress of the United States has assumed and
exercised the power of admitting foreign States, j
which had notasingle citizen of the United States j
in those States', in the Union, as in the case of |
Texas. The greater includes the less. If we can j
permit all the people of California and Texas to I
come in as States organized, we can say that a
class of persons within the United States, who
are not citizens, fchall exercise the right of suf-
frage on this, which is a similar occasion.
| State or Territory, citiz8nship by any special act.
I The Constitution gives them no such power, ft
! gives only the power to establish uniform natural-
T- , , , . . . 11 ization laws, under which every one or any one
In tne second P'af;e> " a question of right. I i j may entitle himself for citizenship.
am, as all the world knows, of opinion that, with | j Mr. President, I do Slot know that in this oar-
uue regulations to prevent aouse, the right of j, ticular instance the exercise of this power would
suiiraje ought to be coordinate m all communi- j be of any material consequence to the interests or
ties with the obligation to submit to, support, and j. destinies of these United States; but it is by the
defend Oovernment. i, preservation of great principles alone that free
In the third place, in regard to the policy, lam
in favor of admitting aliens to vote precisely for
the reason that these new States are to be made
chiefly by aliens an(| foreigners, or in a large
degree by them; and I bilievc that that class of
immigrants who come to this country ore. as a
general fact, as intelligent, and as capable of ex-
ercising the functions of self-government, as our
own educated citizens.
nations can exist orany nation prosper; and when
, we begin to part with them in little instances,
when we begin to violate them, here or there, as
immaterial things, when we surrender them at
all, we give up the sanctity of principles, and
' further violations must be looked for, and they
, will become the practice. Expediency will take
I the place of principle.
1 I perhaps might have been satisfied with the
Mr. BUTLER. I shall not occupy more than |! phraseology of this bill, " legal voters," under-
two or three minutes on this subject, because I j; standing by it not only all the requisites pre-
I see that if we go into a general'discussion on [j scribed by statute, but also the requisites era-
this point, it will take a very wide range. The j; braced by the Constitution; but it cannot be so
time has passed when we can question the right j( understood with the declaration which is given of
of a State to prescribe the qualifications of voters, ] the intention of the language. Suppose the lan-
because I believe in my friend's [Mr. Biggs] ! guage were changed so as to convey the exact
own State, free negroes voted at one time; and j, meaning and effect of this bill: what would it be?
they certainly were not citizens. In other States i' That all the people of Minnesota, native-born,
irregularities are complained of; but I am so far ; naturalized,and alien, shall vote. I think there is
a State-rights man, that I shall never question the none of us but would hesitate a little at our.givinr
right of a State when it is no longer in tutelage
but is a member of the Union, to prescribe the
qualifications of its voters. I shall not question
that right of a State, whatever may have been
my'onginal impressions on the subject; but in
creating a State, I am bound to say I must con-
fine it, as far as I can, to what I regard the legit-
imate source of power. Nobody has a right to
a vote for such a proposition as that, plainly ana
honestly worded, and about which there could be
no misapprehension. I, as an American citizen,
am proud of all the peculiar rights and privileges
which, under the Constitution, belong to me as
a citizen of the United States. I would say the
same as a naturalized citizen of the United States;
but I would not squander them away, or give
be a representative in Congress unless he is a ,• them to every oric, except on my own terms, and
native-born citizen, or one made a citizen by the j: the conditions of the laws of my own country,
naturalization laws. I think that when we make j! The Constitution declares that it is made by the
a State, those who create and give a represema- j people of the United States, and in substance for
tion in Congress ought, to have the same quahfi- i the people of the United States. All the powers
cations. These are my opinions. j that it assumes—all the institutions pfovided for
Mr. WILSON". I recognize, Mr. President, ; by it, are made by the American people, and for
the force of the appeal made by the chairman of the American people, and are to be sustained by
the Committee on Territories, [Mr. Douglas,] |J the American people—by their votes, and by their
and do not rise to make an argument, but simply j! agencies. This is the way I regard the Constitu-
te state my opinions. I am in favor of the gen- j tion of the United States. It is'made by the peo-
eral principle that citizens, and citizens only, , pie of the United States; and now to say that it
should exercise the right of suffrage in the Ter- : may be administered by aliens, is a departure, i-
r;fnrir>s of f Via TTmf<vl fitn i p<3 T a ro nkn in favnr •, mir inHcmpnt frrvtvi tVm  -*ii*ii- nf tKo P.AnotitntiAi'
ritorics of the United States. I am also in favor
of such a modification of the naturalization laws
of the United States as shall correct the abuses of
their administration. The purity of the ballot-
boxes of our rlections, m all sections of the coun-
try, would, in my opinion, be promoted by a
wise, just, and moderate modification of the nat-
uralization laws of the United States. But Con-
gress, in 1849, authorized the inhabitants of the
Territory of Alinnesota, who had taken measures
to become citizens of the United States, to vote
my judgment, from the spirit of the Constitution.
It was the natural province—the proper office of
the Constitution* to describe those intended to be
embraced by it, those for whom it was made, and
those for whom its blessings and its liberties were
intended.
So the Constitution declares. And when it said,
that m the election of members of Congress those
who were permitted by the States to vote for the
members of the most numerous branch of the
State Legislature should vote, they had laid down
m their elections, and by the laws of that Terri- i1 the previous basis, and within and on that basis
tory they now exercise that risrht. This bill con-
tinues to them that rigrht in the election of delegates
to the convention to form a constitution. In the
present position of this bill, I shall vote against
this amendment, and for it as it came from the ;;
Committee on Territories. Minnesota will come .
into the Union robed m the white garments of
fieedom. anu I can give no vote that shall put in ,,
jeopardy her immediate admission mtn the sister- '
hood of fr^e C,or.:n\on,vea'ths. The adoption of •
this amendment will at aov rate delay the pas- 1
sage of the bill, and, in the present condition of ■
affairs in the House, it msy defeat it altogether.
I therefore vote for the bill as it came from the
House, and against the amendment \\ iiich endan-
gers its passage.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If I understand the in-
terpretation given by the honorable Senator from
Illinois to tins bill, under the t n*m 44 l-'^al voters,}J i<
it is intended to include aliens. Is Congress pre- ,'
pared to do this? Have you the power? No. J-
Whatever a State mav do in granting to mdtvid- ,
uals a modified or qualified citizenship—and gen- 1
tlemen will find it difficult to maintain any such ■ '
the State may make what regulation it pleases;
but it never was intended that'a State should give
to a foreigner, m respect to the Federal Govern-
ment, a privilege which the Federal Constitution
did not confer It leaves a good deal to the dis-
cretion of the States, but at the same time it lays
down a basis; it has a foundation ;and that found-
ation is the'people of the United States. Every
State, out of its own people, riioy make what se-
lections it pleases as voters. It may require what
residence, what qualifications it pleases. There
is the power of the State, bur no further. Is an
alien to the Unuod States included in the people
of the United States ? Is a foreigner who is trav-
eling through your country a pnrt of the people
of the United States m the constitutional sense of
the term? It seems to me that it cannot be said
that be is.
But I did not intend to debate this matter. I
shall vote for the amendment which is offered;,
and, whatever may be done in the States, whether
it be right or wrong, I do not wish this Govern-
ment to aid in pulling down what I believe to be
the true spirit of the"Constitution, by conferring1
on aliens a right which belongs exclusively to the
right—the Congress of the United States cannot,
otherwise than by its uniform system of natural- : naturalized and the native citizens of the United
ization, make eny man, not of this country, a States. It is therein that their sovereignty con-
citizen. By conferring on an alien the highest pre- ' sists. Shall I mix up with thkt sovereign people,
rogative of citizenship, do you not, in effect, for j> as we are proud to call it, of the United States,
all political purposes make him a citizen? I say |j every alien who happens to be traveling in our
Congress cannotgrant to aliens, in any particular li own i&sd? Oh, you say, he tnay ba a resident,
