1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
cation of obtain land claims; to grant donations
to actual settlers; to survey certain lands, and for
other purposes.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator makes that
motion as an independent proposition, I shall not
object to it; but if'jt is made on the ground that
this bill is the next in order on the Calendar, it is
mistake. There are several territorial bills re-
ported fiom other committees which would take
priority;x and I only yielded as to the business
coming from the Committee on Public Lands,
bccause I understood that the Senator from Illi-
nois, being chairman of the TUommittee on Terri-
tories, was going to take the business from his
committee in the order in which it stood on the
Calendar.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Michigan
is under a mistake. I was confining myself to
the bills reported from my committee, and the bill
of the Senator from Texas is the first in order on
that list. lie allowed me take up another bill
first; but now 1 wish to go on m order.
The Senate pioceded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill (S. No. 176) which
had been leporred by the Committee on Territo-
ries with an amendment in the nature of a substi-
tute. Several verbal amendments were made to it
on the motion of Mr. Rusk, and as thus amended
the substitute is as follows:
That all tint territory of the United States included
within the following boundaries; Beginning at a point on
the boundary line between Texas and New Mexico, at a
point whore the north line of the county of Dona Ana, m
New Mexico, strikes said boundary line,* thence west with
said line ox said county to the summit of the Sierra Madre
^ Mountains; thence noith to the boundary hue of the Tern-
^ tory nf Utah ; thence west along said boundary line to the
eastern boundary of California; thence southeasterly on
said boundary line to the point at which the line between the
United States and Mexico intersects it; thence along the
several lines between the United States and Mexico, and
between New Mexico and Texas, to the beginning, be, and
the same is heieby, create-1 into a separate distuct, to be
called the dutuct of Arizona, and is hereby divided into two
counties by running a single line as follows: Beginning at
the monument on the Gila,, a few miles nelow the mouth
of the Rio SuincM, not vciv far fiom the ba&e of Mount
Graham, and running from said monument directly-south to
the frontier line between the United States and Mexico,
and directly noith to the boundary line of the Territory of
Utah. The eastern county is hereby named Washington,
and the western, Jefferson.
Sec. '2. And he it further enacted, That a surveyor gen-
eral lor the said district s-ijall be nominated, and, by and
with the adviee and consent of the {Senate, appointed by the
President of the United States. He shall open his office at
a place to be designated by the Secretary of the Interior,
and he may remove it from time to time to such place or
places as iie may find it necessary to occupy, m order to
aid him moie fuily in the execution of his duties, and which
he shall repoit to the Secieta.y of the interior.
Skc. 3. And he it further cnc.cted} Tltat the surveyor
general is hereby audionzed to employ in hn office a
draughtsman and the same number of clerks, at the same
salanes ol those who aie employed in the land oihee of the
surveyor geneial nt California. lie shall pay the said em-
ployes monthly, out of the public money appropriated there-
for, and which he i; hereby atuhouzed to receive tor that
puipo.-e fiom the Scerctiuy of the Treasury of the United
States. Theie '-hall be allowed for said service the sum of
$11,000 pei annum. Andioi lawbooks and hooks of recotd,
maps, stationery, instruments, and safes for keeping and
preserving the recoids of the ofhee, and lor transportation
thereof to the Teuuory, and for such occasional removals
of the office as the sutvevor general may find necessary, ;
and foi otfif-e rent, fuel, and othci incidental expenses of
his office, the sum of $'10.030-hall he allowed And the
Secretaiy of the Interior is hereby authorized to cause an
official seal to be piepaiedior the othceol the said surveyoi
general, and any copy of, or extiaets fiom, tne plats, tiold
notes, and other recoids and documents on file m his office.
When attested as such by the said seal and the signature of
the suiveyor general, shall, in all judicial matters, and m
the courts of the United States, and in all the executive
departments of the Government of the United States, be
received and accredited the same as originals. /The '•ui-
veyor general, beiote entente on the duties of his office,
shall give bond as other surveyors general, and shall take
and subscabe an oath or affiiwauon, before a judge of a
United Elates or State court, to suppo'u the constitution of
the United states and faithOiUy di-ebargrt the duties of hi? :
office. He sha'l be entitled to receive a"saiaiy at the rate
of not exceeding ,* 4,UOO per annum, payable monthly, to ;
commence iioni the date of his commission . Provided, i
That this rate of compensation shall not extend beyond the i
term of two yrtors,aml that all lees anywhere piovided for j
in this act to be paid to tne surveyor* general, shall he by I
him accounted ior and paid over to the receiver of the land
office for J he disjnet oi Arizona, and the said receiver sh^ll
give hnn his official reocipt therefor.
Sec. 4 And In- it further pnwted, That th? said surveyor
general shall have'the exclusive power and authority to
perfoim ail the dimes or his oriice, inspecting the simey
of all the lands, public and private,'within the "hunts of tne
district aforesaid, anything m any act of Congress to the
contrary notwithstanding " He shall engage a sufficient
number of skilliul surveyors as his deputies, whom ne shall
cause tosutvey, measure, and mark base and meridian lines
througn such point?, and perpetuated by such monuments
of stone, or of as durable materials of wood as can be con-
veniently obtained, and to run such other correction par-
allels and meridians as ma* be proper and required, and the
lines necessary to subdivide the lands into mile sections,
and quarter sections, and into half quarters, if required;
and, where proper, into fiaciions, or such minimum divis-
ions as hereinafter provided for as to minerals ; and also to
survey and establish all other lines of the public lands which
he may be directed to do by ..the President of the United
States, conformably to law. And lor surveying the base
and meiidian lines, and puvate claims, and about the base
of inaccessible mountains and meandering navigable waters,
there shall be allowed not exceeding sixteen dollars per
mile; and for surveying the other lines of the public lands
there shall be paid to him not exceeding an average of
twelve dollars per mile. No allowance shall be made for
lines which are not actually run.
Sec. 5. And bait f.t-tier made.!'. Tim ihe rectangular
mode of surveying and subdividing the public lands inav be
changed when it h necessary in lefcroncc to mountains,
mineral plats or districts.and donation tracts specially pio-
vided for in this act, so as todays the subdivisions into
fractions, subject to be reduced to the smallest size, or
wheie necessary, to designate mineral district*, or donation
tracts, and ail other entries, as provided lor by law.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the suivcyor gen-
eral shall divide the said district of Arizona into three divis-
ions by running two lines. The lift shall begin at the
morument on the Qila mention-d in the fiist <cetion, and
running fiom thence directly south with the county line
heretofore described, to the boundary line between the
United States and Mexico. The other line shall begin at
the one hundred and eleventh decree of lomntiuh, on 'he
boundary of the United States and Mexico, and follow that
meridian to the Gila. The hist of these lines snail be called
first Giia principal mendian, and the second hue second
Gila principal meridian. The thiee divisions he shall sur-
vey separately, beginning with the division lyingea--t of the
first line, arid then the adjoining divisions in succession ;
except that he may suivey the nnneial lands, or donation
tracts, or other private entires authonzecUfey this act to be
made, at such time as the public interest*, m hi* judgment,
may require. The western division ^hall only be siii vcyed
by base and meridian hn^s, except when otherwise neces-
j sary, or where the lands may be fn fin settlement,auditions
j | and within a few miles ot the Gila, us he may find fit and
proper, and such piivate grants as may he necessary to b«
marked and measured, and such parcels as may be selected
for mining purposes.
Sec. 7. And he it further exacted, That the surveyor gen-
eral shall cause the mineral tiacts, as fai as he can a-et i-
tam them, to be surveyed into districts, and maiked and
measured, and the boundaries thereof sdiall be of Miffi-^ent
extent to include all me mineral i ot the several parts o: tite
countiy, according to his judgment; and his surveys of
agucultural and giazmg lands shall not be so made as to
pneroaeh upon them: Pro'.idpd. ali'-m <t7 If discoveries Ik;
made of minerals withm the said surveys of agricultural
and grazing iands bcfoie their sale or entry, according to
law, by any citizen or citizens of the United States, and
who shall give wutten notice thereof to the surveyor gen-
eral, they shall be subject to entry and occupation m such
places, by any citizen or citizens of the United States, con-
formably to the legulations which are hereinafter made.as
mineral lands.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the surveyor gen-
era! shall cau<e all the lands within said dntrict of Atizona
to be. surveyed, as belonging to the public domain ot the
United States, which were held by grants or claims of any
soit under the Ciown of Spain,orthe supieine Government
of Mexico, or by any other authority whalevei, and winch
were abandoned by their owners seven years or more, as
 the case may be, pnoi to the ratification of the treaty of the
30th of December, 1834, made between the United States
and Mexico: Provided, The said owners did not return to
hold and possess said lands betoie the sicnius of said treaty,
and also, that the soid&urveyorgencral shall cause to be su'r
veyed all the lands within tne said district of Anzona, as
belonging to the public domain of the United States, and
which were comprehended within the bounds of the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo, made on the 2d day of February,
1848, between the United States and Mexico, and which
were held by grants either from the Crown ot Spam or fiom
the supreme Government of Mexico, ot any other authority,
and winch were abandoned bj' their owners seven \ eai? or
more prior to the ratification of said treaty: Provided. That
the said owners did not return to possess and hold said lands
before the signing of the said treatv of Guadalupe Hidalgo;
and any of the aforesaid land*, wnotlier they b? acncul
tural or mineral, shall be subject to entry by any citizen or
citizens of the United Stale-, comoiniabh to the regula-
tions heremanei made tor tin* < ntiy ol hind-, euner a-mtn-
eral lands for mining, or as donation- ox one hamh.-d and
; sixty acre- tor agucuhure. o: b; tubj nct to such entnes a-
I it is provided may he mad.1 foi the pun ise- of lodiiujia the
i conduct of mining ooe;auon~, by the no—e- s>pn of ^'ii'.at'io
places ror residence, and the uvc< ^.ii\ -upply oi ware*'and
fuel; and iOia-much a- by the law* or ^paui made for ihe
government of whatweie calb-d the 1: :h i'1 which all
Mexico was included, and also K\ :I>c 5'iw- of \';e -uprom •
GovcrnniPnt of Mexico, mad'1 aftei i*- separM on ''.mi' the
mother country, it ua  piovun d That a>i nm:eiai lauds were
resen <:d to ti;c ciou n u; c'pjns, t-i to the iUj-n-me Govern
mentol Mexico, as the ert-e m.unt bj. and wre never sep-
arated tiierefrom by bem? Wittim the lun.' - or any g^mts,
nor intended so to'he.noi byieasono' any grants which
had been, oi could be. made ot nnv hoid- any person oi
persons whatever: and inasmuch as i.o giants rot mineral
lands to any poison or p 'rsp'K, or to ni.y company ot per-
sons, tbrminu a nairnf r-iiiD.os to anvec'Iesi,^;ical r>ei-on,
or corporate bodv. whether lav or eee!o.-i..slical, ever were
made in ab-olute fee. along wun any au'i icnifural or in iz-
ing land granted, so as to sepur.e the sud hiineia! land«
from the Crown of npain. or from the pnM.e domam r>f the
supreme Government of Mexico, and, I'-nm tivir cotuiol :
and as no mineial iainls separate ana apait. as such, wev
ever granted by the Ciown of ^pam, ot the supreme Gov-
ernment of Meueo, to any p^r-onoi per.-on?, ot eO'np.my
of persons m partnership, in niv-ohue fee. but nccorumy to
the uniform and stringent policy of the law? of the Crow9
of Spain, and of the Republic of Mexico, mineral lands were
only allowed to be held by subjects or citizens under the
special provisions that they should continue to work them
by mmmg, and if abandoned by tnem,even sor a short time.,
that they should be and were foiieued, and liable to he de-
nounced and taken by others, with the consent of the su-
preme Government, under like conditions and legulationa
as when first obtained; therefore, it is heieby provided and
declared, that all mines, whether of gold, silver, platina,
mercury, copper, tin, lead, zinc, iron oi coal, or any other
minerals which aio within the limits of the district of Aii-
zona, as herein descubed in the first section of this act,
which had been discovered and worked, and aiteiwaids
abandoned, for six months or more, prior to the date Oi the
signing of the treaty of tlif'Sarh of December, 1851, between
the United States and Mexico, aie iorfeited; and it is also
hereby provided, that any mineral lands winch were within
the said distuct of Auzona,and which weie compiehended
withm the limits of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, made
the 2d of Febiuary, lfc'dtf, between the United State? and
Mexico, and which mineral lands had been di-eov< red and
worked, andwcje afterward-1 abandoned, fix months or
m'>re, prior to the signing of the treaty Guadalupe fh-
dalgo, on the 2d of February, 1848, made between the Uni-
ted States and Mexico, are ioifeiied, and now belong to the
Government of the Umtad States, as pan and p.neel ot its
public domain, and the same are hereby declared to he for-
feited, and subject to be held and oceupicd under no other
title than that from the United .States, asieeably to the leg-
ulationshcieinaffer prescribed. And the suiveyor i-hereby
authorized and requited to make such surveys con'onnably
to the said regulation? for sucli person or persons, who are
citizens ol' the United States, and wno may dotne to work
said mines. And ail lands wheieon discoveries of minerals
may be made, whethei wirhin such abandoned grants, or
within grants of land which have been and still are held in
possession within the limits of the said district'bf Arizona,
shall be subject to the like rules and regulations as to all
other mineral entries; and the mivejor general l* hereby
authorized and requited to cau-e suiveys to be made for
such mineral entries a* may be applied tor therein, for the
purpose of mmmg. by any citizen or citizens of the United
8iai.es. Piocided* That any citizens of the United States
having titles or nght. and taken possession of any mine
J within said distner which were abandoned on account of
! the hostilities of the Indians, shall have the right to repos-
1 sc^-s themselves of the same at anytime within six months
| after the passage of this act, by complyms with the require-
ments of tins act a<5 to payment for certificate of plat and
; survey of *c"d mine.
Sec. 9. And he it further enacted, That any citizen or
citizens of the United States shall be entitled to discover
| new mines, ana obtain the same ror the purpose of worfc-
l| me, by purchase thcieof from the United States, on any
I] lands within the said district of Arizona, and shall likewise
| be entitled to take possession of, to occupy, to work, and
put chase from the United States any of such mines which
have been abandoned; and also to enter adjoining said
mines, or as near thereto as igay be lound suitable for resi-
dence, and a supply of water and wood, a certain quantity
of land, <ts hereinafter prescitbed. When the mines are
formed of what are called v.>ms,the tract or parcel of land
intended to cover a vein, and winch shall be surveyed by
j said surveyor general or Ins deputy, shall not exceed, foi
j any one claimant, three bundled yards in length, and the
j same m breadth. Jf the mines aie what are called placers,
j the parcel of land to be taken and sutveyed shall not ex-
i ceed one hundred feet in length, and toity feet m width,for
| any one claimant The puichaser shall pay for the first or
, vein tract fifty dollars, and for the second or placer tract
| five doilats, to the survey oi geneial, for the use of the
! United States ; and tiie surveyor general, on the return of
1 a certified eopy of said survey bv a duly authorized deputy,
I shall make out a certificate of plat and Mirvev of the same,
I under his official signature, and seal ot otii<*e, if he has one;
{ if not, he snail state the fact.and his official tignatuie shall
j be of equal authority a- it he had such seal. In the cer-
tificate of plat and suivev he shall stat'> that he ha? received
' for the United States the purchase money, naming the
i amount thereof For his fee fur such certiticate o " plat and
J survey, lie shall be entitled to receive from the puichaser
; twenty dnlla-s foi a vnn m«ne, and five dollars for a placer
! nunc ; and he shah indorse upon «a>d certificate of plat and
! survey his fees, as being received, (when p: id,) and shall
! sjern said mdoiaement officially. The survevor general
! shall number and date the said cettificate of plat and -sur-
vey, and -hall iccord the saute in a book kept in his otfice
- for tnat purpose, in th^ words and figures thereof with all
, the indoisements made thereon. It shall be his duty, with-
i out delay, to furnish the register and lcceivu of the district
j of Anzon.i with an exact copy ot the said certificate of plat
1 and survey, the mdor-ements thereon, and shall pay over
to the t-aici receiver the amount o*' the- purcha-e money he
; ha' recciv<'d icr the said paicel o>* pn-c.-L- of land, and fho
' said leceiver shall give him tn-- receipt tti<>re;or. It shall be
the duty or"ute -uru^or g. nei:d, wnen the purchase money
; and ri.e fe*. • ubovs stated : avo b-^n paid to him. without
■ d> ! ly to make -nit the eeiti-ie ite of ph: and survey as afore-
j said, and deliver it to the pur-haset, or his lawfully ap-
{ pointed aaent. At the rc.'-;pt, by the purchaser, of said
I eeuificate of plat and -uivty , all tht- ivbts appeitaining to
! the t.tle and po -e-sien of lenl estate in fee shall inure to
i hnn, hts Ivji^s, and assirrn^. He may sell and convey the
• same, and the said cci tificate <)f plat a"1-' survey shall be
; evidence of ntle m all enu-ts, and before all judicial magi?
; trates withm the United States,and ?iial! be -o received.
The suivej or. reirisiei. and receivt'r s!iall each make a re-
t'ltn of eemri-'-J copu^s of said p'ats and -tirvs >.-> m all such
, ca-es. and ihereunow the President shall cause patents in
1 the iwiai foun to ts.-ue to the owner of the certificate:
' Prji'hhJ, Tnat all expenses attending the location and
sui vc-'of mining claims -hall he de-Ko- >d by the claimant.
1 £k'- U) And be it furthei enacted, That when there are
two or more claimants foi the same mines which have nev  r
' been worked, the dtscoveier who may Pave first m: d'>such
' discoverv alter the passage orth:s act, shall be entitled to
' ehotop of a tract to lie laid otf as tequued hy this act. If
