820
THE CONGRESSIONAL • GLOBE.
February 21,
authorizing a declaration of forfeiture by any sur-
veyor, which he may be induced by the greedy
or the covetous to make; and instantly upon that
declaration and a survey of the land, he is to grant
new titles under the authority of the United States;
and instedd of the anciei}jt claimant, the foreign
claimant, coming forward to contend merely with
a man who without color of title settled or squat-
ted on his land, he has to come into court and
contend with adversaries armed with all the pan-
oply of legal forms. ^
There are serious doubts in my mind as to the
propriety of this measure. I have every confi-
dence in the judgment, and I need not say m the
integrity, of the gentlemen who have prepared
the bill, butitiuvolvesprofoundquestionsof right
and of law, all of which it places in effect at the
disposal of the surveyor general, or any one of
his deputies. He may encroach on private lands,
so as to settle tenants on them under color of law,
and with colorable titles perfectlnfiiins, and then
leave the contestant to do Ins bestclaimin:>; under
a Spanish or a Mexican grant. 1 know that we
are to have a court there, and the claimant may
go into court, lie is the party that may gotheie;
and he may sometimes obtain a faint anil partial
redress of his wrongs or recovery of his lights;
but lie will meet with great embarrassments. If
you authorize the surveyor general to declare
lamia forfeited, and give Jura that jurisdiction,
who can countervail it? You have made him the
judge to that extent; and if he says the land is
forfeited, 1 see no appeal from his decision to any-
body. It is competent for the United States to
make him a judge. They do by this bill make
him the judge of important and material facts
affecting radically the titles of parties. The
seekers after other men's poss< fusions do not have
to go to court to got licenses: they get theivwmt
of court. The poor claimant may go there; and
if he can get his title established m court, that
will piutcct him and that alone.
1 regret very much the lime { have occupied,
but I think this ia a lull of imiaen.se import-
ance.
Mr, RUSK, I have hut a word to .say. 1
will not detain the S-maio. The tn-aty with Mex-
ico only guarantied to those who lMd tales to
lands pivu:>ely what they had under the Mexican
law.
Mr. CRITTKNDKN. Allow me to mteipose
a word at (his point. If the Me: an Govern-
ment had denounced the title of the claimant for
any delinquency, and adjudged against his title,
then I grant you he had ho tight to t he land; but
if the Alexiean Government gave him a title, and
had not denounced ir, the tide lermuns unfor-
feited, and i <mie,s to the man under the treaty
uuforleited. That is thehxw,a^ I understand if.
JVtr. RU.SK. Under the law of Spam, and
under the law of Mexico, no title m f.-e was ever
granted to mineral lands, in coming under the
obligations of the treaty to protect the claimant
of land there, do we enlarge their titles J That
seems to be the drift of the honorable Senator's
argument. (Jndcr Mexico they could not claim
minerals, whether they hud a grant of agricul-
tural lands or not.
Mr. C&tTTEiNDhJN". 1 will answer the gen-
tleman. This Government would not enforce a
forfeiture that had been incurred under the laws
oi Mexico. There is no such reservation. We
have no right to do it. One Government does not
enforce the penalties and forfeitures of another.
Mr. RUSK. There is no forfeiture at, all, be-
cause there was no grant. The mineral lands
weiv iU<- public domain of Mexico. When the
treaty w aj made,and as .soon as they passed into
the possesion of the United States, they became
toe domain ol th" United States, and subject to
the It gal claims of ail the ekr/,em>, and not"to the
man win) may purchase the Spanish title to agn-
cultiual lan-l.
The PRESIDENT pro tmpore. The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on Terri-
tories as Dnv-nd'd.
Mr. ClUfTKNDKN. That is, the whole
twenty-seven pag.-s.
Mr. RUSK. Yes, sir.
Mr. STUART. Uut for thp remarks of the
Senator from Vermont I should not say a word
on this subject. He says that it is better that
these questions should be determined by a judge
than by a surveyor general. My view is, that the
true course of proceeding in respect to land titles
in New Mexico, including Arizona, is, in the first
place, to ascertain what lands are held by private
titles. Let that be the first proceeding. When
you have ascertained what is the extent of the
private titles, you have a basis on which to de-
termine what you will do with the public lands,
whether they be mining or agricultural lands.
With that view there has been perfected at the
Land Office, and examined by the Committee
on Public Lands, a bill which is now on our files,
and which I desired to take up before this bill.
It provides for a commission, appoints two per-
sons to act in conjunction with the surveyor
general of New Mexico, as was done in Cali-
fornia, to examine and determine what individual
titles exist in that Territory, and their extent.
Let me remind the Senate of the history of this
question.
When the surveyor general of New Mexico
was appointed, clothed with the duty of ascer-
taining individual titles, it was insisted that he
must be a man not only conversant with our land
system, but a man conversant with the Spanish
language, so that he could perform these duties.
Wiien he came to enter on the performance of
the«e duties, they were found to be too magnitu-
dnu-us /'or a sui veyor general to accomplish, be-
sides ins ordinary duties; and hence the necessity
of establishing some uibunil. It is just as im-
portant wiihm the teintory still remaining in
New Mexico, if this Arizona bill shall pass, as it
is m the whole; but the expense annually will be
no more to ascertain the private titles throughout
the whole Territory than m the residue of New
Mexico after this separate district shall have been
established, though it would take longer, doubt-
less, betause theie would be nunc of them. That
ai^ument, as applied to this measure, does not
give any force; for Congress ba.s now m itshands,
before it, a lull which will provide for the ascer-
tainment of individual titles, by a tribunal equal
to that which existed in California, with appeals
to the United Siates coaris as ni that case. «
Now, a single won! in le^ard to another topic.
Like most gentlemen here, 1 piesum-* I am un-
acquainted with the Spanish law as applicable to
tin S'v titles; and tins diilieulty snake 4 me. Willie
a court is "established to as< eitaui and d-'teimine
these titles, the provision;.; of this hill undertake
to declnre limitations to the titles arbitrarily by
inw. 1 submit that that should nor hedonoumil
the titles, as they exist by the Spanish and Mex-
ican law under the treaty, aie first ascertained.
Such titles as are really valid should be fnst
ascertained, and then such as are questioned or
questionable may be provided for by legislation.
Sin ii lands as are thus ascertained to be public
hinds, whether a^nculturai or mining, may then
he pi ovided for. Hut what s. ems to" be the great
diilieulty in this bill, especially in the eighth"sec-
tion, is that it undertakes to lay down certain
arbitrary rules by which the jud^e will be bound.
1 have only given this bill so much attention as
I could m the course of to-day. I did not sup-
nose, when this day was set apart for territorial
business, that this lull would be taken up so early
and the day consumed upon it. If Iliad, 1 should
have tried to look into it more carefully. That
it involves great questions is undoubted. All I
mean now to say js, that the objections which I
have stated have struck me in the investigation
1 have been able to give if. I will say very cheer-
fully, as other Senators have said, that I have as
much confidence m my friend from Texas as any
man ought to have; but it docs seem to me that
these objections exist. 1 confess 1 am compelled
to agree with the Senator from Vermont, that I
cannot see the necessity for this additional court,
lleie is an additional court: here is almost every
thing that would be incident to a new Teintory,
except a Governor and Secretary and a few ad-
ditional members of a Legislature. This bill
provides lor a judge, lor his clerks, for a marshal,
lor a surveyor general, and all the paraphernalia
of that office. There is nothing omitted that be- .
longs to a territorial organization except a Gov-
ernor, Secretary, and a Legislature inform. It
adds to the number of legislators, and makes
other provisions to'which Lhave referred.
Is it necessary? Weattacbed this territory with
New Mexico, and thought it right to do so. The
inconvenience that has grown out ofits being thus
attached, if it exist to any great extent, I arn not i
aware of. That there must be some inconveni-
ence in that extended Territory is undoubtedly
true; but it is no greater, I conceive, than in
other mountainous Territories—Utah, Oregon,
and Washington.
Something has been said here about the cost
of surveying these lands, which, as a matter of
dollars and ccnts, is not very important; but I
apprehend that when the facts are ascertained,
it will be found that the price of eight dollars a
mile is the highest amount paid in Utah, Oregon,
and Washington Territories. The price, as
stated by the Senator from California, is large
in that State; but on turning to the laws, I do not
discover that it exceeds eight dollars a mile in the
Territories I have named, In the mineral dis-
tricts in the State of Michigan where the surveys
could not be made by the ordinary compass, and
the solar compass had to be employed, the high-
est price ever paid was six dollars a mile; and
the ordinary surveying price is from four to five
dollars a mile. Of course, in mountainous Ter-
] ntories like New Mexico, Utah, and Oregon, the
j price of surveying ought to be more; but this is
| a matter of dollars and cents, which would not
: injure the Government very much at any rate.
] Mr. RUSK. I do not intend to consume the
I time of the Senate, and I am sorry that I am
compelled to speak. I am utterly astonished at
' the Senator from Michigan. He has callcd on
[ me half a dozen times to vote to divide land dis-
; triets so as to get them within thirty or forty
I miles of those who desired to enter and buy
! lands; and I have uniformly voted with him to do
j so; but now he can see no necessity for creating
| a place where a man's title can b? adjudicated
[ in his own neighborhood, and prevent him from
making a journey of seven hundred miles through
a Territory full of hostile Indians. If a gentle-
man happens to own a tract of land near Tucson,
he must make a journey of seven hundred miles
to Santa Fe, and there appear before commis-
sioners; and how long must he stay before they
can determine it ? X do not intend to continue
the debate.
Mr. STUART, I am sorry the Senator should
have so misunderstood me. I certainly did not
say any such thing, unless I very much abused
the use of language. I said there was a neces-
sity forsomething being done, and that a bill was
prepared for that purpose, for ascertaining the
extent of these very titles, which proposes to do
that and nothing else. I did not intend to say,
and did not say, that nothing should be done;
but I intended to say that this bill provides for
doing too much. The ascertainment of the land
titles is a small part of it. It undertakes to dis-
pose of all the titles within this territory.
So far as the requests alluded to have been
made on my friend, I do not know but that I have
made them. I know that when I want to get a
measure carried in the Senate, I desire his good
wishes. I do not recollect ever having asked him
to vote for such a bill as he describes, and I did
not know that I had done so; but I confess that
if it were hard work to pass a bill, I should ask
him, because I should want his help. I would
go as far as I could conscientiously go to oblige
liim in this or any other matter.
Mr. PUGH. The bill to which the Senator
fiom Michigan refers^ reported by the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, will not meet the difficulty
here. _ It will take ten years, I believe, for that
commission to settle the titles on the Rio Grande,
without ever reaching these titles. I think the
history of California shows that. As to the ob-
jectionable eighth section, I have looked some-
what into the civil law about mines, and into the
the common law, and I believe it is a declaration
of simply what the law now is; and therefore I
have no hesitation in voting for it.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I do not wish to
delay the Senate by any suggestions of mine,nor
do I desire to defeat this bill; but I had only a
few minutes of time to look at it in the committee,
and supposed it to be all right, understanding that
the honotable Senator from Vermont had exam-
ined its details; but I have a suggestion to make
to my honorable friend from Texas on this sub-
ject, which has occurred to me on hearing the
provisions of the bill read.
I think it is of importance that we should pass
this bill in some shape or other, if possible, at the
present session. I see the necessity of doing
