ism.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
something for the inhabitants of this region of
country, so as to give them the protection of law.
When the treaty providing for the Gadsden pur-
chase, as it is called, was before the Senate, my
only motive for giving it my support, as I now
remember, was to provide a country through
which it was practicable to construct a railroad
to the Pacific, tinder the provisions of this bill,
if it be passed, of course settlers will go in with
rapidity, and military posts will follow or precede
them; for the Government would not think of
allowing settlers to proceed to this country, under
the circumstances, without accompanying them
by the establishment of military posts. I take it
that the mostdesirable portion of the whole Gads-
den purchase will be those valleys and tracts of
country which would, have to be selected for the
route of a railroad. If I have not forgotten the
views expressed by the honorable Senator from
Texas, on the occasion to which I have alluded,
he concurred with me that it was most desirable
to make this acquisition from Mexico, in order
that we might have a practicable route for a rail-
road to the Pacific. Now, what I submit to the
honorable Senator at present is, whether some
provision ought not to be made for reservations
of land on some line already indicated by explor-
ing parties, or by himself, from his own knowl-
edge of the country, or by other gentlemen who
have knowledge in regard to it, for the construction
of that road. Under the very sweeping provisions
of this bill, allowing settlers to acquire titles by
occupancy, without any limitation, I take it that
the desirable lands through which the railroad
must pass, if it pass at all, will all be occupied,
and we shall thus lose this great resource which
was contemplated — the public lands which the
United States might hold upon any route that
might be designated for a railroad between the
States on the Mississippi and the Pacific coast.
I trust the honorable Senator from Texas will
agree that a reservation ought to be made equal
to alternate sections for six miles right and left
on each side, for the purpose of constructing that
great road. As this bill stands, I can see that
there will be, in a few years, no lands to be ceded
in aid of the construction of a railroad to the Pa-
cific. That was the great object with me in the
quisition of this territory, ana I hope it will not
be lost sight of. I do not care to have any par-
ticular line designated, if it be provided that the
surveyor general shall select, on some route which
lias been explored partially or fully, lands for the
purpose I have indicated. I think it is pretty
generally conceded by practical engineers, that a
route leading by the Mesilla valley, and thence
to some point near the head of the Gulf of Cali-
fornia, or deflecting northward to the State of
California, is the only one where it is practicable
to construct a railroad to the Pacific. I make this
suggestion to my honorable friend, that he may
consider it.
Mr. RUSK. I have thought that matter over,
and I would much prefer to have industrious set-
tlers on all the good land, than to have a scramble
in Congress for alternate sections.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Then this is a total
abandonment of the original object professed in
the acquisition of this territory. I can see the
necessity of encouraging settlements, because
otherwise the road cannot be constructed at any
ordinary cost; but X cannot perceive the necessity
of a total abandonment of the object we bad ori-
ginally in view in acquiring this territory. I think
the passage of this bill, making unlimited dona-
tions of all the cultivable land, will be an aban-
donment of that object. If we make donations
for settling this country, the settlers will have to
be protected by military forces; the lands will be
taken up; and there will be none for the railroad.
I think the Senator from Texas has not found,
nor have any other Senators from a new State
found, any difficulty in a "scramble" for lands
to be appropriated in aid of the construction of
railroads. Usually there is no scramble; but such
grants are conceded by a very general, not to say
unanimous, vote of Congress. Witness the grant
recently made with so much facility, and so little
inquiry. The question now is whether we ought
not to make some reservations for this great pur-
pose; and I call on the honorable Senator from
Texas to say whether the object of acquiring this
territory was not mainly to obtain a practicable
route for a railroad to the Pacific coast?
Mr. RUSK. Certainly, and we have procured
a practicable route.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. All I suggest is
the propriety of making an adequate reservation
of land.
Mr. RUSK. I have voted several times to
give the land, but I have failed.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Through this ter-
ritory ?
Mr. RUSK. Certainly.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I hope a provision
of that kind will be inserted, but I do not offer it
myself.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I had thought of this very
matter which ha,s been called to the attention of
the Senate by the Senator from Tennessee, but
on reflection I agreed perfectly with the Senator
from Texas. This country is a new one; there
is no population; the extent of territory is very
vast. In my judgment, the best mode of encour-
aging the making of thg railroad is to encourage
the settling of the country by persons who will be
capable of protecting the road and aiding it along.
I have no apprehension whatever that under this
bill, or any bill, however lavish it may be of the
public lands, anybody of men can be got there to
a sufficient number to cover the country. If they
could be got there, we should then want no lands
for the road, but they would build it themselves.
I should be very sorry indeed to see any re-
striction put on this bill, so far as the railroad is
concerned. I think, as amatter of sound policy,
the views of the Senator from Texas are right,
and that the Senator from Tennessee, who is a
good friend of the road which we both desire to
see made, is mistaken in the policy of desiring a
reservation of any portion of this land; because if
we get a few settlers settled along the particular
line where the road may ultimately pass, it will
be very easy to eet a passage for the road not-
withstanding those settlements, and there will be
plenty of other iands to give for the road. And
further, the other laud which will remain will be
worth more, even after the scattering settlers shall
have picked out the best locations, than they
could be without those settlers being there._
Under all the circumstances I think this bill
will encourage a rapid settlement of this territory,
and by so doing will be the best possible promoter
of the success of the enterprise which we both
have at heart—the construction of the Pacific
railroad along the Mesilla valley. My friend
from Tennessee, I know, is in favor of that pro-
ject; I am myself very much in favor of it; and
I trust this bill will be allowed to pass without
further opposition from those who are friendly to
that enterprise.
The PRESIDENT p,-o trmpcre. The question
is on the amendment reported by the Committee
on Territories as amended.
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in.
Mr. CRITTENDEN and Mr. STUART called
for the yeas and nays 011 the question of ordering
the bill to be engrossed and read a third time._
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Me-'s::-. AUcn, Bell of Ternessce, Benjamin,
Bigg^, Bigler, Brown. Clay. r.vans. Fiteh; Fitz-
patnek, Houston. Iverton, Malloiy. Mason. Pu!*h, Reid,
Rusk. Sewaid, £31kM1, Toomh*. V. eller,anrt Viilee—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Buglit. Coiiamer, Cuttcmlcn, Fessen-
den, Pi-!]. Foot, I'n vr- Green, Nourse, Stuart, Tiumbuli,
Wade, and Wilson—13.
The bill was read a third time and passed.
THE ADMISSION OF OREGON.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask the Senate now to take
up the bill (H. R. No. 7) to authorize the people
of the Territory of Oregon to form a constitution
and State government, preparatory to their admis-
sion into the Union on an equal footing with the
original States.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move that the Senate ad-
journ. „
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope the Senate will allow
this bill to be taken up, at any rate.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to; and
the Senate, proceeded as in Committee of the
Whole," to the consideration of the bill, (II. R.
No. 7.)
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will state that the provis-
ions of this bill are the same as the Minnesota
bill. The Committee 011 Territories have reported
an amendment as to the boundaries. This bill
contains the same provision in regard to the right
of suffrage which the Senate to-day inserted^ in
the Minnesota bill, restricting the right of voting
to citizens of the United States. I ask that the
amendments of the committee may be read. It is
unnecessary to read the whole bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The rules of
the Senate require thata bill shall be read through-;
and that reading can only be dispensed with by
the general consent of the Senate.
Mr. STUART. We only want to have the
amendments read.
The reading of the bill at length was dispensed
with; and the Secretary read the first amendment,
which was to strike out—
Beginning at the mouth of the Columbia river; thence
up the ccnter of the main channel of the game to the point
where the one hundred and twentieth parallel of longitude
crosses the same; thence along the said parallel of longitude
south, to the southern boundary of said Territory; thence
along said southern boundary west to the Pacific ocean;
thence along said ocean to the place of beginning;
And insert the following:
Beginning at the mouth of the Columbia river; thence up
the main channel of said river to the forty-sixth parallel of
latitude east of Cascade mountains ; thence ea^t on said
parallel to the Shoshonee river, (sometimes called Snake
river, or Lewis's Fork; (thence up the mam channel of
he Shoshonee to the mouth of Owyhee river; thence due
south to the forty-second parallel of north latitude; thence
west on said parallel to the Pacific ocefin : tbcnce north-
ward, sufficient distance from the coast to include the ad-
jacent islands, to the place of beginning.
Mr. DOUGLAS. This change extends the
boundarv'eastward about two degrees of longi-
tude, and makes the proposed State much larger
than the House bill provided for. This change
is made by the unanimous consent of the Com-
mittee 011 Territories of this body, and the Dele-
gate from Oregon in the other House,
j Mr. TOOMBS. I should like to inquire of the
I chairman of the Committee on Territories what
! evidence he has of the population of the Territory
of Oregon ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let the vote be taken on the
question of boundary, and I will answer the Sen-
ator.
Mr. TOOMBS. Very well.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to inquire what
area this amendment will give to the proposed
State ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think the area will be
ninety-four thousand square miles, including a
considerable mountainous district. It is a very
large area.
Mr. FOOT. How does it compare with Cali-
fornia?
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is less than California.
It is larger than any State of the Union except
Texas or California. Illinois contains about six-
ty-five thousand square miles, and Missouri about
sixty-seven thousand square miles. In consc-
| quence of including so large an extent of mount-
ji ainous region, we propose to put Oregon at about
; ninety-five thousand square miles. Probably it
■ contains as much good soil as the State of Ohio,
'' or the ordinary sized western States.
!| Mr. FOOT." How much larger than Minne-
sota is it ?
' Mr. DOUGLAS. Some twenty thousand square
' miles larger.
! | Mr. BIGGS. A consideration for this amend-
i| ment is that it increases the size of the proposed
' State, and renders totally unnecessary, probably
J for the next fifty years, the creation of another
j! territorial government. As the bill came from the
!! House of Representatives, the square miles con-
j; tained within the boundary which they proposed
Ij were notquite sixty thousand, according to^thees-
: | timate made by the Commissioner of the General
; Land Office, but this amendment makes the area
!j about ninety thousand square miles. It also ren-
1; ders totally unnecessary another territorial gov-
'1 eminent, because it includes within the proposed
State all the territory within that region that will
probably be settled by white persons for fifty
i! years to conic. Anotheramendrnent ofthe com-
'i mittee is to put the remainder of the Tenitory
' i of Oregon under the jurisdiction of the 1 erritoiy
of Washington.
The amendment was agreed to.
!; The second amendment of the Committee on
'' i Territories was adopted. It is to &dd} an addi-
!j tional section;
\\ Sec. 9. be it farther enacted, That the residue of the
