822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
Territory of Oregon, not included within the limits of the
proposed State, be, and the same is hereby, attached to, and
incorporated withm, the limits of the Territory of Wash-
ington.
Mr. CLAY. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Perhaps we can get a vote
on the bill.
Mr. CLAY. I think not.
The question being taken on the motion to ad-
journ, there were, on a division, ayes 10, noes 19
'—no quorum voting.
Mr. CLAY. I submit the question, whether
we shall continue to legislate here without a quo-
rum?
Mr. BENJAMIN. "We may as well adjourn;
if we do, this bill will go over to Monday as the
unfinished business.
Mr. GREEN. With the indulgence of the
Senate I desire to submit an amendment, which
I shall present for consideration. I submit it
now, and move that it be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
informed that the Senator oilers a printed amend-
ment.
Mr. GREEN. I propose that it be printed
because I do not know that there are enough
copies of it now to supply the Senate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let it he rend.
Mr. TOOMBS. What is it?
Mr. GREEN. It is to place Kansas on the
same basis, to authorize her to form a State con-
stitution. It is precisely the bill which was passed
at the last session at the instance of the Senator
from Georgia.
The amendment was ordered to be printed; and
Hie Sen|Ue adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February ^3,1857.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen V. Hill.
Tiie Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
CKKDKNTIALS.
Mr. FOSTER presented the credentials of the
Hon. James Dixon, elected a Senator by the Le-
gislature of the State of Connecticut for the term
of six years, from and after the 4t!i of March,
3857; which were read, and ordered to be placed
on the files.
Mr. CASS presented the credentials of tin: 1 Ion.
^Zachariah Chanui.hu, elected a Senator by the
Legislature of the State of Michigan for the con-
stitutional term commencing the 4th March, 1857;
which wen; read, and ordered to be filed.
Mr. HUNTER presented the credentials of the
Hon. James M. Mason, elected a Senator by the
Legislature of the State of Virginia for six yeais
from the 4th of March, 1851; which were read,
and ordered to be tiled.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. STUART presented the memorial of Wil-
liam D. Nutt, a clerk in the Trcasuty Depart-
ment, praying for compensation for extra ser-
vices; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Maine, praying for the adoption of measures
for effecting a Congress of Nations, lor the pur-
pose of organizing a Peace Convention; which
was ordered to he on the table.
Mr. RUSK presented a petition of citizens of
Galveston,Texas,praying that the plan proposed
by the Secretary of the Treasury for a building
for the custom-house, post office, and United
States courts at that place may not be adopted,
and proposing a substitute for the same; which
was referred to (he Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WELLER presented the petition of Pa~
cifico Sanchez, the petition of Ignacio Ortega,
the petition of Theodore Arellanen, the petition
of Leandro Gonzales, and the petition of Jer-
vacio Ayala, praying tor indemnity for property
taken by Lieutenant Colonel Fremont for the use
of the army in California; which were referred
to the Court of Claims.
Mr. WILSON presented the memorial of the
Cape Cod Telegraph Company, of Massachu-
setts, praying for an appropriation to aid in the
establishment of a line of marine signal stations
on the coast of Massachusetts; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
POSTAL REFORM.
Mr. SEWARD. I have received from the
secretary of the Postal Reform Committee in the
city of New York the form of a bill for regulating
postages in the United States, which is based, as
they tell me, on the principles of the postage laws
of England; and I am requested to introduce it
to the Senate, and urge its passage. I have exam-
ined it; and while I find many things in it which
I cordially approve, there are others which I
cannot adopt; but as I think the subject is im-
portant, and agree with the committee in the
importance of having it before the public, I ask
leave to present the bill, together with the com-
munication, in the form of a petition, and ask that
it be printed.
The motion to print was agreed to
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
636) making appropriations for the service of the
Poyt Office Department during the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1858, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 591) for the relief of Mary Wood-
bury, Elizabeth Odcll, and others, reported it
without amendment, and tlnitit ought not to pass.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 533)
directing the pension due James Huey, deceased,
and Jane Huey, his widow, deceased, to be paid
to their sole heir, Alexander B. Huey, of Georgia,
reported it without amendment, and submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the
memorial of Joseph Menard, submitted a report,
accompanied l>v a hill (S. No. 653) to amend an
act entitled "An art to authorize a re-location
of land warrants number three, four, and five,
granted by Congress to General La Fayette," ap-
proved February 18*15. The hill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a motion to print
three thousand copies of Professor Espy'a fourth
meteorological report, reported in favor of print-
ing three thousand additional copies of said report
in addition to the usual number, with seventy of
the maps accompanying the same.
On motion of Mr. SEI3ASTIAN, it was
Onlnu-<t, That the, Committee on Indian Affairs be dis-
ehuiged tiom tlio Itmlier com ideianon <>t the momonat of
Tiionuw Rapei and tiie heirs of William Reid, the petition
of Johnson K Ko^eK, and the memoiiul of the Legislative
Aw'inbly <>t itie 'IVuitoiv of New Meuco, ie«peetmy In-
dian depiedaiioiis m that Teuitoiy; the pennon of L.
Hutehmsoii and other U'-ident^ of the tfioekhridge Indian
rex'ive; aad the lull No. 01) toauthonze the sale of the
Government iamls at the Storkbi id e reservation, iState of
Wisconsin, and the issuing of patents to the lands in said
reservation.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CLAY asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 620)
granting- public lands in alternate sections to the
State of Alabama to aid in the construction of a
certain railroad in satd State; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. DOUGLAS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 621)
to authorize an additional term of the United
States courts in the southern district of Illinois;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WELLER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring;in a bill (S. Wo. 622)
to expedite the construction of a line or lines of
magnetic telegraph from the Atlantic States to
San Francisco, m the State of California; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Officc and Post Roads.
SAN FRANCISCO MARINE HOSPITAL.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
.the joint resolution (S. No. 48) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to audit and settle the
accounts of the contiactor for erecting the United
States marine hospital at San Francisco, Califor-
nia. It proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Treasury to settle upon principles of equity and
justice the accounts of the contractor for the erec-
tion of the United States marine hospital at San
Francisco, California, and pay to him whatever
amount may be found to be justly due to him
under the contract.
The resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PATENT LAWS.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred the
petition of Benjamin D. Sanders, reported a bill
(S. No. 619) to authorize certain patented articles
to be stamped in packages, and to limit the time
for commencing actions; which was read a first
time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. BROWN. I am instructed by the com-
mittee, inasmuch as this is a matter very import-
ant to patentees, to ask the Senate to put the bill
on its passage this morning. A word of expla-
nation will show the necessity for it.
The sixth section of the patent act of 1842
requires all patented articles to be stamped. Very
many of them are so small that it is impossi-
ble to comply with the law. For instance, who
could stamp a patent pill, or a very small screw,
or a hundied other cuticles? The law as it stands
is simply absurd, and the penalty is very severe.
This bill merely proposes that when the articles
are too small to admit of a stamp, the Commis-
sioner of Patents may authorize the patentee to
stamp them in packages, and that that shall be
considered a compliance with the law. Then, aa
heavy penalties have already been incurred, it
limits the time for commencing those actions to
three months from the passage of the act. With
this explanation, I ask for the passage of the bill.
Mr. STUART. I must ask that the bill lie
over until to-morrow, that I may see it pi'inted.
The bill was laid over. '
CLAIMS UNDER THE ASHBURTON TREATY.
Mr. WADE. I ask the Senate to take up
the bill (S. No. 523) to provide for the quieting
of certain land titles in the late disputed territory
in the State of Maine, and for other purposes.
There are some fifty or sixty titles rendered un-
certain and insecure by reason of the running of
the northeast boundary as provided for by the
I treaty. The Senate will remember that towards
I the latter partofthelast session,the Committee on
; Claims was empowered to send out an agent there
for the purpose of ascertaining the quantity and
the value of the lands in dispute. He has done
so; it is all perfectly plain; and I think the Senate,
if they will give their attention to it for a very
short time, will be enabled to come to a conclu-
sion and pass the bill. Inasmuch as it will render
certain titles in dispute, I think it is due to the
parties that it be taken up now and disposed of.
1 move, therefore, that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It provides for paying to Laura A. Stebbins,
of Bangor, Maine; Catherine C. Ward, of Rox-
bury, Massachusetts; Rufus Mansur, of Houl-
ton, Maine; and James A. Drew, of Plitenix,
Rhode Island, the sum of §3,353 each, being, in
all, $13,422, in full compensation for three thou-
sand three hundred and fifty-three acres of land,
in the half township in the State of Maine, granted
by the State of Massachusetts to the late General
Eaton, and called the " Eaton grant," to which
these partieslosttitle by the operation of thefourth
article of the treaty of August 9,1842, " To settle
and define the boundary between the United States
and the possessions of her Britannic Majesty in
Noi th America;" on the condition that these per-
sons shall execute deeds of release to the parties
holding " possessory," or "equitable possessory
claims," to the three thousand three hundred and
fifty-three acres of land, or any portion thereof,
! as described in the reports made to the Governor
! and Council of Maine, by Ebenezer Hutchinson
j and others, commissioners under a resolution
i passed by the Legislature of that State on the
; 12th of April, 1854, if it shall appear to the satis-
| faction of the land agent of the State of Maine
l that such deeds of release do effectually convey a
