1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
823
good title to the lands, except so far as the titles
Have been affected by the operation of the treaty.
It also provides for paying to Edmund Monroe
and Benjamin Sewall, of Boston, Massachusetts,
413,540, in full compensation for three thousand
three hundred and eighty-five acres of land in the
western half of Plymouth township, so called, in
Maine, and f6,768 to Rufus Mansur, of Houlton,
Maine, and James A. Drew, of Phcenix, Rhode
Island, in full compensation for sixteen hundred
and ninety-two acres of land in the eastern half
of that township, to which these parties severally
lost title by the operation of the fourth article
of the aforesaid treaty, under the same restric-
tions. It also provides for paying to Laura A.
Stebbins, of Bangor, Maine, and Catherine C.
Ward, of Dorchester, Massachusetts, $6,650; and
to Edmund Monroe and Benjamin Sewall, of the
city of Boston, §7,635; and to James A. Drew, of
Phoenix, PJiode Island, and Rufus Mansur, of
Houlton, Maine, $9,328; these sums being in full
compensation, at the rate of one dollar per acre,
for timber taken from lands owned by these par-
ties, respectively, and located in the Eaton grant
and Plymouth township, (so called,) in Maine,
and within the district recognized as the " dis- ,
puted territory," and which timber was taken off i
and lost to the proprietors in consequence of the |
diplomatic arrangements entered into between the j
United States and Great Britain in 1832, by J
which both parties agreed to abstain from the J
exercise of jurisdiction in this territory. !
Mr. EVANS. I observe that this bill contem- 1
plates an appropriation of nearly fifty thousand j
dollars, and I should like to hear the report read, j
so as to be satisfied with the justice of it. ]
Mr. STUART. If the Senator is willing to j
waive that proposition for the present,.I think I
can explain the character of the bill probably so j
that he will understand it. i
, Mr. EVANS. Very well, sir.
Mr. STUART. This question, Mr. President, 1
I regard as highly important in two respects. In :
the first place, it is of considerable importance on j
account of the amount which will be involved if
the decision of the Senate should be in favor of
this bill; but more than that, it is of paramount |
importance in respect to the construction which
this Government intends to apply to treaties of j
this kind. j
These claims are set up under what is known
as the Asliburton treaty m regard to the north- i
eastern boundary, and they arise under a con- '
struction which is said, and I suppose correctly
said, to have been given by the supreme court of
the State of Maine to thefouith aiticle of that
treaty. I am not prepared to say that I have ex-
amined this question at great length; but I have
examined it at some length, as far as I could, and
I confess, with all respect for the opinion of that
honorable court, I have come to a conclusion en-
tirely the opposite. I shall be glad if the Senate |
will give their attention to this question, not only
on account of the present bill, but on account of \
another fact: at the last session of Congress a bill
was passed involving the same questions precisely,
and, so far as I know, the attention of neither
House was drawn to it. That bill, which in-
volved only about one thousand dollars in amount,
has come to be regarded in somedegree as a pre-
cedent by which to establish the construction of
this treaty.
Then again, sir, the resolution was passed at
some time last session, as stated by the honora-
ble Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] authorizing
the Committee on Claims to send a person to
Maine to take testimony as to the amount and
value of the claims arising under this article of
the treaty. I apprehend that that did not receive
the attention of the Senate, or that every Senator,
or even a majority of the Senators, understood
what was to be done. Indeed, it was one of those
things hastily done in the morning hour, that or-
dinarily do not attract much attention.
The fourth article of the treaty is in these words:
"All grants of land heretofore made by cither party,
vvitlun the limits of the Tcrutory which by this treaty falls
within ihe dominions of tiie othei paity, shall be held valid,
ratified and confirmed to the persons in possession under
such grants, to the same extent as if such territory had by
this treaty fallen withm tiie dominions of thepai ty by whom
such grants were made."
That is the first branch, as you may say, of
this fourth article of the treaty. It continues:
" And all equitable possessory claims arising from a pos-
session and improvement of any lot or parcel of land by the
person actually in possession, or by those under whom such
person claims, for more than six years before the date of
this treaty, shall in like manner be deemed valid, and be
confirmed and quieted by a release to the person entitled
thereto, of the title to such lot or parcel of land so desenbed
as best to include the improvements made thereon."
This may be regarded as the second provision
of the article. The third is:
" And in all other respects the two contracting parties
agree to deal upon the most liberal principles of equity with
the settlers actually dwelling upon the territory falling to
them, respectively, which has heretofore been in dispute
between them."
Under the provisions of this article, the su-
preme court of the State of Maine has held that
a possessory right, created by an occupation of
six years by a British subject, on an individual
title derived from the State of Massachusetts,
which title falls on this side of the boundary line,
is paramount to the individual title; and it is upon
that decision that this bill rests. Now, let us see.
The treaty says: " all grants of land heretofore
made by either party." Who are the parties?
In strictness, as to an ordinary treaty, Great Brit-
ain and the United States are the parties; but it
will be remembered that the States of Massachu
| what it had a right to do. The Government of
j Great Britain or New Brunswick, or the Govern-
ment of the United States through Massachusetts
or Maine, had a right to give titles; and they had
given titles. They had a right to say that a six
years' occupancy should be sufficient to obtain a
title. They had a right to say that as to their
land a less number of years would induce them to
use the most liberal terms. 'But I ask what right
had either Government to take an individual title?
That is an important question growing out of
the construction of this treaty; because if you
concede that the Governments of the United States
and Great Britain in making a treaty have a right
to take the individual titles of citizens, you con-
cede what I apprehend has never been conceded
before. On the contrary I have stated what is my
impression in regard to international law where
nothing is said in a treaty on that subject. It is
the law of justice. Here is a district of country,
the true boundary through which is disputed.
You are a British subject if you please, sir, and 1
a Spanish subject; and we go on and occupy lands,
claiming under our respective Governments. Our
respective Governments give to each of us a title.
  . . , i We hold our lands under the only authority that
setts and Maine consented to this treaty, and it is j 0f believes has a right to give the title.
 i ;—:ui„ ~ . 0 P ■ .i .
I By-and-by, the Governments, they being the only
j parties who can settle the question, agree to ascer-
; tain, run, and define the boundary, and it turns
| out that I, being a Spanish subject, and deriving
; title from the Spanish Government, am thrown
: on the British side of the line. The principle of
J eternal justice is to give me my title to the land.
I That is this case.
i Now, Mr. President, I call the attention of Sen-
! ators to the fact that, if the construction adopted
j by the supreme court of Maine shall be adopted
by Congress, and be determined to be the settled
: law of the land, this condition of things will arise:
i a man who holds a title derived from the State of
: Maine to land falling on the New Brunswick side
. of the line, keeps his title under the treaty; but if
. he holds a title to land derived from the State of
j Maine, which falls on this side of the line, he
J loses it by a six years'occupation of the land by
j a British subject. In other words, the man whose
: land fails on the British side of the line, deriving
! title from the State of Massachusetts, is better off
| than the man whose land falls on the American
i side of the line. I apprehend no court ought to
I give a construction—no Congress oughtto give a
! construction, which will produce that result, un-
less that is the only construction which can be
perhaps permissible to say, for the purposes of
this article, that they were the parties. If that con-
struction be given, it will only go to make the claim
in this case weaker. The claim in this case will
be weaker, if it be admitted that Massachusetts
and Maine are parties to the treaty, than it will
be if they are excluded, and the parlies are un-
derstood to be only the United States and Great
Britain. Let me again read the whole of the first
subdivision of this article, and then I ask the at-
! tention of the Senate to the views which I enter-
! tain upon this question:
"All grants of land heretofore made by either party within
, the limit.- ot the territory which by tin * treaty falls withm
1 the dominions of the other party, shall lie held valid, rat-
i ltied. and confirmed to the persons in po^esnon under such
' grants to the same extent as if such teintory had by this
; treaty fallen within the dominions of the party by whom
, such grants were made."
j There is the extent to which these titles are con-
i firmed. They ire to havethesame effect falling on
| this side of the line, as if a grant made by New
j Brunswick or Great Britain had fallen on theNew
; Brunswick side of the line. I think that does not
j vary what would be the international law without
' it. On the principles of international law—I may
; be wrong, but this is my supposition—in a case of
i disputed boundary, where the subjects of both
I parties were settling upon the land under grants ji properly given to the article, if it will bear a con-
i made by each party, upon a definite ascertain- I struction which will give our citizens on this side
' ment of the tiue line, the grants would be equally j j of the line as good g title as it gives them on the
valid on each side of the line, if derived from the ji other side oftheline,thatisdoubtlesstheconstruQ-
opposite Government, as if derived from the Gov- 1! tion which ought to be given. You will see, Ml*,
ernment owning the land on that side. But ;! President, that I am right when I read again the
whether that be so or not, that is the effect of this ;J first subdivision of this article:
provision; and therefore a grant madebyMassa- |! "All grants of land heretofore made by either party within
cbusetts or Maine of land which, b^ this bound- !i
and confirmed to the persons in possession under such
grants, to the same extent as if such territory had by this
treaty fallen within the dominions of the party by whom,
euch giants weie made."
Therefore, if Massachusetts or Maine has
granted a title which falls on the New Brunswick
side, that is a good title; it is a good title against
everybody; it is a good title against actual pos-
session. But the supreme court of Maine has
decided that a man holding a title under Massa-
chusetts to land which falls on this side of the
boundary line, loses that title by a six years' occu-
pancy of a British subject, under the fourth article
! of the treaty.
! There is another fact in this case which ought
j to attract the attention of the Senate. The Ian-
; guage on the first subdivision is, " confirmed
i to the persons in possession." Evidently that
i means the legal possession—that possession which
j the title draws to itselfc a man who holds the
; legal title to land is deemed in possession. When
; it comes to speak of the six years' occupancy, it
uses this language: ''By the person actually m
1 possession."" It'therefore makes that distinction
! which is known to the law, between a legal pos-
' session o'oin0'with the title, and an actual pos-
-ession without title. This strengthens my con-
ary,falls on the New Brunswick side, is a valid ;
grant, made so by this treaty.
I suppose—and, indeed, after the attention I
have given this subject I have no doubt—that this
fo'urth article of the treaty is confined entirely to
grants of public land by either Government. On
this side they would be, of course, grants from
Massachusetts and Maine, because the United
States had no land there to grant. If my views
obtain, the whole article is consistent, because
you will see, sir, that the first branch of the arti-
cle confirms titles actually made; the second
branch agrees to give a title where none has been
given, but where there is a six years' actual occu-
pation; the third branch agrees to deal on liberal
terms with all settlers.
Take rny \ iev,- of it, and it is a consistent arti-
cle. In the first place, the Government has giv en
a title which falls on the other side of the line;
that title is confirmed. In the next place, the Gov-
ernment has not given a title, but there is a six
years'occupation upon the land, and the treaty
says; that six years' actual occupation shall secure
to the occupant a title. The third branch says
that, although an actual settler may not have been
there for six years, though he may have been
there a less number of years, yet beingaioiinjide
occupant under the Government which he sup- ! struction; and X say that, though there may be a
posed owned the land,heshall be dealt with upon j! six years'occupancy of land which, unuer tins
i the most liberal terms. Upon this construction of j; treaty, falls on the British side of the line, to
i the article, the Government undertook only to do J which a title was grunted by Massachusetts, the
