824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
first article overthrows? that occupancy, because
the possession implied by the tide is all the pos-
session required by that subdivision of the treaty,
and it confirms it; but this court has said that an
actuai occupancy on this side of the line over-
throws an individual title. That is a doctrine
which but for the very high character of this
court 1 should say was absurd in itself.
Again, this articlc, you will sec, sir, provides
that a release shall be given. By whom ? Who
is to release the land ? By the broadest construc-
tions of this treaty, the only parties to it are Great
Britain and the United States, and Massachusetts
and Maine assenting. In the case of an indi-
vidual tide sought to be overthrown by an actual
occupancy of six years, who is to executc the
release ? In order that this point may be clearly
understood, I will read the provision again:
u Anti all equitable pobsc-sory chums an-in^ tiom a pos-
session and improvement of any lot or parcel of land, by
the poison actually m po-sc^ion, or by thofC under whom
such person claims, lor morn than mx ycais bolbie the date
of thu treaty, bhall in like manner be deemed valid, and
be confirmed and quieted by a lelease."
Has this Government undertaken to give a 1
release to land owned by an individual? How j
can it do so ? Suppose, sir, that you own the |
land in controversy; your tnlo is from the State 1
of A'hune; how can this Government compel you '
to release it? It cannot be done. It brings us j
back to that interpretation of the foiuth article of ,
the treaty which is not only sensible and consist-
ent with itself, but with the subject about which
they were treating. Let it be public land, and the
release can be given. If land held under the
Crown of England falls on the American side of
the boundary line, the. Government of England
gives a release to the individual who has had six
years5 occupation. It' land claimed by Massachu-
setts or Maine falling on the New Hi unswick side
of the boundai y were occupied six years or more,
Massachusetts or Maine release tin* light they
have to the land. That can ho done, and that
would be done, according to my eonxtiuetmn.
Now proceed to file emuuderalnm of the case
of the third class of setdeis who have not been
upon the ground for six y<-aw;, but have an equit-
able right. Tin: tienty says that (he Govern-
ments will deal with these persons upon most
liberal terms. That they eau do, for it is their
land. It belongs to Great Britain, to the United
States, or to Massai huseits or Maine, who weie
consenting to this boundary line, end wen: paid
for their consent, it will be ivcollivti d thai the
Umled Statitf paid those two Stales, I think,
some three bundled thousand dollais for then-
consent to this treaty- When, however, you
undertake to give to the treaty the construction'"
which the supreme court of j\];!ine has given to j,
it, and say that it lakes individual pioperty ho-;|
longing to an American churn, and gives it to a ''
IkilKsh subject on tin- principle uf occupation, and
binds tin'to confirm that by a release, you gi\e it 1
a construction which makes it impossible to fulfill ■!
it in terms—aconstruetion which is repugnant to |
nil ideas of strict justice—one which makes it in- ,j
consistent with itself by giving a man a good title i j
on the .New Brunswick side, and taking it away ;
from him on this side, though in both cases ho
holds it from the same source, the State of Mas- '!
oachusetts,
1 have deemed it my duty to call the attention ,
of the Senate to these farts, and to pn s-nt thus '
briefly my view*. I have thought it the morel'
iny duty from the fact that the bill of last year, !,
involving this very question, passed without ex- 1
citing any interest here at nil. It was taken up, '
as we sometimes take up private lulls, in the morn- i
ing hour, and hurried through without a word be-1
ing sard. I trust that whatever may be the judg- >
roent of the naie on thu question', it will not be !
a judgment without the fullest understanding of
it; because if tb.s Government is going to rsub- 'j
lish the principle that it has by treaty the right i
to take individual property and give it to occu- 1
pants of other countries, it is time that that right -
should be known and defined. Kor myself, Tdo
not believe that the Gov< mment. under the Con-;!
stitution,has the right; but e\en if if has the right,
I have no idea that it was attempted to be exer- ;
cised in this case. 3 think that every provision :
of the fourth article of thy treaty h.al respect to
public lands alone, arid had no refeience what- h
ever to individual titles.
Mr. WADE. I should not have called up this
bill at the present time if there had not been more
than one individual concerned in it; because I
know we have amultiplicity of business, and quite
as much as we shall Be able to get through with;
but it seems to me that the case was an important
one and should be decided on the first occasion by
the Senate, and the bill sent to the House of Rep-
resentatives that it might be passed there. A
large number of individuals are very much inter-
ested in the question now before us, although the
amount of interest of each is not very great. I
believe the whole amount in controversy here is
something less than $60,000. That is all that is
required to settle all these titles.
Mr. EVANS. IIow many more are there?
Mr. WADE. None. This bill embraces all
that have any interest who have not been already
provided for. The Committee on Claims, who
liad the matter under consideration pretty early
in the last session, and also again at this session,
did not think it a very intricate question. The
great difficulty with us was to ascertain all the
facts in reference to the rights of these individ-
uals; but the principle of law involved we did not
think very intricate; and I believe we all came to
the same conclusion.
It is a historical fact that our northeastern
boundary, especially the lino between the prov-
ince of New Biunswick and the State of Maine,
was for a long time in dispute between the
Governments of Gieat Biitaiu and the United
States—Great Untnin claiming a line which en-
croached on the territory we claimed as ours, to
the extent, in some places, I believe, of nearly
one hundred miles; in others less. The dispute
was referred to the King of Holland, who made
a report; but we did not agree to that report, and
it was still m dispute. The country began to be
settled by the citizens both of Great ihitain and
the United States, each according to what its i
Government churned to be the true boundary. !
In 1S4*J, when the Ashluuton treaty was con- 1
eluded, tli.it was the state of affairs. JNew Bruns-
wick had grimed a gr^nt many titles to land up
to the boundary line which limy claimed to be the
true one. On ihe other hand, the States of Mas-
sachusetts and Maine had gi anted titles up to the
line which they claimed to be the true boundary. 1
Then came tin- lualy; and it was natural, it, was
right, it was proper, to provide some remedy for '
those peis'uis whose tides would necessarily be j
affect* d by settling the boundary. It was foie- \
seen that when the line was fixed, many grunts !
Irom New Brunswick, of that portion of the tor- ■
ntory which wasclaimed by her before the bound- '
ary_w;:s setded, wnatd fall within the State of j
Maine, and be grantid by Alamo to her citizens, i
so that thoie would be conflicts of title. That |
was perfectly plain; it was foreseen, and it was !
pioper to provide for if. if the Government had j
power to make Mich a piovision. 1
Now, 1 understand the Senator fiom Michigan '
to deny that the Gen, inmen! had a light to dis- |
place any of tho^v tides*, or to affect them at oil
by the ti"<uy He;-\i\s international taw would
prevent any such thin 5 A t all events, he claims
that the Goy< nnn'uu of the United Suites could
not make a pro\ ision by which one of the citizens
of Maine would be deprived of any title she
might grant in the disputed territory. I had not
supposed that there was any such limit to the
treaty-making power under the Constitution. [
have always supposed that the Governm"nt, under
the express piovudouR of the Constitution of the
United States, ho-1 an undoubted right to take the
pthafe property of any individual for the public
use, making him compensation then for. That
is a light which Governments always exercise,
and it is provided for by our Constitution. Then
there can be no constitutional difficulty about it. j
If the settlement of this great international con-
troversy affected the rights of individuals, the :
arm of the Gov? rnmem was not to be shortened 'j
in order to respect the whim oi carniee of indi- 'j
viduals. If if was niccf-sary, the Government j
might take a man's land, they might take his
farm, and confer if upon anyborly; b\it then they
must make him full and ample compensation for
what they take. They have this right; all Gov-
ernments must have it, or the rights of the Gov-
ernment would be subject to the whim, caprice, 1
or perversity of any of its citizens.
Mr. STUART. if the Senator understood me
to say that the Government of the United States
has not the right to take individual property for
public purposes on making compensation, he mis-
understood me entirely. That I have not said.
But I have said that in this case, taking the case
just as it arises, the Government had no right to
declare that a possessory right under Great Brit-
ain should operate to take away an individual
title on this side of the line. It does not involve
the question of taking private property for public
purposes at all.
Mr. WADE.. I do not see why it does not
fall directly within that principle. Here I find
myself at issue with the Senator from Michigan,
and I believe that is the foundation of all the dif-
ference between us. If we have the right to give
a possessory title to a citizen of New Brunswick
and oust the title of the real owner under the
State of Maine or Massachusetts, then 1 suppose
the treaty has done exactly that thing, if it could
do it; for, foreseeing that just such a controversy
would arise, those who made the treaty, looking
to the rights of individuals thus to be affected,
provided that titles granted by either of the high
contracting parties should be ratified and con-
firmed if the land fell within the limits of the
other. There was no want of mutuality here.
The Senator has insinuated that we had the worst
of the bargain, that while we confirmed the titles
of British subjects derived from New Brunswick,
falling on our side of the line, they were not
compelled by the treaty to latify our titles falling
on their side in like manner. If it be so, it cer-
tainly docs not arise from any obscurity in the
language of the treaty, for it is entirely mutual
in all its terms, and I suppose it would be just as
incumbent on Great Britain to confirm the titles
of citizens of the United States falling on their
side as for us to confirm the titles of her subjects
on this side.
If this be the great principle that governs the
case, how stands the matter? Massachusetts and
Maine had gianted to individuals titles to this
land. Now Brunswick in agreat many instances
had also granted titles to the same land, they
i claiming n to be within their jurisdiction. Then
i comes the treaty, saying that these grants made
! by either of the parties and falling within the
jurisdiction of the other should be ratified and
confirmed. That brings us to the decision of the
court.
Upon that state of the case, I ask anybody how
the supreme court of Maine could have decided
this question m any other way than they did de-
cide it? They hold, in the language of the Con-
stitution, that treaties made under the Constitu-
tion are the supreme law of the land, and that
when a treaty undertakes to confer titles on a
British subieet, or to deprive an American citizen
of his title, it being within our jurisdiction and
power to do so, the treaty by its own vigor de-
prives the American citizen of the right to claim
his land. I do not see how they could have said
anything else. I do not see how the Senator can
contend that the treaty referred only to lands be-
longing to the United States or to the States of
Maine and Massachusetts.
He has hinted at another principle that I do not
at all understand. He says that somehow Maine
and Massachusetts were peculiarly parties to this
treaty. I want to know how the States of Maine
and Massachusetts arc any more parties to this
treaty than any other States in the Union. They
agreed to the line, but the Government might have
agreed to the lino without their consent perhaps,
or the Supr. mc Court of the United States might
have settled if. They assented to it; but the treaty-
making power is vested in the Federal Govern-
ment, and not in any State. They wore no parties
to it; but then it is most evident that the General
Government owned no land there. I do not know
that the States of Maine and Massachusetts owned
any. I suppose they granted most of it away,
and it was m the hands of individuals. Then the
treaty goes on to speak of the possessory rights
of individuals. It did not look to the claims of
a State; it looked to tenants deriving their titles
either mediately or immediately from the States,
and being in the occupation of the land for six
years or more. Tho first class of individuals pro-
vided for were those who had received grants of
land within the jurisdiction of the other Govern-
ment. The next class provided for were those
persons who had been in possession of land in the
dominions of the other Government for more than
