1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
827
speech. What is the amount of expenditure in-,
volved in this bill, and what the conditions upon
which it is to be made ? The only actual outlay
proposed in the construction of the submarine
telegraph, to connect two great countries, is the
pay of the officers and men of one, or perhaps
two, of our war vessels, while engaged in laying
down the wire on half the length of the line ! And
as to this small expenditure, it was aptly said in
the debate on the bill when first before the Sen-
ate, that it would be but little more than it would
cost the Government to keep those vessels idle
and rotting in our harbors. Where is the ex-
travagance in this ? It is further proposed that
when the work thus commenced shall be earned
to completion by the capital and at the sole risk
of private individuals, or companies, if it shall be
found to operate successfully, and to answer the
valuable ends for which it is designed, then it is
proposed that the Government, to secure the use
of it jointly with the Government of Great Brit-
ain, and further to secure the use of it to all
•American citizens as well as to British subjects,
to pay $70,000 annually for twenty-five years,
with the right to terminate 'the contract, or en-
gagement, on the part of this Government, at the
end of ten years, if Congress shall deem it expe-
dient to do so; and with the further provision
that, when the profits of the company shall reach
six per cent, per annum on the capital invested,
the annua! payment by the Government shall be
reduced to $50,000. This is the sum and sub-
stance of the whole matter. I care not by what
companies or individuals this enterprise shall be
entered upon, nor does it concern the country.
As to the allegation that this is a chimerical and j
visionary project, I answer, that it is not under- |
taken at our risk; and as to the extravagance of
the amount to be paid if the project succeeds, the
country would be benefited by paying five times
the amount for such a work than to have none at
all. I repeat, that all the apprehension I feel on
this subjcct—all my misgivings, grow out of my
want of confidence m the success of the enterprise.
It is said that there are gentlemen of capital and
spirit who are ready to embark in an enterprise
of this kind without any aid from the Govern-
ment. I do not know that; and I doubt it very
much. The honorable Senator from Virginia
asks the supporters of this bill to state what se-
curity we can have for the faithful applications
of the moneys that we grant. How do we know ;
that these parties have the capital to carry out
this enterprise? We do not know it; and I doubt
very much whether any such capitalists can be ;
found, unless they receive the encouragement
asked from the two Governments chiefly inter- ,
ested—Great Britain and the United States. I am !
willing to hold out this encouragement to the en- j
terprismg capitalists who propose to embark in J
this work, whoever they may be, whether they \
be organized into a company under a charter j
granted by New York or any other State; and I
care not, so far as regards the grounds on which ;
I give my support to this measure, I am willing
to encourage them, to the extent proposed by this
bill, to invest their capital m an enterprise the re-
sult of which I consider extremely doubtful. But
at whose risk is the investment to be made? Is
it proposed to make this Government the victim
of this great folly, if it be such; or of the rash-
ness of men who embark in an enterprise without
the means to carry it forward ? IN'ot at all. If
the project be not successful, the only cost to this *
Government is to be the expense of one or two
vessels which, I suppose, may be kept in employ-
ment two or three months. Not a cent further
is to be paid unless the enterprise shall prove to
be successful; and I repeat that I doubt very
much whether you will find capitalists so spirited
as to risk their money in an enterprise of this
nature without some prospect of a further remu-
neration or indemnity than they may chance to
derive from the current and ordinary receipts for
the transmission of intelligence.
The bill provides that whenever the net profits
of the company shall amount to six per cent.,
we shall pay only §50,000 per annum, and we can
terminate the contract at any time after the ex-
piration of ten years. If it were twenty-five years,
as provided in the bill originally passed by the
Senate, I would still give it my support. I do it
for the purpose of stimulating capitalists to take
this risk upon themselves.
If it were proposed to appropriate this money
whether the enterprise should be successful or
not—if the risk were really thrown on this Gov-
ernment to the extent of the amount proposed to
be paid by this bill, I should desire to be informed
better than I am, by scientific and practical en-
gineers, whether this project could be success-
fully carried out. I believe there will be great
difficulty in transmitting the electric fluid by a
wire lying at so great a distance under water. It
is not like a wire passing through the atmos-
phere. On the whole, sir, with no better inform-
ation than I now possess, I am entirely willing to
risk the cost of one or two small vessels for a few
months to test the practicability of the project;
and beyond that pittance not one cent is proposed
to be expended by this bill, if the experiment
shall turn out to be a chimerical one, as charged
by its enemies.
To-day the subject was resumed, and the fol-
lowing proceedings took place:
Mr. HUNTER. I move to amend the amend-
ments by inserting before the last amendment of
the House of Representatives this proviso:
Provided, That the. contract hereby authorized shall not
be binding on the United State* until the same «-haii have
been submitted to and approved by the Congress of the
United States.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Is it in order
to move that this subject be postponed to the 5th
of March, or postponed indefinitely?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is perfectly
in order.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I hope that
will be done, f have no desire to fatigue the ears
of the Senate by a speech on this question; I
have already spoken upon it once or twice; but
the other day when the Senator from Texas [Mr.
Rusk] rose, 1 had not finished what I desired to
say. I thought he was rising to interrupt me,
and when he proceeded to speak I flattered myself
that, like Saul of Tarsus, he had seen light by the
way, snd was coming over to my side.
What will be the effect on tins wire of the cur-
rents of the ocean? We know what is the force
of those currents. When they strike rocks they
are computed to strike with about the force of a
Paixhan gun. The currents make as much im-
pression on the rocks of the ocean or the cliffs
of England as one of their best guns made on the
fortifications of Sebastopol. The friends of this
measure, however, say that this wire can repose
with safety at the bottom of the ocean, because
the bottom is undisturbed and placid. It may be
very placid, very smooth, but I expect that the
ocean is like any high-tampered individual you
ever knew. With a smooth countenance and but
little anger on its face, it burns with greater depth
and strength at the bottom than anywhere else.
The experiments made by sinking jugs or botties
with a cannon-bail, show that such is the pressure
of the water at a certain depth, that it will burst
them.
When you locate this wire, you must hold it
down by some means. Are you ccitain that, for
the length of distance it runs, by any pressure
of weight which it will bear, you can hold it
down and keep it at the bottom? It will not sink
as will a fishing worm in the hands of a child,
dropped into a tub of water. When you go down
to such a depth in the ocean with this inverted
arch, as I believe it is to be, can it be held m that
position, or kept there at all? Will not the cur-
rents of the ocean break it?
Besides, this bill gives a bonus to a corporation
foreign to us. I remember very well when, in
the daya of its purity and pride, under the om-
nipotent control of General jackson, with all his
intellect and force of character, superadded to the
cunning and craft of Jefferson, the whole Demo-
cratic party contended that we could not make a
corporation even within our own country. Even
the banks in this city,—the Bank of Washington
and the Bank of the Metropolis, go on the predi-
cation that the Federal Government cannot make
a corporation. While we cannot do that in our
own country, it is now proposed to take shares
in a foreign corporation exterior to the Union,
where we ha.e no control, no jurisdiction, no
power. Is the Jackson party, the State-rights
party, in violation and contravention of all its
committals and announcementof principle, to turn
round and give this aid to a foreign corporation,
while we cannot do it at home ? If a Bank of the
United States is unconstitutional, and if we can-
not even charier a bank in this District, where
the Constitution gives us exclusive jurisdiction,
are we to become a partner in a foreign * orpora-
tion, recognize and hold it up as worthy of sup-
port and regard? I put that question to any man
who has a remnant of the old Jackson feeling in
his bosom. I was not a Jackson man; but he was
a hero and a " horse" [laughtei] in his day and
generation. Itmadc a man's heart swell with pride
to hear him tell Louis Philippp that if he did not
pay those two and a quarter millions of dollars in-
demnity, he was no gentleman, and he would kick
him. [Laughter.] We felt that there was a man
at the head of the nation then. After the bank
bill had passed, he, in the grandeur and majesty
of his character, and with that all-powerful and
mighty will of his, took hold of the United States
Bank and choked it to death, just as Hercules
slaughtered the Lernaan hydra. I admired him.
If I could do no better, and he were he«-e a:rain
upon earth, and Hem y Clay did not come back, I
believe I would join him. I a*k those men who
followed him m reference to States i igrlits, are they
now going off after strange gods and take up this
bill r
I have great regard personally for the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Seward,] who introduced
this bill; but I cannot with any sort of patience
look at a measure of this kind. Dr. Johnson said,
that to constitute a fisherman required only a rod
and line, with a fool at one end and a worm at
the other. [Laughter.] If we peiss this bill, and
go into this aquatic experimentation with a for-
eign corporation unknown to our country, I am
certain that at this end of the rod there will be a
fool, and I believe at the other end a snake.
I do not wish to be making speeches contin-
ually and incessantly in reference to this sub-
ject. I ask you, under the Constitution, m col-
lecting, by duties or imposts or excises, indirect
taxation, money to be expended for the pur-
poses of the Federal Government, what right have
you profligately and profusely to scatter over the
qoral-reefs and sand-banks of the Atlantic ocean
the treasure of the people, just as if it were yours,
in a mere fancy work? It is a fancy project. It
would strike a sensible man that the idea was such
as those which infuse themselves into sentimental
boys. If you talk to gentlemen about this prof-
ligate expenditure of public money, and the throw-
ing it away m the beds or caverns of the ocean,
instead of looking to the Constitution, instead of
the community, instead of looking to the benefit
and advantage of our people, they bccome as
poetic as boys, repeating to you:
u Full many a gem ot'pme-st ray serene
The dark, unfathom'd caves of ocean bear;"
or singing to you from Araby's daughter, about
" The coral-reek hid in ocean^ bed."
That is not the way to look at a question of
this kind. A practical and sensible view is to
ask, What benefit will it be to us? What control
shall we have over it? Are we simply to give a
bonus, a donation, to this corporation?
I do not wish to speak on this question.
Whether it is from taking physic, or thinking
about this scheme, the fact is I get sick every
time I hear it mentioned. I move to postpone it
until the 5th of March.
Mr. SEWARD. I have the same misfortune
with my friend from Kentucky, that when the
Senate adjourned the other day, my speech was
unfinished 
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I under-
stood that that was the fact; though I had not the
pleasure of hearing the Senator's speech, and
have not read it.
Mr. SEWARD. I will barely say, that the
difference between my friend and myself is, that
his speech was nearly done when he was cut off,
and mine was only just begun. But I have,such
confidence m the merits of "this bill, and I so ap-
preciate the importance and value of time to the
Senate, that I will dispense with the desire to
make any further remarks, and I am content to
have the question taken on this motion as a test
question on the bill. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I hope the
amendment of the Senator from "Virginia will pre-
vail. My object is at least, if we shall enter into
this policy—a new and dangerous and unlimited
