832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23.
ing to the bill anything not inconsistent with what
had been already adopted.
Mr. Morrill, of Vermont, thereupon offered
the following amendment:
" Provided, That on and after the 10th day of July, 1857,
nothing m tin-- bill contained shall be po construed as to
admit anv wool free. unless the cost shall be, at the place
of importation., ten cents? per pound or Uss; and al>o that
no wa^tc or shoddy, or sheep's pi Its, m ikins with the wool
on, shall bo imported at a less ryte of duty than is now im-
posed on these articles.15
It was adopted on a count by tellers of—ayes 85,
noes 3D. After various other amendments had
been offered and rejected, my colleague [Mr.
Harlan] offered the following amendment:
{i Provvleth farther-, That all sheep's wool impoitedon
or alter the -JUih day ot July next, shall pay a duty ot twenty
per centum, anything in this act to the contrary notwith-
standing."
Which, upon a count by tellers, was adopted—
ayes 85, noes 44. After one or two farther amend-
ments had been moved and voted down, Mr.
Orr, of South Carolina, evidently acting in con-
cert with the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, moved to strike out the enacting
words of the bill. The elleet of this motion, if
agreed to, was to prevent a vote from being; taken
on the amendments of Mr. Morrill and Air.
Harlant, that had been adopted in the Committee
of the Whole, as will appear fiom the following
colloquy which look place while the motion was
pending:
"Mi. Stanton. What will be the elfect of the motion '
"The Chuk\tan. It u ill be to lull the bill. If the hill
-is repotted to the House with the recommendation that the
i-tw-nn# elau-0 bot-inekon out, i! will amount to the iciec-
lion of the bill,
u Mr. Omnom\n. It is then for the llou^e to deteinune
whether or not they w ill a^rcc with the icpott ot the com-
mittee.
Mr H tantov, Will the amendments, in the nature of
MihMiintos, jio into the 15oiim\ and will the House have
the oppaiumity to vote on the substituio which has been
amended m committee ?
■'Mr Orr. The ordinal hill alone goes to the House, i
«*-"k tor ti lb rs (in my motion."
The motion was agteed to on a count by tellers
—nyea 98, no<-^ 5'J
What (lie < h.urnian of the Committee of Ways
nnd Alenn-s thought of this mode of the
House., and cutting off a fur nnd full conspira-
tion of a subject, may be ascertained by reference
to the pioceedings of (he House oil the passage;
of (he Kansas-Nebraska bill.
When the bill was reported to (he House, the
Speaker (according to uniform usage) assigned
the floor to the ehai; matt of I in- commit iee who
origin diy reported (he bill. The leeomniendation
to strike out the enacting words of the bill was,
of course, tifgatived. Mr. cami'iua l, of Ohio,
wou'd his bill, with modification.1:, which be de-
scribes a.; follows:
_ " I now propose a sub -titnte ♦or tile unimial lull. I will
«imply *ay iieic, be'oic flcnrunlmji the pirvioii-. que- [inn,
that it ta ni Mjb-imcc (he la-f piopn.mon icported hv the
majority of the Committer ot U'.iy-, .nu! Meatw, with ma*
or two very flight nioduicHttons, embiaeniii: the pmpoMtion
oi the Kf'atien),m horn Veiniont [Mi. .VoKKira.j in rcjrnd
to wool, and abo the pi'opn.ihon of the gentleman lioiti
Peniesylvamri. j.Mi. Foiaaau] winch was ye--teiday earned
in committee In" a maionty of two to one, in reference to
8<*r«ipnou. 1 oiler this a-3 a-ubvtinite ioi the ouginal lull,
and demand tin' provimu que-turn
At the request of Mr. Lisrciirn, he withdrew
the previous question to enable Mr. Lltciilr to
offer the bill reported by the minority of the
Committee of Ways and Means as an amend-
ment to an amendment.
Mr. Harlan asked leave to submit to the House
his umendmentViwhich had been adopted m Com-
mittee of the Whole, imposing a duty of twenty
per cent, upon unmanufactured wool. It was re-
fused. The lull, as it passed, contains the fol-
lowing proposition in regard to duties on imported
Wool as a pait of the free list:
k She,'>.\ w*«jI. unmanufactured, of the value at the port
of importation "i trteen cent* per pound or ie<-.-, and oi the
value ot ii ?) cent- pei pound or over, and ban of the al-
paca, the p.,at, .u-d uthei hke annual,;, umnanuf.ictured:
Piot tiled, Th.iJ any wo.il «>f the 'het-'p, nr hair of the al-
paca, tiie <rnat, and othei l:! e annuals, winch shall he im-
ported with m<ae than tiiuty three per cent, of dirt, >o!k.
burs, or j'Bpuniii's- of any m>iL <>* which shall be nnpoited
m any other tlian fie- oioman coiutinuu, as now arid here-
tofore jaacneod.«n winch shall he '■handed in Us chaiae-
tvi lor the piepo-jo of' e\ad!:i«t ihe fhu\, or winch shall be
rlcnrw'd o,- purified nr a-^mted. so to tai-e its value at
the post of nopoaation to fifty cenN pei pound or over, or
whi-h shah be H-dueed iri v iu" by the adm..\turo ol dirt,
or any foreizn substance, to fifteen eon us per pound or less,
shall be subject to pay a duty ot thirty per centum, any-
thing in tills act to the contrary notwithstanding."
It will be recollected that this proposition, as it
was finally adopted, had never been printed, and
there was "no opportunity of knowing its contents,
except the statement of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, that it was "the
proposition of the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill,] in regard to wool;" and hearing it
read at the Clerk's desk, in the midst of such
noise and confusion that not one member in ten
could hear a word of it, I give no opinion as to
the truth or accuracy of the statement that the
proposition of the chairman as it was reported,
and as it now stands, " embraces the proposition
of the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
in regard to wool." Every gentleman must judge
of that for himself by comparison of the two
propositions, as I have taken them from the Con-
gressional Globe.
I know my colleague is a gentleman of trans-
cendent talents and resources, and presume he
will have no difficulty in satisfying the public that
a proposition to admit all wool under ten cents
per pound, duty free, is precisely identical with a
proposition admitting all wool under fifteen and
ovei fifty cents, duty free.
It is worthy of remark, that while the first sub-
stitute of the Committee of Ways and Means
was pending, winch put hemp, sugar, salt, &c.,
in the ten per cent, schedule, it was assailed on
all hands by the immediate representatives of
these interests. Mr. ICennett, of Missouri,
made a speech against the reduction of the duty
on hemp and lead. Taylor and Et stis, of Lou-
isiana, made speeches against the reduction of the
doty «>n sugat. (tranoi>;r, fiom the-Syracuse
district, New Yoik, made a speech against the
icduction of the duty on salt. It was apparent,
therefore, that all these interests combined wore
too strong to be overcome, ami would inevitably
defeat the bill, it therefore became necessary for
the manufacturers to select one as a scape-goat
to bear away the sins of the others to the wilder-
ness. Wool was the most unpoitantto the man-
ufacturing interests, ami the others were protected
for the purpose of securing their aid in abolish-
in;; the dut v on wool. It. will be seen, by looking
over the proceedings in Committee of the Whole,
thai the vole on striking out the enacting clause
of the bill was the one which was fatal to the
duty on wool.
It may seem strange, there fore, that this motion
should have prevailed by a vote of two to one,
when a duty of twenty per centum had been put
on wool by a vote of two to one, not an hour be-
fore. This is explained by the fact that the
Representatives of the tion, hemp, sugar, lead,
and salt interest were not willing to give a direct
vote ai;amnt the duty on wool, because, if they
should, the representatives of the wool-growing
interest, might vole their commodities into the free
list. also. The vote to strike out the enacting
clause of the bill was only an indirect vote to
accomplish the same result. And if it was suc-
cessful it would then be too late to assail them,
as no further amendment could be made in com-
mittee, and the previous question would prevent
any amendment in the House.
This recital establishes the fact, that while two
thirds of the members present had by a direct
j vote declared their determination to afford effect-
I ual protection to the wool-growing interest, that
j determination was defeated by the parliamentary
, tactics and machineiy resorted to. The only
■ plausible pretext that can be urged for stopping
! debate and amendments m Committee of the
j Whole is that it is necessary to prevent factious
! and unnecessary delay.
] It is not pretended that there was any factious
I opposition to this bill. But when it is resorted
i to, the member who has charge of the bill would
: seem, in nil fairness nnd honesty, to be bound to
; embody, in his final proposition, the sense of the
i! House as indicated by the votes in Committee of
!, the Whole. This was entirely disregarded by
the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee;
!■ and the House was compelled to choose between
j; the two propositions of the Committee of Ways
ij and Meanis, or to defeat the bill entirely. It was
!' in this way that the tariff bill was passed, and
1' the House prevented from voting on Wie repeal of
!, the duty on wool as a separate proposition. If
|| disastrous results to the wool-growing interest
j should follow, (as I think they must,) the House
II and the country will have no difficulty in determ-
ining where the responsibility belongs. I use no
epithets, indulge in no denunciations, but leave
the inexorable logic of events to do its work upon
the actors in this drama.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have only to
say, in reply, that, according to my colleague's
own account, he " went out wooling, and came
home fleeced." [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will a motion to
strike out the enacting clause entitle me to five
minutes for general debate?
The CHAIRMAN. A motion to strike out
the enacting clause is not debatable.
The bill was then read by clauses for amend-
ments.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to strike out the
forty-seventh line, which is as follows:
" For tlic contingent expenses of the Senate, viz."
There are specified after that line various items
for binding, lithographing, and engraving; sta-
tionery, newspapers, Congressional Globe, and
binding the same, reporting proceedings, and
clerks to committees, pages, police, &c., the con-
trol of which I do not imagine the Committee of
Ways and Means desire to give to the Committee
on Accounts, under the bill which recently passed
this House. That bill has reference, I take it, to
line sixty, which ir as follows:
u Fot miscellaneous item*, J$^t),UUO."'
This amendment should pass if the bill of the
House in reference to the contingent fund of the
two Houses of Congie.ss js enacted into law.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. That bill is before
the Senate with the amendments of the House;
and if the Senate pa^s it, then they may amend
this bill accordingly; but I have no objection to
the gentleman's amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to strike
out the word " contingent" from the ninety-
seventh line, and insert in lieu thereof the word
" the." The clause now reads: " For contingent
expenses of the House of Representatives." If
amended as I propose, it will read: " For the
expenses of the House of Representatives;" and
I propose to follow that up with an amendment,
at the end of the clause, m these words: " If so
much thereof be necessary." But I will let the
question be taken on the first amendment, and
then offer the other. There is a subsequent item
in the bill which appropriates a specific sum for
miscellaneous items, which should constitute the
contingent fund. 1 call for tellers upon the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Prijtgle
and Ccllen were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 21, noes 99.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to strike
out line one hundred and eight, as follows:
" For newspapers, &12,300.
That is one of the advantages which we derive
from our position, and one which, I think, under
the present compensation bill, we ought to forego.
It is a small item, it is true, but it is a source of
emolument to members, and I think we ought to
strike out all such things, so far as we are con-
cerned. I am willing to give up my papers, and
I hope the committee will agree to the amend-
ment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am directed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to report the
following amendment:
Page 6, line one hundred and eleven, after the word
"thousand,15 strike out the word " four," and insert
" eight;'' so as to make the clau&e read:
For Capitol police, ^0,890.
That makes an increase of $400, which is ren-
dered necessary by the appointment of an addi-
tional watchman for the Capitol by the President
of the Senate and Speaker of the House.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I move the follow-
ing amendment, to come in on page 6, line one
hundred and twenty-five:
Provided, That out of the amount hereby appropiiated,
no more bhall be paid than =;liall amount to the sum of
$2 88 for each copy actually bound ;
so as to make the clause read:
For binding twenty-four copies of the Congressional
