834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways arid Means a ques-
u.mi, I understand the chairman of the Commit-
t-v on Accounts to state that no allowance is made
for books which arc not bound. Appropriations
have been made for the entire number voted to
each member of the House. I would like to
know from the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, if there is a surplus under that
head of appropriation; if so, how much and where
it is, and why it is that it is not brought into the
present bill, so as to reduce the amount proposed
to be appropriated 3
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. If there be any
surplus, it reverts 1o the surplus fund.
Mr. HOUSTON. It does not revert immedi-
ately to the surplus fund; it remains two years
l>ufore it reverts to that fund. 1( there be any
surplus of the appropriation made at the last ses-
sion, then that surplus has nut yet i everted to
that fund.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Appropriations
£ re made at each session, and \vp have no right
to take a surplus of a fund appropriated at a
former session.
Mr. liOtT.STON*. Wfc have just tin* same
right that we have- to appropriate any money." If
there be, as .\stat<id by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Accounts, an unexpended balance under
Una head of appropriation, we should say in this
bill that it shall constitute a portion of the present
appropriation. In that way we can keep up our
i. 'founts. I should like to know what is the
r-niount of this unexpended balance, and where
U Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. This is a special
appropriation for the Thirty-Fifth Congress. We
cannot tell whether there will be any surplus
xiuder this particular appropriation made for the
Thirty-Fourth Congress. The gentleman fiom
Alabama ho.s facilities for-infoimation which I
have not, if ho can toll how much surplus there
\yill bo until all the accounts are settled.
Mr. IIA 111' IS, of Illinois. I modify my amend-
nvMU by striking out t4S"i SH/'and inserting in
brti fhtucof " 8^." In my former calculation
1 omiNi'd to consider the nicieased number of
injH'ty-tiure copies furnished to eaeh Senator.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment lo she umend-
iii! n(.
Mr. JONRS, of Tennessee. Is it not in order
for the gentleman from Illinois to accept my
amendment in lieu of his .>wn?
Mr, HARRIS, of Illinois. I accept it if there
be no objection.
The CHAIRMAN. Under the ruling of the
Chair, thegpentleman's proposition cannM be
accepted as a modilication ol the pending imieml-
mont.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to make a sug-
gestion to the gentleman from Illinois. In my
opinion, the following proviso will meet the whole
case: |
Piovided, That no gioator price shall lie paid for the same |
than coveuty cents for c.ich volume or part actually bound i
and delivered. !
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I accept that in lieu
of my amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
as modified was agreed to.
Mr. CUMBACK. I move to strike out, as
follows;
r >r rent of wareroom, ^;>0.
For and labor m storing and tvanspoitation of
pi;«>r, v'Vit).
Mr. Chairman, my understanding is that the
parses contracting to furnish this paper are
pledged to deliver it, when and wherever the
Government desires. If such be the fact, I can-
not see the necessity for this appropriation for
carting it about from plaee to place. 1 wish to
know fiom the chairman of the Committee of
"Ways and Means whether the contracts with
these parties do not covrr ail these expenses ?
Mr. LETCflRR. The gentleman is mistaken.
This rent for a wareroom is for the depository
of pr perin this city, and flie carting is for cart-
ing done from the wareroom to the public printer,
and for labor of that sort.
Mr. CUMBACK. Is not the contract, with
those who furnish the paper, to deliver it to the
officers to the Government here, where they de-
sired
Mr. LETCHER. The Government has to re-
ceive the paper at stated periods of delivery,and
when they receive it, it has to be received in a
paper wareroom, and it has to remain there in
charge of the Superintendent of the Public Print-
ing until demanded by the public printer for the
purpose of executing the printing required of him.
Mr. CUMBACK. As I moved my amendment
only for the purpose of obtaining information, I
withdraw it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I wish to say a
word in reference to this matter, and for that pur-
pose I move to strike £500 out of the appropria-
tion. I understand that the contractor to supply
paper for the Government has at length obtained,
by management and perseverance, the rent of this
wareroom, but that does not release him from
the obligation to deliver the paper where and when
called for, and of course tins provision is adding
so much to bis contract. It is in this way that,
ail the expenses to which this Government is put
are constantly increasing and multiplying in these
small particulars. I make these remarks because
I believe they are consistent with the truth, and
having done so I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir; I object to the gen-
tleman withdrawing his amendment in that way,
for 1 have a word to say in reply. Now, when
the Government makes a contract with the paper
manufacturer for the delivery of a certain style
of paper, it requires the delivery of that paper at
certain stated periods under the contract. When
it is delivered here, what would my colleague do
with it? It must be stored somewhere upon
delivery, and this wareroom is for the purpose
of receiving the paper so delivered in virtue of the
contract with the paper maker. Then when it is
received by the Superintendent of the Public
Printing, it remains in his charge and custody
! until the public interests demand it for the use of
! the public printer to comply with his contract to
J furnish the public documents for the two Houses
| of C'ongrexs, and for the Exeuuive Departments
I of the Government. The contractor, then, has
' nothing to do with the wareroom; and these
j expenses lire incidental to the rec< iptof rhaf paper
I by the properly-constituted oiKocr of the C.iovern-
| ment,and the holding of nuntil transfmed from
j ins custody to the custody of the public primer.
I Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, by unanimous co -
; sent, withdrew his amendment.
! Mr. CAMPBFXL, of Ohio. I am instructed
! by the Committee of Ways and Means to offer
: the following amendment, to come m after line
I one hundred and seventy-four:
I For the purcUa-e of law and necessary books for the
j Court ol Claims. ,^l,tiiJ0.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. How much does
that amendment provide for?
I Mr. CAMPJiELL, of Ohio. I would say to
| the gentleman from Virginia that the Court of
, Claims asked for £3,000 for the purpose of estab-
; lishing a law library. They have labored under
j great embarrassment for the want of books.
| Mr. McMULLlN. I desire to know of the
I gentleman from Ohio if the law library is not
' accessible to the Court of Claims?
I Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. It is, but it is fre-
quently found that they are unable to procure
books from that library which they deem neces-
sary and proper to investigate the cases before
them.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The same efforts
were made last year that are now being made,
| to commencealaw library for the Courtof Claims.
I I think it is wholly unnecessary. It is the begin-
ning of a new library for the use of that court,
; and wholly unnecessary. They certainly have
| the same privileges now enjoyed by the Supreme
j Court of the United States in the use of the law
! library of Congress. In that library are a large
j number of books, and certainly all that this court
| can requiie, and which fully satisfy the riecessi-
! ties of the Supreme Court.
; Air. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. If the gentleman
! will refer to the seventy-third page of the esti-
1 mates of expenditures, he will find the sum of
$5,000 recommended to be appropriated for a law
library for the Court of Claims; but the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have recommended
only H ,000;
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Who recommends
it? I think this is a subject of more importance
than the committee seem inclined to attach to it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. By the gentle-
man's permission I will send to the Clerk to be
read, a note accompanying the recommendation
of the $5,000 for this purpose.
It was read, as follows;
"The chief clesk of the Court of Claims, in relation to
the item of .$5,000 for the purchase of books as the com-
mencement of a hbraiy for the use of the judge? and soli-
citors, states that4 thus item was inserted in my last e. ti-
mates, but not reported by the committee of the Hou*cy
undo the supposition, as I understood, that the law hbraiy
I for the use and under control of the Supreme Com t could
] be used by the Court of Claims, with the approbation of the
i court. 1 rer-psctlullv submit the item again in my pie&ent
i estimate. The judges found by experience that it was veiy
! inconvenient lor them to depend upon the Supreme Couit
! libtary. They weie notallowcd to take tlio books tiom the
' l.brary, and if they were, it would greatly mteil'ere with the
1 proper use of them by the judged of the Supieme Court,
Tho judges of the Coutt of Claims pirpaie tlieiropnnons.it
j theu* chambers, and necessarily require exclusive po*sos-
i mou of important books for weeks at a tune. The successful
' prosecution of the business ot the court most ceitaiuly
! inquires that the judges and sohcitois should bo fuim.-hod
I with a hbiary of modeiate extent. And as duplicates, at
| least, of some of the more lmpoitant scries of report* will
I be required, it w thoughtthat the estimate is reasonable.'
I Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to reduce
I the appropriation $100. Mr. Chairman, we now
| have two law libraries; one for the Supreme
j Court of the United States, the other, a emigres-
' sional law library of the amplest description,
j The Court of Claims is temporary in its char-
i actor, as many think, and now Congress is callcd
! upon to provide it with a library. It seems that
| the recommendation is $5,000 for this commence-
I ment; but the modesty of the gentleman who
presides over the Committee of Ways and
Means could not venture on that amount. They
want to take the initiative, and u.odestty ask
$1,000; which 1 propose modestly to reduce to
$100. I think the committee ought to look at it
in this view. It is absolutely unnecessary, inas-
much as this Court of Claims has access now to
a library much more extensive and important
than they can hope to have for many years. It
dor s seem to mo that the reasons 1 have given for
rejecting this amendment are sufficient. I there-
fore hope that the committee will reject the whole
item, or at luast reduce it in the manner I have
suggested, and then we can reject the whole item
when we come to vote on the amendment of the
Committee of Ways and Means. I withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I move to increase the item
$500. I am surprised at my friend from Virginia
making this objection to the Court of Claims
kavinga library. Groat complaint has been made
in this House against the decisions of that Court.
If we expect their decisions to be approved, we
ought to give them an opportunity to consult the
best authorities. I am very much surprised that
gentlemen who take ground against the action
and decisions of this Court, should object to per-
mitting (hem to have the benefits of a law library.
It must certainly occur to the members of this
committee that it is most important for a court,
where it is a distinct establishment, to have ac-
cess to a libraiy of its own, and that the judges
should have an opportunity of consulting the best
authorities conveniently. They ought not to be
obliged to rely on the library of the Supreme
Court, or on the general library belonging to the
Government. It seems to mc, therefore, to be
perfectly legitimate and reasonable, if the Court
of Claims is to be recognized and its decisions
respected, that it should have the benefit of the
best authorities, and that Congress should allow
it a reasonable library. I hope, therefore, that
the appropriation may be allowed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The argument of
convenience is at last the only one. There is no
pretense that the Court of Claims cannot have
the full use and enjoyment of the congressional
library, or of the library of the Supreme Court.
They say that they frequently want books in their
j rooms for weeks. Well, sir, that is only a very
! poor reason, it seems to me, for this library; and
if the motive of convenience is the only one they
can show, it is insufficient.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. 1 ask the gentle-
man from Virginia what authority the Court of
Claims has to draw books from the congressional
library ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Of course i presume
they have that authority; but if they have not, the
gentleman Knows full well that they can get it.
There are two Committees on the Library, one*
