1857.
TllE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
885,
in this House and one in the Senate, and they
can easily give that permission. If there is any
difficulty in that way, it can be obviated by a
proposition which I may yet submit.
Mi". CAMPBELL, of Ohio. They cannot
draw a single volume from the congressional li-
brary without the authority of a member of Con-
gress.
Mr. STEWART withdrew his amendment.
Mr. SIM MONS. I move to reduce this appro-
priation to one dollar. I am opposed to the insti-
tution of a new law library. Why, if we make
the appropriation now, there will have to be next
session a salary for a librarian, and the next ses-
sion after that a building to place the library in,
and so there will be no end to the expense. I have
been here four years, and I have just begun to
learn, about a week ago, that the whole struggle
of everybody is to get into the Treasury. And
jiow I mean to take my stand for the small rem-
. nant of time against all this. I can see a great
propriety in increasing the present law library.
If we would expend for that purpose the money
which it is proposed now to appropriate for the
beginning of another library, all these gentlemen
could be accommodated at the same place, on this
bill, where in a year or two you will see all these
institutions. I see no propriety in inaugurating
a new library, which would become in a few year«
a.grcat law library 11 appears to me that it would
be best to reject the amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not like to
seem pertinacious. I move to amend  
The CHAIRMAN. There is already an
amendment to the amendment pending.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, I am going
to oppose it. We may both be working for the
same result, but I still may be opposed to this
"particular proposition. I do not desire to seem
pertinacious in this matter. But suppose the
amendment of the Cummittee of Ways and Means
prevails: you commence a library, and you must
have a librarian, and have to incur many other
expenses. It is but an opening door for large
expenditures, independently of the total absence
of all necessity for it. I trust, therefore, that,
looking at all the circumstances, it will not be the
pleasure of the committee to authorize the appro-
priation.
Mr. SIMMONS withdrew his amendment.
Mr. LEITER. I move to amend by striking
out " §1,000," and inserting " §5,000." I think
tJiat if we intend to inaugurate this new library
it would be better to go to work efficiently. Our
Treasury is in a condition now to justify us in
doing so; and I have no doubt, myself, that it is
highly important that this court should have a
library independent of that of any other body.
The library of the Supreme Court is at the com-
mand of the Supreme Court. The congressional
library is under the control of this House and the
Senate. Then suppose that the Court of Claims
wanted to use a work in either of these libraries,
and that we wanted to use it: who is to have the
control of it? Why, as a matter of course, we
are. So with the library of the Supreme Court, j
Then what is the Court of Claims to do ? It is |
better for Congress to give this^court sufficient |
means to inform itself, so as to be able to act in- !
telligently on all questions submitted to it. It |
strikes mo that every gentleman who is convers-
ant with the public business must see at once the
propriety of establishing a library for this court,
if we intend it shall continue to exist as a court.
I confess thatl have never entertained a very good
opinion of that court. Nevertheless, I am in favor
of putting into its hands the means for discharg-
ing its duties intelligibly and intelligently. I am
not only in favor of appropriating this $1,000, but
of the $5,000, which is too small a sum for the
purchase of such a library.
Mr. LETCHER. I was opposed to this amend-
ment in the Committee of Ways and Means, and
I have heard nothing since which has satisfied me
that my position was not right. Now, sir, this
proposition is to purchase law and necessary books
for the Court of Claims. Well, sir, what books
other than law books are intended to be em-
braced ? What sort of books do they need except
law books ? And in addition to all this, who is to
select this library ? Under whose direction are
these books to be chosen ? Who is to decide what
cooks are necessary, and be authorized to make
the purchases ?
Sir, I am opposed to this amendment upon the
ground that it does not accord with public econ-
omy to be multiplying libraries here for every
new organization that may spring up under this
Government. Now, sir," here are the several
courts of the Disti ict. Much of the business they
transact is in connection with the Government,
and why not furnish a Horary to each, as widlas
to the Court of Claims? The faet that these courts
are all some distance from the Capitol, and there-
fore less convenient to the law library of Con-
gress, makes the argument in favor of establish-
ing libraries for them stronger than it is for the
Court of Claims.
Now, sir, this Court of Claims is located in
one of the wings of this Capitol, and the law and
congressional libraries are in the Capitol; and
why cannot these judges have the same access to
these libraries as is given to members of Con-
gress > *
And again: suppose you appropriate this one
thousand or five thousand dollais: how far will it
go towards establishing a library for the Court of
Claims that will accommodate "them better than
the law and congressional libraries accommodate
them? What books would you purchase? The
same that are already in those libraries?
Mr. LEITER. Suppose a member takes one
of these books from the library, and keeps it for
months; how are the judges of the Court of Claims
to use it?
Mr. LETCHER. There is, as I understand,
more than one copy of the same work; but if there
is not, upon the principle of the gentleman from
Ohio, suppose each of these judges of the Court
of Claims wanted the same work: how would
they all be accommodated?
Mr. LEITER. They would be more likely
to be accommodated from three libraries than
from two.
Mr. LETCHER. And they would be better
accommodated from twenty libraries than three;
and why not go far the whole twenty, so as to
provide against every contingency? I hope the
amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. LEITER, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The question was taken upon the original
amendment of the Committeeof Waysand Means,
and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am directed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to submit
the following amendment:
In the following paragranli, reduce the appropriation from
$6,0<M to AT,000 :
For ruling and full-binding hooks for recording collectors'
quarteily abstracts of coinmeice and navigation, and blank
abstracts lor tiieii i^e, blank-books, binding and stationery,
arianjrirg and binding canceled mauno papers, casps lor
official papers and record?, and miscellaneous item?, in-
cluding ofnee furniture and carpeting, $8,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am directed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to offer the
following amendment:
In the following paragraph, after the words "two labor-
ers for," inseit "south extension of ihe southeast Execu-
tive," and strike out fhp word^ occupied m part by the
Attorney General, and in part by the First Auditor of the
Trea&my."
For compensation of four watchmen and two laborers for
building occupied in part by the Attorney General, and in
part by the First Auditor of the Treasury, §3,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am directed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to offer the
following amendment, to come 111 after line live
hundred and fifteen:
To enable the Secretary of War to employ temporary
clerks m the office of (Quartermaster General on bounty
land service, §5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The Committee
of Ways and Means has instructed me to offer
the following amendment:
On page 27, after line six hundred and forty, insert: For
the payment of a temporary cieikin the Post Office Depart-
ment, in view of the amount of extra labor growing out of
the letting of mail contracts, $600.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move the following
amendment, to come in after line six hundred and
fifty-three:
To compensate Thomas IL Breen for three hundred and
fifty-three days' services as clerk to the superintendent of
Mint repairs, at $ I 50 per diem, $529 50.
Mr. LETCHER. That amendment is not in
order. It is a private claim.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is inclined to
rule this amendment out of order.
Mr. FLORENCE, it is to make an appropri-
ation under existing laws. I will submit a letter
which explains the whole matter. It is very can-
didly written, and I trust it will be read.
Tiie letter was read, as follows:
Mint op j-iie United States,
I'hzladsuphzk. January 21,1857.
Deau Sin: 1 venture to a->k your aid u procuring for me,
fiom Congses-, an appiop-utiou l'oi my relief, for uncom-
pensated &emu's> ivndored to the United States under the
following circumstances:
In the >ear ItJjj an appropriation of .$125,000 wa« passed,
to be expended in making the Minf at Philadelphia lira-
pi oof, and in repairs. Tno disbursement ot thi- fund was,
m snboidinatiou n the Secretary ot the Trea-uiy. placed
under the control of Captain Andrew Talcott, under the
deMgnatiou of superintendent of Mint repair*.
^ Xii lite performance of the duties devolved upon him,
Captain Talcott lound it accessary to secure the services
of a person to aid Imn a* clerk, in keeping the accounts,
correspondence, &c., connected with tlie work. In place
of engaging euch a clerk outride of the Mint, he proposed,
with a view to economy, to employ mvself, at asma:l extra
compensation. I was then, and atn still, employed in the
Mint at per diem wages. Captain Tfilcott agiced to pay
me ,"51 53 psr diem ior extra services and over time m the
pcrfoiiuance of the duties indicated ; and with the consent
or t'ie Directoi I undertook the work, in additioa to my
ordmarv and engrossing occupation in the Mint proper, fa
tins employment I continued from July 1, 1855, to June 17,
ISoo, viz: three hundred and fhty-tliree days, which, at
$L enti les me to .<$o29 50. For the seivicc from July i
to December 31, lb55, my bill was paid, amounting to $273,
on the certificate of the superintendent, Oaptnm Talcott?
but on the adjustment of the account at the Treasury, the
payment vva0 disallowed, as hiving been contrary to* law.
For my service from January 1 to June 17, 1850, I have
presented no bill, in view of the decision of the Secretary,
although I consider myself fully entitled to tlie remuner-
ation.
The ground of the disallowance is. that the payment was
contrary to the second section of theactof Augu -t 23,1842,
via : " That no officer in any branch of the public service,
or other person whose suiaiy, pay. or emolument b or are
fiKcd by law or regulations, shall leeeive any additional pay,
extia allowance, or comp:n-ation, in any form whatever,
for the disbusseinent of pubii? money, or for any other ser-
vice or duty whatr-oever, unless the same shall be author-
ized bylaw, and the appiopnation therefor explicitly set
forth that it is for such additional pay, extra allowance, or
compensation."
In a letter from the Treasurer of the Mintto the Secretary
of the Tieayuiy, of the 21st of October last, the attention
of the Depa.tment was called to the fact, inasmuch as my
employment in the Mint was at a per diern compensation,
which the Director had tlie power of increasing or dimin-
ishing in rate, of his own authority, I did not come pioperly
within the purview of the law as one bavins a c; fixed"
salary oi emolument, and that the allowance tome wnj as
proper as the extia, allowances foi special and over-work
frequently allowed to other operatives in the Mint and
branches, with the Comptrollers approval. Cut the Secie--
tary still peisisted in his first decision.
I murt, therefoie, assume that the payment for mv ser-
vices cannot be made under the pie^ent stale of the huv,
and must ask that C'ongiess should make a special appto-
prianoi) for that purpose.
Of the fact? that I was employed by Captain Talcott, and
that 1 entered on the duties, and perfoimed them m good
faith, and in lehauce on the promised compensation, there
can be no depute. As to the foimei point, I will extract
fiom a letter of Captain Talcott's sent to the Secretary of
the Treasury, Febiuary 07, ISoS, viz: u Under the ee.ieiai
authority vested in the superintendent to procure t.-uch ?cr-
viccs as were ncccssaiy for keeping proper rocords of the
experd-tures for, and progress of the work, by pcrmi^ion
of Colonel Snowden, Director of the Mint, Mr. Brcen, a
clerk on per diem pay, wan selected and employed at a
lovv>r rate of compensation than a competent person could
liav."} been hired ior thi? duty only."
The fi;st intimation from the Department that the charge
was objected to wa.; on the 12th March, 1833. after I had
been eight months, engaged In tlie service; but Oapt.iin Tal-
cott bems about to leave, I continued the duty, as I have
stared, until the 17th of June.
Had a desk been ena^ged fiom outside the Mint em-
ployes, his services would have co^t from three to four dol-
lars per day: and as such a pei=on was unii.3pcn-aiile.it is
unquestionable that such an expenditure wou:d ha\e b'-en
allowed. My ovn employment, therefore, at the rate fixed
was an econoim to tin* Government.
Deeming iny eif equitably entitled to remuneration ac-
cording to the term.? of my enc.'ag.Mnent, 1 tru^t you will aid
me in secunns such a provision of law as will except me
fiom the relictions of the act before quoted. £ .«uppo e
an item in the appiopnation bid "to compensate Thomas
H. JRreen, tor thiee hundred and fifty-thre? dayV service* as
eierk to the superintendent of Mint repairs, at $1 oJ pur
diem. .$529 ."J,5-" would be ^udieient.
Will you have tin- Rmdncsb to send me a few words at
your eaihe^t convenience ?
Very respecttuhv, vour obedient servant and friend,
H • ' THOMAS II. BREEN".
Hon. Thomas B, Florence, IFashington.
Pending tlie reading,
Mr. LETCHER, (interrupting.) I rise to a
point of order. We have got something else to
do than having papers of this sort read.
Mr. FLORENCE. We want to do justice to
al! men. Because this is a poor man who asks
