1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
839
would require a suspension of the rnles in the
House to take a recess, and the committee cannot
entertain any such motion to suspend the rules.
When the committee have taken a recess hereto-
fore, they have a;one into the House and obtained
permission to do so.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let us remain in committee
and go on with the bill. We can go through with
it in twenty minutes.
Mr. HARRIb, of Maryland. I withdraw my
motion with the understanding that the vote is to
oe at once token on the pending amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can with-
draw his motion, but not with any condition at-
tached to it that can be regarded by the Chair.
Mr. WAKEMAN demanded tellers on Mr.
Tappan's amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Greenwood
and Chaffee were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 67, noes 59.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to offer
the following amendment:
*
Strike out lines seven hundred and sixty-four and seven
hundred and sixty live, under the head of " Territory of
Kansas/5 as follows:
" For the extraordinary expenses of the executive office,
$6,01
Mr. SHERMAN. I am informed, that while
I was speaking a few moments ago, a member of
this House used, in regard to me,an opprobrious
•epithet—a member sitting on the other side of the
House.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
can make no personal-explanation but by com-
mon consent, as it is interrupting the regular
order of business.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not suppose the gen-
tleman is in order, whether what he says is so or
not. But the gentleman to whom he refers is not
in his seat.
Air. SHERMAN. I did not hear the remark,
but I am told that it was made. As the member
to whom I refer is absent, I can now say no more.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, offered the following
amendment:
Aster the word "thousand,"' in line eight hundred and
fifty-seven, insert the words " five hundred," so that the
ciauic shall read: " For incidental expenses of the several
land offices, §15,'>00."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment upon my individual responsi-
bility:
After line eight hundred and seventy-one, insert:
For tile construction and erection of suitable cases to
receive the collections of the United States exploring expe-
dition and others m geology, mineralogy, &c., belonging to
the United States, now in the Patent Office, and elsewhere
in Washington, $15,000.
For th^ evpense of transporting those collections, and
the permanent arrangement of the ca^es, §2,000.
3ir. LETCHEK. Is that amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is inclined to
think that it is not in order.
Mr. MORGAN. On what ground does the
Chairman decide it to be out of order ? It is clearly
in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope the Chair
will reconsider that decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair misappre-
hended the case when the amendment was offered.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Thousands and
tens of thousands of dollars have been expended
in bringing these various curiosities from ex-
ploring expeditions here; and yet they are now,
for want of proper system, perfectly worthless.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
where the cases are to be put? It would take a
house to hold §15,000 worth of cases 
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to all debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair withdraws
his former decision, and holds the amendment to
be in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for a di-
vision. This is nothing but to make appropri-
ations for the Smithsonian Institution.
Mr. GREENWOOD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Green-
wood and Sage were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 95, noes 26.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GOODE. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in after line eight hundred and
eighty-one:
To pay for the furniture of the district court-room of the
eastern di^tuct of Virauim, heretofore purchased bv the
marshal of that district, $-349.
I would state that these expenses were incurred
under circumstances which lendered theexpend-
iture unavoidable. The accounts have been cer- ■
tified by the judge and district attorney, and were i
presented to the Secretary of the Interior, who |
stated in a letter addressed to me that it was a;
just claim and should be paid, but that the exist-
ing law required the application to be made to
him before the expenses were incurred. The cir-
cumstances were such as to require instantaneous
action oil the part of the marshal. I hope the
committee will find no difficulty in directing the
payment.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of order.
I take this to be a private claim.
Mr. GOODE. The amendment, sir, is germane,
for it is to a provision to pay the expenses of
circuit courts.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Let it go. It is
all right.
! Mr. STANTON. I withdraw my point of
i order.
| The amendment was agreed to.
j Mr. BALL. I move the following amendment:
I In line eight hundied and ninety-two, strike out the word
j ct sixteen.11 and insert the word " eighteen and in line I
j eight hundred and ninety-three, «triko out " $9,600," and
insert " .$10:803;:' so a<= to make tiie clause read ■
For compensation of eighteen laborers employed in the
public grounds and President's garden, ,510,800.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that this amendment makes a change in the ex-
isting law
Mr. BALL. Not at all; it only increases the
number of laborers.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If it increases the
number, then I insist it is out of order.
Mr. BALL. The necessity for the amendment j
arises out of the fact of the proposed enlargement j
of the mclosure for plants, &c.* I am instructed j
by the Committee on Public Buildings and t
Grounds to report an amendment to tlie miscel- i
laneous bill for enlarging those grounds, which ;
will require an additional number of hands. !
The question being upon Mr. Ball's amend-
ment,
Mr. GREENWOOD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wash-
burse, of Illinois, and Florence, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 87, noes 37.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mi'. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to strike
out the appropriation for a watchman for the
buildings used as Government stables.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am opposed to that
amendment, and call for a vote upon it.
Mr, SMITH, of Virginia. I have moved this
amendment to show the disposition there is to
multiply employes. You cannot even have a
building for a stable but you must have some-
body to watch it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for a divis-
ion upon that amendment
Mr. HOUSTON "
gentleman let the amendment go, and have a vote
upon it in the House. Do not let us break up the
committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would" inquire
of the Chair whether, if there is less than a quo-
rum, tins is a committee ?
The CHAIRMAN. There is not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then, if there is
a quorum present to vote, there will be no break-
ing up of the committee.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 call for tellers, so that we
may not be without a quorum.
Mr. WALBRIDGE moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia, withdrew his amend-
ment.
Mr. STANTON. I move to strike out the fol- j
lowing: j
For compensation of four draw-keepers at the Potomac
bridge, and for fuel, oil, and lamps, §3,-66.
There never was any propriety, in my judg- j
went, that we should pay for these draw-lseepers, •,
and much less now, when a part of the bridge
has been carried away.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The draws have
not been carried away. The draws have to be
opened as regularly now as ever.
Mr. STANTON. Nobody can go across the
bridge anyhow; and T should like to know wiiy
the draws should not be kept open altogether?
Mr. WASHBURN,'of Maine, demanded tell-
ers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dewver and
Roberts were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 90, noes 33.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am directed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to report the
following amendment, to come in at the end of
the bill as an additional section:
be it further enacted, That the provisions of the
twenty-eighth section of an act entitled, <vAn act making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the
Government, for the year ending the 30th of June, 1855, and
for other purposes," approved 3d March, 1855, be, and the
same are hereby, extended for the term of two years.
An appropriation was made for tlie purpose of
employing: Mr. Powers, an artist, to execute some
work for the Capitol. He is, as everybody knows,
abroad in a foreign country, and the contract has
not been executed. The purpose of thisjjlfend-
ment is simply to save the appropriation,^Pvent
it from going back into the surplus fund,and keep
itahve, with a view to the execution of the origins!
intention of the law. The Committee of Ways
and Means were unanimously in favor of it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE. I would inquire of my friend,
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, if it is understood that the amendment I
offered for a similar purpose as that for which
he offered his last amendment, is adopted ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. It was understood
that the amendment of the gentleman should be
reserved, that he should offer it again, and have
it acted upon by the committee. If it be simply
to prevent an appropriation from geing into the.
surplus fund, I suppose there will be no objection
to it.
The amendment was read, as follows:
I *2rul he it further cnactcJ, That the persons having claim'?
for services lendered and expenses incurred in the Cayuse
war, who failed to pie-ent them within the time prescribed
by law, shall be cntirU'd to jecuve pavuent thereof nj
though the same had heen presented within the time pre-
scribed by law, to be paid out of the unexpended appropria-
tion heretofore made for the payment of each nemueft and
cxpcnse.-s, including the chum of Mr. Goodwin for service*
a* clerk to Governor Gaines while acting as Cayuse war
commissioner.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, T give notice
of my purpose, and ask leave to publish the re-
mat ks touching the subject of appropriations for
the Territory of Utah, and which I would have
made had it been m order upon my proposed
amendment, with the privilege, accoiding to Utah
parlance, of " temporal expansion and spiritual
increase." [" Agreed !" "Agreed " on all sides ]
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
Committee do now rise and report the bill to the
House. ^
The motion Ms agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Nichols reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly Hqyse bilL
(No. G06) making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1838,
and had directed him to report the same to the
House with sundry amendments, and with a
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. X move the pre-
vious question on the bill. I desire to say that I
am anxious to have an evening session. [f< No I
No !"] It is absolutely necessary. I suggest that,
by common consent, we have the prt-vious ques-
tion ordered upon this bill to-night, with the un-
derstanding that we take the vote in the morning
upon the amendments. -
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered. .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 move that
the House adjourn.
