18'57.
THE €ONeKE!^i0NA'L 4(5L0ttE.
The resolution was read.. It provides for the
appointment of a commissioner to arrange the
respective value of the coinage of the United
States aiid Great Britain, and to establish a uni-
tary standard for coinage.
• The Committee of Ways and Means reported
an amendment, fixing the compensation of the
commissioner at $5,000.
Mr. PHELPS. This resolution explains it-
self. There are but two propositions contained
in it. There has been a movement upon the part
of distinguished men in Great Britain for the
purpose of adopting the decimal system of coin-
age. It has been a matter of investigation in
Parliament. It was examined by a committee,
-who unanimously recommended to Parliament
that the decimal system of coinage should be
adopted. For the purpose of having the coinage
of the two countries exactly-commensurable, it
is, perhaps, important that we should adopt some
common standard of value in our coins. It is
proposed, therefore, that a commissioner shall
be appointed by the Government of the United
States to confer with a commissioner upon the
part of the Government of Great Britain, and
that this commissioner shall make his recom-
mendations to the next Congress. Then the
matter will be entirely before Congress, and his
recommendations can be adopted or not, as may
be thought proper. But meanwhile, as a move-
mentiias taken place in the British Parliament to
bring about so desirable an object, it is proper
that this commissioner should be appointed.
Mr. TYSON. I propose to offer an amend-
ment by inserting in the seventh line the words
" on the decimal basis."
Mr. PHELPS. I have no objection to the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
I do not deem it necessary, however; for no com-
missioner representing this Government would
ever entertain a proposition to change our decimal
system of coinage, which several of the Govern-
ments of Europe have adopted, and the British
Government is now proposing to dol^l demand
the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
, man from Missouri to withdraw the previous
question for a moment.
Mr. PHELPS. I will withdraw .it for expla-
nation".
. Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand the
gentleman from Missouri to say that it is not in
contemplation that our standard of decimal coin-
age can be altered in any event. If, therefore, the
Government of Great Britain sees fit to adopt our
system, let them do it. I can see no object to be
gained by the appointment of this commissioner,
■ unless it is proposed to change our system, and
to adopt thatof some othercountry, which I would
in no event consent to.
Mr. PHELPS. There is no proposition to
abolish or change our system of coinage. The
gentleman has presented an argument in favor of
the amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Tyson.] I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was taken on Mr. Tyson's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
The amendment of the Committee of "Ways
and Means Tyas tjlen agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not see why
_ the provisions of this bill should not be made to
apply to the remaining nations of the world as
well as England.
The joint resolution was ordered to be read a
third time; and it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. PHELPS demanded the previous question
on the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was "passed—
ayes 102, noes 36.
. Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote by
, which the resolution was passed; and also moved
, that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GOODS DESTROYED BY FIRE.
, Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I am directed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to report a
bill to remit and refund duties to the merchants
of New York upon goods destroyed in the ori-
ginal packages by the fire of 1845, and to request
that it be put upon its passage. The bill was
read a first and second time by its title, and it
was then read in extenso.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I, rise to" a
question of privilege. I notice in the official re-
port of our proceedings of yesterday, as published
in the Globe just laid on our tables, that the fol-
lowing language is attributed to a member from
Tennessee, as having been made in the midst of
my remarks on the Kansas amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand a report of the proceedings of the House in
the Globe to involve a matter of privilege; but it
may involve a matter of personal explanation.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to make a personal explana-
tion. jgt
Mr. BURNeWT. I will not object, if the gen-
tleman from Tennessee is in his seat.
Several Members. He is present.
Mr. SHERMAN. I find in the Globe the fol-
lowing:
" Mr. Wright, of Tennessee, (in his seat, and in a low
tone of voice ) That's a lie."
I wish now that the gentleman from Tennessee
may say whatever he desires to with regard' to
that remark, whether he is or not correctly re-
ported, and whether he did use the language
attributed to him ?
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker,
in using the language which I am reported to have
used on yesterday, with regard to the statement
made by the member from Ohio, I meant no dis-
respect to this House. I believed at the time,
and I now believe, that the statement made by
that gentleman was untrue. I have no more to
say.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have, under the circum-
stances, but little to say. This remark was made
in so low a tone that it was not, and could not,
be heard in' this part of the Hall. I submit
whether this fact does not show that this language
was used under cover, so that I could not know
it. Before I was informed of what was said, the
member left the House. Sir, it is the language
of blackguardism, induced by excitement and
drunkenness, and needs only to be stated to be
despised. The remark made to-day shows that
the member, whether drunk or sober, is not en-
titled to the notice of a gentleman.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the gentleman is not in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say one word more.
I supposed that it was only necessary to call the
attention of that member, with whom my rela-
tions heretofore, though not intimate, had been
kindly, to the remark I have read, to call forth
from him a manly retraction.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee, took the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman 'can only
proceed by unanimous canscnt.
Several Members. There is no objection.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. I cannot of
course be expected to bandy epithets with the
gentleman from Ohio until he relieves himself
from the imputation which I think has been cast
upon him. This is all I have to say.
GOODS DESTROYED BY FIRE—AGAIN.
Mr. DENVER. I offer the following amend-
ment to the bill just reported from the Committee
of Ways and Means:
Add as an additional section;
Jlnd he it further enacted, That the provisions of this act
shall be applied to the city and port of Sail Francisco as
nearly as may be : Provided, That the. amount allowed for
the same shall not exceed the sum of $500,000, in addition
to that already herein appropriated.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, I
desire merely to make a brief explanation of the
objects of this bill, and then to submit it to the
consideration of the House. The bill only pro-
vides for the refunding of duties for goods de-
stroyed ifi the original packages upon a particular
day in the city of New York.
As far back as 1790 a law was passed by Con-
gress to relieve a particular individual from duties
under analogous circumstances. Another law
was passed for the "relief of a particular individual
in 1794. A third bill"was pissed in 1838, the pro-
visions of which are almost idferitieal with the one
now reported, for the relief of persons.in New
York for "damages by the fire of 1845. The'law
of 1854 makes a general provision allowing the
Secretary of the Treasury to refund or remit "du-
ties in all cases"on goods which may be destroyed
on bond in the public or in private warehouses
of the United States. This law is intended to
relieve persons who suffered in a particular fire
in 1845. The amount^sbe appropriated';® lim-
ited to $300,000. THMtis no appropriation of
money in the bill. TheTOount of the certificates
is to be paid within one year" from their dates,
out of money hereafter to be appropriated for it.
These are all the remarks I desire to make upon
the bill which has been reported by the com-
mittee.
As to the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from California, no details have been sub-
mitted to the committee upon whfch they could
take the responsibility of reporting a provision
for that case. If the House shallsee fit to incor-
porate it into the bill, it is, of course, a matter to
which I shall interpose no difficulty. I'ask the
previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man from Maryland to withdraw his call for the
previous question to answer a questionJwhfch I
desire to propound to him ? I should be gladfto
have the opportunity to add "s'ome'remarks, but
that is precluded. I desire to know how"this bill
g«$s here ? How is it that the House has not
been able to get a copy of the bill for its exam-
ination, for I believe there is but one'copy of the
bill in the House?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The bill was di-
rected to be reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means; and the bill which they have re-
ported was printed months ago in the shr.pc of
an amendment reported from the Committee on
Commerce. The bill reported is in the precise
words reported by the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have not had a
copy of it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The bills are in
the document room.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 'No, sir., .l"¥enta
page to the document room, and the rejSort he
brought back was that'theie'is no "bill' of that
sort.
Mr. HOUSTON. -I rise to a point of order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I believe' there is
an appropriation in this bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to know of the
gentleman from Maryland if this'bill was re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I am not aware
that it was. There was a memorial on this'sub-
ject referred to them.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask for such evidence of
the reference of the bill as may exist. If there
is none, I say—and this is my point of order—
that the Committee of Ways and Means have up
right, no authority, to report the bill, unless it
has been referred to them.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I submit that it is
too late for the gentleman to make that objection.
The SPEAKER. No papers are reported with
the bill—nothing but the bill itself.
Mr. PHELPdA' I merely desire to say that
for three weeks past I have been so unwell as
to be barely able to be here three or four days
during that time. I was a little astonished myself
when this bill was reported from the committee;
for I had no knowledge of its reference there, or
of any action of the committee on it. I am well
aware that a bill of this kind was acted upon by
the Committee on Commerce, and by a vote
of the House referred to the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man from Maryland to withdraw his demand for
the previous question, to enable me to explain.
A memorial from the merchants of New York
who suffered from the fire was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means. The subject
was before the committee at several meetings,
during the sickness of my colleague from Mis-
souri, and it was finally acted on this morning^
In addition, I would simply say, lhat itis a bill
which passed the Senate during the last Congress
by a very large majority, and came within two
votes of carrying two thirds of this House. It
is now reported from the Committee of Waya
