ku
the congressional globe.
February 24,
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
~ayes 59, noes 73.
So die motion was disagreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
f fee I it to be my duty to present all these bills,
and ask on them the action of the committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 hope the
gentleman will not insist on that course of pro-
ceed ids'. He has been defeated by a large vote
on every motion.
* Mr. CAMPBELL, ofOhio. I think my record
for eight years will prove that I am as good a
friend of river and harbor improvements as the
gentleman can be; but it is my duty to ask the
Gommittee to take up these bills, and I shall con-
tinue to do it, in order to relieve myself from the
responsibility which must rest somewhere if tliey
fail to become law. Therefore I move to take up
House bill (No. 615) making appropriations for
certain civil expenses of the Government for the
year endins the 30th of June, 1858.
Mr. McMULLIN demanded tellers.
< Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Talbott
and Sapf were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 5G, noes 68.
So the motion was disagreed to,
(At this point the committee rose informally,
unci a message was reeeiyed from the Senate, by
Asbubv Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ments of the House to the following joint resolu-
tions of the Senate:
A resolution (INTo. 42) to provide for ascertain-
ing the relative value of the comasreof the United
States and Great Britain, and the fixing the rela-
tive value of the unitary coins of the two coun-
tries; and
A resolution (No. 53) to prevent the counter-
feiting of the coins of the United States.
The committee then resumed its session.]
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
committee take up the bill (H. R. No. G37)
making appropriations for the transportation of
the United States mail by ocean steamers and
otherwise during the fiscal year ending 30th Juiv,
1858.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is it in order to debate the
qVstioti ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. McMULLIN. If the appropriation bills
are to be passed we had better take them up.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 call for tellers upon
iho motion of the gentleman from Ohio.
Tollers were ordered; and Messis. Winslow
and Woodruff were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported :
—ayes 51, noes 67. !
^ So the motion was not agreed to. !
_ Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. We owe the In- I
dians a great deal of money which ought to be |
paid, and 1 move to take up the Senate amend-
ments to the bill (FI. R. No. 614) making appro- !
priations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and fur fulfilling treaty •
stipulations with various Indian tr.bes, for the I
year ending June 30, 185S. i
Mr. WALBR1DGE. 11 is evident to me, from
the course puisued by this committee, that no
business is to be done to-day. If u-e go back into j
the House, we may go to I he business upon the j
Speaker's table, and do something. I therefore ,
wove that the committee rise. i
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
tellers upon the motion of the gentleman from i
Ohio. , ° |
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McMtaux i
ami biMMONs were appointed. j
rhe committee divided; and the tellers reported ■
—ay> s 61, docs 71. r [
So ibe motion was not agreed to. '
Mr. CAHXfLE. It is apparent that a great j
many members are absent, and I move that the :i
cmohiitrce rise, with a view of gomg into the li
House, and having a call of the House. \\
The motion was not agreed to, ■
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have moved this j
morning to take up&?/ iathnvach one of the general
appropriation bills, believing unless they were !
acted upQU to:duy, and scut to the Senate, there I
would be great danger of their failing-. I find the I
gentlemen on this side of the House, with whom
a part of th<> Committee of Ways and Means have
acted in concert, have voted against considering
them. There has been a clear majority upon
each vote against considering these bills; and by
way of relieving myself from the responsibility
which must follow, I desire to call the attention
of the country to the fact. I might go on and
move again seriatim 9 on the rotary principle, and
consume the whole time of the committee; but I
have very much regard for the opinion of the
majority, although I believe that opinion to be
founded in error. I shall therefore submit no
further moti-on to take up these bills.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now renew
my motion to pass over a bill (H. R. No. 18) to
secure homesteads to actual settlers on the public
domain.
Mr. GALLOWAY. I move that it be laid
aside to be reported to the House, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for the reading of the
bin.
,The CHAIRMAN. The motion being one to
pass over a bill, it is not within the power of a
member to insist on its reading.
Mr. LE TCHER. The proposition is that it be
laid aside, with the recommendation thatitdopass.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
this is sirnpiy a proposition to pass by a bill, in
order to take up some otlier bill. The bill is not,
therefore, before the committee, and it is not in
the power of a member to demand its reading.
Mr. SMITH, of Virgin#. The proposition is
not to report the bill?
The CHAIRMAN. No, to past? it over.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. 1 desire to have the
bill read.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
that it is not to be read, as it is not before the
committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hold that it is
before the committee, as it is the first bill on the
Calendar.
Mu WASHDURNE, of Illinois. This thing
has been ti led once in this Flouse. It was not in>
order to have the bills read when the Nebraska
bili was before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides jn ac-
cordance as he underc-tands with the uniform
decisions of the House, that the reading of a bill
moved to be passed over cannot be demanded.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is not the bill
before the House for action?
The CHAIRMAN. The Cieric will read the
333th rule.
The 13.jth rule was read, as follows:
In CommUU-e of the VVhn]*> on the s-tute oi Hie Union,
the b;iN r-iuli be taken tip aiid tli'po-ed oi m then onier on
the Calendai ; but when obj.-cnou i-j undo to the oousid-
Ct.muti o lull, a nujo it> of tin; conitmUce -h-tll decide,
without ri 'hate, whether it >hn!l bo taken U[> and disposed
o; oi laid a-ul'1; provide d that guneial appiopuution bills, :
and, in tune of wa>, bills lot uuHns njrn or money, and ■
bill- oonc-unuic a treaty of poace, .-hull be pivfeired to all
otfi!-i bills, at the discretion of the committee; and, when '
demanded by any member, the question tiiall first be put ^
ui icit'ionce to them * j
Mr, McVlULLIN. I demand that the ques- [
tion shell! first be put on the general appropriation !
bilis. I then-fore move to take -up the first general
appropriation bill on the Calendar. !
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that 1
the proposition before the committee is that made
by the gentleman from Illinois; and the reason :
why the reading of the bill cannot be called for j
is, as the Chair considers, that the motion is
simply a proposition that the bill be passed over, '
not acted on ■
Mr. HOUSTON". I understand that the rule
requires that the b lis shall be taken up in their
order. Now, if this bill is the first on the Calen- i
dar, it requires a motion to set it aside, and when
that motion is made, it is the right of the member ,
to have the bill read. Now, Mr. Chairman, in
view of these difficulties. I move that we take up ;
the Army appropiiation bill.
Mr. WAfciHlSURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a,,
question of order. The committee having once
to-day refused to take up that bill, it is not in j!
order to renew the motion.
..Mr. HOUSTON. The committee may have
changed its mind since that vote was taken.
Mr. KENNETT. I desire to make a point of
order. ^ The first bill on the Calendar has been
called in its order, and a motion to pass over that
bill has been entertained by the Chair, and no
other motion can be made till that is disposed of
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr CARLILE called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. GALLOWAY called for tellers on Mr.
Washburne's motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pringle
and Shorter were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 78, noes 28; no quorum voting.
The roll was called, and the absentees noted.
The committee then rose: and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Mace reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and having found
itself without a quorum, had caused the roll to be
called, and had directed him to report the facts to
the House, with the names of the absentees.
The following are the names of the absentees:
Messis. Albright, Allison, Barclay, Barksdaic, Bell,
Ri^hop, Bhs«3 Jam^s II. Campbell, John P Campboil. Lewis
D. Campbell, Chaflee, Howeil Cobb, Cox, Cnlien. David-
son, Jacob C Uavif, Denver, Dunn. Elliott,-Emue. EtSier-
id?c, Evans, Ilenrv >1. Fuller, Guiding-, Grow, J. IUorn>on
Harris, Harrison, Heibert, Hrckman, Thoma< R. Horton,
j Vaientme B. Tlonon, Hughston, Jewett, J. Giancy Jonc?,
Kent, King, Knowiton, Matteson, Miilvvard, Mordecai Oli-
ver, Paino, Hearer, Peck, Pelton, Pettit, Phelps, Ueade,
Rjpaud, Ritchie, Rivers, Robison, Rust, Sliced, Stephens,
Swope,Tnppe, Vail, Valk, Welch, Weils, Wheeler, Whit-
ney, and William?.
A quorum being now present, the committee
resumed Us session, (Mr. Bocock in the chaii.)
The tellers having resumed their places, the
committee again divided upon the motion to lay
aside House bill No. 18; and the tellers reported
—ayes 74. noes 37; no quorum voting.
The roll was accordingly called; and the follow-
ing named members failed to answer to their
names.
Me-wr«. Allen, Barclay, Barksdale. Bell. Hendlev S. Ben-
nett, Blis«, Boyce, John P. Campbell. Len'h I). Campbell.
Bayard Clarke, Howell Cobb, Cox, Ciaigp, Cullen. David-
son, Jacob C. Davis, De Witt,Dunn, Elliott, Emrie. Erber-
id<?e. Eiistis. Evans, Foster, Henry M. Fuilci, Garnert,
Gidriuigs, Grow, Harrison, Herbeu, Hickman, Hoffman,
Valentine B. Horton, Hugh^ton, Jewett, J. Glancy Jones,
Keitt, King, Knowiton, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey
Marshall, Samuel S. Mai shall, Matteson, MeMuilin, Mifl-
waid, Morrison, Mordecai Oliver, P«arce, Polton, Phelps,
ileade, Ricaud, Ritchie, River-?, Robi->on, Snoed, Stephen**,
fc?\vc>pe, Tnppc, Vail, Valk, Walker, Warner, Welch, and
Weil*. '
The committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Bocock reported that the
Committee of the VV hole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union gerieially
under consideration, and particularly the subject's
referred to it, and finding itself without a quorum,
had caused the roll to be called and the absentees
to be noted, and had directed him_to report, the
names of the absentees to the H<3®e.
A quorum having answered to their names, the
; committee resumed its sitting.
; Pending the above call,
| Mr. CRAWFORD stated that his colleague,
, Mr. Warxer, was detained from the House by
i indisposition,
| The CHAIRMAN stated that the question^
, before the committee was on the motion to pass*
1 over the homestead bill; that tellers had been
ordered, and Messrs. Caklile and Watson
would act as tellers.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 82, noes 40.
So the motion was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the next bill on
the Calendar was House bill (No. 74) to amend
and supplementary to " An act to organize the
Territoues of Kansas and Nebiaska," approved
May 30, 1854.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the committee
take up the Army appropriation bill, that we may
proceed to the consideration of the legitimate
business of the session.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 rise to a
question of order. That motion has been once
voted down, and, I hold that it is not in order at
this time to renew it.
The CHAIR-MAff. The Chair believes that
this is a new question. He is not aware that it
has ever arisen before in Committee of the Whole.
The 135th rule is as follows:
" In Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
