THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS
OF CONGRES*S,
PUBLISHED BY JOHN C.
RIVES, WASHINGTON,
D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session-.
THURSDAY
FEBRUARY 26, 1857.
New Series..
..No. 54.
THE TARIFF BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report back the bill of the
House of Representatives reducing the duty on
imports, and for other purposes, with sundry
amendments which they propose to it. I also
give notice that I myself, on my individual re-
sponsibility, shall offer a substitute for the bill,
which I ask may be printed along with the bill.
To-morrow at twelve o'clock I shall move to take
lip the bill. We have so little time for its con-
sideration that the question cannot be considered
at all unless we dispose of it by, at the furthest,
Thursday night. To-morrow 1 shall ask the
Senate to take it up; and I hope we shall con-
sider it continuously until it be disposed of.
Mr. BRODHEAD. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Finance, I beg leave to say that I dis-
sent from both these reports. I believe the meas-
ure as it came from the House of Representatives
is the only practical one which can be adopted
at this late period of the session to reduce the
revenue.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it the gentleman
will not, when his printed bill will only be laid
on the table at eleven o'clock, ask us to take it
up at twelve o'clock. No man will have a chance
to read it before it is considered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is no agreement to
take the bill up, but it is a mere notice that the
Senator will move to take it up.
Mr. COLLAMER. I give notice that I shall
oppose the motion until we have had one night
to read the bill.
The amendments were ordered to be printed.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ccllom, their Clerk, announced that they
had passed a bill (H. R. No. GOG) making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1858; which, on motion of Mr. Hun-
ter., was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
REMISSION OP DUTIES.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a bill (H. R. No.
848) to remit or refund duties on goods, wares,
and merchandise destroyed by fire; which, on
motion of Mr. Seward, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee oil Finance.
COINAGE.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the joint resolution
(No. 42) to provide for ascertaining the relative
value of the coinage of the United States and
Great Britain, and fixing the'relative value of the
unitary coins of the two countries, with.amend-
ments, to insert after "arranging," the words
" on the decimal basis;" and also to insert at the
end of the resolution, " and that the compensa-
tion of said agent or commissioner shall not ex-
ceed $5,000 in full for his services and expenses."
Mr. HUNTER. This is a joint resolution
providing for sending a commissioner to confer
with Great Eritain on the subject of coinage.
The House of Representatives propose to limit
the inquiry to the decimal basis and to restrict the
expenditure. I move that we concur in the House
amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the joint resolu-
tion (No. 55) to prevent the counterfeiting of
the coins of the United States, with an amend-
ment to strike out the word " instructed" and In-
sert " authorized."
On the motion of Mr. HUNTER, the amend-
ment was concurred in.
ADMISSION OF MINNESOTA.
Mr. HALE. I rise, Mr. President, to make a
privileged motion; I move to reconsidcr the vote,
as I.gave notice.1 would do, by which the Senate
54
passed the bill granting leave to Minnesota to
form a State constitution. To-day is the last
day that motion can be submitted, according to the
rules. Having; voted in the affirmative, I move
to reconsider the vote.
Mr. BIGGS. That bill passed on Saturday;
and is it in order to-day to move a reconsidera-
tion ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Hampshire gave notice on Saturday
of his intention to make the motion.
Mr. BIGGS. I understand that the next legis-
lative day after the vote has been taken is the day
on which to move a reconsideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Two days are
allowed.
Mr. WELLER. Does the Senator desire a
vote now on this question?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I wish to
say a few words.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Allow the
Chair to state the question. The Senate on Sat-
urday passed the biH of the House of Represent-
atives, numbered 642, to authorize the people of
the Territory of Minnesota to form a constitution
and State government, preparatory to their admis-
sion into the Union on an equal footing with the
original States, with amendments. Itis moved by
the Senator from New Hampshire to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed.
Mr. HALE. I wish to explain my motion in
a very few words. My reason for making the
motion is this: i think, whatever may have been
the intention of the amendments which were
moved by the honorable Senator from North Car-
olina, the effect of them must be to defeat the bill.
I have nothing to say about the intention or pur-
poses of the Hou&e of Representatives; but I
suppose it is perfectly m order to refer to the timo
of the session and the state of the business in
the other House, which, in my judgment and in
the judgment of the friends of tins bill, render it
impossible to reach it during the present session
if we send it back. It will be seen by reference
to the organic law of Minnesota, that as the bill
stood, without the amendments, nobody could
vote on the question of a State constitution
except citizens of the United States and other
persons who may have resided in Minnesota two
years next preceding the election, and have de-
clared on oath before a court of record their inten-
tion to become citizens, and have taken an oath
to support the Constitution of the United States,
and also an oath to support the organic law of
the Territory. These are the qualifications re-
quired by the bill without the amendments. My
object in moving a reconsideration is for the pur-
pose of reaching the amendments. Having made
this explanation, 1 leave the subject.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Without
any reference to the time at which this session of
Congress must close, I desire simply to say a few
words, because I stood a solitary member of the
Senate voting against this bill, although a a amend-
ment was put on it which 1 think bettered it very
much, as it came from the House of Representa-
tives. I would very cheerfully vote to reconsider
the vote on the passage of this bill, if I thought it
could then be laid on the table; but with my con-
victions—you may consider it in the character of
a personal explanation, or what not—J desire very
briefly to state why I shall vote against the re-
consideration.
Iam against the bill, with or without amend-
ment. 1 am against it velis el remis, teeth and
toe-nails, throughout. We have now, I think,
seven territorial governments, and this Govern-
ment is going on at a rapid pace in the acquisi-
tion of territory, and by mere expansion growing
up to what the Roman Empire became; as one of
her poets said, " Roma mit stds veribas.J5 We
are going on extending our territory too much,
with no Federal head, for State rights is thegreat
doctrine of the day, with no General Government
strong enough to bind them together, until, if this
process be continued, we shall disrupt and fall
asunder. The cord is being stretched so for that
it will snap of itself. Not only is the proposition
to admit this Territory as a S'ate, but it is to be
brought in as others have been brought in, by
artificial heat—a hot-bed plant, fomented by the
ambition of politicians, and brought forth prema-
turely and hastily. I believe tluit, from the found-
ation of the Government, we ought never to have
acted in regard to the Territories as we have done.
Gouverneur Morris, in reply to Mr. Livingston,
wrote the following letter:
Morrisania, December 4, 1s03.
Dear Sir: A circumstance, which turned up in conver-
sation yesterday. has led me again to read over vour letter
of the 3d of November, and my answer of the 28th. I per-
ceivc now, that 1 mistook the dtift of your inquiry, which
is substantially, whether the Congress can admit, a. < a new
State, tcrntory which did not belong to the United States
when the Constitution was made? In my opinion, they
cannot.
J alwavs thought that, when we =hould acquire Canada
and Louisiana, it would bo proper to govern them a« piov-
iriccs, and allow them no voice in our councils. In word-
ing the third section of the fourth aiticle, I went as far as
circumstances would permit to establish the exclusion.
Candor obliges me to add my belief that, had it been more
pointedly expres&ed, a strong opposition would have been
made.
I am, &.c., GOUVERNEUR MORRIS.
To Henry W. Livingston
I do not say, sir, that under no state of cir-
cumstances ought new States to be admitted into
the Union; but I have been here long enough to
seethe effect of new States coming in. When-
ever the State of Minnesota shall be admitted,
we shall have in this body two additional voices
against what I think are the best interests of the
country. I am not, as a southern man, going to
vote to help them to bludgeon us. I am not going
to put in their hands the club with which to cleave
down a brother. When they arc admitted, they
will, like all new States, be continually asking
for public lands for school?, for alternate sections
of land for roads, and we shall have propositions
for light-houses, for harbors, and for lake de-
fenses, and we shall be told about the adjacency
of the Canada border and the necessity of pro-
tection. When a Minnesota Senator lands here
with all the pomp and circumstance of a bashaw*
of three tads, with the aristocratic gtv.vity of an
English chancellor of the exchequer, he will open
his budget, and unfold proposition after proposi-
tion for roads, for canals, for light-houses, for
improvements of various kinds. You will find,
after admitting Minnesota, that like the name of
many a Tommy in an old man's will, the name of
Minnesota, the youngest child, will occur ofccner
on the statute-book and the proceedings of this
body, than the name of the Lord God ra the twen-
tieth chapter of Exodus. Then Minnesota, like
California, now the youngest State, will be the
presiding genius and divinity of the proceedings
of Congress. I do not want representatives here
from Minnesota for their votes or their power, or
what they will do after they get here.
I donotintend to say anything very harsh about
the new States: but there sits my friend from Cal-
ifornia, [Mr. Weller,] the representative of a
new State. If ever a man was constant, persist-
ent, watchful, and vigilant, over the interests of
his State, he has been of those of California. I
knew him as a Representative in the other House
from the State of Ohio; I knew him in the Mex-
ican war: I have seen him here as a Senator from
California. The State will lose more than lie will
by his retirement; but the moment they got a
chance they struck him down. Then there is my
venerable friend from Michigan, [Mr. Cass.]
Thank God, when the instructions of his Legis-
lature came here he had the manliness and force
of character to stand up against them, and against
the madness of the hour. He, rich in years, full
of honors, ripe in experience, has gone over the
dam. There is my other friend from Michigan,
his colleague, who will soon goin the same wajf.
Here is my friend from Iowa, not now in his seat,
[Mr. Jones,] of the same class, although at the
last session, by these land contrivances, he ob-
tained, I believe, grants for four railroads athwart
the State of Iowa. In this downward proclivity
