1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
851
give him and the outgoing Administration great
thanks for their general justice towards the South;
and if there be any virtue in State rights, we have
had the benefit of it under Franklin Pierce. But,
jf we admit this State, what will be the conse-
quence ? Under the exigencies of the case, it has
got so now that I suppose we are to have none but
northern Presidents. We have lately had none but
northern Vice Presidents At the next race the
Senator from New York has told you his party
are coming up to a new battle; and the Senator
from Massachusetts says that if they can only
get a part of Illinois, and Indiana, and New Jer-
sey, which I hope will never happen, they will at
last be able to batter down the Democratic party
proper. I suppose the gentleman from Illinois is
a candidate for the Presidency; and I do not want
to have this State of Minnesota come in and cast
its electoral vote against him or me. I know this
#is a reason which I cannot address to him per-
sonally so as to strike him; but I do not wish-to
have Senators here from this new State to settle
the rights of other Senators to seats. I do not
wish them here to vote on the bill of my friend
from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] who has brought
in a scheme resembling Clay's land distribution
bill. It is a good bill, and I give him my thanks
for introducing it. I think he had better try and
stick it on to this bill, and attempt in that way to
give some justice to the old States; God knows
we get nothing now. As I remarked a few days
ago, such are the avaricious and exorbitant de-
mands of the new State people, that if General
Washington were to die to-day, he being from an
old State, the new States would not give a piece
of land two feet by six in which to inter him.
I have said that I want no Minnesota Senators
here. Minnesota is a Territory belonging te^us,
and we have the power to make all needful rules
and regulations for it. Instead of taking into
partnership and fall fellowship nil those outside
Territories and lost people of God's earth, I would
sayletus take them, if we mustdo it, and rule them
as Great Britain rules Afghanistan, Fundostan,
and all through the Punjaub, making them woik
for you as you would work a negro on a cotton
or sugar plantation. I do not like the business of
ouying land and paying for it out of our money,
and then selling it out under price, or giving it
away to these people.
I have read the clause of the Constitution and
the article of the treaty with France, and if I were
in the Supreme Court 1 would decide that this
was all slave-holding Territory. I would say
that it should lemam slavcholding Territory until
free-soilism died out like Millerism and Mormon-
ism. I should be willing to reconsider the vote
by which this bill was passed; but I know that
if that be done I shall not succeed in laying it on
the table. If the proposition , that nobody but
American citizens shall vote is to kill it, I will go
in for that, as it rather suits my feelings. The
old States, particularly those of the South, might
profit by recurring to the course of Octavins Cae-
sar, who granted to his veteran soldiers Mantua
and Cremonenses, as eveiy school-boy has read
in Virgil's Bucolics. After the requital which he
received he might well exclaim with Tityrus:
u Quid facerem? Neque hcebat me exlrc servitio,
nec cognoscere tam pmscnies D'tvos alibi.''
I ask my friend from South Carolina what will
be the effect when you concede so much to these
northern men ? They are that same northern race
which from the north of Asia overran the empires
all through Asia, and afterwards overran the Ro-
man Empire, When you build up an Argen-
tium, and they swarm and swarm until they are
thick, will they not be attracted by the sunny
fields of the South? When by poverty and want
they get as Jiungry, and ferocious, and desperate, .
as their own prairie wolves, and when thgy come j
down, as they eventually will, to invade the j
South, and divide off your fields, you may have !
some Virgil to sing over it; but I say that by j
Vour conduct in this case you are leading to a !
course by which you will shiver your own house- |
hold gods on your own hearthstones, and you ;
will not be masters in your own country. Do you
want these Sclaves, and Germans, and Swiss, and ;
all mixed up nations of that sort, with their notions ;
?f government, unfitted it would seem by inher- ;
itancc and instinct for free government, to swarm j
np.in these northern latitudes, and eventually come j
down upon the South? First, I do not wish them •
there; next, I do not wish them to outvote us;
and besides, I do not wish to be eternally buying
lands and selling them at half price to these peo-
ple, keeping down the price of our own lands,
and bringing them into competition with our own
labor. ' *
As I have before stated, I am not a Native
American in the political sense of the term; but
I will say something for that paiNty, as I sup-
ported Mr. Fillmore very cordially, and was very
sorry he was not electea. I am anxious to see
on what tack Mr. Buchanan will set the ship of
State, when he makes his inaugural. The Amer-
ican party are a patriotic party. They doubtless
have done what they, thought was best. I never
believed that they really made any discrimination
as to religion, or set up any test, though it is true
they made a sort of left-handed slap at the Cath-
olics— a kind of demagogical drag-net to catch
votes?, and they lost them at that. The princi-
ples of the party may be a folly—may be a mere-
notion; but most of those who embraced them,
heart and soul, did it religiously. When Solomon
built his temple, he erected at the vestibule and
in the porch two pillars — on the right stood
Jachin,and on the left stood Boaz; so these peo-
ple, with the ark of the covenant, and with the
principles of law and of justice before them,
erected two great pillars to stand before the tem-
ple. One was the policy of Protestant civiliza-
tion; and the other the great principle, that Amer-
icans only, the sons of the soil—those who live
in and know the country, and have been raised
here, should govern it. These arc prinoiple^that
command my respect and admiration. This is :
what I have to say for them; but perhaps they |
can talk for themselves better than I can for |
them. I have stated why I am against this bill ;
pretty distinctly. j
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall not attempt to follow |
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. TuoMi>«oy] in j
all the positions he has assumed to-day. A great ,
portion of his speech has reference to questions '
that are not involved in the slightest degree in
the bill preparatory to the admission of Minne-
sota into the Union. So much of it as was occu-
pied in witticisms and in humor, I am willing the
Senate should enjoy without being disturbed by
anything I may say; but I think he has done li
great injustice to the people of Minnesota, and j!
in the doctrines he has advocated, done great j
injustice to the whole country, and to the princi- j
pics of the Constitution of the United States. He j
tells us that he cares not whether there are two j
hundred thousand or five hundred thousand people !
in Minnesota: he is ucteily opposed to their ad- ]
mission into the Union; and on what ground, let!
me ask, can he sustain that position.' Because, :
he says, by the Constitution of the United States, '
Congress " may admit new States;" and he de- j
mes that it is imperative on Congress to do so. :
Let me refer that Senator to the treaty which he |
has read to-dajr, and to the very clause that he <
read from the treaty providing for the acquisi- :
tion of Louisiana. The treaty provided that the j
ceded territory should be admitted into the Union ;
on an equal footing with the original States, in j
compliance with the Federal Constitution. The j
guarantee was given in the treaty that the tern- j
tory should be admitted into the Union. The I
gentleman's speech might have answcied in op- j
position to the ratification of the treaty by which j
we acquired Louisiana; but now, since the coun- ;t
try has been acquired on a guarantee that it -I
should come into the Union; since the Indian title i|
has been extinguished, and a territorial govern- |i
ment has been organized, and the people have :!
been invited under our laws to settle there with jj
certain lights and privileges, and among them the ;
right of coming into the Union, I_deny his right '
to interpose an objection now against the admis- i
sion of that State on an equal footing with the j
original States in conformity with the Federal j
Constitution. {
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I know the j
gentleman would not willingly misrepresent my \
argument. My argument is to this extent: by j
what provision of the Constitution is any num* j
ber of citizens entitled compulsorily to be admit- i
ted into the Union ? ^ !
Mr, DOUGLAS. The answer is, that by the i
principles of the Federal Constitution referred to !
m that treaty, a census is to be taken by the United j
States, and a ratio of population is to be fixed I
for a representation in Congress; and if a Terri-
tory is not entitled to come into the Union- when
she has the population sufficient for one Repre-
sentative under the Federal ratio, at what period
can she demand a fulfillment of the treaty guaran-
tying her admission? It either becomes a right
when she has the requisite population, or else the
treaty may remain nugatory forever. I admit
that Congress, in its discretion, may admit anew
State before she has that amount of population;
it has been done in several instances; but I hold
that admission into the Union in conformity with,
the Federal Constitution is a matter of right the
moment a Territory has the population required
by the ratio for a Representative in Congress.
There is no question that Minnesota has not only
that population, but enough for two, and proba-
bly enough for three Representatives in Congress..
I ask, then, on what ground are we to exclude
Minnesota from admission into this Union, in
pursuance of the treaty, in pursuance of the Con-
stitution and of her organic act? The Senator
says he does not wish to have any more States
here with their Free-Soilism and Democracy. I
know that Senator stands equally hostile in all
his professions to Free-Soilism and Democracy;
but I have never in my party zeal brought myself
to believe that I had a right to vote against the
admission of a State into the Union which was
entitled to admission in all other respects. I have
never brought myself to believe that I had a moral
right to vote against her admission because of her
politics. I never even came to the conclusion,
that I had a right to vote against the admission
of a State because she had a majority of Know
Nothings, or "Americans," or Free-Soilers,
within her limits, and much less because she had
a majority of Democrats within her limits. I have
not stopped to inquire, and I should not have the
means of ascertaining if I did make the inquiry,
whether Minnesota has a majority of Democrats,
or of Know Nothings, or of Free-Soilers, within,
her limits. That is a question for themselves. It
is enough for me to know that that people, as a
distinct community, have a right, under the treaty
and the Federal Constitution, to admission into
the Union on an equal footing with the original
States.* I hope, sir, the time will never come
when mjHpartisan or sectional feeling will induce
me to vote against the admission of a new State
simply because her politics do not agree with
mine. I have never voted against the admission
of a southern or slaveholdins: State because it wan
going to increase the power of that section; and
i will never stand here to acquiesce in the doc-
trine, that any Senator may properly vote against
the admission of a northern State or a free Stat&
because the institutions of the North may not be
acceptable to him.
I icgret that this sectional feelingshould spring
up here. I regret that we cannot stand here as
national men, true and faithful to the Constitu-
tion, and admit a State on an equal footing with
the original Slates whenever she comes with the
requisite population, whether she comes from the
North or the South, the East or the West.
The Senator says he is sorry he voted for the
Nebraska bill. I am not surprised that he is sorry
for it, because he must abandon the principles of
equality among the States which aie asserted by
that bill, before he could make the speech he has
delivered here this morning.
Mr. President, I do not see any force in that
portion of the Senator's objections to the admis-
sion of Minnesota, which arises out of the fact
that there are more northern than southern States
in this Confederacy. The doctrine of the Con-
stitution is that each State has a right to maintain
slavery or abolish it, to limit it, or prohibit it, as
it pleases. When this Union was formed, and
the Constitution was adopted, there were twelve
slavcholding States and one free State. Six of the
original slavcholding States have since abolished
slavery in obedience to that great principle which
authorizes the people of each State to do as they
please on that question. I maintain that New
Hampshire, and Connecticut, and New lork,
and New Jersey, and Pennsylvania, had a right to
abolish slavery within their respective limits—the
same ri°"ht that Virginia and South Carolina had
to maintain the institution; and I stand here to ,
vindicate the right of each State, old and new, to
do as it pleases in this respect. I advocated the
Nebraska bill because it assorted that great prin-
