1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the elective franchise. The same regulations that
might be well adapted to your Atlantic cities
might be very ill adapted to our interior Territo-
ries and States. It may be that you require
greater restrictions and cautions against abuses
where immigrants land by the thousand and hun-
dreds of thousands in your cities, than in the in-
terior, a thousand or one thousand five hundred
miles distant, where the mere pauper and beggar
never arrives, and where only the man who is
willing to work, and is desirous of making a home,
and an honest living by his labor, goes.
Why should we not allow the present legal
f voters of Minnesota to vote ? Permit me to say
there is an injustice, if not a breach of faith, in
inviting these people, eight years ago, to go there
and settle, with the guarantee extended to them of
this privilege of self-government, and now to vio-
late the law and your promise, when the time ar-
rives for them to come into the Union as a State.
It is odious. What reason can b*given for this
unjust discrimination against the people of that
Territory ? Can you complain that the people of
that Territory have been rebellious against your
laws ? Have they caused you any disturbance ?
Have they not been loyal to the Constitution,
loyal to the Union, loyflto the laws of the land?
While you have had Indian wars, and civil wars,
and acts of rebellion, and military force m other
; Territories, not one human being has heard a
complaint that the people of Minnesota were not
loyal, peaceable, industrious, honest, rivaling
any community on earth in their regard for good
order. These are the fruits of your organic law
which allowed these people to establish their own
institutions, prescribe their own qualifications of
voters, and regulate their own affairs. If the law
has yielded such fruits, why should you change
it.' What good do you expect to do to the com-
munity by changing a law where all is well, all
is quiet under the organic act and the ptactice as
it now stands? What in the ground on which it
becomes necessary to make this odious discrim-
ination ?
Senators have said in debate,, that their own
States require that men shall be citizens in order
■ to vote, and hence they feel bound to require it
in this case. Mr. President, permit me to tell
those Senators that the fact that their own State
requires a man to be a citizen before lie can rote,
is not conclusive evidence that that should be the
rule elsewhere. The fact that every other State
requires some peculiar qualifications does not
require you to impose that one here. In the first
place, we must bear in mind that, when the Con-
stitution of the United States was being formed,
the great difficulty with its framers was to agree
upon the qualification of voters. Some States
then permitted white men to vote without prop-
erty; others required white men to hold property
in order to vote. Some States required a prop-
erty qualification of real estate; others were
willing to allow men to vote if they had peisondl
property or an income to a certain extent. Some
States limited the qualifications of voters to white
men; others allowed negroes to vote it they were
free; others allowed Indians to vote on certain
terms and conditions. Each State wished, in the
convention, through its delegates, to establish for
the'Union the same rule of qualification which
that State had for itself; and inasmuch as twelve
States would not yield their preference to the
rule of the thirteenth, they found it impossible
to agree upon any uniform "rale. If this idea of |j
a uniform rule tor voters now set up had pre- !
vailed then, you could never have adopted -the [
Constitution, you could never have made the ■
Union.
How, the%was that difficulty solved? Read i
your Constitution. There you will find that your j!
members of Congress are to be elected by the !!
people having the qualifications required for vo- |
ters of the most numerous branch of the State j
Legislature, leaving each State to do as it pleased | ;
in prescribing the qualifications of voters for meiu- j'
bers of the Legislature, and then the Constitution ! |
of the United States adopting those qualifications
as the qualifications of voters for members of
Congress.
Hence you find that, under that clause of the
Constitution, the State of New York allows ne-
groes to vote for members of Congress, provided
they own property to the amount of $250. If
a negro owns that amount of property he has
intelligence enough to vote; but if he does not own
that amount of property, he has not sense enough
to vote: such is the rule in New York. In your
own State, the good old State of North Carolina,
(Mr. Biggs in the chair,) for which I have so
much affection and respect, you allowed, up to a
late day, free negroes to vote, not only for mem-
bers of Congress, but for your local and I believe
your State officers. Would you tell me that be-
cause North Carolina allowed a negro to vote, I
am therefore compelled to allow a negro to vote
in Minnesota? I remind my friend from Ten-
nessee, too, that, up to a few years ago, his State
allowed free negroes to vote on an equal footing,
I believe, with white men; or if not, on certain
conditions like those in New York. Is he com-
pelled to insist on free negroes voting in Minne-
sota because it was allowed in Tennessee and
North Carolina?
_ It is no answer to this argument to say that
since that time, within the last few years, within
my recollection, Tennessee and North Carolina
have changed their laws and constitutions m this
respect, and have prohibited negroes from voting.
They had a right to make that change. They had
a right to deprive the negro of the privilege of
voting, or to allow him to vote, as they pleased.
Each State had the same right. We, in Illinois,
have the right to allow a negro to vote if we
choose. We insistupon that right, and we would
fight for it because it is our right; yet never, with
my conscnt, will a negro be allowed to vote in
that State. Wo have a right, also, to prohibit it.
i We choose to prohibit their voting. We hold
that that State is a Suite of white people; that our
i Government was made by while people fur the
| benefit of white people; and whatever negroes are
! there, we will give them all the rights and pnvi-
! leges that we think negroes, as a class, aie ca-
i pablc of enjoying. We are our own judges on
1 that subject. We do not ask New England to
i tell us to change our black laws. We do not
t thank New Yoik for interfering with our rights
i in that respect, nor our Abolition brethren, or on-
J emies, as they choose to call themselves, in any
i part of the Union. Make your laws to suityour-
j selves; give the negroes what rights you please;
| let them vote or not vote; let them testify or not
■ testify; let them serve on juries or exclude them;
j let them serve ill the militia or prohibit it, as you
j please; it is your own right; it does not concern
! us; we shall not quarrel with you about it; but
! you must not come to us, and tell us that we must
\ allow a negro to vote with the same political and
i social rights as the white man, on an equal foot-
ing with ourselves, in our own State.
; _ My friend from South Carolina [Mr. Butler]
: informs me that a black man by the law of 1793,
| passed by Congress, could not serve in the nnhtia.
; Exclude them, then, from the argument. Still the
1 question arises, has not each State a right to say
| who may be jurors within its own limits? Has
j it not a right to let a negro serve or to exclude
, him ? Has not each State a right to prescribe the
j rules of evidence in its own courts ? May it not
i admit a negro or exclude him ? Has not each
' State a right to proscribe the qualifications of
j voters for itself? May it not admit a negro or
I exclude him? Hence the argument is complete,
; that each State must be left free to decide as it
| pleases on all these questions. j
| This brings me to consider another question ;
raised iu the debate. Gentlemen have denied the •
right of any sovereign State of the Uniou to allow
an unnaturalized foreigner to vote, because they i
•say that under the Constitution none but citizens '
can be allowed to vote. Did North Carolina !
opinion, was^free negro in the sense of the con-
stitution a free man. Neither do we regard a
foreigner there in the sense of our constitution
as a free man.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not going to enter into
a discussion with my friend from North Carolina
as to whether the people of that State construed
their own constitution rightly for half a century
or not. It is enough for my purpose that her
people thus construed it.
Mr. IlEID. The construction was different in
different places.
| Mr. DOUGLAS. Then, in a large portion of
j the State they thus construed it; the courts never
i decided it otherwise. I suppose my friend may
i recollect a historical incident in his own county in
I North Carolina, where some of the parties were
j not very remotely unknown, if not remotely con-
j nected with both of us. A distinguished man
j freed a large number of his own negroes in order
I to make them voters to elect him to the Legis-
lature of the State. [Laughter.] It was while
there, being told of that historical incident, con-
nected with a family which my friend and myself
respect very much, that I learned the history of
the North Carolina practice on the right of negro
voting.
Mr. President, I think it is too late in the day
to deny the right of each State in the Union to
prescribe the qualifications of its voters for the
most numerous branch of the State Legislature,
and all local officers, as it pleases. It may include
or exclude negroes; it may include or exclude
Indians; it may include all white men or may ex-
clude a portion of them; it may include women or
not, children or not. You sec at once, that when-
ever you lay down the rule that a State cannot
prescribe the qualifications of its own voters by
i allowing unnaturalized men to vote, you attack all
j the old Slates which did allow negroes to vote,
j I once had occasion to examine this question in
' a court of justice, twenty years ago. I examined
i the constitution of every State in the Union, and
I I came to the conclusion, on that examination, that
among the original thirteen States neaily every
one of them, perhaps with only two or three
exceptions, allowed negroes to vote under certain
circumstfffi&s and with certain limitations. My
friend from South Carolina says, what is more,
they voted for gentlemen generally. [Laughter.]
I trust so. i had supposed that none but gentle-
men could be elected," and I took it for granted
they did so vote.
What I am saying now is, that each State had
a right, under its constitution, to do as it pleased;
it exercised that right to suit itself; and no other
State then dared to interfere with the sovereign
will of each State to judge for itself. It is a new
doctrine, therefore, sprung up lately, that we must
hare uniformity in our laws; uniformity in the
elective franchise; uniformity in our institutions
respecting labor. Permit me to say that this new
doctrine was not the doctrine of our ancestors.
This uniformity doctrine is not the doqfcrine of
the Federal Constitution. Our fathers foresaw,
when they made this Government, that the local
laws which would suit the granite hills of New
Hampshire, would be ill adapted to the rice plan-
tations of Georgia and South Carolina. They
foresaw that the laws which would suit the to-
bacco plantations of Virginia would not suit the
agricultural region of New York. They saw that
the laws which would suit the Atlantic slope
would not be well adapted to the condition of
things in the Mississippi valley, and especially
on the Pacific ocettn, when we should spread
across the continent. Hence the first great prin-
hold that to be the doctrine when shealiowed free i' ciple of our Confederation was, that each State
negroes to \ote? Did other slavrholdmg States ii should be sovereign overall things relating- to its
hold that same doctrine when they allowed free ;• domestic concerns, with a right to do as it pleased,
negroes to vote on an equality with white men?
Mr. REID. Will the Senator permit me to in-
terrupt him ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. REID. My impression is, that in North
Carolinaafiee negro never could constitutionally
vote. The practice was, however, in some por-
tions of the State to permit it. In IS35, when our
constitution was amended, that point was settled
by inserting a prohibition in the constitution. My
recollection is, that the constitution of North Car-
olina no wis, that every free man with certain qual-
ifications shall vote; yet under our constitution it
u held that a foreigner cannot vote. Nor, in my
and that no other State should interfere with it.
The right of voting was one of those reserved
I; rights. The right to regulate labor was another
i[ of those reserved rights. Connecticut, permit me
|j to tell my friend from that State, had as good a
il light, i.i the early part of our history, to hold
; slaves, as she has now to prohibit slavery,
i! Mr. TOUCEY, Certainly,
i' Mr. DOUGLAS. New York, under the Con-
I stitution, had as good a right to hold slaves, be-
ll fore 1820, as Virginia, as Georgia, as South Car-
i! ohna, or as any other State; and had as much
II right to prohibit slavery when she did so, as any
other State which has prohibited it, or as every
