1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
855
tors, for the purpose of bringing them to a com-
mon understanding. I am satisfied myself, and
I think I can satisfy others, that there is no neces-
sity, there has been no occasion, to bring up this
discussion at all; but it has been brought up for
ulterior—I will not say purposes—but in reference
to ulterior results.
The Constitution of the United States, in giving
to Congress the power to fix a uniform rule of nat-
uralization, was designed to enable foreign-
ers emigrating to this country to become born
into, and be incorporated into, this Government.
Naturalization is the political birth of a foreigner
in this Government; but the elective franchise is
a political power; the holding of an office is a
political power; and the exercise of that political
franchise of voting or holding office depends upon
the sovereignty. You may incorporate into your
society any foreigner you please; you may take
him from Germany, from Ireland, from England,
from Prance; you may take a minor, feurteen
years of age, and make him a citizen; it is all
right; but who shall exercise the elective fran-
chise—who shall exercise the political power of
the country? These are questions for the polit-
ical organization of the country; and it is compe-
tent for a State, as the Senator from Illinois has
well said, to confine it to citizens twenty-one
years of age, or of fourteen years of age—to men
alone, or to women alone, and thus we should be
under the influence of a Government that I do
not like to name.
Mr. President, I hold that the exercise of polit-
ical power is always a question of political or-
ganization. This being the case, what right has
Congress, when it eschews and denounces the
exercise of political power over a Territory, to
prescribe the qualification of a voter in a Terri-
tory ? If it must exercise that power, and say
who shall vote in a Territory, ought we not to
say in reference to it what we think is right? If
we must say it in reference to what we think is
right, ought that elective franchise to be exercised
by anybody save those who are sworn to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States, and
are in allegiance with this Government?
I intend to vote wMi the Senator from Illinois;
but I do it, not because it is right in the abstract,
but because it is right in the spccial relation that
we occupy towards Minnesota. We have here-
tofore given her the right to permit not only cit-
izens of the United States, but those who had
taken the preparatory oath, to vote; and for that
reason alone I shall vote to reconsider, and give
them that right. But I deny in toto the right to
give political power to a man whom you cannot
punish for treason; and I invite gentlemen to an-
swer me this question: can you punish a foreigner
for treason? Tell me if you can,under yourlaws
of Congress—under the general principles of law
that govern this country, can you punish a for-
eigner for treason? No, sir; because he owes no
allegiance to this Government. If he is engaged
in plots and conspiracies, you may punish him
for those plots and conspiracies; but you cannot
punish him for treason, because that ligament or
bond of union which holds the citizen to the Gov-
ernment has never been created as to him. With
some of your voters in this Territory it has never
been created. Even that large class of whom you
speak may rally under the British flag to-day, take
muskets in their hands, and charge bayonets upon
our forces, and you cannot punish them for trea-
son against us; and yet you say this independent
portion of the people of Minnesota shall exercise
the right of shaping the institutions of Minnesota,
a dependency of the United States of America.
I shall never admit that Territories are independ-
ent. While I am free to admit, as a question of
policy, that it is best to leave the Territories to
regulate their institutions for themselves in all
respects, I shall never admit that Territories are
independent. They belong to us—they belong to
the Government of the United States—they are
part and parcel of our possessions; and when the
preparatory steps are taken to separate them from
us and make them independent, by permitting
them to form a State government, I choose to ex-
ercise the right of saying in what manner they
shall do it. When they have done it, and present
themselves for admission, I have but two ques-
tions to ask: Have you people enough to entitle
you to a Representative in Congress? Are you a
republican government? If the answers to these
two questions are in the affirmative, I intend to
vote for the admission of any Territory being
formed into a State.
I have heard nobody say that Congress had the
right to interfere with the elective franchise in a
State. TheConstitutionhaspositivelyfixedthat,
in terms so plain, in terms so explicit, thata way-
faring man, though a Know Nothing, may not
err therein. I belie ve that is the language of the
book. Whether that bo so ornot, I hold that the
exercise of the elective franchise for State officers
must of necessity, on original principles, belong
to the people of a State. We need not go to the
Constitution of the United States, on this point.
What right has the Constitution of the united
States to say what rule shall prevail in a county,
a State, or a locality, in the exercise of the right
of voting t.o choose a council, legislature, or gov-
ernment for a certain locality ? Thatgovernment
is either recognized by the Constitution of the
United States, or it is not recognized. If it is not
recognized, Congress cannot interfere with it. If
it is recognized, Congress can only interfere with
it so far as constitutional authorityjustifies. When
we look to the States as independent sovereign-
ties—as people formed together as a people, how
far has Congress the right to say who shall vote
and who shall not ? Not one particle of power;
and there is not a man in this body who says so.
Hence, I say, that all the labored argument made
by the Senator from Illinois was without neces-
sity, for there is not a single man who asserts that
Congress has the right to do it. I know that the
honorable Senator from Tennessee says no man
but a citizen can vote, and no foreigner can be a
citizen for voting purposes until he is naturalized
according to the law of the United States. I
differ from him in that respect; and I also differ
from the position of the honorable Senator from
Illinois. The Senator from Tennessee says that
provision of the Constitution excludes the foreign
born; and it does not meet the position of the
Senator from Tennessee for the Senator from Illi-
nois to say that that Senator denies the right of
a State to fix the elective franchise as it pleases.
I say it is a question of argument, conclusion,
investigation. The one says, that no man but a
citizen shall vote, and that no man who is foreign
born can become a citizen until he has complied
with the Constitution of the United States. The
other says, that a man may vote, if the State so
will it, whether he be a citizen or not; and I take
that position too, with this qualification: I hold
that the Congress of the United States may in-
terdict completely the reception of any foreign-
born person whatever. Congress may prohibit
importation; Congress may prohibitimmigration;
ana by the act of prohibition of importation or
immigration, it effectually prohibits the operation
of the naturalization laws.
The main purpose I had in making this expla-
nation, and stating why I shall vote to recon-
sider, was to show that I do it in conformity with
the previous action of Congress; for it would
look like an act of injustice to the people of this
Territory if we should now prescribe conditions
that have not heretofore been prescribed to the
same people. I have a further remark to make.
When I interrupted the Senator from Illinois,
and gave him the words " non-slaveholding
States," instead of "free States," and " slave-
holding" instead of "slave States," I did it for
this purpose alone: there is as much individual
freedom, there is as much personal liberty, there
is as much enjoyment of life, liberty, and the pur-
suit of happiness in the States denominated slave-
holding States as m the States called free States,
and it is a misapplication of terms to speak of
them as slave States. Non-slaveholding States
is the appropriate term. There is a class in this
community that, choose not to hold slaves. I
have no quarrel with them. If the people of the
State of Missouri did not believe it to be their
interest, as a State, and as a component part of
this Union, to do so, they would not hold them.
But they do believe that it istheirmterestforthem-
selves, for the benefit of the slaves, and for the
benefit of this Union, that they should continue
them in the condition they now occupy; and
hence she is called, in the language of the Sena-
tor from Illinois, a slave State, while Illinois is
to be called a free State. I would say, call Illi-
nois, if you please, a non-slaveholditig State, and
call Missouri a slaveholding State. Words are
signs of ideas; they are designed to convey im-
pressions; and I do not think it proper to use a
term which, to an unsophisticated person, not
acquainted with the common parlance of the coun-
try, would misconstrue the essence of the thing
signified. A free State! Every foreigner would
say, " Let me go to a free State." Every man
would say, who did not know anything at all
about the matter,'1 Let me go to a free State." I
say Missouri is free; free to the black, free to the
white, free to all—but how? Free, according to
the law of the State.
Are your sons free before they are twenty-one
years of age? Answer me if you dare. Our
slaves are not free as long as they live, and why?
Your sons are not free, because you do not think
they are fit to be trusted until they are twenty-
one years of age. You think that it is your duty
to provide for them and take care over them until
they are twenty-one. We think it is our duty to
take carfi of the blacks until even age and decrep-
itude lead them to the tomb, to smooth their path
of life, and cover them with our protection. You
think that a boy under twenty-one is not fit to be
left without protection. We know that the slave,
so long as he lives, as a class, is not fit to be left
without protection.
We do it, Mr. President, for two purposes:
for the benefit of the slave and for our individual
benefit; and if, by a governmental policy, these
two ends may be subserved, is it not our duty to
do it? Will you leave a worthless classimposed
on the community, without qualifications to pro-
tect themselves, without brains, and without in-
telligence, but with muscular power tremendous
to be exercised—will you leave them without
protection, while you protect your sons who are
minors ? There is occasional exception; once in a
while, in the course of human events, you see aboy
eighteen years of age, that you turn loose and let
go out shopping and trading and dealing in Yan-
kee notions. Once in a while you find a slave fit
to be turned loose, because he has given evidence
of intelligence, of propriety, of consistency of
conduct. We turn him loose and liberate him,
independently of your action—independently of
all this Abolition excitement. We are governed
by principle. If yourindividual exception of your
boy, who is a minor, justifies you in turning him
loose, our individual exceptions of minors, if you
choose so to call them, those who are under our
protection, our wards, who have given evidence
of capacity to take care of themselves, justify us
in turning them loose; but until they have given
this evidence you hold to your children; and until
our negroes have given it, we hold to them.
Mr. President, there isno doubt about this—and
the Senator from New York will bear me testimony
to it—that to the Caucasian race belongs the supe-
riority of intellect. When society finds itself
environed with different classes, it becomes the
duty of the controlling power of that society to
so regulate the different relations of that society
as to inure the greatest benefit to the greatest
number of all. It has been found by practice—not
simply by theory—that, in the relation to slave
and master, the strong, vigorous, powerful, far-
seeing, and far-reaching intellect of the white man
is brought in to aid, to protect, and to direct the
muscular, physical power of the black man; and
the union of the interests of the two inures to the
benefit of both. The white man directs—the black
man executes. What is executed inures to the
benefit of the master and slave.
This is the position in which the slaveholding
States find themselves situated. Now, it is not
mypurpose to say wliethertliat is right or wrong;
but it is my purpose to say that it looks a little
unkind and ungenerous to call those States who
choose to thus regulate labor, "slave States,"
and others "free States." We have as much
individual freedom to pursue a man's vocation,
according to his own will and pleasure, in Mis-
souri, as they have in Illinois. We have the
same rights of locomotion; we have the same
rights of personal protection, and personal enjoy-
ment; and why should we be branded with the
epitlietof " slave States?" I tliinlc it a little more
appropriate—I think it more expressive of the
idea intended to be conveyed—to say "the slave-
holding State of Missouri"—" the non-slavehold-
ing State of Illinois." It was in the kindest spirit
imaginable, with no design whatever to stir up
the ire or the unnecessary excitement of the
