BM
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
"Senltor from Illinois, that I suggested to him to say
slavelioWing State and non-slaveho!ding State.
But, sir, if gentlemen choose to insist on the terms
so, I say let them be insisted on. I shall stand
by terms as expressive of ideas—those ideas that
belong to States as independent sovereignties,
who choose in the exercise of their power to reg-
plate the relations of one class of people to another
■—of kbor to capital. So I will denominate them.
They are still free States, but with different rela-
tions.
The vote on the Minnesota bill I shall vote to
^'consider. If I were in the State of Minnesota
"th^t is to be, I should vote against permitting any
Ulan to vote who was not a citizen of the United
States. I hold that we have no right morally—
I speak not of the constitutional power—to confer
the right of voting on any man who does not owe
us allegiance, who does not belong to us, who is
not identified with us, who is not one o/ us; and
no foreigner who is not naturalized sustains that
relation to us. I shall vote for it in this case
because it would look like a treatment very harsh
•toward the people of thatTerritory,having organ-
ized them on a certain principle, having acted on
that principle for many years, now for us to step
in and say that that whole principle shall be
reversed.
I must say of the speech of the Senator from
Illinois that, while there is a great deal of sound
doctrine in it, there is a great deal of extremity.
When he says he does not want Cuba without
Cuba's consent, I must take occasion to dissent
from him, and say that I want Cuba as the Irish-
man said he enjoyed liberty. Says he, " By
jabers, every man does as he plaises, and if he
does not plaise, you make him." [Laughter.]
I wantCubawith the consent of Cuba; butl want
it with or without the consent of Cuba, because j
it is neccssary for our own protection and our i
own defense. We are an independent Republic;
it is our duty to protect ourselves; and it is to our '
interest to protect ourselves. With this duty and
this interest hanging over us, suppose there be a
menacing Power placed upon a certain island,
dangerous in consequence of its proximity to us,
will the Senator say, " We cannot touch it unless
the majority of the people desire it?"
Mr. DOUGLAS. I had determined that I
would not interrupt the Senator; but I must say
to liim that he has totally misconceived what I
did say. T said that so long as the people of
Cuba are willing to remain subject to Spain, and
Spain can maintain her authority over them, I do
not wish to interfere. That is what I said.
Mr. GREEN. I differ with the Senator ris-ht I
there. ° I
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am willing that the Sen- !
ator should differ. I
Mr.GRIiEN. That is just exactly the pre- >
sentation of his case that I made at the beginning. I
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir. I put in both con- j
anions. The Senator takes but one. i
Mr. GREEN. I take them both. You may j
Suppose Spain able to maintain her power, and '
suppose - a majority of the people of Cuba, or I
Sonora, or Chihuahua, or any of the States of j
Mexico, may not desire annexation to this coun- I
try. Suppose we find that it is our duty, in i
order to protect ourselves, to annex one of those i
States; I will not stop to count the cost. The !
right of self-defense is an original right that be-
longs to men; and the right of self-protection is '
an original right that belongs to Republics; and if I
we can demonstrate that this right of self-defense i
demands of us the acquisition of Cuba, whether I
with or without the consent of Cuba or the con- ■
sent of Spam, I am for it. But, sir, I would !
"'fl'n'l 11 recklessly; I uould never do it under !
a ft libustenng, money-making, scheming, stock-;
jobbing concern, I would do it alone on the prin-
ciple of self-defense and self-protection to the \
Republic and the whole people—not the South
alone I would not do it merely for the protec- :
tion of the South; I would not do it if it iere to ^
mure to the benefi t of Florida alone, to the detri- i
merit of New ork or Boston. I would do it for 1
the benefit of the whole Government, or I would '
not do it all: but when I saw the necessity for it I
I should slip from the position of the Senator'
from Illinois, who says: " Although it might be 1
very necessary, I must step and ask Mr. Sanchez 1
whether he will do it or not; and I must stop arid 1
ask the Minister from Spain whether he will do I
it or not?" I would not ask either of them. If
there was a necessity for it I would do it; but
before that necessity arose, when it was a mere
question of policy whether I would take it or not,
1 would consult them both. I would not take it
unless I had the assent of both of them, if my
desire to get it was a question of policy, and not
a question of defense or necessity. I hope I am
understood on this point. I think the Senator
from Illinois radically wrong. He has branched
out into these fillibuster questions without neces-
sity, and I choose to hold him up to public inspec-
tion to show that_ he is wrong on these points,
even upon the positions assumed by himself.
Minnesota will come into the Union as an in-
dependent State, and she will doubtless prohibit
slavery, as she ought to do. Slavery would be
unprofitable there. Slaves would die in that cli-
mate. I have not one word to say against her in
that respect. We give to her that very privilege
to select her own domestic institutions for herself;
and in the doing of that we but carry out the prin-
ciple of sovereignty to which we are all committed.
Mr. ADAMS. It is not my purpose, Mr. Pres-
ident, to enter into a general discussion of the
subject under consideration, which is the propri-
ety of reconsidering the vote by which the Senate
passed the bill of the House of Representatives,
authorizing the formation of the new State of
Minnesota. This motion is made preliminary
to, and is intended to enable the Senate to take
another step, which is the real object, and recon-
sider the vote by which the Senate made an amend-
ment to the House bill limiting the elective fran-
chise to citizens of the United States being inhab-
itants of the Territory. The discussion has taken
a very wide range. The Senator from Illinois has
discussed the subject of slavery, the question under
consideration, and also the propriety of the an-
nexation of Cuba. The Senator from Missouri,
who followed him, has taken perhaps a still wider
range. It is not my purpose to follow those Sen-
ators in the points where I differ from them. I
agree with each in some respects, and differ from
each in other respects. But I must be permitted,
before I enter on the consideration of the subject,
to call the attention of the Senate to what occurred
to me as an extraordinary position of the Senator
from Missouri.
The Senator from Illinois says he is in favor of
the acquisitionof Cuba, if it can be obtained fairly
and honorably and peaceably, and not by force;
but he will not interfere so long as the people of
that country desire to remain under the jurisdic-
tion of Spain, and Spain is able to maintain her
jurisdiction over them. The Senator from Mis-
souri dissents from that position, and says he is
in favor of the acquisition, peaceably if we can, '
forcibly if we must. That was his idea. He '
says, however, that his object is to obtain it for
self-defense; that he would take it for no other
purpose. Now, let me submit to the consider-
ation of that Senator, respectfully, that in the
course of this debate he has denounced the inter-
ference of the northern people in the institutions
of the South; and yet the very same arguments
which he uses here in favor of the acquisition of
Cuba, under the circumstances, are the arguments
upon which the Abolitionists found all their claim
to interfere with our institutions. One who lives
in the South, and entertains such sentiments,
ought never to complain of the northern people
for interfering with our institutions; for the same
principle prompts each. I do not desire Cuba,
under any circumstances. It will be a source of
weakness, whenever acquired by this country, as
was shown clearly by the former Senator from
Alabama (Mr. Clemens) on this floor; and he
has never been answered. If I desired it, it would
only bo from necessity, and not from choice.
That, however, has nothing to.do with the sub-
ject under consideration, which is: Shall the
Senate reconsider the vote on the Minnesota bill,
with a view to strike out the amendments adopted
by the Senate? The Senate, during the last ses- ,
sion of Congress, upon a similar bill authorizing :
the people of Kansas to come into the Union" I
with an organic act precisely the same as the or- !
game act of Minnesota, authorizing Kansas to fix
the qualifications of voters, struck out that very '
feature by a vote of 23 to 15, and determined that!
none but citizens of the United States, being in- '
habitants of that Territory, should vote.
6 Senator from Missouri has made a most I
excellent speech upon one side of the question,
protesting all the while that he would vote on the
other. His argument in favor of limiting the
right of suffrage to citizens of the United States,
to men who owe no allegiance to the United
States, I think, remains unanswered, and was not
anticipated by the Senator from Illinois with all
his ability; and yet he says, notwithstanding this
unanswered and unanswerable argument in favor
of the amendments, he is going to vote to reverse
them. For what reason ? He says thatalthough
the bill as it now stands is all right; although aliens
ought not to be permitted to vote in the Territo-
ries; although Congress should not give its in-
dorsement to such a principle, but should adhere
to its uniform naturalization laws, yet the organic
law authorized the Territorial Legislature to fix
the qualifications of voters; and they have fixed
them, and he says these amendments deprive
them of the right. If the Senator had not gone
away, I should have hopes of his vote yet, for I
can show him, or any other who examines the
subject, that, although the Senator from Illinois
speaks of it as unjust, it takes away no right.
Is there any law in existence authorizing aliens
in that Territory to vote for delegates to form a
State constitution ? None. This is a right they
have never had heretofore. It is a right they can-
not have without the consent of the Congress of
the United States. If Congress has the right to
say what kind of law they shall have, it has the
right to say who shall be qualified voters at the
election; so that the reason given by the Senator
from Missouri does not exist at all. It is taking
from them no right; but the argument is that you
have given certain rights to individuals, and you
must therefore give them every right. There is
no sort of philosophy in that argument. Wegive
every man, the moment he comes to this country,
certain rights and a portion of the rights of citizen-
ship, and yet not the highest right of citizenship
—that of voting. Although they have the right,
under the act of Congress and of the Territorial
Legislature, to vote for members to the Territorial
Legislature and other officers, they never had the
right to vote for delegates to form a State consti-
tution; and it stands no'v^as though they had
never exercised any right whatever on the plain,
clear, naked question of propriety and constitu-
tional right. The reason of the Senator from
Missouri forchanging his vote will notserve him
in this case; and I hope he will reflect on it and
carry out what he himself has so well said here
was the right and correct policy.
But, sir, the Senator from Illinois insists that
the position taken by the Senator from Tennessee
is wrong, and that the States have the right, and
Congress has the right, without regard to the
uniform rule of naturalization, to authorize aliens
to vote. My mind has conic to the same conclu-
sion with the Senator from Tennessee. The
.States surrendered to the Federal Government
the power to fix a uniform rule of naturalization.
Congress has exercised that power; has required
aliens when they come to this country to remain
here for five years before they shall be permitted
to be naturalized and become citizens of the Uni-
ted States. If that is wrong, change it, reduce
it, make it one year. I think it should be at
leastsixteenyears more; and this country will see,
in less than ten years from to-day, that it should
be so; but as to the question of power, does this
infringe any of the rights of the States ? If so, the
States have voluntarily surrendered it.
It is said the States have the right of authoriz-
ing negroes to vote, and have exercised it; and
the Senatorfrom Illinois relies on that as conclu-
sive. That was fully answered by the Senator
from Tennessee. I admit the States have the
right, within the limits of the Constitution, to fix
any qualification either of age, sex, or property,
for the voters within their limits; but at the same
time I contend that the States have no right, hav-
ing conferred that power upon the Congress of the
United States, to say that the citizen of Great
Britain, or any other country under the sun, shall
be eligible to vote as citizens for State officers,
and therefore allowed to vote for electors of Pres-
ident and Vice President of the United States.
The Senator from Illinois is mistaken as to the
cause of the increase of power at the North. He
says the North has a larger territory suited to
free labor than slave. If he will look to the cen-'
sus he will find that the cause is to be found in
