1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
857
the fact that a large portion of foreigners settle in
the non-slaveholding States. From 1840 to 1850,
the South would have gained five members in the
House of Representatives, in lieu of the loss of
seven, but for foreign immigration.
It is not, as the Senator from Illinois has said,
anew subject. It was discussed, and laboriously-
discussed, by the authors of the Constitution.
Suppose his position be correct, that the States
have the right to authorize aliens to vote, they
may authorize them to vote when they have been
in the .country only one day. Take the State of
New York for illustration. That State, accord-
ing to this doctrine, has the right to authorize
aliens who have been in the country one day or
*five days, to vote in the election; and the party
that could send a sufficient amount of money to
Europe to gather in the paupers and criminals of
the Old World, can control the presidential elec-
tion, and this Congress would not exclude them.
When I introduced a bill to amend the naturali-
zation laws, with one provision excluding foreign
criminals and paupers, and appealed to the Senate
if they differed with me as to everything else, to
strike out the other features and pass that, it was
spumed and treated with contempt. Congress is
not going to exclude foreign paupers and crimi-
nals. Give the States the right to allow foreigners
with a residence of one day to control your pres-
idential election, and what will be the conse-
quence ? If the States have no restriction on this
subject they can say that all the inhabitants, in-
cluding those who owe allegiance to foreign Gov-
ernments, may vote in State elections, and thereby
be qualified to vote for President and Vice Presi-
dent. It is not probable such a thing would occur;
I do not say it is impossible. In these times
everything is possible; but I introduce that to show
to what extent the doctrine now contended for will
lead. I say it is no restriction of the rights of the
States to require them to conform to citizenship
in fixing the qualification of voters. The States
have no power to say that an individual, owing
allegiance to a foreign Government, shall vote for
the formation of a State constitution, or vote in
any election whatever. It is an actof the highest
sovereignty known to^eemen, and can only be
exercised oy a citizen iir-my humble judgment. I
think the case turns on that question, together
with the further idea that we have fixed this quali-
fication.
There is one idea to which I wish to call the
attention of the Senate, particularly of Senators
on the other side of the House. It was stated by
the Senator from Illinois that if the amendment
was adopted, it was equivalent to a defeat of the
bill. I differ with that Senator. If I am correctly
informed, the way it happened to pass the House of
Representatives m the shape in which it was pre-
sented here, was because it passed without notice.
The moment they noticed it in the Oregon bill
which came up immediately afterwards, the other
House changed that provision as we have changed
the provision of this bill, and if we send it back,
I presume they will adopt the amendment without
hesitancy. Ask the Senator from Illinois now,
and I have no doubt he would tell you he would
rather the bill should be defeated than go back
limiting the elective franchise to citizens of the
United States.
It is said to be hard on the men who went there
under the laws which authorized them to vote in
other elections, to cxclude them from voting in
this election. We are told that they are virtuous,
remarkably virtuous, intelligent, and good. I
have not intimated to the contrary, nor has any
Senator on this floor. Our Government is unlike
any other Government under the sun; and we
know that if we talk with intelligentand patriotic
and honest foreigners who come here, we find
that there are but few of them who are capable
properly of appreciating our institutions and ex-
ercising the elective franchise until they have
been here live or more years; and we must legis-
late for classes, not for individuals. If it does
operate a little hard on men who have gone there,
they certainly enjoy more rights in being per-
mitted in five years to vote, than they ever enjoyed
in the country from which they came. If they
had lived there to be as old as the Norwegian
rats, none of them would have been entitled to
vote at all. They never voted before coming to
this country; so that it is no hardship at all to
them.
Whether Minnesota be a slave State or a free
State, it is a matter with which I have nothing
to do. I would never inquire whether a State
was a free or a slaveholding State, or likely to be
one or the other. J agree with the Senator from
Illinois to the full extent as to the rights of the
people; but when I speak of the people of a Ter-
ritory, I mean citizcns of the United States, being
inhabitants of the Territory. That is the differ-
ence between him and me.
It is not my purpose to protract this debate.
I regret that it came up. We had a vote at the
last session which I supposed settled the prin-
ciple of the Government for the future. We had
a vote at this s^sion on it, and by a majority of
three agreed to that principle. If Senators intend
to change their votes—and they can give no better
reason than the Senator from Missouri gave—I
respectfully submit that it amounts to no reason
at all. If Senators are convinccd that they have
been in error, they will change their votes with
good reason, or without any reason. I have
heard none given which seems to me calculated '
to change the mind of any one. If this principle
was right at the last session, it is right at this
session. If it was right the other day when we
had a vote on it, it is right to-day. Circumstances
have not changed; principles have not changed;
men may change every day.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I know, sir,
that generally, when a member wishes to make a
personal explanation, or define his position in pol-
itics, it is an indication that something is wrong;
but having stood in the position of being the only
Senator who voted against this bill the other day,
I thought some remarks were necessary in vindi-
cation of my opinions and the position on which
I intended to stand, and by which I believe my
State would stand. If she does not stand by it,
I do not know that it is a grievous thing for a
man to die politically; but if it is, I think I can
go out with as much resignation as any man who
ever was in the Senate. The drift of my argu-
ment was, that under the Constitution and the
treatyforthe purchase of Louisiana, guarantying
all the immunities and rights that belong to the
citizens of the United States—slavery then being
a municipal institution in Louisiana—we became
liable to protect it in all the ceded territory; and
that, as a question of geography, the territory
extended up to the head waters of the Missis-
sippi, beyond the western end of Lake Superior.
I hold that m all that region, while in a territorial
condition, a man had a right to go with a negro
and hold him, and I was willing to submit that
question to the palladium of slavery, as it is called,
which sits below us.
I have nothing to say as to the question of the
right of the States to fix the qualifications of
voters. The first discussion I ever heard of any
value in the Senate was some years ago, upon a
case arising from Illinois, in reference to votes
given byunnaturalizedforeigners who were work-
ing upon some canal or railroad. It was a dis- j
cussion between Silas Wright and Henry Clay, :
just after the Harrison election. Ifany man wants ;
my opinion upon that subject, he can turn to that
debate and read it.
When States are admitted into the Union, they
have the right to regulate slavery as they please,
just as they have the right to regulate the rela-
tion of parent and child, husband and wife,
guardian and ward. When wc acquired Louisi-
ana slaves were property there. That was a
municipal regulation; and it still continues, and
will continue, until you admit those Territories
as States, just as by the action of the Federal
Government of Mexico, when you went beyond
where Calhoun wanted you to go, and where
you will see he wanted to stop, if you will turn
to his correspondence with Donelson, that terri-
tory came in as free territory, because they had
so made it, and so announced it.
I have no complaint to make of the Senator
from Illinois for putting up arguments for me,
and knocking them down as you would a man
of straw. At this late day of the session I do not
wish to get up any dispute with him; but, stand- !
ing by myself, I wish to vindicate my opinions, j
The Senator from Illinois says, States have j
been admitted when they had not enough voters, !
and we may refuse to admit them when they have i
not enough voters. Minnesota has not asked to i
come in as a State, It might, like other States, 1
hate presented itself, and knocked at tire door
without an invitation. I do not wish to bring
them in before they are willing to -come,- and I
do not wish to get them here to vote. I do not
like the idea of making my speech a springs-
board from which tojump off half a dozen others*
but it is not worth while to talk aboot it now.
I do not wish to say anything more about New
York. I have said enough of her. She is a great
State, and I have an admiration for her Senator,
[Mr. Seward,] for his talents, his ability, and
his character. I have nothing at all to say about
the popular sentiment enabling him to have New
England in one pocket and Ohio in the other, with
New York stretching out her Briarean arms all
over the sea and all over the land, commanding the
commerce and concentrating the trade of the coun-
try. That is all right; I take pride and pleasure in
it, as far as it goes; and if we must have a Free-Soil
President, I believe I would rather trust him than
anybody I know. But, sir, while that is going
on, I do not wish to aid in getting up a quarrel
of this kind between the Free-Soil party and the
Democratic party. In the discussion upon the
President's message, they ignored the existence
of such a thing as the old Whig party, ldo not
believe they even dreamed of it,. The American
party waspretermitted. They gotup an individ-
ual fight between themselves; and now they will
reconsider this vote just before the new President
is to be inaugurated; and docs not every man who
is not blind see that, for the next four years, there
is to be a game for the German and Irish vote,
and Michael and Hans are to have a glorious and
gorgeous time? Sir, let kings and monarchs rule
us, but do not let the paupers and vagabonds of
Europe come here, as if they were titled lungs,
lords, and dukes, to govern us. They will recon-
sider this vote, and there will be a dead hunt as
between these two great contending factions, each
trying to catch the foreign vote. As far as an
administration de bonis non upon the Whig party
or the American party is concerned, I hope they
will hold a balance of power, like a big preeinet
in a county, and throw things oneway or the other
according to circumstances. They say I3uchanan
was a Federalist; and 1 hope that now in his old
days, when he has nothing further to get, he will
come back to his mother's teachings, like most
old men who want to build a church or a monu-
ment—I will not say to atone for their crimes;
that would be improper—but I want to see his
inaugural. He cannot last more than four years;
in fact no man can last more than four years now.
As theSenatorfrom Texas [Mr. Rusk] once said,
"The dispensing of patronage would kill any Pres-
ident." I told the Know Nothings last winter,
when they talked about Fillmore, anybody will
run better than Fillmore; he has been President
once, and everybody knows what his committals
arc, what his promises are, to whom he has given
and refused office, and to whom it will go. You
had better inn a blank. I do not say that the
Democratic party ever ran a blank, but they pick
up a man about whom you do not know enough
to do anything with him.
As I have said, I presume this vote will be re-
considered, and there will be a dead hunt between
the Democrats and Free-Soilers,like loving, am-
orous young gentlemen courting the Dutchmen
and Irishmen. I make this prediction even before
the President is inaugurated. Like a nuncio going
forward to proclaim war, thoy set out by cajoling
the people of Minnesota. We are told they are
very fine people. All this is for Minnesota. You
will not have Kansas stuck on. You will not get
up a Kansas bill. I am verv sorrv that we ever
divided Oregon, and made out of part of it Wash-
ington Territory. I am very sorry that we ever
made the States of Iowa and Wisconsin. I wish
Kansas was annexed to Missouri.
. Mr. WILSON. And Kentucky annexed to
Virginia ?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. No, sir,
But I would have Nebraska and two ortbree other
of these Territories annexed to Wisconsin or
Iowa, as they will go in that way. I suppose the
next thing will be to do something to promote the
immigration of Mormons. My friend from Illinois
says I am an old bachelor and the country will
increase in spite of me. That is very true; but
until very recently he had a sort of quasi bache-
lorship himself. lamnoMormon. I am willing
to have the country increase naturally; butl want
