1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85a
It recognizes the great general principle, that
before the foreigner who cornea here shall ex-
ercise the right of citizenship or become a citizen,
he shall remain a reasonable length of time in
order to acquire a knowledge of your institutions,
of their workings, and to give evidence to you
that he has an intention of permanent residence,
and has the permanent welfare of the country at
heart. Five years is sufficient for that purpose;
but if the principle involved in this question of
reconsideration be true, your naturalization laws
are nil wrong. Why do not gentlemen propose
at oncc to repeal the naturalization laws, and give
a man the rights of citizenship at the lapse of one
year, or at the lapse of one month, if you please,
after he comes into the country? You might just
as well do it as do this. You are giving him the
first and best right that grows out of citizenship
when you give him the right, as one of the sov-
ereigns of the country, to form the institutions
of the country; and we have as deep an interest
in the old States as you can have in the Territo-
ries. We have a common interest, if we hope to
gee this Union prolonged, that the institutions
which may be adopted in these different Territo-
ries shall be of a homogeneous character with
those of the States from which the mass of the
people come.
Sir, I have gone further than 1 intended. The
idea is one that, if I had strength enough now to
proceed with my remarks, t should like to develop
still further. I consider the principle of immense
inipoitance, and I should be exceedingly pamed
to find that the Senate of the United States adopt
so erroneous a principle as that of rejecting the
amendment offered by the Senator from North
Carolina.
Mr BUTLER. I agree with my friend from
Delaware in all his views; and if the Senate shall
come to the conclusion to reconsider this vote
with a view of admitting Minnesota into the
Union by a process, and by a species of suffrage
heretofore unknown, in my opinion,unrecognized
in more than eight tenths of the States of this
Union, it will be a precedent of momentous im-
port. i do not exactly agree with my friend from
Kentucky, but I think he has gone very far to
present in a few words the idea which 1 entertain
on this subject. He has personified these new j
States as benjamin who, m the morning, raved i
as at a wolf, and in the evening, divided the spoils.
It is the case with all powerful communities, and j
it is power dictating to us now, and not right. ;
I have never contended, sir, nor shall I contend
now, that any State shall exclude by its legisla-
tion the right of any one to vote whom it may
think proper to adopt in the bosom of its com-
munity. But so long as I stand here, and have
power, I will not delegate the right to any but
such as I think a safe portion of the community,
to admit a State into this Union. A Territory
has no flag but the flag of the Confederacy—the
stars and stripes—but every State has its own
flag, and it is the mark of its sovereignty. I will
never commit a flag to the hands of any commu-
nity that I have the power to make without say-
ing to them, " You shall come in by the process
heretofore observed, and by that process recog-
nized by the laws and Constitution of the coun-
try."
Suppose that in this community of which we
are now speaking, Minnesota, there were not any
persons but foreigners who had simply made a
declaration that they would become citizens, and
after we admitted them they should to-morrow
take part in a war with Great Britain, or a war
with France, or with Germany, it would not be
treason in them; they would have a right to take
such part, and you could not punish them, and
you dare not use the sword of the Federal Gov-
ernment, or any other portion of your power, to
put them down. I do not say that such would
be the case. I think Minnesota ought to have
been perfectly satisfied with what we have said
to them: we invito you into the Union; we allow
you to come into the Union provided you come
as other States have done, and provided you
come by the invitation of those who constitute
the largest portion of this Confederacy.
Sir, are the Atlantic States, or the old States of
this Union, to be merely ahive to send out swarms
simply to suck the honey of their mother; or arc
they/like Leah's children, to receive all the boun-
ties bestowed upon them, and turn round and
expose their mother or their father to the swarms
without gratitude or regard ? I think they ought
to be content.
T know, sir, that this Confederacy is to run its
course. I believe it will tread the path and run
the hazards of all Republics; and I believe we
cannot restrain it, and in my opinion it is not
worth while to attempt to restrain it. Let it run.
If a State attempts to go out of this Union, you
are willing to use the sword to put it down; and
yet you are perfectly willing to admit one into
the Union that may become your adversary to-
morrow; and the very mother that bore you is to
be punished because she undertakes to confine
you within the sphere of the Constitution.
When I award a flag to a Commonwealth, I
shall award that flag to a Commonwealth under
such auspices as will enable me to give confidence
to those who will use it in the name of the com-
mon Confederacy or the Constitution. I am not
one of those who "know nothing;" but I say
here that the two great pillars of the altar of the
Constitution are free thought and free conscience.
I agree to them. I would not invade them. I would
not pull one of them down; but I think you are
venturing very far, gentlemen, in making up the
record of history.
I have no doubt that this vote will be reconsid-
ered, and that it is a foregone conclusion. This
may be, and I think it will be, a Commonwealth
quite as good as some of the old ones, in which
fanaticism is burning to the very bitter ashes of
disappointment. I am sorry to say it; for I believe
if I were to utter one sentiment more than an-
other, it is that the time will come when the old
Atlantic States—the old thirteen—will find that
they have committed the greatest mistake they
ever committed in life in allowing miserable issues
to separate them. I believe, sir, that the time will
come when those men who are now contending
with almost an internecine spirit, one against the
other, will find that they have committed suicide.
But, sir, that is looking into the future; and
when the curtain of the future is thrown before
me, I have no right to look beyond it; I cannot
look beyond it. You are voting for this measure,
not. because your States recognize it as a princi-
ple, but because you think it gives you power.
That is the truth of it; and it does give you
power. I vote for it on the ground that 1 cannot
resist it. I differ with my friend from Kentucky.
I have no right to resist the admission of a new
State. I have always had my doubts whether
the admission of new States into this Confederacy
would perpetuate the Union, or was an element
to dissolve it. I have had very great doubts on
this subject. T know that all the new States are
nothing but conduits of the children of the old
States, and my children go there. If they take
the part of Benjamin, and' rave as the wolf in the
morning, and divide the spoil m the evening, they
must take their share; but in taking their share,
let it be understood that they shall not do it
against the precepts of their parents. I shall not
consent to the reconsideration of this matter,
though I have no hope that I shall prevail.
Mr. PUGH. I do not intend to prolong the
discussion; but I wish to correct the Senator from
South Carolina, and several other Senators, m
what I think is a very essential mistake of fact.
He alleges, if I understand him, that this is the
first instance in which the act authorizing a Ter-
ritory to form a constitution and State govern-
ment has admitted alien suffrage. Sir, I can find \
but two examples to the contrary in the whole \
history of all the States that have been admitted; j
and those two are Iowa and Wisconsin. So far ;
as I have been able to examine the statutes, every j
other State, without exception, came m with it. j
Mr. BUTLER. Did Alabama come in m that!
way ?
Mr. PUGH. Yes sir, with alien suffrage; and
I will show it to the Senator. The ordinance of j
1787 expressly allowed it. It required a property I
qualification both for citizens and aliens. After |
requiring that citizens should have resided a cer- j
tain period of time, it went on to say that other ,
persons having a certain residence, and certain i
property qualifications, should be allowed to vote j
for members of the Territorial Legislature. That '•
was the ordinance of 1787. Under it, the law
authorizing Ohio to be admitted provided that the
qualification of suffrage for the election of mem- !
bers of the convention should be the same as for i
members of the Territorial Legislature. So in
Indiana; so in Illinois. The ordinance of 1787,
except the anti-slavery clause, was extended over
Tennessee, and Tennessee came in with it.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Will the honor-
able Senator allow we to ask him whether, in
1787, there was any question about aliens? Were
not all inhabitants then regarded as citizens?
Mr. PUGH. I do not know whether there was
any question; but it was allowed.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The question was
not made, I think, until the case of Michigan.
Mr. BUTLER. Never.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan perhaps can correct me, but
I think I recollect many of the circumstances,
under which the question came up then. It was
under the very influences I alluded to on Satur-
day. It was a contest between parties for ascend-
ency, and so it was afterwards in Illinois so long
as alien suffrage prevailed there. It was allowed
in order to give the Democratic party the ascend-
ency. Never before was any question made, that
I know of, or recollect.
Mr. PUGH. I agree with the Senator that the
question was not made; and what I object to is
the making of it now.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. In 1787 all were
regarded as citizens, and so they were until we
made the Constitution and prescribed a uniform
rule of naturalization.
Mr. PUGH. Let us see what the ordinance
of 1787 says:
u Provided, That no person he eligible or qualified to .act aa
a repiesentative unless lie shall have been a citizen of one
of the United States three years, and be a resident in the
district, or mil'-'- lie shall have resided in the district three
yeai - : and in either case iiO shall likewise hold in hi- own
rijrht, in lee simple, two hundred acres of land witlmi the
same: I'ion<jai. o-l-.o. That a fieehold of fll'tv acres of land
m the district, having been a citizen of one of the g-tates,
and be-n" a i evident in the district, or the like freehold and
two veau' lesidence m the distnet, shall be necessary to
qualify a man as an elector of a representative."
If that is not alien suffrage, I confess myself
unable to understand the English language. He
may be a citizen of the United States or not; and
in either case the property qualification is super-
added and a certain residence required—less res-
idence for a citizen than an alien. That is the
ordinance of 1787, which I say was extended over
Tennessee while she was a Territory; and when
she formed her constitution and applied for ad-
mission it was formed by the qualified electors
mentioned in that ordinance.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I ask the honor-
able Senator again, if, up to the time when the
uniform rule of naturalization was passed by Con-
gress under the Constitution, aliens were admitted
or not at pleasure ?
Mr. PUGH. There was a uniform rule of
naturalization at the time the act constituting the
territorial government of Tennessee was passed.
There was an express distinction.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. There was no no-
tice taken of it. It was a mere extension of the
provisions of the ordinance, with nothing ex-
cepted but a single clause.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator is right in saying
there was no question about it; but it is my pur-
pose to show that the question has been raised
of late years. Tennessee came in with it. The
same ordinance of 1787, with the exception of
the anti-slavery clause, was extended over Louis-
iana, and she came in with it. It was extended
over Mississippi and Alabama, and they came in
with it. It was extended over Arkansas and
Missouri; and the famous Missouri compromise
of 1820 expressly admits alien suffiage. I have
it here. Here is the third section of the act of
1820, to authorize the people of Missouri to form
o constitution and State government:
That all free white male citizens of the United States,
who shall have airived at the age of twen:y-one years, and
have lesidedin said Teintorv thiee months previous to tile
day of election, and a'l other persons qualified to vote for
repiesentatires to the General Assembly, shall be qualified
to be elected, and they ai c hereby qualified and authorized
to vote to choose representatives to form a convention,
who shall be apportioned among the several counties as
follows "
Who are authorized to vote ? All persons who,
under the ordinance of 1787, could vote. That
| was the only territorial law you had. Yourwhole
territorial legislation was in applying the general
j principles of the ordinance of 1787, excepting the
1 anti-slavery clause, to all excopt certain Teri'ito-
