1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sm
■word " the" to strike out" people of "and insert
"citizens residing in."
Mr. HALE. That is the amendment on which
I voted with the majority.
Mr. BIGGS. The principle involved in this
amendment is precisely the same as in the other;
and I am not willing to permit this amendment to
be reconsidered and be stricken out of the bill
without being heard. I have refrained entirely
in the discussion that has taken place in the
Senate to-day from saying anything. It will be
recollected by the Senate that when this bill was
under consideration on Saturday*, a very strong
appeal was made to the Senate by the Senator
from Illinois to refrain from discussing the ques-
tion. "Let us have a vote upon it," said he.
A vote was had upon it; the expression of the
Senate was given distinctly; and now we are met
with a motion to reconsider the bill, and then to
reconsider this amendment for the purpose of
striking it out. I refrained then upon that appeal;
but I will not refrain now, after the example which
has been set by the Senator from Illinois,and those
who have been in favor of striking out tltis amend-
ment, from a discussion of it, although we are at
this advanced period of the session. I will not
refrain from expressing my opposition, decided
as it is, to the course now being pursued. I will
not refrain from expressing my utter astonish-
ment at the course pursued by some gentlemen
on this floor 011 this question.
We are told to-day by the Senator from Mis-
souri, that although he advocated the propriety of
this amendment, he would vote for a reconsider-
ation, and then vote to strike out the amendment.
Why? Have principles changed? Have circum-
stances changed ? Or what has produced this re-
sult ? What has been the change produced in the
Senate in regard to this measure ? I ask what
has produced the change ? Sir, the principle in-
volved in this amendment is an important one—
one that I consider strikes at the perpetuity of the
very institutions under which wc live.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator give mo half
a minute ?
Mr. BIGGS. Certainly.
Mr. GREEN. I only desire to remark that I
thought I had stated the reason why, although I
thought as an abstract question nobody but citi-
zens ought to vote, yet under the particular cir-
cumstances of the case I would vote to permit
those who had taken the declaratory oath to ex-
ercise the right of suffrage. 1 thought I had
stated that sufficiently; but if the honorable Sen-
ator from North Carolina did not understand me,
I will tell him the reason. I do not know whether
it will be satisfactory to him or not. It was this:
that the law of Congress had given them that
right; had fixed the elective franchise in a certain
way; and now it would look like taking advantage
of them, and setting a gull-trap to catch them,
if we fixed a different one. That is the only
reason.
* Mr. EIGG3 I understood the position that
was assumed by the Senator from Missouri dis-
tinctly. It was the very same position that he
takes now. It is an insufficient reason, in my
humble judgment.
I was about to remark, when I was interrupted
by the Senator, that I wished to inquire of the
Senate and the country, whether or not this coun-
try is to be controlled—is to be governed by the
influence of the foreign vote? Sir, I protest against
such an influence controlling this country. I say,
with the Senator from Soutii Carolina, I am 110
enemy to the foreigner. I have no sympathy at
all with the Know Nothing organization, which
seeks to deprive a foreigner of tW privileges guar-
antied to him by our Constitution and our laws.
I have been his advocate on all occasions. I say
that when he becomes naturalized it is not only
the right of the naturalized citizen, but it is the
true policy of the couiftry to incorporate him with
the native citizens, and enable him to participate
in the elective franchise, and in the government
of the country; but until he becomes naturalized
according to our policy, I ask whether or not it
is right to admit him to these privileges ?
Something has been said about the harshness
of this measure. Harshness to whom Is this
the country of the foreigner unnaturalized? I
understand it to be the country of Americans; an
American citizen's country. That is what I un-
derstand to be the position we occupy. AVe open
our doors wide (I am in favsr of that policy, I |
have always been an advocate of it) as an asylum I
for the oppressed of all nations. I3ut, sir, when I
he comes here, let him conform to our laws; let j
him becomo incorporated by residence for a suf-
ficient length of time to understand our institu-
tions, and that has been wisely fixed by our
ancestors at a period of five years. Iam opposed
to a change of the period of naturalization. I
think it is about right; but until the foreigner
does attain that position in the country—until
he does remain here for that period of time, I
say he ought not to exercise the privilege of an
American citizen to control the institutions of the
country, and to determine upon the organic laws
of the country. He has 110 such right, and it
ought not to be permitted for one moment by the
native and naturalized citizens of the United States
that any man coming from a foreign country,
without conforming to our laws, shall participate
in directing the destinies of this country.
Reference has been made in this discussion, by
the Senator from Illinois, to the election law of
Minnesota. That law provides that a foreigner
shall be here two years; and he says that is an
amply sufficient residence. The principle involved
in this bill i^ either the five years' residence, or
none at all; because, if it be true that any other
persons than citizens should be entitled to the
elective franchise in molding the institutions of
the country under which we live and the organic
law of a State, it seems to me that, when you
adopt a different rule, you have no distinction I
between a man who has just come into the coun- j
try and one who has remained for the five years j
fixed by the naturalization laws. j
But, sir, T desire to call the attention of the |
Senate to what appears now in this very Con- ;
gress. What has taken place, and what is about 1
to take placc, in this very Congress, in regard to !
this important question? It is admitted by the j
Senator from Ohio that the more recent laws wc 1
have passed on this subject for Wisconsin and
Iowa have given th© elective franchise only to
citizens of the United States. Is that all? No,
sir. At the first session of this very Congress
thi only proposition we had to authorize the
people of a Territory to form a State constitution
was that of Kansas; and in that case, by a delib- I
erate vote, the principle was recognized that the 1
elective franchise should be confined to citizcns
of the United States. We have now before us a
bill from the other House for the admission of
another State into this Union—the Slate of Ore-
gon; and in that bill is the very provision of the
present amendment which is sought to bo stricken
out.
The Senator from Missouri, and the Senator
from Illinois, in regard to this matter, say that if
by a territorial bill you authorize these persons
to vote, it is a sort of trap to get them into aTer-,
ritory; and then when you are going to form a :
.State constitution, if you exclude thein, it is a j
harsh measure, unfair, and unjust. The very j
same provision is in the Oregon bill. The teiri-
torial bill for Oregon gives naturalized citizens the ]
right to vote. Are you going to strike that out j
of the Oregon bill? I should like to know on this :
occasion whether any one of the Senators here j
now is prepared, when the Oregon bill eonies up j
for discussion and action, to strike out that pro- j
vision? If not, how do we stand as far as the 1
action of this Congress is concerned > We have j
had three bills before us for the admission of new i
States into the Union; one for Kansas, one for ,
Minnesota, and one for Oregon. In the Kansas
bill we confined the elective franchise to citizens
of the United States. In the Oregon bill we con-
lined it to citizens of the United States. In the
Minnesota bill v;e permit alien foreigners to vote. \
The Senator from Illinois says a great deal
aboutthe uniformity of the qualifications of voters i
in the States. I do not know whether he alluded
to what I said the other day in regard to the uni- •
formity of legislation; but if we are to have uni- |
formity in legislation, I say that we ought to put ,
this amendmenton this bill, or we ought to reverse ,
the decision we have heretofore made by the action 1
of the present Congress 111 i4%ard to the Kansas ;
bill.
But, sir, much has been satd by the Senator from j
Illinois about the equality of the States. In all 1
that he said about State equality and State rights j
'! I concur; but this is not a question in regaid to
the equality of the States. It, is begging the
question when gentlemen say that that principle
is involved in the present discussion. It -is not
true. What are we called upon to do ? Have we
any power to do this? Where do we get the
power under the Constitution? From what clause
of the Constitution? From the clause that Con-
fressmay admit new States into the Union. Then
ave we any power except to admit? I do not
suppose it will be denied that we have the power
to pass this oill. There is no doubt about that.
In passing this bill do we exercise our own judg-
ment as to the qualification of voters, or the judg-
ment of the people of the Territory? That is the
point. Then for gentlemen to tell me that because
there are certain individuals in the Territory now
permitted to vote for the Territorial Legislature,
we will therefore permit them to vote in regard to
the formation of a State constitution, seems to me
to be a totally inconsistent position; it is a posi-
tion thatis not tenable at all. We have the power
to prescribe the qualifications for voters under
that clause of the Constitution which authorizes
us to admit new States. When we go to prescribe
qualifications, I ask if it is not our solemn duty
to prescribe those qualifications that we believe
ought to control in the election for the purpose of
forming a State constitution ? l&BO, where is the
forco of the argument that, bedause eight years
ago we permitted the people of the Territory and
tlie alien residents of the Territory to vote for a
Territorial Legislature, we should therefore ad- -
mit these aliens to form the organic law of the
Territory.
An important question may arise in this very
convention to form a Slate constitution in Minne-
sota. If the preponderating influence in that con-
vention is to permit foreigner^g|o vote in their
State election, and consequently'for members of
Congress and for President of the United States,
they may form a constitution that may admit a
man to vote who has just come to this country,
and who has not resided here more than five days.
But if the qualifications of voters for representa-
tives to the convention are restricted to citizens
of the United States, the presumption is that you
will have a body of men composed of that kind
of mriterial who will restrict the voting in the
State elections to citizens of the United States.
The Senator from Ohio has ventured to say that
this is entirely a new question just started, and
that all the former legislation on the subject, he
finds, according to his construction of it,author-
ized aliens to vote. I am not going to discuss,
minutely and in detail, the various acts of Con-
gress on this subject, but I disagree toto ccelo with,
the Senator from Ohio. I insist upon it, that by
a fair construction no one act tha' has been
passed by the Congress of the United States, au-
thorizing the people of a Territory to form a State
constitution preparatory to their admission into
the Union, is there authority for any persons to
i vote except citizens of the United States. The,
cases to which he refers, of Wisconsin and Iowa,
are stronger in their language than others; but
those to which he alludes preceding the cases of
Iowa and Wisconsin, I say, according to a fair
and legal construction of those ac's, confined the
right of voting to citizens of the United States.
I regret very much, Mr. President, that it has
become very necessary for me to say anythingin
regard to this matter. I could not say less tfen
I have done. I moved this amendment with a
decided conviction 011 my mind of the importance
of the principle involved—of its being entirely
; sound, so far as the interests of the country ara
; concerned, to say nothing of the mooted ques-
| tions in regard to Stale rights, and tho rights of
| citizens to form their own constitutions,and jwe-
: scribe the qualifications of voters—having nothing
' at ail to do with that question, becausPTt seems
to me entirely beside the present question here.
I h.-.ve thought it necessary and proper to intro-
duce this amendment, because I hold that a high,
public duty demands that whenever any persons,
by the voice of tho Congress of the United States,
shall be permitted to participate in molding the
institutions under which they live, they must be
either native or naturalized citizens. If tnis prin-
ciple be departed from, and if, from the influence
of a foreign vote in this country to control elec-
tions—to change the political aspect of a State-
to send to the United States Senate Abolition Sen-
ators, or Democratic Senators, or Know Nothing
