sm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 24,
Senators—if the Senate was to be controlled, and
the action of Congress to be controlled by an in-
fluence of this kind, X thought it was time that
the people of the country should know it; and it
was time for us to wake up to understand our
rights.
Sir, I consider this subject far above all your
political calculations as to the predominance of
parties. I consider this question far above all
your calculations of the chances of whether this,
or that, or the other party is to come into power.
I insist upon it that when any Senator here enter-
tains the opinion that this principle is sound, and
ought to obtain, it is not a sufficient excuse, in
my judgment, to say that, because theTerritorial
Legislature gave other rights to other persons m
the Territory, therefore we will give the same
rights m the formation of the organic law of a
State,
I have come to very nearly the same result as
the honorable Senator from South Carolina. It
ia indicated, by the vote taken in regard to the
reconsideration of the bill, that it is a foregone con -
elusion that this Minnesota bill is to pass without
the amendments which I moved on Saturday, and
which, by a decisive vote, were then adopted.
Although some who voted lor the reconsideration
will not vote agltinst the amendments, the indica-
tions are very clear to my mind that the bill is to
pass Without the.se amendments. Much has been
said here about injustice. If po, Will you do grows
injustice to the State of Oregon by d<pri\ing a
portion of her citizens of this elective franchise ?
We shall see that when Ihe Oregon bill conies up.
I wish to let you know in time—1 wish to notily
the Senate in time, that by voting down these
amendments you are bound, if you have any con-
sistency of coneiJfK, and any uniformity in*legis-
lation, to amcmFthc Oregon bill, and slnke out
that provision in regaul to citizens of the United
States voting. Arc you prepared for that ?
Kears aie entertained, it said, that if those
amendments be not voted out, and the lull passed
without amendments, the House of Representa-
tives cannot concur in it, and tin jvfore Minne-
sota wdl he postponed for twelve months longer.
That is an argument used on this Moor to induce
us to retrace our steps on this important princi-
ple, and vole down these amendments, and "vote
for the bill 111 the shape in which it. came to u:i
from the House of Representatives. Recollect,
gir, that amendments have already been put in
the Oregon bill. If the same reason operates in
regard to that, will you do Oregon the injustice of
sending that hill Lack to the House of Repre-
sentatives and not permit it to pass ? if that be a
BUilicient reason m the mind of any Senator here,
why he .should vote agaim-uhis amendment, it is
a very unsatisfactory one, according to my con-
ception. Why not strike out youi amendment
to the Oregon bill, and pass thnt ]ust in the shape
in which it came from the House of Represent-
atives ? In doing t his, recollect that you are guilty
of the gross inconsistency of requiring one qual-
ification for voters in one of those States, and
another in another. Will you doit? Are you
prepared for it? If a majority of the Senate are
prepared for it, I am not; and I say here, sir, that j
with my convictions of the importance of the j
jrrinciplo involved in this bill, t would not vote 1
for the admission of any State, although I am ■
def^dedly m favor of the admission of Minnesota
into the Union, with mic.h h provision in the bill.
I have no such feeling, an gentlemen may sup-
pose, because Minnesota is a northern State and
a non-slaveholdmg State, for I am prepared to
vote for it ai though it be a non-slaveholdmg State.
Gentlemen may suppose there is some feeimgof
that kind; I dwavow it entirely. I am prepared
to vote i:, although it may be a non-slave-
holding Sl<-<tc, and although thereby it entirely
des'roys all eqiHibrnim between the North and
the South. I am governed by no such consider-
ation as that: yet I do avow here, that if this
amendment be voted down, I cannot, I will not,
with mv convictions of duty, vote for the. bill.
The FXIESIDIInCt OKF1CKR, (Mr. Weller
in the chair.) The question is on the motion to
reconsider fhe vote on the amendment.
Mo. PRATT called for the yeas and nays-, and
they were ordered.
Mr. BROWN. I have no expectation of re-
versing the judgment which the Senate has already
rendered. I consider by carrying the vote to
reconsider this bill, the edict has gone forth that
foreigners in this Territory are to be allowed to
vote in forming the State government. I take it for
granted that we are to reconsider this vote, and
finally come back to the passage of the bill and
pass it, allowing all foreigners in the Territory to
vote in the formation of the constitution. But be-
fore that is done I desire, and mean, to enter my
solemn protest against this whole proceeding from
one end to the other.
Sir, this is not the first time that I have ob-
served this proceeding. When the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill was under consideration, the first vote
in the Senate denied to foreigners the right of
suffrage m those Territories. The bill went to
the House of Representatives, and they disagreed
with us. It was sent back here, and we were told
that there was some great overruling necessity—
that under the necessity of the case we must give
in, or the bill would be lost. For one, I refused to
yield. I was one who to the bitter end stood out
against that proposition; and if during the four
winters I havo served in the Senate, there is any
one vote of which 1 feel especially and particu-
larly proud, it is thnt one.
The question has been here in other forms.
Two days ago we were called upon so vote upon
the same proposition in reference to Minnesota.
The Senate, exercising its uninfluenced and un-
( biased judgment, determined that no one should
| vote in the formation of a Slate constitution for
| Minnesota who was not an American citizen.
I My a calm and deliberate vote, after discussion,
i that was the determination of the American Sen-
• ate. It was as the determination of the Senate,
j-m my judgment, will always be, when umnflu-
] enced by pressure from other quarters. But two
j days have passed away, and we have witnessed
I this morning the rcmaikdble exhibition of a re-
! version of that vole by almost two to one—not
i under the pretense that was brought to bear upon
I us in the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill,
! that there was some powerful, overruling neces-
sity for i f; for no stirh pica is putin now. There
. is no jnvtense th.it this bill is to be lost, or that
, any great injm y to the country is to he done if it
be lost, unless the amendment be rejected. Pelib-
eiately and without evuso. the judgment of the
Senate has been re\ei scd. Why, H would not be
decorous towards tins august body to say; butlet
me warn Senators that, in my feeble judgment, if
foreign influence lukeq possession °f the Amer-
ican Senate, the American people will rise up and
rebuke it. It may take possession of other de-
partments of the Government, but the Senate has
been regarded in the country as the citadel of
American iiheity — as the bulwaik that was to
stand for the protection of American lights. If
this body gives way under this sort of pressure,
I mil you the American people will take thismatter
m hand, and they will set it right. What lias
occurred within ihe last forty-ei^ht hours to
produce this wondrous change in the judgment of
this body? How does itcome that apiuposition
carried two days ago by a respectable majority,
is reversed to-day by a vote of almost two to
one. My fiiend from Texas [Mr. Rusk] has
given us the reason why he changed his mind;
and there must have been a great many changes
elsewhere; else the result before us would not
have existed. Is it foreign influence 
Air. RUSK. I have not changed my mind at
; all.
! Mr. BROWN. The Senator indicated a pur-
; pose to change.
Mr. RUSK. No; I expressly said I would not
j change my vote,
I Mr. BROWN. I am glad to find my friend
! right.
! Mr. RUSK. I said this distinctly—that the
! peculiar fucnds of the bill seemed desirous of a
i reconsideration for the purpose of having another
I trial on what they regarded as an important
! amendment. I said that, as a matter of politeness
j to them, I would vote for the reconsideration, for
II know many gentlemen on the opposite side who
| would vote for a reconsideration as a matter of
■ politeness to me, aq£I am not to be outdone by
'j them. I said that, as d matter of politeness, I
'1 would vote for the recgnsideration, but that when
ij wc came to vote on the amendment of the Senator
'a from North Carolina, I should vote precisely as I
J did before, for I regarded the elective franchise as
' the most important right of the American citizen,
and I would do nothing to cheapen it. I think
those were the very words L used.
Mr. BROWN. I am very glad to hear the
explanation of my friend from Texas. I should
be very sorry to lose the support of that distin-
guished Senator; for from the time when this
debate commenced, I have looked to the Senator
from Texas as one of the most faithful in stand-
ing up for the rights of the American citizen,
native-born or foreign-born, who has been nat-
uralized according to the laws of the country.
As a matter of course, I felt some degree of in-
security at witnessing what 1 supposed to be a
slight exhibition of wavering on his part. I am
very glad to find that I was mistaken.
I was going on to say, sir, that wc must pro-
tect ourselves against inroads from without; and
the remarks this morning of my friend from Ohio
did not strike me with great force when he ap-
pealed to the early examples of the Republic, to
the case of Tennessee, and of other States which
had allowed foreigners to vote in the formation
of their organic laws. I saw then, as I see now,
that though this subject may have been allowed
to pass without special attention being called to
it, yet, when it becomes a prominent question of
consideration here, and you pass your deliberate
judgment upon it, after calm and dispassionate
and full debate, it becomes altogether a different
ease. That which is allowed to pass in the course
of ordinary proceedings, hidden in the nooks and
corners of a bill, and therefore unobserved, is one
thing; but when the point is made prominent, and
becomes a subject of debate—of deliberate consid-
eration, and the Senate calmly and dispassionately
determines upon it, it makes altogether a different
case.
Such, sir, is the question before us at this mo-
ment. Nobody can pretend that there is any
overruling necessity for your doing this act. It
is not the Kansas-Nebraska bill over again. ft
is not the old Tennessee question repeated. It
is not any question ever presented to the Amer-
ican Senate before. It is simply a dry, naked
question as to whether you will allow unnatural-
ized foreigners to vote in the formation of the con-
stitution of a new State. That is all there is of
it, and all that anybody pretends there is of it.
I voted against it m the Kansas-Nebraska case.
If the Tennessee and other cases alluded to to-day
had been presented to mc, perhaps there would
have been some reason why I should have given
way; but after having listened to a more than four
hours' debate to-dav, besides a three hours' dis-
cussion on Saturday, I have heard nothing—no
new suggestions, that makes it necessary for me
to give way here. You are just to do the thing
simply to give unnaturalized foreigners the right
to vote in the formation of a new State, and that
is all there is of it. Against that I plant myself.
To that I am opposed. In opposition to it I
mean to record my vote now, and for all time to
come.
1 protest most solemnly against this proceed-
ing. It will make five hundred thousand Know
Nothing votes in the Union, and all the eloquence
of the Senate cannot prevent it. Whenever the
Senate is induced to reverse its judgment, formed
calmly and deliberately, and after full discussion,
on account of the influence of foreigners, the last
citadel of liberty in Ameiiea has given way. If
I had the eloquence of the most gifted orator who
ever spoke, I would employ it to-day against the
doing of this act. If I could address my Dem-
ocratic friends m an appeal that could reach their
hearts, I would adjure them to abstain from doing
tiiis acf. Do it, and you will shake the Demo-
cratic party to it? very foundation. Let it be once
understood that foreign influence can invade the
American Senate, and m forty-eight hours reverse
a judgment deliberately given, and the confidence
of the Amcncan people wall be shaken in the
firmness of this august body. In this body, ac-
cording to my judgment, is concentratod the lant
hope of liberty in this country. I feel so; I think
so: I so express myself; and it pains mc to the
inmost recesses of my heart to see this body
doing any act which is to shake the confidence of
the American people in its integrity. But how
comes it that, in the short space of forty-eight
hours, upon a great question like this, this great
body is induced to changc its position ?
Two days ago you passed this proposition; to-
day you reverse your judgment by a vote of almost
