THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS
OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES,
WASHINGTON,
D. C.
Thirtv-Focrth Congress, 3d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1857.
New Series.
..No. 55.
have been naturalized and become citizens just as
effectually as I do those who by nativity are cit-
izens. They are citizens, and are equally bound
to the Constitution as I am, and bound by it as I
am. I am speaking of aliens—those who have
bad it in their power and have*W chosen to be-
come citizens of the United States.
I hope no reconsideration will be granted of the
amendment which is now the subjcct of debate.
We adopted it deliberately; and what is this sin-
gular proceeding? Upon a solemn vote of the
Senate there is a considerable majority in favor
of the amendment; but a gentleman comes in and
repeats to-day, " I voted for the amendment
merely to obtain the privilege at a future day of
moving a reconsideration."
Mr. HALE. Does the honorable Senator
mean to say tlwre is anything unfair in that ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have not said so; I
am repeating the fact; but now, if the gentleman
wants my opinion, I will say I do not think.it
is fair or parliamentary. I think that if a gen-
tleman is willing, on fair considerations, he may
retain his vote, and he may have ample grounds
for moving a reconsideration; but to say that " I
voted for the purpose, not as expressing my sen-
timent, but as acquiring a privilege," which only
belongs to those who bona fide, as I understand,
and in sincerity, express their opinions in their
votes. He voted for the amendment merely for
the purpose of acquiring this right. That, i say,
does not appear, in the language of the question,*
to be fair or parliamentary. 1 do not so suppose;
but after delaying that as long as lie could, and
after two or three days, it seems it is expected
that sufficient changes have occurred in the Son-
ate, when the gentleman comes forward with his
reserved right of moving for a reconsideration to
reverse the decision of the Senate. I make no
comment on all this. I only say that it is a sin-
gular proceeding, take Hal together, and still more
singular shall I consider it if upon the vote taken
upon the reconsideration of the first amendment,
it shall be found that the amendment adopted
tbrc& days ago is now this day repudiated by the
•men who voted for it then.
Mr. HALti. I belifve this is the first time, in
a somewhat long legislative life, that I ever had
my conduct impugned as wanting in fairness or
obedience to parliamentary law; and there is cer-
tainly no man in the Senate, or in ihe Congress
of-the United States, from whom a reproof of
that kind could fall with more weight than from
the honorable Senator from Kentucky. But, sir,
I maintain, notwithstanding his authority, and .
notwithstanding his censure—and I appeal to the
judgment of the Senate—I appeal to the Chair— :
I appeal to every man who hears me—that the
course I took was a perfectly fair one, a perfectly
parliamentary one, and the course that is usually
-adopted when a member wishes to avail himself
ofthe privilege of voting with the majority, giving 1
notice at the time that he means to move a lecon-1
sideration. I myself, in my limitod experience, i
have known gentlemen to ask a member so to ;
vote^ for the very purpose of acquiring that right. '
I believe that it is an undoubted right, a paiha-:
mentary right, and a strictly parliamentary right. J
The honorable Senator has let his feelings run '
away with his judgment; for he could not have :
been in the Senate so many years as he has been i
'-^-and I believe he dates back nearly forty years j
since he first came here—and have yet to learn ]
that the course I have taken can be successfully !
vindicated against rightful censure, from any !
source and from any quarter. I
Sir, I do not feel indifferent to censure coming i
from such a source, but I appeal to every man i
who hears me—Iappeal to every man who knows '
anything abdut parliamentary proceedings, if the j
•course I have taken was not only parliamentary j
and proper, but required of me by the highest ;
sense of duty. If I saw that a motion was to be [
carried, and I thought that mature and deliberate j
consideration hereafter to be bestowed on it would i
induce the Senate to retrace the step, it was my ,
duty, as I understand it, here, in the discharge of '•
55
obligations which rest upon me as a Senator, to
seize upon that parliamentary and constitutional
safeguard which the laws of the Senate vouchsafe
to me for the purpose of calling the Senate back
to that reconsideration to which, under the Consti-
tution and laws, it was my duty to call the Senate.
Sir, I feel—I know, that I cannot appeal to per-
sonal, or political, or friendly sympathies here;
but I appeal to every honest and every honorable
man, (and that includes every man in the Senate,)
if there is anything in the course which I have
pursued that merits the censure or the reproach
of the honorable Senator from Kentucky or any-
body else ? I am free to admit that there is no
man with whom it has ever been my lot to be-
come acquainted, from whom I could receive such
a reproof, from whom it would fall with more
weight, than from the Senator from Kentucky.
I am willing to,admit that; but I know, sir, (be-
cause I believe in the calmness of his reflection
.he is not only honest and honorable and upright,
but kind,) that I can hereafter call upon him to
reconsider the very sentiment which he has here
avowed, and that he will not—I am sure he will
not, persist in visiting so humble an'individual
as I am with the weight of censure, coming from
such a character as he is.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Perhaps I did express
myself a little too hastily. It was not my pur-
pose or intention to say anything more than to
state the facts of the case; and really, in that I
did not intend unkindncss, but to state that this
matter'had taken a singular course when the gen-
tleman propounded the inquiry to me if I con-
sidered it unfair. I may be very wrong about it,
but I considered it unparliamentary. I may be
wrong in that opinion. Ihcre may be reasons,
perhaps, which would justify it. It never hap-
pened to me to do it in all my life; but perhaps I
have taken my opinions from a rather too limited
sphere of observation.
I know no gentleman in the Senate to whom I
would not sooner give any just cause of personal
offense than the Senator from New Hampshire.
His course has always been respectful m this
body, and conformable to the order of the Senate
to a degree that scarcely any of us can boast of.
I acknowledge all that; but I must tell the gen-
tleman in candor, I think as I have stated. Others
may think differently, with as much integrity as
I profess orpietend to have.#
Mr. BIGGS. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The question being taken, on a division there
were—ayes 9, noes 20; no quorum voting.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays; and
thev were ordered.
Mr. STUART. My colleague [Mr. Cass] de-
sired me to announce to the Seriate that he had
paired off with Mr. Pratt.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Butlkk] was unwell and compelled to leave
the Chamber, and I agreed not to vote on the
question. I think it would not be good faith for
me to vote on the adjournment; and therefore I
decline to vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 39; as follows:
YfiAS—Messrs. Adams, Bell of Tennessee, JJigffs, firod-
liead. Biown, ('lay, CutteiKioii. Fitzp.itnck, Hunter, Ma-
son, ileid, und Thompson of Kentucky—12.
NAYS—Messrs. IJcll of New Flamp^lme, Bislcr, Colin-
met, Douglas, Dmkee, Fe>senden, Foot, Foster. Hale,
Harlan, Noutse, Ku:-.k, Seward. Stuart, Toombs., Toucey,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—19
So the Senate refused to adjourn, though there
was not a quorum voting.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is a quorum in the
Chamber.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I think when this
question is taken we should have a full Senate,
and I therefore move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I suppose that is not in
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A motion to
adjourn is always in order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But there must be intervening
business between two motions to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, A motion to
adjourn is always in order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It has always been helci
that you must have business intervening.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There can be
no business when there is not a quorum. The
11th rule of the Senate declares that " A motion
for adjournment shall always be in order, and
shall be decided without debate."
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall have to ask for the
yeas and nays again, because I am satisfied there
is a quorum present.
Mr. BROWN. I hope they will not be allowed.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLAY. I have paired off with the Sena-
tor from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] who is obliged
to leave the Chamber, at his request.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12 nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of Tennessee, Biggs, Brodliead,
Brown, Ciittenilon, Fitzpatrick, Hunter, Mallory, Mason,
Rekl, Rusk, ami Tiumbull—12. „
NAYri—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Bigler, Colla-
te*, Douglas, Durlcee, Fessenilen, Foot, Foster, Hale,
Italian, Nourse, Reward, Stuart, Toucey, Wade, and
Wilson—16.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate re-
fuses to adjourn, but there is no quorum voting.
Mr. HALE. I wish to raise aquestion of order,
because it may be practical hereafter, whether it
is the right of Senators who are present to decline
voting and leave us without a quorum.
The PRESIDENT-pro tempore. The rule of
the Senate requires every member to vote.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. The Sena-
tor from New Hampshire just now advocated his
right to take advantage of parliamentary law and
proceedings, and all kinds of tricks, against my
colleague. Have I not a right to do the same
thing when I wished to shove off this measure,
until I can have a chance with the new President,
and see what he will do ? Let him take another
deal, and shuffle the cards, and he may turn up
a jack. If there is any law to make me vote, I
shall vote; but if not, I will not If you come to
that sort of ground scuffle I will stand up for my
rights—but I mean to say nothing disrespectful
to the gentleman.
Mr. RUSK. The vote of the Senator from
Kentucky would not change the result. I believe
that it is in the power of the minority to send for
absent members if they choose to do so. But the
time of the Senate is running on. I have stayed
here when perhaps 1 ought to have gone away,
and if I had consulted my inclinations, would
have gone away. If, however, the minority who
refuse to adjourn, choose to send for absentSen-
ators, I am willing to stay here and do so.
Mr. BROWN. I move that the Senate adjourn
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 23, 1857.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. GWIN presented the credentials of Hon.
Da\id C. Broderick, elected a Senator by the
Legislature of California for the term of six.years
from the fourth day of March next; which were
read, and ordered to be filed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIAL.
Mr. STUART presented the petition of L. Pat-
terson and other citizcns of Michigan, for the
establishment of a mail route from Boston to
Greenville, in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of J.
Webster Cochran, praying that ho may be al-
lowed an opportunity to exhibit and explain, be-
fore a committee of the Senate, an improvement
invented by him, in the construction of wrought
iron tunnels for road ways under rivers; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of Vassal
