866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
D. Pinkham, contsactor for carrying the mail be- !
tween Bangor and Calais, in Maine, praying for !
remuneration for losses sustained in the execu- j
tion of his contract, or that the contract may be j
canceled; which was referred to the Committee i
on the Post Office and Post Roads. j
Mr, BIGLER presented the petition of Joseph j
Paul, a soldier jn the last war with Great Brit-
ain, praying to be allowed a pension; which was j
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of A. G.
Sioo, praying that authority may bo given to the
Postmaster General to contract with him for
carrying the mail across the Isthmus of Tehuan-
tepec; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. RUSK presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of the State of Texas, in favor of a
"revision and reversal of the decision of the court-
martial in the case of Charles E. Travis, late a
captain in the United States Army; which were
ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
M3P0RTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. G(i7) for
the relief of William James, reported it without
amendment, and submitted an adverse report;
Which "Was ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the bill was in<iefi
ttitely postponed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 597) for the relief
of Elizabeth Martin, reported it without amend-
ment, and submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of L. A. Latil, submitted
an adverse report,; winch was agreed to; and Un-
report was ordered to be punted.
Mr. "WETXER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of C. S. Todd, submitted m report,accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 027) tor llie rein1! of Charles S.
'2 odd, late United States Minister to Russia;
winch was lead, and passed to a second reading;
and the report way ordeied to be primed.
Mr. WELLER, fiom the Committed on Mili-
tary Affairs, who weie instructed by a lesolution ■
of (he Senate to inquire into the expediency of 1
utnhoiizmg the &alu of the military asylum at:
Horrodsburg, Kentucky,and of discontinuing the I
military a&yhim in the District of ('olumbia/sub- \
milted a report; winch was ordered to be printed. '
A motion of MY. to print two thousand j
additional copies of the report was referred to the ;
Committee on Printing. f
Mr. COLLAMER,'h om the Committee on the '
Post Oflice and i>ost Roads, to whom was referred 1
the memorial of I/enry Uoodwin, lepoited a
bill (ft. No. 028) in relation to the duties of post- ■
masters; winch was read, and passed to u second <
reading. j
Air. JONES, of Iown, from the Committee on 1
Pensions to whom was referred the petition of j
Micajah Owen, submitted an adverse repoit; I
"Wlnc.ii was ordered to be printed. !
lie also, from the same committee, to whom '
was referred the memorial of Mrs. Sarah A. Wat- j
son, submitted a report accompanied by a bill (3. i
No. 629) for tlie leiief of Mis. Sarah A. Wat.son, ^
•widow of the late Lieutenant Colonel Wilbam II.;
"W arson, who was killed at Alonterey, Alexico; j
whirh was read, and passed to a second reading; '
iiiul the report was ordered to lie printed. ;
Uc also, hem the same committee, to whom !
was referred the bill (H. It. No. 768) for the relief |
of John Duncan, reported it without amendment, ;
and submitted an adverse repoit; which was or- !
tieiX'd to he piitucd. !
He also, from the same committee, to whom !
was icferred the bill (H. It, No. 470) for the t
relief -jf Letty Gi'i-?;, widow of Simeon Griggs, j
a revolutionary soldier, reported it without amend- !
ment,and submitted an adverse report; which was 1
ordered to be printed. 1
He also, from the same committee, to whom '
wps referred the bill (H. it. No. 309) for the I
rehef of Alhro Tnpp, reported it without amend-
ment, and submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H-, It. No. 488) for the re-
lief of Isaac Langley, reported it without amend-
ment, and submitted an adverse report; which was
'ordered to bo printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Samuel AlcDougat,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
Air. FISH, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
Edward D. Reynolds, submitted aicport, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 630) for the relief of
Edward D. Reynolds; which was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed. 4
Air. SLIDELL, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, reported a joint icsonuion (No.
56) allowing Commander Etcnry J. Hartstene, of
the United States Navy, Lieutenant S. D. Trench-
nrd, Master Morrison, and 'he petty officers and
crew of the steamer Vixen, to accept certain
tokens of acknowledgment from the Government
of Great Britain; which was read, and passed to
a second reading.
He presented communications from Mr. Dallas,
Mr. Alarcy, and the Earl of Clarendon, on the
subject-matter of the resolution; which were or-
! dered to bu printed.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Print-
ing* to whom was referred a motion to print
additional copies of the report of the Commis-
sioner of Patents in relation to agriculture, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Resolved. Th:U dim: he punted fortheuseof the Senate,
fiftv fi\ o tliour-awl t'Xiia copies of the lepon of the Commit--
aioiier ot I'.itcnN on a^ucuUnn1, foi the y-ir ; two thou-
sand of said eojuc^io be lor the twoi'ihe Patent Office , ami
th.u the Conmn-sioner Of Patents he authoi zed to add to
the poitiou of lus icport now beioie the Senate, Mich matter
as may Ik nccesMf) to complete the same: Proiuled, That
-ueh additurn shall not e\ci cd m the aggiegate the numhei
ot pa^e? contained in the report of'the siiuo subieet foi the
year Irt,./Jml provided farfket, That the entire amount
ot eop} neee-s.iij to complete--aid icpoitbe placed in ihc
hand , oi the public puntei hv m tnifoio Hip nisi day ot .May
ue\f. fjui no poi non ot' --aid eopv shall l><- pUu-ul m the
hand oi the public pi inter until the whole shall have been
completed, and deheeud into the hands <>l the Supeim-
Iciidciu ol Public PijuUii^
Air. JOHNSON. The numbers specified in
! the resolution eoucspond exactly with the past
action ot the Senate. Tlie resolution m sonic in-
spects a.syumes a different character from what
has been usual. This is in consequence of the
fact that there hasp-own up a practice, winch I
believe ought to be denounced, and I shall take
the occasion to denounce it now, as far as I am
concerned. Public documents are transmitted to
this body, and we are called upon to print them,
when they ur« in fact incomplete. We act upon
an estimate of ihSfcost of ptinung what ih before
us. They Irave un to ^uess as> to the cost of
pointing that part which has not come to us; and
when we have mado an order for the printing of
a work, there is no end to it, because they go on
and fill it out ad liiihun. Some reports are now
m progress of printing that have been i>omg on
for five or six yeais. I do not say that such a
case as that would occur m regard to the Patent
Cilice report; but it is kindred to it. Here is a
small report that will not constitute two hundred
pages; it is the Patent Otficc agricultural leport
lor the year lttoG. The gieater part of that report,
will have to bo collected in the shape of letters and
documents, and information obtained in the year
]tf37;and we are to order the report of to be ;
printed upon the face of a return that is made to '
us, when the repoit is to be afterwards made up. ■
It is impossible that the rules of the Senate can be
complied with, and the committee make an esti-
mate such as we are required to make, and plac^ ;
it before the Senate, of the actual cost of the vol- ■
ume, if tins practice be continued. i
Cinder these circumstances, the committee have 1
instructed me to report the resolution which has
been read. It prescribes that the present repoi t ■
shall not exceed in the number of pages that of ■
the last year; and further, that unless all the copy [
be by the 1st of May placed in the hands of tlie 1
Supeimtendem of the Public Printing, none of it ;
shall be printed. The object of this resolution '
is to coerce immediate action on the part of the |
department to collect their information within 1
the time which they promise, or else to let it go '
over, and make its public appearance under the 1
cover of another year instead of this year. As i
it is, the members of the present Congress will 1
recehe the document now ordered to be printed.
Their franking privilege ceases on the 1st of De-
cember next. Unless this provision be made in
the resolution, the work cannot be completed and
delivered by the 1st of December; and it would
then refich these members when fhr y will have
no power to transmit it fo their constituents.
The amount of cost, in the aggregate, will be
$37,229 66. I ask for the adoption of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to ask the Senator from
Arkansas whether I understand that this is an
additional amount to what is usually published ?
Air. JOHNSO?i. This is the ordinary amount
of extia numbers that is published. There are
two descriptions of numbers. The usual number
of every document is one thousand four hundred
and twenty. Thnt is first ordered ; and the ques-
tion of printing extra numbers is referred to the
Committer on Printing. The Senate have long
since fixed on this number, fifty-live thousand
copies, and regularly ordered it as the amount of
extra copies of this report to be printed. We
have reported precisely what is in accordance
with the past precedents in the case.
The lesolution was agreed to.
JOINT RESOLUTION INTRODUCED.
AJr. DUItKEE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained* leave to bring in a joint resolution
(No. 5G) to authorize the Secretary of the Interior
( and the Attorney General to settle all matters of
| difference between the United States and the State
of Wisconsin, in relation to a grant of land for the
improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
ENROLLED RESOLUTIONS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled joint resolutions, which had here-
tofore received the signature of the Speaker of
the House of Representatives:
A joint resolution to provide for ascertaining
the relative value of the coinage of the United
States and Great Britain, and the fixing of the
relative value of the unitary coins of the two
countries; and
A joint resolution to prevent the counterfeiting
of the coins of the United States.
EXTENSION OF CAPITOL GROUNDS.
Air. BAA AllD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public, Buildings and Grounds to report
a bill ("S. No. 626) enlaiging the grounds sur-
rounding the Capitol. I am also instructed to
ask that the Senate will now take up the bill for
consideration. There is an actual necessity that
it should be passed at this session. 1 have been
too unwell to report it at an earlier day. I do not
think it wiil take fifteen minutes.
The bill was read tlie first time, and ordered to
a second readme.
Air. JOHNSON. 1 ask the Senator if the bill
will give rise to discussion, or is it likely to pass
without debate ?
Air. BAYARD. I should think it would not
! give rise to discussion. If it does give rise to a
debate, 1 shall let n go o\er. It is necessary that
it should be passed at this session.
The bill was read the second time.
Air. FESSKNDEN. I think that bill cannot
possibly pass without further examination. It
had better he over to give members a chance to
understand it.
Air. BRODHI3AD. Let the bill be printed.
Air. FKSSENDEN. A bill of this importance
ought to be printed, so that we can see Jt.
Air. BAYARD. The result will probably be
to defeat the bill at this session. The plan has
been agreed upon by the Committees on Public
Buildings of both Houses.
Air. FESSENDEN. Then we are to take it
without knowing anything about it on the judg-
ment of the committees. We ought to know
what expenditure is involved.
Air. BAYARD. The expenditure, I suppose,
will be about three hundred thousand dollars.
Air. FESSENDEN. Who can entertain the
idea of passing a bill of that kind without the
examination of anybody?
Air. BA\ ARD. The honorable Senator must
be aware that there miut be a large expenditure
to enlarge the public grounds. "Nobody could
anticipate anything else.
