1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
before the Senate by general consent, and can be
disposed of only by motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Dela-
ware said that, if it gave rise to discussion, be
would consent to its postponement, and I suggest
that it must necessarily give rise to discussion.
Mr. BAYARD. I should have reported this
bill a month ago, but my health would not allow
me to do so. We have had intercourse with the
committee of the other House; it has been a mat-
ter of consideration at the last session as well as
at this; and we have finally agreed on this as the
only practicable plan which will properly enlarge
the grounds surrounding the Capitol. I do not
suppose that, if the bill be printed, Senators will
be able to ascertain anything more, unless they
take the trouble to inquire as to the particulars
of the plan. I do not think tiiey will be enlight-
ened by the mere printing of the bill.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill at
length.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is impossible to hear a
word of that bill; and I move to postpone it until
to-morrow, and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
C. E. TRAVIS.
Mr. RUSK. I submit the following resolution,
and ask for its consideration now:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be required to lay
before the Senate a copy of the proceedings of the court-
martial in the case of Captain Chailcs E. Travis, with the
action which has been had thereon.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope we shall not be
calling indiscriminately for the records of courts-
martial. They give us a great deal of trouble.
Mr. RUSK. That is true; but the Legislative
of the State of Texas, of which Captain Travis is
a citizen, has protested against the course that
has been taken in regard to this officer. I offer
the resolution in pursuance of the request of the
Legislature of Texas, and because 1 can see no
harm that can result to the service from this pub-
lication. This officer has been dismissed from the
service, and he desires the testimony in his pase
to be communicated to the Senate. It may be pos-
sible that I may desire to found some action upon
it. It is not an ordinary case.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the Senator will allow
it to go over. I am utterly opposed to the prac-
tice of bringing here records of courts-martial
indiscriminately.
Mr, RUSK. The resolution can go over until
to-morrow, if there be objection.
Mr. TOOMJBS. 1 prefer that course.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolution
* will lie over until to-morrow.
PRIORITY OF BUSINESS.
Mr. COLLAMER. I call for the considera-
tion of the telegraph bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the consideration of this
bill is going to run beyond twelve o'clock, I must
ask the Senate to take up the unfinished business,
of yesterday. The Minnesota bill is the unfin-
ished business of yesterday. I feel it to be my
duty, as chairman of the Committee on Teriito-
rics, to insist on the consideration of that bill,
unless gentlemen will agree that at twelve o'clock,
when it comes up of right, the bill in relation to
the submarine telegraph shall be laid aside.
Mr. COLLAMER. How can we help our-
selves, if the other bill comes up of right?
Mr. DOUGLAS. If I cannot have that under-
standing, I move to take up the bill for the ad-
mission of Minnesota.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is impossible for any
one to make a particular agreement about it.
When the time comes, the gentleman will have
the right to move to take up his bill.
Mr." DOUGLAS. I ask the Chair at what time,
if any, the unfinished business of yesterday will
come up as a matter of right?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill to
which the Senator from Illinois alludes is pend-
ing upon a motion to reconsider, which is a privi-
leged question. The Chair considers that it will
of course come up at one o'clock, as a special
order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If it comes up as a special
order, at one o'clock, I am content.
Mr. HUNTER. I trust I may be allowed to
say a word or two in regard to the state of the
public business. I intend, at twelve o'clock, to
move to postpone all prior orders, for the pur-
pose of taking up the tariff bill. I wish to say to
the Senate, that if they mean to act on that sub-
ject at all, it must be taken up promptly; becausc,
after to-morrow night, I shall feel it my duty to
move to go on with the appropriation bills. It
will take all the rest of the time after to-morrow
night to do justice to the appropriation bills; and
if we cannot act on the tariff bill by that time, it
will probably be impossible for us "to act on it at
all; and when I shall move, at twelve o'clock, to
take it up, I hope that will be considered a test
question whether we shall act on it or not. If
we are to act upon it, we must take it up at once;
otherwise it will be impossible to go on with it.
At twelve o'clock 1 shall make that motion.
Several Senators. Make it now.
Mr. HUNTER. It has been suggested to me
by my friends that I had better make the motion
now. I move to postpone all prior orders, for
the purpose of taking up the tariff bill.
Mr. RUSK. There is a motion before the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
considers himself required to put the question,
on the motion of the Senator from Vermont, to
take up the telegraph bill.
Mr. HUNTER. Do 's not my motion to post-
pone all prior orders take precedence?
Mr. STUART. The Semvorcannotmake that
motion while the motion of the Senator from
Vermont is pending.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
by the Senator from Vermont that the Senate
proceed to the consideiation of the amendments
of the Flouse of Representatives to the bill (S.
No. -193) to expedite telegraphic communication
for the uses of the Government in its foreign in-
tercourse.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that it will not be
taken up. We know it is going to lead to debate,
I and there arc subjects of more importance pend-
! inS-
I Mr. RUSK called for the yeas and nays on the
j motion; and they wen; ordered.
I Mr. BAYARD. I hope we shall vote on the
telegraph bill without the necessity of debate.
We discussed it before; and it has been discussed
in the Flouse of Representatives; and ultimately,
I hope, a majority of the Senate will determine to
pass it without further debate. Discussion will
not enlighten us upon it. We have had a full
discussion before. I hope the Senate will agree
to take the bill up, and take the vote without
any further debate.
Mr. PRATT. I agiee with the Senator from
Virginia as to the importanc%of the present Con-
gress acting upon the .subject of the tariff; but it
must be apparent to him that, except the com-
mittee which has investigated the several bills
which have been reported, there is no member
of the Senate prepared to act on them now. Here
1 have the amendment of the honorable Senator
himself, which I have looked over; and it refers
to five schedules m the act of 1846. I have been
sending for these, and have this moment got the
bill in which I understand J can find these sched-
ules, for the purpose of examination. 1 think
our action on the taiiff question will be facilitated,
rather than otherwise, by suffering it to go over
until to-morrow, which will give each Senator
time to examine it to-night, so that we may un-
derstand something about it when it does come
up.
Mr. TOOMBS. Those schedules are in a law
of the United States.
Mr. PRATT. I know it; but everybody has
not look.nl to that law of the United States since
1846, and we did not know it was intended to
refer to that law until these amendments were put
on our tables.
Mr HUNTER. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator from Maryland that if we give to-day and
to-morrow to the consideration of the tariff, he
will have not only to-night to examine it, but he
can examine it while the debate is going on. I
take it that there will be debate on it; and after
to-morrow night we shall be obliged to take up
the appropriation bills.
Mr. STUART. I believe the question is on
taking up the telegraph bill; and this tariff discus-
sion is out of order. I make that point.
Mr. TOUCEY. With the hope that this ques-
tion may be disposed of at once, I vote " yea"
on the motion to take up the telegraph bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 23; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Cell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tpnru'Sflefi. Benjamin, Bigler, Bright, Brodhead, Browji,
Collumer, uouQla*,I>urkce, Fess>encien,Fish, Foot, Foster,
Gwin, Hale, Ilailan, James, Jones of Iowa, Nourse, Pratt,
l?ugh, Husk, Seward, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toueey. Wade, Weller, Wilson, and Yulee—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bi^s, Butler, Clay,
Dodge, Evans, Fitch, Fuzpatrick, Geyer, Green, Houston,
Hunter, Iverson, Johnson, Jones of Tennessee, Mason,
Reid, Sebastian, BUdell, Thompson of Keutucky, Toombs,
and Trumbull-—23.
OCEANIC TELEGRAPH.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the amendments of
the House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
493) to expedite telegraphic communication for
the uses of the Government in its foreign inter-
course.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Thompson] to postpone the bill and
amendments until the 5th of March; and on that
question the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. TOOMBS. I had nearly finished what I
had to say when the hour arrived for postponing
this question on Monday last, and I shaj£occupy
but a very few moments more of the Senate in
opposition to this measure. I had endeavored
to show, in the fust place, that this bill was with-
out constitutional authority; and in the second
place, that the bargain was an unequal bargain
as between England and the United States—that
it was not, proportioned to the respective inter-
ests which the two Governments had in the tele-
graph line. Thirdly, I shall attempt to show that
there is no such interest Jo the people of this coun-
try, which snemp to be relied on, as would au-
thorize us, if we had the power, and if the bar-
gain was clear, and just, and equal, to undertake
to go into this new projet.
Il is said that this country is greatly interested,
and especially my own section of the Union, in
the construction of this telegraph. Sucli seems
to be the opinion of the honorable Senator from
T«'xas, [Mr. Rusk,] that it is important to the
cotton tiade. I am not able to see it; but if it be
so, I think the growers of cotton, to which class
I myself belong — and it is the only business I
attend to when I look after my own affairs gen-
erally now — are perfectly willing to attend to
their own business. They want no aid from the
Government. They have never asked it; and they
do not now desire it. As a class, they have from
the beginning of this Government been studious
to avoid taking money out of the general fund,
to which they have contributed as liberally as
anybody else, for the benefit of their special in-
terest or any other special interest. They have
lived by their own industry, by tilling the soil;
and appeals to their interests are pretexts by
which many of the commercial classes and the
jobbing classes and the newspaper classes en-
deavor to obtain measures which they have never
sought and do not desire.
: 1 am not prepared to say that the effect ofhav-
j ingnews with reference to the state of the markets,
| every morning, rather than every fortnight, as at
I present, is a matter of any consequence to that
I interest, from the peculiar nature of the product,
it being an annual one. Though it may to a slight
degree lessen the opportunities for speculation, it
is only to a very slight degree. These telegraph
lines do not run over all the country to every
man's house. It may multiply the people who
can go into speculations. Persons living at the
telegraph points, where the news can be speedily
given, may diverge through the country, and you
may have a hundred crafty speculators where
there is now one large one who runs news by ex-
presses. That is my experience of the cotton
trade. The news cannot be as rapidly spread
. from the telegraph stations, all over the country,
Las it can be carried by expresses, and the very
j same difficulties will exist in speculating on pro-
1 duce to as great an extent as before.
| We are told by the honorable Senator from
t Texas, whom I have been sorry to see give his
! powerful aid to this measure, that the aid granted
1 to ocean steamships, of which policy he was the
1 advocate, has been productive of benefit; and
| therefore we should go into this experiment. I
