1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bill itself, which is attempted to be palmed on the
Senate The Senator says-we propose to do noth-
ing but pay for our messages, in the very face of
the bill, which provides, as I suppose that Sen-
ator or anybody else who can read it knows, that
we arc to pay whether they carry a message or
not. If we have no messages for them to carry,
we pay $70,000 a year.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator will excuse
nie. I did not say that we were not to pay the
§70,000 a year at all events; but i said that these
parties were to carry our messages for that sum.
We agree to pay them §70,000 a year for all the
messages we choose to send.
Mr. TOOMBS. That shows the importance
of ingenuity of statement, in which the Senator
very greatly excels. The whole question turns
on that point. He analogizes it to the case of
messages sent in this country. Do we ever pay
a telegraphic company in this country except for
the messages wc send ? I say the elFect of this
bill is, not to pay for the messages we may send,
but it is to pay $70,000 a year whether we ever
send a message or not. That is its plain, dis-
tinct, unequivocal language and meaning.
We are told by the Senator front Louisiana that
we do not aid in constructing this tekgraph out of
the Treasury of the United States. He ridicules
the constitutional argument by an ingenious state-
ment of facts. I say we pay seven per cent, in-
terest upon the estimated amount of building this
telegraph, and Great Britain pays seven per cent,
more. Is that no aid? Cannot a railroad be
constructed from here to the Pacific to-morrow—
cannot a telegraph be established between any two
court-houses m the United States, upon the same
terms, by guarantying fourteen per cent, on the
outlay ?
If these people are competent-to construct the
telegraph, here is a naked proposition, " If you
"will put your money in, we will pay you fourteen
per cent, for ten or twenty-five years." To say
that that is not aiding the company, seems to my
mind to be a strange confusion of ideas. It is
direct aid—such aid as would build a railroad in
any part of the United States, and build a tele-
graph anywhere, it is direct, substantial aid to
crect this telegraph. It secures double the ordi-
nary rate of interest.- These people have a mo-
nopoly from Newfoundland for fifty years for all
telegraphic communications. England has made
a contract with this company guarantying them
four percent, on the estimated cost; and we come
here and guarantee seven per cent, on the real
cost, or say wc will pay the same amount as
England. We are to do the same as England;
and yet we arc not aiding the line ! What more
do the supporters of a Pacific railroad want?
Look at the schemes which my friends from Cal-
ifornia have been pressing for a number of years.
They have not dared to ask as much as this; but
they say, " Guarantee us for carrying the mails a
certain s-iin of money, and we will construct the
road." I have no doubt you will make a road to
San Francisco as soon as the difficulties can be
moved, or one half of the advantages held out for
this telegraph be given.
The Senator from Louisiana says we do nothing
but pay these people for carrying our messages.
We enable them by the public money to construct
the line. We save the whole concern for at least
ten years, and perhaps twenty-five years, from the
possibility of loss if the wire can be laid down.
A railroad can be built by the Government from
here to New Orleans on the same terms, and one
to Lake Superior, and an air line can be made to
Boston. Does notevery Senator here know, when
that Senator says thi£ is not to aid them, that it is
such aid as would produce railroads and tele-
graphs throughout the whole habitable globe ?
However, it may be covered with words, they
have got this monopoly for fifty years. We do
not know upon what terms we are going to con-
tract with them; we have not protected ourselves;
but we have said our Executive Government may
go on and make a contract upon the same terms
as the company made with England. That does
not affect the monopoly. England may have an
interest in making it a monopoly. However suc-
cessful this line may be, she may put a provision
in her contract that'there shall be no other tele-
graph across the ocean; and if successful, the
effect would be to put the whole ocean in posses-
sion of this company for fifty years, and wc bind
ourselves to pay for telegraphic messages to no-
body else but them.
The object is first to get interest on the invest-
ment, and next to make this Government secure
a monopoly on the high seas. England has, by
her poets, been called " the mistress of the seas."
It is said *
u Her home is on the mountain wave."
She is going to assert jurisdiction here, to tie
together her own countries by this wire, and
maintain her ascendency by the aid of the United
States, her great commercial rival. I will make
no such bargain with her. We can get the use
of the line, if it be desirable, without any such
bargain. There is no sort of difficulty^ as our
settlements are now located, in getting a commu-
nication with the continent of Europe, with abso-
lute certainty, in other directions. In the prog-
ress of events, Russia is extending her conquests
to the East. There is i>o difficulty in crossing
at Behring's Straits. - Enough submarine cables
have been laid down to show that that is practi-
cable. Suppose we want one in that direction
through Behnng's Straits, and through the Pacific
ocean, to this country: it is not half as impracti-
cable as was the idea five years ago that this
scheme would get one vote. It is the natural
course of trade from those countries.
We are bound by this contract not to build
another submarine telegraph; but when England
has a monopoly of intelligence at both ends, wc
can use it when England pleases, and only when
she pleases.
Mr. BAYARD. Is there anything in the bill
which stipulates that the Government shall not
employ the services of any other telegraphic
company ?
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir. The difficulty is, that
the terms of the contract are not before us; and
on that point I am maintaining the propriety of
the amendment of my friend from Virginia, that
it is the duty of Congress to know what the obli-
■ gation is before we vote it.
' Mr. BAYAilD. Does not the bill give it?
Mr. TOOMBS. It says that sve shall have the
same contract that England has.
Mr. BAYARD. That is before us.
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir. Where?
Mr. BAYARD. I have read it. There is no
stipulation that, we may not employ half a dozen
companies for telegraphic communications. They
may be direct to New York, or in the mode the
Senatorindicates; and there is no stipulation that
wo are not to use them.
Mr. TOOMBS. The only stipulation is that
the contract shall be on terms of equality with
England. I say there is no reciprocity with
England, because England may be interested in
making this a monopoly; and I know Newfound-
land has given a monopoly to this company for
fifty years, or at least I am so informed by the
best sources of information accessible to me.
We arc called on to act without the usual sources
of information.
The idea is presented that this is a magnificent
; enterprise: that nobody but old fogies, and men
1 who have some regard to the rights' of the people
and the Treasury of the country, oppose it; that
only narrow men, who are not on a large scale,
oppose this magnificent scheme that is going to
connect the Old and tin- New World by tins mod-
em bond of union. These are the generalities by
I which the people of this country are to have
| their money appropriated to an enterprise in re-
\ gard to whieh the very terms of the contract are
| unknown to the Senators and Representatives
1 who vote for it.
' What is the bill? The bill expressly allows
' such a contract to be made as shall bo approved
, by the Executive. I do not know what it is. He
! may make such a one as I do not approve. I will
not allow him, in so grave a matter, to act for me.
I acton the universal principle,as a legislator,that
whatever may be rendered certain by the Legis-
lature ought not to be left to discretion. It is a
sound rule of all Governments which are regu-
lated by law, that nothing shall be left to discretion
which can be fixed by law. That is my own rule
of action; and therefore, as this can be fixed by
law,as these terms can be known, and it is within
the power of the representatives of the people
to fix them, that power ought to be maintained.
I insist that the argument I made that this Gov-
ernment is to give leal, substantial aid to this
enterprise, is true. We do not know what is the
price that is to be fixed for messages. If we havfe ,
but one message we pay $70,000; if we have none "
we pay $70,000; but if we have more messages .
than would amount to #70,000, at the fixed rate,"
we are to pay more. We are to pay $50,000
year, even when their income exceeds six per cent,
on their capital. When they come forward and
admit that they are making six per cent, you Eire
to pay them $50,000 annually. I am willing these
people should have telegraphs to England, France,
Austria, and Russia, according to the laws of their
own Government. This is an internal question
with England. If England holds this telegraph
and allows it to be used, I would use it as I would
those m my own country; but I will not bind my
country where there is reciprocity all on one side;
and above all, I am not to be deluded by general
terms to pledge the Treasury of my country to
build this oceanic telegraph; for that is what the
proposition is in substance.
Mr. BAYARD. I am unable to see that there
is any monopoly in this case; and if I thought
so, I should be indisposed to vote for the bill.
That this line will be laid, if it is practicable at
all, whether we make this subscription or not, I
have no doubt; but there is one advantage we
gain in making the contract, which has not been
adverted to by my honorable friend from Louis-,
iana, that I think of great moment. If the tele-
graph is made without any stipulation of this
kind on our part, wc have not the right of prefer-
ence which is given by the bill under any contract
to be concluded on terms of equality with Great
Britain, on the simple basis that the messages
from the Governments shall be transmitted in the
order m which they arrive at the stations, having
a priority over all individual communications
This, to my mind, is a' great advantage in the
transmission of intelligence connected with the
best interests of the country between Europe and
America. The relations of this country with
foreign Governments, the disturbances that may
exist abroad, the attitude of affairs all over Europe,
arc matters that ought to come to us, not as some
things have come to us within the last six months,
through the columns of the New York Herald,
but we ought to be able to have an official com-
munication from our Minister. If we pass this
bill we secure the right to transmit through,.our
own agents, by means of this telegraph, official
communication immediately from one country to
the other, any matter that your foreign minis-
ters in any part of Europe shall judge material
to the interests of their country to have known
here at the earliest opportunity. Is this nothing?
is it not a consideration for which this Govern-
ment can afford to pay $70,000, including in that
sum also the expenses of the transmission of the
messages ?
It is true it may be said that if we transmit no
messages we have to pay, and any gentleman
who entertains the opinion that this telegraph is
to be useless to us, and that the Government will
have no occasion to make use of it, with perfect
propriety can refuse to vote for thus bill. I differ
widely from any such opinion, I believe it is of
great importance to us. I confess, with no par-
ticular partiality, to the.general policy of Great
Britain, that I do think, in reference to this ques-
tion, she has behaved with liberality to this
country in placing us on the same footing with
herself. It is true she has colonial possessions
on this continent which require communications
with her. This gives her an interest on this con-
tinent that we have not abroad; but in the general
transmission of intelligence between one country
and another, we stand upon an equal footing in
point of interest and point of right, under this
bill, with herself.
I agree with the Senator from Georgia, that
discretion ought never to be trusted to a Depart-
ment further than the necessity requires: but who
ever yet heard that a legislative bouy was a proper
body to enter into all the details of a contract?
We never do it in any case. We impose limita-
tions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
ask the Senator to suspend his remarks, the hour
havin0, arrived for the consideration of the special
order,''which is the unfinished business of the last
adjournment.
'Mr. SEWARD, I hope we shall be allowed
to take fho question now ou this bill.
