872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am satisfied a vote cannot
be taken now, and I must therefore insist on the
special order. I know the debate will be con-
tinued.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 am placed in rather an un-
pleasant position, but I shall have to ask for the
yeas and nays, and vote against taking up a bill
to make a free State.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That comcs up of course.
Mr. RUSK. I think wc can vote on this sub-
ject in a short time. I do not wish to tread on
anybody's toes; I believe I could very easily
have answered a great deal of the apparently
plausible arguments against the bill; but I do not
intend to say another word on the subject. It is
evident the bill will consume time if it goes over.
Everybody knows that the special order now
coming up will consume time; and we are near
the close of the session. There is the tariff bill,
"which has to be attended to,aud then the appro-
priation bill will immediately comc next. 1 think
gentlemen arc now pretty well tired of debating
this question, and we can get a vote on it. I move,
therefore, to postpone the special order, so as to
continue the consideration of this subject.
Mr.COLLAMER. flaving reported this bill,
I suppose it would be by courtesy my right to
close the debate upon it; but 1 presume that the
discussion hay gone on so long that members all
understand it well enough; and unless gentlemen
desire to speak against it merely for the purpose
of defeating it by time, I think we may as well
take the question now. I waive the rigiit I have
by courtesy to close the debate, in order to let the
question be taken.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order is the bill (II. R. No. 0-12) to authorize the
people of the Territory af Minnesota to form a
constitution and Slate government, preparatory
to their admission into the Union on an equal
footing with the original States. U is moved by
the Senator from Texas to postpone it Jot the
purposeof continuing the bill und'TconMderation.
Mr. DOUULAS. If the voir a\n be taken on
the telegraph hill now, I am willing to lei it he
done. Jf not, I must in.Mst on going on with the
Minnesota hill.
Mr. IVKRSOIV. I call for the yeas and nays
on the postponement.
Mr. KAVAltD. 1 am willing to abstain from
a single further remark on this subject if the Senate
are ready to vole.
Mr. PUU3I. In my judgment, the fate of the
Minnesota bill depends on its bem^ taken up now.
I shall vote to take it up; but if theie aie friends
of that measme who ihmk this scheme is of su-
perior impoi tanee, I wish to say that, so far as my
judgment goes, they will be [('.sponsible for the
loss of the bill I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Minnesota hill is now
up, and the question is on postponing it.
The PRESIDENT -pro tempore. The question
is on postponing all prior orders, for the purpose
of continuing the bill (S. No. 493) before the Sen-
ate. On tins question t.he yeas and nays have
been asked for.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 34; as follows:
Y HAS — Messrs. Adams, Bavrircl, Boll of Temiossec,
Benjamin, Bro.ihead, Brown, CoUstinw, Duikee, Fish,
Foot, rosier, Gwm, Harlan, Houston, James. .lone" of
Jow:i, Mallory, Pratt, Uuak, rieward, Thonwm  i New
JorMW, Wade, and Wilson—a).
NAVS— Mes i*. Allen, Bell of New HamMmv, m*©*,
Btgier, Bright, Butler, Cas.s, eiav, rmieiKien, Dodirc,
Douglas. Kvans. Pessemlen, Fitoh, ritz| ,iMjck, (iicn,.
Hale. Hunter, Ivewon, Johnson, Jones of Tcnne^ee Ma-
son, Vom-e, i'n h, Uoid,Sebastian, Shdcll. Suum,Thomp-
sonofKeiaii'-kv. Toombs,Toucej, Tmmbull, VVeiler, and
Yidee~3!.
So the Senate retuscd to postpone the prior
orders.
ADMISSION OF MINNESOTA,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill (H.
It. No. 642) to authorize the people of the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota to form a constitution and
State government, preparatory to their admission
into the Union on an equal footing with the oii-
ginal States, is now before the Senate; and the
question is on reconsidering the vote on the
second amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. As soon as that is disposed
of, and I do not see any use in debating it longer,
the opinion of the Senate having been shown upon
it, I shall move to take up the tariff bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hale,] to reconsider the vote on the
second amendment inserted in this bill on Satur-
day last. It is in line ten, after the word " the,"
where it first occurs, to strike out " people of,"
and insert "citizens of the United States residing
in," and insert44 whoare by this law qualified to
vote at the election of delegates." The amend-
ment makes the clause read:
Subject to the approval and ratification of the citizens
of the United States residing m the proposed State who are
by this law legally qualified to vote at the election of dele-
gated.
Mr. APAMS. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion to reconsider.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 31, nays 24; as follows:
YBAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshue, Hisler,
Bright, C'HhSj Coilamer, I)od<ie, Douglas, lHnkije, Fe^sen-
den, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Gieen, Iiale', Harlan, James,
Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Nonr^e, i'ugh, Sebastian, Seward,
Stuait, Toombs, Toucey, Tiumhulf, Wade, YVel'ler, Wil-
son, and Yulee—111.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bell of Tennessee,
Benjamin, Bi^g-, Bioil*lead, Brown, Cia>, Crmenden, j
Evans, Fish, Fitzpatriek, (Jever. (Jwin, Houston, Hunter, i
iverson, Jones of Tennessee, Mason, Piatt, Iieid, liusk,
Slidell, and Thompson of Kentucky—21.
So the amendment was reconsidered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the adoption of the amendment. i
Mr. BIGGS. 1 do not propose to occupy much i
of the time of the Senate  j
Mr. IIALE. Will the Senator allow us tore- j
consider the other bianch of the amendment, and |
then we can take the question on all together? !
Air. JUGGS. I suppose the question now is
oil the adoption of the amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment, the vote on
adopting which has been reconsidered.
Air. BIGGS. That is what I understand. It
is on the second amendment which I proposed,
both involving precisely the s;tme principle.
Mi. (« REI'LN . J desire to make amotion to
reeon.suh i the fnM am< lidmenl.
Mr. BIGGS. I have n,. objection to yield to
that motion if that is desired.
Mr. GREEN. T l;u in  \ <>ted fm the adoption
of the fust amendment of the Senator from North
Carolina, I move to leconsider the vote by which
it was adopted.
Mr. BIGGS called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 'A\, nays ^t; as follows:
YFj \tt -i\lr><i i. AlUii. Bell of New Kama-line. Deilrr,
Bu-ln, Ca---. ('olhun-T, l)o<l-( . Dousla-. Piiik'c,
d'-n, Filch, Foot, Fo-tei, (iieen, Ii<t!r\ Ilaiian'. .I.ihk*-,
John -on, ,loiie> of' Iowa, Noiiim\ IMiurh. Seba-iian, Sewerd,
Hnidit, Tu'imtis, Touce\, 'J'tninlnill, Wade, Wilier. Wil-
son, and Yulee—."U.
YAS S—Mes«j|-. Adams, F.avaid, Beiij.umn, Brod- 1
hc.ui. Blown, BuHei, t *la\, I'mtenden. r.vaiis. Fi-h. Fit/.- |
p.ai it'k. Hoiision, Hunter, M.i-on. Pi.ui, Real. Ki^k,
vSlidHI. ami Thompson ot Kenineky—\M. ' |
So the vo'e adopting the first amendment was ,
reconsidered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will now be on adopting tho first amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is the last one voted ;
on. :
Art-. BIGGS. T1 us is exactly the position of {
tho question that I desire to bring to tho notice ;
of the .Senate. The first amendment I proposed,
and which is now pending, is to confine the ujrlit 1
of suffrage in voting for delegates to the eonven- '
tion to form tho State constitution of Minnesota
to citizens of the United States. The othi r amend-
ment 1 proposed was a necessary consequence of
that. It was that on the question of the ratifica-
tion of the constitution being submitted to the
people of Minnesota, the voters should be citizens
ot tiie United States alone. It is m substance the
same question, and I am very glad indeed that
we are to lake the vote at once on the first amend-
ment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will ask my friend, as the '
one amendment is dependent on the other, why
may we not take a vote on both together;
Mr. BIGGS. I shall do this with the consent
of the Senate: if they refuse to adopt the first
amendment, I will withdraw the other.
Mr. DOUGLAS, That is satisfactory.
Mr. BIGGS. That is what I propose to do,
so as to have the question settled by one vote.
Now, Mr. President, 1 wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate and the country to the position
of this question, and to the position of this Con-
gress oil this important question. On all occa-
sions, whenever Congress has been brought to a
vote on this important question, the Senate of
the United States, without an exception, except
the one to which I shall presently allude, have
enforced, by a decided majority, the principles
involved in this amendment. When the bill for
the erection of the territorial governments of
Kansas and Nebraska was before the Senate, it
has been conceded in the argument, and the Jour-
nal shows, that on such an amendment as this
being proposed by the Senator from Delaware,
not now with us, [Mr. Clayton,] the Senate, by
a decided vote, after full debate, adopted the prin-
ciple of this amendment. That was the sense of
the Senate, fairly expressed, of this august body,
which I have always held to be the great con-
servative element in the present organization of
the Government. It is tiue, sir, that when the
Kansas-Nebraska bill went to the House of Rep-
resentatives, and this principle was modified,
under the peculiar circumstances of the case, the
Senate gave way; but I wish to call the attention
of the donate and the country to the fact, that
they weie forced to give way, under the peculiar
circumstances of that case, not in regard to the
extent ot the principle involved in this amend-
ment, but confined entirely to Territories and to
territorial organizations, which of necessity must
be temporary m their chaiacter.
This may have been a seeming departure, by
the Senate of the United States, from the assertion
of the principle for which I now contend. I do
not so understand it, however; and therefore I
think I am justified in saying, that on no occa-
sion in th^ history of this country, when the ques-
tion has been distinctly presented to the Senate
ot the United States, have they deviated from the
principle involved in this amendment. That prm-
i uple is, in authorizing the people of a Territory
j to form a State constitution, the right of suffrage
I shah be confined to citizens of the United States.
| il;iviri<r said thuf-' much m regard to the law
1 that organized the Territories of Nebraska and
: Kansas, I wish to call attention to what was done
j heie in This very Congress, at its first session. I
: have before me tin- bill that was passed by the
i Senate of the United States in regaid to Kansas5
i What aie the provisions of that bill m reference
j to this particular subject'1
i '• Tts.it fvciv white in a If.' eiiKMn of the United  qt.ite<?,
j ov'M* tvv'rify oium Ceil? of n^o, who ina\ be ft howijulc itihrtb-
i mint of siid Terntoi v on the 4th du\ ot July, JS.jG, and who
j fhal] have leMdeii thief; month-, next before the State el°e-
i tiun in tin- eoi:jit\ in w hie[i lie etlVi ■> to s olc, and no other
: ujiute\oi; slutll be ontillod to \ote at said dec
; lion."
; This is provided ill thn Kansas bill passed by
; the Senate nt tho first session of the presentCon-
j gress, which was sent to the House of Repre-
| sentativcs, and there lemams to the present day.
; Thoie was a discussion in this body on thnt
i asm ndni'mu* The subject had been frequently
diseussid before; it was discussed on that occa-
j sion; and by a deliberate vote of the Senate of
I the United States, they affirmed the principle m-
I volved m this amendment.
Asrain, sir, on Saturday last, when the present
j bill was before the Senate, after full discussion,
| the Senate of tiie United Slates affirmed the same
1 principle. But there seems to have come over
| the opinions of gentlemen here a sudden change,
1 judging from the vote taken this morning — an
; impoi tantchange. Why is this? What has pro-
i duocd this change of opinion ? We can under-
: stand that gentleman may change their opinions
; on mcasuiox which are passed hastily without
1 a full examination. We can understand the
, reason for it, when the matter has not been fully
, investigated. Wc can understand the propriety
of reconsidering questions that are passed by the
Senate when they have not been fully examined,
debated, and understood. But here is an im-
portant question involving the dearest light of
■ American citizens—the right of suiFrage in the
formation of the organic laws of the country,
which has been debated year after year, and ses-
sion after session, and the opinion of the Senate
of the United States decidedly expressed m regard
to it — expressed no longer ago than last Satur-
day at this session, to say nothing of what took
; place at the last session of Congress; and here is
to be a change of this expression of sentiment
