1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
on a motion to reconsider, and the amendment, I
suppose, is to be rejected.
1 call the attention of the Senate and the coun-
try to the fact that some influence, not for good
I fear, has been brought to bear on the Senate of
the United States, that conservative branch of this
Government, by which there is to be a change of
policy and opinion on this important question;
and I here announce, as a startling fact, what is
that influence, and what my opinion of that in-
fluence is. I say, in the most earnest and em-
phatic manner that I am capable of doing, that,
against that influence and against its appliances,
I desire to be heard, and to be heard as far as I can
express my opinion, in the most forcible manner.
I protest against it as a startling fact in the his-
tory of the legislation of this country. That in-
fluence is no less than the foreign influence—the
foreign vote in this country; and there is a contest
between gentlemen of different parties, who fear
that the foreign vote maybe changed one way or
the other. Sir, if the foreign vote m this country
is to determine the character of our institutions,
I repeat what I said yesterday, it is time the
American people knew it.
1 hold—and that has been my opinion all the
time—that that portion of our foreign population
who have become naturalized citizens ought not
to desire, and I believe they do not desire, this in-
discriminate mixture of conferring the right to
vote on all persons who may come from a foreign
countiy without being naturalized. I am not
authorized to speak the sentiments of the natu-
ralized citizens; but it seems to me that they ought
to feel as American native-born citizens feel on
this question; for the effect is to deprive the nat-
uralized citizen of his proper influence in the ad-
ministration of the affairs of this Government.
Here is a man who from choice has emigrated
from another country, who has complied with our
laws, who has remained here the requisite five
years/who has become identified with our insti-
tutions, who has stayed here a sufficient length of
time to understand our institutions, and under
our laws is permitted to mix, as he ought to do,
with American citizens. Ought he not to feel the
same interest to secure the full influence of his
vote that a native American citizen feels? I
think so, sir. I may misunderstand naturalized
citizens; I may misapprehend the motives of
action by which they are governed. It may be
that fears are entertained by leading men in both
parties here, that if they do not permit unnat-
uralized foreigners to vote, they will lose the sup-
port of naturalized foreigners. That may operate
on the minds of some. It may be their opinion
that by refusing to give unnaturalized foreigners
the right to vote m the formation of the organic
law of a new State, you will control the politics
of Minnesota, or the politics of Oregon, or the
politics of the northwestern States.
If you reject the amendment, you recognizc the
principle, that m this American Confederacy of
ours you may have a State composed of unnatu-
ralized foreigners and controlled by unnaturalized
foreigners. It is nothing more nor less than this.
To that I am opposed now and forever. I cannot
but understand that this is to be a contest between
gentlemen of different parties for the purpose of
securing the foreign vote. Have we come to this,
that that influence is so potent—so irresistible in
the Congress of the United States, and particu-
larly in the Senate, the conservative branch of
our Government—in the Senate of the United
States representing the States of this Confed-
eracy, that we are to be turned, directed, con-
trolled by considerations of that kind?
I wish to call the attention of the Senate and
the country to that fact. I cannot understand
any other influence which should change the de-
termination of the Senate of the United States,
but that foreign influence and the desire of gen-
tlemen to conciliate it and to obtain votes among
the foreign population of this country, the con-
sequence of which is, to a very considerable ex-
tent, to detract from the influence, from the weight
of not only native American citizens and their
votes, but naturalized foreigners, whose interests
I feel very much at heart, as much as I do the
interests of the native American citizen. Those
who understand the position I have always occu-
pied know very well that they have my sympa-
thy. Against an indiscriminate repudiation and
reprobation of foreigners coming to settle upon
our shores, I have always been opposed. That,
however, is a very different question from this.
The naturalization laws which we have passed
I believe to be proper laws; and they ought not,
according to my opinion, to be altered, because
they are right. The naturalization laws require
a man to stay here live years in order to become
a naturalized citizen. The question is whether
or not you will repudiate that policy, and not only
declare that native American and naturalized
citizens shall enjoy the right of controlling this
country, but that you will give it to any and every
person, whether he be a citizen or not, who hap-
pens to come from a foreign country, although
the effect of that may be, as I say it will be in re-
gard to the principle of this amendment, to give
the right of suffrage and the right of controlling
the institutions of this country in molding our
State constitutions to even an alien enemy, who
may be an inhabitant of a Territory. I confess
I cannot see the difference between the period of
one day and anything less than five years. Five
years' residence is the limit prescribed by our laws
to entitle a foreigner to become a citizcn of the
United States. If you can say that less than five
years—less than the term required by the Consti-
tution of the United States and the laws passed
for all foreigners, will suffice, why can you not
say one day will do ? If the influences which are
now exerted over the Senate to authorize people
after a residence of two years to vote, obtain, I
ask, will not the same influence be exerted to per-
mit a foreigner as soon as he lands on our shores
to take part in the politics of this country?
I stated when I rose, that my purpose was not
to discuss this question at length. I know that
the Senate arc impatient for a vote. I know,
from the indications of the vote just had, that the
amendment is to be rejected; and my purpose
was only to call attention to the fact that tlus is
the first time in the history of the Senate of the
United States, when this principle has been dis-
tinctly put to them, where they have disavowed
the principle involved in the amendment; and the
startling fact stares us in the face, that the Sen-
ate, this conservative branch of the Government,
is to be swayed and controlled by foreign influ-
ence.
SeveralSiiNATORs. "Question!" "Question!"
Mr. BROWN. I do not see that there is any
necessit y for the Senate being in a particular hurry
about taking this vote. I think the whole pro-
ceeding ought to be defeated, and when I think
that, I do not suppose there is any positive ne-
cessity for hurrying it to an affirmative conclu-
sion. Gentlemen need not manifest their restless-
ness; they need not clamor for the vote with the
expectation that those who arc opposed to this
measure are to be put down by clamor. Thanks
to the rules of the Senate, that is not admissible
here yet. I do not desire to delay the vote; let
it be had; let the decree go forth, and let those
who do the act be responsible for it. T, in every
manner, shape, and form in which I can present
the question, protest now, as heretofore, and as I
mean to do for all time to come, against this pro-
ceeding.
But my particular object in rising now is to
say a word in a reply to the senior Senator from
Tennessee, [Mr. Bell.] While he and I agree
that this amendment, moved by the Senator from
North Carolina, ought to be successful, he differs
with me as to the right of a State to admit unnat-
uralized foreigners to exercise the right of suf-
frage. If I have any clear and distinct conviction
on this subject at all, it is that among the reserved
rights of the States is that of regulating the right
of suffrage within their respectivelimits. For that
principle, against friends and against opponents,
I will stand up at all times and against all odds;
and 1 cannot, by my silence, allow it to be as-
sumed in any form that I yield the point that this
Federal Government has the remotest possible
right to go into a State and say who shall vote
and who shall not.
My friend from Missouri [Mr. Green] says,
sotto voce, that nobody assumes that. 1 under-
stood my friend from Tennessee, the other day,
to take the ground that I was wrong in my posi-
tion, and that the States had no right to allow
foreigners to vote within their limits. If he had
put himself on the ground that the States ought
not to exercise such a power, I should have gone
with him; for I reprobated the policy of States
permitting unnaturalized foreigners to. v.oia within,
their limits. What they have the ppivcr to do,,,
and what they ought to ao,are two very different-
propositions. I hold that the State of Tennessee*
has the unlimited and indisputable right to declare,
who shall vole for members of her State Legfe*
lature,and that there exists no power, outside of,
that State, to interfere with the exercise of that
right. Whoever votes for a member of the Legis-
lature, under the Constitution, may vote for, a
member of Congress or for presidential electors.
Congress has no authority to regulate the right
of suffrage in any manner, shape, or form within
the limits of a State; and if it had, I should pro-
test that the last vestige of State rights had been
surrendered. Whatare the reserved rights worth
to a State if that on which they all depend has.
been surrendered ? What are the rights of Ten-
nessee worth if the ballot-box, through whictf
they are to be defended, has been surrendered to
an outside power ? If this Federal Government,
let me say to my friend from Tennessee, may go
within the limits of his State, and determine who
shall vote and who shall not, then the rights of
his State become as sounding brass and as a
tinkling cymbal. You put them at the.mescy of
this Congress, which, except in a very small de-
gree, owes no sort of obedience to the will of a
single State.
Let me illustrate my view. If Congress have
the right to say who shall vote in the State of
Tennessee, or in the State of Mississippi, I dare
say that some of our friends on the other side—I
mean our Republican friends—would be very
willing to declare either that the owner of slaves
should not vote, or that the vote of the slave
should be equal to the vote of the master. I intro-
duce that simply by way of illustration, and cer-
tainly with no intention of stirring up-anybody
on the slavery question. In every point of view,
the position taken by my fnend from Tennessee
seems to me to be in the highest possible degree
objectionable.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. What position did
the honorable Senator understand me to take?
Mr. BROWN. I understood the honorable.
Senator from Tennessee to take the ground tfyat
my position, that a State had aright to admit for-
eigners to vote within her limits, was erroneous
under the Constitution, and that a State had no
such right. Then, if the State has not the right
to regulate the fjuestion as to who shall vote,
where does the right reside? It must cither be in
Congress or the State. There must be some re-
gulating power somewhere. It must be either in
the Federal or in the State government. I locate
it where I think the framers of the Constitution
left it—in the States, as among their reserved
rights. While I would reprobate in as strong
terms as any other Senator, the exercise of the
right of allowing an unnaturalized foreigner to
vote, I will, however, stand up and defend it as
among the reserved rights of the States. I mean
simply to be understood that it is a right—not a
right that I would exercise, not a right that any
State ought to exercise, but simply one of the
reserved rights of the States. If there is anything
made manifest in the Constitution, it is that the
States zealously and assiduously guarded them-
selves against all interference on the part of this
Government with the right of suffrage. There is
not a single line, word, or syllable, found upon
the broad traces of your Federal Constitution,
which confers on Congress any power over the
right of suffrage. You have not even the right to
say who shall vote for presidential electors; you
have not even the right to say who shall vote for
members of Congress The States, each within
its own limits, reserved to themselves the right to
control this matter, and very properly so, becausc
the right of suffrage lies at the foundation of
government. Whatever disturbs that right is
felt through every joint, vein, fiber, and tissue
of the whole political body. Tlifcy did well in
reserving this right to themselves-—reserving it in
all its magnitude and all its amplitude.
But, sir, the point before us now is not practi-
cally what you shall do in reference to the State
of Minnesota when she comes into the Union, but
who shall vote in the important matter of erect-
ing her into a State—of taking the incipient steps
towards making her a State of the Confederacy?
The proposition is, that we shall, by a direct
vote, declare it as the sensa of this body, that
