874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
unnaturalized foreigners shall vote—those who,
but a little while ago, came across the Atlantic
from far-off countries, where our Constitution and
our forms of government are unknown—where
they are written in an unknown language—where
the people are as profoundly ignorant of them as
our people are of the organic law and government
of China and Japan—those people thus coming
to us, having had no opportunity to study our
laws or the frame of our Government, or to read
our Constitution, not having sufficient intelligence
in reference to our language to understand that
which is said to them, or to convey the least idea
in relation to the smallest thing on earth in the
plain Saxon tongue. This proposition is to allow
such people, by a vote of this body, to take part
in the organization of a now State, and to say
whether two more votes shall be added to the
sixty-two now belonging to this body—whether
a thirty-second part of the power of this branch
of the National'Legislature shall be subjected to
the control of such a body of men. Against that
proposition I have heretofore entered, as I do now
enter, my most solemn protest. The Senate ought
not thus lightly to treat the sacred guarantees of
the Constitution. A State ought not thus lightly to
be brought into the sisterhood. Two more votes
under such instrumentality ought not to be placed
on this floor. The two votes of the good old
mother of States and of statesmen ought not to
be borne down by the votes of two others brought
here on such a basis. It is against this that I
protest to-day, saying, as I have said before, that
1 have no protest to utter against foreigners.
Mr. GREEN". With the indulgence of the
Senator, I will ask him one question. As it is
an admitted fact that each State can regulate the
elective franchise as it pleases, and as this hill
provides for butasmgle election, and as the qual-
ification proposes to bo fixed, harmonizes with
the organic law of the Territory under which they
have been acting, what, very serious harm can
grow out of it since the State, tin* moment si.e is
a State, (.an fix it as she pleases >
Mr. BROWN. ] suppose (he gentleman would
say on the same punciple, as Kansas has an un-
doubted constitutional right either to admit or
exclude slavery when she becomes a State, what
harm is there in Congress excluding it to-dav ?
There is the whole argument. We have heard
that same argument from the Republican side of
the Chamber, ever since I have had the honor of
a seat here. " Let us exclude it by order of Con-
gress, "say they, "and then allow the State to
reintroduce ltif the State chooses." So says the
gentleman from Missouri: "Let us allow these
oreigners to vote m the beginning, and let the
State take away the rightfrom them afterwards.
The gentleman will find it to be a rather difficult
operation to take it away from them after you have
once given them the power. Their demagogues
who lead these people up to the ballot-box will bo
very apt to induce them to vote in favor of putting
the government of the new State into the hands
of men who will protect them and their asso-
ciates. Apart from that, the ptoposition is wrong
in principle. The Senate ought not, in my judg-
ment, to give its sanction to the principle that
unnaturalized foreigners shall be allowed the right
of suffrage. 1 care not how it is to lesult, after
itisdone,whetherinfavor of one party o r another,
whether in favor of one principle or another; it
is wrong in itself. The Senate thought it was
wrong three days ago, and so declared. Some
strange phantasy has come over the spirit of our
dream. I do not care to criticise the matter any
further, my special object having been to set my-
self right with my friend from Tennessee.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. \ beg leave to say
a few words m reply to the honorable Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown.] Although when
called upon to state my proposition, he limited it
to the terms winch I employed, yet m the course
of his argument he followed the example of the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Duuglas,] and the
Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Touchy,] in as-
suming that I had asserted the power of Congress
to interfere with the States in fixing the qualifica-
tions of voters or electors. The burden of the
argument of that Senator, as well as of the othcro,
was, that this was my position, and that it would
operate to the utter destruction of the sovereign
rights of the States. They havt. contended that
wuhin their respective limits the States have an
fi
absolute and uncontrolled right to prescribe the
qualifications of electors, and that Congress can-
not interfere with them. They proceeded to show
to what a dangerous extent the doctrine advanced
by me would limit the States in the exercise of
their constitutional rights. They say it would
deprive the States of every vestige of separate,
independent, sovereignty.
Sir, my proposition was not that Congress
could interfere by any law to fix the qualifica-
tions of voters in the States of the Union, but
simply that no State had a constitutional right to
admit aliens to the right of suffrage within its
limits, after Congress exercised the power given
to it by the Constitution of prescribing a uniform
rule by which foreigners might become citizens
of the United States. I understood my friend
from North Carolina [Mr. Biggs] to agree with
the Senator from Mississippi. I must say to them !
that they seem to me to be straining at a gnat and
swallowing a camel, where they insist that none
but citizens shall vote in Minnesota while a Ter-
ritory, yet admit that as soon as it becomes a
State it can admit aliens to the right of suffrage.
They admit the right of the States to allow for-
eigners, not naturalized, to vote. What great
inconvenience, what great violation of the rights
of the other States of the Union, particularly in
reference to the Territory of Minnesota, would
result, if we were to allow aliens to vote for del-
egates to frame a State constitution, when it is
admitted that the new State, as soon as it comes
into existence vmay change its Legislature, make
citizens of every alien within its limits, and con-
fer upon them the highest political privilege—the
uciit of suffrage; and thus reverse any decision
of Congress denying the right of suffrage to aliens
while inhabitants of the Territory, and allowing
the same class, though five hundred thousand, if
so many there should be within its limits, to be-
come electors, and, to that extent, control this
Government? My proposition is, that a State
has no light to do this. I said on Saturday that
I thought this question, if confined to aTerntory,
was of very little consequence; and I f-'it but very
little concern whether you denied tins pimle<re
in Minnesota or not. True, the formation of a
State constitution is an act of greater solem-
nity, and greater importance, than ordinary acts
of legislation; hut the right of voting for such a
purpose is a transient right—it perishes with the
use. Gentlemen who insist upon the restriction
in that Territory, yet contend that the State, as
soon as formed, possesses the power, the mo-
ment after its oiganizution, to admit, every alien
within its limits to vote in all elections. If this
be the true doctrine, 1 say the question now pre-
sented is of but little importance. The import-
ant question is as to the power of the States.
There may be other Territories m relation to
1 which this question would be more important,
j in the only case which has arisen, or is likely to
i arise very soon^where it is important—I mean in
S the Territory of Kansas—that right has been con-
i cedcd by Congress. That is past. That is a case
! in which it might be material; but in regard to
Minnesota, and the Terntoncs of the Northwest,
it is not of the slightest importance whether you
admit or deny the right, except so far as it tends
to establish the principle contended for by the
Senator from Mississippi, the Senator from Con-
necticut, and the Senator from North Carolina—
I that a State has the power to admit aliens to the
. right of suffrage. 1 oppose the grant of the elect-
; ive franchise to aliens in Minnesota on the ground
| that if y*u concede it in this instance, it is one
! step taken towards the acknowledgment of the
• power contended for in the States.
i t wish to putan inquiry to my friend from Mis-
sissippi. Does he admit that the Legislatures of
1 the States on the borders of Canada have the con-
; stitutionalnghttoadmitas voters,notonlyin their
ordinary State elections, but m the election of
| members of Congress, and m the choice of elect-
. ors of Piesiderit and Vice President, the inhabit-
ij ants of Canada, simply on the condition that
;; they shall be ot the trouble of stepping over the
!| Canada line and becoming residents within these
ij States one clay, or five days, or, if you please, one
Jjhour? it is not likely that the practice would
|j ever be carried to such extremes; but the principle
ij contended for by the honorable Senator goes to
!j that extent—that the inhabitants of Canada, sub-
ejects of the Crown of Great Britain, owing alle-
! giance to the Crown of Great Britian, could be
i constitutionally admitted to the right of suffrage
; by the States bordering on Canada, and thus to
j control the result of all elections in those States,
; and, it might be, the election of a President of the
. United States. Does the Senator from Missis-
i sippi contend that those States have such a power?
; Does he go the length of holding that the State
i of Texa£"could have the same power as to the
i Mexicans, whether of the Spanish or Indian race,
I south and west of the Rio Grande? Could Texas
j allow the inhabitants of Mexico to present them-
] selves at the polls and exercise within its limits
i the highest right of American citizens—the elec-
| tive frachise—and control the elections in that
: State ? Does he mean to go the length of saying
j that Florida, or Louisiana, or Georgia, or South
l Carolina, could import cargoes of free colored in-
1 habitants, or, to use the language of the Senator
from Illinois the other day,./Wc negroes, from Ja-
| maica and the other British islands, and admit
i them to the right of suffrage within those States?
j To these results the principles avowed by the
i Senatorfrom Mississippi undoubtedly lead. Elec-
| tions in this country are often very close and
I hotly contested between contending parties. The
| tremendous power and patronage of the Executive
i of the United States, already great, and growing
! every year in a ratio calculated to create appre-
| hensions in the minds of the best and most en-
l lightened citizens, pi esentapowerful temptation to
i the greatest irregularities and the grossest abuses
; in the States of the power to extend the right of
| suffrage,in contempt of the limitation imposed by
J the Constitution in regard to aliens. The time
i may come when the States on the borders of Can-
| ada and on the borders of the Rio Grande may
I be tempted to exercise this power and let in for-
eigners to control the policy and action of the
! Government of the United States, and even to
1 unsettle the first principles upon which our sys-
I tem was founded.
II These are the points on which I urged the im-
Sj portance of the question as to the right of the
|i States to fix the Qualification of voting for for-
j! eigners independently of the authority of Con-
ij gross, under the Constitution, to prescribe the
; rule by which foreigners could become citizens.
j By whom was the Constitution formed? By
I aliens? Who were the people of the United States
j reierred to in the preamble of the Constitution?
! Who are the people of the State of my honorable
; fiicnd from Mississippi? Who are the jiopulus
I Uoinanus, who are the quirites, whom the Consti-
tution recognizes as the real sovereigns in this
country' Were the hundreds of thousands of
aliens and foreigners, who resorted to Rome for
employment or pleasure, a part of the people of
Rome? They were never regarded as constitu-
ting any portion of the Roman people. They
were not addressed when the populus Romanus,
or quirites, were appealed to. So I say it is here.
The ''people of the United States" are the citi-
zens of the United States.
The Senator from Mississippi supposes that I
am contending for a proposition which trenches
on the sovereign and absolute right of the States
; to fix the qualification of voters. I will further
'■ \ explain what I contend for. When I spoke the
j other day on this subject, I referred to the clause
; of the Constitution which provides that electors
j for members of the House of Representatives of
II Congress shall have the same qualifications which
j! are required in each State for the electors of the
Ij most numeious branch of the State Legislature,
jl What is that? It recognizcs the power of the
ji States to settle the qualifications for themselves,
j! It recognizes their power to authorize women of
!; every age, whether minors or not, as well as men,
j; to vote, It recognizes their power to admit free
i: negroes, if you please, to use the term of the
; Senator from Illinois. If the States think proper,
j] they can do it. It recognizes the power of a
j State to admit minors of fifteen years of age, or
twelve years of age, if they think proper, to be
i electors for the most numerous branch of the
I: Legislature. It authorizes them further to cx-
:: elude from the right of suffrage every man or
!. woman who is not a property-holder. It recog-
ii nizes the power of the States, uncontrolled by
il Congress, as they are uncontrolled by the Con-
stitution, to say that none but land-holders shall
i; be allowed to vote for representatives m the most
!i numerous branch of their own Legislature.
