1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
875
I have claimed no such power in Congress as
that of prescribing the qualifications of voters in
the States. What I do claim is, that the electors
alluded to by the second section of the first arti-
cle of the Constitution, whatever may be their
qualifications in other respects, shall at all events
be citizens of the United States. Although I do
not deny the right of the States to fix the quali-
fications for themselves, I say that there is a
limitation to that power in the States provided in
the Constitution, and that is that none but citizens
of the United States shall be such electors. That
is the national and true construction of that clause
of the Constitution which gives to the States the
power to picscribe the qualifications of electors.
It is the only true and national construction of
that clause, that the electors alluded to in that
clause should be a part of the populus Amtricanus,
a portion of the recognized people of this country,
citizens of the United States. With that limita-
tion there is an absolute power of the States rec-
ognized in this clause of the Constitution.
But, sir, the Constitution of the United States
goes on to provide, that Congress shall have
power to pass a uniform rule of naturalization.
What did they do? It cannot be said that this
is a subject which the framers of the organic legis-
lation of the United States, under the Constitu-
tion, thought of so little consequence, that they
could postpone the exercise of this power. They
felt that the importance and necessity of it was
so pressing, that the very year after the Govern-
ment was organized under the Constitution, they
proceeded to pass a naturalization law, in the fol-
lowing words:
"That any alien, being a free white person, who shall
have resided within the faints, and under the jurisdiction
of the United States for a term of two vears, may be ad-
mitted 'o become a citizen thereof, on application to any
common-law eouit of record in any one of the Stales,
wherein he shall have ie«uled foi tin1 term of one year at
least, on making proof to the satisfaction of Midi court that
lie is a person ot good character, and taking the oath or
affirmation prescribed by law to support the Constitution
of tlie United States, winch oath or affirmation said court
shall administer. The clerk of such court shall recoidsuch
application, and the proceedings thereon, whereupon such
person shall be consideiedas a citizen of the United States."
This law was passed in 1790 as soon as it was
in the power of the organizing Congress, under
the Constitution, to reach the point. It was only
second to the more important business of or-
ganizing the executive Government in its various
departments. This, then, was the standard of
citizenship—nativity, or two years' residence of a
foreigner, and conforming to the requisites of this
law of 1790. What I contended for was, that
sincc Congress had passed a uniform naturaliza-
tion law under the Constitution, any State which
recognized as citizens aliens not naturalized, had ;
acted in violation of the Constitution of the United j
States; and those who practice it at this day are j
practicing it under a usurped authority on the j
part of those States. ■
In 1795 Congress passed another act upon this -
subject, prescribing a different rule from that es-
tablished by the act of 3790; and the first clause
of the first section of the act of 1795 is in these
words:
"Beit enacted, fyc., That any alien, being a free white
person, may be admitted to become a citizen of the United
States, or any of them, on the following conditions, and not
otherwise."
The honorable Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] said yesterday that it was the practice
of our ancestors to allow aliens, or foreigners not
naturalized, to exercise the right of suffrage in
elections. I shall not detain the Senate by en-
tering into an argument in detail on that point,
but I desire to state in the same general terms
employed by that Senator, that such has not been
the practice of our ancestors, and that such is not
the history of the country. It was not the prac-
tice of our fathers. The admission of aliens to
the right of suffrage was not one of those princi-
ples under which, as he said, we have grown and
prospered and become a great nation. At an
early period the policy of the Government was
to interpose but few obstructions to the acquisi-
tion of the rights and privileges of citizenship by
aliens or foreigners, and to hold out all reason-
able inducements to immigration. There were
no evils flowing from that liberal policy at that
time. There were no abuses growing out of that
policy;. Immigration then was tardy. The same
great inducements were not held out that are held
out now. I have before read the first act of Con-
gress fixing the rule of*naturalization. It was
two years'residence, and proof of good character
in a court of record, and requiring the applicant
for citizenship to take an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States. Iam referred,
on the other side, to the fact that the State of
Virginia allowed foreigners to vote. The State
of Virginia never did contain, and does not now
contain, all the fathers of the country. As was
stated by a Senator from Virginia the other day,
[Mr. Hunger,] her law was very stringent on
this subject; but however stringent it may be, I
say any law of a State, passed subsequent to the
act of 1790, authorizing foreigners to vote who
had not become citizens according to the rule
prescribed by Congress, was in violation of the
Constitution.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to correct the Senator
in a statement. He does not distinguish between
the right of suffrage and citizenship. I made no
observation as to the early history of our fathers
in making citizens, but the point which I took
was that, by the ordinance of 1787, which was
extended to all the Northwest, and subsequently
to Tennessee and all the Southwest, in the terri-
torial governments, and in bringing them into the
Union, other than citizens were"allowed to vote;
not that a different rule was made as to citizens,
but that other persons than citizens were per-
mitted to exercise the elective franchise. That
is the point which I said was established by our
early history.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The honorable Sen-
ator referred to the ordinance of 3787; but he
widened the proposition, as I understood him,
and assumed that the policy of admitting aliens
j to the right of suffrage w&s the practice of our
j fathers, and that we had grown to be a gaeat and
prosperous people under it. He does not contend
now,that, within the States originally, these priv-
ileges were allowed to any other persons than cit-
izens, but he says that in the Territories, under
the ordinance of 1787, they were allowed to others.
That is now his whole ground. Whatever the
construction of that ordinance may be, H does not
settle the question of the principle, the practice,
and the policy of this Government in reiafion to
aliens subsequent to 1790. Between the periods
of 1790 and 1637, the question of the power of the
States to recognize aliens not naturalized within
theirlimitsas citizens, and to confer upon them the
right of suffrage, was never seriously made; nor
was such a power exercised by any State, unless
it may have been done in Virginia; and I am not
informed that Virginia assumed this position after
the act of Congress of 1790. There is a great
interval of time between 1790 and 1837—I might
say bet worn the date of the ordinance of 3 787 and
the year 3837. During the long interval between
1790 and 1837, Congress recognized no right in
the alien or foreigner, not naturalized, to assume,
or be admitted to, the rights of citizens of the
United States, even in the Territories.
Now, sir, as to the ordinance of 1787, relied
upon by the Senator from Georgia as the ground
upon which he stated that the practice of our
fathers had been in conformity with the privilege
claimed for aliens in ihe Territory of Minnesota.
That ordinance was adopted at a period after the
close of the revolutionary war, when there was
no great importance in the question as to the
policy of allowing aliens to vote m elections.
Those who came to this country during the rev-
olutionary war, and resided with us, were re-
garded as citizens, and some of them took part
in the war. Some bore an energetic and brave
part in securing the independence of the United
Colonies, and the ordinance of 1787 included them
as a part of thp people of the United States, as
the people entitled to have a voice in the estab-
lishment of the Government and the control of
the policy of the Government Even at that early
day, however, the framers of the Constitution
saw the necessity of having some uniform rule on
this question, and depriving the States of the
power of making citizens of aliens or foreigners
at their unrestrained and unlimited discretion,
and they gave the power to Congress to regulate
the subject.
From that period down to 1836 or 1837, I re-
member or can find no trace in the legislation of
Congress recognizing the right of aliens to vote
either in State** or Territories, unless it be in
extending the provisions of the ordinance of 3787
over the territory south and west of the river
Ohio. The Senator from Georgia and other®
contend that that ordinance contains an express
recognition of the right of foreigners to vote. Let
us see on what ground that position stands.
What was the condition of the Northwest Ter-
ritory at the time the ordinance was passed ? It
was, as a general proposition, one wide wilder-
ness. It was the policy of the Government to
encourage settlement of it as rapidly as possible,
with .a view to get a market for the public domain
of the country, by which it was expected to
relieve the States from the burden of the public
debt, then pressing heavily on them. Under
such circumstances Congress, of course, went to
the utmost limit that it was deemed expedient and
prudent to go, in extending the privileges of citi-
zenship to aliens. The French had several small
settlements in that Territory. They had estab-
lished several trading posts there, before Great
Britain acquired the sovereignty of the country.
Several of these villages existed in that Territory
in 1787. The rights of property of these inhab-
itants of these villages were recognized and pro-
tected by the United States under the Confedera-
tion, and at the date of the ordinance of 1787,
They had never been residents, much less cfti—
zens, of any of the States, or any of the colonies
out of which the States were formed; but they
were inhabitants of the Territory at the period of
its conquest, during the revolutionary war, and
by public law all those continuing to reside in it
and receive the protection of the United States,
ow^ed allegiance to it, and might well be regarded
as citizens of the United States. They were na-
tives of the Territory—they had been born on the
soil—and could not, then, be regarded as aliens or
foreigners, though never having been citizens of
any of the States. But, even with all these claims
to be allowed the privileges of citizens of the
States, let us see with what caution the authors
of the ordinance of 1787 admitted them to the
enjoyment of the great privilege of citizens of the
United States—the elective franchise.
The clause of that ordinance having a bearing1
on this question, is in these words:
« provided, That no pe^on be eligible or qualified to act
a> a Representative, unless he shall have been a citizen of
one of the United States three years, and be a resident of
tlie district, or unless he shall have refcided in the dtstrict
three yearn, and In cither ease shall likewise hold in his own
light, m fee simple, two hundred acres of land within the
same: Provided also, That a freehold in fifty acres of land
m the di^tiiet. having been a citizen of one of theritates,
and being resident in the distnct, or the hke freehold, and
two jears' residence m the district, shall be necessary to
qualify a man as an elector of a Representative."
v
Thus stringent and particular were the framers
of the ordinance of 1787 in restricting the right
of suffrage in territorial elections. 'The French
inhabitants of the Territory, though they were
natives, born in the Territory, and some of them
owners of portions of its soil, were not allowed
to vote without a property qualification and two
years5 residence in the district in which he claimcd
to vote.
I have already stated that the first occasion
when this question of the power of the States to
admit aliens to vote was seriously made was in
3836 or in 1837, when the constitution of Michi-
gan was presented to Congress, and that State
was admitted into the Union. At that time there
was a most excited party contest, and great heat
was exhibited in the House of Representatives.
There were many questions pressing upon the
consideration of that body. It was felt to be a
grievance to allow unnaturalized foreigners to
vote, it was felt to be a policy ingrafted upon
the constitution of Michigan for the purpose of
maintaining the control of a particular party in
the future politics of that State; anduponsound
principle the admission of Michigan into the
Union, with a clause granting the elective fran-
chise to aliens or foreigners not naturalized, is
entitled to no weight in deciding this question.
In proof of this, 1 refer to the act of Congress
to organize the Territory of Wisconsin, passed
in 1836, just before the admission of Michigan
into the Union. By that act the right of suffrage
was expressly restricted to citizens of tlie United
States. This fact shows plainly enough that the
admission of Michigan into the tJnion with a con-
stitution recognizing the right of aliens to vote,
ought not to have any influence upon this ques-
