876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
| I took any part in it, was conducted upon very
! different grounds. I assert again, that the elec-
tion turned, in the section of country from which I
I come, upon wholly different grounds from that '
suggested by the Senator from Geoigia. If I were
to say, m a few words, what was the real point
that controlled the election in one of the States
, at least, although undoubtedly there were other
questions, I would say it was that dark cloud
which lowered over the northern horizon. The
champions of Democracy and some distinguished
old-line Whigs never ceased to point to that dark
i cloud, and affirmed that the only course of salva-
! tion for the South was to elect Mr. Buchanan,
j They told the people that the choice of the south-
i Ci-n opposition to Mr. Buchanan, Mr. Fillmore,
| had no possible chance of election. The people
j were appealed to to support Mr. Buchanan if
j they wished to save the Union. Some affirmed
! that it would inevitably be dissolved forthwith if
| Mr. Fremont weie elected; and others said that
! Ins election would tend to a dissolution. If Mr.
| Buchanan was notclected, the consequence would
] he the absolute destruction of southern institutions,
it was on that ground that the election turned,
and not on the light of aliens to vote, which the
honotable Senator from Georgia regards as settled
by the results of-the election. 1 have no right to
i deny that this was the ground in Georgia. The
| election there may have turned on the question of
I alien suffrage in Kansas.
I find that some fiieiul has advised me by a note
that the States have a n^ht to allow Indians within
their limits oi on then borders to vote; of course,
if the doctrine contended for as to the power of
the States over tins subject ho the true doctrine,
Indians are not foreigners in the States m which
they ieside, in the same sense in which that term
is applied to the subjects of foreign States; but
,| the States have the same light and power to por-
tion. In fact, the act admitting Michigan into-
the Union may be said to have been forced
through Congress.
So I say the doctrine of the power of the States
over tins subject, as now asserted, has never been
established, nor was it the doctrine or practice
of our fathers. I dare say that but for the great
number of emigrants, from year to year, landing
upon our shores from foreign nations, this ques-
tion might not have been considered a very im-
portant or serious one now; but it has bccome
impoitant. I admit that we have no right, by
acts of Congress, to say to a State that she shall
not allow aliens to exorcise the right of suffrage
within her limits; and I am asked what mode I
propose to adopt to prevent the States from ex-
orcising a power which is forbidden by the Con-
stitution? This is a question calling for grave
consideration; and the only reply I can make to
it is, that our whole complex system of Govern-
ment exists, and can only contmuc to exist, upon
the hypothesis that every State in the Union will
conform to the fundamental and vital provisions
of the Constitution. "Whenever they shall throw
aside and trample upon those provisions, the
TTnion isat an end. I say to my southern friends
who have taken the opposite side of this question,
that you have, by giving your sanction to this
new doctrine as to the power of the States over
this subject, allowing each Sta'e^to exercise its
discretion as to how far it wj!1 obey the plain
provisions and meaning of the Constitution, you
have, as far as you can, by the expression of
your opinion, given countenancc to evasions and
perversions of the Constitution by the Slates,
which will be fatal to their own vital interests.
The question of the power of the States over
this subject is a fundamental and vital one. It
is the question whether this Government is to be
contiolled by those who not only owe no alle- ,,
giancc to it, but who may have no inteiesl in its jj mit the Indians on their borders to exercise the
1 ught of suffrage that they have to admit alien
; white voters to tin ( iqoyment of that piivilegc.
The ri eat y-niaki!):," power, and the treaties made
under it, h.ive be m i eiei red to as an .uU horit y for
the exeieise of the power by the States fo admit
aliens to vote in eld tions. The. treaty-making
power, it is r>aui,luH n<> limitation, except when
it is attempted to disregard the express inhibi-
tions of the Constitution. The aigument of the
honorable Senator from New York [Mr. Sew-
aud] the other day was, that the moment Louis-
iana was admitted, all lestuctions upon the power
ot the Siatt s to admit aliens to the right of suf-
frage were lemoved. She came in under the
tieaty-making power; but the constitutional au-
ihoiUy of the Government to annex Louisiana
by treaty was questioned, or rather denied, by
the very author of that treaty, Mr. Jefferson. It
has been acquiesced in ever since, from a sort
of necessity, by the orthodox statesmen of the
eountiy, or those who) claim to he tie* only tiue
expounded of it. Tims it is clear, that "those
\vho now ciemn the power in the States to admit
aliens to citizenship or the right of sufftage, can
d.'uve no support from the violation of the Con-
stitution, practiced in the annexation of territory
not within the sovereignty of the United States
when the Constitution was adopted.
I am sorry to have detained the Senate so long
on this subject.
Mr. hROWN. I have no idea of protracting
the debate, for I am satisfied the bill will be
: passed; but tlv re is a point made by the Senator
; from Tennessee which, in justice to myself, I
I cannot pass without notice. I say to the friends
j of the biii that, having fought it as long as I think
| there is any propriety m doing so, I am willing
1 to let it pass, if there be a majority for it.
| The Senator from Tennessee asks me, as an
j extreme proposition, whether I think the State of
I New York would have the light to allow the bor-
| dering people of Canada to come into the State
| and vote at the elections; and whether I think
' the people of Florida have the power to allow
| Cuban?, or Tcxans, the people fiorn Mexico, to
i vote, and so on, putting these extreme proposi-
tions tome? I will not be frightened from my
i propriety by such propositions. I say emphat-
to vote in Kansas. I know that it was protested ji icaliy, that, in my opinion, they would have the
against, but not by me, on the hustings. Al-i( right.
though that was an argument worthy of grave jj Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Do you not sup-
consideration, and might well be objected to by U pose a good many come over from Canada?
the people of the Souths the canvass, so far as !} Mr ..BROWN". Hear me through. The States
successful operation. The point is, whether any
State, or any number of States, can confer the ,
light of suffrage on aliens who have never n-J
nouneed their alii gi.i nee to a fuiejgn Power, and ,
enable ihem, to (he extent of their numbers and !
influence, to modify our institutions, to control or '
unsettle our established policy,and set at naught !
its vital principles. Gentlemen initiate a coutse j
of policy winch may load to all these resuks. ;
They bay that tin: policy of allowing lorcigners j
to vote has been acquiesced in. So have many !
other things been acquiesced in which weie felt,
to be so gn at a wound indicted on the Const tui-
tion, that you must have felt hound to right it.
You held that unless that was done there could
he no security that the p-uaiante(s of the Consti-
tution would bo observed in the piactiee of this
Government m futme. Acquiescence under sin h
circumstances as ihc-e in regard to the alien suf-
frage can only be said to date back to ISjG or
2831 ut the furthest, and then only tolerated in
two Sta'es. Now it is contended thai the prac-
tice of these two States, running back no further
than 3b37, ^ives a prescriptive ri;;ht to all the
St;ites to violate the Constitu Hon i n the same way.
The honorable Senator from Georgia asserted
that this question of the right of aliens to vote
in elections had been settled by the late election
I understood him to say that the nghtwhich had
been conceded to aliens in the Territory of Kan-
sas was canvassed, protested against, and made
not only the main point, but the only point, of
opposition to the Kansas-Nebraska act in the
South. I do not mean to go into the aigument
of that question. I wish merely to notice the
general tweeping statements ot the honorable
Senator, that that was the only question m the
late election in the South, and that the people of
ihe South hud been in favor of this principle of
•the Kansas-Nebraska bill. It is not for me to
say how the canvass may have been conducted
in'Georgia, Alabama, South Carolina, or Missis-
sippi, ibi { have no peisonal knowledge of what
transpired there, but the honorable Senator is
mueh mistaken as to the grounds on which the
election m that part of the South west in which I
res;de turned. I am not prepared to deny that
in Tennessee no one vindicated the right of aliens
reserved to themselves the right to fix the quali-
fications of voters. It would be monstrous mad-
ness, and would violate the judgment of all the
other States, if they did what the Senator sup-
poses. No man in the beginning contemplated
that a State was going deliberately to commit sui-
cide. Suppose I ask the gentleman if he has the
right to walk upon the banks of the canal or the
Potomac, whether he has not the power to throw
himself in and drown himself? Unquestionably;
but that does not show that he ought not to be
allowed to watk there. A State may commit
suicide if it chooses; so may an individual; but
it does not affect the mere question of power.
I ask my friend from Tennessee, in reply, this
question: Suppose New York shall choose to
allow the Canadians to come in and vote: what
will my friend, as a Teunesseean, do about it?
What power have you over the question? You
may say that it is wrong. So do I. We both pro-
test against it, but not being citizens of the State,
we have no power over the question. What is
to be done ? If New York thinks proper to com-
mit political suicide, I hold that I have no power
to prevent it, she being a sovereign; and I have no
more control over her action in that respect than
over the action of the Gtueen of Great Britain or
' the Emperor of the French. She is sovereign
'] within her limits; and though I might advise dif-
i ferently, though I might think it very wrong,
; though I might think it very unjust towards the
J othci States, though I might think that a State
i which had given up a republican form of gov-
: eminent had already quU the Union, yet if the
j chooses to do it, I, as a Mmissippian, have no
; right to say she shall not do it; and now I ask
i my friend if he docs not think so?
1 Mr. HELL, of Tennessee. I ask my friend if
i lv supposes I would have a right to drag him in
j if I wen* to go into the canal, as he puts the case?
; Mr. BROWN. New York has not a right to
j pull in Tennessee.
: Mr. I3ELL, of Tennessee. What does the
i Senator moan by the political suicide of a State?
; The next Legislature might repeal the law author-
, i/ing such votes, and r store herself; but there
j would he no suicide. She might accomplish the
[! purpose; she might acquire control over the coun-
i; try by it. I did not put the case invidiously in
i; regard to New York, but I spoke ot all the States
ij on the border, particularly Texas, m reference to
jj the power they might exercise. The honorable
jj Senator cannot escape fiom the aigument. He
j asks what could we do. We could protest against
j it. A question might be raised, and it may come
[ to that in the end, some time or other, in the
i, Mouse of Hopi esentatives of the United States, m
j" counting the votes of electors for President. The
i; representatives of the free citizens of the United
ji States and naturalized foreigners together may rise
;! up and say: We will not submit to a decision
of this Kind when we have proofs offered us, and
in the face of the fact that the vote in these north-
ern States have turned on votes biought over fi om
the frontiers.J' That is where the question may
arise; and in contested elections m the House of
Representatives it might arise. It is a bad ques-
tion m either of these contingencies to which 1
have alluded to bring before the House of Rep-
i resentatives. If an election of President of the
1 United States were carried by such a suicidal
; policy, if you please so to call it, for the time
' bemg, to the party that exercised such a power
j in the State of New York, for instance, or any
j other, do you suppose the freemen of the other
! States would agree that a man who was chosen
| by electors elected upon such votes as those, au-
thorized by the Legislature of a State, should be
i allowed to rule over this Government and preside
; m the executive chair of the United States? It
' may becomc a question of great importance.
The Senator talks about a suicidal policy. I
suppose he alludes to a party, because a State
could not destroy itself by any such act. She
would still be a member of the Union, and still
authorized to exercise all the constitutional priv-
ileges of a State in the Union. I suppose ho
means the party who would resort to such a
measure as that for securing a triumph in an elec-
tion would be committing suicide. There might,
however, be such a deep sentiment in a State that
there would be no probability of reversing it at
any future time. Would he submit to an election
carried in that way > /
