880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February -25.
The Senator from Louisiana said these mes- ij at that session which should be devoted to wind-
gages would go to France. How do we know
that? Have wo put that into the bill? I ask the
Senator, liaje you secured anything by this bill
except the privilege, if you get your message to
Newfoundland, that you may get it as far as Ire-
land. Tiie&VnatorfromMaryland, [Mr.PEAP.cn,]
not. now m his seat, and I regret his absence, de-
monstrated the impossibility of this means of
communication ever being used for diplomatic
purposes.
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden]
suggests to me that these gentlemen might sell.the
whole contract in the market to-morrow. How
much does the $70,000 annually from each Gov-
ernment amount to in twenty-five yeais ? It rises
above three millions of money. Here arc Sen-
ators all around me whose States are engaged in !
the construction of raitmads. Did ever a great '
enterprise fail for the lack of a million of money? j
Have any of the railroads in the State of Massa- ,
chusetts, from the city of Boston to some county ;
town, ever, for the lack of a million of dollars, :
come knocking at the doors of the Congress of |
the United States for aid ^ Never. Has the gmit j
enterprise that connects the ciiy of St. Louis Willi
the city of Cincinnati, which has cost thrice a J
million of dollars and more, come here to say, |
" This will fail if yon do not assist it''' j
The mere fact stated, that a million of money
will buy this cable, and yet that these gentlemen
come to us and to the British Government, and
ask us to guaranty them against loss, shows that
they have no confidence whatever m the scheme.
They wish to make the loss ours in the case of
failure, and the profit theirs in the case of success.
A great deal has been said of the amount of money
you gave Professor Worse to teat the piacticabii-
Jty of his telegraph. How much did you i!;ivo
him ? Some Senator told us it was <5,000. I do
not know what it was. Is there any comparison
between that and the gift of $70,000 for twenty-
five years, through all accidents ? The <>rea' tax-
paying people of tho United Slates—(be a^i iculiu-
rists, who attend to then* own employment, who
realize theii own profits, who noproorjate tlmm
to thr purposes of thru own families, aie to he
taxed forsooth, J.-m the Newfoundland, .New
York, and London Telegraph Company should
lone money in attending to its own bmune^s.
^consider this question a point that, should
divide those who are tho friends of the true doc-
trine of the Federal Government, as f understand
it, and those who are in favor of a consolidation
ot this Government. Y\ here did we obtain the
power to vote this appropimtion moiely because
it is lor a gi rat eniei prise ' The Constitution has
said thut we may secun to unentois the e\:ohi-
jsivo right to their own machines or invention
during u certain number of years, That is the
beginning and end of our patronage on that sub-
ject, Wo have no light to appropriate nnm< v
to enable men to test their inventions or their !
schemes. We have no right to guaranty them
against losses in then* enterpiises.
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Foot] spoke :
of theunpoitance of tho steamboat. What would j
the counuy west ot tho .Alleghany ?vlouinams be :
to-day but lor the genius ol Robert Fulton ' How :
much did this Government over appropriate to
Hobort Fulton to Test his enterprises ^ Not a shil- i
Img. There is no argument made for this meas-
ure—there can be none suggested that is rot just •
f'.s to warrant'an appropriation of* pub- „
lie money to bmld every linn of telegraph in the i
Tunted dmtcs, to bmld every nuiroad in the Um- i
tci suites, and to construct every steamboat that '
floats ci'hcv on the ocean or on a river. !
Mr. LOO 1 . I am prepaied now to state to the
Senator tl
ing up the business of this Congress—they arc
to come here after the middle of the session to
thrust their propositions before our faces, and to
push a bill through both branches of Congress,
which, when H comes to be examined, with ail its
conditions, has omitted th^essential requisite that
we shall know when the time comes to exercise
the beneficial provision stipulated in our favor.
I thank the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Iyer-
son] for exposing this defect in the scheme, for
there might have been some deception practiced;
it might have been said to the people with some
plausibility, that Congress could revoke it at the
end of ten years; that Congress would reduce the
appropriation when the profits rose above six per
cent. But if the Senate shall now vote down that
which is essential to enable us to exercise any
rights reserved to us in the contract, we shall
have delivered the Treasury over to this corpora-
tion, and we shall be trusting to the honor of men
who are interested at the rate of $20,000 a year
not to tell us the truth. That is too strong a
temptation; it is more than can be expected.
i do not know that this measure can be defeated.
I have scaicely a hope of it; but it does seem to
mi—I mean no offense to Senators who dnTer
from me in opinion, certainly as honest as I can
claim to be—they have not considered in their
own mind the magnitude of the proposition upon
win ch they are about to embark and on which they
mo about to emhaik this Government. What
hav we learned from these things? We have
terminated the Collins contract, and \vhy? It was
introduced with just such auspices as this. Ap-
peals wen? made to our pride, to our love of nu-
piovemeut; and after we lmd given ourselves nito
the hands oi'that company wc were compelled by
an act of Congress, passed by trcmt ndous major-
izes in both brandies, to r-'voke it m pursuance
of a ripdu reserved; and we an; hardly out of that
expei lment before we are asked to begin another.
We are told that these corporators aie Ameri-
can c111/'111s, So wei e the corporators of t he Col-
| bus line, but they very scon found if. to tlvir
aiH.'t",e to teuninnte it; and bv the tine the
l! notice won ^iwi to terminate it, i beiie\e almost
bail the .-stork belonged to lh"itish subjects; J uas
:] so told. You have no security that 'he .stock of
j tin-: company will not, eveiy dollar of it, be sold
! to lint i;h subjects twenty-i'onr hours after your
i hdl shall have, been passed. Let us have done
| with the argument that these men are American
| cit./eus. They began badly for American euu
; /ens. They did not come to us li rst. They went
1 to the Ih Kish Government first; and they obtained
i from the British Government those securities
! wnieh they t bought weto desirable; and now they
i m;k im merely to say amen to what the Briti.sh
j Gp\ernment have determined.
| Sir, in my judgment, and i say again, without
; meamiiir any disrespect to otneis, it is a fatal
! pioposMion. From this time henceforth, when
; ony man shall approach Congress, when he Mia 11
| say, " I have made a valuable invention; 1 have
! discovcicd some new application of mechanics; 1
; have some new scheme that will be for tho benefit
; of the human race, either to assuage pam or pre-
j vuU disease, or pioniote the material improve-
, nifiit of the country,M he will call on those Sen-
| ators, on the aigumonts they have made m this
; case, and we shall be, voting money, not for auv
of the specified purposes ot this Government, but
to dispense largesses and favors to a particular
i expect no benefit to my constituents from this
work: on the contrary, i believe it a scheme to
subject the greaugricultural interests of tho South
^ t ,o ,, and West to the couliol of the stock-iobbcrs and
cnator that tne F-um o^J0,000 was voted by \\ produce-jobbers m Wall street, in the city of New
ongKjys to enable I roiessor Morse to test In* •> York. } cannot see that it will be of any benefit
tclc^rajj)CtW(mi this city and Baltimore. to _ Still 1 have no objection to commerce
:j extending her facilities according to any piopcr
,! and honest development of them by ht r ownVe-
^'sources, by her own enterprise, to Ireland, to
Air. fCGH. i will take it just so: £30,000 to
t^st the practicabiiify of a. telegraph from here to
Balfimote. it verities the old adage, that if you
give'an inch they will take an ell. Having an-'
propriated £30,000 to him, that bad procrdent is |
made a pretext for giving ^70,000 a yeaa- for '
twcnfy-tive years to this company. So it goes I
on inan one step to another—from one proposi- 1
lion to another; everything is to be drawn within |
the vortex of this Government. The interests of i
companies are to come up; and gentlemen are to j
be here from the city of New York or elsewhere, S
Newfoundland, to Cuba, and everywhere she
pleases; but i do object to her levying tribute
through the instrumentality of this Government
upon the honestagricultunsts, in order to pay her
losses and promote her profits.
I hope the Senate will at least pause to consider
the justice and the propriety of the amendment
which has been offered by tho Senator from
Georgia. If we can have no other privilege, lot
us at least have the benefit secured by that prop-
osition.
j\lr. GRREN asked for the yetis and nays on
the amendment; and they were ordered.
! ^ Mr. TOOMBS. I hope, the Senate wd) con-
i suier senonsly the amendment of my et-Hea^ue.
j I think it has great merit in it. I know of no
| reason in the woild why we should make haste
I to blow into existence and vitality this grand
| scheme of stock-jobbing, for that is what it is.
; We only ask that we shall have some means of
| knowing when we are to get nd of the small pit-
I tancc of ^20,000 of the §70,000 a year proposed
! to be paid. The explanation of the" Senator from
j Texas makes it a great deal worse. He says the
I parties have estimated the cost at i'050,000 stcr-
| ling, which is about $1,630,000. If my mform-
| fltion on the subjecr be correct, the cost will not
! be much more than one half that amount: so that
j six per cent, on the estimated cost will be twelve
| per cent, on the real cost, and wc shall have no
| means of knowing when we are to discontinue
I the $520,000 of this allowance, it is a very com-
mon thing for stock-jobbing bubbles to have a
much larger nominal capital than is really paid
in. Such concerns buy a mine, for instance, at
$100,OliO, and divide it into stock amounting
to a mdlion of dollars. If the capital stock is
$1,000,000, and it pays six per cent, on a million,
it pays an incalculable intei est on the real cost,
j The explanation given by the Senator from
! Texas shows that we may be paying twelve per
h cent, to these parties upon the real cost of the
[l work, when we are paying but six per cent, upon
!, the assumed cost. This very day, before the sua
j! goes down or to-morrow morning dawns, if you
|j pa&s this bill to-day, these jobbeis* may go on the
Bourse, m London, or New Y*oik, and make a
i million of dollars out of this scheme without ever
] putting a wire down.. The honorable Senator
[ horn Vermont told us that we, have nothing to
j pay unless it succeeds. That may be true, but
j! you are still lending yourselves to a lot of stook-
jj jobbers to swindle honest men. That is tho r fleet
!■ of it. I'hom bottom to top it is nothing but a
h Mock-jobbing operation, it is intended for that
pmpofp. On its ft.ee it gives no security to the
■ public, but leaves everything as loose as possible,
,i i.i eider ihtU these nun mav <fo in and make a.3
much a-'; tlmy can. IN o such contract os that now
:[ pioposed has evir be<m made by this C«ovi rn-
!; me,it heretofore. WhJe it oftentimes will not
;i pay its real bona JlJe debts, it is now proposed,
i wnii the mnrmkeent backing of v>Ki),000 a year
.'.by cm Ln^bsh and Ameucan alliance, to bolster
1 up this stock-jobbing concern, and probnbly if
,■ this bill be passed the stock will rise forty or lifty
jl percent, on us assumed value. For tha'purpo&e
11 o  considering simh a measure as this, we must
j! p<a ponc < ^"ryihing else; wo must postpone the
i; highest tnteiests of the country; we must post-
J'pone redurm^ the public mxt.s, admitted by
is everybody, by the i^xeentive. by the Legislature,
' by the people, to be unnecessarily hi^h. We
;• have not time for the great work of reduemg the
j, people's taxes in tins infamous race to benefit
stoek-joboers. This, I believe is said to be a
Cepjocraiie Senate. "What a farcy on names!
Theie should bo one slioutof dos ision ail over tho
Republic. •Where is your constitutional power
to do tins ' Where is your pretense of confining
appropriations withm the sp-cifed objects of tho
Constitution ? Where js your economy ? Whore
are those shibboleths with winch you have so
long governed, deluded,and deceived the people?
.'ire they m your telcgmph bill ?
Air. IlLSi\. The tariff bill may have been
d< Inyed, as the Senatorstates, but it has not been
much delayed by speeches from tho friends of
this mea.sme. I do notmtend now to go into the
argument of tins question. Feeble as I am in
lmdlect, I leel competent to answer every argu-
ment that ha^ been used a ain^tthis measure. 1
care very lutle for the hiffh sounding words which
are used against it. Solomon said, a long time
a^o,that there was nothing new under the sun,
and everyday verifies it. Fulton, the discoverer
of steam navigation, when he described his inven-
tion to the world, was denounced as a humbug
and a stockjobber. Only a few years ago Mr.
Mor&e was said to be a great humbug and a stock
jobber, calling upon Congress to violate the Con-
stitution by asking for an appropriation to erect
a line of telegraph from this city to Baltimore. If
