1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
88t
ence of corrupt combinations in this body. I
desire now to call the attention of the House to
the resolutions first in order, as reported: those
relative to the Hon. Mr. Gilbert.
The SPEAKER. The subject being post-
poned to this day, it is first in order on the call
of the gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
matter suggested by the gentleman from Mary-
land take precedence of the motion I submitted
yesterday ?
The SPEAKER. The resolutions referred to
by the gentleman from Maryland involve the
privileges of the House, and therefore take pre-
cedence of the gentleman's motion. .
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Will it be in order
to move that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, with a view to
take up the general appropriation bills?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order at this time.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I call for the read-
ing of the resolutions.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
1. Resolved, That William A. Gilbert, a member of
this House from New York, did agree with P. F. V. Trip-
lett to procure the passage of a resolution or bill through the
present Congress, for the purchase by Congress of certain
copies of the book of the said Triplett on the pension and
bounty land laws, in consideration that the said Triplett
should allow him to receive a certain sum of money out of
the appropriation for the purchase of the book.
2. Resolved, That William A. Gilbert did cast his vote
cm the Iowa land bill, depending heretofore before this
Congress, for a corrupt consideration, consisting of seven
square miles of land and some stock given or to be given to
him.
3. Resolvedj That William A. Gilbert, a member of
this House from New York, be forthwith expelled from this
llouse.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Leave was given
to the honorable gentleman from New York,
whose name is mentioned in these resolutions, to
submit a written defense to this House. If such
has been filed I now call for the reading of it, as
this is the appropriate point in the proceedings
for hearing it.
The SPEAKER. It has not been received by
the Chair.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. Before this
subject is brought to the notice of the House, I
have a preliminary matter which I deem im-
portant, and which I desire, as a matter of justice
to the accused, to have the action of the House
upon. There are certain parts, so I am informed
and believe, of the evidence of this man Sweeney,
the principal witness in this case, which has not
been published in the evidence; and it is that part
of the evidence which goes to show, as I think,
against the witness himself, and which I deem
material. There is also certain evidence or state-
ments made by the witness Simonton, pointing
to this witness Sweeney, and suggesting the pre-
cise questions to be put to him, showing concert
and understanding between the witnesses, which
is not published, and wiuch I also deem material.
Now, I do not want all this evidence printed over,
but only that which has been omitted, and
omitted at the suggestion of this witness himself,
with a reference to the place where it should come
in in the printed report. I ask that this may
be done before we proceed to the discussion of
this question, and before we say anything about
it. It is alleged that part of this evidence is quite
material, and it is certainly a remarkable thing
that when ex parte testimony is taken, the witness
should be permitted to dress it up. If my request
is objected to, I have a petition and resolution to
offer, providing that the omitted testimony shall
be printed, if any has been omitted. The res-
olution does not show what the testimony is,
and I will not be precise as to what it is; but I
make the statement to show why I ask this. The
resolution, in effect, is, that if any part of the tes-
timony of Sweeney and Simonton has been
omitted, for any reason, it shall be printed, with
a reference to the pwnt of the printed testimony
where it should be inserted.
Mr. LETCHER. Let us hear the resolution
read.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I do not
suppose that any gentleman will object.
Mr. ORR. I object.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. There is no evi-
dence which has not been printed, and if gentle-
men state that there is, they should show what
it is, and where it is to be found.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. If the gen-
tleman will allow me, I will state what I under-
stand it is.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I object to a mere
statement of what the gentleman understands.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I do not say
that there is evidence not published wjych beiars
against this man orin favor of him, but 1 say that
the answers of this witness.tjfc questions pro-
pounded to him, are against the witness himself,
and would affect his credit with any honest man.
There were questions put to this witness, and his
reply to them was to this effect: " Gentlemen, do
not ask me such questions. Not that I am un-
willing to answer anything, but if you do, you
will break down my evidence, and you will not
make these proceedings available against the ac-
cused." I do not pretend to give the language,
but I charge in my place that there are such an-
swers as that, showing that he was not reluctant,
but determined to condemn this man, and to swear
to just enough to condemn him, and no more.
Do the committee seek to have this covered up ?
Are they afraid to have this witness stand here
as the testimony places him on the ex parte exam-
ination? I trust not. I hope every member of
this House will insist upon having the whole
testimony of that witness—every question and
every answer—and every question which he re-
fused to answer. It will not consume much time,
as it is short—but a few pages at best. It is re-
markable that the witness should strike out his
own testimony, and in some instances strike out
such parts of his answers as he said he did not
mean as evidence, and leave other parts to stand
as sworn testimony, in order to make the witness
appear respectable before the House. I protest
against it; and 'he sense of justice of every mem-
ber will rebel against it. And the committee
should be the first to say that such evidence should
be produced, if any member upon this floor de-
clares that he deems it material. That is all I ask.
Mr. W ARNER. I desire, as a member of the
select committee, to ask the gentleman from New
York upon what authority he makes his state-
ment ?
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I decline'to
answer that question; but I will tell the gentle-
man that, if he will go to the printing office, he
can see for himself what is stricken out from the
original papers. There is no secrecy in a print-
ing office, that I know of. At any rate, it has not
been observed in this instance. And I say to that
gentleman, as one of the members of the com-
mittee, that it is but justice to himself that we
should have all the proof. And I allude to a fact,
that the gentleman from Georgia, as a member of
that committee, said to one witness that he ought
to answer a question because it was due to other
witnesses in order to corroborate them. Now,
as the record stands, no witness had testified con-
cerning the matter inquired about at that tima.
It is due to the gentleman himself, in view of this
fact, that all the evidence should be produced. I
ask the consent of every member of this House
to have that evidence. If there is any testimony
which has not been printed, even if the commit-
tee deemed it not material—and we have the right
to judge of that as well as they—I ask that it may
be printed, and, with the other testimony and
papers, placed in the possession of the House,
before anything else be done in the matter. It
will not require half a day to do it.
Mr. WARNER. I find that on page 60 of
the report, the question to which the gentleman
refers is printed. It is in these words:
" It is due to other witnesses who have testified before
us that their testimony should be"corrol>orated, and there-
fore we a -k you the question."
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I rise in this proceed-
ing to know—as I am at a loss to understand—
whether the motion of the gentleman from New
York is based on the idea that we are trying this
man on the record aspresented here, or whether he
is to have a trial? Does the member implicated
propose to submit on the full record as taken by
the committee, or does he propose to have his
trial before the House ? I understood the other
day that this record was only presented as pre-
liminary ; that the committee presented this testi-
mony only as an act on which they based their
resolution implicating a member. I want to know
whether the motion of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Bennett] comprehends the idea that
the person implicated is willing to be put on his
trial on the record when amplified, or does the
member intend to have Ms trial with the produer
tion of the witnesses before this tribunal? That
is what I want to know.
. Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I understand
that the gentleman from New York [Mr. Gil-
bert] desires a trial—that he demands a trial;
that he regards this as an accusation—as the pre-
sentment against him in this House—as the first
presentmentof any charge. Heexpects,ofcourse,
and I suppose the committee did, that he should
be tried if he denies the charges and demands a
trial; and he has a right to demand a trial. What
I want is. that the ex parte testimony which was
ordered to be printed should be made to comprise
that which has been omitted.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I suggest to the gen-
tleman, that if the party intends to have a trial,
then I do not see any necessity to go into this
business as to what the committee has had printed
or what it has not had printed. I suppose the
witnesses will be brought here, and that we will
hear the witnesses themselves. If the party is
going to have a trial on the record, that presents
a different question. What I want to know is,
in what way he intends to be tried ?
Mr. CRAIGE. My colleague [Mr. Clingman]
offered a resolution the other day to the' effect that
each of the accused parties should have the priv-
ilege of putting in an answer, and that that answer
should be printed. It struck me that if they have
not availed themselves of that privilege, it is now
too late in the day for the gentleman to make this
motion to have these proceedings still further
delayed. Gentlemen around me say that the an-
swer has been put in. If so, I apprehend that
the parties have relied on all the facts. I in-
quire how it is, whether that answer is put in or
not?
The SPEAKER. The answer has not been
filed with the Clerk.
Mr. CRAIGE. Well, if the answer be not
filed 
Mr. NICHOLS. The answer has been made,
and has been printed, and is in the hands of the
persons implicated in this matter, to be filed to-
day.
Mr. LETCHER. Have it read.
Mr. CRAIGE. If that be the case, then I do
not see any reason why the proceedings should
be delayed for any further answer. If the answer
be already printed, as I understand from the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing it is, I call for
the reading of it.
The SPEAKER. It is not filed with the Clerk,
and the Chair cannot direct its reading.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. These gen-
tlemen have availed, themselves, or intended to
avail themselves, of the privilege to file an answer.
I am instructed that they prepared the answers
just as soon as they could, and these answers
are ready now. If any of the testimony of Swce-_
ney, or of the testimony of Simonton, be omitted,
which should have been printed, I think it but fair
to have that omission supplied. My resolution
simply calls for that to bo done. I ask that the
petition of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Gilbert] and my resolution be read from the
desk. They will explain what I mean.
The following is the petition of Mr. Gilbert:"
To the honorable the House of Representatives of the United
States:
Gentlemen : The undersigned, a member of this House,
from the State of New York, respectfully represents that
certain charges were piesented against him in this House
on the 19th instant, the truth of which he has denied, and
upon winch he demands a trial. That such charges, were
founded principally, if not wholly, upon the ex parte testi-
mony of one J. R. Sweeney: thatjour petitioners informed
and believes, that in the evidence and proceedings of said
committee as printed, many statements made by said Swee-
ney on hn examination, and a portion of his evidence given
therein, have been suppressed and omitted by the request
of said Sweeney, or otherwise; and also, that statements,
evidence, or infoirnauon, of J. W. Simonton, have a!?o
been supposed, tending to show an understanding or con-
cert of action between said Simonton and Sweeney; that
youi petitioner is advised that tbe matter suppressed or
omitted is material and necessary to his defense, and prays
that a full and perfect report thereof, verified by the clerk
ol said committee, ^ ordere^ILLtAMA: GILBERT.
The resolution offered by Mr. Bennett, of New
York, was read, as follows:
Resolved, That all the proceedings of the committee ap-
pointed toinvestigate the charge of an alleged corrupt
combination of members of Congress, which have been
