884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
omitted or s-ttppressed, if any, in th.e printed proceedings,
Be printed, and in' particular all the statements and evidence
made or given by the witness riweeney, with the inquiries
or ingestions tvhich lead to tlie same, or in any tvay re-
late thereto, with a lefcrenee showing where the same
should be inserted in die printed proceedings. And also in
the same manner all the omitted statements and evidence
ot'the witness Simonton, with the inquiries and suggestions,
&e., as aforesaid, especially m reference to his intormation
given as to the witness Sweeney, and suggestions of the
questions to he put, or as to any other witnesses; and that
these matters, so far as omitted, and all other suppressions,
or omissions, whether made at the request of the witness or
otherwise, be corrected and fully printed, as originally taken
down hy tlie clerk of said committee; and where the same
had been omitted or suppressed, at the instance of the wit-
ness, that that fact shall be stated and appear. And after
sueh corrections are made, the same to be verified as full
and true by said clerk.
The SPEAKER. That resolution can only be
in order as instructions on the motion to recom-
mit. It is not in order as a separate question.
Mr. ORR. With reference to the testimony of
the witness Simonton, it is due to the committee
that I should state that after the examination of
that witness had been concluded the committee
inquired of Simonton as to any information which
he had that would point the committee to cir-
cumstances or to the names of witnesses. He de-
clined to give the information. The committee
then stated to Simonton thatm furnishing names
the committee would not treat it as evidence.
The witness then proceeded to give the commit-
tee certain-names, under that assurance; and I
submit that that is not testimony which affects
the merits of this case at all. It was merely tlie
surmises of Mr. Simonton as to who might, and
who might not, prove to be witnesses. So much
for the testimony of Simonton, and that branch
of the matter.
With reference to the charge that there has been
a suppression, upon the part of the committee,
of a portion of the testimony of the witness Swee-
ney, I have this to say: The committee adopted
the rule, wherever they could adopt it, that after
the testimony of the witnesses had been taken
down by the stenographer and written out, they
might again come before the committee, the tes-
timony was read over to them, and they were
permitted to make meiely veibal corrections;
wherever the witness staled that he had been mis-
understood by the clerk tlie alteration was made;
•but if the witness desired to make any material
alteration or explanation, they required it to be
done in the shape of an original and independent
explanation. And,sir, thechanges that weie made
in the testimony of tins witners Sweeney were
sueh as the committee deemed wholly immaterial,
whether in reference to the matters of investiga-
tion before them, or with reference to the char-
acter of the witness; but if the gentleman desires
it, I, as a member of the commiitee, have not the
slightest objection to his bringing the original
manuscript here and reading it to the House'.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. Why not,
then, agree to my resolution ?
Mr. ORR. For the reason that the gentleman
will bo able to cull out of the original testimony,
in five minutes, every change which has been
made, while his resolution involves the delay of
another day. We held thai a witness had aright
to make a correction; but if it was on any mate-
rial point, we required that such correction should
be made by a subsequent explanation.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I do not mean
to impute to any gentleman of that committee
tlie slightest d.esirc to do anything unfair; but 1
do mean to say that this witness had no right to
cover up what he has said before the commit-
tee.
Mi, OLR. Then why not send to the print-
ing office and get the evidence and read it to the
House ?
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. Can I, by
reading that evidence to the House, make the
House understand it as they could if it were
printed with the other evidence! The explana-
tion of the gentleman concedes that Simonton
after he was examined, gave the information f
have alluded to; and I say that we have a right to
have every statement which he made in that com-
mittee, whether it was made under oath or not.
I say that the statement of Simonton will show
that the witness, Sweeney, swears to just such
things as he said he would swear to, and answered
the question Simonton gave. That explains why.
Sweeney kept telling the committee to ask him
the right questions. There was a pcrfcct under-
standing between the man who made the charges
of corruption, and the witness, Sweeney. I say
that it is material to show that fact, for the con-
nection between Simonton and Sweeney does not
appear from anything in the testimony. I must
say that I thinlt it very strange that the commit-
tee shoulj have allowed Sweeney to strike out
half of some of hijpmswers, saying that he meant
it as a statement and not as evidence. I say it is
very strange that whole pages should have been
omitted in this way.
Mr. ORR. It would not be very strange, I
suppose, if the witness were to say to the com-
mittee that he answered the question, and that,
after answering it, he made remarks which he did
not suppose would be taken down by the clerk.
That would not be very strange.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. No, it would
not. But it is not permissible in any court for
a witness to change his evidence by striking out
part and leaving part in. It raises a suspicion
of unfairness. Each member here has a right
to have the whole of the evidence .material or im-
material. If the witness inadvertently dropped
some words that showed that, instead of being
the unwilling and reluctant witness that the com-
mittee represent, he was seeking to convict this
member, it would be a good answer to the pre-
text that he was an unwilling witness and testi-
fied reluctantly.
It is to affect the. credibility of the witness. I
want to do this, and nothing else. It may have
been passed over by the committee as not being
proof material to the question. I do not pretend
that, it is material to any fact stated about Mr.
Gilubut; but I do say that it is material so far as
the witness is concerned. That is the reason I
make tny motion. I make the statement frankly.
I think it is much better that the additional facts
I call for should be printed. It may be that I have
been misinformed as to the precise weight of this
testimony. Whatever it is, however, is there an
honorable gentleman of that committee who will
be unwilling to have it printedJ I trust there is
not; and I hope my resolution will be allowed to
pass without a dissenting voice, and by unani-
mous consent.
Mr DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, I
only have a word to say. i presume the motion
is to nvommit to the select committee with in-
structions to report back any evidence that may
have been suppressed. The committee are not
aware that any portion of the evidence which
can touch any fact going to implicate the parties
accused, or that can bear 011 the fairness of the
evidi nee, has been suppressed. They do not know
that even by accident any word has been omitted
which was delivered by the witness in evidence.
Willi reference to so much of the ease as relates
to Mr. Simonton, Mr. Simonton did give the
names of the witnesses by whom the testimony
has been given; but Air. Simonton himself was
not compelled to give that in as testimony, because
it would not have been competent testimony.
Therefore, he was not directed to answer to it as
testimony. He had no information of his own
knowledge which would, in the slightest degree,
implicate this gentleman; but having published
articles in his paper which suggested the existence
of things of this kind, he went 011 to put the com-
mittee^ upon the track by which they could ac-
complish the purpose which had been confided to
theni by the House, and it was distinctly under-
stood, and so stated, that the information was
not given as evidence, was not given under oath,
but at the suggestion of a person who knew
where evidence could be given; and on that ground
the committee took the responsibility of summon-
ing the witnesses. So much in regiud to the case
of Simonton. If the subject is recommitted to
the committee, they will report 110 additional
word of Mr. Simonton, for there has been nothing
omitted m what they have already reported.
. Mr. BENNETT, of New York. The resolu-
tion I submit assumes the gioi.nd that we have
the right to statements which point out what wit-
ness could be called, and what particular wit-
nesses could say. My resolution calls for those
statements; and it is for the House to say now,
whether they will have those statements which
may tend to show that there was concert or con-
spiracy among rhese witnesses to make a partic-
ular charge.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The committee
were ordered to report only the testimony given
before them under oath. They can report nothing
else. A vast deal of conversation passed in the
committee-room between the members of the
committee themselves, and between the various
gentlemen who were before their,. There was
also a marked distinction drawn between a ques-
tion which was asked, and where the answer wag
given as evidence, and any conversation on mat-
ter of hearsay, which would not be evidence, and
which we would not have the right to put down
in the report. And judging from the spirit in
which the committee hare been attacked, no gen-
tlemen would have been readier to point out the
fact, if statements which were not evidence had
been reported, than those gentlemen who are now
asking that declarations unsworn to, and not evi-
dence, shall be brought before the House. The
committee can give nothing but what was given
in as evidence, understood by the witness to be
given under the sanction of the oath , and so re-
ported by the committee, and that is the only
testimony they can give.
With reference to the other suggestion, it is the
legal course for a witness who has given evidence
before a commissioner in chancery, carefully to
read over that evidence, and correct it before he
signs it, and it is then given into court. It was
more especially necessary that it should he done
here, because the evidence was not taken down in
the ordinary style of writing, but by a stenogra-
pher. All the conversation which passed was
taken down, and it had to be rewritten in order
that the witness might be able to identify what
was, and what was not, his actual statement.
What the committee has reported is what they
understand to be the statement of witnesses 111
reply to quest ions put to them, and answered under
oath; and if there be any omission of that kind of
evidence, the committee do not know it. Tf the
gentleman thinks the original minutes will show
such omission, then they can produce those min-
utes here, and they will produce the effect which
they ought to have; but the committee cannot be
called 011 to report what they did not regard as
having been given before them as evidence. That
is my reply to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. McMULLIN. I was not in the House
when the pending motion was submitted by the
gentleman from New York, and I desire to bo
informed of its character. If 1 am not mistaken
I it is to postpone this question to a future day.
The SPEAKER. It s, as the Chair under-
I stands and states it, a motion to recommit the
! report relating to the gentleman from Nefy York,
I [Mr. Gilbert,] in order that the committee shall
report additional evidence.
Mr. McMULLIN. Thus understanding the
case, I desire to propound a question to the gen-
tleman from New York. I desire to be informed
by him whether he believes the testimony which
he seeks to obtain by recommitment to be mate-
rial to the party implicated?
Air. BENNETT, of New Y"ork. I do most
ceitainly deem it material, or I would not have
made the motion. I deem it material as affecting
the credibility and character of the witness.
Mr. McMCfLLIN. I did not hear the com-
mencement of the gentleman's argument, but
viewing this case as I do, holding that it is the
duty of the House to act in this matter as a
court with an indicted person before it for trial,
I say that, so far as I am concerned, I shall bo
disposed to concede to the parties accused all
the immunities and privileges to which they
would be entitled in a trial anywhere else. But
I do not mean to say hy the vote which I shall
give on this proposition that this committee has
not discharged the duties assigned to it. In
my judgment, the committee appointed by you,
Mi. Speaker, have discharged their duty faith-
fully and with great honor to themselves; and
however I may differ with you, sir, lit other mat-
ters, I think you have, in the appointment of this
committee, discharged your duty with credit to
yourself, the House, and the naiion. Rut so far
as the parties here, who are accused of crimes
such as no other members have ever before been
accused of, are concerned, I shall give them the
amplest opportunity to defend themselves winch
they could ask, consistent with justice and a fair
investigation of the subject. Now, I desire to bo
informed by the gentleman from New York, if
