1857
THE GOMGEE'SSIONAiL GLOBE.
gSCv'M
88B
this recommitment will delay action upon this
Question beyond one day ?
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. No, sir, nor
that either.
Mr. McMULLIN. Well, sir, if it is not to
delay the action of the House more than one day,
or not even a day, I submit to the-House, and to
the committee, when they have been arraigned
before the House for having suppressed testi-
mony which, in the judgment of the gentleman
from New York, is material in this case, whether
it is not due to themselves tb permit the accused
to command the testimony which they say has
been suppressed? As it will not delay action,
and as there is so much business which demands
legislative action at the hands of this House—I
mean the general appropriation bills—1 submit to
the honorable chairman of the select committee,
and to each member of that committee, to come
up like statesmen, and concede to the criminals
arraigned before the bar of the country alt they
ask, when it cannot result in one day's delay. I
submit, therefore, without intending to commit
myself one way or the other, that a fair and full
' trial should be accorded to them, as is accorded
to the vilest criminal of the country, and which
they have a right to demand. In this case, and
in all otheis, if I can, I shall grant that right.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I want to see if I under-
stand exactly what the point is between the mem-
bers of the committee and the gentleman from
New York. I will say, that I think there are two
things which we must desire to arrive at. In the
first place, in trying this gentleman, or the others
who come after him, we should do them full jus-
tice. Of course, they have a right to expect that,
and that we shall suspend all judgment until we
are in possession of all the evidence taken, and
which they may fairly claim the right to present.
There is another point also which is important,
and that is, to act upon the cases. The House
owes it to itself, to the country, and to the cause
of justice, to try these cases.
1 am willing, therefore, in determining these
two things, to allow any delay which is absolutely
necessary to do justice; but, before doing that,
it is absolutely necessary to know if time is neces-
sary, for we know that sometimes movements are
made for delay; and as we are so near the close
of the session, while I am willing to give the
necessary time, I am not willing to waste time.
When, therefore, it was suggested by the gen-
tleman from New York that all the evidence
taken before the committee had not been printed,
I thought questions of difficulty might arise, be-
cause the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis ,]
and other members of the committee, declared
that the testimony was correctly printed; and the
gentleman from New York stated that it was not
—that there was a material variance. 1 desire to
ascertain which is correct, and it is material to
understand that. I learn from the gentleman
from New York—and in that he is corroborated
by the gentleman from South Carolina—Lthat the
reason for his making the statement is, that the
original manuscript in the printing-office shows
some alterations or erasures, or changes or omis-
sion, from what is now printed. The gentleman
from South Carolina, and the gentleman from
Maryland, explain that in this way. They say
that the evidence was taken down by the stenog-
rapher, and when it was examined and was not
found satisfactory to the party sworn, he made
alterations to conform it to the facts.
Now, to determine whether a deposition has
been truly copied or not, of course you resort to
the original. That will show whether the printed
report agrees with that. If it be true, as the gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] states,
that the original can be brought here in a short
time, that is the only way to determine the ques-
tion. Suppose you should authorise the printer
to make another copy, then, to ascertain whether
the copy bo true, you have to return to the ori-
ginal. If the original can be brought in here in a
few moments, we can run our eyes over it and
ascertain the point. I do not see that you need
to make another order to print. Whether there is
a material variance or not I do not know, and I
give no opinion upon it; but it seems to me that the
only way we can proceed is to produce the ori-
ginal. Suppose that, in a court of justice, a copy
of an instrument is introduced in evidence, and
The original is brought before the court from tl#
possession of the clerk, and the truth of the fact
is ascertained by direct comparison. Now, 1 do
not see that we can get along by any other mode
of action.
Mr. ORR. I have sent the clerk of the select
committee after the original document, and it will
be here as soon as he can come from the printing-
office.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If, in the progress of the
defense of Mr. Gilbert, those documents are not
produced, and the House has doubts as to whether
justice would be done without those statements
which, it is said, have been suppressed,, it would
be proper to give time; and we should want to
see whether there were material variances. I
shall, therefore, vote against the motion to recom-
mit. In a court of justice, if an application is
made for a delay or continuance, it is usual for
the parties to allege that there is material evidence
which cannot be got, or which the party has been
prevented from getting, or something tp that effect;
and if the court see that the evidence cannot be
got during the progress of the trial, then it is con-
sidered ground for delay. Now, in the present
statu of the question, I shall be compelled to vote
against the motion to recommit. I do not concur
with the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. McMui.-
lin,] that we are bound to vote for it; nor is it
clear, from the manner in which the request is
made, that the ends of justice require a delay.
Mr. READY. While I om anxious to do jus-
tice to [he members who are accused and arraigned
here, and to avoid even an npjV.aranccof injustice,
I am also anxious to avoid committing any in-
justice towards other members of the House, or
towards peisons outside of this House who stand
in the relation of witnesses to this investigation.
Now, sir, a committee has been appointed by the j
House. That commiltee has investigated this |
subject. They are presumed tc< be—and 1 have
j no doubt are — disinterested between the mem-
j bers who are accused and the public. I have no
doubt that they entered on the discharge of the
duties assigned them, and that they up to this
moment feel no interest or bias or desire to pro-
duce any other result than that which is consistent
with the ends of justicc, and the public good.
When we have assigned to these gentlemen, as a
committee, a duty to perform, there is something
due to them; and when they come before this
House and state, on their responsibility as repre-
sentatives of the people, that they have reported
all the testimony which was given, for instance,
by the witness Simonton—that there was not a
word spoken by him, as a witness, which is not
reported, what position, I ask, will these gentle-
men be placed in, if wc take the statement of the
accused, thattestimony has been suppressed, and
on that statement, in the face of the information
given to us by the members of the committee,
vote to postpone or recommit the subject; Sir, it
1 would be a reflection on the honor and veracity
of the members of this committee, which I, for
one, am unwilling to make. I am prepared to
place £s much reliance, to say the least of it, on
the statements of the gentlemen composing that
committee, as on the statement of any one of the
peisons who are charged with improper conduct,
and who are to bo put upon their trial.
Then, so far as the testimony of Mr. Simonton
is concerned, there is not, in my humble judg-
ment, any necessity for a recommittal. As to the
testimony of Sweeney, I understand, from the
statements made by the gentleman from Mary-
land and the gentleman from South Caiohna,
[Messrs. Davis and Orr,] that the same course
was pursued in reference to him as must necessa-
rily be pursued in all cases where the testimony
is taken down in writing. The witness was af-
forded the opportunity, after his statement was
written out by the stenographer from the short-
hand notes which he had taken down, to approve
it, or to correct it if it required correction. The
witness, I understand, hau that right extended to
him. If you deny a witness the right of correct-
ing his stateu^int which has been written down
by a effpyist, by a stenographer, or by a clerk,
you subject yourselves to the danger of perpe-
trating a monstrous outrage on the rights of a
witness. Sir, no man would dare to become a
witness if he were to be subjected to such a rule
as that. It would be a total subversion of all the
principles on which witnesses have testified in
. times pWtj Slffie'r if) eourfs of juSfice, technically
1 so called, or" elsewhere, a'nd wdWdstrilste at the
1 very foundation of the administration of justice".
I ask whether a witness's credit is to be decided
by the erroneous statement of his testimony-that
may have been written by a stenographer, and when
he is denied the poorand common privilege or Co'i'-
rectingithimself? Arid after lie has made the cor-
rection of such erroneous report,'is that errOhcjouS
report to bebrought up in juflgmeri,t ygailjst Kith*
and is he upon it to be convictca of penury • Th'rt
ife the simple question, as I understand, proposed
by the motion of the gentleman frohi New Yor]c.
If the application which he has 'mk'de be granted,
and if you undertake to test the crcdit of this wit-
ness Sweeney by the rule which he indicates,
I you will be converting this House into an engine
i of oppression, to defame and destrby the char-
acter of a man who may be as pure and holiest
as the best man in the land.
Of course I express no opiriion in reference to
Mr. Sweeney; but no matter how pure a witness
might be, if he were called upon to testify under
such circumstances as those under which Sweeney
j testified, and were subjected to the rule now
j sought to be enforced, his reputation might be
i most unjustly consigned to everlasting infamy.
! Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose there can be no
i great injustice done if this resolution should be
■ voted down. 1 understand that the gentleman
j from South Carolina has sent for the original
! manuscript of the evidence; and I desire now to
; know what effect the previous question would
! have on the resolution of the gentleman from New
! York, or if it is before the House?
! The SPEAKER. It would bring the House
1 to a vote on the report of the committee. The
resolution is received only as instructions to be
; tacked to the motion to recommit,
i Mr. HOUSTON Is the resolution of the gen-
i tleman from New York before the House at all?
The SPEAKER. It is before the House as
instructions appended to the motion to recommit.
Mr. HOUSTON. Can I not call the previous
question on his motion, and leave the main trial—
if I may use the expression—untouched by it ?
The SPEAKER. I twill operate'oh the report
of the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope, then, that all sides
of the House will avoid this irrelevant issue which
has been started, and let us go on to an investi-
| gation of the case, if we intend to do so. If we
' intend staving off the investigation, letgentlemen
; show their hands and stave it off. But let us take
! the responsibility of dealing with it in one way
i or Other. 1 am willing that the House should do
I so now. If the House, want an investigation, let
I us have it. If the House do not intend to allow
! an investigation to be had, let it be suppressed.
But let the matter come up and let the House
decide upon it, and go to other business. I should
like to call the previous question, and if the gen-
tleman implicated does not desire to address the
House, I shall call the previous question.
I do not intend to interfere in the management
of this report and the proceedings any further
i than to contribute what I may be able to do to
! the progress of the business of the House. 1
1 want to get this out of the way as soon as gentle-
1 men who have made themselves acquainted witli
i the subject better than I have say that it is ready;
! provided the gentleman who is implicated has
nothing further to say.
j Mr.'ORR. I have the original manuscript re-
i ports and testimony here.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from South
! Carolina desires to have presented to the House
' any testimony which has not been already pre-
sented, or any which may have been omitted from
I the printed report, I will yield to hnn for that
1 do not think it material on this
I do not think it is material
purpose.
: Mr. ORIl.
motion.
[ Mr. HOUSTON.
i B1 Mr SEWARD. Mr. Speaker, as the ™cKna-
i tion of my mind is against the party accused here
; on the evidence submitted, I would ^ greatly
1 relieved if I could elicit an answer from the gen-
' tleman from Neiv York as to the precise chai-acter
i of the testimony which he say s has been excluded.
' I am wifong to accord to the gentlemen who stand
indicted before the country the^ greatest latitude
to defend themselves against this charge.
