886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
Now, there are several sides to this question,
I frankly state that neither of the witnesses in the
case now under consideration stands before this
country without suspicion. A witness may be
attacked upon the stand by the very manner in
•which he testifies. He may be assailed by the
willingness or unwillingness with which he tes-
tifies, or the character of his testimony, or he
may be attacked on his general reputation for
truth and veracity in the neighborhood where he
lives. This House cannot determine. It is a
fact which rests exclusively within the breasts of
the committee how and m what manner these
witnesses testified. The other members of the
House know nothing of the manner, or the will-
ingness or unwillingness with which they testi-
fied. The two witnesses involved in this trans-
action are not within the jurisdiction of this
House. We are to judge of their credibility as
a jury would. Now, if the gentleman from New
York will state any fact which I believe to be
material to the investigation of this matter, so
that my judgment may be enlightened, I will vote
to recommit this report; otherwise, I cannot do
it; because, if any fact has been omitted or sup-
pressed, through mistake—and I do not under-
stand there is any charge against the committee—
it is important to these parties, and they are enti-
tled to it.4 It would be an outrage to force them
to £0 to trial with an important fact omitted,
which they believe is necessary to place them
properly before the House and the country.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The notes are now
in the House, and the gentlemen of the committee
desire that they should be read from the Clerk's
table.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I ask the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Dennett] to point out that
portion of the original which has been suppressed
m the printed copy; for if there is a mateiial part
suppressed, I shall vote to recommit tins matter.
If5 however, the erasure is simply a correction of
the witness after Ins written-out testimony has
been submitted to him, then it would be nnpioprr
to allow that to come in here as testimony which
the witness stud he did not swear to.
Mr. DENNETT, of Ne^v York. 1 wish to
say one word in reply to the gentleman from
Georgia. The original minutes, as sent to the
printing office, are here in the hands of the gen-
tleman from fcamtli Carolina; and I ask that the
parts omitted) not the entire minutes, be read
from the Clerk's desk.
Mr. LETCHER. I object, unless it is first
stated that the witness approved what is to be
read as lus testimony.
Mr. OUR. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his objection. I will put the witness in a
proper position, by restating a statement which
1 had already made. The witness made the cor-
rections himself. He did not know thattho clerk
was taking down what he supposed was con-
sidered as a conversation. I want that every
word that has been stricken out, even at the in-
Btuuce of the witness, shall be read to the House.
[Cries of " That is right."] On page 57 of the
printed report will be found the following ques-
tion and answer:
" By the Chairman.—Give the general purport of tiie con-
versation, as near as you can.
" fntTLess — I would not pietend to give the language
used on diat occasion. I do not know that I can give even
the Mifattancc ot*tll0,r tn,k* 1 given the lesult m the
wilting J have exhibited to the committee. As near a- t
eau remember, Mr. Tnplett proposed, that, if the book was
taken at $1 35 pei copy, he would give $7,o(H); if' at .$1 40,
he would incieuse $500; and so on, at the suuif rate, up
to $! .i0 pei copy. Beyond that, it seems to conflict with
this wining; and there id a conflict of opinion in relation to
it ei-ewhere.5*
In the original testimony, the last clause of the
answer reeds as follows:
•'•And tlioie is a misunderstanding elsewhere in relation
to it."
On page 53 of the printed testimony are the fol-
lowing question and answer:
u By Mr. Orr—Have you ever heard, in conversations
between Mr. Gilbert und ofhei members, or in conversa-
tions between other members, that any other member wa«
to be interested m any part of this $14,«30U.; I only m that
ask lor your personal knowledge.
'■ IVihtwi—My impresvion is very strong that other per-
sons did have an interest m it, but I cannot certainly an-
swci the question ; for, although I have inferred that other
members were iuteiested, I may have drawn the infeienee
erroneous!}-, I nave no distmet recollection, at this time,
of heating any other member, or of hearing Mr. Gilbert, in
tte presence of any other member, say that they were inter-
ested in the bargain to which I have referred."
In the original is the word ti improperly'1 instead
of " erroneously" in the answer.
On page 59, after the answer to the second
question, the following questions and answers are
omitted:
" By Mr, Warner.—Where was that conversation held ?
> " Witness.—If that is not a material question, I should
prefer that it should not be pressed.
" By Mr. Warner.—It may be material to us to have
.answer to that question.
" Witness.—I have said that no one else was present but
myself when the conversation took place betweenMr. Gil-
bert and Mr. Trtplett- The conversation was held at an
appointed meeting. If there is any especial reason for
naming the place I will do so, but I should prefer not to
name it.
u By Mr. Warner.—I will tell you why it may be material
to answer the question. If the statement you make should
be contradicted, and we, knowing the place, could bring out
these facts from other witnesses, they might theieby sub-
stantiate your testimony.
" J rrtness.—I should have no objection to naming the place
privately, to members of the committee ; but if it is to be
published, it is my impression that under no circumstances
could I answer the question.
."By the Chairman.—All the evidence taken before the
committee will be under the control of the House. If they
dnect it to be published, we cannot refuse.
" IFtfness.— If it involves a material point for thecoi-
roboiation of my testimony, I may perhaps name the place."
On page 59 are the following question and
answer:
" n,j the Chairman.—there any ill feeling between you
in any ie«,pect?
" in/new —No, sir, not upon my part; and I presume
there is none upon Ins. 1 wish to say that I have given 111
the testimony I have given very reluctantly, because 1 have
been compelled to<£ive it; he is my own member. T do not
know bv what mean:- the committee have obtained the m-
(mm-ition on winch I was >uhpenaed. I supposed, until a
few hour-; ;v{o, that I did know the source liom whteu the
committee Ueuved their mtoimation of me; but since that
tune J jiave become satisfied that I did not."
Immediately after that question and answer,
there are in the original the following question
and answer which were waived:
•• ]>)/ M>. Ojr.—We ws-li you to state the place of meet-
ing.
"• Wilnvfs- —1 will say th.it the place of meeting was not
d^-iLmaVd bymv-elf. If there «hould be any conflict of
fi".rniioii\. i sliall be willing to-.fat"'<:vei \ thing fully and
l.uil} ; but loi the picM-nt 1 should pieier not to name the
place.
Oil pages f>9 and GO are the following questions
and answers:
•• lh{ Mr. Orr.—Have you ever Jmaid any member say
th it h'1 h eeiv.'d : o nmeh, o; that lie wars to receive ^omucli,
in tiH'uev oi in land, oi am other \alnable consideration,
pie-eut or pioc-pective5
i u — If I evu heaid anybody make thatstatement
it w.b in confidential eouvcration.
" 'U/Mr. Orr — How confidential ?
'• )rihirys —ft was a< confidential as anything could be
made, without bemg icqin -,ted to keep it secret; and at
be ,f. if [ uvie to answer the question it would be liable to
b.' di-puted.'5
At the end of the last answer there is, in the
ouginal, the following:
1 do not wi-h to launch out into any sea of this kind.
If I hn\. said any thins that i* of consequence to the com-
mittee ),} their investigation, it seems to me that, by going
into these geneia), indefinite conversations, I rdnil be liable
to break down testimony I have already given." .
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 would ask the gen-
tleman from South Carolina why that statement
was suppressed? I understand it was suppressed,
and I desire to know the reason.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I will answer the
gentleman.
The SPEAKER. It can be done only by gen-
| era! consent.
Mr. GROW I object.
i Mr. ORR. On page 6U are the following ques-
tion and answer:
" By Mr. Orr.—We wish you to state all the facts within
your knowledge.
u IVihia-s —In domg go, I might bring reproach upon
my;e!f and others. I will freely say that, so iar as your
question is concerned, a full answer to it will not criminate
any pei on other than the one I have mentioned."
In the original appears the following, at the
end of the last answer:
£* And it seems to me that there is already evidence
enough to convict him."
Immediately following that arc the following
question and answer, which were^tricken out:
" B>t Mr. Ritchie—Your answer is, that if you reply in
the affirmative, it will implicate no individual except the
person you have named, which is as much as to say that it
relates to Mr. Gilbert. What you now icfcr to may relate
to another transaction, and therefore it is important that
you should answer.
" irtium.—it is due to me, and due to the committee in
this investigation, that you should not lead me &o far off as
to make what I have said improbable. It may be clear
enough to me, but I do not know whether it can be cor-
roborated."
I stated, Mr. Speaker, before the reading of
this evidence commenced, that I should put the
witness right before the House with reference to
this matter. I desire to say to the House that no
portion of the testimony was suppressed by the
committee; and the changes were in every respect
atthe instance of the witness himself. He wished,
as he stated, to present his testimony fairly and
properly before the House. I feel it due to the
witness to say that much.
Mr. STANTON. I would like to know from
the gentleman from South Carolina whether that
applies to omissions of questions and answers as
well as to changes ?
Mr. ORR. Yes, sir; in every single instance.
Mr. SEWARD. I want fo know from the
gentleman from South Carolina whether, after the
witness was sworn and his testimony reduced to
writing, it was submitted to him as it is found in
the manuscript, and whether he left the commit-
tee-room leaving the manuscript in that condition
or did he correct it as written down ?
Mr. ORR. I takegreat pleasure in responding.
The questions were propounded by the commit-
tee, and the questions and answers were written
by the clerk of the committee, who was a stenog-
rapher. After the examination of a witness was
ended, the clerk proceeded that day, or the next
day, or as soon as he had time, to write it out.
Then the witness was allowed to come before the
committee again, and to make such corrections,
on the papers being read to him, as he thought
the facts required at his hands.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman from
South Carolina say how long was it after the tes-
timony was reduced to writing before the ques-
tions and answers were stricken out or omitted at
the request of the witness ?
Mr. ORR. I think in one or two days—I am
not certain as to the time. It was, however, the
first time the witness saw his answers after they
were written out by the clerk.
Mr. STANTON. I would be glad to ask the
gentleman from Maryland, or the gentleman from
South Carolina, another question. If the party
arraigned here ask for a trial at the bar of the
House, and for the introduction of testimony, I
want to know whether the committee expect to
consent to that mode of trial?
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman wishes an answer
from me, I will give to him a very brief answer
on that point. The committee have submitted
their report, following the precedents that have
been set from the foundation of the Government
in such cases. They have pursued these prece-
dents strictly. Similar cases have been uniformly
acted on by the House on the reports of the com-
I mittee. We have submitted our report to the
House, and it is for the House to determine. As
a member of that committee Ishould be unwilling
to see a different course pursued with reference to
this cose from the course uniformly pursued here-
tofore. I care not what disposition may be made
of these reports. I do not think I have a feeling
on the suoject more than would naturally arise
from being goaded in various directions here. If
the House see fit to give the matter the " go-by,19
I have no objection to it. I have done my duty,
and I desire the members of the House to do their
duty. I, as an individual member, shall not con-
sent to giving to these parties here a greater and
higher privilege than has been ever enjoyed—ac-
cording to my understanding of it—by any mem-
ber of the House on any preceding occasion.
Mr. RITCHIE. I wish to state that, in the
committee, any question as to the form of trial
in the House was not, according to my recollec-
tion, discussed at all. There was no agreement
as to any recommendation whatever. The com-
mittee supposed that the House would take what
order it should think proper on this subject.
With reference to thnt part of Sweeney's tes-
timony that was stricken out and omitted, the first
time he saw it after the clerk had written it out,
he declared that the loose conversation in which
the committee was trying to lead him off to other
testimony was no part of his testimony at all.
We did not let it go on the record; but under the
circumstances we did not know whether we should
have the authority to print it as evidence or not.
As to the mode of trial, I am entirely willing that
