890
B CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
themselves in the proper discharge of their legit-
imate duties; and it is just to that extent, and no
more, that this House protects its own privileges,
and its own legislation, for the Constitution has :
conferred upon it the powers of legislation, or
rather it is the privilege etf our Constitution that
we shall have the powers of legislation without
interference improperly outside orinside. We
have the right to protect ourselves in the honest
and incorruptible discharge of our duties as legis-
lators.
Suppose, for illustration, that a man of such
notorious bad character should come into this
House as a member as that he would be disposed
to steal from all around him: instead of attending
to our legislative duties, we should have to take
care of our pockets; and we could not legislate
with that freedom which the Constitution contem-
plates. Not at all; our attention would have to
be directed to watch the movements of such a
member, and to that extent our privileges would
be invaded. It would have been an invasion of
the privileges of this House, and an interference
with its duty; and it would be the duty of the
House to expel such a member, 011 evidence being
submitted; and the argument is just as forcible
when yclu come to examine the member who en-
deavors to influence his fellow-member by corrupt
and illegitimate means to cast his vote differently
from what he ought to do under the Constitution
and laws of the land, and according to honesty
and morality. It is an interference with the priv-
ileges of the House, and the whole matter rests
there; and it was competent for tins House, when
the charge was made that its privileges had been
violated, to order an inquiry, or to inquire them-
selves in this Hall, or have ordered their com-
mittee to do it. They preferred to order their
committee to do it. Thai committee has done it,
and reported the evidence to the House, and what
action, tn their judgment, was necessary, under
the order of the House, for the protection of the
privileges of its members.
It is now for tins 1 fouse to say whether they
will luwe a further trial or investigation, or
whether they will protect their own puvileges in
such manner as may seem to them just and
proper. For myself, I have no private feeling on
this subject. None whatever. The only interest
which 3 feel is of a public nature. I care not what
diieetion this House may take. They may take
any they think proper; but I do insist that they
shall make a proper record here; that the lecord
they shall make here ahull he such a one us will
show that they understand their privileges, and
intend to protect them from the corrupt practices
of individual members, or from a corrupt combi-
nation of members. The attempt to shield and
protect individual members against the alleged
charge of corruption merely upon the technical
ground that theie was no general corrupt combi-
nation of members, wiil not, by any means, have
a tendency to elevate the standard of morality in
the American House of Representatives. In that
point of view, as a member of this House, I do
feel a public interest in its action, and seriously
hope that action will be such as to maintain and
vindicate its dignity and character before the
American people and the civilized world.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. What is the
precise question before the House?
The SPEAKER. The first question is on the
motion of the gentleman from New York, that the
report be recommitted with instructions.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. What are the
instructions?
The SPEAKER. The proposition will be
again read.
The Clerk again read the resolution submitted
by Mr. i r, of New York.
Mr. WArfllliCJRN, of Maine. Mr. Speaker,
on any hypothesis I think it is proper that that
resolution should prevail. If the proceedings of
the committee are to he regarded simply as a ©re-
sentment of these members, then it seems to* me
Highly proper that we should have the record
truly before this House, as it was before the
committcc—that we should, m fact, have all this
testimony printed. If, on the other hand, we are
to proceed to trial now, and pass 011 the cases of
these members 
Mr. CRAIGE. I rise to a question of order.
1 understand that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Purvianck] has submitted a proposi-
n in the nature of an amendment to the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from New York.
The SPEAKER. It was not stated as an
amendment.
Mr. PURYIANCE. I will offer it as an
amendment, then, before the gentleman proceeds
further, and in this form:
Resolved, That this House will forthwith proceed with
the trial of the Hon. William A. Gilbert; and the Sergeant-
at-Arms be directed to summon F. F. C. Triplett, James R.
Sweeney, and other witne-^es, to appear at the bar of the
House, and that the said Gilbert be heard by himself or
counsel.
Mr. FLORENCE. Whatdoes the gentleman
mean by " other witnesses
Mr. PURYIANCE. Any that the gentleman
may desire to call.
Mr. FLORENCE. I think the language is
too indefinite.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is incon-
sistent with the motion to recommit. If the
House recommit the subject, it will be impossible
forthwith to proceed to trial. The proposition
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania may be re-
ceived as an independent proposition, or as a sub-
stitute; or, if the gentleman from New York
withdraws his motion to recommit, the gentle-
man's proposition will then be m order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It is the
inclination of my mind not only that this new
matter should be printed, but also that the reso-
lution suggested by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania should bo adopted. In a very few moments
J will state my reasons for so thinking. I agree
with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,]
that if the investigation of this committee was
intended only to ascertain whether there was good
and sufficient reason to put the gentleman from
New York on lus trial, the committee have pro-
ceeded properly, and 1 would take 110 exception
to anything they have done; but if, on the other
hand, it was intended, as the gentleman from
Maryland intimates, to furnish all the proofs upon
which 1 he party 1^ to be tried, and the committee
intended and designed to put h 1111 on tiial 011 this
testimony, as it has been pioduced here, then,
su, J confess there are many things in th«* course
and action of the committee which appear to me
to be greatly exceptionable. As the mattei now
stands, it is highly important that we should
have printed ar.d laid before the House all the
testimony which was taken before the committee,
that is to say, all the questions that were pro-
pounded to, and all the answers which were given
by the witnesses
Sn, in my opinion, the duty of this committee
i was to inqune and ascertain, if they could,
j whether there was sufficient reason to put any
I member of this House on his trial. If they,upon
jj such investigation,became satisiiedthat there was
'! reason to believe that any member had been en-
' j gaged in con upt practices, it was, I submit, their
'! plain duty to report this fact to the House, and
ij recommend to the House such action as in their
| judgment might be necessary to bring the party
ij implicated to an early, searching, and impartial
j| investigation. In such examination, I hold that
it might have been proper, before making a report,
although such report should look to a future trial,
to receive such testimony as the member impli-
cated should wish to introduce; for by the aid of
that testimony they might have been persuaded
that the chaiges were false and malicious, and
such as ought not to expose the member to cen-
sure or question. On such a report being made,
it would be competent for the House, and be its
unquestionable duty, to order a trial at its bar, or
so far as the taking of testimony was concerned,
before a committee constituted for that purpose;
and, 111 order to make a plain and distinct issue,
I do not think it was improper to report the reso-
('i lutions which accompanied their report. Adopt-
! ing this couise, a fair, just, and open trial could
j have been had. The party implicated would have
j appeared before the House or its committcc, filed
I his answer, and, upon the making up of an issue,
j be ready to eyafeer upon the investigation. He
would have been present at the examination of
| the_ witnesses, and been permitted to cross-ex-
amine them m the presence of the committee, or
of the House, and thus secured the advantage,
deemed so important in all criminal prosecutions,
j of exposing to the view of his judges the manner,
- spirit, and bearing of the witnesses, called to
testify against him, under the fire of a sharp,
scrutinizing, and rigid cross-examination.
And in any other way, I would earnestly in-
quire, is it possible that a fair and just trial can be
assured to any man who is charged, as this man
has been charged, by the testimony of witnesses
whose veracity is called in question ? It seems
to me it is not; my views may bo old-fashioned,
and I may be mistaken; but I cannot help think-
ing that, in a case where such tremendous con-
sequences are involved—when an individual is to
be tried for what is dearer to him than life, his
good name, and where the judgment, if he be
found guilty, will consign him to disgrace as long
as he lives, and fix an indelible stigma upon his
children—when a man to whom has been in-
trusted the high and honorable duty of represent-
ing an intelligent and uncorrupted and proud con-
stituency in the American Congress, is to be tried
for the detestable offense of corruption in oflice,
and such awful consequences impend over him—
the strictest and simplest principles of justice—
of that justice which, to deny, is like neither God
nor man—demand that he shall be permitted to
meet his witnesses face to face, and eye to eye;
and to exhibit to his peers and judges the kind
of evidence—its real weight and value — upon
which they are to act. I cannot resist the con-
viction that this is the only course consistent with
the privileges of this House, and the privileges
of its members, which are to be regarded as well
as the privileges of the House, and are indeed a
part of them. When the committee had made
their report, the object for which it was appointed
was accomplished; its functions were ended—at
least until new power and authority shall be given
to it.
I do not understand that there is any precedent
against this course. That referred to by the gen-
tleman fiom Maryland [Mr. Davis] is not incon-
sistent with it, and will be found on examination
to fail him utterly. In Smith's case, to which the
gentleman has referred, before the Senate pro-
ceeded to vote, witnesses were examined, and a
trial had at the bar of the Senate.
A friend has handed me the sixth volume of
the Congressional Globe, from which, on page
3^3,1 will read from the remarks of John Gluincy
Adams—the old man eloquent," as he was re-
fened to by the gentleman fiom Maryland, [Mr.
Davis.] Air. Adams said:
Ck The eonirnittwe had <*ntuely tran^cond<jd it? power. He
said nouiuiK wa> con tamed m the resolution to indicate that
any member of the lIou>e, 01 any othei person, was to be
tried bv\ 1 «ie commutee ; and he contended that the House
had no power t<> delegate any authority to the committee to
try any member, tor it was the privilege of eveiy member
to be heard and tiled by the House itself. He aNo insisted
on a .-met con-trixmon of the. ni!c 111 JctFor^on's Manual,
as necessary lor the aeourit}' of the rights of members and
their constituents.,J
And here let mc stop a moment, and suppose
a case. Suppose a time of high party excite-
ment, and when the expulsion of one, two, or
three members, might change the political major-
ity, or a majority upon a particular measure:
might it not be important, in order to preserve the
rights of the constituents of a member, and to
secure the expression of their will, that when their
Representative is put upon trial for an offense,
trumped up, it may be, for the occasion, their voice
shall not be stifled by his summary expulsion
from the House by any unusual and extraordi-
nary proceedings, which the passions, the excite-
ments, the fears, or the miserable cowardice of
the hour, may instigate or permit ? For, although
a vote of two thirds is required to expel a mem-
ber, I take it but few men would remain in the
House after a majority should have declared
against them.
He goes on to say:
" lie cited some authorities, and referted to the rase of
Hon. John Smith, in the Senate, duung the Admmistiation
of Mi. Jefferson, m support of the giound he had taken,
lie hoped there would be no delay in pioceedmg to an ex-
amination of the fact> ; and if the course he had indicated
should be taken, there would be no need of punting at pies-
ent, boc.ui-e the icport would yo to the committee to be
amended.'*5
Sir, I understand that it has not been the uni-
form practice ,pf this House to proceed as this
committee have'undertaken to proceed; and I
know, and the House now knows, that John
Gtuincy Adams denounced this way of trying a
member. Sir, i am aware of no case which is
a precedent for this proceeding; certainly no
authority for it can be found in the cases of the
