1857.]
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gentlemen from South Carolina at the first ses-
sion of the present Congress, for there they were
named in the resolution itself.
Mr. ORR. Only one name.
Mr. WASHBURN", of Maine. I understand
that after the resolution was reported, it was
changed, and that the name of one of the parties
•was stricken out, and the House refused to sus-
tain the resolution as reported by the committee
against one of the members included in it, [Mr.
Edmcndson,] for the reason that his name was
not in the resolution under authority of which the
committee acted, and that he had no notice of
what was being done by them.
Mr. McGtUEEN. One of my colleagues who
was reported against was not named in the res-
olution.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Well, if the
gentleman from South Carolina is correffe we
have the fact that the House itself, at the last ses-
sion, placed its disapprobation upon a proceeding
of this kind; so we have the authority of this
very House against the line of proceeding recom-
mended by the committee. For the reason I
have stated, that member was discharged; foi*I
presume that the reasons which the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] says influenced him
controlled many others; and therefore it is that I
say that this very House, by its own decision,
and within a few months, has declared that it
would not proceed to try and convict an individ-
ual member not named in the original resolution
of inquiry, and who had not been present before
the committee, upon objection being made, and
where the facts are contested.
There is, it must be perceived, a strong and
obvious propriety, in any case, and under any
circumstances, where disputed facts are involved,
that there should be an open trial accorded to any
member arraigned for improper conduct by the
House. If we would be careful to do no injustice
to any man—if we would be clear in our own
minds, and be ready to meet every challenge, the
members of this House will notpermit themselves
to arraign, try, condemn, and sentence one of their
number, without affording him an opportunity to
exculpate himself on a fair and open trial. Cut
whe ther this open 'trial in the face of day, where the
party accused may confront the witnesses against
him, and those who are to pronounce judgment
may have an opportunity to see and hear them, if
they choose, be what the humblest citizen, and
every citizen, high or low, in place or out of it, may
demand, I submit-that, after the developments of
this morning, there should be no doubt remaining
in the mind of any man as to the propriety of
such a trial in this case; and I desire to know if
honorable gentlemen are prepared, are equal to
the task of rushing this man to doom on a charge
that, if proved, should render him infamous for-
ever, upon a record like that which has been dis-
closed this morning ? Sir, he may be innocent,
or he may be guilty—I am willing to know which
before X vote.
Now, sir, if I understood the gentleman from
Maryland and the gentleman from South Caro-
lina this morning, they stated that there had been
no suppression or omission of the testimony
which was given before the committee; that the
witnesses had merely been permitted to vary and
correct their testimony; but that there was noth-
ing ]ike_ suppression—nothing like the omission
of questions and answers, fully written out, and
which needed no change or qualification to make
them correct. But, sir, what was not printed has
been read from the Clerk's desk this morning;
and how does the case appear now? It seems
that question after question was put and answered
which do not appear in the printed testimony at
all, nor does any hiatus appear indicating that
any thing had been omitted; and it now looks as
if it was understood by the committee, and by all
persons present at the time, that these were ques-
tions and answers under oath, and a portion of
the testimony, taken by the committee; for clearly
as questions and answers they were written down
by the stenographer, and neither the committee
nor the witness suggested that any of those an-
swers were incorrectly given, or that the words
of the witness were not precisely stated.
But it is said that the testimony was stricken
out by the request of the witness. What right
had the witness to strike out questions as well as
answers ? Did the witness control the committee?
891
and did he have the power to decide what ques-
tions should be put, and what not?-and to see
to it that the record should be made in such a way
as should suit and protect him ? What right had
he, after he had gisen answers, every word of
which was taken down, to insist that those an-
swers should be expunged, and with them the
questions of the committee ? What right had he
to say that they should not go before the House ;
Sir, nave witnesses summoned by order of the
House of Representatives the power to dictate
what shall go before the House and what shall
not? Oan they nullify the orders of the House
and annihilate its committees, and expunge their
records ?
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. ORR. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw any objection. I have a regard for the im-
portant and valuable time of the House which is
being/rittered away.
The SPEAKER. It is not proper for the gen-
tleman to characterize the debates of the House in
that way. The gentleman will state the point of
order to which he rises.
Several Members. Oh, do not makeapoint.
Mr. FLORENCE. Wei!, I am a very easily
persuaded person; but my point of order is this:
that the gentleman [Mr. Washburn, of Maine]
is arraigning the motives of the committee; that
he is censuring the committee for their action;
that he is representing thf character of the report
as untruthful in its nature, and that it is not in
order for the gentleman to thus arraign the mo-
tives of gentlemen of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman from Maine as arraigning
the motives of the committee. He criticised—as
he had a right to do—the report of the committee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I was not ar-
raigning the motives of the committee. I know
too well my daty as a member of the House, I
know too well the proprieties of the House, and
I have too much respect for those gentlemen in-
dividually, to arraign their motives. But I have
a right to criticise their acts, and to endeavor to
show that the circumstances attending: their re-
port are such as to make necessary some further
examination to enable members to vote intelli-
gently, and so that they shall be satisfied, after
the fatal word shall be uttered, (if uttered it must
be,) each man in his own mind, that he has done
right. I think that somehow and in some way
they have acted strangely, and in a manner which
cannot be approved by the sober and deliberate
judgment of the House. The witness in this
case had unquestionably a right to qualify what
he had said. He had a right, if he was incor-
rectly reported, to make all necessary and proper
corrections; and that was the extent of his right.
But it is claimed by gentlemen of the commit-
tee that he has a right, where there is no dispute
as to the accuracy of the report of what he stated
—where he did not choose to qualify oV correct
what he said, but simply desired to strike it out
altogether, and with it the question of the com-
mittee—that he has the right so to strike out.
But I say that the committee should not have
permitted him to do so. Why did they permit him
to do it ? Was it because he suggested to them that
these answers might have a tendency to destroy his
testimony ? Sir, is itnot the very question at issue
before the House, whether the testimony of the
witnesses is to be taken as true or false? And
did the committee think it comported with their
duty to the House to deprive its members of the
means of judging of the credibility of the wit-
nesses ? Is there any other question to be decided
by us than the question as to the credibility of this
man Sweeney, and of the other man Triplett ? for
if what they testified be true, I agree with the com-
mittee that the offense is sustained, and t will vote
without hesitation for the resolution reported by
the committee, and for#e expulsion of the mem-
ber. There is no otherquestion; there is no other
issue. We want to know precisely how it is in
reference to these witnesses, and we have a right
to know. If the members of the House were not
present at the taking of this testimony, and if the
member accused was not present, is there not the
greater reason for presenting fully and accurately
all that transpired before the committee, and why
these proceedings should, so to speak, be daguer-
reotyped, as near as possible, for the view of the
House ?
_ , ' CADWALADER. The gentleman from
Maine, as I understand, states the case of Mr.,
Gilbert as though the only question was depend-,
ent on the statement of the witnesses. I desire .
the gentleman from Maine to answer this ques-
tion if he see proper. Is not this the statement!
of Mr. Gilbert under oath?
"He stated, if necessary to defeat Bennett, he would be
willing to put his book in at cost, or even less than cost.'
I replied, that if the book was adopted, it should be at a
fair remunerative price ; and asked him what he could fur-
nish the work for? He afterwards informed me what he *
could furnish it for, and said he did not care what became
of any exccss."
Now I ask the gentleman from Maine whether,
if this proposed appropriation had been increased
under the proposed legislation, and if the appli-
cant for that legislation is willing to take a lower
price, and a member of Congress suggests to him
a higher price, and then receives with favor or
toleration the suggestion that that applicant for
legislation did not care what became of the ex-
cess—I ask him whether, in such a case, that
member of the House does not admit his guilt?
Does he not admit it when he encourages an
applicant for legislation to ask a higher price? I
want to know if any gentleman can be found ia
this House who desires to vote on anything but
the admission of Mr. Gilbert ?
Mr. WASHBCJItN, of Maine. I« certainly
cannot answer that question, because I did not
hear and do not understand the half of it. X tell
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that I am not
discussing the evidence, or intimating any opin-
ion on the merits at this time. I do not mean to
prejudge this case; and I ask him if he does?
Does he mean to decide Uj^pase without hearing
the testimony as it was gWn in fact, and without
a trial?
Mr. CADWALADER. I will answer the gen-
tleman 
Mr. PURYEAR. I insist that these interrup-
tions shall be discontinued, and that the gentle-
man having the floor shall be allowed to go on
with his remarks under the rules of the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I am now
speaking on the preliminary matter touching this
trial. I am not desirous of screening Mr. Gil-
bert, or any man; I am not arguing for Mr.
Gilbert, or for any man here. I am simply
desiring a fair trial for him, or what candid and
disinterested men would regard as a fair trial—•
one whose result will have moral power with the
people. It is important that justice be done, and
also that it be known that it has been done. I am
stating the way in which I believe a fair trial can
lie had, and the only way, as the case now stands.
I have said that I thought it was necessary
and proper that Mr. Gilbert should be allowed
to examine witnesses, and to confront them upon,
the taking of the very testimony upon which
judgment is to be rendered. I do believe, from
what has transpired here to-day, and from an in-
spection of the printed testimony, that an exam-
ination of witnesses before the House, for it is
too late in the session to have it before a com-
mittee, is necessary for the vindication of the
House and for the ends of justice. It strikes mo
that no individual who has a single desire to have
impartial justice meted out here can oppose this
proposition. The examination of the witnesses,
Sweeney and Triplett, may be commenced at
once and closed to-day. I am willing and pre- .
pared to sit here till it shall be finished, and then
to vote. I will interpose no dilatory motions. I
will shirk no issues. I will stand on no techni-
calities; and when I know how to vote, 110 act or
word of mine shall arrestfor a single moment the
taking of the question.
The only question before us now, as the case
is presented, is as to the credibility of these wit-
nesses; and the testimony which has just now
come before the House is important as bearing
on that question, for it suggests great doubt a3
to the fairness and truthfulness of Sweeney; and
I have a right to have that doubt removed. Are
the witnesses to be believed or not? That is, I
repeat, the question for us. If we believe these
witnesses, then the party is guilty, and should be
expelled. If they are not to be believed, then,
unless there be something in the point stated by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cadwal-
ader,] (but it is time enough to examine that
when the party is actually on trial,) the resolu-
tion of the committee ought to be negatived.
