892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
Sweeney is the most important witness-in the
case. After he had given his testimony—and his
answers were taken down by the clerk, and writ-
ten out in full—he, ata subsequent meeting: of the
committee, asks that portions of it shall be ex-
punged. Why? Because he did not make the
answers as taken down ? No, for no such reason;
but because5 if permitted to stand, they might
injure his credibility, and the House be enabled
the better to pass its judgment on the only prac-
tical question before at. And the committee did
not press the questions to full answers, it would
seem, because such answers would, or might, as
the witness alleged, break him down. Why so
tender of the witness, and so regardless of the
rights of a member? Why was it deemed import-
ant to shield a witness who, by his own confes-
sion, would be in danger of breaking down, if
pressed to further answers?—a witness who had
already decided the question, and had told the
committee that they had already enough to con-
vict the member? Wus this-the way to inform
the judgment and conscience of the House?
The gentleman from Georgia, m the examina-
tion before the committee, put this question:
" It is due to the witnesses who have testified befoic,
that tlioy -iliould be corroboiaUHl,and therefore we at-k you
the question."
Now, I understand that it appears from the
record that no other witness had testified before,
which the testimony hero sought to he obtained
would corroborate; and the gentleman from Geor-
gia himself admitted, if I understood him cor-
rectly, that no witness had testified whose testi-
mony would be corroborated by any answer the
witness could give. #
But, Mr. Speaker, I will not detain the House
longer upon this subject. I am not one of those,
if there be any such here, who is disposed to
postpone action upon this question. I want art ion
at tins session, and without unnecessary delay,
if there was mme time f should he in favor of
referiiug these eases to tins committee, or to an-
other committee, lor the examination of witnesses,
in the pie.-euee of lh«  member, and pivlminmiy
to the verdict of the House; bat, the attic is too
shoi I to i thai. f fear, if we wete to do il, we
should not be able to fotne to any conclusion
upon the matter dining the present session. We
are just at the close of the session; we have other
and important business to transact: and i! is neces-
sary that we should move with as little delay as
possible to insure final action at tins tune. The
country expects a trial; and it is due to the coun-
try and the House that there should be a tuul,
and a decision, before Congress adjourns.
Mr. OADWALADKLl. In the course <>f the
remarks of the gentleman Aom Mame, [Mr.
WAsmiiuuv,*] he said that ihe eu.-v of t he aceu.^d
member [Mr. Un.BJiniTj depended wholly upon
the testimony of the wn nesse* Tuplet t mid" Swee-
ney. ^ I then, with the permission of the gentle-
man from Maine, inU rposed m order to invite his
attention to the admission of the accused party I
in his own statement upon oat.li, on page 79 of!
the testimony, m the words; ' ij
'• Iterated, if neec^ary to defeat Bennett, he would be ij
willing to pat his book iu et cpst. o> c< cn /<*& Una coit. [
replied thui the >>ook was adopted, it r-imuld ik: at <i f<. ir
■renivneKtlivc trc; and cskcl hhn chut he rou!'! /V/ m <ii the
irorkjort H'1 afti-rvvaids informed KUMvli.it h'-eould iur- ,,
ni&li if for; uitd stud he did not cure what becamc o t c\- ! j
cevs/* I,
r called tlm attention of the gentleman to tins il
admission of guilt, pointing out what I tlu.light !i
its 1-flrct. A matter of proposed legislation is ''
a subpet of conversation between th'o party iti-
teres ted in obtaining it and a member of the legis- ;!
lativu body. _ The jmrty interested is willing to \\
take a lotc price. The legislator suggests m effect
that the pnrc oughUo be higher. The party in- fi
terested, under the influence of this suggestion :•
names a higher price, and says that heroes not I'
core what brcomos of the excels. I usked the gen-
tJeman from Maine how the existence of such an 'J
excess could be suggested otherwise than from a j;
corrupt motive? How an c rem of price in which ii
the party nominally interested felt no real interna ji
could have been anything- but the price of corrup-
tion? How such an excess could properly exist at
all? And'how it could honestly arise upon the
suggestion of the member of this House ?
The gentleman from Maine replied by asking
whether I Was prepared to cast my vote upon this
answer of the party on trial in this proceeding. I
now rise to answer this question.
As at present advised, I am certainly prepared
to vote in the case upon this admission of the
member that he has permitted himself to be thus
tampered with—has permitted and indulged, if
he has not invited it. I will briefly give my
reasons.
We are not trying the case of an alleged horse-
thief in a court of quarter sessions, according to
the course of criminal jurisprudence in our com-
mon law tribunals. We are trying a question of
privilege, technically so called; and we are trying
it according to the method of parliamentary pro-
ceedings. The system of proceeding in a parlia-
mentary body, in a matter of privilege, is of a
distinctive and peculiar character. It has been
decided by the Supreme Court of the United
States, and by this House, that we have an inhe-
rent jurisdiction in a proceeding of this kind, and
that the method of proceeding is the method of
this peculiar system of parliamentary law. Inde-
pendently of this more general jurisdiction, the
present proceeding is tinder a jurisdiction ex-
pressly conferred by the Constitution. We arc
trying a question of the qualification of this mem-
ber to retain a scat in this House. The Consti-
tution has made this House the judge of the qual-
ifications of its members, and has given it the
power of expulsion. We arc thus judges of the
question, whether a man who will allow himself
to be tampered with, as the member from New
York [Mr. Gilbert] acknowledge* that lie has
permitted himself to be tampered with, is entitled
to retain a seat upon this floor. The Constitution,
in prescribing thnt this House, n parliamentary
body, ahull be the judge to decide this question,
preset ibes in effect the mode m which we shall
exeivisc our judicial function. The only proper
method of exercising it, then, is that which is
according* to the usage of parliamentary bodies.
i\"ow, this peculiar mode of proceeding, like all
jjudnml pioceedmgs, has its advantages and its
disadvantage k. The trial by jury has its advant-
ages arid iN disadvantages. So hay a trial con-
ducted according to the p-'ir/iomentary method.
One of the advantage's of a criminal proceeding
according to the course of the common law is,
that the inquisitorial and the judicial functions
i>te n I ways exercised distinctly, and independ-
ently each of the other. A trial in a parliament-
ary body, except in the single case of impeach-
ment, is intended with no such advantage. The
present proceeding has no analogy to a case of
impeachment. On^ of the disadvantages attend-
ant upon the investigation and adjudication of a
quest ion of privilege I,fox tin* present is, that the
niqui.sito! ial and the judicial functions are una-
voidably blended. From the inherent nature of
the proceeding, these two functions aic, to some
extent, exercised cotemporaneously bv the same
body. According (o the settled practice of the
Senate, and of tins House, they may be exercised
fiom the conmieiirenieiil of the proceeding at the
bar of the blouse, or then* exercise may be dele-
gated, in tlie pumary stage of proceeding, to a
select portion of the House. The select eommitteo
in this case has done rdl that Was in its power to
prevent injustice from the compound character of
the functions which it was compelled to exercise
from the nature of the proceeding.
i he argument of some of those gentlemen who
now desire to arrest the progress of this proceed-
mg is, that we must conduct it in all respects t
aceoulm^r to the analogies of proceedings at the j
common Jaw whcie a man is charged with aciime. !
I admit that those analogies are not to be wholly j
Inst sight of. It is an important principle that i
we are, in a proceeding like the present, to regard j
these analogies, as far as an observance of them !
may be necessary, m order to promote the ends I
of justice. But the.principle goes no further than \
may be required for thiPVmrpose. Its applica- !
tion in some cases may possibly involve points '
of difficulty. Iu the present case there can be no
difficulty.
The distinctive and characteristic incident of a
parliamentary investigation like the present is,
that the House h competent to determine, at every
stage of the proceeding, what is the question upon
which it is required to act. Now, in a common-
law court, a party cannot be compelled to answer
on oath'a charge, when his answer may criminate
himself. There are parliamentary precedents to
the contrary; but this is, I presume, at the present
day, the rule in this country in a parliamentary
proceeding. J think that in a case of privilege,
the party implicated has a right to be heard on
his oath if he desires it, though the committee
appear to have entertained a different opinion
upon this, as an abstract question. It is, how-
ever, certain that if he chooses to come forward >
either before a committee, or in the House, and
make a statement on oath, or not upon oath, which
is received, and becomes a part of the recorded
proceedings, we have the right to decide that he
shall be tried upon his own statement. Of this
he cannot complain. If we decide upon it, throw-
ing aside all other testimony, we do him full jus-
tice when we proceed to render judgment upon
his deliberately prepared statement. I say, then,
that, in this case, if all the other evidence were set
aside-jithis member might very justly and very
properly be tried, and the judgment rendered upon
his own recorded admission. WhenI find,from
this admission, how this member allowed himself
to be tampered with—when I find him suggesting
what results in creating an excess of price which
the party apparently to receive it does not care to
receive—when I find him listening patiently to
the declaration, that this party does not care what
becomes of this excess, I ask again the question,
which I asked of the gentleman from Maine; and
I invite a reply. I ask how could such an excess
be created—how could it exist for an honest pur-
pose ? How could such a suggestion be patiently
entertained, nay encouraged, unless for a corrupt
purpose ?
I do not see how there could bo a confession of
a criminal, charged in a common-law indictment,
more convincing of guilt. The question, there-
fore, is not alone what. Sweeney or Triplett may
have testified, but what Mr. Gilbert has himself
admitted. Sir, if cither of these witnesses had
been an accomplice, taken from the criminal dock,
and put upon the stand in the witness box, this
confession would have been such a confirmation
of his testimony as to prevail against any dis-
credit from the most tainted reputation of the
I worst informer. Rut upon the simple ground of
i confession, unless the member charged, whom I
; would rather have heard, in person, upon the sub-
ject, can rise and correct, or qualify, and remove
the ellect of what he has here stated, my vote will
be given upon his own answer.
Air. GILBERT. I ask the gentleman to read
the next paragraph.
Mr. CADWAXjADER. I will read it to the
House:
"Oo (Tnplott) afterwards informed me what he could
funji>li ir (or, onri said that he did not care what became of
any cxccss. I do not know what Sweeney may have told
him oi'iny vievv>or purpose, not what inference tin (Trip-
lett) ijkiv have diawn in re^oid to th m, from what Swee-
ney may have told hun, and nom the circumstances as thev
wcie proented to In.s mind. No agreement was made with
me by Mr. Tnplett, f^vveeinjy, or any othei person, whereby
I w,i^ ro have, or did expect to have, any benefit, fiom the
pa^aLM of the resolution. I never knew of, or had the ip-
mote&r idea of, the existence of the writing or order until
alter it w<m ptoducod before the committee.'7
I have now read the whole-, and I ask what
the additional matter imports ? I ask whether it
imports any difference that the corrupt wages of
the iniquity were not to pass into his own pocket ?
Though this were so, the thing was, m its in-
herent nature, corrupt — that a member of this
body could have encouraged an applicant for
legislation to ask of the United States a higher
compensation than that applicant admitted him-
self willing to take. It was, from its very nature,
a prostitution of legislative integrity; and whether
the wages of the corruption passed into the pocket
of one conspirator or the other, matters not. It
was a prostitution of legislative integrity for this
member to allow such a thing to be said, and to
tolerate the man who said it. The difference is
about as great as a difference on the question who
will^receive the wages of a prostitution negotiated
by the^ pander of a brothel. Such, in my judg-
ment, is the effect of the gentleman's admission.
Mr. KEITT. Mr. Speaker, I do not propose
now to discuss the weight of the testimony which
has been elicited by the special committee whose
report is now before me. My object is, as Colo-
nel Benton once said, "to vindicate the truth of
history" in a matter which has been just referred
to, and at the same time to bring to the minds of
some gentlem'en what may be regarded as some
slight inconsistency, and also to show them that,
