1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sm
on another occasion, they had not the same ten-
der regard for the privileges of this House which
they now so ostentatiously exhibit. I have al-
ready stated that I would not say anything about
the testimony, and I will not do it now. I feel,
and I have felt, that the charge upon which the
member from New York [Mr. Gilbert] is on
trial is one which greatly concerns the character
and dignity of the country, and that a decent
respect for public opinion, a proper sensitiveness
to our own honor, and a just appreciation of the
public weal, require a prompt administration of
• justice, whether for acquittal or condemnation.
I have felt, and I now feel, that this is an occa-
sion of unusual solemnity, and that in this inquest
of the country, and this trial between the Re-
public and the impeached members of this House,
the scales should be held justly and impartially,
and charity required, that every doubt shduld be
given to those whose character had been im-
peached, and whose conduct had been arraigffed.
tin warped by prejudice as far as can be, and un-
biased by personal feeling, I shall act, at least
my vote shall be given, unstained by ill-will—
given as it may be.
But, sir, I wish to call the attention of some
members upon this floor to a case in point, with
which they ought to be familiar. Two questions
grow out of the discussion upon the report of the
committee: first, as to the mode of procedure; and
secondly, as to the weight and character of the
testimony. At this time I propose to say nothing
about the weight and character of the testimony;
but I will say that all these dilatory motions look,
1 fear, to the entire suppression of all action on
the part of the House. What I shall say shall
be upon the mode of proceeding adopted by the
committee, and the action recommended to the
H^fse to purge itself of impurity and corrup-
tion. The member from Maine [Mr. Washburn]
said that the same rules should apply to this case
which were applied to the case of my late col-
league, [Mr. Brooks,] which was before the
House lastsummer, and which so deeply involved
and inflamed the pubiic mind. X am willing that
that course shall be pursued. Let us see what
that course was. On the 23d of May ultimo, a
resolution was introduced into this House in re-
lation to the assault of the late Mr. Brooks upon
Mr. Senator Sumner. While it was pending,
Mr. Brooks said as follows:
" When I lose a few moments ago, not one word of vio-
lence would have escapcd me, nor would I have violated
the piopnety of this House. I only desiied to take the
entire responsibility upon myself, and to state to the House,
on the honor of a gentleman, that not a human bein? on
this earth kucw when or where the transaction intended
would occur."
In the resolution which had been offered, my
name had been incorporated, and it was in refer-
ence to that fact that he made that declaration.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Haven]
then said:
<cf only desire to say that I concur with the gentleman
from Ohio as to the propriety of this investigation, but I
think that wc may do injustice by including the names of
both the gentlemen trom South Caiolina in the resolution ;
and I suggest to him the piopnety of omitting one ot those
names."
He knew my late colleague; and though he
differed from him in the propriety of the course
which he had pursued, and believed that the House
ought and could legitimately take cognizance of
the act, he knew that he was a man of honor, and
he knew that the declaration could be relied on
in all its fullness and integrity. The gentleman
from Ohio? [Mr. Campbell,] who introduced the
resolution, also then said:
<•' Hearing the assurance of the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Brooks,] whose veracity I would not ques-
tion in leieienee fg> his colleague, [Mr. Kent,] I yield to
the appeals made to me; intending, under no circum-
stances, to do injustice to any person, either by direct or by
indirect means. I will modify my resolution so as to leave
out tne becond name in the ie olution—that of Mr. Kfutt."
fie resolution was then reformed, and it passed
e following terms;
" Whereas it is repi esented, that on the 22d day of May,
1836, Hon. Preston S. Biooks, a member of this House
from the State ot -South Carolina, and other members," &c.
The resolution contained no other name than
that of Mr. Brooks, and under that resolution
the committee was appointed; under it the com-
hiittee acted, and all the powers it had it derived
from that resolution. The committee met and
acted; and how did itact? It brought in a reso-
lution of expulsion against my colleague. He
:Hiay have been asked to go to the committee-room
land confront witnesses; but he did not go. The
committee brought in their resolution of expul-
sion. "Was that a grand inquest? Did we hear
then of a trial at the bar of the House ? Were we
then told that the committee could only act as a
grand jury, and make a presentment for trial be-
fore the House ? Were we then informed that the
evidence taken before the committee was no evi-
dence, either because the committee could not
report a specific resolution for expulsion, or be-
cause the witnesses had not been confronted and
cross-examined by the accused ? What then was
said of the committee having transcended its
authority, or of the privilege of a member to con-
front the witness on the examination ? Whose
voice on the opposite side of the Chamber cried
out against this Star-Chamber secrecy ? Who then
demanded, in the name of justice and the Con-
stitution, that witnesses should bo brought before
the bar of the House and examined? None; not
one. Then the thing was all right. Yes, sir, it
had come like Minerva from the brow of Jove,
full armed and panoplied from the brains of the
committee, ripe for action, and the House was
asked to hurry on in its action, though weeks and
weeks of the session remained, that the public
business might not be impeded.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire to inter-
rupt the gentleman from South Carolina, if he
will allow me.
Mr. KEITT. Certainly.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I remember well
that during the discussion of that day I repeat-
edly said, as chairman of that committee 
Mr. KEITT. I do not wish to throw the
slightest censure upon the gentleman.
Mr. CAMPBELL, ofOhio. That I would not
move the previous question so long as the gentle-
men implicated or were concerned desired to dis-
cuss the question.
Mr. KEITT. I acquit the gentleman from
Ohio from everything.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I will further
add that neither of the gentlemenim plicated asked
upon thatoccasion forany further hearing.
Mr. KEITT. .Not a particle.
Mr. NICHOLS. I desire to say to the gentle-
man from South Carolina that I ana other gentle-
men around me voted against the resolution in
reference to himself and Mr. Eiimundsoh, not so
much upon the facts of the ease as because we
believed that the committee in inquiring beyond
the principals engaged in that transaction had
exceeded their powers.
Mr. KEITT. I come now to the considera-
tion of another point, which will give a sufficient
answer to the remarks of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Nichols.] I have read the resolu-
tion under which that committee was appointed:
" Whereas the Hon. Preston S. Brooks, a mem-
ber from the State of South Carolina, and other
members." Now, sir, upon the declaration of my
late colleague, and upon the admission of the gen-
tleman from Ohio who offered the resolution,
the chairman of the committee, my name was
taken out of the resolution. I then said:
" Since my name lias been withdrawn from the resolu-
tion"—
that was upon the passage of the original res-
olution—
"I shall vote; if it had been retained, J should not have
voted. As, however, it was introduced into the resolution
originally, and in connection with this matter, ] wi-ii to
say now, in voting, that I ihd not know the tune when, nor
the place where, this act would he committed. And when
it was committed, I was belaud the chair of the 1'rovident,
where I had been talking with a gentleman fiom my own
State, who had ju- r arnved. I did not see tnc beginning
of it, theieforo I had not the slightest concert with mv col-
league, nor did f know when or where it would occur."
That resolution passed with my name specially
stricken out. The committee conducted its pro-
ceedings in secrecy, at least to me, and introduced
witnesses without my knowing anything of their
being introduced, or of their testimony. I was
informed, after the testimony had been taken, that
there had been allusions to me, and that it would
be put into my hands. I said I did not care to
see it. I cared nothing about it. I eared nothing
about the report of the committee, nor about the
action of the House. 1 would not have turned
on my heels to have changed either. The first
intimation, howeter, which I had that a resolu-
tion was to be introduced against me was when t
was stopping from the wharf upon a steamer in
Baltimore, on my way home, and that intimation
I got from the New York Herald, whose corre-
spondent had found it out the night feefore.
Well, sir, they came up on this showing, and
the vote was taken; and now I wish to see how
gentlemen voted. Let me state the case: a res-
olution is offered, in which ray name appears; ex-
planations are made, and then my name isspecially
taken out; undor this resolution the committee is
appointed; they take testimony without a word
being said to ms; after they have gone through
with the testimony, they inform me that allusions
have been made to me, arid that I may read the
evidence, and, if I choose, appear before them
and examine witnesses, and testify myself. The
evidence, however, against me, is closed before I
am informed concerning even its existence. Under
those circumstances, the report of the committee
comes in to the House. And now lot ussee what
was the aotion of certain gentlemen, who are so
tenderly concerned for the character of the House
and the privileges of its members. I find that on
the resolution of disapprobation or censure against
me, brought in under the circumstances 1 have
stated, various gentlemen, some of whom I will
name, voted "ay." Here are the names of Israel
Washburn, Jr., of Maine; Henry Benhett, of
New York; Mr. Grow, of Pennsylvania; Mr.
Mattt.son, of New York; Mr. Gilbert, of New
York; Mr. Welch, of Connecticut; and Mr.
PunviANCE, of Pennsylvania, voting in the affirm-
ative. Now, sir, what explanation can those
members giver Can they say it was simply a
resolution of disapprobagpn?
Sir, gentlemen meantTsomething or nothing.
And can it be that they occupied the time of this
House, day after day, and that they spread the
resolution and their votes upon the Journal of the
House, when they meant nothing ? Can it be that
you can violate the legal rules of evidence, that
you can infringe upon the privileges of the mem-
bers of this House when it does not go quite to
the extent of involving his right to a seat upon
this floor? You expressed your disapprobation !
In other words, yon expressed a censure and a
rebuke. And do you take the ground that you
can express a censure and rebuke in violation of
all the laws of evidence, and of all the privileges
of this House—in violation also of what you call
a constitutional right? Can you do that r If you
cannot do that, then you were mistaken at that
time, or you have changed your opinions since,
if you now say that the action in this case is a
violation of right. Either you thought then that
it was a violation of right, or not. If you thought
then that it was a violation of nghwpou voted to
expel one member, and censure anoWier in viola-
tion of the luies of evidence, and of the privi-
leges of the members of this House. If you did
not think then that it was a violation of right,
how and why have you changed your opinions
since ? The powers of the House and the priv-
ileges and rights of its members were then thor-
oughly discussed; yet you were not convinced.
What has happened since to produce a revo-
lution in your views? in that case there was
less protection given to the members arraigned,
than in this. The committee had exactly the
same power, and the witnesses were examined in
precisely the same way. The only distinction
you cap draw is this: that the one was a case of
assault and battery, and the other one of steal-
ing. You must say that the Constitution and the
privileges of the House avenge a whipping", but
protect theft. Can it be that a member of this
House will say that that man deserves our ten-
dcrest solicitude and watchfulness whose charac-
ter is stained with the charge of intrigue antl base
corruption ?
But I will not stop here. I mean to press still
further those gentlemen who suddenly have be-
come so tenderly alive, who are now so squeam-
ishly sensitive to the privileges of this House,
and to the integrity of the rights of members; yes,
I propose to press those gentlemen one step fur-
ther. Not only was there no other name than
that of my colleague in the resolution as it was
adopted; not only Bad my name, and that of my
friend from Virginia, [Mr. Edmotbson,] been
stricken out, but the committee in their report
said that the only testimony which had ever been
submitted, showing in the slightest degree any
