894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
implication, or connivance, or foreknowledge of
my friend from Virginia, was his own testimony.
They summoned him before the committee, eli-
cited his testimony against my colleague, (Mr.
Brooks,) and never said a word to him that his
testimony affected himself; never informed him
that they meant to propose a resolution of cen-
sure against him; never asked him to explain or
modify his testimony; and never told him that he
might bring witnesses before them. No; they
gave him no information whatever that he was im-
plicated. Their resolution of censurc, introduced
iiere, gave him the first warning that the com-
mittee were striking at him. This case certainly
is a strong and pregnant one.
Under these extraordinary circumstances, the
committee reported a resolution of censure
against my friend from Virginia, [Mr. Edmund-
son;]—a resolution founded on his own testimony;
with no knowledge that such resolution was to
be brought into the House; with 110 intimation
that his testimony was regarded as implicating
himself in the slightest; and now, let us see
■whether these gentlemen were so keenly alive to
the privileges of the members of this body, and
the right of each one whose character may be
impeached, to cross-examine witnesses at the bar
of the House. Here, the member was not al-
lowed to say a word, even in the committee room.
I find that on this resolution against Henry A.
Edmundson, under the circumstances which I
have just stated 
t Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man from South Carolina allow me to remind him
of the fact that the committee subsequently 
Mr. KEITT. I a®jS§ot touching the commit-
tee at all.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. That it was on
the proposition of the committee itself that the
name of Henry A. Edmundson was stricken
out 
Mr. KEITT. I am only showing who voted
against striking out; but I am very much obliged
to my friend from Ohm for calling my attention
to a material point. And thus it. seems that the
chairman of the committee who had reported this
resolution against Mr. Edmundson, seeing that
under the circumstances it would be a wrong and
an outrage to adopt it, asks to be allowed to with-
draw the resolution against him. Yes, sir, the
very chairman of that committee, feeling that this
resolution is a violation of the plain rights of the
humblest, citizen, as well as a grows invasion of
the privileges of a member of this body, asks to
be allowed to withdraw the resolution of censure
against Mr. Edmundson; and under all these cir-
cumstanecs, and under the accumulated and em-
phatic action of the committee, let us sec how
some of th®e gentlemen, who are now so sensi-
tive, voted t The ease is still stronger. The res-
olutions of censurc against Mr. Edmundson and
myself were separated, and a separate vote was
taken on each. They were separated because
the sense of justice of the House shrunk instinct-
ively from die outrage against Mr. Edmundson.
Under these circumstances, the vote was taken
on the resolution against Mr. Edmundson; and
I will read the names of those who voted for it.
Those who voted to censure Mr. Edmundson,
"were:
"Me«wrs. Albright, Allison, ftarbom, Rillmghur-t, l ing-
Ikliii, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Untlinton, Burlm^ame,
Chartee, Ezra Clark, dawson, Coltav, Comins, Cra°,m,
('urnback, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Dick, Dodd, Emue,
GuWmgs, Gilbert, (Jraugei, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, llol-
loway, Howard, Kclscy^ Knap]), Knowlton, Matte-cm,
Waldrou, Cadwaladcr C. Waebburiie, Wclcli, and Wells.
Sixty of them. And yet, sir, some of these gen-
tlemen tell us that we are violating parliamentary
privileges, that we are invading the sacred rights
of a member of this House; ay , that we are laying
our hands on the holy of holies. Sir, I put the
question back again: Did you not vote for this res-
olution under the circumstances I have detailed?
And how can you now cry out about a violation of
rights ? Y ou cannot ans wer that you will graduate
your rules of evidence according to the character
of the offense. If you did, you are cut off from
this plea in the first instance, becausc you gave
your votes against my colleague (Mr. Brooks)
on precisely such a showing as that made by the
committee in the case before us. But you have
no right to violate parliamentary rules; you have
no right to invade the privileges of this House;
you have no right to trample down, in yourmarch,
the Constitution of the country, because, forsooth,
the offense charged is of but a minor character
and a lesser grade. Sir, so far as the privileges
of this House go—so far as the constitutional pro-
tection thrown by that instrument around a mem-
ber of this House goes, I have as much right to
its integrity and fullness for a small offense as
for a large one. You have no more right to vio-
late the rules of evidence and of the Constitution,
when it is a resolution for censurc or disappro-
bation, than you have when it was a resolution for
expulsion. The fullness of pai liamentary pro-
tection, the integrity of constitutional guarantees,
are as complete in small matters as in the gravest.
You have no more right to trifle with your oaths
in one particular than in another; and if you voted,
against evidence and right, to censure Mr. Ed-
mundson, you have stained your honor and vio-
lated your oaths as much as if you had voted for
his expulsion.
it will not do to tell me that it was not then
demanded that the witnesses should be brought
to the bar of the House to be examined in its
presence. You say now that this is a constitu-
tional right, and that evidence taken otherwise is
not competent. If this be so, there could be no
waiver by Mr. Edmundson or myself. No waiver
can make that evidence, which by the law is not
(widcnce. You boast that you sit here as a court,
that you are all judges. What would you think
of a. judge who allowed statements to be made,
which were not in the eye of the law evidence,
and upon those statements convicted any one of
a grave offense; and after conviction and execu-
tion, should say that he knew that the evidence
was illegal, and if the point had been made he
would have ruled it out ? Of that judge you
would say that he was base and infamous, and
you would pursue him with burning execrations.
And what other than this would you do, if you
say that the testimony taken before the commit-
tee is not legal evidence? If the report of the
committee is only the finding of a grand jury to
prepare the way for a trial at the bar of the
House, then you weie false to your duty, and
reckless of the privileges of the House, when, hist,
summer, upon the repoit of a committee organ-
ized m the same way with the one whose report
is now before us, and with its course of proce-
dure the same, you voted to .expel one member
and to censure another.
Is one set of rules to be administered to-day,
and another set to-morrow? Is the Constitution
to be construed to punish one man, and to screen
another? is the heavy arm of this House to be
lifted up to punish one man who circulates slander,
and to protect another who commits corruption
and public robbery? Is the other side of the
Chamber to resound with a chorus of clamors for
blood, when an assault is committed? and is it
to warble out low wailings of hypocritical solici-
tude for constitutional rights and official privi-
leges on behalf of those who stain the current of
legislation, and glut their greed with stolen gams?
Sir, I said 1 would not discuss the testimony,
and I will not. I have founded the remarks which
1 have made upon the charge of the committee,
and the evideut design of some members upon
this floor to screen the accused from trial. Let
the mode of procedure adopted last summer apply
now. Let not corruption bo the only thing pro-
tected by this House and by the Constitution.
The character of the country, the honor of this
body, and the usefulness of its members, require a
prompt administration of justice. Let the House
meet this question openly, and not shirk it by
sneaking evasions. That party which hugs cor-
ruption, and protects its impure members, ought
to perish, and will perish, under the consuming
curses of an inccnscd, a betrayed, and an insulted
people.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Warner,] one of the members of this com-
mittee, assumed in his argument, if I understood
it correctly, that the evidence as reported by the
committee was of a character sufficient of itself,
without any further trial, to justify an affirmative
vote of the House on the resolution for expulsion.
As I happen to be one of the members of the
House who differ from the committee in their
conclusion on that evidence, aisd as the Speaker
has decided that the debate on the pending motion
may take a wide range, as we have seen it take
already in the remarks of the Representative from
South Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,] who has given us
a minute history of the proceedings in "another
case, long since decided, I desire briefly to show
why I think it necessary that there should be, in
justice to the accused, a public trial at the bar of
the House, or else the report recommitted to the
committee for further examination.
I take the ground, that on the evidence as sub-
mitted by the two witnesses, without taking into
account anything of the impeachment of the wit-
ness Sweeney, by those respectable citizens of his
county who know him well, and who swear that
they would not believe him under oath, 1 am com-
pelled to say,after a cool,impartialcxamination,
analysis, and comparison of this testimony of
Sweeffey and Tiiplett, that it is inconclusive, con-
flicting, and antagonistical, and that it actually
defftroya itself. The gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Davis,] distinguished, able, and acute as
he is, declared in his report—which has gone all
over the land on the wings of the press, creating
an adverse public opinion on this subject—that
these two witnesses were examined separately,
immediately following each other, and without
their having any chance of consultation. He also
adds, that if both witnesses were unworthy of
belief, such a concurrence of testimony, in the
absence of all collusion, would of itself prove the
truth of the testimony,and that no collusion was
possible.
But would it not have been far more correct and
fair to have stated, in that report, which will be
all that nine tenths of the people will ever read
on this case, that instead of this testimony being
taken on one day—in which case his argument
that collusion was impossible would have^nad
some weight—the testimony elicited from these
two witnesses was taken on six different examin-
ations, and on four different days ? Nay, more,
that their testimony on Monday opens with a
statement from each of them, that their answers
on the previous Friday were not correct, and that
they then both proceeded to give material evi-
dence, the knowledge of which, it was understood
by the committee, they had denied on their first
examination. Would it not have been more just,
then, to have said that there were six different
examinations, and ample time for the two wit-
nesses to confer together in the interval between
each? I wish to disavow, in advance, any impu-
tation of intentional injustice on the part of the
I committee. 1 do not think they intended to wrong
I any one. But my examination of their procedure
] in this case leads me to the conviction that, in
| their zeal to purge this Hall of wrong-doers, they
] have been insensibly converted into prosecutors
| instead of judges; and that having adopted a
| theory of individual guilt, they have sought rather
for evidence to confirm it, than for that which
might have explained it away, and preserved the
character of the implicated member unharmed.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to draw the attention of
the House to some most remarkable discrepancies
between these various examinations, and between
the stones of the witnesses themselves. Sweeney
is first brought before the committee on Friday,
January 16. Instead of being a reluctant witness,
as assumed by the committee, he swears with
an apparent appetite. On the very first page of his
testimony, and in answer to the first question on
the subject, he lephes that he knows of congres-
sional corruption; knows it from hearsay, and
also of his own knowledge; that a member agreed
to get Triplett's book project through the House
for a certain amount of money; and he exhibited
to the committee an order in hi^ possession for
$14,500, signed by Triplett, not in favor of any
member, but in favor of Sweeney himself. The
■ very first question put by the committee as to the
name of the corrupt member, elicits, after an in-
quiry whether he was bound to answer, the name
of lion. William A. Gilbert; and nearly all the
remainder of his testimony on that day is devoted
to giving his version of this alleged contract, which
he declares was made between Triplett and Gil-
bert in his presence. I desire to examine its
details more closely than the committee seem to
have done.
On page 57, Sweeney proceeds to unfold this
corrupt bargain. He states:
" As near as I can remember, Triplett proposed that if
