1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W5
the book was taken at 31 35 per copy, he would give $7,500;
jf at ®1 40, he would increase $500 ; and so on at the same
fate up to $1 50 per copy. Beyond that, U seems to conflict
with this vfntin% ; and there is a conflict of opinion in rela-
tion to it elsewhere."
The committee, however, never did inquire
what was meant by this " elsewhere conflict of
opinion."
He goes on to add that it was a graduated-scale
contract—that it commenced at §1 35 and $7,500
bonus, or $1 40 and $8,000—and that it was the
expectation that the book would go in at $1 50
per copy. But, as he says that the increase was
to be " $500 for every five cents per copy beyond
35," and as this would not make $14,500, he
adds still another appendix to the graduated scale,
as follows:
cl I think he was to pa}'at the rate I have stated, and then
pay one or two thousand dollais in addition, if it went in as
lugh as $1 50.*'
Even this, however, would only make it ten or
•eleven thousand dollars at the highest; and I desire
members to notice that the House musthave been
expected to purchase an enormous number of
copies, when this corruption order gave away the
entire price often thousand of them !
Now, turn to the testimony of Triplett on the
first examination, the same day that Sweeney first
testifies, and I defy any member to find anything
in it, hinting directly or indirectly, in the slightest
or remotest degree, to any graduated scale what-
ever. He does not allude to any sucluthiug'. On
the contrary, the testimony excludes the suppo-
sition that there could have been such a scale.
He says, (see p. 67:)
" The proposal came to me in about this way. He asked
me lor what airiou.it I could afford to publibh the book. I
made a calculation, and stated \v!iat amount would satisfy
me for tlic publication of it. I think lie said he thought the
■thing could be got through for a better pnee than J had
named.
" By Mr. Orr.—Do you lemeinbet what that was ?
" Witness.—I could not>tdte with cuitainty." * * * "I
told him that I was willing to take a certain ~um for my book.
I think, pel haps, it. was .§1 40 pei copy; and that if it was put
in at a li.gher pace, J did not caie what became of the bal-
ance of it. Prior to the elo^e of the last bo^sion of Con-
gress, I gave to a thud man—not a member of Congress at
all, a man outside, an older for a certain amountof money,
predicated upon the supposition that it'the resolution passed
purchasing the book, this money was to be paid out of that
appropriation. I did not care about inquinng who was to
receive it. I did not care to inquire what became of it."
You look in vain in this testimony for any al-
lusion to the shding-scale arrangement, and no
intelligent observer can fail to notice the follow-
ing material discrepancies with Sweeney's testi-
mony:
1. They differ $8,000 at the outset—Sweeney
saying that that much was to be paid out of the
proceeds, if the book was taken at <$1 40, and
Triplett swearing that his offer was that he was to
have §1 40 per copy, and give away the overplas.
. 2. Sweeney testifies to a large quantity of figures
in connection with this sliding scale, but Triplett
testifies that his figuring was to ascertain the cost
of publication.
3. Although Triplett says " the proposal came
tome in about this way," yet, if you except a
natural suggestion by Gilbert that the book
might be got through at a better price than the
bare cost of publication, Triplett's owiytetimony
showed that the proffer of the sui-jiliis Wine from
him to Gilbert, not from Gilbert to him. And he
does not testify that Gilbert assented to it; but
on the contrary, on page 69, swears distinctly
that he did not understand he, Gilbert, was to have
this surplus, and never even inquired whether he
was to have a " part," or indeed " any" of it.
4. He does not allude to any " one or two
thousand dollars in addition, if it went in as high
as #1 50."
Five pages of the report are covered with Trip-
lett's testimony on this first day's examination, |
without a word passing his lips in regard to a !
graduated scale. But the next day (and it is fair
to presume that during the interval two persons,
as ftksely allied as the giver and receiver of the
$14300 order, may have met and conversed) he
appears again, "and, by the permission of the
committee, made the following statement, in ex-
planation of the testimony given by him yester- i
day." And now he says, " I think there was 1
something said about a graduated scale." Why
did not the committee learn from him whether he
had met and conversed with Sweeney since both
had testified the previous day, before they assume,
as they do in their report, that " no collusion was
possible?" Triplett also adds: " Although itmay
seem singular to you that I should not recollect
the whole circumstances, I cannot be precisely
accurate about it." It is singular indeed; but
although most of us would be'apt to remember
the details of a $14,500 transaction as recent as
this one, 1 shall make no further comment on
th:s lack of recollection.
But in this second examination of Triplett, ho
gave the committee an opportunity inadvertently
to test his veracity and recollection in contrast
with Gilbert's. He says, (page 71,) "At our first
conversation, when the member was introduced
to me, he [Sweeney] was not present." Gilbert, in
his sworn reply, avers (see page 79) thatSvveeney
asked to be allowed to mtioduce Triplett to him;
that he consented, and that Sweeney did introduce
them. Here is a conflict on a point easily set-
tled, the result of wliiph would have discredited
the one or the other. As Triplett declares that
Sweeney was not present at the first introduction,
and Gilbert says he teas, why was not Triplett
asked who did introduce them, and if he gave the
name of any one who on examination should deny
it, Gilbert's truthfulness would be affirmed, and
Triplett's evidence sadly impaired. Surely if the
committee had regarded the honor of a fellow-
membrr with as watchful care as they did the
character of a witness under impeachmont before
them, they could not have failed to insist thai this
discrepancy should be settled, even if it inured
in favor of the gentleman from New York. The
explanation of Mr. Gilbert under oath, of this
transaction, is so natural and apparently truthful,
that I quote it 111 full from page 7!) of the leport:
During the first j-c^mu I ica? iiiformed by Mr. Sweeney
thai an eftoit was bem<  made by a IVIi. Bennett, who had
published a hook on t' e pension and bounty land law-!, to
procinc the pawnee of a u;^otuti"u by the Ilou^e topui-
cha^e bw woi U foi di-*ti ilmf ion ; thai Bennett'^ hook was a
piiacy ol a compilation by.Mr. TuplHtt. toruviiv connected
with ilif Pension Otlice, picpared atul pubh-=hjd at the le-
qui--L ol' the Commn->i(.)jer ol Pennon.-*, with gieat labor
and expense ; that it would be an outrage to em ouia^e such
a fraud; that Tnplott's book was the be^t ananjied and
most compact, and could be aflorded for a less pi ice than
that asked by Bennett; thatTnplet! had tried sevehil times;,
but had pretty much given up the eftbit fo get a resolution
through for his book, but was bent on defeating Bennett, and
asked if I would allow him io uiUoduce Triplett to me! I
consented, and subsequently he introduced Mr. Triplett to rue.
I talked with him about hi-- book, and it - pi ice, paihculaily
as compared with that of .Bennett's?, and having examined
and heaid the history of the two books, told Imn I thought
his woik a valuable one tor distrdmnon, and that underthe
^circumstances of i[s compilation it ought to be adopted in
preference to Bennett's, lie stated, if neeessaiy to deieai
Bennett, he would be willing to puc his book in at cost, or
even less than cost. I replied that if the book was adopted,
it should be at a fair remunerative price ; and a.^ked him
what he could furnish the woik fot ? Ifo aftfrw.ud* in-
formed me what he could furni-h it for, and <^aid he did not
care what became of any excess. I do not know what
Sweeney may have rold him of my views or purposes, nor
what inference he (Triplett) may have diawn in regard to
them, from what Sweeney may have told him, and from
the circumstances as they weie presented to his inmd. No
hgrecmetit was made uith rncbij M?. Triplett, Sweeney, or
any other pet son, whereby I was to have, or did expect to have,
any benefit from the passage of the revolution. I never knew
of, cr had the remotest idea of, the existence of the writing
or order until after it ivas piodaced before the committee. "
And, sir, much of this is corroborated by Trip-
lett's cvidcncc also. He states distinctly, on page
68, that he gave the order on Sweeney's request
alone; that Gilbert had never asked to have any
such paper; that there was no distinct under-
standing between them as to the appropriation
of this money; that it was his impression Sweeney
got the order for Gilbert, though the member
never told him so; that Sweeney came to him origin-
ally upon the subject, (page 69,) and knew all
about the matter from the first; that he supposed
Sweeney was the friend of Gilbert, and that if he
paid him it would be satisfactory; that, in fact,
he never inquired what part Gilbert was to have,
or whether he was to have any.
How Sweeney came to be so zealous on the
subject, is easily seen from his own testimony,
though the committee fail to ask him for partic-
ulars, which would have thrown a flood of light
over the whole affair. On page 65, the concluding
sentence of his first day's examination i^;
<c In no other way than that have I had any interest
except what was between the author and myself.''
And previously he alluded to this additional
contract still more directly. On pa^e 60 he says,
with an ascending scale of recollection:
<k if the resolution had gone through, I supposersR author
would have compensated me. [ had an expectation of that
soit; and. fact, I bad a pkomios. of the eon."
It appears, therefore, that not only was there a
§14,500 contract, in which, on its face, Triplett
and Sweeney were the only parties, but in which
they endeavor to implicate Gilbert, by iirst tes-
tifying to their own guilt, and then seeking to
connect him with it, but there was another pecu-
niary contract between Triplett and Sweeney
besides, depending on the success of this work.
In any court of justice in the land, the full partic-
ulars of that arrangement also would have been
sought for, bearing, as it d<jes, on the nnimus of
the parties. But the committee, apparently (as I
regret to say) so willing for testimony against
their fellow-members, that they ask leading ques-
tions by the page of witnesses against them,
which would not be allowed m the trial of the
vilest murderer or the paltriest sheep thief, even
when the accused parties were present, do not ask
a single question as to the details of this addi-
tional contract between these confessedly guilty
parties. It is left with all Us mystery unexposed;
and the inference infavorofthe truth ofGilbert's
defense—which would have been drawn by ail,
if it had appeared, on probing this contract, that
Sweeney was to be paid for endeavoring to im-
press members whom he knew with the superior
vulu'1 of Triplett's book over-Bennett's, and the
benefit they would render their constituents by
subscribing for it—is all estopped by the failure
of the committee to make any inquiry whatever
about it. 1 can only say that, as the written
contract of §14,500 would require the entire pur-
chase-money of fen thousand copies to pay it, and
as Sweeney had "a promise" of an unknown
sum, m addition,and as the printer,paper-maker,
and book-binder, would expect to be paid out of
the appropriation,an enormous order by Congress
must have been in contemplation, even to remune-
rate the authorfor his actual cash outlays,without
calculating any profit for himself!
Another most remarkable development in this
testimony is, that neither icitness, o&thf first day's
examination, (which filled ten pagesTor Sweeney,
and fiveforTripleit,)remeniberedHon.Jlfr. Welch,
of Connecticut^ as having anything to do with con-
gressional corruption; and if their testimony had
closed there, he would have been, as an intimate
acquaintance of Gilbert, a most valuable witness
in his favor on this trial. But, by a. strange coin-
cidence , after the time from Friday to Monday had
elapsed, both Sweeney and Triplett come for-
ward, and arc each " permitted to make the fol-
lowing explanation, each declaring that their
previous answers were not exactly correct, and
each now implicating "Welch as a partner in cor-
ruption—Sweeney narrating a highly improbable
story, to which I shall refer hereafter, of Welch
suggesting to him a desire for fifty dollars to re-
port a private bill which Sweeney fav<&fed, though,
on page 63, the previous day, he had sworn that
no member had indicated or intimated any such
thing to him—and Triplett connecting Welch with
his book contract. *
I pass over Sweeney's credibility with but little
remark, for I think the impeachment of his char-
acter very strong. Although he was allowed to
be present to cross-examine witnesses who im-
peached him, while the peer and fellow-member
of these committee-men was excluded from their
room, while the evidence to blast his character
was being taken; although the committee ruled
down the examination of witnesses impeaching
Sweeney, to the strict legal questions, (see pages
81 and 84,) refusing even to allow a witness to
speak of " a single circumstance" affecting Swee-
ney's credibility, while the same member who
objects there, himself asks witnesses against Gil-
bert "loading questions" by the score, mid on
pages 57, 69, and 73, seeks to elicit the witness's
"impressions"instead ofnctualfactsjalrhough,on
page 89, the committee furnish their ablest lawyer,
the gentleman from Maryland, as a cross-ques-
tioner for Sweeney, but have no such proffer to
the Representative from New York when his
character is in review before them; although the
committee seek to elicit testimony against their
fellow-member, (see page 60,) by telling a witness
that " it is due to other witnesses that their testi-
mony should be corroborated," while they have
no such suggestions to make when the character
of a witnessTwho himself acknowledges a guilty
| participation in a corrupt contract, is being exam-
' ined into,—yet, in spite of all this, it seems to me,
that the positive testimony of five prominent and
