898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
previous question be sustained, on which ques-
tion it will brin°: the House to vote ?
The SPEAKER. It will bring the House to
vote first oil the motion to recommit with instruc-
tions; and when that is disposed of, on the reso-
lutions of the committee.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I hope the gentle-
man from Virginia will withdraw it, for I am not
prepared to vote on all these questions.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
previous question will be considered as on the
motion only to recommit, with, instructions, and
Hot to apply to the resolution of the committee.
* There was no objection.
Mr. RENNET?, of New York. I want to
fiay one word to the House.
Mr. ORR, and others. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can modify
his resolution.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I desire to
offer this as an amendment to my resolution, so
that I may say a word.
The SPEAKER. It will not be a debatable
question.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I am not
going to talk about general matters. I want to
say a word about the evidence of Simonton.
[Cries of " I object!"]
The SPEAKER. Unless the previous ques-
tion be withdrawn, the gentleman cannot pro-
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I ask the
gentleman from Virginia to withdraw the pre-
vious question. What I desire to say lelates to
one fact 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I offer the
fol.owing as an addition to my resolution of in-
structions:
And that the committee be a Wo instructed to sinke out
all cx parte evidence of opinions, impiesMons, inference^,
and conjectures*
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to limiting the
operation of the previous question.
Mr. ALLISON, I would ask the gentleman
from Virginia to withdraw the previous question
till I can make a suggestion which I think will
meet the objections all round. That is, that the
testimony which has been stricken out be pub-
lished , and that the matter be taken up to-morrow
at two o'clock, and disposed of.
The SPEAKER. Debate in not in order. By
the consent of the llous« the Chair limits the
effect of the previous question to the motion to
recommit,
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish it to be understood
that i objected to that. I object to it in every
form.
The SPEAKER. The objection comes too late.
Unanimous consent was given.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I ask the
consent of the House, pending the call for the
previous question on the motion to recommit, that
the answer of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Gilbert] be read.
There was no objection; and the paper was read,
as follows:
ifo/l, William A. Gilbert's answer tn, ami denial
oj\ the charges made against him in the House of
Hepresentalives, on Ike 19th instant.
The Select Committee appointed by the resolu-
tion of the House of the 9th January to investi-
gate certain charges referred to tn the preamble of j
the resolution haviug presented a report charging
the undersigned with corrupt misconduct as a#
member, and recommending his expulsion, he
bugs leave to submit some observations upon that
report, and the statements of witnesses upon
winch it is based.
Two charges are made against Mr. Gilbert by
the committee:
1. "That he did agree with P. P. C. Triplett to
procure the passage of a resolution or bill through j
the present Congress tor the purchase by Con- |
gress of certain copies of the book of the said |
Triplett on the pension and bounty land laws, ■
in. consideration that said Triplett should allow
him to receive a certain sum of money out of the
appropriation for the purchase of the book."
2. "That he did cast his vote on the Iowa land
bill, depending heretofore before this Congress,
for a corrupt consideration, consisting of seven
square miles of land, and some stock given t or to
be given, to him."
By reference to the original and amended reso-
lutions appointing the select committee, it will be
seen that they were authorized to investigate cer- (
tain charges " that the members of the House had ;
entered into corrupt combinations for the purpose j
of passing and of preventing the passage of certain :
measures during the present Congress."
The questions then arise, m the outset, what
jurisdiction had the committee to prefer the
charges they have presented; and what jurisdic-
tion can the House exercise even if the charges
were true ?
I. Whatever power the House might have to
inquire into the motives for which individual i
members (( cast their vote" upon the Iowa land j
bill, none was intrusted by the House to this
committee. They were selected to inquire whether
" members had entered into corrupt combinations
for the purpose of passing or preventing the pas-
sage of measures before Congress."
Whatever might be the offense of an individual j
member, or the corrupt consideration that influ- j
enccd his vote, was a matter entirely distinct j
from the charges that prompted the investigation,
and was entirely beyond the power conferred
upon the committee.
Again, as to the first charge—the alleged agree-
ment to procure the passage of a resolution to
purchaseTriplett's book—it is not even pretended
that any such measure was ever before the pres-
ent Congress. No petition, bill, or resolution
upon the subject was even introduced. Whether
such agreement would be legitimate or immoral,
what jurisdiction could be exercised over it by
the committee or by the House, unless it related j
to some measure before the House? Until some
such measure came before the House, some overt
act done in the House, and pursuant to the agree-
ment, or some oflfoit made, as a member, to carry
it into effect, it was beyond the jurisdiction of the
House. If any other view be taken, where is the
limit of jurisdiction over the agreements or con-
duct of members > It is submitted that no prin-
ciple, no precedent, or authority, has been or can
be shown by the committee to justify the juris-
diction they have themselves exercised and in-
voke from the House, upon a subject that never
was before that body.
It is submitted that a due regard to parliament-
ary law, to common justice, and a decent respect
to the rights, the character, and feelings of a fel-
low-member, required the committee to submit
the question of jurisdiction to the consideration
and judgment of the House before they preferred
such a charge, excited prejudice against him, and
affixed a stigma to his name.
II. The committee having disregarded these
considerations, and made a defamatory report
against a member of the House, it becomes neces-
sary briefly to examine the grounds on which
they profess to rest their accusation. " The tes-
timony of tioo witnesses," says the report, " re-
lates to that member." In regard to this testi-
mony, as it is called, it will be observed, first,
that it was taken by the committee ex parte, with-
out notice to the accused, behind his back, and
was thirteen days in possession of the committee
before any information of it was given to the
party. The record shows that Sweeney and Trip-
lett were examined on the 16th of January.—
(Report, pp. 55, 66.) On the 29th of January
Mr. Gilbert was informed, by a note from the
chairman, that" certain testimony (a copy thereof
being furnished) was given before the committee,
m which his 'name appears.'" But what view
was taken by the committee of that testimony;
whether it was regarded as within the scope of
theirinquiry; whether it would be the foundation
of any charge against him, or would be acted upon
by them, was not only undisclosed, but carefully
concealed from the party until the report was read
in the House; for the record shows (page 80)
that an anxious and distinct application being
made to know whether they regarded Sweeney's
testimony as "of sufficient importance to justify
further proceedings so far as he was concerned,"
in order that he might prepare his defense, he
was informed that the committee would not " in-
timate any opinion*." " that he must himself be
the judge of the nature t extent, and scope of his
defense." Thus accused in the dark, until the
moment when the report was read, was left
without any intimation of the nature, extent, and
scope of defense that might be requisite.
It may be said, indeed, that he had a copy of
the testimony. But when the resolution of the
House limited the jurisdiction of the committee
to*" combinations of members for the purpose of
passing, or preventing the passage, of measures
before Congress/' how was he to know that his
alleged conduct in regard to a measure never be-
fore Congress, or that the consideration for which
his individual vote was cast on the Iowa bill, was
to be the subject of specific charges against him
by the committee — that these were embraced
within the nature, extent, and scope of the re-
quired defense ! In former cases, the conduct of
individual members named in the resolution, or re-
lating to particular specified transactions, have
been the subject of inquiry, but in the whole range
of parliamentary proceedings no instance parallel
to the action of this committee can be found.
III. It is further said in the report, that " the
committee tendered to Mr. Gilbert an opportu-
nity to confront the witnesses whose testimony
related to him, and to have them subject to exam-
ination in his presence, but this was declined by
him." But when was this " tender" made ? The
record shows that it was not until the 3d day of
February. But on the 16th, 17th, and 20th of
January, the witnesses were before the commit-
tee without any notice to the party of what was
going on against him, and not until fourteen days
after the testimony was closed, when the last
arrow was discharged, and when the committee
acknowledged they had no " testimony m re-
serve," they offered him the slim chance of re-
| calling Sweeney and Triplett; refusing, however,
to let him know to what point he should direct
his examination, or what was the nature, extent,
and scope of needful defense.
Under these circumstances, it is submitted, that
in no form of procedure can "the statements of
these witnesses have any character as evidence .
against him.
IV. The position in which the witnesses stand,
the nature of their statements, and the manner
of their examination by the committee, are also
worthy of notice.
The only two witnesses are Sweeney and Trip-
lett, who stand, by their own confession,-in the
position of acknowledged accomplices of each
other's guilt, and who seek to connect Mr. Gil-
bert with themselves in their offense, thereby to
escape the consequence of their own admitted acts.
They are uncorroborated by a single witness, or
a single fact stated by any other person; and the
shallow effort of the committee to strengthen their
statement by their corroboration of each other would
excite a smile, if it were not done for the grave
purpose of affixing a guilty stain upon a fellow-
member. The testimony of parties whose own
guilt is manifest, has never been held, even in
slight matters, sufficient evidence to establish the
guilt of another, unless corroborated by some
honest witness, or some fact outside of their own
testimony; no concurrence betioeen themselves is
adequate for that purpose. The allegation of the
committee that there is a u substantial concur-
rence" will hereafter be shown to be incorrect.
V. The statements of these persons, moreover,
consist of conversations unaccompanied and un-
corroborated by any act; a class of evidence
justly characterized by a distinguished judge of
the Supreme Court, " as the most doubtful and
suspicious of all proof, seldom correctly remem-
bered or truly stated, easily and almost always
misrepresented."—(2 Wallace.) Nor is this all;
for the record shows, p. 57, that the chief wit-
ness, Sweeney, does not pretend to remember
the details of the conversation on which the whole
charge rests; that he was not even required to
state them; but that the committee, acting behind
the back of the member, called for Sweeney's
" impression," and lent him their aid by leading
questions that would not be tolerated in any
court of justice.
For example: the first and only serious charge
is the contract with Triplett, which was at first
intimated to be in writing. But when the con-
tract was called for, Sweeney acknowledged it
was in his own name, and when produced, it was
found to be an agreement between Triplett and
Sweeney alone, or rather an order by Triplett on
the Clerk of the House in favor of Sweeney, in
which Gilbert's name is not even mentioned.—
