&> 0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
him, but soon relinquished him to Mr. Davia,
who immediately relinquished him to Mr. Ritchie.
He tried him in vain for another page-and a half,
and gave him back to Mr. Davis, who again failed.
Mr. Orr then complains: " By Mr. Orr.—I think
you put yourself in an awkward position by the
course you are taking, especially when you say
you know what we are driving at." Mr. Davis
agajn resumed and again failed to reach 4 4 what
they are driving at." Mr. Warner, Mr. Davis,
$nd Mr. Orr, then by turns resinned the task, and
at last the witness, taking their opinion " as gen-
tlemen and as lawyers," has pity on them, and
tells his story. That story has for its date "warm
weather," for its place " somewhere about^Four-
and-a-half street, for. its time " late in the even-
ing," and for its accompaniment " a glass of soda j
water;" and it " very much surprised " the wit-
ness, so much so that he went home and remarked
to his family that " I thought it very strange that
he should have placed himself in that position."
(Report,p. 64.) The land had no location, he did
t&ot know how the conversation originated; but
the name of the negotiator was an ex-member of
Congress, Mr.4 Chase, a witness before the com-
mittee, who proved that the transaction had never
taken place.
X. With these observations, the testimony of
Sweeney is dismissed, with the single remark,
that if a witness was ever successfully impeached
in his general character, and his character for,1
truth and veracity, by general reputation and
particular facts, James II. Sweeney is that man;
and if anything be wauling to show the House
the nttci pei version of the testimony by the com-
mittee, it will be found by reading their statement
as to. Sweeney fs character, and the evidence of
impeachment, it is true, some witnesses held his
character good* and would believe him; and so it
is always. Nothing is more extraordinary than
that any man, however base, cannot find some
one who will believe lum if lie swears to an evil
story against another. But whrn*fiv<* witnesses,
of high peisoual chru.trfei, y,HMt inh'iligrii< r, and
unquestioned nuc^ ity, conn- from a man's home
and swear that jus general chaiaotcr is bad, I'nut
/ii? chat acter Jar truth and i-rrarifij />• bad, that they
would nut believe lum on oath — and, upon a oioss-
examinalion, show that by his foitner friends and
benefactois, like Justin J. Butterficid, late Com-
missioner of the Land Ofuce,and others, by ins
partners in business, by those who have: had no
{lispute or controversy, political or otherwise,
with linn—that by such pei.vms hr is icgaid'-d,
in his own neighborhood, as *' iorten-h(\irted,"
4< fraudulent,'5 41 tr^aHierouMj" " lying," u de-
ceitful,"" revengeful," '' hypocritical/1 " false,"
and dishonest," there is in the character of
such a man nothing to justify faith or credit in
y any story, however piobable m i use If, much le.-^s
when the *tory comes* as Sweeney's came, and
is such as he tells. The committee, moreover,
are. constrained to confess that he is vindictive
when provoked, and not over-scrupulous in his
measures of i evenge " (Ilcpoit, p 8.)
, XI. The time already occupied forbids, and,
indeed, it is unnecessary, to make much remark
as to the remaining witness, Tnplert; tor the case
Y/ill be found to rest, entirely upon Sweeney's
shoulders. With a book that he wanted Con-
gress to buy, it appears from his own statement
that Triplet!, starting out with the notion that
" nobody who knows the organization of Con-
gress expects to carry'anything through it merely
by love of justice," he was introduced by Swee-
ney to Mr. Gilbert; and upon that introduction
some conversation took place in respect to <he
book, and theprice at which it could be furnished;
Triplett mentioning the price he would take, and
that he did not care what became of the balance.
It appears that Sweeney was engaged m lobby-
ingclaims; and sum** time *fUr this interview,
Triplett gave to him the order upon the Clerk of
the House that has been mentioned. No resolu-
tion to purchase the book ever passed, nor was
one ever offered. fJe states that Mr. Gilbert
never asked for the order. Me, therefore, had no
more than Sweeney's word that any member of
Congress was interested in it. Sweeney icas the
y&ty who came to him originally upon the subject—
. page G3. He did not know who was to receive
the money; " he did not care about inquiring who
was to,receive it." But as his knowledge failed
to show any guilt, his impiestions were invoked.
" By Mr. Orr.—Was it your impression, when
Mr. Sweeney made application to you for the
writing, that it was made in consequence of any-
thing that had passed between him and the mem-
ber; in other words, that his application was based
upon an interview with the member?
" Witness.—That was my impression, though iht
member never told me so.' The truth is, Mr. Swee-
ney came to me originally upon the subject,"&,c.—
Report, p. 69.
So that Triplett's (i impressions" from Siceenerfs
stories are all that were derived from this witness
by the committee!
From the beginning to the end, the charge rests
solely upon Sweeneyrs uncorroborated story, so
far as there is any guilt to be imputed.
XII. Prom the sources that have been men-
tioned, and by the means referred to, the com-
mittee have derived their charge. That, stand-
ing alone, it is wholly unsupported by anything
worthy of the name of evidence, must be plain to
eveiy candid mind. But when notified of their
proceedings, Mr. Gilbert appeared before the
committee, and, under oath, put in his answer to
the defamatory story; that answer, full and com-
plete, alleges, among other things, that "no agree-
ment was made with me by Mr. Triplett, Swee-
ney, or any other person, whereby I was to have j
or did expect to have any benefit from the pas-
sage of the resolution. I never knew of or had
the remotest idea of the existence of the writing
or order until after it was produced before the
committee." And in regard to the Iowa land
bill, I have to say, that I have not the slightest
recollection of ever having had a conversation
with Sweeney on the subject, and I know that I
never told him that I was to have seven square
miles or any other quantity of land for my vote.
I never stipulated for any quantity of land or other
pecuniary consideration for my vote for that or
any other bill."
4< i have voted upon all the measures before
Congress since f have been a membei according
to the dictates of iny judgment, and not from any
moiivvs of personal gam. "- - It-port, p. 79.
The iftcoid shows (p. 76) that the committee
I decided they would not regard him as a witness.
Hut fffcm that decision he appeals to the better
judgment of the House, and claims, that in cases
of this natuie the statement of a member under
oath is evidence in his favor of the highest char-
acter, that cannot be overcome but by the testi-
mony of two uninineached witnesses. This he is
ad vised'" i* the pat hainentary law; and without
this wholesome rule ameinber ofCongress would
be at the mercy of any scoundrel that infests the
Halls of Congress. His statement is, moreover,
confirmed by the testimony of Mr. Welch and
Mr. Chase, both of whom swear to facts wholly
inconsistent with the stories of Sweeney. Justice
to himself would lequire some other points in the
report and proceedings of the committee to be
noticed, were it not that the defense ha." already
extended beyond the limits he desired. Tins ne-
cessity has been imposed upon him by the irreg-
ular and unfair proeedine to which he h6s been
subjected. But, without further remaik, he sub-
mit.-'. his case to the Tlouse. If th* chaige be en-
tertained he demands an open trial by the House,
where justice wul be administeied according to
legal evidence, and in legal form, and where his
lights as a man and his privileges as a member
will be respected. Protesting his innocenec m
fact and intention in every respect wherewith he
stands chaigcd, with an apology for the length
of these remnrk •, he cheerfully abides the judg-
ment of the Hous*.
On the 19th instant, charges were pieties iter] in
the House by a majority of the select committee
against the undersigned, in substance as follows:
J. That the undeisigned made an agreement
with F. F. C. Triplett to procure the passage of
a bill, or resolution, through Congress, for the
purchase of cettam copies of the hook of said
Triplett on the pension nnd bounty le>nd laws, m
consideration that said Triplett should allow the
undersigned to receive a certain sum of money
out of the appropriation for the purchase of said
book.
2. That the undersigned did cast his vote on
the Iowa land bill,"heretofore depending before
\\ this Congress, for a corrupt consideration, con-
|| sisting of seven square miles of land, and some
.! stock, given, or to be given, to him.
That no specification of either of said charges
has ever been served upon, or given to him, the
undersigned, or presented to this House, before
the 19th instant, nor any notice theieof given
him until that day; and no opportunity has yet
been offered to the undersigned to defend himself
against said charges, or to have a trial thereon.
That said charges are unfounded and false; and
the undersigned believes he can clearly and con-
clusively establish that fact, and vindicate his
charactcr, if a fair trial is allowed to him; and
he, here in hia place, demands such a trial at the
bar of the House, not only as his privilege and
right as a member of this House, but as his right
as a man and a citizen, not to be condemned un-
heard, and upon ex parte statements of a witness
who admits his own turpitude and criminality.
The undersigned, therefore, enters this denial
of every charge made against him, and demands
a trial thereon; and demands to have his denial
and demand for trial entered upon the Journal of
the proceedings of this House.
W. A. GILBERT.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. May I be allowed
to ask a single question before the previous ques-
tion is pressed upon the House ?
Mr. Mc&UEEN. I object.
Mr. BENNF/IT, of New York. I desire to
withdraw the last amendment which I proposed
to my resolution.
Mr. MILLSON I rise to a question of order.
I desire to know of the Chair whether the motion
, to recommit with instructions is divisible, so that
the question may be first taken upon the motion
to recommit?
The SPEAKER. The motion to "recommit
with instructions is not divisible. By the consent
of the House, however, the previous question is
only made to apply to the motion to recommit.
Mr. MILLSON. So I understand; but if the
House should reject the motion to recommit,
would it then be in order to move to have the
evidence printed, togetherwith the portions which
have been omitted to which the gentleman from
New York has referred ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair hardly sees how
it can be done without ogam recommitting; but
if the motion fcto recommit be rejected, the pre-
vious question will then hav£ been exhausted,
and the House can take such action as it may
see proper.
Mr. il ARRIS, of Maryland. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I rose and desired to ask a ques-
tion, and was ruled out of order. I wish to know
by what rule the gentleman from Yirginia is
allowed to propound questions to the Chair?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia rose to a question of order, and was*in
order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the House take
a recess until seven o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order.
The previous question was seconded; and the
il mam question ordered to be put,
]\ Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon the motion to recommit.
.! The yeas and nuys were oidered.
|| Mr. SHERMAN. Is the motion to take a
recess now in order?
'] The SPEAKER. It is not, except by unanic
i' mous consent.
ii
! MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
;j Asburt Dk kin*u, its Secretary, informing the
lj House Unit the Senate had passed without amend-
,i ment the bill of this Houses to authonze the
, people of the Territory of Minnesota to form a
| J constitution and State government, preparatory to
i their adimssiun into the Union on an equal foot-
ing with the original States; also, that the Senate
had agreed to the amendments of the House to
< the submarine telegraph bill.
CHSE OF HOiW W. A. GILBERT AGAIN".
Mr. WALKER. I desire to ask a question.
;[ What would be the effect if the House should
pass the resolution of the gentleman from New
j York3 As I understand it, the committee which
\ reported a few days since in functus officio.
!i Now, what I want to know is, whether the re-
ij committal of this matter will have the effect of
j| keeping alive the committee, or Whether it will
li require further action upon the part of the House?
