1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GJ.OPE.
m
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
at any time prior to the final disposition of the
report, the effect of recommitting that report will
be to revive the committee.
Mr. WALKER. As far as I remember the
resolution raising this committee, they were in-
structed to inquire into -certain matters 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I rise to a ques-
• tion of ordes. I liave not the slightest desire to
interfere with my friend from Alabama, but I
desired to propound a question quite as proper as
that the gentleman from Alabama is asking.
The SPEAKER. The gejitleman from Ala-
bama was proceeding by unanimous consent.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I object.
Mr. WALKER. Very well. I will not press
it.
The question was taken; and if was decided in
the negative—yeas 73, nays 123; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ball, Barbour, Henry Bennett, Benson,
CHss, Bradshaw, Burlm;*ame,Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Cragm, ilam-
* rell, Dean, Dieksoii,Dodd, Flagler, Granger, Robert B.Hall,
Hailan, J. Morrison Ihwrris, Hodges, Holloway, Thomas R.
Horton, Valentine B. Ilorton, Howard, Hughston, Knowl-
ion, Leiter, Mace, Humphrey Marshall, McCaity, Kilhan
Miller, Morgan, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Andrew Oliver,
Paine, Parlsei, Pennington, terry, Pettit, Pike, frmgle,
Itobbiiis, Robeits, Robison, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Sherman,
Simmons, Stanton, Stianahan, Swopc, Tappan, Thoring-
fon, Thurston, Trai'ton, Underwood, Wade, Wakeman,
Walbrtdge, Waldron, CadwaladerC. Washbuine, Ellihu B.
Washbume, Israel Washburn, Watson, Wood, and Wood-
ruff—73.
NAYS — Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Albright, Allen, Allison,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bingham, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce,
Branch, Brenton, Broom, lluflinton, Burnett, Cadwaladci,
James £1. Campbell, John P. Campbell, Caihle, Caruthers,
Caskie, Clmgman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Comms, Co-
vode, Cox,X>aige, Ciawford, Cllllen, Cuinbaek, David on,
Henry Winter Davis, Jacob C. Davr-. Timothy Davis, Day,
Denver, De Witt, D'.uvdcll, Dunn, Durfee, Edie, Kdniunti-
son,Elliott, English, Etlieudge, Eustis. Faulknei, Florence,
Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Calloway, (Jarnett, (ioode,
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Thomas L. Harris, ilanison,
Haven, IJcibeit, IiolTman, Houston, Jewett, Geoige W.
Jones, Kent, Kelly, Kidwell, Knapp, ICuight, Knox, Kun-
kel, Lake, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Samuel .Mai-
shall, Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Mill-
son, Millwaid, Mooie, Mornll, Mouison, Norton, Oil',
Packer, Peck, Porter, Powell, Purvianee, Puryeai, Gun-
man, Ready, Rieaud, Ritchie, Ruffin, Sandidge, Savage,
Scott, Seward. Slioiter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
William R. Smith, Spinner, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Todd,
Tyson, Vail, Walker, Warner, Watkms, Wheeler, Whit-
ney, Williams, Wmsloiv, Woodwork, Daniel B, Wright,
John vrwugllt, and ZolUcoffei—l:£i.
So the motion to recommit with instructions
was not agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. Q.UITMAN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Barksdale, was detained from the House by
sickness.
Mr. SAPP stated that his colleague, Mr.
Emrie, had paired off with Mr. Rkst for the
balance of'the day.
Mr. WAKEMAN stated that Mr. Pelton
was still detained from the House on account of
-illness.
Mr. ORR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the motion to recommit was rejected, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I now move the follow-
ing resolution, and call the previous question:
Resolvetl, That tins House will foithwitl) proceed with
the trial of Hon. W. A. Gilbert; and that the Serjeant-at-
Arms he directed to nummon F. F. C. Tnplot.t, James R.
Sweeney, and other witnesses, to the bar of the House;
and that the said Gilbert he heard by himself or counsel.
Mr. WALKER. I want to get the ear of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania for a moment to
ask a question; and I ask him to withdraw his
demand for the previous question for that pur-
pose.
Mr. PUR.VIANCE. I ivill withdraw the de-
mand for that purpose.
Mr. WALKER. I ask the gentleman to an-
swer this question. He proposes now to proceed
to the trial of the Hon. W. A. Gilbert, a mem-
' ber of this House from the State of New York,
and to brmg in Sweeney and Triplett to testify
before the House. 1 ask what is to be the form
of procedure ia that trial ? Who is to put the
Questions upon the part of the House r
Mr. WAKEMAN. All of us.
Mr. WALKER. Just wait a moment. Is the
Speaker of the House to put the questions, or is
a committee to be appointed by the Speaker to
put them, or is such a committee to be elected by
the House? When the trial commences, we are
.ell to .sit here as judges, and each one of us has
the right to object to any question asked as in
violation of the rules of evidence.
Mr. STANTON. Is this in order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-4
sylvania withdraws the call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WALKER. I assure the House that I am
speaking, not to consume time unnecessarily or
to throw any obstacle in the way of the progress
of this case. I do it from the best motives.
Mr. STANTON. I am a^vare of that.
Mr. WALKER. If these witnesses' arc to
appear before the House, I have a right to rise
and say I object to a question which may be pro-
pounded, because, in my judgment, it may not
be within the scope of the well-known rules of
evidence. I have the right to state my reasons.
Every member upon the floor has the same right
to give his reasons withm the hour rule. That
right covers every man upon this floor. When
the debate shall have been ended on that question,
then another question arises—who is to decide
on the point? Shall it be the Speaker, or by a
vote of this House? If by the latter, what coursc
is to be pursued ? If we fall back upon the rules
governing a court, every member of the House
has the right to answer in his own way seriatim.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I yielded to the gentle-
man to propound a question, and not to make a
speech.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I ask the gentleman to let
me eite a precedent. [Cries of " I object!"]
Mr. PURVIANCE. I can yield no further.
I demand the previous question.
Mr. (?LlNGMAN. I'wish it to be known
that I object to whatever is irregular.
Mr. WALKER. I think that my friend from
Pennsylvania misunderstands me.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I object to this debate,
pending the call for the previous question.
Mr. WALKER. Then I hope the House will
vote down the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania moves a substitute for the resolution of
the committee, and calls for the prcviousquestion.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. What will be the effect
of sustaining the call for the previous question'
The SPEAKER. If the House ordenttlic pre-
vious question to be put, the question will be first,
under the rales of the House, on the resolution
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania as a sub-
stitute for the resolutions of the committee. If
that be negatived, the question will then be on the
resolutions reported by the commtttee. [Cries of
" Gluestion!"]
Mr. STANTON. My understanding of the
gentleman's proposition is, that it was offered as
an independent, and preliminary resolution.
Mr. PURVIANCE. It is offered as an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute. I ask the
Chair what will be the effect of the previous ques-
tion on ihc substitute?
The SPEAKER. The vote will first be taken
on ihe gentleman's resolution, and then on the
resolutions reported by the committee.
Mr. PURVIANCE. Then I desire to submit
my proposition as an independent and preliminary
one, and on that 1 call for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules of the House
a proposition cannot be made, and the previous
question called on it, without the previous ques-
tion operating on the final question.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I withdraw the call for
the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTOX. I renew it.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I rise to a point of order.
I understand the Chair to decide that the propo-
sition of tiie gentleman from Pennsylvania is in
the nature of a substitute.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands it
to be so moved by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania-. It is the substitution of one course of pro-
cedure for another; and if the previous question
be sustained, the question will first be on the pro-
cedure moved by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, and then on-that proposed by the com-
mittee.
Mr. STANTON. I understand that it is not
a substitute, but a mere preliminary proceeding,
that the House shall inquire into all the facts.
Mr. WAKEMAN. In the case of John Smith,
in the Senate, there was a resolution reported
similar to that of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. [Loud cries of " Order!"]
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to" a question of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from N.ew
York rises to a question of order, and has -tlra
right-to state it. -- ;
Miv WAKEMAN. I will state my point'of
order. This matter comes before the Hbuseon
the report of the committee. • The gentleman
from Pennsylvania moves his resolution as an-ifl-
eidental proposition- to-enablethe House to' come
to a fair understanding as to the vote which "shall
be given on the final proposition. As proof of
thatyl give the case of John Smith, which 'arose •
in the Senate m I8Q8. [Cries of " Order i"]
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to debate
the question. The House is governed by its
rules regulating the manner in which the previous
question shall be put. The .rule of the'House is,
tliat where a question is before the House,-no
question shall be received except those laid down,
one of which is to amend, and, the previous .ques-
tion being called, it operates oil the one, and thea
on the other. The vote will first be im the. prop-
osition of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. %
Mr. PURVIANCE. 1 want a direct vote on
that proposition i
vThe SPEAKER. That, is the pending question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say to tlie--ge -
tleman from New York [Cries of " Order"!
1 withdraw the call for the previous qq^stRtn, to
say a woid. If the gentleman who is'implicated
in this proceeding desires to be heard, I shall, so
far as I am concerned, give him every opportunity
to be heard, even when the previous question is
seconded. I renew the call. * <
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I wish to propound a
question. [Cries of " Order!"] I wish to know
what the gentleman from Alabama means by
what he has just said? [Cries of " Orde"'"_
The SPEAKER. Debate is not m oraer unless
by unanimous consent.
The previous question was seconded. >
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call for the
yeas and nays upon ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was-decided itt
the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 83; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Allen, Hendley S. Ben-
nett, Bingham, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Broom, Burnett,
Cadwalader, James XI. Campbell, John P. Campbell, Caihle,
Caiutbers, Oaskie, Clmguum, Williamson R. W, Cobb,
Comins, Cox, Ciaiire. Crawford, Cullen, C'uinback, DaVt'd-
son, Jacob C. Davis, Hay, Denver, De Witt, Uowdell,
Dunn, EcltiiuadfOii, Elliott, Etheridge, Eustis, Florence,
Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Garnett, Goo tie, Greenwood,
Augustus Hall. Robert B. Hall, Thomas L. Harris, Harri-
son, Haven, Herbert, Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, George
W. Jones, Kent, Kelly, Kidwell, Knight, Kunket, Lake,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, IUc-
Mullm, McQueen, Smith Miller, MUHvard, Moore, Morri-
son, Nichols, Otr, Packer, Pock, Pike, Porter, Powell,
1'ui year, Quitman, Ueady, Ricaud, Ritchie, Rufiiii, San-
didge, Savage, Scott, Seward, Shoitei, Samuel A, Smith,
William Smith, William 11. Smith, Spinner, Stewart, Tal-
bott, Tappan, Taylor, Tyson. Underwood, Vail, Walker,
Warner, Watkms, Wheeler, Winslow, Daniel IS. Wright,
John V^f7n«ht, and Zolhcoffer—104.
NAYS-Mcssis. Albright, Allison, Ball, Harbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Billmihur.-n, Bishop, JJliss, Bradshavv,
Bientou, Bufflnton, Burh'.iiatne,Lewis 1). Campbell,Chaf-
fee, Hayaid Clarke, Ezra Olark, Clawson, Colfax, Covode,
Cragin, Daulrell, Timothy Davis, Dean, Diekfcon, itodd,
Dm ice, Edie, Faulkner, Flagler, Granger, Harlan, Hodges,
Holloway, Thomas II. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, How-
ard, Ilturhston, Km", Knapp, Rnowitori, Leiter, Lmdley,
Mace, MeCarty. Kilhan Miiler, Million, Morgan, Morrill,
Mott, Muilay, Norton, Andrew uhver, fame, Parker,
Pennington, I'erry, Pettit. I'rjngle, 1'urviivnce, Robbios,
Robert,, Rohison, Salnn. Ba?e, Sapp, Simmons, Stanton,
.Stranahan, ISwope, Thoi mgton, Thurston, Trafton, Wade.,
Wakeman, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wa-hlmrue, Ellih'l
B. Washburne, I.rael Washburn, Wafc.oti, Wood, Waod-
rulf, and Woodu ortli—83.
So the mam question was ordered to be put.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. At this point I
believe it is my privilege to closc the discussion.
1 desire to suggest that I am now ready to pro-
ceed with the remarks I design to make; but if
the honorable gentleman from JSrew York, whom
the pioceedmgs specially refer to, desires now to
submit anv observation to the House, I very
cheerfully yield the floor; or, if he desires to do
so to-morrow morning, I will submit a motion
that the House adjourn. [Cries of " iNo! no ! j
Mr. PURVIANCE. 1 would inquire whether
the vote is not now first to be taken upon the
amendment offered by me r
The SPEAKER. It ts first upon the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania; but
the gentleman from Maryland, having made the
report, is entitled to close the debate.
