904
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
to be used here. That evidence will be written
down - it will not be the testimony of- the witness
if) the presence of the judges*, it will be the de?o-
sit'wn of the witness; and therefore the argument:
goes to the extent of saying that no gentleman 1
can be tried unless the testimony be taken at the
bar of the House. That is to say, the House
cannot now, on the motion of any gentleman here,
on any notice to the gentleman implicated, raise
a committee for the purpose of taking the testi-
mony to be read here. Then, sir, it disposes, I
presume, of that suggestion, if there be any ease
in th« American Congress in which the depositions
of witnesses have been read before the House;
and there has been no case where as matter rf fact
thai has not bceu drnt.
Is it the objection that the witnesses were pre-
viously examined before the honorable gentleman
had the opportunity to bo present? Then, sir,
that is an acquittal of the honorable member; be-
cause thtij have been examined ^ and no new exam-
ination can do away with that fact whether it be
before the House or before another committee;
for still the evidence stands written down, and if
the fact that it had already been taken, be a suffi-
cient reason why the gentleman should refuse to
confront them before the committee, and also a
reason why the evidence cannot bo used against
him here, then I say it is an acquittal, because
nothing can change the fact that the evidence is on
record. Did the House send usthere on that fool's
errand? Did they send us there to acquit the v< ry
party whose character was impeached by the only
process which could discover or prove his guile?
when the evidence was taken, what course could
the committee pursue ? Ali they could do was to
call ihe member implicated before them. Re fore
the evidence was taken they could not know that
they had a right to report respecting a member,
or to require him to defend himself mgainst charges
neither proved nor made: and after they were
made and proved, the evidence-cannot bo used,
because the party was not present when it was
discovered, and will not be present that it may
be retaken ! On that hypothesis it would render \
all their powers an absolute nullity from the ihst
moment of their meeting. Has that been regarded
as parliamentary law m (his body, or in any body
known in the United States of a pai hamentai y
character?
The records of this Congress are instructive on
this point. I desire to call the. attention of the
House to a brief record in the Brooks ca.se of the
last session. 1 have no desire to taunt anybody, !
or to awaken the angry feelings to which that j
case gave occasion. I suppose gentlemen then
acted on what they regarded as parliamentary j
law; and that gentlemen upon this side and that j
side of the House can find no fault with their \
own judgment of wluit is parliamentary law on i
ihe question whether evidence taken out of the !
presence of the party, without notice to the party, I
is a sufficient foundation for a vote of censure or !
expulsion. I call their attention to page 74 of the \
official report of that case. All the evidence had |
been closed. The committee were ready to make i
their report, and no witness was called after the j
date of the entry here. It was moved hy Air.
Co&fr,ofGeorgia,that Mr. Brooks, Mr. Keitt, and j
3V5i\ Rivers, be informed they can read the evidence j
taken before the committee, and there be heard as j
witnesses, or have the witnesses reexamined, if they [
think proper. I say nothing about Mr. Kdmund-
eon's case; nothing about Mr. Brooks's case. (
jRIr. Keitt had no notice of the proceeding until 1
this was served upon him. No party objected to ;
the evidence because taken in his absence. The i
ease was finally rested on the evidence already
taken. That order was made upon the motion of
Mr. Cobb, of (Georgia, and, theiefore, it may be
presumed to have expressed the utmost parlia-
mentary right which that distinguished parlia-
mentarian considered his personal and party friend
entitled to. No man could suppose that gentle-
man would hove waived, for an instant, any right
of Mr. Keitt; still less would lie have been the
one to make the motion, had there been a doubt
about the law or the practice of the House. On
that notice to Mr. keitt, without any further
taking of evidence, the committee reported the
resolution of censure to the House, and on that i
resolution pvery gentleman upon this .side of the
House, and some gentlemen who do not properly
belong-on this side of the House, voted; and, sir,
if evidence not taken in presence of the party,
although he shall be informed of it, and that he
can have the witnesses examined in ins presence,
if he please, was not proper evidence upon which
to decide, then gentlemen here have been guilty
-of great wrong; and if, when a party opponent
was impeached, they pronounced judgment upon
testimony which they are not willing should be
now used against their party friends, the country
will not relieve them from the suspicion of great
partiality then, or grave complicity now!
All I ask is that this House now, on the same
question, where the same formality has been ob-
served; more protection has been cast around the
character of the gentlemen implicated; witnesses
have been actually examined on their behalt; an
actual appearance before the committee has been
made by the gentleman possessed of a fall knowl-
edge of the evidence, with a copy of the evidence
in his hand—the examination of some witnesses
distinctly waived, and all the witnesses he request -
ftd to be summoned as to character actually called
to impeach and breakdown the testimony of the
witness whom he refused to confront,—! say,
all that I ask under these circumstances is, that
in this case, the rules which gentlemen applied
at the last session upon solemn consultation op
debate for weeks, in the trial of one of the mi-
nority, be now held good in the trial of one of the
majority, who has had so much more indulgence
than was granted to the gentleman from South
Carolina.
I, sir, in this investigation, will know no party, |j
know no friendship, know but the more fact that i|
several members were implicated by the evidence,
and that the committee have dealt more liberally ||
by the one now on trial than the most recent j
precedents of this House required. ;
Mr. fc>TANTON. I would inquire of the gen- j
tleman whether m that case objection was made i
to the testimony ? _ |
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. That is not the ;
question before this House. The question is, ^
whether there was a giave violation of the prin- !
ciples of natural justice and of the Constitution ;
of the United States, by tlie solemn judgment of '
this House, within one year? 1 quote the ca-je '
as a precedent in parliamentary law. 1 say it is i
a precedent of tins [louse. "Whether a "party j
make an objection or not, this House has no right, I
to regard evidence which is improper evidence •
against him. It is scandalous to suggest that this \
highest source of Jaw, m the exercise of a con- j
stitutional prerogative paramount to all control, j
tyrannically oppressed a member because he was j
not careful protest against the wrong. It is
ridiculous tefsay that in such a contest, there i
would not have been objection had there been !
ground for it. The distinction between Mr. ;
Edmundson's ease and Mr. Iveitt's case shows ,
that the mind of the House was pointed to the I
conditions which make evidence fit or unfit to be (
regarded; and there is no gentleman of the He- ■
publican party who would not have scorned to ■
reach a foe by foul oppression and usurpation.
I quote, then, that case; and I am entitled to ;
quote it as a parliamentary precedent^
Are there no others? The proposition to be
maintained by gentlemen here is, that there can
be no trial of a party unless the witnesses are be-
fore the House, or if there can be a trial where
the witnesses are not actually examined before the
House, it must be when they were examined in
the presence of the party before the committee. But
there is no such precedent. If the gentleman had
not been notified of the e\ idencc, I would not have
moved the resolution. If the gentleman had not
known the evidence produced before the commit-
tee, and had not waived everything, I should not
have offered the resolution. "But the party must
be judged from his own course. The argument
made by gentlemen here goes to the extent that the
honorable gentleman from New York has a right
to coerce the attendance of witnesses before the
Hoivse, and to have them examined here before
the House. I will place this pvidenee where they
wished to place the evidence relative to Mr.
Iieitt. Is the gentleman to be entitled to claim
any right—supposing him ever to have had it—
wliich he has distinctly waived ? What, then,
was the waiver in the case of Mr. Keitt before the
House ? The waiver of Mr. Keitt was at a point
earlier than this stage of tRese proceedings. The
party here has not come before the House now
making an original application for a right which
he has not waived before; but he comes before
the House at heel of the session, long after the
evidence has been taken, asking to reverse and
retract his waiver. Why should the gentleman not
be held as people in other proceedings are held, to
a waiver of right if right existed ? J say th-at this
House will ill discharge its duty if it allow itself
to be trifled with by permitting a member who has
had an opportunity to take evidence in the form
in which this House directed it^to be taken, now,
at the final consideration of the matter, to treat
all that the committee did as null and void, and
to ask for an examination de novo.
But in what position will that member be ? He
has not waived his right to examine witnesses
at all. He has called all the witnesses whom he
knew of, and examined them before the commit-
tee. He did not mention the name of a single
man to the committee whom he desired to call
that was not called. He waived the right to ex-
amine two witnesses. He waived his right to
have two witnesses confronted in the course of the
examination. He lias produced various witnesses
before the committee. He has admitted that the -
committee have the right to take evidence relative
to him personally. Then, sir, is the House now,
at this stage, after the party had admitted the
rightful proceedings of the committee, to allow
him to do that which is precisely equivalent to
the falling through of the whole proceeding? He
does nothing but ask what he could have lmd
before the committee. Was it a difficulty that
the witnesses had already been examined? They
have now been examined. Was it a difficulty
that the minds of the committee had been poi-
soned? The mind of the House has been poi-
soned. Was it adifficulty that the evidence might
be published ? The testimony has been published.
Then, sir, the fact that the witnesses have been
already examined, cither acquits the honorable
member, or is equally applicable here, and there-
fore is irrelevant to his application. If the gen-
tleman had a right to examine witnesses before
the committee at all, he had the right to examine
all of them then, and that was the place to have
examined them.
1 presume now the gentlemen begin to see where
then- parliamentary law is leading them. They
would destroy the whole proceeding by their argu-
ment to get me witnesses before the House.
Well, sir, did the committee do any thing wrong ?
"Was it beyond their jurisdiction ? If, as I sup-
pose, it was within their jurisdiction to examine
the witnesses as to individual character, then the
gentleman was disobeying the order of the House
when he failed to produce evidence before the
committee; and if he have other evidence now
the House may justly visit his contumacy on
bun; for the House was, by the resolution, to
J proceed on the evidence reported by the commit-
| tee, and he refused to allow the committee to re-
■ port Ins evidence to the House. I ask, therefore,
■ whether it was not within the power of the com-
| mitteeto take the evidence implicating thchonor-
1 able gentleman from New York? If they had
| that power, then there is no need here to reex-
| amine the witnesses, for their testimony has
| alteady been taken; and if there was no such
I power, then 1 presume this House will not treat
i the evidence as worth anything; but the gentle-
! man is entitled to an acquittal on the instant.
i I shall not imitate the style of argument pur-
I sued by gentlemen on both sides of the House
| to-day. I argue no dceided cases. Was the com-
mittee entitled to take evidence relative to indi-
vidual character? Yes or no? Gentlemen cannot
evade the question. Were their mouths sealed
and their eyes cloyed to any evidence touching
individuals? Sir, this House cannot say that the
comnutfee was not acting within the direct line
of its own construction of the committee's power.
The highest prerogative of this House is over the
liberty of the subject. The most questionable of
its powers is to commit a witness for contempt in
refusing to answer. The most absurd abuse of
its powers is to commit a witness for refusing to
answer irrelevant questions. Mr. Simonton was
committed by this House for having stated that
two individual members had come to him, and
stated that there were measures pending before
the House which ought to pay; that the parties
interested in them were able to pay; that the in-
dividuals were in need of money; and that they
