1857.
MS CONGRESSIONAL GLOiB.
m
to move that there be a call of the House, as the
.main question has been ordered to be put?
The SPEAKER, It is not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move then
that the House adjoarn; and on that motion de-
mand the yeas $nd nays:
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question \vaS tak^rr, andit was decided in
the negative—yeas 0, nays 145; as follows:
YEAS—0.
WAYS — tfles^ra. Aiken, Albright, Allen, Allison, Ball,
Barbour, Henry JJeouett, fiendley S. Bennett, Bensnh,
Bxsliop, Bocock, Bowie, liranch, Bienton, Bioom, Buffin-
ton, Bui hnjxame, James H. Uumpbell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Cathie, Cas'kte, Cfiarfoe, Bayard Clarke, Fj'£\a CSaik, daw-
son, OUngman, CoJfax, Cmtiins, Cox, Cragm, Crai«e,
•Crawford, Oumback, Davidson, Jacob O. Davis, Timothy
Piivi^, Day, i)pan, Dickson, Dodd, Dovvdell, Durfee. Edie,
Edmundson, Edwards. Bmne, Evans, Faulkner, Flagler.,
Thomas J. D. JTuHei, Galloway, Gilbert, Goodi;, Granger,
Grow, Augustus Hall, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Morusoti
Hauls, Thomas L Harris, Haven, Ilcihcrt, Hoiloway,
Thomas Jt. liortou, Houston, Howaid, Hughsion, Jewett,
Geoige W. Jone-5, Kelly, Kelsey, Kennett. King, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Kunkol, Lake, LeitPr, Letcher, Lump-
Ion. Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel S. jMai^liall, Maxwell,
McQueen, Kilhan Miller, MilKvard, Morgan, Morrison,
Mott, Murray,Niohold, Noiton, Andrew Oliver, On, Paine,
Paikcr, Peck, Penv, Pikc, Powell, Pnngle. Purviance,
Quitman, Reade, Ready, Roblmts, Ruffin, Sabin, Sage,
SaudUlge, Supp, Savage, Scott, Reward, Sherman, Siin
mons, William 11. Smith, Stanton, Stranahan, Taibott,
Tappan, Taylor, Thus^ton, Todd, Trafton, Tyson, Under-
wood, Vail, Valk, Wade, Wakeman, Waldion, Walker,
Cadwalndcr C. Washburne. ElhJm J3. Washburne, Wat-
kins, Watson, Wheeler, Williams, Wood, Woodruff,
Woodworth, John V. VVnght, and Zoilicoller—145.
So the House refused to adjourn.
appropriation bills.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution:
Respited^ That tile Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union bp dk-chaiged from the lurcher consideration
of Hou^e bills Nos. 615,6i6,6,-53,634, (337, and 849; and also
fiom the amendment of the Senate to tiie House bill No.
614, and that they be put upon their passage.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to be
reconsidered; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
Tlie latter motion was agreed to.
civil appropriation bill. '
The bill (H. R. No. G15) making appropriations
for certain civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending 30th June, l85Ss was then reported
to the House.
The Clerk commenced to read the bill; but was
interrupted by—
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask that the
further reading of the bill be dispensed with. I
am instructed by the Committee of Ways and
Means to propose sundry amendments to the bill,
and I send them to the Clerk. I call the previous
question.
Mr. PERRY. I object to dispensing with the
.reading of the bill."
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to know of my col-
league whether he proposes to put these bills upon
their passage without consideration in Committee
of the Whole and without reading?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, I do.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
has been discharged from the consideration of the
b*U by the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to the passage of
these bills or to their consideration, unless the
rules are suspended.
The SPEAKER. The Hotise has, by unani-
mous consent, discharged the Committee of the
Whole from the consideration of these bills, and
that brings them before the House, and their con-
sideration is the regular order of business.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Gentlemen should
have been in their places attending to their busi-
ness.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill; but
was interrupted by— .
Mr. II. MARSHALL. I desire just.at this
point, at line one hundred and forty-live, to offer
*.n amendment making an appropriation for the
Louisville find Portland Canal.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. . .
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
- that the bill must be read before any amendment
can be received.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Docs the Chair recog-
nize our right to have it read clause by clause,
after it has been-read through?
_ The SPEAKER. It cannot be so disposed of
in the House. That is the rule in the Committee
of the Whole, but not in the House.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I want to indicate tb
the Chair that it is my purpose to atiiend the bill
at that point, and I shall object to the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means offering
any amendments.
The SPEAKER. The House gave its unaft-
imous consent that the bill be withdrawn from
the Committee of the Whole; and Being now in'
the House, it must be governed by the rules of
the House.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. For what purpose is
the bill now bemg read ?
The SPEAKER. For action.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Then I ask the Chair
if this is not the proper time, and before itis read
a third time, to offer amendments?
The SPEAKER. When the question shall be
stated upon ordeiing the bill to be engrossed and
read a third'time, it will be in order to amend it;
but it is not in order now.
Mr. BURNETT. Does the Chair decide that
we shall have the right to offer amendments after
ftie present reading is through ?
The SPEAKER. It is fos the House to de-
termine. If the House order the previous ques-
tion, it will be the duty of the Chairjiot to receive
any amendments; but if the I-Iouse decide not to
second the previous question, the bill will be open
to amendment. It is under the control of the
House.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to be informed
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means if the various appropriations in this bill
are recommended by the Departments?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Every one of
tlirm.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not open to de-
bate. It is being reported to the House for action.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
Mr. H. MARSHALL, (interrupting.) I rise
for the purpose of moving to recommit this bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. I do so in order to avoid tjie move-
ment indicated by the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means of his intention, at the
close of the reading, to call the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the House has the right to demand the read-
ing of the bill before action is taken upon it.
Mr. II. MARSHALL. I suppose it is com-
petent for any member to move to recommit at
any point pending the reading. Does the Chair
decide that I have not the right to move to re-
commit the bill ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Chair has
decided that an amendment is not in oider,and a
motion to' recommit stands upon the same rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the bill ipust be read before any action is j
taken upon it." After that is done, it will be in
order for the gentleman to make the motion.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I understand that the
Chair will recognize the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and he will move the
previous question. I understand I have a right
to move to recommit at any time.
Mr. HOUSTON. Not after the previous ques-
tion is called.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
not been .called. It is the right of the House to
have the bill lead before any action is had upon it.
Mr. McMULLIN. I call for the reading of
the bill.
The reading of the bill having been concluded,
Mr. H. MARSHALL addressed the Cliqir.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, also addressed, and
was recognized by, the Chair.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I insist on my right,
now, as a member of this House, to have the
floor; for I addressed the Speaker before the gen-
tleman from Ohio did.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky addressed the Chair before the gintleman
from Ohio."
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Yes, sir; and I insist
on my right to be heard.
The SPEAKER. But a rule Of the House
gives to the member of the House reporting a bill
the right to open and to close debate apon it.
Mft H. MARSHALL.' So he may have that
right; but it is my right as a ihemoer on.this
floor to be recognized by the Chair when I ad-
dress it first; and while the gentleman from Ohio
may have the right to- close debate, ! purpose,
now that the bill is read, to go oil with- the fmb-
ject; and when 1 conclude my remarks, the'n the
gentleman from Ohio can olose. Debate has not
been opened yet. ' *
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the 34tli
rule.
The 34th rule wag read, as follows!' ■
11 No member trtiall occupy more ttian one hour in debate
on any question in the House or in committee; but arrwim*
he,r reporting a meaaute under consideration from a com-
mittee may open and close the debate, provided that where,
debate is dosed by order of the House any member shall "be
allowed in committee five minutes," &c.
The SPEAKER. That is the rule of the House,
and the constant practice of the House. There
is no rule more clerfr or imperative than that a
member of the House reporting ft bill shall have
the right to open debate upon it. The gentleman
from Kentucky addressed the Chair fust, but the-
gentleman from Ohio addressed the Chair imme-
diately afterwards, and the Chair following the
express and imperative rule, thought it its duty
to recognize the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. H.MARSHALL. Taking the view wh'icli
the Chair does, the gentleman's right to ojien de-
bate occurred under that-rule when tltiS'pptfposi-
tion was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. It Has not been considered
or debated in committee. It has not been consid-
ered or presented for debate till this moment.
Mr. TI. MARSHALL. While I am entirely
respectful to the Chair, I am entirely conservative
of my osvn rights here.
Mr. McMTjLLIN. Can the gentleman from
Kentucky proceed without taking an appeal ?
Mr. if. MARSHALL. 1 would inform the
gentleman from Virginia that the gentleman fro'm
Kentucky floes take an appeal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will then state
the question. The gentleman from Ohio obtained
the unanimous consent of the House to withdraw
from the Committee of the Whole on the state' of
the Union.at this time, the bill which haa been
reported. The bill having been reported, and
being, according to the rules of the House, open
to commitment or engrossment, the gentleman
from Kentucky rose to address the Chair,and the
gentleman from Ohio also addressed the Chair
immediately after the gentleman from Kentucky.
Under the 34th rule, which gives to the member
reporting the bill the right to open and to close
debate, the Chair considered it incumbent on it
to recognize the gentleman from Ohio as the
chairman of the Comrriittee of Ways and Means
reporting tins bill. From that decision the g'en-
tleman from Kentucky takes an appeal, and the
gentleman is entitled to the floor on the question
of the appeal.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the reading of the
33d rule.
The SPEAKER. That only gives the Speaker
the right to determine who shall have the floor
when several members address the Chair at the
same time. Ordinarilv, the gentleman from Ken-
tucky having first addressed the Chair, would
unquestionably have the right to be recognized
under the 33d rule.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to save^ha
gentleman from Kentucky from further  . •
Mr. H. MARSHALL, (interrupting.) Unless
the gentleman rises to a point of order, before!
say anything,! object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is entitled to the floor, without interrujj-
Mr. McMULLIN. Is the appeal debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is debatable.
Mr. McMULLIN. Very well, then, let the
gentleman proceed. - „ , , , • .
Mr. H. MARSHALL. 1 understand the in-
tention of thceentleman from Ohio to be to with-
draw the call for the previous question. If so,I
withdraw my app&ah ,
The SPEAKER' The Chair begs leave to
sav that he has not assigned tiie floor to the gen-
tleman from Ohio under any other consideration
than that of imperative duty as regarding the fact
that the gsntleman from Ohio reported the bill m
question, and that the rules give htm the right to
