1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
915
Clineman. Covode, Craige, Cullen, Damrell, Davidson,
Henry Winter Davis. Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Denver,
Dickson. DowdeH, Dunn, Durfee, Edie. Edmundson, Ed-
wards, Etiiendge, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, FJorence,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Garnett,Goode, Greenwood. Augus-
tus Hall, Robert B. Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Thomas jl.
flarris, Harrison, Haven, Herbert, Hodges, Hoffman,
Thomas It. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Houston, How-
ard, Hughston, Keitt, Kelly, Kelsey, Kid well, King, Knowi-
ton, Knox, Maxwell. Killian Miller, Smith Millei, Millson,
MiHward, Moore, Morrill, Packer, Parker, Peck, Pettit,
Jpoiter, I'ringlc, Purviance, Pur^ear, Quitman, Jleado,
Ready, Ritchie, RoUhms, ltuffin, Sahin, Sapp, Shorter,
Simmons, William Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Stew-
art, Stranahan, Taylor, Thurston, Todd, Tyson, Under-
wood, Vail, Walbndge, Walker, Warner, Xtracl Wash-
burn, Watson, Welch, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams,
Winslow, Wood, Woodruff, Daniel B. Wright, John V.
Wright, and Zolhcoffer—152.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Pending the vote,
Mr. QXFITMAN stated that liis colleague, Mr.
Barksdale, was detained from the House by-
sickness.
Mr. HAVEN stated that Mr. Foster was
obliged to leave the House by illness.
Mr. COMINS stated that if he had been pres-
ent when his name was called, he would have
voted " no."
Mr. ORR. I desire to make the same state-
ment.
Mr. BENSON. I was called out of the Hall.
If I had been present I should have voted "no."
The question recurred on the passage of the
bill; and it was passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed an act (S. No.
622) to expedite the construction of a line or lines
of magnetic telegraph from the Atlantic States to
San Francisco, in the State of California.
MAIL STEAMER BILL.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
a bill (H. R. No. 637) making an appropriation
for the transportation of the United States mail,
by ocean steamers and otherwise, during the fis-
cal year ending June 30, 1858, from the further
consideration of which the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the XJnion had been dis-
charged.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohib. I am directed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to report
amendments to strike out certain clauses of this
bill. I demand the previous question.
The amendments were reported, as follows:
Strike out the following clauses :
For carrying out the contract entered into liy the Poet
Office Department, under the provisions of theact approved
* 30th August, 1852, establishing a tri-montlily mail hysteam-
vessels between New Orleans and Vera Cruz, via Tampico,
#69,750.
For transportation of the mails, in two steamships, from
New Yoik, by Southampton, to Bremen, and back, at
$100,000 for each ship ; and m two steamships from New
York, by Cowes, to Havre, and back, at $75,000 for each
ship, under the contract With the Ocean Steam Navigation
Company of New York, $350,000.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have but a few
words to say in explanation of the amendments
proposed by the Committee of Ways and Means.
It will be remembered that there is a rule of this
House which requires the Committee of Ways
and Means to report the regular appropriation
bills within thirty days of the opening of the
session. It has been customary, I believe, in all
times past, to allow that committee to report the.se
bills at any time by unanimous consent. The
( regular estimate of the Post Office Department
for that service was not made in time to enable
the committee to report this bill predicated on
such estimate; and my colleague [Mr. Stanton]
having, in December, when the committee was
making a report in another case, objected, we
were driven to the necessity of reporting without
an estimate from the Department. The Commit-
tee of Ways and Means was in this anomalous
condition. The rules of the House required it
to report the regular appropriation bills within
thirty days, and the executive department was
in default in sending in the estimate; and a col-
league of mine objected to making the report by
common consent. Hence the committee itself
made an estimate. an*d reported the bill. Subse-
quently, on the 26th of December, the Postmaster
General transmitted to this House his estimate,
directed to the Speaker, and that estimate was,
by order of the House, referred to the Committ.ee
of Ways and Means.
It is necessary now, in order to make the bill
conform to the regular estimate, that these amend-
ments should be adopted; and inasmuch as they
are to strike outappropriations, the pointof order
which my colleague [Mr. Stanton] would other-
wise make upon them cannot be made. I there-
fore ask the previous question.
Mr. STANTON. 1 trust itis understood that
my colleague did not report the bill because he
was afraid I might object.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The animus of
my colleague was shown previously.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the amendments were agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
mam question ordered to be put.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
INVESTMENT OF GOVERNMENT MONEYS.
The House next proceeded to the consideration
of the bill of the House (No. 849) directing the
investment of moneys in stocks of such States as
have provided a sinking fund for the redemption
thereof, and the application of the interest accru-
ing thereon, from the further -consideration of
which the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had been discharged.
The bill was read. It provides that $8,000,000
shall be invested by the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, with the advice and concurrence of the
Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of the
Interior, in the stocks of such States as have pro-
vided a sinking fund for the redemption thereof,
bearing interest at a rate of not less than five per
cent, per annum, on which the annual accruing
interest has been regularly paid, and for which
purpose this sum is appropriated; and that the
stock shall be held by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and the annual interest accruing thereon
shall be applied to the payment of the interest on
the amounts held by the United States, on winch
five per cent, is annually paid to the several In-
dian tribes, under treaty stipulations; but for the
payment of such interest appropriations shall be
annually made by Congress.
Mr. HOUSTON. How did that bill come up
The SPEAKER. It was reported from the
Committee of the Whole oil the state of the
Union this morning by unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Was it reported as
an appropriation bill?
Mr. CAMPBELL^pT Ohio. It is a bill making
a large appropriation;
Mr. HOUSTON. It was not named as one of
the bills reported.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I will state to the
House the general features of this bill. It is one
which I regard as among the most important
measures proposed by the Committee of Ways
and Means during the" present Congress. Its pur-
pose is to take $8,000,000 from the Treasury, and
invest it in the stocks of such States as have pro-
vided a sinking fund for the same. Now, sir, we
have to meet the stipulations of the treaties with
the various Indian tribes. By the Indian appro-
priation bill, which the House will be called on
to consider in a few minutes, there will be appro-
priated about three hundred and sixty thousand
dollars of interest upon annuities due the various
tribes. We all know that the complaint has
been that the Treasury is overflowing. We have
§8,000,000 locked up in the vaults of the Treas-
ury, having^no use for the money, and at the
same time we are paying $360,000 to the various
Indian tribes in the shape of interest.
The Committee of Ways and Means, looking
at the present condition of the national finances,
and to the effect that will probably be produced
upon the great' commercial and industrial inter-
ests of the country by the adjournment of Con -
gress without relieving the' Treasury from the
plethora that exists, deem a measure of this sort
indispensable. The effect will be to throw into
general circulation $8,000,000, for which the Gov-
ernment will be compensated in safe State stocks,
and at the same time it will relieve the Govern-
ment from the payment of $360,000 interest mo-
ney which they now pay in the shape of interest
upon Indian annuities.
There is already invested in United States stocks
$526,907, and in State stocks $9,372,716; and in
some way or other, unknown to the Committee
of Ways and Means, $512,000 has been invested
in railroad stocks of the Nashville and Chatta-
nooga railroad, and §100,000 in the Richmond
and Danville railroad.
The following is a table showing stocks held
on trust by the Secretary of the Treasury and
the Secretary of the Interior on Indian account:
United'States stock  $'520,907 86
Stocks of the several States:
Arkansas  $50,000 00
Indiana  270,000 00
Illinois    17,000 00
Maryland  ] 87.249 56
Ohio  100;000 00
Tennessee    565,660 66
Virginia  795,800 00
Kentucky.....  183,000 00
Missouri    163,000 00
 — 3,972,736 S3
Other stocks:
Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad Com-
pany .§512,000 00
Richmond and Danville Railroad
Company   100,000 00
  612,000 00
3,511,624 08
The Committee of Ways and Means have
thought proper, by way of checking the invest-
ment of moneys from the national Treasury in
various private chartered companies, that an
amount of money sufficient to meet the interest
now paid upon Indian annuities should be in-
vested in safe substantial stocks. We all know
that the Secretary of the Treasury has reported
that, in the purchase of Government stocks, he
has been compelled to pay a large amount of pre-
mium. The Committee of Ways and Means
weie of the opinion that $8,000,000 may be as
safely invested in stocks of some of the States as
tliey may be in the stocks of the United States.
With this explanation, I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I will withdraw
the call for the previous question to hear a ques-
tion.
Mr. STANTON. I think this is a most ex-
cellent and important measure, and shall vote
with my colleague for it in every stage. I wish
to inquire whether its provisions will exclude
such States as have suspended payment of interest
on their stocks for a short while ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The bill provides
that the investment shall only be in the stock of
those States which have promptly paid their div-
idends.
Mr. STANTON. My recollection is that Ohio,
and may be some other States, have suspended
payment on a particular class of stock. Will it
exclude the stock of those States ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Only that par-
ticular class of stock. I renew the call for the
previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the gentleman from
i Ohio to yield to a motion to recommit this bill,
j Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I cannot. The
| bill must either be passed or defeated now. ft
! Mr. HOUSTON. As I am opposed to the
i United States dabbling in State stocks, I mova
i that the bill bo laid upon the table.
' Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I demand ths
yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is this one of the
bills, from the further consideration of which the
j Committee of the Whole op the state of the Union
I was discharged this morning by the resolution of
1 the gentleman from Ohio ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. It is. p
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I supposed it em-
braced only the general appropriation bills, or I
would have objected to it.
