1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
917
"Ways and Means recommended a concurrence
in the amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
The thirty-third amendment of the Senate, on
which a separate vote had been asked, was re-
ported as follows:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian service
in Washington Territory, $40,000.
The SPEAKER stated that the Committee of
Ways and Means recommended a concurrence
in the amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
The thirty-fourth amendment of the Senate,
on which a separate vote had been asked, was re-
ported as follows:
For restoring and maintaining peace with Indian tribes
in Washington Territory, $150,000.
The SPEAKER stated that the Committee of
Ways and Means recommended a non-eoncur-
rence in the amendment.
The question was_ taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
The thirty-fifth amendment of the Senate, on
which a separate vote had been asked, was re-
ported as follows:
For restoiing and maintaining peace with Indian tribes
in Washington Territory, or so much thereof as may be
necessary (or expenditure daring the year ending 30th J unc,
1857, $79,000.
The SE$2AKER stated that the Committee of
Ways and Means recommended a concurrence
in the amendments.
Mr. LETCHER demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ciiapfee,
and Miller of Indiana, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 89, noes 31.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The thirty-seventh amendment', on which a
separate vote had been asked—in which the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means recommended a con-
currence, with an amendment—was then read, as
follows:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian service
in the Territory of New Mexico—presents of goods, agri-
cultural implements, and other useful articles—and in as-
sisting them to locate m permanent abodes, and sustain
themselves by tlie pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior, $47,500.
The amendment thereto, recommended by the
Committee of Ways and Means, was as follows:
And to enable the Secretary of the Interior to execute
the stipulations entered into at a council held at Fort Pierre,
Nebraska Territory, on the 1st of March, 1856, by Brevet
Brigadier General William S. Ilarney, United States Army,
commanding the Sioux expedition, with the delegations
from nine of the bands of the Sioux Indians, $200,000, being
for the fiscal year 1857 and 1858.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was then concurred in.
Mr. WPIITNEY. I believe that the previous
question is not now in operation; and I move to
reconsider the vote by which these amendments
were concurred in.
Mr. LETCHER. Upon which side did the
gentleman vote in reference to these amendments?
I believe he voted against them. [Cries of
" There is no record !"]
The SPEAKER. The several amendments
were not concurred in collectively. A part were
submitted to the House together, and a part were
concurred in by separate votes. It will be neces-
sary to retrace each step; and the first motion
must be upon reconsidering the resolution by
which the last amendment was concurred in.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
It is this: Can the gentleman from New York,
having voted against all these amendments, now
move to reconsider? (" No record !" "No rec-
ord!") The gentleman will admit the fact that
he did vote against them.
Mr. WHITNEY. The gentleman from New
York does not admit the fact.
Mr. LETCHER. He will not deny it.
The SPEAKER, it is not competent for the
Chair to decide whether the gentleman voted in
the affirmative or in the negative.
Mr. LETCHER. Let the gentleman say him-
self how he voted.
Mr. WHITNEY. I did not vote against all
of them.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I understand that
the gentleman from New York moves 
Mr. WHITNEY. I believe I have the floor.
_ Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit this qt®-
tion to the Chair. Many of these amendments
were concurred in by separate votes. Now, would
it not be necessary to go back and reconsider
those votes?
The SPEAKER. The first motion would be
upon reconsidering the vote by which the House
concurred in the last amendment—the thirty-
seventh.
Mr. WHITNEY. Mr. Speaker, I was very
anxious to present to the House and to the coun-
try, the grounds upon which these enormous
calls are made upon the Treasury under the head
of Indian appropriations. But I discover a dis-
position on the part of the House to vote here
blindly more than a million of dollars which the
Senate has seen fit, in its wisdom, to add to tjie
regular appropriation bill. I wish to show first,
for example, that in Washington and Oregon
Territories, in 1851, 1852, and 1853 
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
This thirty-seventh amendment relates to New
Mexico and Nebraska, and not to Oregpn and
Washington.
Mr. WHITNEY. The thirty-seventh amend-
ment read by the Clerk is not the one upon which
I am speaking, nor the one which I desired the
Clerk to read. I called for the reading of the
thirty-sixth amendment.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman from
New York move to reconsider the vote by which
the House agreed to the thirty-sixth amendment ?
Mr. WHITNEY. I did.
The SPEAKER. That was not a separate
vote; and the vote by which the House concurred
in that amendment was reconsidered, and the
motion to reconsider laid on the table.
Mr. WHITNEY. Then I move to reconsider
the vote by which all of them were concurred in.
The SPEAKER. It is not competent to move
lio reconsider the vote in gross.
Mr. WHITNEY. I believe I fcave the floor
opon the thirty-sixth amendment?
The SPEAKER. The thirty-seventh amend-
ment is the one last concurred in.
Mr. WHITNEY. The thirty-seventh amend-
ment was read by the Clerk, and I endeavored to
remind him that it was not the amendment I
called for, but I did not succeed. The -one I refer
to is the thirty-sixth amendment, in reference to
Washington Territory.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York will recollect that the thirty-sixth amend-
ment was non-concurred in by the House, it being
stated collectively with other amendments. A
motion was made to reconsider the vote whereby
the House non-concurred in some, and concurred
in other of those amendments, and that motion
was laid upon the table; but the gentleman has
the floor, and may submit a motion to reconsider
the thirty-seventh amendment, or any other upon
which a separate vote was ordered.
Mr. WHITNEY. Imovetoreconsiderthevote
by which the thirty-seventh amendment was con-
curred in. I desire to call the attention of the
House and the country to the manner in which
these enormous demands are annually made upon
the public Treasury, under the head of " Indian
appropriations." But it is plain to perceive that
the House is determined to vote blindly,and under
the screw of the previous question, give away the
immense sums here demanded. I deem it due to
the country that the House should hear what 1
have to say. I shall not occupy much time. Most
of what I have to present is documentary; and
I believe that when the House is in possession
of the information which I may be able to give,
they will reverse some of the votes which have
been given this day. I propose to show the enor-
mous increase m the demands made under that
head from the Territories of Oregon and Wash-
ington, between the years 1850, 1851, 1852, and
1853, and the present time.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, Mr. Speaker, I object
to any speech, unless it be on the point before
the House.
The SPEAKER. It does not appear to the
Chair that the gentleman from New York is not
in order.
Mr. WHITNEY. I will show,.% the letter
which I hold in my hand, that in the years
named, to wit: part of 1850,.the whole of 1851,
1852, and part of 1853, the entire expenses of
Indian affairs, including everything in what rto^g
comprises the Territories of Washington and
Oregon, were but $71,796 50 
Mr. LETCHER. I now rise to the question
of order, that the amendment moved to be recon-
sidered has nothing to do with either Washington
or Oregon, or with the general Indian affairs in
these years of 1851-52-53.
The SPEAKER. The amendment refers to
the Territories of New Mexico and Nebraska;
but it is certainly competent for the gentleman
from New York to make a reference to other In-
dian affairs besides those of these Territories, by
way of illustration. He has not yet gone so far
as to be out of order.
Mr. WHITNEY, (reading:)
Treasury Department,
Second Auditor's Office,Fefinzory-16, 1857.
Sir : In answer to your letter of the 14th instant, received
to-day, asking to be furnished with the total amount of ex-
penditures for every purpose connected with Indian affairs
in Oregon, in the years J850,1851,1852, and 1853, made by
you as superintendent, I herewith inclose you a statement
of credits as exhibited by the books of this office, showing
the whole amount to be $71,796 50; which includes dis-
bursements, transfers, and compensation.
Very respectfully yours, &e.,
P. CLAYTON, Second Auditor.
Dr. Anson Dart, Present.
This exhibits an expenditure of about twenty-
four thousand dollars per annum in these years.
Now, sir, I find in this bill the regular appropri-
ations for Indian expenditures in those Territo-
ries amounting to the sum of $36,150, exhibiting;
what would seem to be a legitimate increase on
former years; but the Senate has added to that
amount for these Territories the handsome sum
of $702,500, making a grand total, for a single
year, of $738,650. Place this side by side with
the Indian expenditures in the years which I have
named, and the House will find the enormous
increase which that department is making from
those two Territories alone, in its hauls upon the
public Treasury.
Now, sir, having exhibited the extraordinary
increase in the demands for moneys from these
Territories for Indian purposes, I intend to call
the attention of the House briefly to the causes
which have brought about that increase. It will
be remembered by the House, that a few weeks
since I ventured to express the opinion that the
" Indian depredations" in those Territories were
caused by the misconduct of white men 
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a point of orde^
again.
Mr. WHITNEY. I am speaking now ill ref-
erence to Nebraska, Oregon, and Washington.
Mr. LETCHER. Thegentleman is discussing
the question ns to the origin of the Indian wars
in Oregon and Washington. I submit to the
Chair whether that is in order under the motion
for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot go
into an argument on the causes of the Indian dis-
turbances in these Territories.
Mr. WHITNEY. I wish to show the House
how the Treasury is depleted by these fictitious
demands.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask that the rule be en-
forced. The session is drawing to a close, and
the House has business to attend to.
Mr. WHITNEY. Yes; and I will come to a
close very soon, if the gentleman will allow me.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not mean to allow the
gentleman to close unless he close in order, and
unless the Chair decides him to be in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated that
it is not in order to debate the subject to which
the gentleman refers; but an illustration of his
argument may be made by reference to other
Territ'ories. .
Mr. WHITNEY. I will state that m 18i>l,
according to the report of the commissioner ap-
pointed by the President of the United States, the
Indians in those Territories were not only peace-
able, but that they entertained the most friendly
relations to the whites, and were desii ous of adopt-
ing the customs and habits of the whites. They
were employed as servants and as husbandmen,
and were in every way assimilating to the habits
of civilization and the customs of the whites. I
will read a brief extract from that report:
