918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
" A large portion of both of these bands are at all times |
living in white families m the capacity of servants, and are j
very useful to the white population of the country; and \
while the present high rates of wages exist, it would be ex- j
trembly difficult to dispense with their services. It is the 1
opinion of the commission, that the most feasible plan for
the civilization and enlightenment of the Indians of tlus
country is to permit them to remain in the neighborhood
of the white settlements, and to be employed in the various
industrial pursuits of the white man. The Indians, unhke
those on the east side of the Rocky Mountains, are not only
willing, but anxious, to adopt the habits of civilized life;
and it is for thib reabon that we have stipulated to pay them
so large a portion,of their annuities in clothing."
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the gentleman from New York cannot debate the
origin of the Indian wars in Washington and
Oregon.
Mr. SEWARD. All this is out of order, and
should not be allowed in the discussion.
Mr. WHITNEY. I now call the attention of
the House to one'of the causes of this increased
expenditure. I wjII send to the Clerk's desk,
and desire to be read, some extracts from a report
of Mr. F. M. Smith to the Superintendent of In-
dian Affairs, dated Port Orford, Oregon Terri-
tory} February 5,1854, in relation to a " fight"—
perhaps it should bo called " a battle"—which
took place between whites and Indians on the
Coquille river, in that year.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to debate in relation
to any fight that took place between whites and
Indians.
The SPEAKER. The Cluur cannot under-
stand whether the extract is pertinent or not, until
it be read.
Mr. WHITNEY, (reading:)
" At the dawn of day on the morning of the 523th of Jan-
uary, the party at the ferry, jomed by about twenty mm
from the upper mines, organized under command of George
H. Abbott, with A. 11. Soap as first lieutenant, and VV. j 1.
X'ackwood as second lieutenant, and m three detachmon!;.
matched upon the Indian ranches, and eouMimmated a
rno^t inhuman slaughter. A full account of what they
falsely teim ' a fight,' you will find in the roport winch then
captain, Geotgn H. Abbott, forwaided to mo on the d.iy of
the massacre. Said leport is marked No. 3, arid h herein
incloscd. The Indians were aioiwd from sleep to nicer
their death, with but feeble sliow of icsi: tanee; thri? i, a ,•
shot. do mini l/ici/ were attempting to cscapc from that homc^,
fifteen men and one squaio were hilled, / ico sqita'i s wo r hndh:
wounded. On the putt of the white men, not ciui Ihe sh htis't
wound tens 7cccired. The homes ot the Indiana with hut
one exception, weie fired and entnejy de.uioyed. Thus
was committed <c mas'-un e too inhuman io he i e.udily believed.
Now for my examination of thi-i horud atuur.,J
I will not detain the House by reading the exam-
ination, but will present the conclusion at which
he arrived. lie says:
(i 11 cgurd the murdci of tho^e Indians a? one of the most
barbarous acts ever pn pet rated by virilized msn. F.nt what
can be done? The leaders of the paity cannot be ait'Med,
+ though ju-tice loudly demand■  (hen punishment. Jlcte \\ o
have not even a justice of thep"aee: and a* ro the mint my
fori e eanisoned at foit Oilord, it eon^nN of hut jjvr men.
If Miefi nmiderous assaults mo to be continued, thcte will
be no end of Indian war in Oicgon."
Again, he says:
"On reading of the piocmlmgs of the meeting at the
* upper mmeV you will observe (ha? it had been 'lepoiied
thcic that a large quantity of fire aim* and powder wa-- <k:-
ulioyod m the burning of the Indian ranches. This jepuit,
ol course, wih sent up by the party engaged m the mcusidc.
I do not he si late to pionounec the statement laHe—false m
every particular. Bold, feiavc, rouragcoui, men ! to attack
a friendly and deftnseit:?s tub*} of Indian.-,; to burnet oatt,
and shoot, \irteen of their number : and all on K>xi*pu.i'jn that
they wore, about to rise and drive horn their coantiy three
hundred white men!"
And in tliis connection lie adds:
" You will be surprised when J tell you that all the ?nn$
<md pi^oh in the haml-> uf the Indians at the uinehes <u the
time ot the massacie amounted to just fire piece?, two of
winch vcre vholly unserviceable ; as to powdei and bail, F
do not belie ethey had even Jive rounds. Does this look like
b'jing ptep ued lor war?"
-Now, air, we have the report of the gallant
officer in command of that expedition—Abbott.
His roport is very graphic. I will not detain the
House by reading tilt: whole of it. He closed by
saying:
" A company of forty volunteers wns raided, of which I
was chosen captain, and intrusted with the command of
thepaity — A. V. Soap fn-t heutPinmt, and "VVilJiam II.
Packwood ^econdlieurt'nan!—foi the purpose of chastising
the Indians. The Indian vilhi^o in three different parts,
situated on both sides ot the nvor. about one and a half
mile trom the mouth. I divided the company into three
detachments and attacked them at all tlnye points simul-
taneously, this morning at daviight. We wcte perfectly
successful in suipnsmg them, ^the Indian^,) although they
have been making pieparations fo* a stand tor ^eveiatdays,
and appealed to be veiy confident of their ability to fight
the whites. From the accounts, and fi<>m my personal
observation, fifteen Indians were killed, their JmusC-s de-
stroyed, &c, We took all the women and children and old
men pnsoners. as far as possible. I have sent out three
squaws for the purpose of offering terms of friendship, if
they wish it. The gieatest regularity was observed during
the whole of the proceedings f the authority of the officers
waslully observed, and 1 can say, to the credit of both offi-
cers and men, that they behavod themselves like soldiers,
and avoided innocent bloodshed, <?? much as possible. I think
Hostilities will be suspended until your arrival, which I hope
will be soon."
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York, in the opinion of the Chair, is not follow-
ing a line of argument that is legitimate to the
amendment.
Mr. WHITNEY. I hope the Chair will allow
me just to finish my sentence. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The sentence may bring the
remark of the gentleman within the rule of order,
and the Chair will therefore hear it. [Laughter.]
Mr. WHITNEY, (reading:)
"I will detain Chilhm.m till you come. I had almost
forgot to say that our s was none, in either killed, wounded,
or piitoners. The Indians are m sight, hovering around the
ashes of their homes."
Here, sir, we ore informed of an attack made
by "civilized" white men upon three defenseless
villages of friendly " savage" Indians. The as-
sault was made af dawn of day, when the inmates
of the wigwams were asleep. They were shot
down, in their efforts to cscape, and their build-
ings, their homes, were put to the torch, and
rcduced to ashes! Sir, m my opinion, this " In-
dian war," which occurred one morning on the
Coquille river, ought, at an average estimate, to
he worth at least a quarter of a million of dollars
to that Territory.
Mr. SEWAIlO. I rise to a question of order.
The. SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the subject before the House relates to the general
incidental expenses of the Indian service in the
Territory of New Mexico, and m the Territory
of Nebraska; and it is competent for the gentle-
man from New York to illustrate what he chooses
to say in reference to those Territories, by refer-
ence to the 'M-neiai Indian history in other Terri-
tories. If js not competent for him to make ar.
elaborate iIIm lis.^ion of that argument, but he may
illustiate his remarks.
Mr. SEWAHD. I do not understand that the
illustration can be given until the 2">oint is made.
There has been no point made.
Mr. WHITNEY. I should be glad if I could
occupy the floor five minutes without interrup-
tion. The " point11 of my argument, I will inform
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Scward,] is
that as the whites are the sole instigators of these
Indian disturbances, they have no claim for redress
upon the G«>vn nmont; and therefoie these appro-
priations ought not to be made. It has been
.suggested to mo, in order to avoid this annoyance,
that 1 should print my speech. Sir, I have no
tune to write out speeches; and if 1 had, that is
not the mode I should choose to place them be-
fore the public.
Mr. LETCHER. Neither has the House the
time to listen to them, i insist on the question
of order.
Mr. WHITNEY. I have no doubt these ex-
posures will prove distasteful to many gentlemen.
I moan to say that the appropriations called for
in this amendment are called for on this precise
ground of Indian hostilities—hostilities provoked
by white men. Here is a whole Indian village
broken up, and sixteen of their people murdered
in cold blood, and we arc called upon to pay the
expenses of the massacre ! Yes, sir, this is one
of the class of claims that this Government is
called upon to pay.
Mr. LANE. 1 wish to state to the gentleman
that I have steadily refused to introduce o bill for
any such purpose, even m respect to the Indians
m the Rogue Ri\rr valley.
Mr. WHITNEY. Sir, occurrences like this
are what produce retaliation on the part of the In-
rhans, and lead fo whnf you call '* wars." Driven
to desperation by repeated outrages, the red man
turns upon his oppressor and strikes the blow of
revenue. Thus it is that your " Indian wars," in
Oregon and Washington, have been brought
about. What drove the Yakamas of Washing-
ton Tenitory to the revolt in 1856? What but
the enforcement of an unrighteous treaty undera
threat of extermination in case of refusal? What
drove the friendly Walla Wallas and Cayuses to
join the standard of the Yakamas, and make
common cause against the whites? I answer, the
unprovoked cruelties of the Oregon volunteers.
The case just cited is but one of numerous sim-
ilar cases which I have before me, from the files
of the Indian bureau. I will call to mind that
which occurred in 185'2 at the Big Bar, on Rogue
River. Adifficulty had occurred which threatened
to break out into open hostilities. Mr. Skinner,
the agent, hearing of the difficulty, hastened to
the scene to prevent a collision. I quote from his
report:
" At this time two of my fnends came across the river,
and informod mc that the whites were about to attack the
Indians, and advised ine to recross the rivenas soon as pos-
sible, as I should be entirely in th£ power of the Indians in
case of an attack. X mfoimed Sam that the whites were
getting very impatient at the delay of the Indians, and that
it was advisable for me to go over and talk to them. To
this he appeared entirely willing. On recrossing the river
I found most of the men mounted, and the greatest excite-
ment prevailing. I injormed them, of what Sam had told
me, but they refused io delay any longer, and proposed to
shoot down the few Indians—some twenty or twenty-five-^-
who had crosscd over to us. Mr. Martin Angel, formerly of
Oregon city, but now of this valley, for the purpose of
saving the lives of the Indians, proposed to take them pris-
oners. Most of the Indians, being acquainted with bun,
readily consented to go with him to a log house, some two
hundred yards from where they were; but, before they ar-
rived at the house, the Indians became alarmed at the con-
duct of the whites, when one of them attempted to make
his cscape. Some allege that the Indian attempted to draw
his bow; others, that he endeavored to draw his knife ; and
others who were present s ay that he attempted neither, but
only endeavored to make his escape. Upon the Indian's
thus attempting to escape, a man by the name of John Gai-
vin, one of the party fiom Shasty, fired upon him. The
fiung now became pretty general upon both sides; many
who were opposed to commencing the attack thinking it
now necessaiy to fight in self-detense. Fowr of the pris-
oners were immediately killed; the balance made their
escape. 2?o while men were injured, so far as I have been
able to learn. The firing continued pi etty brisk for some
ten or fifteen minutes across the nver from both sides, but
with liule effect, when a part of the Indians retreated down
the river and a part up. In a few minutes! the firing recom-
menced about a mile and a half down the river, but without
effect on either side. I am satisfied the arresting of the
Indian herein refeired to by the party fiom Shasty, did
much to intimidate the Indians, and to prevent an amicable
adjustment of all the difficulties between the whites and
Indians. I any also hatisfied, from what I saw myself, and
from what I have learned from others, that a man by the
name of Steel, who pretended to be the leader of the
party fiom Shasty, was principally instrumental in causing
the attack on the pi isoneis, which, for a time, produced gen-
eral hostilities.
"As soon as the firing commenced, being satisfied that J
could be ot no furthei service as Indian agent, not having
the least influence with the company, and not being dis-
posed to take part in hostilities commenced under circum-
stances such as herein related, I leit for home, for the pur-
pone of piepaung t<> defend my own house and property, if
circumstances should lender it neeessai}."
Governor John P. Gaines, writing to Dr. Dart,
superintendent of Indian affairs, under date, Rogue
River, July 8, 1851, says:
"It is highly important that an experienced agent be
sent to tins place immediately, to reside here, not only to
vestiam and conciliate the Indian*, but to watch the move-
ments and properly dispose ot infamous v:hite men."
" All the difficulties here are justly attnbutable to thelat-
ter class of persons, it my information can be relied upon."
Here is an extract from Superintendent Dart's
letter to the Department, dated Oregon City, July
22, 1851. Speaking of the difficulties of getting
an agent in the Rogue River district, he says:
u I have, therefore, been without any one to send there
during Mr. Spalding'* many months of illness. After writing
me that he was wei{ enough to enter upon his duties, [ ad-
dressed him a letter, (a copy of which I here inclose to
you;) but fiom causes unluiow n to me, he did not go to his
post—the lloguc Iliver—until within the last month.
•{ I do not suppose, however, that it would have been in
the power of one man to entirely prevent the difficulty
amongst men who look upon Indians as intruders, and as
having no more rights m tins country than wild beasts."
This is a copy of Dart's letter to Spalding, al-
luded to above:
" I wish you, with as little delay as possible, to take the
most lavoiable position on the Umpqua, to see those on
their way to the mines, and mge upon them the iiecessiiy
of not molesting the Indians on Rogue River o>- elsewhere ;
but, on the contiary, treat them kindly. Iam well persuaded
thzt most of the difficulties with these Indians might have been
avoided had a more conciliatory course been pursued on
the part of the whites. I would also appeal to the whites
residing m the vicinity of those Indians to exeicise a little
more forbearance."
General Wool, in his letter to the Assistant
Adjutant General, under date Benicia, May 15s
1856, writes as follows. I make an cxtractonly:
1 would, however, have established a post, if I could
have obtained the means of transporting the necessary sup-
plies before winter set in, at or near Fort Walla-Walla;
not because I doomed it necessary to defend or protect the
inhabitants of either Washington or Oregon fiom the In-
dians in that region, but simply to prevent what followed—
a war by Governor Curry's troops with the Waila-Wallas
and several of the neighboring tribes, and to keep those
