920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Gwra to fill the vacancy in the Committee on
Finance, occasioned by the resignation of Mr.
Toucey.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, a copy of the report of Captain George
B. McClellan, one of the officers sent by the "War
Department to the seat of war in Europe in 1855
and 1856.
Mr. WELLER. I wish to move the printing
of an extra number of that report, and I will state
to the Senate what it is. It is the report of Cap-
tain McClcllan, one of the officers sent to Europe
during the war between Great Britain, France,
and Turkey, and Russia. The first part of that
report is on the operations in the Crimea, with
maps showing the recent events there, and the
approaches of the allied army. A second feature
is upon the European engineer corps. Third,
the French, Austrian, and Sardinian infantry.
Fourth, the European armies in general. Sixth,
a separate chapter on cavalry. Seventh, the Aus-
trian cavalry. Eighth,the French cavalry. Ninth,
the English and Sardinian cavalry. Tenth, the
United States regulations for field service in war.
I move that five thousand extra copies of the re-
port be printed. I have no doubt it will be found
one of the most valuable publications that lias
been sent to the Senate for many years past. My
motion, of course, will go to the Committee 011
Printing.
The report was ordered to be printed; and the
motion to print additional copies was referred to
the Committee 011 Printing.
THE TARIFF BILL.
Mr. BRIGHT. As X was unavoidably absent
from the Senate this morning when tho vote was
taken on the bill reducing and regulating duties
and imports, I wish now to say that, if I had
been present, f should have voted for the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Illinois, j
[Mr. Douglas,] and for the bill 011 its final pas- I
sage.
Mr. CASS. I was necessarily absent when the
vote was taken last night on the tariff bill; and,
like my honorable friend from Indiana, if I had
been lu re I should have voted for the proposition
of the Senator from Illinois, and for the passage
of the bill.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ci.i,lom, their Clerk, announced that the
♦House agrees to some and disagrees to other
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. II. -No.
614) making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes, for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1858.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the amendments
were referred to the Committee on Finance.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of
fownsend Harris, consul general of tho United
States for Japan, praying for compensation for
services as commissioner for negotiating a treaty
with tile kingdom of Siam; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to j
be printed. 1
. -^Ir. YULEE presented the memorials of Le- I
titia Humphreys, administratrix of Robert At- !
kuison and of R. M. Harrison, for the settlement '
of tlu.il- claims under the ninth article of the i
treaty with Spam of 1819; which were referred j
to the Committee on Claims. 1
Air. WILSON presented the memorial of the '
Boston and Cape Cod Marine Telegraph Com- '
panv of Massachusetts, praying to be allowed to
participate in the benefits of any appropriation
that may bo made for the Cape Cod Telegraph
Company; which was ordered to He on the table.
Mr. BRIGHT presented resolutions adopted
at a general meeting of the citizens of George-
town, against erecting a permanent bridge over
the Potomac river at the site of the present Long
Bridge, and in favor of the erection of a bridge
across ihat river above Georgetown; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 436) for the relief of Robert
H. Stevens, reported it without amendment.
JpHe also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 629) increasing
the pension of Daniel Denver, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
635) to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1857,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of John
B. and Thomas Johnson, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill (S. No. 637) for the relief of
John B. Johnson and Thomas Johnson, of the
State of Arkansas; which was read, and passed
to a second reading; and the report Was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 527) for the relief of Whitemarsh
B. Seabrook and others, reported it without
amendment, and asked for its immediate consid-
eration; but objection was made.
Mr. SLIDEIX, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to whom were referred twenty-nine
memorials of citizens of Cincinnati, Ohio, pray-
ing for an appropriation for constructing a new
canal around the Falls of the Ohio, upon the In-
diana side of the river, asked to be discharged from
their further consideration; which was agreed to.
O11 motion of Mr. SEIDELL, it was
Ordered, That lite Committee en Itoad-i and Canal« be
discharged fium the luitticr eoi^uleiation of tho lull (S. No.
^13) loi the improvement o! navigation at the Falls of the
Ohio nvei; and tVom the t'uitlier eon.-adoiation of the bill
(S. Ma. 230) to sin render to the rilate of Illinois the Cum-
berland road, 111 said State.
On motion of Mr. GIIEEN, it was
OulcrctThat !he (Viniiiiitlee en Pi Milh he di^ehniqerl
fiom the 11111h< 1 ruiiMiiei.iiiiiii of the pennon of ('hailed I'\
lit iiekner, .ulniiii^ti.itor el William White, dece.i-ed.
RECOMMITTAL OF A BILL.
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER, it was
Oulercd, That the Inil (S. !Yo. 03.i) to provide lor convey-
imjthe mails of the United Ftnle* I em i Panama to Valpa-
raiso, on the west const of South Anieuea, in connection
with the malt route* -ilieadv established,01 hereafter to be
established, to New Orleans. New York, and Calitoima,be
recommitted tu the Committee on the Post Ortae and t'o.-t
Iloads.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. GREEN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bi tng in a bill (S. No. 63c!)
making a grant of alternate sections of public
lands to aid m theconstruetion of railroads in the
Territory of Kansas; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. ADAMS presented the credentials of Hon.
Jefferson' Dams, elected by the Legislature of
Mississippi a Senator from that State for the term
of six years from tho 4tli of March next; which
were read, and ordered to be filed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. JONES. I throw myselfoii the indulgence
of the Senate to ask them to take up a House
bill reported from the Committee on Claims, for
a constituent of mine. If if 2;ives rise to any de-
bate I shall consent that it he upon the table.
The PRESIDEXTp/'o tempore. Morning busi-
ness is first in order, and the Senator from Ten-
nessee has a precedent motion to take up the bill
repoited by luni.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I dc :sire to make a surges- !
tion to the Senators from Rhode Island and Ten-
nessee. This is the last day devoted to the Pri-
vate Calendar under the rules. My suggestion
and motion is, tnat we proceed to take such
private bills from the House of Representatives
as do not give rise to debate, until the hour of
one0'clockarrives. ["Agreed!" "Agreed!"] We
can do a great deal of private justice by that time.
If we do not do it now, it will not be done at all
at this session.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope the Senate will, before
taking up the Private Calendar, consider the bill
from the Committee on Public Buildings in refer-
ence to the enlargement of the public grounds ad-
joining the Capitol. It is absolutely necessary
to be passed at this session. If not, the Grounds
cannot be completed until the lines are defined;
and the heaviness of the embankment on the'
southern side will require an interval of two years
before a railing can be placed there or the street
paved. 1 think the bill will not create debate. I
have had the plan put up in the lobby so that
Senators may examine it. It has been agreed
to by the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds of both Houses. The bill is printed
and on the table, and was postponed until yes-
terday, and ought to have come up, as I think
then. I hope it will be taken up now. It cannot
require much time to dispose of it before you go
011 with the Private Calendar. If the bill passes
to-day, I hope to have it passed in the House of
Representatives, because it ought to be passed at
this session.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I insist on my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of proceeding to the con-
sideration of House bills on the Calendar.
Mr. BRODHEAD. That do not give rise to
debate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am willing to
sccond the motion of the honorable Senator from
Delaware at the proper time, but the bill I have
reported this morning has been here five years,
and has always been passed by the Senate when
presented. It is the first and only bill that has
been in the Senate since I have becai^here, that
was for the relief of any citizen of South Car-
olina. It simply authorizes the Secretary of War
to adjudicate the claims of those who served in
the war of 1812 on the principles of equity and
justice, and to pay to them anything thai is due.
I ask the Senate to take it up and pass it; it will
not occupy a minute, and then I am willing, if it
be the pleasure of the Senate, to take up the bill
of the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope the bill I have named
will be taken up. It cannot give rise to much
debate.
Mr. FITZPATIUCK. I am not disposed to
throw obstacles in the way of my friend from
Pennsylvania; but when we adjourned this day
week, wc lacked closing the Private Calendar by
some six or eight Senate bills of an eminently
just character. Several of them had passed the
Court of Claims, but. have not yot been reached.
I think that, in order to do equal justice, the first
proposition should be to dispose of the remainder
of the Senate private bills on the Calendar, so
as to allow them an equal chance in the House of
Representatives.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I beg leave to suggest to
my fiiend from Alabama that the Senate bills
which we passed the other day will not be touched
in the House of Representatives. We wasted
last Friday in passing Senate private bills. My
motion is that we proceed to the consideration of
the Private Calendar until one o'clock, consid-
ering only such bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives as do not give rise to debate.
Several Senators. Say two o'clock.
Mr. HILNTER. I hope two o'clock will not
be fixed. At one o'clock we ought logo on with
the. appropriation bills.
Mr. WELLER and Mr. MALLORY. Say
half-past one o'clock.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I move that we proceed
with the consideration of the House bills until
half-past one o'clock.
The PPvESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania to postpone all prior orders, for the purpose
of taking up the House bills on the Private Cal-
endar.
Mr. CASS. I think the bill submitted by the
honorable Senator from Delaware, with respect
to the public grounds, is indispensable to be acted
upon. I think nothing should delay the action
of the Senate on that point. It is a matter of
great public interest.
Mr. ADAMS. Why did it not come here
sooner?
Mr. CASS. The season is so far advanced
that it the bill be not passed immediately the work
cannot be begun this year.
Mr. BRODHEAD. There is no necessity for
that bill. The public buildings have not yet been
