1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
finished. I ask that the question may be put on
my motion.
Mr. BAYARD. It is a bold assertion on the
part of the Senator from Pennsylvania to say that
there is no necessity for that bill when he knows
nothing: about it. There is a necessity. Though
the public, buildings are not completed, are you
to let the public grounds lie in the condition in
which they now are until after you finish the Cap-
itol, which will probably be three years hence?
It will take you two years, as I have stated, be-
fore the filling in which has to take place on the
southern side, in order to give any approaches
there, can settle so as to have it paved or a railing
put around it. I think it is a matter of great pub-
lic interest; I have no interest in it more than any
Senator; but the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania is entirely mistaken when he says there
is no necessity for the passage of that bill. It
ought to be passed at this session; for if it does
not pass at this session, of course it will not pass
until towards the close of next session, and that
year will have elapsed, so that you cannot begin
the filling up until the next year; and thus you
lose two years; and then it will take two years
for the ground to settle. You cannot fill it up
until you have defined and extended the public
grounds. I say there is a strong reason for taking
up this bill now. It wi 1 require but a short time
for its consideration, and then the private bills
from the House of Representatives can come up
in order.
Mr. JAMES. My friend from Pennsylvania
fixes the hour for the special order at half past
one o'clock. If his motion be adopted, that will
give us time to take up and pass the bill of my
honorable friend from Delaware.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to take it up first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What is the
hour indicated by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. Half past one o'clock.
Mr. HUNTER. Ihope not. At one o'clock
we ought to go on with the appropriation bills.
We have nearly all of them to act on yet. I must
be allowed to say that four of the most important
have come up from the House of Representatives
without a single amendment to them as originally
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means
there. We shall have to consider all the amend-
ments, and settle them perhaps in committees of
conference. I have never known a time when
the appropriation bills were so much in danger
as now. Unless the Senate will consider them,
I cannot be responsible for the consequences.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on postponing all prior orders unul half past
one o'clock, for the purpose of taking up the
House bills on the Private Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I trust the Calendar will be
taken up where we left ofi' last Friday, with the
Senate bills.
The PR ESIDENT pro tempore. The order of
the Senate is to take up private bills of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the Senate
allow me to appeal to them for one moment. 1
have reported a House bill this morning which
should be passed.
Several Senators. We will reach it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We cannot tell
when it will be reached. It will not take five
minutes to pass it now. I hope the Senate will
dispose of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to anything not
in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
can only take it up by general consent, after the
order just passed.
Mr. JAMES. I call for the regular order.
Mr. BAYARD. Is it in order for me now to
move to postpone all prior orders, to take up the
hill (S. No. 626) in relation to the public grounds?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chan-
thinks not.
Mr. WELLER. No business has been trans-
acted since the motion was egreed to.
PARMELIA SLAVIN.
The first private bill of the House of Repre-
sentatives on the Calendar was a joint resolu-
tion (No. 24) to pay the pension due Parmelia
Siavin, late wife of John Blue, deceased, to her
administrator; which was considered by the Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole. At the last
session of Congress an act was passed granting
a pension to Parmelia Siavin, late the wife of
John Blue, deceased, of four dollars per month,
for five years, from January 1,1848, who is now
dead; and in order that the pension may be se-
cured to her representatives, the resolution directs
the proper officer to pay Artemas Sayles, the
administrator of Parmelia Siavin, late the wife
of John Blue, deceased, out of the money appro-
priated for the payment of pensions, the amount
of pension due to her by the act of March 2,1855.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading., read the
third time, and passed.
BETSEY NASH.
The next House private bill on the Calendar
was the bill (No. 281) for the relief of Betsey
Nash, which the Senate proceeded to consider as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Interior to place the
name of Betsey Nash, of Stockbridge, Madison
county, New York, upon the list of half-pay pen-
sioners, as the widow of Doctor Sylvester Nash,
at the rate of twenty-two dollars per month, to
commence from the 1st of January, 1831, and to
continue for ten years.
Mr. CLAY. I must object to that bill. I
would rather that it should lie over, as it is for
arrears of pension.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the honorable Sena-
tor will not ask that it lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
cannot direct it to be laid over, unless by general
consent.
Mr. CLAY. The motion was to take up those
bills that did not give rise to debate.
Mr. BRODHEAD. That was my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If it be the
general understanding of the Senate, the Chair
will so construe it that any bill which gives rise
to debate shall be laid over. ["Agreed."] Does
the Senator from Alabama require this bill to lie
over?
Mr. CLAY. Yes, sir.
The bill was laid over.
REBECCA SMITH.
The next private bill of the House on the Cal-
endar was bill (No. 366) for the relief of Rebecca
Smith; which the Senate proceeded, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, to consider. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Rebecca Smith on the roll of revolutionary pen-
sions for the State of Georgia, under the act of
July 7,1838,and the other acts subsequent thereto
continuing the benefits of those acts to the recip-
ients thereof, and pay her a pension, at the rate
of $100a year, under that act, during her natural
life.
David Smith, of South Carolina, rendered mili-
tary service durmg the war of the Revolution for
more than two years as a private of horse, as
appears by the record of military service in the
office of the comptroller general in that State.
The petitioner was lawfully married to a David
Smith, of South Carolina, and there is evidence
in the case tending to prove that the husband of
the petitioner was the identical David Smith who
performed the military service. But the Com-
missioner of Pensions does not regard this evi-
dence as satisfactory to establish the fact of
identity. This committee, however, are of opin-
ion that the petitioner is the widow of the David
Smith who performed the service, and that she is
entitled to the benefit of the act of July 7, 1838,
and the acts subsequent thereto continuing to
beneficiaries the benefit of that act. _ |
The bill was reported to the Senate without j
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the j
third time, and passed. j
GEORGE SCHELLINGER. j
The bill (H. R. No. 358) for the relief of j
George Schelimger was considered as m Com- j
mittee of the Whole. It requires the Secretary of j
the Treasury to pay George Schellinger ยง284 25, !
in full for damages sustained by him by reason
of destruction of property by the army of the
United States during the Black Hawk war.
Schellinger, it appears, was a farmer; and
during the month of June, 1832, a Government
trainofaboutforty baggage-wagons,accompanied
by about one hundred meaatencamped on hia
premises for three days, takfljf possession of the
same, and suffering the cattle and horses of the
train to occupy his inclosures and destroy his
crops, and the damage was then estimated at $500.,
It appears that a board of commissioners was es-
tablished at Galena in 1833, consisting of Wil-
liam Hempstead and two others, to adjudicate
upon such claims growing out of the Black Hawk*
war. The commissioners adjudicated the claim
under consideration, and allowed the sum of
$284 25. The evidence shows that the petitioner
sustained damage for which he is entitled to com-
pensation; but as to the amount of damage, the
evidence is somewhat conflicting, and the com-
mittee recommend the allowance of the smallest
amount named, being $284 25, the sum allowed by
the board of commissioners.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
MARY ANN CLARK.
The bill (H. R. No. 370) for the relief of Mary
Ann Clark, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Mary Ann Clark, of New
York, on the pension roll, at the rate of five dol-
lars permonth, forfive years,commencing on the
1st day of January, 1856.
Mary Ann Clark is the widow of Edward
Clark, as appears by the certificate of marriage.
Edward Clark enlisted in 1847 in company A,
commanded by Captain Larkin Smith, of the 8th
infantry, in the Mexican war. He was of robust
constitution, healthy, strong, and sound, tho pic-
ture of health, with the apparent promise of long
life, but he was taken sick in Mexico, and exhibited
symptoms of immediate dissolution. On the close
of thfe war he was able to move with the army
from Mexico, and proceeded to New Orleans,
and up tho Mississippi river to Jefferson bar-
racks, Missouri, wheie he was honorably dis-
charged. Then sick, he managed, as best he
could, to reach home in Ontario county, New
York, which he succeeded in doing, reaching
home a fit subject for a sick bed, to which he was
mostly confined till his death, which took place
on the 29th of April, 1850.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
THOMAS B. STEELE.
The bill (H. R. No. 44G) for the relief of
Thomas B. Steele, passed assistant surgeon of
the Navy-of the United States, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It directs that
there be paid to Thomas B. Steele, passed assist-
ant surgeon of the Navy of the United States,
$717 65, being the difference of compensation to
an assistant surgeon and a passed assistant sur-
geon, from April 24, 1852, to April 21, 1855.
The petitioner was commissioned as assistant
surgeon in March, 1847, and he went to sea on
duty in the home squadron, and remained at sea
until December, 1849. In September, 1850, he
was ordered to join the Saratoga, under orders
for the China seas, and served in the East India
and the Japan squadron until 1854. By the act
of 1820, approved May 24 of that year, an assist-
ant surgeon who has been in service four years,
and has seen two years' service, is entitled to be
examined, and if found qualified, to be passed for
promotion with increased pay. Those officers
of the petitioner's date, who were in the United
States, were examined and passed in the spring
of 1852; but the petitioner then being in service
on distant seas, by order of the Department,
could not be examined until April, 1855, at which
time he was passed; and his warrant, therefore,
bears date in the spring of 1852. In consequence
thereof, the Department decided that the peti-
tioner could only be paid as an assistant surgeon
from the time at which he was examined. The
committee are of opinion that the memorialist is
clearly entitled to the pay of a passed assistant
surgeon from the date of his warrant, and ac-
cordingly report a bill for his relief.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
LYMAN N. COOK.
The bill (H. R. No. 372) for the relief of
