922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 27,
Lyman N. Cook wur nest considered as in Com-
mittee of the Who" It directs that the name of
Lyman N. Cook be piaced on the pension roll of
the United States, and that he receive an annual
pension of $2250 per month dtinnghis natural life.
Cook served in the war of 1812 as surgeon's
mate in Colonel Alien's regiment of New York
militia. During the battle of 17th September,
1814, at Fort Erie, he had the tympanum of his
ear ruptured by concussion of the firing of can-
non. On the 3d March, 1843, upon satisfactory
proof of hisservices and d isability, he was allowed
a.pensioD of $11 50. The House of Represent-
atives had the pension $22 50, but the Senate re-
duced it to the above sum. The petitioner now
famishes additional proof showing increased dis-
ability, amounting to nearly, if not altogether,
total. The committee therefore report the bill for
his relief, allowing him $22 50 per month for life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
RICHARD PHILLIPS.
The bill (H. R. No. 473) for the relief of Rich-
ard Phillips was considered us in Committee of
the Whole,
It authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Richard Phillips, of Massa-
chusetts, on the invalid pension roll, at the rate
of eight dollars per month, to commence on the
3d of December, 1855, and to continue during his
natural life.
The petitioner was a private and sergeant in
Captain Pritchard's company of Massachusetts
militia, raised for the defense of Marble-head and
the adjacent coast, in the war with Great Britain,
in 1814. While actually m the service, and in
the line of his duty, he received a severe injury
in his right knee. It appears that, after hiving
posted the guard for the night, an alarm guu was
fired, and that while on his way to report the
same to the officers at the fort, he fell upon a
ledge of sharp rocks, and received an injury in
his right knee, which disabled him from duty,
and confined linn for some time ill the hospital,
and resulted in permanent lameness. The testi-
mony shows that the injury has incapacitated
him to a great degree Com obtaining his sub-
sistence by manual labor, and no%v totally dis-
ables him.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
SAMUEL K. THURSTON.
The bill (U. It. No. 254) for the relief of the
heirs ofSainuel It. Thurston, late D.'legate fiom
Oregon, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. Itnuthoiizes the Secretai y of the Treas-
ury to pay to the legal representatives of Samuel
R. Thurston, late Delegate from Oregon, for the
benefit of Ins heirs, the difference between the
pay he has already received for mileage, and that
now allowed to and received by the present Del-
egate.
By the act organizing that Territory, ■which
was passed in 1348, the mileage of the Delegate
was limited to $2,500. Under this act Mr. Thurs-
ton was elected Delegate; and during his term in
1850, Congress, ill legislating upon the same ques-
tion, allowed mileage to the members from Cali-
fornia and the Delegate fiom Oregon t4 by the
most usually traveled route within the limits of
the United States." And by the act of 1352, there
is a diitct lcpeal of the limitation of the general
mileage law as contained in the act of 1848. Mr.
Thuisum was allowed mileage at both sessions
of the 1 hu-iy-l'irst Congress by the. overland
route to the Pacific: all other members have been
allowed by the route which they actually tsav-
eled, and which all were obliged to travel; and
thus Mr. Thurston received but little more than
one half the sum which each of those who came
under the same laws, lived on the same coast, and
traveled the same route, were allowed and re-
ceived.
The committee submit to the House that there
is no " usually traveled route within the limits of
the United States" from Oiegoil and California,
by which it is possible for persons to pass, except
in large bodies, and such route cannot justly or
legally be held to ba within the law of ld50, and,
therefore, the lestrietire words must be inopera-
tive, leaving the act to take effect as removing
the limitation in the act of 1848, and placing the
Delegate from Oregon and the members from Cal-
ifornia under the operations of the general law,
by the most "usually traveled route," which
certainly is the route by which the present Dele-
gate is allowed his mileage. And this view is
more directly manifested by the act of 1852,
which simply repeals the act of 1848—the whole
effect of this act of 1859 being a direct repeal of
the act of 1848, which it is herein held was im-
pliedly done by the act of 1850.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CAPTAIN THOMAS GILL.
The next House bill on the Private Calen-
dar was the bill (No. 438) for the relief of the
heirs of Captain Thomas Gill, which was re-
ported adversely from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims. It directs the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to pay the full amount of
five years' commutation pay of a captain of cav-
alry in the army of the Revolution, to the legal
representatives of Captain Thomas Gill, late of
the army of the Revolution, (Sumter's division.)
Thomas Gill entered the service as a militia
man in the Camden district, South Carolina, in
December, 1778, under Captain Philip Walker,
and he served in this capacity about three months,
when he was discharged. In a few days afterwards
he volunteered under Captain Walker, upon a call
for volunteers, and marched to General Lincoln's
headquarters, on the Savannah river; and under
the command of Colonel Lawrence, a regular offi-
cer, he was marched to Charleston early in the
year 1799, where he remained until about Au-
gust, 1779, when the company to which he be-
longed was disbanded. Shortly afterwards, he
again enlisted under Captain Alexander Pagan,
at Ransom's mills, in North Carolina, and was
attached to Colonel Sumter's regiment, and
marched to liocky Mount, South Carolina; thence
to Camden; and in August, 1780, he was elected
a lieutenant 111 that company. Fi om thence they
were marched to " Old Fields," where a battle oc-
curred between the forces of General Sumter an.l
the British forces, in which Captain Pagan was
killed, and most of the company cut to pieces
or taken prisoners. The remnant of that com-
pany,reinforced by other volunteers,shortly after-
ward organized, and cleeted LieuteiiantGill their
captain, in which capacity lie continued to serve
in General Sumter's division until the close of
the war. While in the service he was at the
battles at Congaiee, Byging church, and at En-
gro's quarteis, besides several skirmishes with
the enemy. Under the resolution of Congress,
he, as such officer, wa3 entitled to the full pay of
such officer for fiv3 years, in lieu of the half pay
for life; but the evidence from the Departments
shows that no application was made by him
during his lifetime, nor by his heirs since his
death, until this one; and as the committee believe
thatthe five years'full pay is justly due his heirs,
inasmuch as it appears that this service was ill the
service of the " horse," they are ofopinion that
he was entitled to pay as a captain of light-horse.
iV! r. BRODHE AD I move the indefinite post-
ponement of that bill.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN c. m'conxell.
The biil (II. R. No. 459) for the relief of John
C. McConnell was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
It directs that $995 42 be paid to John C. Mc-
Connell, out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for fresh beef furnished
by him to General Ciuitman's brigade of volun-
_ teers in the Mexican war in A pi if, 18-17.
i The bill was reported to the Senate without
! amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third tune, and passed.
JOSEPH M'CLURE.
The bill (1"I. R. No. 450) to reimburse the es-
tate of Joseph rUcClure, a paymaster in the war
of 1812, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to David McClure, administrator of Joseph
McClure, a regimental paymaster in Colonel
Warren's regiment of New York militia in the
ll war of 1812, $551 31, out of ar.v moneys m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the same
being the amountof a judgment paid by McClure
to the United States for moneys paid out by him,
for which the vouchers were burned, but which
was paid by him to his regiment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
WILLIAM KENDALL.
The bill (H. R. No. 466) for the relief of Wil-
liam Kendall, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It directs the accounting officers of
the Treasury to settle the account of William
Kendall, sutler at Fort Columbus, for all articles
furnished by him to soldiers there recruited or
stationed during the late Mexican war; and in all
cases where the several amounts claimed were
regularly entered on the original muster or de-
scriptive rolls which accompanied the detach-
ments from that fort, and were thus charged
against the respective soldiers, but were not trans-
ferred to the company rolls, nor retained out of
the soldier's pay and allowed to Kendall, the
amounts shall be allowed and paid to him.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and or-
dered to a third reading.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I think that bill ought
not to pass without some explanation. It leaves
no amount mentioned.
Mr. WELLER. I can satisfy the Senate that
it is a perfectly just claim. The committee looked
into it very carefully.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not object to it
with the explanation.
Mr. WELLER. I do not think I ever saw a
clearer case.
The report was read, from which it appears
that Kendall was the regularly appointed sutler
to the army at Fort Columbus, in the harbor of
New York, during the late Mexican war. That
port was one of the general recruiting depots
where thousands of recruits remained only for a
few days to receive primary instruction, and were
then oidered to the seat of war. On the 16th of
February, J84C, the Secretary of War issued an
order modifying the previously existing regula-
tions for the settlement of sutlers' claims, so as
to require that " claims against soldiers who leave
the pay district in which the debts were con-
tracted before payment, must be properly stated
on the muster-roll, descuptive hats, oi ceitificatea
of discharge, as heretofore directed, for the in-
formation of the paymaster, who will settle with
the soldier accordingly, taking his receipt for no
more than is actually due him after deducting
sutlers' claims and all other stoppages required to
be made." The order further required the ac-
counts of these claims to be kept in the Paymaster
General's office, and certified to the accounting
officers of the Treasury, so that the sutler could
receive payment from any paymaster in the
service.
The memorialist further alleges that, under the
operation of this order, he furnished such articles
as were prescribed by a board of officers, at a
tariff of prices fixed by them, to a large number
of newly-enlisted soldiers; and upon the depart-
ure of each detachment for the seat of war, he
furnished the amount of his claims against the
several soldiers to the commanding officer of the
post, who caused the same to be duly entered on
the muster or descriptive roll, signed by himself,
of which a copy is on record in the office of the
Adjutant General.
fie further states that, upon application at the
offices of the Adjutant General and the Second
Auditor, it was ascertained that a large amount
of claims had never been transferred by the sev-
eral army officers from the original list or roll to
the company rolls. In consequence of this omis-
sion, the claims never became known to the sev-
eral paymasters. AH such soldiers as owed these
amounts to the sutler were paid in full without
the deduction required by law; and the memorial-
ist thereby lost the claims to the amount of about
two thousand five hundred dollars. T he appa-
rent negligence of the officers whose duty it was
to transfer these claims to the muster-rolls of the
companies subsequently formed of these recruits,
isattr buted to the haste and excitement incidental
to the active campaigns of 1846 and the beginning
of 1847.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
