1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
925
bill (S. No. 616) to provide for the final settle-
ment of the land claim of the heirs of Jehu Un-
derwood in Florida. It is simply to allow tlie
heirs to go before the district court with their
claim for land, because, in consequence of the
heirs having been minors, and out of the' State,
they were not aware of the existence of the law
authorizing them to go before the court until the
period of limitation fixed by the law expired.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It provides that the claim to title to
land in Florida of Jehu Underwood, derived from
the Spanish Government, shall be received and
adjudicated by the United States district judge for
the northern district of Florida, in the same man-
lier that it would have been received and adjudi-
cated if the claim had been presented in the supe-
rior court of Florida Territory within the time
prescribed by the several acts of Congress in re-
gard to such claims in Florida.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
COMPENSATION OF SENATORS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
begs leave to present a proposition to the Senate
which affects the rights of some Senators, in order
that it may be disposed of by a reference to a
committee. Those laws which regulate the com-
pensation of Senators seem to make it devolve
incidentally upon the Piesiding Officer of the
Senate to place a construction on them. It is in-
cidental only, and it is a duty which the present
occupant of this seat is very willing to devolve on
the Senate. It is found that in 1850 a precedent
was established by which questions of this char-
acter were referred by the Chair to the Senate,
and by the Senate to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. Copying that precedent, the Presiding
Officer will state to the Senate that questions have
arisen before him as to the construction of the act
to regulate the compensation of members of Con-
gress, approved August 16, 1856, which affect
the compensation of certain Senators who have
been chosen since the commencement of the first
and the present session of this Congress, as to the
time when the compensation of each should com-
mence, and the mileage properly to be allowed,
which the President pro tempore desires should be
submitted to the Senate on this as on the former
occasion, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, following strictly that precedent.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the subject be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
Post Office appropriation bill, and, after much de-
bate, it was passed, with a number of amend-
ments—for all which see the Appendix.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to take up the defi-
ciency bill. My purpose is, after it shall be
taken up, to move an adjournment, so that it
may be the first business in order to-morrow, after
the morning hour.
Mr. DOUGLAS. This morning I yielded the
Oregon bill in order to divide the time of the Sen-
ate between the important business before us. I
must resist the motion of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, as 1 desire to have the Oregon bill disposed
of to-morrow. I shall have to ask for the yeas
and nays on his motion.
Mr. PRATT. I think it would be very much
better that we should have the yeas and nays as
to what business shall be taken up first when
there is a fuller Senate than there is at this late
hour. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and at eleven
o'clock, p. m., the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 27, 1857.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the report from the
select committee, on which the previous question
has been ordered.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. Is a-motion that
there be a call of the House in order!
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. Then I move that the
House*adjourn; and on that motion call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas none, nays one hundred and
fifty-five; as follows:
YEAS—0.
NAYS—Messrs. Akers, Albright, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, liillniglmi'st, Uingharn, Bishop. liiiss, Ttowie,
Bradsliavv, Branch, Brenton, Broom, Buffinlon, Burlin-
game, Burnett, James H. Campbell, Joint P. Campbell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Garble, Ca^kie, Ezra Clark, Claw—on,
Clingman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Comins, Cox,
Cragin, Cralge, Craw-foul, Cumback, Davidson, Henry
Winter Davis, Jacob C. Davis, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean,
Denver, Dickson, Dodd, Dovvdell, Durfee. Kdniundson,
English, Ethcndge, Faulkner, Flagler, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Gainetl, Graugei, Augustus Out), Robeit I!. Hall, Harlan,
J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Haven, Hodges, Hoffman, Ilolloway, Thomas R. llorton,
Houston, Howard, Jewctt, Ueorge W. Jones, Keitt, Kelly,
Kelsey, Kidwell, King, Ivnapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Kunkel, Lake, Loiter, Letcher, Lumpkin, Maee, Alex-
ander IC. Marshall, Samuel S. Maishall, Maxwell, Mc-
carty, McQueen, Kilhan Miller, Miliward, Moore, Morgan,
Mott, Niehols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Packer, Paine,
Paiker, Peck, Pennington, Periy, Pettit, Powell, Priugle,
Purviance, Puryear, Quitman, Reade, Ready, llicaud,
Ilitchie, Robbms, Rutfin, riahin, Sandidge, Sapp, Bavage,
Scott, Seward, Sherman, Shorter, S.mmons, Samuel A.
Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stewart, Stranalian, Swopp,
Thurston, Todd, Trat'ton, Tyson, Underwood, Vail, Valk,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge, Waldron, Walker, Wainer,
Cadwalader C. Washburne, Eihhu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Watkms, Wilson, Wells, Wheelci, Williams,
Wmslovv, Woodruff, Woodwortli, Daniel B. Wright, and
Zollieofl'er—155.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the above call,
Mr. QUITMAN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Barksdale, was confincd to his room by indis-
position.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed House bill
(No. 566) reducing the duty on imports, and for
other purposes, with an amendment; in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House for leave to take up
that bill and the amendments of the Senate, and
have them referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
CASE OF HON. W. A GILBERT.
Mr. ORR. I call for the regular order of busi-
ness.
Mr. TYSON. I ask leave to introduce a bill
granting a register to the bark Ann Elizabeth.
Mr. WHEELER. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The business regularly in
order is the consideration of the following reso-
lutions, reported by the select committee:
1. Resolved, That William A. Gu.bkrt a member of this
House from New Yoilt, did agiee with F. F. C. Tnplett
to procure the passage of a resolution or bill through the
present Con<?res^, for the purchase by Congress of cerram
copies of the book of the said Triplett on the pension and
bounty land laws, in consideration that the ^<iid Tnplett
should allow him to receive a cettam sum of money outof
the appropriation for the purchase of the book.
2. Raoived, That William A. Gilbert did cast his vote
on the Iowa land bill, depending herctotoie before this
Congress, for a corrupt consideration, consisting ot seven
'squaie miles of land, and some stock given, or to be given,
to him. „ . . ..
3. Resolved, That William A. Gilbert, amember of this
House fiom New York, be forthwith expelled hoin this
House.
The first question will be on the following
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Purviance,] on which the previous ques-
tion has been ordered:
Resolved, That this House will forthwith proreert with
the trial of Hon. W. A. Gilbert; and that the Sergeant-at-
Arms he dueeted to summon F. (J. Tnplett arid James
K. Sweeney to the bar of the House 5 and that the said Gil-
bert be heard by himself or counsel.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania is not
reported as it was offered.
The SPEAKER. The words "and other wit-
nesses" were proposed to be stricken out. The
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Seward] objected;
but subsequently withdrew his objection. The
Chair understands that objection was renewed by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wakeman,]
and the resolution will stand with the words
"and other witnesses," inserted after the word
" Sweeney."
Mr. STANTON. I ask to have read some
extracts which I have had copied from the man-
uscript testimony of Mr. Simonton, and which
has not been published.
Mr. ORR. I object. It was neither taken nor
announced as testimony.
Mr. STANTON. The House can judge of
that.
Mr. ORR. It was not taken as testimony, and
the gentleman knows it. The House has had the
assurance ofthecommitteethatitis nottestimony.
Mr. STEWART. Is the amendment divisi-
ble? It proposes the taking of testimony, and
allowing the party accused to be heard.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
it is not divisible.
Mr. RICAUD. Has not the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Gilbert] the right to be hear'!
before the question is taken on tlie amendments?
Did not the House adjourn day before yesterday
that he migfet be heard ?
Mr. HOUSTON. He will be heard. Nobody
objects.
The question was then taken on Mr. Purvi-
ance 's amendment; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 82, nays 109; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Billmghuist, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton,
Buflinton, Buihngame, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee,
Bayard Clarke, Ezra Claik, Colfax, Covode, Ciagin, Cum-
back, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Dean, Dickson, -Dodd,
Durfee, Kdie, Flagler, Henry M. Fuller, Galloway,Granger,
Robert 15. Hall, llodses, Ilolloway, Thomas 11. Horton,
Howard, Ilughston, Kelsey, ICnapp, Knowlton, Loiter,
X-iimiley, M.iee, Humphrey M.Ufhall, McCatty, Kilhan
Milieu Moigan, Mornll, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Noiton,
Andiew Olfvci, I'aiker, Perry, Petnt, Piin^U-, Puiviance,
Bobbins, 11obi>on, Salmi, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman,
Simmons, Stanton, Stianahan,Tappan,Thurston, Traftou,
Wade, Wakeman, VValbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C.
Washburne, JElhhu B. Washburne, [srael Washburn,
Watson, Wood, Wooaiuff, and Wood worth—82.
NAVS—Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Allen, HendJey S. Ben-
nett, Bingham, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Broom, Burnett,
Cadwalader, James H. Campbell, John P. Campbell, Car-
lile, Caruthers, Caskie, Clingmaru Williamson R W. Cobb,
Comins, Cox, Craige, Crawtord, Davidson, Henry Winter
Davis, Jacob C. Davis, Day, Denver, Dowdell, Edmund-
son, English, Ethendge. Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Florence,
Poster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Garnett, Coorie, Greenwood,
Aum^tus Hall, Harlan, J. Moruson Hams, Sampson W.
Harris. Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Haven, Herbert, Hoff-
man, Valentino 13, IJoiton, Houston, Jewett, George W.
Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell, Knight, Knox,
Kunkel, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Mar-
shall, Samuel ti. Marshall, Maxwell, MeMullin, McQueen,
Smith Miller, Mooie, Motrison, Orr, Packer, Vame, Peek,
Pennington, Poiter, Powell, Puryear. Quitman, Beade,
Ready, Kieaud, Ritchie, linfiin, Sarididgp, Savage, Seward,
Shoiter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith. William R.
Smith, ^pmner, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Todd, Tyson,
Underwood, Vail, Valk, Walker, Warner, Watkms,
Wheeler, Wilhams, Wmslow, Daniel B. Wright, and Zolli-
coflir—109.
So the substitute was not agreed to,
Mr. ORR moved that the vote by which the
substitute was rejected be reconsidered; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table. %-
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GILBERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise at this
time with an unusual degree of emotion; but, sir,
I feel in my own conscience that I am not con-
demned, Although thus placed before this assem-
bly, and although my name has been widely
calculated tlnough the land, I know in my own
conscience that I stand here void of oiFense. I
know, sirf that the volume of testimony which
has been placed before tins body in regard to
myself has been commented upon by gentlemen
who have spoken upon this subject, and all that
I can say would add nothing to what has been
said. The testimony is of that character which
needs no comment from me; and I submit, Mr
Speaker, to gentlemen present, lawyers, and men
of responsibility and intelligence, whether, upon
the evidence which has been taken against me,
they, Bitting as a jury, would eniorce a verdict in
a civil action for twenty-five dollars. 1 ask gen-
tlemen if they would do it? Upon such testimony
I have been arraigned before this body, and se-
rious charges presented against me —charges
which are intended to cast upon any name a stam
and a stigma, not for the present, but for all tune
to come.
