«BS
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
My position, thus far in life, has not been a
secluded or isolated one, and never have I acted
a more modest and unassuming part than since
I have occupied a seat in this Hail; and I chal-
lenge any man present 10 say aught against my
conduct as a man, or as a member of this House.
If there is a member of this body who feels that
be has been injured by associating with me, I
should like to have him rise and say so. I have
occupied a seat for nine weeks in the midst of
those who were opposed to me politically, and
during that time the most friendly disposition was
manifested on my part, and on theirs towards me.
Sir, I am not aware of commuting the first act,
or doing the first thins;, which should call upon
me the displeasure of this House, or any gentle-
man in it. I have answered to the allegations
with perfcctMBonfidencc that my statement there
would be regarded with some degree of credit at
least. On the 14th day of last month, I left this
city to return to my home to attend a sick family.
While there, attending to those duties which are
paramount, in my judgment, to all others, ex-
cepting one—that is to my God—witnesses were
called and examined before this committee without
my knowledge, and when I was six hundred miles
distant. On the 26th of January I returned to this
city; and not until my return had I the slightest
intimation of what was passing. 1 soon heard
it whiaprrel around that my name was impli-
cated. After a few days ( received a note from
the chairman of the committee, accompanied by
a copy of the testimony, covering some forty
pages of foolscap, informing me of the facts. I
received that note and copy of testimony at about
eleven o'clock in the evening, and was required
to appear before the committee at ten o'clock the
next morning to make an explanation or defense.
I went, in obedience to th.it requirement, in as
good faith as I ever did anything m my life, sup-
posing that justice would be meted out fairly; and
that when they callc 1 upon me for explanation,
it would not be disregarded. 1 stated to that
committee that, owin<* to the lateness of the hour
at which J received the testimony, 1 should desire
further time; and that tune was granted.
Within a day or two rumor was rife, saying
that a dispatch was received by the committee,
that this witness, Sweeney, was on his way with
additional evidence. 1 thereupon delay<d for a
day or two; and it was on that account that the
statement appears on the record of the committee,
that I inquired whether (he examination was
closed, whether the v had all the testimony against
me, and whether they proposed to take further ,
testimony? I state tins to show that 1 not only i
acted honestly, but that I had the fullest confi- i
dence in the committee that J should have ex- 1
tended to me all the pnvilcges to which 1 was \
entitled. The gentleman who s>mt th.it disixitch ,
arrived in a day or two. I was informed that no ;
further testimony was before the committee. I ,
then ga\ e a simple narration of the facts, without I
any attempt to misrepresent, tln-m. After that I
did make an additional statement for the purpose
of overcoming the influence that might have been i
created on the minds of the committee by the
reception of a certain letter plaoed in its posses-
sion by the witness Sweeney. That is not a :
matter of rcco.-d, norwasil received us testimony !
by the commiuce. Consequently, I will make no I
reference to it. I gave my answer, believing that !
it was what I was called upon to do, and g< ntle- j
men know what that answer is. 1 denied the i
charges on oath. I was told by the committee '
that my explanation mi^ht be put in on my honor :
as a gentleman, and as a member of Congress, !
or that, if f chose, 1 might put it in under oath, i
I answeied that, as the testimony against me was ;
under oaih, 1 did not want to rest my reputation 1
on ray simple statement, as a membei, but pre- •
ferred to give my explanation upon oath—if an !
oath addec! any extr.-i weight to it. I behove, !
however, that if a man's statement is not to be j
regarded without an oath, lie may well be sus- j
pected under oath. 1
Now I have referred to the transaction before i
that committee, so far as I am concerned, for the I
purpose of showing to this House and to the i
countiy iluit it has not been my desire nor imcn- j
tion to cause any delay; but when I found that 1
full credit was to be given to the witness against j
me, and that my answer under oath was to be ;
disregarded,! was throws upon my laest remedy, i
Although this man Sweeney has lived within
fourteen or twenty miles of me, i had never seen
him save a few times before he came here, and
he was comparatively a stranger to me. Gentle-
men in my own county wrote to me saying that
if Sweeney had implicated me I should take out
a subpeiid. and impeach him. The committee
know that when I made the application for that
subpena I had to trust myself in the hands of
my friends at home. I named but one witness.
That gentleman's testimony is on the record, and
before the House. Those who came here and
impeached Sweeney are men of the highest re-
spectability, intelligence, and weight of character;
and, sustained by such men and their influence,
I do not fear the action of this House on such
testimony as has been given against me. It can-
not injure me where I am known. My life, as I
have stated, has not been a secluded or idle one.
In 1850, without an intimation or desire on my
part, I was elected a member of the Legislature
of the State of New York. The next year I was,
by a unanimous vote of the convention, renom-
inated, and was again elected by an increased
majority.
1 merely refer to this to show, that if I am that
corrupt and avaricious man, it would have been
very likely to have been known where I am best
known. But up to the present time there has
never before been a charge made against me.
And I trust that my character stands above im-
peachment oven here, as it stands above impeach-
ment in my own county.
I do not ask this House for its clemency or
mercy; I have asked for justice, and that justice
has been denied me; and I have no further re-
quest to make of the Thirty-Fourth Congress. 1
shall stand upon my reserved rights; and although
my associations here to a great extent have been
pleasant, and it is painful at this time to think of
covering my connection and my association in
this manner with the members of this House,
such must, however, be the result of this day's
proceedings.
There is one point—perhaps I had better not
speak of it, but 1 will—and that is, that those who
are dear to me, and who are dependent upon me,
arc interested in my actions; and I know they
would wish mo to sustain my own dignity and
&elf-respeet, let the result be what it may. If
my puisuers fulknvme, my fuends at homo will
never dercrt or abandon me. If I was alone in
the woi id, God knows this accusation would little
affect me : but in my situation, with the respon-
sibilities resting upon me, this effort made to tra-
duce and villify my character, which is dearer to
me than life, and to place a stain upon me and
upon those who are dear to me, is painful beyond
expiession. And m my opinion this Hons? has
done an act of giots injustice to me, to my fam-
ily, to my friends, and to my constituents, in de-
: pnving me of a fair heating and trial, which I
| asked, and which has been denied.
; Sir, I do not know but I have already said too
! much. When I rose I did not intend to ask the
attention of the House for five minutes. I had
: m my hands a paper which I intended, with a
' single remark, to send to the Clerk's desk to be
lead; but when I rose the weight of responsi-
bility forced itself upon my mind, and I felt as if
: I must give vent to my feelings.
Jf has been charged upon me, that I have at-
i tempted to delay this proceeding by raising tech-
nical objections. I ha\c pursued that course which
| seemed to me to bo right, and only for the pur-
; pose of protecting myself from wrong. I have
| done no act intending to delay the proceedings
' of the House. If there was time to have a trial,
] and to go into a full and fair investigation of this i
■ whuie mutter, I should be induced at this time to j
ask of this liouso to reconsider the vote it has j
; taken, and 10 enter upon that trial, I would ask i
: again for a li'-ai ing. because I know, as I live, that i
! i could come oat of it unscathed. I feel confident j
! that I could do it. I do not say that a witness or i
' witnesses would not swear against me; but I do !
; say that, as God is just, truth would leak out, '
] and justice would prevail even here; and to un- '
, prejudiced minds 3 should be willing to rest my :
i case anywhere. Uat it is said the time of this
| session is almost at a close—that there is not time
; to send for the witnesses which I should desire to 1
| have, if the House were at once to proceed-with ,
, the twalj and I am informed that many gentlemen !
on this side of the House have voted against
granting a trial for that reason. How this may
be I know not. I have not been to any gentleman
to court his favor. I have not been to any gen-
tleman to ask his sympathy or his vote. I have
remained quiet; and while I have felt that the
eyes of others have been fastened upon me, I*
have endeavored to pursue the even tenor of my
way, and to discharge my duty to this House
and to my constituents.
I have been placed in an unenviable notoriety.
I have felt that I was the observed of all observers.
But, as time rolls on, I feel more free. I feel that
the light of day will yet dawn upon my darkened
prospects, as some have doubtless considered
them. I see no darkness in the future. I expect
to overcome, not only the adverse influence here,
but all it may occasion elsewhere—I ought not to
say, but, perhaps, I had better say—in my own
district.
j There is a history, which, if it were unfolded,
would give you the secret of this movement;
and the people of my own district are beginning
to understand it. This man, Sweeney, has been
there since he testified against me. He has asso-
ciated with men who have sustained and used
him here; and the testimony shows him to be a
tool in the hands of others. I say here in my
place, according to my honest belief, and I thinlc
I may say, according to the belief of others, that
there are men, perhaps to be as high in authority
as the place which I now occupy, who have used
this man Sweeney for their own purposes; and,
if I could have gone to trial, some developments
would have been made here which would have
astonished gentlemen. I am prepared to vindi-
cate myself fully; but trial has been denied me.
As I have already stated, I ask not for mercy.
I have asked only for even-handed justice. I have
asked for what t supposed to be my right. It
has been denied me, and I will not detain the
House longer. I have transmitted to the Exec-
utive of New York my resignation as a member
of this body. I send to the Clerk a paper which
I ask to bo read to the House.
The paper was read, as follows:
A committee of this Ilou^e having, without any sufficient
warrant or authority fiom the House, assumed to fcitm secret
ni.il upon mv conduct and character as a Representative;
having, without notice to me, pioeeeded to take testimony
for the puipo-ie of convicting me ofcorrupt practices; having
given me no notice that such witnesses weie under exam-
ination until Mich examination was completed to the full
extent deemed neeo>saiy to affix a stigma to inv name;
and having presented to thi< House a report, accompanied
by icsotutions untiulychar«i £ me with offenses a? a mem-
ber of the Hou«--c; having at the fcame time presented a gar-
bled mass of cr parte statements upon which said K-port
professes to be founded, and from which material paitsofthe
statements actually made in secret, have been suppressed
by the rerjne'-t of the witnc^e?, and by order of said com-
mittee; and I having placed on the Journal of thu House
my denial of the chaigcs thu.s made against me, arid having
claimed of this House an open and a public tnal upon the
1&--UC thus made, and tile Hou-e having, by a majority vote,
refused me such tna!the rights of the people whom I rep-
icM'tit. and my own lights and pnviicges as a member of
thi-i limine, h«n ing been thus outiaaed, violated, and tram-
pled upon m view of thc-e tacts. J have considered it my
duty to my constituents and myself, that I should resign
mv coinnn>Mon.
I have notified the Executive of the State of New York
of tins resignation, and from this moment mv seat m this
House is vacant. W. A. (ilLKlUlT.
iioufce or Representatives, February 27, 1857.
Mr. OUR. The resignation of the member
j! from New York, of course, terminates his con-
nection with this body; and I therefore move that
!j the resolutions of the committee in his case be
[i laid upon the table.
!t Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I object.
'} Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I call for the yeas
11 and nays.
11 Mr. SEWARD. I protest against the paper
|i which was read by the Clerk going upon the
j1 Journal, for it impeaches my conduct as a mem-
if ber.
il The SPEAKER. The paper will not go upon
j: the J ourna! unless by direct order of the House.
The only thing that will appear on the Journal
^ will be the fact stated by the member from New
'I York, in his place, that he has resigned his seat
as a member of this House.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. The objec-
! tion I made was under a misapprehension of the
question before the House; and I therefore with-
| draw it.
Mr. DAYIS, of Maryland. I Withdraw the
eall for the yeas and nays.
