980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
the circumstances under which that occurred, if
it is not already sufficiently explained by the rec-
ords upon your table.
According to the rule adopted by the committee,
when the evidence was gone through with the
parties implicated were furnished with a copy of
the evidence affecting them. The clerk of the
committee was directed to furnish that member
[Mr. Matteson) with a copy of the evidiKe
affecting him. In transcribing it, there occurred
a clerical error. The error was this: instead of
the words used by the witness, that he " must
have here" $100,000 for the purpose of carrying
his bill, the words were written by mistake,
" must hand him" $100,000. So soon as the at-
tention of the committee was called to it, the error
was corrected, and the gentleman was furnished
with a correct copy of the testimony. That is the
whole of it. A large portion of the response of
the gentleman to the committee was in relation
to that fact. That is the true history of the man-
ner in which that error occurred.
In reference to this standard of legislative mo-
rality, I wish to call the attention of the House to
the communication of the member made to your
committee, after admitting that he was the writer
of the letter addressed to William C. Johnson,
the president of this Des Moines Railroad Com-
pany, of which the following is admitted by him
to be a substantial copy:
[Private.)
Ci Washington, July 3,';, I80G.
'•Dear Sir: Tho committee m oui House have agreed
to report your resolution m Minnesota to two hundred and
seventy-two thousand acres, or a*, >011 wished it, but theie
is much .trouble in tho way. Some outMdcis make mis-
chief. Arc you willing to lot your one fourth of the f'iieioiy
"be cut up and used to carry it through, in addition to what
Sttyker arranged? I can'have sonic agent promise stock
in a now factory. Let mo know without lail by return of
mail.
" Truly, O. 15. Mi
" YV. C. Johnson, Esq."
Now, in relation to the proposition contained in
this letter, the member in Jus communication to
your committee, by way of" explanation and de-
fense, says: I
" As to the contents of the letter itself, it js dimmit for ■
me to sec what has given it its vermmu mipoitunce. Ir i
was Written in the coniuleneo of fuendly lelations which i
then, at least,evicted, it was written to a constituent who !
had vast interests o\ Mak« , to admonish htm of the diameter j
of the dangers which surrounded his measure, and to Mig- [
gc?t to him the pcrferfly legitimate mode of lemovmg the >
ml vers a influences. It was otilv a tugge^non, ncvei acted j
upon, and had no refeionce whatever to any member of j
Congress, 01 any combination ofu^'mb^i-,'1 * * * a * I
" nor was it ever m hi> mind t hat Mi Johnson would <>\er i
use any means except io employ pewuis whose diameter j
and position might enable them to meet and emmteiaet the I
efforts utadoagainst him." * * * * ki Aie thete not in- i
flnences outside everting great powei over the legislation of
Congress5 What member lias not e.-n it3 Is jt in any 1
ease hardly possible topa-^ a bill wuh the influence of what
is called the third house ag'onst a ' If if would he tnoie '
featiblaetoiy, I can fuimsh the affidavit of a.-, lesp, ctable an j
ex memherof Congress n-j any ^entb'in.ni in the community j
in which he resides, statins; that ho called on me about the
time I wrote the letter, and stated that if Johnson supposed
that he could pass his bill without the a-^istanr e of oufmiWs,
he was mistaken : thathoeonld notexpectto cam oil'ilnee i
hundred thousand aeie.s of land without doing something
for the outsiders "
Now, sir, without stopping to discuss the !
propriety of the member listening to the state- i
roents of ex-membeis of Congress acting in the
capacity of outsiders ax to what should be done
for them to secure the passage of bills through
this House involving large grants of land, or ;
money, what is theexact position of the member,
as stated by himself} He insists that his object i
was to have one fourth of a factory, worth twenty- '
five or thirty thousand dollars, the individual :!
property of Johnson,cut up and used for the pur-
pose of carrying a measure through Congress;
but that it was to be used on outsiders—not on
members. That, he says, was perfectly legitimate.
Now, T wish to show, by the decisions of the
highest judicial tribunal in the country, that that
is neither moral nor legitimate. It is against public !i
policy. It is against public morality. The highest)!
judicial tribunal in the country has so decided in ii
a case involving precisely that identical principle. 1
The case will be found in the sixteenth volume
of Howard's Supreme Court Reports. It is the
case of Mai shall against the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad. The facts were briefly these: This com-
pany was anxious to obtain the right of way for
their road through the State of Virginia, and this
Mr. Marshall, who represented himself to have
great power and influence as an outsider and lobby
member over the Legislature of Virginia, made a
contract, as he alleged, with that company that
he was to be paid $50,000 for using his influence
in getting a bill through the Virginia Legislature
giving the right of way to that company. The
company refused to pay him for this outside hijlu- '■
ence; and a suit was brought in the circuit court j
for the district of Maryland; an appeal was taken |
from the decision of the circuit court to the Su- I
prerae Court of the United States. I desire now
to call the attention of the House to the view
which the Supreme Court took of this question,
and of the morality of this outside influence. Says
the court:
" It is an undoubted principle of the common law, that it
will not tend ita tud to entoice a contract to do an act that
is illegal, or which is inconsistent with sound morals or
public poh *y, or which tends to corrupt or contaminate, by
improper liitiiiences. the integrity of our social or political
institutions. Legislators should act from high consideration*
of public duty. Public policy and sound morality do therefore
imperatively require that courts should put the stamp of
their disapprobation on every act and pronounce void eveiy
CQutraet, the ultimate or probable tendency of which would
be to sully the purity or mislead the judgments of those to
whom the high trust of legislation is confided. Legislator
should act with a single eyo to the true interest of the whole
peopl and courts ot justice can give no countenance to the
use of means which may subject them to be misled by the
pertinacious impoiiumty and indirect influence* of inter-
ested and unscrupulous agents fir solicitors. Influences
beeretly urged under false and covert pi etenses must neces-
sanly operate deleteriously on legislative action, whether
u he employed to obtain the passage of public or puvatc
acts. Jinbes, in the shape of high contingent compensa-
tion, must nccessatily lead to the use of improper means,
and the e.\«'ieise of undue influence. Their necessary con-
sequence isi, the demoralization oi the agent who covenants
for them : he h soon brought to believe that any means
winch will pioduce so beneficial a result to himself are
'piopor mean.-,;" and that a shaie of these profits may
have the same elleet of quickening the perceptions and
warming tho zeal of influential or ' careless' members m
lavoi of his bill. The u -e of Mich means and Mich agents
u ill have the effect to Mibioct the State governments to the
combined capital of wealthy eoi potations, and produce uni-
versal corruption, commencing with the repiescntative and
: ending with the t le< tor. Speculator m legislation, public
and puvate, a compact eoip-j of venal solicitors, vending
then scciet influences, will mfect the capital of the Union
ami oi'cverv State, till corruption shall become the normal
condition ot the b->d\ politic, and it will be ->aid of us as of
liume, ' 0)i,ne Hot/up icnale.' "
After citing the provisions of the act of 1653,
the court says:
Jfseveritv of legislation he any evidence of the practice
of the offence-* pioinbited, it miht he the dutv of couits to
take a th m ind, and discountenance, a> against the policy
of the law, anj and every contract which may tendtointro-
ditrc ike oth nsc'S prohibited."
The court, after cuing several cases decided by
the State courts, thus states its conclusion to be
drawn therefrom:
The sum of the^e eases is, fir-;t, that all contracts foi a
contingent compensation tor obtaining legislation, or to use
pei.-onal, or any secict or muMci influence, on legislator,
:ne void in the policy of the law ; second. *eeiecy as to the
ehaiaetei und'-i which the agent or sohcitoi acts tends to
deception, and ismimoial and tiaudulent; and where the
a<rent eonua«'ts to u-e seciet influences, or voluntarily,
without eontiaetwith his puncipai, uses such means, he
cannot have the assistance of a com t to recover compensa-
tion ; thud, that what m the technical vocabulaiy of poh-■
ticians is called • It)',' lolling,' is a misdemeanor at common
law, punishable bv indictment."—16 Howard's Reports, pp.
331, ;u">, ,ur>.
Now, sir, those, who are competent to declare
the standard of morality in relation to contracts of
this sou diller widely from the gentleman from
New York. Ho says he wanted tlYb §100,000
here and tho factory stock for the benefit of out-
sider?. Well, sir, it is equally in violation of tho
duty of a member as if it had been brought here
for the benefit of insiders; it is against public policy,
public morality, and tends to corrupt the legislation
of Cogress; and it is for that reason especially
that I desire a vote of the House upon these res-
olutions in order to show what is the understand-
ing of the House in reference to the morality of
such transactions. I wish to know whether the
House will sustain the gentleman in inciting a man
to bring on here §100,000, or to give one fourth
of a valuable factory worth from twenty-five to
thirty thousand dollars, to be cuf up and used
among outsiders for the purpose of carrying a bill
through Congress, in addition to what Sti yker had
arranged, and then, when the transaction is made
a matter of investigation, to coolly tell the House
that it was a perfectly legitimate and proper trans-
action. And again he says—that at most, if he
has committed any offense, it is merely scandaium
magnatum against this body. He also insists the
factory stock was not taken and used, and the
►,000 was not used. Sir, that is not the point.
He who attempts to use it is guilty under the com-
mon law of a misdemeanor, as it has been de-
termined more than a century ago. They had
" outsiders" then as it appears as well as now. I
hold in my hand the fourth volume of Burrows's
Repoits, in which the cas$ of Rex vs. Vaughan
is reported as having been decided in 1769, to
which I will briefly refer.
The Duke of Grafton, who was first Lord of
the Treasury, had it in his power to recommend
the appointment of a clerk of the supreme court
of the Island of Jamaica, and Vaughan wanted
the place for.his son, and he accordingly wrote a
letter to the Duke of Grafton, saying that =£5,000
was deposited in one Newcomb's hands to be
paid to the order of the person who should pro*
cure the appointment of his son to tho office.
Well, sir, the Duke of Grafton did not take the
money, and did not pay any attention to him or
his proposition; but he informed the prosecuting
attorney for the Crown, who filed an information
against him.
Now there was no money paid; but there was
money promised, and ample security to be given
that the money would be paid to the person who
should procure the appointment of his son as
clerk to the supreme court of the Island of Ja-
maica. Well, sir, upon the trial of the case
before Lord Mansfield and the other judges—and
I will quote briefly from the arguments of the
counsel, and the opinion of the court—
u VVedderburn and Lee argued for the defendant, 'that
this was no offense at ad— the solicitation to take money
for an office in the colonics id no ollSnso. It would have
been no offense even if the act itself had boon done, and
the office had been gianted puisuant to the solicitation. Jt
is no offense at common laic ; it is no cnnie—no object of
positive punishment. It i? not immoral, it a good man, and
a sufficient one, is promoted to the office. Nor is there any
lesolutioti or even dictum that it is unlawful; theietore, it"
the act had been done, and thepioposal earned into execu-
tion. it would not have been punishable at common law.
Much les^ then, can the mere solicitation to do it be so—
no act being done in consequence oj it.5
" Dunning, Wallace, and itanby, for the Crown, con-
tended 4 that this attempt is cinnmal m the tempter, and the
court will dcclare it to be «o by granting the mfoimauon.
This offer is criminal, because the taking the money was
incompatible with the duty of the Duke of Gtafton as a
ihivy Councilor and First Loid of the Treasmy; it was
olleied to tempt the duke to betray /as trust by giving his
advice to the King under mch a coirupt motive. To solicit
and counsel the committing of a ciime is criminal. Here
was an ill intention in the tempter, and an ability )u the
duke to pel form the thing proposed, if he had listened to
the pioposal '
•'land Mansfield: The defendant himself thought this
ttansaetion would not bear the light. If these transactions
ate believed to be frequent, it u time to put a ^top to them,
A Minister trusted by the King to recommend fit persons to
offices would betray that tiust and disappoint that confi-
dence, if he should seeietly take a bribe lor that iccom-
ni^ndation. A ternblo consequence would result to the
public if everything that Mich an officer w.h concerned iti
advising the disposal of should be set up to sale. I arn
therefoiG for making the rule absolute. ! am clear that
this is a misdemeanor, and punishable as &uch. Wherever
it is a crime to take, it h a etimefo give—they areiecipiocal.
And m many ease*, especially in bubeiv at elections to
I'aihament, the attempt i« a ciime; i H complete on hts
side who offers it. Tlicicfoie, it appears to me that this is
a misdemeanor.
" Mi. Justice Yatrs '-aid : This charge is for attempting
impropeily the procuring of the office, not for giving a pi ice
for bestowing it. Mo doubt tins is an offense at coinmoa
law.'',—4 Jiiirrows's Rep., p. 2494.
Let us now test the legality, as well as the
morality, of the member's conduct (as admitted
by himself) by the standard of judicial authority,
and there is no justification or excuse for it. The
solicitation of parties deeply interested in the
legislation of Congress, the inciting them to bring
large sums of money here, and other valuable
property, to be used either upon outsiders or
insiders, for the purpose of influencing or con-
trolling such legislation, was an attempt to do an
unlawful and immoral act: the attempt was crimi-
nal in the tempter, even if he had no other object
in view for his own personal benefit.
We arc gravely told, however, that it is per-
fectly legitimate at this day to do these things.
To have $100,000 brought here to be used with
outsiders, to have a valuable factory cut up, and
the stock divided among outsiders, in addition to
what Stryker had arranged, is said to bq perfectly
legitimate for the purpbse of operating on and con-
trolling legislation, and that there is nothing crim-
inal or improper in it. I dissent from such doc-
trine; and I want to see this House declare its
judgment against it—to place the seal of its con-
demnation upon all such corrupt practices. I
desire an expression of the opinion of the House
