1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
933
linghurst, Bliss, Boyce, Brenton, Burlingame, Lewis I).
Campbell, Ca&kic, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark,
Clawson, Colfax, Oragin, Camback, Timothy Davis, Dean,
De WiTt, Dickson, Dunn, Faulkner, Flagler, Galloway, Gar-
jiett, Granger, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris,
Haven, Holloway, "Valentine B. Korton, Howard, King,
Knox, Lindle.y, Humphrey Marsha!), Samuel S. Marshall,
McCajty, MeMulhn, Kiliian Miller, Milhon, Morgan, Mor-
rill, Mott, Muiray, Notion, Parker, Peltou, Pennington,
Periy, Pike, Prmgle, Ritchie, liobbins, Sabiri, .Sage, Sapp,
Scott, Sherman. Simmons, Stanton, Stewart, Stianahan,
Tappan. Taylor, Thormgton, Thurston, Tratton, Wade,
Wakem'an, Walbridgc, C'adwalader C. Wa^hbuin^ and
Woodruff—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Allen, Allison, Ball,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bingham, Bishop, Bowie, Brad&haw,
Branch, Broom, BulSnton, Burnett, Cadwalader, James II.
Campbell, John P. Campbell, Carhle, Caruthetg, Clmgman,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Counns, Cox, Craige, (Jullen,
Damrell, Henry Winter Davi^, Jacob C. Davi^, Day, Den-
ver, Dowdeil, Durfee, Edmund^on, Elliott, Etririe, Euslis,
Florence, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, (ioode. Greenwood,
J.Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Harris,Hdniboxi,Ihnbi it,
Hoffman,Thomas R Hoiton, I-Imibton, Jewett.George W.
Jdpnes;Keitt, Kelly, Kidwell. Knight, Kunkel, Lake, "Letcli-
■F, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Maishall, Maxwell,McQueen,
fllillward, Mooie, Andtcw Oliver, Oir, Packcr, Paine, I'eck,
Pettit, Porter. Powell, Puivianee, Puryear, Quitman, Reade,
Ricaud, Roberts, Ruflin, Savage, Shoiter, William Pmith,
William Li. Smith, Spinner, Talbott, Todd, Tyson, Cndei-
wood, Vail, Valk, Wnldron, Walker, Warner, VVntkin^,
Watson, VVhceler, Wmslovv, Daniel B. Wright, John V.
Wright, and Zollicofiei—99.
So the House refused to lay the resolutions on
the table.
The question was then stated on the second
resolution; and it was agreed to without division.
Mr. ORR moved tu lay the final resolution on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON" moved to reconsider the vote
by which the third resolution was laid on the
table, and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr. WARNER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the second resolution was adopted, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
CASE OF HON. W. W. WELCH.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I now call up the
resolutions in the case of the gentleman from Con-
necticut. The resolutions reported by the com-
mittee were read this morning. It is not my de-
sire to submit any observations in respect to the
law or the evidence touching that case. If the
gentleman from Connecticut, however, or any
friend of that gentleman, desires to address the
House, I will yield the floor, otherwise I propose
to call the previous question.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to submit some ob-
servations, not as the friend of the gentleman
from Connecticut, but in justification of my own
course.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the previous question
will not be sustained. I do not think this so
plain a case by any means as some gentlemen
seem to suppose.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland I withdraw the
-.all for the previous question..
The resolutions were then read, as follows:
Resolved, That William W. Welch did corruptly com-
bine with William A. (iilbei t, a member of tills House tiom
New Yuik, to procuic the passage ot' a resolution or bill
through tins House for the purchase of eeitam copies nf
the work of P. F. 0. Triptett, on the pennon and bounty
land laws, for a share in the money to be paid to tliu saul
William A. Gilbert on its passage.
2. Resolved, That William W. Wi-t.rn did attempt to
procure money from Jaines R. Sweeney for rcpoitrmr i.iv-
oiatily on the claim of lloxana ICitnbaj! from the Commit
tee on Invalid Pensions, at tllH Confess.
3. Resolved. That Wili.tam TV*. Wer.cH, a member of
this House from Connecticut, he forthwith expelled from
this House.
Mr. STANTON. My opinion is, that this
House is engaged in a very serious business; uot
merely so far as it affects the gentleman from
Connecticut, but as it affects the right of every
member upon this floor, now and in all future
time. But I do not believe the House appreciates
fully the responsibility of its position. We are
now engaged in a proceeding for the expulsion
of a member upon contested questions of fact.
This thing of parliamentary and extra-judicial
investigations is a thing not very well understood,
not very wife defined, and exceedingly liable to
8.IDUS6
It strikes every man's sense of justice as being
entirely repugnant to the first principles oi civil
liberty and the rights of the citizen that a man
should be arraigned and tried and convicied with-
out being confronted with the witnesses. Gen-
tlemen may tell me that this is not a case of crim-
inal prosecution—that the rules applicable to courts
of justice in criminal prosecutions are not appli-
cable here; but, sir, it only evidences to me that
tliey do not fully appreciate the importance and*
the magnitude of the questions before us. I am
not making a mere technical case of constitutional
power; it is a disregard of the rules of the com-
mon law, and of the protection which the Consti-
tution throws round every citizen in a court of
justice—of these great constitutional principles,
which are handed down from Magna Charta, per-
petuated in the constitutions of the several States,
and in tHe Federal Constitution. These principles
arc essential to the preservation of the rights of
the citizen, whether in public or in private sta-
tions, whenever his rights or his honor may be
called in question.
Thai is point I make. I do not dispute the
power of this House, in dcfiance of such rights,
to execute its sovereign will upon any one of its
members. 1 know it is a court from whose de-
cision there is no appeal. I know it is a tribunal
of the lust resort; but I know, also, that it may
disregard the plainest rules of common law—that
it may trample the rights of the citizen underfoot,
and there is no help for it. I know all that; but the
point I make is, that it is the duty of every man,
sitting, as he does here, clothed with the judicial
ermine, to see that he docs not exercise these
transcendent powers unguardedly, and without
due, just, and Icg^jjmate regard to the rights of
the party. I know that this is an inconvenient
tribunal for an open, public trial of the party. I
do not believe with the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Walker,] and the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Davis,] that a trial at the bar of the
House is an impracticable thing. On the con-
trary, I know that, by the Constitution of the
United States, a party impeached must be tried in
open Senate, and confronted with his witnesses,
and that a judgment cannot be passed upon him
without it.
It is true that the Senate is not quite so numer-
ous a body. It is now but sixty-two members,
and perhaps in twenty years will bo one hun-
dred. If it be the constitutional right secured
to all parties impeached, to be confronted with his
witnesses in a court consisting of one hundred
members, it is not a physical or amoral impossi-
bility to do the same thing in a court composed
of two hundred and thirty-four members. But,
sir, I know that history informs us that there are
a great number of cases wheie, in the English
House of Commons, parties have been arraigned
at the bar, parole testimony taken, the parties con-
victed and ordered to be executed. 1 say, then,
if it is practicable m the House of Commons—if
it is practicable in the American Senate, it is prac-
ticable in the American House of Representatives.
Mr. "WALKER. 1 ask the gentleman to men-
tion a single case of a trial, such as he contends
for, before the House of Commons m England >
Uulu&s wholly mistaken, 1 allege that such a trial
never took place before that branch of the Eng-
lish Parliament.
Mr. STANTON. I have made no preparation
for the remarks J am now submitting; have ex-
amined no precedents; but am speaking merely
by the light of nature, and from the inspiration of
the moment.
But my memory is strangely at fault, if the
reigns of the Tudors and Stuarts do not furnish
many instances of persons arraigned at the bar
of the House of Commons for high crimes and
misdemeanor, and then tried, condemned, and
executed. 1 know these were arbitrary and tyian-
nical proceedings. I am not citing them as pre-
cedents, to be followed m all their length and
breadth, but to establish the proposition that a
trial at the bar of the House is not an impracti-
cable thing—that even in a semi-barbaroua age,
in a tyrannical reign, an open public trial was
not denied to the greatest malefactor.
Let that pass. It is not and cannot be denied
that the functions of a grand jury and a petit jury
are inconsistent. I can understand the position
of this committee very well. 1 can understand the
difficulties they encounter. I can understand the
reasons which operated on them. Whenever a
member's name was mentioned, if they had called
him before them, and heard the testimony of the
witnesses as it was given before the committee,
the result would have been that he might have
taken means to counteract the committee in their
investigation, and prevented them from taking tes-
timony to convict him. That I understand well;
that the purposes of public justice might be frus-
trated by giving to the party what is in reality
his constitutional rights when he is upon his final
trial. It is a difficulty under which the commit-
tee labor; and I may as well say here, as I said
the other day, that what I may say now, or in
the future remarks I may submit, I have no
reflections to make on this committee. I under-
stand the difficulties of their position. I will even
go further and say, that when the resolution of
inquiry had passed, and the committee had been
announced, I considered that you, Mr. Speaker,
had exercised I'cmarkable discretion in the selec-
tion of that committee. I kflew the character, and
standing, and intelligence of these gentlemen.
There is another fact, however, which subse-
quent reflection has taught me—that with all the
qualifications they have brought to bear in the
discharge of their duty, they have also brought
to bear a weight of character which renders their
judgment almost conclusivc and irresistible. I
know it is not worth while to attempt to conceal
what everybody lino ws, that unconsciously polit-
ical association.5? and party prejudices exercise an
influence over the judgments of the best men in
the nation. It is not worth while to undertake
to deny or conceal so palpable a truth as this.
You have,then, the distinguished gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Orr] on the one side, the
acknowledged leader of the party in support of
the Administration , [Mr. Orkshook his head.]
His modesty, I know, will not permit him lo
assume the leadership, but everybody awards it
lo him. He is seconded on thnt side by the grave,
dignified, and able gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Warner,] who, for his experiencehere,has quite
as much reputation as any other gentleman upon
this floor.
Then you have another wing or political organ-
ization, at the head of which stands the gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Davis.] Then you
have on the other hand, my friend from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Ritchie,] a sort of conservative Re-
publican , whose lead 1 always take great pleasure
in following, and in whose judgment and hon-
esty I have the utmost confidence. He leads that
wmg of this side of the House. This includes
flie great body of the Representatives from New
Jersey, Pennsylvania, and all the northwestern
States.
The chairman of the com mi tee represents what
may bo regarded as the more radical wing of the
Republican party, embracing the great body of
the members from New York and New England.
I know that there are individual exceptions, per-
haps many of them, m this general grouping, but
it is sufficiently accurate for my purpose. The
chairman has presented a separate report in every
case, in which I fully concur. But the four mem-
bers who have signed this report, by sympathy
in political sentiment and association, represent
fully three fourths of the members on this floor,
and have the respect and confidence of all.
Looking, then, to the members of which this
committee is composed, when they have taken
testimony, and made the recommendation before
us, and with the disposition of the human mind,
as well in regard to members of Congress as any
others, to shirk the labor of thinking for them-
selves and making their own investigations, and
to pin their faith upon other men's sleeves, it
would be marvelous if the resolutions were not
sanctioned by this House.
Mr. Speaker, the case which we are now con-
sidering labors, in the first place, in regard to the
weight due to the testimony, under the almost
insuperable difficulty that it has been taken in the
absence of the party. I have no hesitation to say
what I believe the law should be, and what course
oxight to have been pursued in this case. Ought
any gentleman to be deprived of his rights here
because we are at the close of this session, and
there is no time for trial? I think not. There
are clearly two classes of parliamentary investi-
gations or trials—one in which a direct charge is
presented in open House against a member by
name. In that case the resolution passes by the
House on information stated by a member in his
place. That is the indictmcnt; the charge which
the committee raised is required to try. In all
