99S
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
& think I did; not, of course, mentioning any-
thin'? about compensation in all of them.
« By Mr. Warnei.—Who sought thc&e conversations—
you or he? '
(< Witness—Sometimes one and sometimes the other.
The -whole of this testimony is a batch of in-
consistencies which are wholly irreconcilable.
" By Mr. Warner.—Did he state to you in any of these
^onvoVsjftions the amount ise expected to receive?
" Witness.—I do not think he ever stated to me the
amount he expected to receive.
« By Mr. Warner.—What did he say to you about his
expectation of being benefited by it?
" Witness My impression is, and I give it simply as an
imppession, that the first conversation that occurred be-
tween usjipon the subject was in the room, or at least in
file presence of Mr. Gilbert."
Now, I put it to every member upon this floor,
whether Mr. Triplett is telling the truth? He
signed that order for $14,500. Ho says he did.
He conversed with Welch and Gilbert about it.
Now, in so important a transaction would he not
recollect whether they were both present without
relying on his impressions? I invite the atten-
tion ot the House-to what he says farther:
Whether L had been told beforehand, or whether I then
beard that he was to be the lecipient of a portion of the
money L cannot say; but from the conversation that oc-
curred between us I should have drawn the deduction that
he had some interest in it. I think probnbiv that he asked
me what amount had been agreed on wiih Mr. Gilbert, but
these are matters in which I cannot undertake to be accu-
rate." *
He "first draws deductions from impressions,
which impressions are created by fugitive con
•versations, and those conversations were of that
character that he could not recollect a solitary
^e',nl of the important transaction involved. And
it is upon such testimony that a high-minded,
-honorable man is to be disgraced before this
House and the country.
" By Mr. Warner.—You wore going on to state what he
«aid to you of1 he amount he expected to icccive.
" Witness.-*-1 do not Know what hecxpected to receive."
He does not know what he was to receive—
whether anything'or nothing. Is this testimony
on which we should act?
Now, I have no feeling about this matter.
What I have said hero to-day is more to vindi-
cate my vote than to defend the gentleman from
Connecticut. 1 have never had a personal intro-
duction to him. I would barely know him if I
saw him.
<l By Mr. Orr.—Qui he expect to receive anything ?
" Witness.—I have 110 doubt he did.;5
No doubt!
"By Mr. Orr.-Why?
a Witness.—From the conversation that took placc be-
tween \is." v
He said, on a preceding page, that his conver-
sationswero fugitive, and he could not remember
the details of them; that he had forgotten things
that he did not suppose he would forget. It is
a great pity that his memory had not been oblit-
erated before he gave this testimony:
" By Mr. 0? r.—When you talked to bun as if it wa-< fixed
in >ou«* mi,id that he wa^ to rccnvc a compensation, did he
seem to talk aa it' lie understood the fact?
"Witness.—I have Hated, as definitely as I am abia to
ctate, what occuired in these conveis.ttion^."
Now, I call on gentlemen to turn me to the page
and the answer, to point to any definite, distinct,
and unmistakable fact that shows the guilt oithe
party accused—a fact 011 which a man ovon of
notoriously bad character, much less a man of fair
character, could be convicted? A man of good
character—and the gentleman from Connecticut
has heretofore borne such a character—has th*
right to avail himself of its advantage; and it
would require much stronger proof to convict him
than a man of notoriously bad character. That
is good law in the court, and I do not see why it
should not be good law here. The witness goes
on to say:
" F thiak it was undei?too<l bv both parties that it was
expected he would receive some compensation.1' *
Why did not the witness say how he got his !
information, how he arrived at such an under- j
standing, and how he came to form even a con- j
jecturo that both parties understood that it was 1
the expectation that Welch was to be compen- [
sated. Now, sir, I have great respect for the I
opinion of this committee as lawyers. One of j
them I know to be one of the first lawyers of the j
country. But I do say that it is unsafe arid ille- !
gal to allow any witness to give his expectations j
and understandings and impressions of a certain i
transaction. Facts ought to be given on which a
jury may determine. This is the law except in
a case where the question arises as to mental ca-
pacity and like cases, where nothing but opinions
can bo given based upon some act or conduct of
the party. But this is not so with regard to an
investigation of a criminal offense. There the
facts must be stated. The jury renders its verdict
on facts and not on suspicions, impressions, ex-
pectations, or fugitive conversations.
u By Mr. Ritchie.—Are you certain that he was aware of
the arrangement with Mr. Gilbert?
u Witness —lie was aware that there was an arrange-
ment with Mr. Gilbert—"
In reference to this draft of 814,500, he uses
the indefinite article " an,9* and does not say that
he was aware of the arrangement that had been
made with Gilbert, and he goes on to say:
—" though I do not know whether he knew the specific
terms. I do not think he did know the terms."
" 1 do not think he did." Now, that is the
position of the whole thing. Now, Mr. Speaker,
I am aware that there has been much excitement
in reference to this question. I know there is a
sort of diseased appetite abroad, a kind of mor-
bid desire in the country, to disgrace somebody
here. I know, honest as I believe members of
this House are, that that kind of feeling has
crept into this House and got into honest hearts,
and the most crect and upright man amongst us
will sometimes allow his judgment to be warped,
and his opinions to become biased, his prejudices
stirred up, and he may under the excitement do
wrong. This I have felt myself; but, sir, when
I examine myself, if I lind there is a prejudice in
my bosom 1 seek to be relieved, and call upon
my intellect to force it out, that I may do justice
towards all and every one. I intend to do it 111
this case as I understand it. I hope this House
will do it, and acquit Mr. Welch, with his fan-
fame and character, and say there is no sufficient
evidence against him; and let him return home to
his constituents, who are the best judges of his
character, abstaining upon our parts from doing
him any wrong.
Mr. DEAN resumed the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would ask the
gentleman from Connecticut to yield me a part
of his time.
Mr. DEAN. I will yield to the gentleman
from Virginia.
Air. SMITH, of Virginia. This question of
course interests us all. It is one which has re-
ceived my mostanxious consideration; and I have
come to the conclusion that the report of the com-
mittee in reference to the case now under consid-
eration ought not to be supported by the House.
I have come to that conclusion with every dispo-
sition to conform my action to that of the com-
mittee, because I accord to those composing it the
high merit of having pei formed a most painful and
delicate duty with commendable diligence, ability,
and integrity. I do not rise to question its juris-
diction; but differing, with diffidence, from the
committee in the case of Dr. Wetah, I will briefly
call the attention of the House to some of the
views which have led me to that conclusion, and
which induced me to offer the resolution which I
have had the honor to submit.
The House will observe a marked difference be-
tween the conduct of the gentleman interested in
jj this case and that of those who preceded him. He
jj hap. not attempted in anyway to escape from the
j! judgmentof hispeers. lie meets the question with
j| a manly confidence m his own rectitude, and the
■ impartiality of this House in its action upon the
case which is submitted to it. I confess that this
difference in conduct has impressed me most
favorably in behalf of the accused. This case
I is founded upon the testimony of two witnesses
j who are parties, by their own admission, to the
j transactions by which this gentleman is sought
| to be destroyed. It is not £0 be disguised that the
| judgment of this House against him must deeply ;
i affect his moral and political estimation. Look- ■
; ingupon itin thislightuheeomesamatterofgreat J
; consequence to look carefully into the factsandcir- ;
} cumstances connected with "this ease fnju from all ,
: passion and prejudice. What is the testimony J
| of this man Sweeney? He speaks of a single !
| transaction; and i must call the attention of die j
j House to u particularly, because it does seem to :
j me tnat it will enable us easily to come to a con- 3
: elusion different from that to which the commit- j.
1 tee has arrived. On page 65,1 find that J. R. jj
Sweeney was recalled. And I take this occasion
to state to the House that this term " recalled" is
a phrase applied to witnesses who have been
before the committee at a previous time, and is
introduced again a second time, and after a full
opportunity has existed to confcr with others ill
reference to their testimony. On the 19th of Jan-
uary, J. R. Sweeney was recalled, and made the
followingexplanation of his testimony previously
given: .
" At the time I supposed the answers were correct to the
questions us put. Now, however, on lieaung the questions
and my answers read over, and, on reflection, I think it
necessary to make an explanation, especially as the ques-
tions seem to me to have a wider application than when
they were verbally put."
The House will see that here is a witness who
comes voluntarily forward to explain his own
testimony—not explain, but to add other facts to
those to which he had previously testified. The
witness proceeds:
u There was a claim involving a small amount of money
pending belore one of the committee* of the House, which
I desired to have favoiably reported, and so stated to the
member to whom the papers were referred for examina-
tion. lie said to me that he had 110 doubt himself that it
was a meritorious chum, but that some of the committee
scrutinized such matters closcly, or words to that effect;
and that he would have to wait a favorable opportunity;
or that,, perhaps, it might become necessary to use a little
money, fifty dollars or so, to make all right. This is all I
lemcmberto havebuen said between us relative to the sub-
ject. No money was paid or demanded, unless that becon-
stiued into a demand."
Now, I put it to the House, if this is an attempt
to make money out of this transaction. If the
idea which has been expressed by this witness as
to the character of this House be at all correct,
might not this remark of his have been made with
reference to that very condition of things? Does
it imply that the member in an^ respect what-
ever expected to be benefited by this thing?
Unquestionably it is a strained deduction made
by the committee; because it does not exclude
another hypothesis, much more charitable, and
entirely consistent with the innocenc-c of the
accused. The witness proceeds and testifies as
follows:
" By Mr. Warner.—What is the nature of the claim ?
" The witness refu&ed to answer any question as to the
natme of the claim or the name of the member, unless the
committee construed such a refusal as a contempt of the
House. The committee decided that they should so hold
such refusal to be a contempt of the House.
<c Witness.—It was an invalid pension claim.
" By Mr Warner.—Who was the claimant?
" Witness—A widow woman.
" By Mr. Warner.—State iier name.
11 Witness.—Uoxana Kimball.
" By Mr. Warner.—What was the name of the mem-
ber?
" Witness.—Wilham W. Welch, of Connecticut.
Bv Mr. JVai ner.— Hiis 'hat claim been reported?
" Witness.—It was reported upon jts merits, without any
otliei consideration, as I understand.
" Bij M-<. Warner. — What was your reply when Mr.
Wclch stated that it might become 'necessary to use fifty
dollars? 3
Witness—I really do not know that T made any reply,
or that we even alluded to the subject between ourselves
aftrrwaids.
" By Mr. Warner.—There was no money paid for re-
porting the claim, as far as you know?
Witness.—There lias never been a cent paid, as f«u as
I know and believe."
And this is the whole case! And upon this
case the committee report a resolution of expul-
sion !
! But let us come to the next charge. What is
; that accusation? It rests entirely on the testi-
, mony of Triplett. He is a man with whom I am
; acquainted, whose character is vouched for by the
i gentleman from Kentucky. His character [ am
; not prepared in any way to assail. But still you
have got to look at his testimony in order to judge
ef the weight to which it is-entitled. What do
I you see from his several examinations ? That his
, testimony is of the most doubtful character by
\ his own repeated declarations? If the witness
> doubts, how can we believe? And without full
! belief how tan we condemn? Will the House
1 bear with me a moment while I refer to this tes-
timony ? 1 will do it very briefly.
On h riday, tiif IGtli January, Mr. Triplett w,us
introduced as a witness about his book aj.nmt
Mr. Gilbert: on the 17th he was pennittid to
explain; on the 19th he was again permitted to
explaia; and then for the first time he introduced
the name of Dr. Wclch as a party to the corrupt
engagement to get his (Triplett's) book through
Congress. To a question put, witness answers:
" To that I can answer that there wad another member
