1857.
THE CONCESSIONAL OLOBE.
of Congress who, I am satisfied, expected to be benefited, but'
be had no contract with me.
" By ihe Chairman.—State how you became satisfied of
that fact.
" Witness.—I was satisfied from what lie told me him-
self, that he expected to receive something from the passage
of that hill. What it was I do not know. I never agreed
to pay him anything.
" By the ChaH-man.—'State What was that conversation.
" Witness.—I could not possibly state the terms oj the con-
versation.
" By Mr. Warner.—State it to the best of your recollec-
tion.
"'WilneM.—I must be satisfied that the committee lias
the authority to make me give the name of the man before
1 can consent to give it.
"By Mr. Ritchie.—We first want to know what the con-
versation was.
" Witness.—I had frequent conversations with him, and
he has been present Where conversations occurred between
Mr. Gilbert and myself. He has spoken to me about the
matter freely and confidentially, and I think has told me
that he expected, in the event of the passage of the bill, to
receive compensation for it; in what precise language I
could not undertake to say."
After several questions and answers, this fol-
lows:
" By Mr. Warner.—State what he said, as nearly as you
can recollect, nnd what you said to him about it.
" Witness.—I cannot state any more than that all the
conversations left no doubt upon iny mind that hp o.xpeeted
to be compensated for the labors which he intended to per-
form in the case.
" By Mr. Warner.— Did he state to you what service he
could render?
" Witness.—He expected to use his influence in securing
votes.
" By Mr. Warner.—Did he say how many votes he could
control ?
"Witness.—Really I cannot possibly say. I never regarded
it as very probable that my book would pass, and I did not
chaige myself with these facts as I should otherwise have
done. I was actuated more by a desire to prevent this other
man from making the same arrangements than I was of pass-
ing my book."
Again, and after all these questions aftd an-
swers:
"By Mr.*Warner.—What did he say to you about his
expectation of being benefited by it ?
u Witness.—Mynnpressionis, and I give it simply asanim-
pression, that the first conversation that occurred between us
. upon the subject was in the room, or at least in the presence
of Mr. Gilbert. Whether I had been toLd beforehand, or
whether T-then heard that he was to be the recipient of a por-
tion of the money, I cannot say; but from the conversation
that occurred between us I should have drawn the deduction
that he had some interest in it. I think probably that he asked
me what amount had been agreed on with Mr. Gilbert, but
these are matters in which I cannot undertake to be accurate.
" By Mr. Warner.—You, of course, told him the amount
that had been agreed on?
" Witness.—I do not know thai T did tell him the exact
amount. I think it very likely that I told him that it was up
to a certain amount, without informing him accurately about
it, bccause I supposed that if he was to get any compensation,
he was to get it ftom Mr. Gilbert, and that they would make
their arrangements together.
" By Mr. Warner.—You were going on to btate what he
said to you of the amount he expected to rocpive.
" Witness.— I do not know what he expected to receive.
" By Mr. Orr.—Did he expert to receive anything ?
" Witness.—I have no doubt he did."
Is there a member in t.his House who is pre-
pared to say, on this testimony, that this conver-
sation did occur in the room with Mr. Gilbert ?
Is there a single member here, sitting on the trial
of this case, who can lay his hand on his heart
and say that this testimony establishes the fact
that that conversation did occur there? " Itismy
impression," says the witness," and I give it only
as my impression." Does that establish the fact?
Who will pretend to say so? I ask this House if
that is not substituting the judgment of the wit-
ness for the judgment of the man's peers ? I ask
whether this House will allow the witness to
draw his conclusions, instead of confining the right
to do so to ourselves; and whether, if we do, we
are not substituting him as the trier of the mem-
ber from Connecticut in place of this House ? I
will read this again, and I hope I will not be es-
teemed fastidious. " / think it verxj likelysays
the witness.
Does this establish a fact, that a man thinks
it likely that such a conversation as that occurred,
but cannot undertake to be accurate ? Does that
establish a fact for the judgment of this grave
body, sitting in judgment on one of its peers?
I ask every lawyer here, and every fair, impar-
tial mind, if that is evidence on which to convict
this man, and to drive him from among us as un-
worthy of a seat in our midst?
Nor is that all, gentlemen. I beg my friend's
attention to this question. I do not undertake to
arraign the committee, but this is the type of
many questions that wfere put:
i( Bif Mr. Warner.—You of course told him the amount
that had b&en agreed upon ?"
How suggestive! You of course told him,"
&c., leading the witness clearly to see the re-
sponse expected, if not desired !
Now, this is a clear violation of a well-estab-
lished principle of law, that has existed for ages.
At length, on the fourth examination, the wit-
ness closes his testimony as follows:
"By Mr. Orr.—Will you state any of these facts, or
your lecoilection of any of the conversations to which you
referied ?"
" Witness.—As I stated yesterday, we had conversations
about it, the tenor of which was based upon the idea of his
receiving a part of it; and I recollect that on one occasiou
he asked me, in the event of their having to distribute more
money than they had contemplated, whether I would not
do what was right, or something of that sort.
u Bu Mr. Orr.—What was the name of that member ?
<• Witness.—Dr. Welch, of Connecticut. One more ex-
planation of my former testimony. The contract nbout
which I have been speaking in reference to that book, in
my apprehension, and as I supposed was shown by the date
of the contract, terminated with the firot tension of tins
Congress."
For the first time on this examination the name
of Doctor Welch appears. All the impressions,
probabilities, doubts, and conclusions of the wit-
ness were intended for that member; and in his
answer preceding the disclosure of the name, and
in which he seems at the first glance to be more
clear and specific than before, lie concludes his
answer with the clear and intelligible words, " or
something of that sort"—persisting to the last in
giving us his conclusions instead of furnishing us
the facts from which to form our own.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I again ask, if the witness
doubts, how can we have that full, legal belief
without which conviction is impossible ?
I venture these views, gentlemen, for yourcon-
sideration. Is there any other evidence? I have
not time to call attention to the incongruities be-
tween the testimony of Sweeney and Triplett.
They differ about the original contract. Sweeney
himself speaks of a contract essentially differing
from that which Triplett speaks of. Nor is this
all. Sweeney states he was a go-between with-
out reward exeept what he was to get from Trip-
lett. Triplett states that he supposed Sweeney ;
was in the confidence of Mr. Gilbert, and was to
be paid by him.
Such is the testimony here; and, Mr. Speaker,
there is other testimony, distinct and emphatic,
upon this point; it is the testimony of Mr. Gil-
bert. These gentlemen, in their refyjrt, say that
he is an accomplice. Well, I pray^entlemen to
remember that all are accomplices in this trans-
action. I pray gentlemen to remember that Trip-
lett swears that it is not possible to get certain
matters through Congress without a resort to cor-
rupt means. The only point for us to consider
is: is the testimony of Mr. Gilbert, under the
circumstances, entitled to be considered by this
House ?
Now, sir, I submit that Mr. Gilbert has no
interest whatever in this evidence which he eives.
He does not call upon Mr. Welch to testify for
him. There is no trading of testimony between
them. On the contrary, he comes forward, and
swears positively to a point in reference to which
there seems to be a conflict of testimony. lie
says that Mr. Welch had no part nor lot nor
parcel in the transaction. His testimony, then,
is competent in this connection. And here is the
testimony of two witnesses—one on the one side,
and one on the other.
Nor is this all. This man Sweeney, if his tes-
timony is entitled to any consideration upon the
part of this House, never intimates in any por-
tion of his testimony that Mr. Welch had any
part or lot ill this book matter. I call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact, that this man
Sweeney never, to the slightest extent, implicates
Mr. Welch in this connection. He who was the
go-between of these parties—who was the agent
of Mr. Gilbert, and the agent of Mr. Triplett,
and must necessarily know all about it, as Trip-
lett indeed says—if he knew anything at all, which
I very much doubt—he never gives the slightest
particle of evidence to implicate Mr. Welch in
the matter. It is impossible to escape the force
of the impression which this fact must necessarily
create. The committee say there was no possi-
bility of an interview between these two wit-
nesses. That may have been on the 16th or 17th
of January; but their examination was continued
up to the 20th, and it seems that every day brought
with it new revelations. But, sir, without dwell-
ing longer upon this point, I call the attention of
the House to-the proper consideration which ia
due these witnesses. 1 will not comment upon
this man Sweeney, particularly in this connection;
but this House should not fail to remember how
it was that'he himself refused to answer a ques-
tion propounded to him, because it might widen
the field of examination and destroy his testi-
mony. Here is what Starkie says on the degreo
of weight due to such a witness:
"The ability of a witness to speak the truth must of
course depend on the opportunities which be has had for
observing the fact, the accuracy of his powers o( discerning,
and the faithfulness of his memory in retaining the facts,
once observed and known."
That, sir, is the very thing which is regarded
by the law books as evidence of sincerity and
truthfulness on the part of the witness; but here
you see this man Sweeney expressly refusing to
answer, because in answering he might destroy
his testimony.
Nor is that all. Both Sweeney and Triplett
speak indefinitely, so far as Dr. Welch is con-
cerned, and profess to give their ideas and con-
clusions, and not what the party said, to show
how the highest legal authority estimates such
evidence. I quote again from.the same authority,
which says:
"Of all kinds of evidence, that of extra judicial and
casual observations ia the weakest and most unsatisfactory;
sueii words are often spoken without serious intention, and
they are always liable to be mistaken and inisremembered,
and tiifir meaning is liable to be misrepresented and exag-
gerated.
■ < A hearer is apt to clothe the ideas of the speaker an iift
understands them, in lus own language, and by this trans-
lation the ical meaning imi-t otten be lost. A witness, too,
who is not entirely indifferent between the parties, will
fiequentiy, without beingssonsciotis that he does so, give
too high a colonng to wharhas been said."
It is indispensable to the value of evidence that
the witness giving it should have the ability to
speak the truth. The same author says:
'■ The ability of a witness to speak the truth must of
cour.-e depend on the oppmtunities which he has had for
observing the (act, the accuracy of his powers of discern-
m< , ami the faithlulness of Ins memory m retaining tile
facts, once obsetved and known."
Apply this test in this case to Triplett, and
with all my confidence in his disposition to speak
the truth, I ask if he has the ability required of
every witness ? As he declares, he had formed
the opinion that nothing could be got through
Congress without the use of certain appliances—
and he avoided as far as possible all knowledge
that might offend his sensibilities. He did not
wish to know. It is obvious that in consequence
of this conviction, every occurrence, every word,
was viewed through a jaundiced medium, and
"trifles light as air became confirmation strong as
Holy Writ." Is it possible that upon testimony
so vague, we can inflict upon a brother member,
heretofore without reproach, a fate worse than
death ? 1 cannot believe it.
Mr. Speaker, this question has a special inter-
est. There is not a member who has not been
importuned in this Capitol and around this Hall
to favor particular claims, and many a dark innu-
endo has been designedly made, and with cor-
rupt intent, which the upright mind of the mem-
ber never suspected or thought of after the base
| suggestion. And yet such considerations might
be brought in judgment against our purest men !
Without detaining the House longer, knowing
that I have already trespassed too much upon
the time of the gentleman from Connecticut, I
think the resolution which I have had the honor
of submitting ought to be substituted for the res-
olutions which have been reported by the com-
mittee.
Mr. DEAN. Mr. Speaker, I did not design to
address the House at length upon the resolutions
for the censure and expulsion ot' my colleague.
If I had,Ihe able and searching analysis of the
evidence presented by the gentlemen upon the
other side has fully relieved me. 1 simply desired
to speak of the former irreproachable character
of my colleague from the fourth district; but
h#ving but three minutes of my time left, I yield
the floor.
,, Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I desire to say
j a few words upon this report of the committee.
'I Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman will yield
: i me the floor for that purpose, I will move that
1 i the House adjourn.
Is Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I was going to
s! say, when the gentleman from Virginia rose, that,
'1 without waiving my right to «ajr«few words upon
