THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
this subject, I would like, if it be in order, to move
that the House take a recess until eight o'clock.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. If the gentleman
from Virginia, then, desires to submittne motion
that the House adjourn, I will yield the floor for
that purpose.
Mr. LETCHER then (at six o'clock) moved
that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, I
do not rise for the purpose of making any en-
larged argument in the case of the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Welch,] which now engages
the attention of the House. I assume that the
judgment of members in this case is pretty much
made up already upon the testimony on record.
I have never seen the gentleman to know him,
and I have no motive in the least degree influenc-
ing the judgment my vote will record, except the
judgment that as a fair mail, judging in a case of
consequence to myself as well as to that member,
I think ought to pronounce in the premises. T have
not, from the beginning of these investigations,
allowed any political or sectional feelings to in-
tervene between the parties implicated and my
own conviction of right in their respective cases.
I differ in some votes connected with these eases
with gentlemen in this House with whom I
usually concur, and I desire to say what I shall,
partly because of that disagreement. I regard
the procedures of the House in these investiga-
tions, as evolving considerations of superior mag-
nitude, seriously affecting the rights of all of its
members, and so touching the true dignity of the
body as to demand for theih serious and dispas-
sionate consideration.
I have endeavored to regard the whole subject
in this spirit, desiring only to do simple justice
between the insulted honor of the House and the
parties involved. I do not design now to go into
any extended review of the very important topics
suggested to my mind by this investigation, from
its beginning to this point. I voted for the reso-
lution which appointed the select committee. I
was willing, with the majority upon this floor, to
clothe that committee with all the powers they
have received from this House. I voted with a
preponderating majority for the bill which the
committee subsequently introduced; and I desire
to say now, sir, that while 1 appreciate fully the
motive which influenced the gentlemen of that
committee in their submission of that law, I wish
to connect with those admissions the confession
that my subsequent judgment has made me doubt
whether I was not over-influenced by the excite-
ment which then prevailed in the House, and the
desire to do anything that seemed necessary at
the moment to secure the detection and punish-
ment of whoever had disgraced the reputation of
the body. The bill seemed to meet directly the
issue presented to the committee and the House
at the moment*, but it strikes me that it impinges
too much on established principles of evidence,
and grants larger powers than a' mere committee
should be clothed with, especially without full
time for its discussion, and under the pressure of
excited and hurried consideration, and I do not
believe that it will remain long without modifica-
tion upon the statute-book.
I voted for the committee and for the bill sub-
mitted, because I felt that, under the circum-
stances in which these charges of corruption were
presented to the House, it was preeminently in-
cumbent on us all to meet them instantly and
fully by the establishment of its innocence, or the
ascertainment and punishment of guilt; and in
tms spirit I was willing to strain a point.
I am somewhat peculiarly placed, sir, in con-
nection with the pending case; for it is one of the
reports submitted by my distinguished colleague;
and as my mind has reached a different conclu-
sion from his, I will say a word or two in view
of the negative vote I shall give in this case.
I feel, Mr. Speaker, wholly convinced that $e i
committee went to the discharge of their most i
unpleasant duties with an eye single to the dis- ■
covery of the truth in ail these cases; and it is
evident to us all, from the record of their labors
that they performed their task with signal ability'.
I do not think, sir, you could have appointed a
committee more honorable or able. In the other
eases reported by the committee I have no diffi-
culty , and I havdbeen, or am, ready to -rustam them
by my votes. This case of the gentleman from
Connecticut presents itself to my mind very dif-
ferently from the others. The member implicated
in this report bears, I learn, among his friends, a
high reputation for simplicity of character and
purity of life. No word of reproach has been
uttered against his integrity, and no suspicion has
assailed him, they tell us, heretofore. Now, sir,
he makes his first appearance, in the gaze of this
House, upon the pages of this record: for he has
been so quiet and unobtrusive as a member, that
1 am sure the great majority here have, like my-
self, never known him. This quiet habit and
previous character does not, of course, establish
the hypothesis of innocence; but it is well to con-
sider such things in connection with such testi-
mony as marks his case.
How is the case made out against him ? Let
us examine the record. His conviction must
rest upon the testimony of the witness Sweeney,
and of Mr. Triplett. I confcss that the evidence
of Sweeney does not impress me sufficiently to
justify conviction on it. In the other case in
which he testifies, he is built up into respectabil-
ity by Triplett's direct and positive testimony,
and by circumstances of corroboration: and I am
glad that the case of the member from New York
did not rest on him alone, i think he has been
sufficiently impeached to justify every candid
mind in taking his evidence wifh the sharpest
scrutiny and caution. I do not mean to consider
m detail what the witnesses said as to his credi-
bility under oath, and his previous general char-
acter. Let gentlemen open the record, and they
will find blasting testimony against him on many
of its pages.
In Dr. Welch's case, he testifies to the matter
of Roxana Kimball's claim. He says that Mr.
Welch expressed himself satisfied that it was a
fair claim. He was a member of the Committee
on Invalid Pensions himself, and " the committee
sometimes inquired closely into these claims, and
he would have to wait for a favorable opportu-
nity, (to press it before the committee, I suppose,)
or that perhaps it might be necessary to use a lit-
tle money—fifty dollars or so—to make all right."
Sweeney made no reply, he says, to this. No
money was ever paid; nothing more was ever
said on the subject; the bill was reported by the
committee jgk its merits, and the member from
Connecticut who, as Sweeney says, was willing
to sell his honor, his position, his future, his all,
for the modest bribe of fifty dollars, took nothing
by his motion in the Kimball case. Mr. Speaker,
men who come hero to act the scoundrel do not
play at such picayune games as that; for this
record shows that the hook of corruption is hung
with better bait.
I repeat, sir, I do not consider Sweeney a reli-
able witness, and his " perhaps" m this case does
not build it up enough to convince me. Now, I
turn to what the other witness, Triplett, says—
and I ask gentlemen to turn to some of the pas-
sages in his evidence I shall cite. Mr. Triplett
is concerned mainly m all his affairs with Messrs.
Gilbert and Sweeney. He testifies with direct,
positive answers, as to the contract and expecta-
tions of Gilbert; and he seems to have known
nothing of Dr. Welch until he comes into the
rooms of Gilbert. lie says that.Dr. Welch was
present when con v."T";,lions were held by Gilbert
and himself about the book business; the Doctor
asked about the value of the work as a useful
compilation; was indignant ac the wrong Bennett
was endeavoring to doTriplctt in the matter, and
so on. That in th-> conversations between himself
and Gilbert, wh-nj Dr. "Welch was present, there
was, of course, "no (illusions to pecuniary trans-
action*) (pa^e 74,) but simply the thing being
understood between us, !?he questions were as to
the probability of support for the book," fee.
Tnpiott speaks of his impressions about Dr.
Welch's connection with the matter, as given
" merely a* impressions." Of the talk which, in his
own mind, connects Dr. Welch with the matter
as "loose talk,"—he professes his inability to
recollect definite conversations with him, showing
guilty knowledge; and his only important decla-
ration in the whole connection is, when he is re-
called, or rather comes back, the fourth time, I
think, before the committee, and says, in answer
to Mr. Orr, who asks him to state any facts or
recollection of any conversations, going to show
that any other member besides Gilbert war, to be
benefited by the contract, that " as I stated yes-
terday, we had conversations about it, [the con-
tract, I suppose,] the tenor of which was based
upon the idea of his receiving a part of it; and
that, on one occasion he asks, in the event of
their having more money to distribute than they
contemplated, would not I [the witness] do what
was right?" Now, until I compared this piece of
testimony with what precedes it, and measured
its force by other declarations of the witness, it
seemed calculated to make an impression on the
mind of guilty knowledge on the part of Dr.
Welch.
While, however, in this answer- we find the
witness stating conversations with Dr. Welch
based on the idea of his [Welch's] receiving a
part of the book contract, we find him asserting
the reverse of this, when, on page 70, Mr. Oir
tells him he need not detail any conversations
with any members in reference to their votes upon
measures, " if there was nothing indicating that he
[the conversing member] expected to receive, or
you [Triplett] to give anything." The witness
answers, " that he had conversations with various
members, but there was no other conversations
where there was any such understanding. As to loose
talk and suggestions,I cannot undertake to answer
for them; but there was nothing approaching a
contract with anybody else." Now, I suppose
that when Mr. Triplett talks of" a contract,"he
does not exclude from that phraseology every-
thing short of such a written paper as passed in
Gilbert's case to Sweeney, and that he would
consider an inquiry of him as to whether he would
do right if there was more money to be distributed
than they had contemplated, as a sort of propo-
sition looking very much like one of contract, and
certainlygrave enough to be remembered by him,
when, with his mind directed to just such mat-
ters, he declares that there never was*anything
approaching a contract with anybody but Gilbert,
and that the rest was " loose talk."
I cannot but think that, if Dr. Welch had been
sp fully m with Gilbert in this piece of fraud as
to talk confidentially with Triplett as to what ha
would do if they got more money out of the thing
than they (who?) had contemplated, there must
have been too perfect a knowledge on Triplett's
part of the relations of Dr. Welch to Gilbert, and
the fraud, to justify him in remembering the tes-
timony that inft\rentially impeaches Dr. Welch
so slowly and vaguely. I think, sir, that the
gentleman from Connecticut strayed innocently
into bad company when he went into the room
of the late member from Now York, and has placed
himself, by the fact of his presence when the pnr-
ties who were working up the fraud were together,
m a very painful position—one which Mr. Trip-
lett might, without intentional bad motive, easily
misconceive,and which involved him, Dr.Welch,
in the after " recollections," " impressions," and
"loose talk," that floated through the witness's
head when under the close fire of the committee.
I do not at all impugn the veracity of Mr. Trip-
lett, for I have concluded with the committcc in
the other case he testifies in, and because he has
been incidentally avouched on this floor by my
two friends from Kentucky; but I am not able,
with the impression the whole of this case has
made upon me, to find the gentleman from Con-
necticut guilty.
Besides all this, sir, we have the sworn state-
ment of the late member from New York, Mr,
Gilbert, that he never said to Dr. Welch that he
would receive any pecuniary consideration what-
ever, under any circumstances, if the resolution
purchasing Tuplctt's book was passed; that he
never intimated to him that he would be benefited
directly or indirectly by its passage; and that
nothing indicating Dr. Welch's connection with
it was ever stated in his presence. The theory
of Gilbert's complicity with Sweeney and Trip-
lett does not destroy the force of this testimony
in Dr. Welch's favor; for I think it highly ra-
tional to believe, that if Dr. Welch had any con-
nection with the matter, Gilbert would have been
more likely to let it come out, than to have for-
sworn himself for the purpose of screening an ac •
complice.
There are other considerations which influence
my conclusions in this case. I have said that I
regarded the charges of corruption against mem-
bers of this House as striking a serious blow at
its dignity, and tending to weaken, if not destroy,
