948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
evil, touching the integrity of the House. No
chargc had been made against me any more than
against any other member of the House. < The
committee had no right to summon before itany
person except in the character of a witness* If
it had, I demand to see the authority. Its or-
dinary power to send for persons and papers can-
not, either by the terms m which it is conferred
or parliamentary law, be interpreted to mean any-
thing more than a power to call persons before
them as witnesses, and to require the production
©f papers as evidence.
I appeared, therefore, before that committee as
a witness; I was sworn as a witness; and i de-
mand it shall be treated and received by the House
as the testimony of a witness before the commit-
tee, not to be distinguished from the testimony of
any other witness, but to be weighed and acted
upon according to the degree of credence to which
ike witness is entitled. Any other view of the
matter would involve a gross violation of my con-
stitutional right. Was I on trial before that com-
mittee, then, by the terms of the Constitution, I
had the right which neither this House nor the
committeo could take from me, to be confronted
with the witnesses against mc. But, sir, not one
syllable of that evidence was uttered by the
witnesses in my presence, nor was it possible
for me to be present, since I was ignorant that
any proceeding was on foot which could by
possibility affect me in my character or my
rights.
Here, in a secret chamber in the Capitol, wit-
nesses are examined day after day, discharged,
permitted to confer with each other, to return,
and correct and amend their testimony time and
again, to fix an odious and ingnomimous charge
upon a Representative of the people, tending, per-
haps, toaffecthisrights uponthis floor; and yetall
the time ho whose private rights and public duty
are thus vitally concerned is kept in perfect igno-
rance that lie is on trial. Of what avail is it, that
testimony thus taken ex parte and in sec> ft is after-
wards exhibited to the accused party ? Is this
to confront him with the witnesses against him ?
The commoM sense of the country would revolt
at such an assertion.
Who is so blind to the system and operation
of tho common law that ho would not exclaim,
"As well might you produce before a trial jury the
accusation made secretly in the grand jury room,
call it evidence upon his trial, and tell him the
Constitution is satisfied, and he is now confronted
with the witnesses r"
Will any member of this House deny that, if
this testimony is to be used against me, it was of
the utmost importance that I should have been
present at the time and place it was delivered?
Had I not a right to sue and hear the manner and
tone of the witness in giving his evidence. Is
there a lawyer hero or a man who would not say
that,upon a criminal trial, the cross-examination
in nine cases out of ten would prove utterly worth-
less without this advantage? Was it not this,
and like considerations, that led to the incorpora-
tion into the Constitution itself of the peremptory
injunction that the accused shall be confronted
with the witnesses against him? And how con-
fronted? Plainly, in the very act of giving tes-
timony. It is to say, in other woids, I take it,
that nothing shall be used as testimony against
him but that which shall be deliverod in his pres-
ence, or at such time and place as he is notified
to be present.
In no sense, then, can the proceedings before
that committee be called a trial, or be otherwise
designated so as to place me before it in the atti-
tude of a party, but only as a witness. This view
of the case is sustained by the rule of the Manual,
which is the law of the House.
I read from the Manual, page 66, and rule 139,
adopting it:
" When a committee is charged with an inquiry, if a
member prove to be involved, they cannot proceed against
him, but must make a special report to the House; wheic-
upon the member is heard in Ins place, or at the bar, or a 
special authonty is? given to tho committee to inquire con-
cerning him."—9 Grey, p. 523.
" 139. The mles of parliamentary practice, comprised in
Jefferson'-? Manual, shall govern the House in all cases to
which they are applicable, and in which they aie not in-
consistent with the Standing Kules and Orders of the House,
and the Joint Rules of the Senate and House of Represent-
atives."—September 1 o, 1837.
This rule from the Manual is thus adopted by
rule 139, and is as much a part of the rules of
the House as if it was incorporated in the rules
themselves*
" The ease is first to be laid before the HoUse, that it may
judge of the fact and the grounds of the accusation* and
how far the manner of the trial may concern their privi-
lege?," (even in cases of felony.)—Jefferson^ Manual, p. 57.
"Whenever, on any public inquny, matter comes out
that may affect the person of a member, it is the practice
immediately to acquaint the Ilouse, that they may know
the reasons for such proceeding, and take such steps as they
think proper."—Jefferson's Manual, p. 58.
The same rule and practice has been advanced
and sustained by John QLuincy Adams, by Mil-
lard Fillmore* by Mr. Legare, and by many of
the most eminent men of the Republic. But I
now refer to it, simply for the purpose of estab-
lishing that the testimony given by myself &nd that
of Mr. Gilbert, in my case, to which I shall also
appeal, must be taken, riot in ths light of apleavf
not guilty by an accuscd party, but as legal and
competent evidence of witnesses to be received,
and weighed against the testimony with which it
conflicts. To deny this is to convertthe proceed-
ings of the committee into a monstrous incon-
sistency, and a gross constitutional wrong.
On the other hand, if it be admitted, it follows,
from an examination of the testimony, that all j
the material facts alleged by two witnesses affect-
ing me are contradicted by two witnesses; tho
latter being members of this House, not accused
or assailed in respect to any other transaction of
their lives. I am called to represent here a people
of high and sturdy integrity; a people as intelli-
gent as they are honest; a people prompt to
rebuke vice, and to honor virtue. I claim no
favor on this ground, but ask if there be nothing
in this to entitle me to the common credit due the
humblest witness in a court of justice, whosQ
character has never before been assailed ? Sir,
the topic itself is humiliating, but thus much I
felt bound to say.
Mr. Speaker, the position which I now occupy
is one of peculiar embarrassment. The select
committee have presented to this House grave
charges against the honor and reputation of four
of its members. The committee themselves deny
that we have been in any degree on trial before
them, and a trial in one instance before the House
has been demanded, as the right of the party
accused. Sir, that right has been denied; and
a just indignation at such denial would dictate
but one course upon the part of parties thus to
be pronounced upon without trial—that of an
immediate severance of their connection with this
body. But, sir, this House has already, in the
decisive vote by which it has acquitted the mem-
ber implicated by the same witnesses who have
testified against me, branded the testimony of
those witnesses as false; and, sir, still protesting
against tho irregularity and injustice of these pro-
ceedings against me, conscious of my own integ-
rity, I am unwilling to admit, even by the remotest
inforenco,the possibility of guilt, by following the
course of those who have preceded me in resign-
ing my seat in this body, before a verdict shall
be pronounced upon me by the House; and I shall
submit my case upon this ex parte evidence, after
having analyzed as closely as the time allotted me
will permit, the character of that evidence. Con-
fident that the evidence on record against me can
admit of but one construction before a body of
unprejudiced men, anxious only to do justice, I
am ready to submit my case for the decision of
the House.
The first impression which will strike the mind
of any fair and impartial mind upon the perusal
of this testimony is, that it is characterized by a
shuffling and prevaricating spirit, and that the
witnesses contradict themselves repeatedly, and
are in direct and irreconcilable conflict with each
other, with regard to the fundamental facts upon
which the accusation depends. And next, it will
bo remarked, that in so far as they attempt to im-
plicate mc it is in respect to measures in relation
to which it is not pretended, even by these wit-
nesses, that I ever received in point of fact, or at-
tempted to receive, any pecuniary advantage what-
ever. Take their testimony in its strongest light,
and concedc to it the essential of credibility, and
it amounts to an accusation against me of having
used expressions, which the witnesses interpreted
into evidence satisfactory to their minds, with
their foregone conclusions, that I was ready and
willing to be bribed,'or expected to share in some
corrupt arrangement made by others.
I desire that these points may be considered,
viz: that my accusers, thd committee, have no
evidence to show, and no shadow of ground to
allege, that I have ever, in point of faert, givea
any vote for a corrupt consideration, or that I
have ever received, directly or indircctly, by
virtue of my office as a member of this House,
any other advantage or benefit than such as they
and all other members are entitled to receivc by
law; that neither of the witnesses pretends to have
had any corrupt understanding with me in respect
to any action by this House, but that only from
certain language used, which they protend to
give, they inferred and conjectured that some
otherperson had made with me some such corrupt
agreement,or come to such corrupt understanding
—and the committee have been prompt to indorse
the whole story, but have apparently enlarged it
into a charge of actual guilt, when the witnesses
themselves do not charge me with any fact of
corruption, but only with a supposed willingness
to commit such an offense.
It is due to the House, rather than necessary
to the argument, that I should ask attention to
this aspect of the case. You are called upon now
not to pass upon a case of alleged consummated
corruption or bribery, for none such is pre tended,
but upon a matter resting entirely in intention.
I will not stop to consider how far such alleged
intention is the subject of punishment. I make
no such point. But I desire to call attention to
the distinction solely upon the credibility of the
witnesses, and the duty of the House itself for
the just protection of its members. Is it not evi-
dent that if those who may find it advantageous
to get up a charge against members are relieved
from any necessity of furnishing proof of a fact
of actual corruption, it will be a thousandfold
more easy to make, and to prove, such accusa-
tions? Nay, will not the inducement to make
false charges be greatly increased; for, if any
man desire to attack a member of this House be-
cause he has refused to urge a particular claim,
or from any unjustifiable consideration, he will
see that the fact that the member has done nothing
to advance the claim docs not stand in the way of
a charge that he corruptly agreed to advance it
in a private conversation between him and the
accused.
These views seem to me to be entitled to con-
sideration, not only as to the matter now before
the House, but upon general principles necessary
for the protection of every member. But if they
be all disregarded, (important as they are,) it
affects me nothing in the present inquiry. And
for myself, I desire that so far as I am conccrned,
the House will do me the personal justice to be
governed in its conclusions by a careful exam-
ination of the testimony of the witnesses. If testi-
mony taken out of my presence can be regarded,
is at all to be considered, I maintain, as a princi-
ple in an y judicial proceeding, that such testimony
cannot be taken to inculpate any person whatso-
ever, in respect to any offense whatsoever. I do
not desire to avoid investigation into the charges
brought against me; I desire and demand it, and
am willing to be tried upon the accusations brought
against me.
My name is connected with the subject with
which the committee have been charged only by
two witnesses. The arch witness is Sweeney; the
dupe of Sweeney and the other witness is Tnplett.
The whole fabric rests chiefly upon the testimony
of Sweeney. He, by his own evidence, as well
as that of Triplett, was the recipient from Trip-
lett of the right to receive the fund which it is
alleged was to have been participated in by me.
Triplett expressly denies, in his testimony, m
chief, having made any arrangement or come to
any understanding for influencing the vote of any
member of this House. He assumes and sup-
poses such an agreement or understanding was
entered into by Sweeney. lie declared that, so
far as I am concerned, or Mr. Gilbert, he only
inferred from the interest manifested in the suc-
cess of the project, in conversation with him, and
from what Sweeney had told him doubtless, that
Sweeney had entered into some corrupt engage-
ment with Mr. Gilbert, and that I had an under-
standing with Mr. Gilbert. So that it all comcs
back to Sweeney.
That Sweeney received from Mr. Triplett an
order for a portion of the expected fund cannot
be doubted; that he represented to Triplett that
