1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
949
it was pledged or agreed to be used among mem-
bers cannot more be doubted. That he repre-
sented to Triplett that Mr. Gilbert had either
agreed to participate in that fund orto distribute it
among members, seems equally clear. Of all this
Triplett expressly denies any personal knowl-
edge. It all falls back upon Sweeney, and de-
pends upon his credibility entirely when consid-
ered independent of the testimony to rebut it.
Now, the foundation of thewhole matter is proven
to be utterly rotten and false. The testimony of
six witnesses, who have long known him, place
him in the category of a discredited witness.
Men of high character and disinterested, on their
oaths, say, that from his general reputation they
would not believe him on his oath.
Independent of the contradictions that are ir-
reconcilable in the testimony of Sweeney, is it
not enough that it is so discredited to make it
the duty of the House, a duty to itself and to the
country, as well as to the particular members
charged, to refuse to take action upon such testi-
mony. But more than this: you have the posi-
tive testimony of the member from New York,
[Mr. Gilbert,] unqualifiedly denying any such
anangement or understanding as is imputed to
him; and if there was none with him, it follows
from necessity there was none with me, since the
only pretense is that mine was subsidiary to his,
and made with him. But if this is all disregarded,
■will any man fail to perceive who reads the evi-
dence of Sweeney and Triplett, in the body of
the testimony, its own refutation?
Take the witness Sweeney first, discredited by
testimony proving him unworthy of belief. The
fourth question was, " Do you know of your own
knowledge, of any attempt of any member of
Congress to obtain compensation for votes given,
or to be given, upon any measure now pending,
or that has been pending during the present Con-
gress?" A question most distinct and searching,
and that called directly for his admission or
denial of his personal knowledge in the matter
under investigation, and extending to any over-
ture or act, or declaration of any sort whatever,
by any member of Congress, implying a willing-
ness to make a corrupt agreement for his vote.
The witness must have so understood it, and was
under oath to make full and perfect answers to
all questions put to him, according to his knowl-
edge. He shows by his answer he fully compre-
hended the question. He says: " I know it from
hearsay." This is his whole answer. What
does it necessarily mean ? It shows he understood
the question to call for personal knowledge only,
and that he understands the difference between
personal knowledge and hearsay. And when he
answers that he knows it from hearsay, it is un-
deniably, in the view of God and man, a denial
that lie knew it of his own personal knowledge;
and an assertion that he knows it from hearsay
only. And, yet in answer to the nextquestion, he
asserts, " Iknowacaseofmyown knowledge."
There is no pretense of forgetfulness, or of
having his memory refreshed. It is the imme-
diate and bold repetition of the same question,
"which his answer already given demonstrates
was fully comprehended by him. ^ If a witness
willfully suppresses the truth, or gives an answer
■which, though literally true, is calculated and
intended to convey a false idea of the fact, he is
willfully giving false testimony, and no moralist
or lawyer will deny that such a one is a corrupt
and perjured witness.
True, an unwiUUig witness, notwithstanding his
previous suppression of the truth, or his equivo-
cation when plied and pressed with questions
tending to establish the fact, nevertheless, at last
may have the truth reluctantly extracted from him;
but can any man place the witness, Sweeney, in
that cateffory ? What pretense is there tliat he is
an unwilling witness ? Is it not evident that he is
a mere volunteer?
It is equally notorious, upo*n the proceedings
before the committee itself, that he has been ac-
tively engaged as a sort of prosecutor in the busi-
ness of drumming up witnesses as to whatsoever
insignificant facts might appear to give color to
the accusation. Nay, is it not most manifest, as
will presently be more specially brought to the
notice of the House, that, while affecting great
reluctance to declare the pretended facts, he con-
tinually, throughout his examination, is most
studious and adroit to urge the putting of further
questions, even to the extent of plainly telling the
committee that he knows what they desire to
draw from him, and that he wishes only to have
the questions put into a little different shape, so as
to give his evidence the appearance of being actu-
ally wrung from him by force of law. He then
proceeds, in answer to the seventh question, to
say:
" I know of a case in which a member agreed to get a
bill or project through the House for a certain amount of
money."
It appears clearly from his evidence that the
member was Mr. Gilbert; that the bill, or pro-
ject, was for the purchase of Triplett's book;
and yet he afterwards distinctly avers that he
never made any such arrangement with Mr. Gil-
bert, or was cognizant of it; and Triplett makes
a similar denial. He bases his whole testimony
upon a paper which appears to have been exe-
cuted by Triplett to him, directing the sum of
$14,500 to be paid to him (Sweeney) out of the
expected appropriation. He says, in answer to
the twelfth question: " I hold a writing given me
by Mr. Triplett for a certain sum of money; but
there was some misunderstanding, as I under-
stood, as to whom the money was to be paid."
The writing itself purports to interest no other
person but Sweeney, and was obtained by his
solicitation. It is confirmative of the charge
against me only so far as it would be confirma-
tive of a charge against any other member of this
House whom Sweeney might have named before
the committee. I put it to the members of that
committee if, when Sweeney was called upon to
name the member referred to, he had named one of
them, they would have been prompt to admit that
this paper—in which only Sweeney himself was
named—was proof against the member he might
have indicated. Certainly, if it is confirmatory
proof against me, it would have been equally so
against any other member of the House, and this
shows it is no confirmation at all, because it is
equally proof against any member of the House,
as it is against other members, and therefore it is
no proof against any member in particular.
The witness Sweeney proceeds forth with, with-
eut any appearance of reluctance whatever, to
state (see page 56 in report) that the contract was
entered into in his presence between the author
of the work; and yet Triplett, the author referred
to, denies that he made any contract whatever.
He states, at page 68, that he gave the writing
upon Sweeney's representation; at page 69 he
says, "The truth is that Mr. Sweeney came to
me originally upon the subject; he knew all about
the matter from the first. I supposed that he was
a friend of this party, and that if I paid him, it
would be satisfactory to the party." And again,
he says, (same page,) " I told him (Sweeney)
that I was very glad to be relieved from the po-
sition of having any contract with a member of
Congress on the subject." Nowhere the wit-
nesses, upon their first examinations the same day,
are at variance with each other. According to
Triplett it was the very case of a trick and fraud
at which the committee, in their general report,
are so profuse of expressions of just indignation:
"The business of vote-brokerage can be reached only by
exposing the cheat. When people are informed by the 10-
port of tills investigation, and more authoritatively by a vote
of the House, that these lobby agents, who boast their power
over the votes of members, have no vote that they can in-
fluence, and are cheating the claimant by libeling the Con-
gress, their business will be gone. Even the corrupt men
who are wdhns to pay a bribe, if there be any one who will
receive it, will no longer pay large sains to lobby agents to
be expended at their discretion: for they will learn that
thev have been cheated by their accomplices, and that
honor among thieves lias ceased to bo a principle observed."
Here, when the question is as to the wholesale
charges of corruption before referred to, and
which come home equally to the committee as to
other members, they are prompt to comprehend,
expose, and denounce as a cheat, commonly prac-
ticed, " the business of vote brokerage." They
understand that it is exceedingly common for
persons like Sweeney, bent on illicit gains, to
represent to the duped and despairing applicants
before the House, that if certain sums are placed
at their disposal, they can control the votes of
members of this House by bribery. Now, if this
corrupt agent, having already poisoned the mind
of Mr. Triplett, can' contrive to bring about an
interview with the member from Now York,
telling the claimant that the member desires it for
1 the purpose of a corrupt bargain, it is not diffi-
cult to see that the conversation can be so directed
as to produce the impression on the mind of the
deceived claimant confirmatory of his represent-
ations. The member, having no such thing in
his mind, never perceives the false and sinister
interpretation which may be put upon expres-
sions of interest in the claimant's success, but
which are actually induced by a sense of public
duty, founded upon the claimant's right.
If, at a previous session, Sweeney had con-
ceived the plot by which he expected to realize
$14,500, how easy would it have been for him
to have made the effort to victimize the honor-
able member from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr;]
for when Mr. Orr questions Triplett, he replies,
at once, as if Mr. Orr were familiar with the
case. He says: " I refer to that book matter of
mine;" and, further on, he says, (p. G7:) " It is
within your recollection that, three or four years
ago, I told you the circumstances at the time I
came to you, and made a statement upon which
you voted for the resolution to purchase my
book." Now, if Sweeney had fixed upon the
honorable member from South Carolina the same
artful proceedings, he might have blasted his high
and honorable name. Prom the general report
of the committee, I infer, as a fact established to
their satisfaction, that at this moment there are
orders, similar to Sweeney's, in the hands of vote
brokers, who have procured them from claimants
by similar contrivances; and who knows what
members of this House may, by these agents,
have been indicated to their dupes as the parties
for whose benefit such assignments are held ?
If the bill passes, they convcrt to their own use
the amount assigned. The claimant is brought
into communication with the member by the
agent, and the member expresses his belief m the
justice of the claim, and perhaps takes an active
part in supporting it. The proof is conclusive to
his mind, and trifles light as air are to him «' con-
firmation strong as proofs of Holy Writ."
So much for the examination of Sweeney and
Triplett on the same day with respect to the con-
tract with Mr. Gilbert. I am examining the
proof of that contract; for, although there might
be proof of a contract with Mr. Gilbert, and yet
no proof of any arrangement with me, still it is
clear, upon the whole case viewed in every possi-
ble aspect, that if there was no contract with Mr.
Gilbert, it follows there could have been no un-
derstanding between myself and Mr. Gilbert in
relation to it. The latter is the incident; and if
the principal matter is not established, there can
be no pretense that the alleged incident to it is
proven, or is possible.
Now, sir, hear what the committee say about
the testimony of Sweeney, on whom the whole
matter depends. At page 9 of the report, the ex-
traordinary avowal is made that " it is quite ap-
parent" that "this witness is vindictive, and not
over-scrupulous in his measures of revenge."
This is what is " quite apparent to the judges" on
the examination of the witness; and yet they be-
lieve him, notwithstanding, also, that respectable
persons have testified that, from his general rep-
utation, they would not believe him on his oath—
a double discrediting of the witness, first, by his
own examination, making it apparent that lie is
not over-scrupulous in his measures of revenge;
and secondly, that his character is bad, and that
he could not be believed on his oath.
Now, by what reasons do the committee dis-
cover this result? "The two witnesses were
examined on the same day, (it is stated in the re-
port,) in immediate succession, and without the
chance of consultation." This is a mostimport-
ant fact, if true. The committee, by thus prom-
inently setting it forth, show that they find it to
be so. They impliedly admit (what any man of
common sense must admit) that if they had the
chance of consultation, then, from the _intrinsic
character of the evidence, and the positive dis-
crediting: of Sweeney, it must follow it cannot be
relied on. And yet upon what ground do the
| committee assume the fact ? When were the
i witnesses summoned ? What conversations had
! they prior to the first time Sweeney appeared before
i the committee"? How did the committee happen
to find Sweeney awd Triplett, and have them both
brought before them on the same day, and as to
this very same allegation i Is it not evident that
the committee have assumed this most important
fact, not only without proof, but in the face of
