1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
951
name, under circumrtances entirely consistent
with my innocence.
5. That the committee itself evidently scout the
idea of finding a charge of this kind upon the tes-
timony of a "vote broker;" and pronounce the
■whole of this traffic, in bulk, to be a mere cheat
upon claimants. And yet, upon precisely the same
testimony pronounced by them so worthless, they
propose to convict me.
6. That the whole charge is explicitly denied on
oath, by two members of the House, unimpeached
except in respect of the very transaction in issue.
7. That the whole charge as to the " book mat-
ter," (the only one worthy of any notice from me,)
involves not one single fact of action by the mem-
ber charged—not even the proposing of a reso-
lution.
8. That it is evident that the witness Sweeney,
on whose impeached and discredited character
the whole rests, was not a reluctant witness, (as
is assumed by the committee,) but was a volun-
teer witness throughout, and so far from desiring
to escape examination, did in fact repeatedly urge
the committee to put the questions to him, thereby
showing his pains in attempting to appear with
the advantage of a reluctant witness, while all
the time he was, in fact, a swift witness; and X
desire to put prominently here the proof of this,
in closing what I have to say about the corrobo-
ration of'Sweeney, as simply an artful witness.
On page 61, he says: " You gentlemen have
certain information in your possession, that, if
your questions were propounded differently,
might be drawn out." " What I know, if the
question bo propounded so that I cannot avoid
answering directly, 1 will answer, however reluc-
tantly, if it do not strike too deep." A most ab-
surd idea, indeed, of a reluctant witness. He
says, all the time " proceed—I only want a pre-
tense of reluctance. But more—it is the shame-
less avowal by a witness that he will measure his
testimony by his own interests—the truth will
not come, he says, " if it strike too deep."
Again, at page 62:
"By Mr. Ritchie.—My question is pimply this : whether
you know of any instance m which money or any valuable
consideration whatever waa to be paid to or passed to a per-
son named l>y the member, other than himself, for any pur-
pose whatever on which his action in committee was to
depend:
" Witness I do not know any member who was to
receive such a consideration.
" By Mr. Ritchie I do not speak of the member, but of
the person named by him.
" Witness I never knew of an agreement in which a
member was to receive for himself, or anybody else, any
money or other valuable consideration for reporting a bill
to the Iiouse.
" By Mr. Ritchie.—Do yon know of any case in wluch
money, or any other valuable consideration, was to be
passed to anyothei person than tile member?
" Witness—1 do not know of any case in which money,
or any other valuable consideration, did so pass. I answer
the question just as it was asked.
"By Mr. Davis.—Do you know of any attempt to influ-
ence the opinion of any member in reporting a bill by any
other consideration but his public duly?
" Witness.—Only bv heaisav.
" By Mr. Davis.—That is, not from the member himself ?
" Witness.—No, sir; the question has not yet been asked
to bring out from me what I suppose the committee want
to know.
" By Mr. Davis.— The question certainly covers every-
thing,^every particular circumstance that you may know;
and if you know any suck facts, it is your duty to state
them.
" Witness.—So far as my statement goes, it gives the en-
tire truth; but, in my answers, I shall avoid opening any
new subject; unless the question is so propounded as to com-
pel me to cumulate some one, I shall not do it voluntarily.
I know the points the committee are driving at, but as 1
understand the questions, my answers are correct.
" By Mr. Orr—I think you put yourself in an aw kward
position by the course you aie taking, especially when you
say von know what we are driving at.
" Witness.—I did not mean to be understood to say that.
X meant to say that information may have been given to you
that may not be direct with me."
Here the witness plainly,upon the record, im-
mediately turns his back upon what he has first
said; and proceeding upon the proneness of the
committee to believe the charge, he offers a most
flimsy qualification of his testimony, and so
throughout.
Mr. Speaker, I am wearied with these disgust-
ing details. If what I have stated be not saln-
cient to put the House upon the great highway
of truth, at least I am satisfied that the honest
body of the people, their masters and mine, will
see the truth, and will determine rightly whether
I be guilty, or whether a timid, aiycious, nervous
apprehension of my being implicated in a gross
and unfounded ch'arge has not insensibly driven j
the committee to take the place of prosecutors, i
when, if they were real judges or jurymen, they
would treat as utterly worthless all that has been
alleged against me.
I am ready, sir, to meet the committee, and
even the House itself, before my country, where
it appears the issue is really to be tried. And let
me say in conclusion, that, sincerely believing that
the testimony of Sweeney and Triplett (which, if
it establishes aught, proves that all the House,
or a majority of it, stinks in the nostrils of the
people) is utterly unworthy of credit; and know-
ing that it is false as to myself, I count upon that
result which is to be cxpccted from an upright
tribunal, not to be moved by the fear of being
itself impeached of corruption, because it does not
go to false and unreasonable extremes for the
purpose of sustaining the accusations made be-
fore it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, called the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. RUFF1N. There are many gentlemen
absent who desire to vote on this question, and I
therefore move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question now being upon Mr. Smith's
substitute for the resolutions reported by the com-
mittee,
Mr. H. MARSHALL called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 119, nays 43; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Alters, Albright, Ball, Baibour, Henry
Bennett. Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss,
Biadsbaw, Brenton, Brooin, ButTinton, Butimgaine, Cad-
walader, James H. Campbell, LcamsD. Campbell,Cllaffee,
ilonrv M. fuller, Galloway, Giangei, Robert B. Hall,
Ilailan, J. Morrison Harris, Herbert, Hodges, Holloway,
Thomas K. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Hughs-
ton, Kelly, ICelsey, Kins, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Kunkel, Leiter, Lcteller, Lindley, Alexander K. Marshall,
Humphrey Marshall, Mccarty, Killian Miller, Millson, Mill-
ward, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Nor-
ton, Paine, Parker, Peek, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit,
Pike, Porter, Prmgie, Purvianee, llobbms, Robeits, Sabin,
Sai*e,Sandidge, Sapp, Scott, Seward, Sherman, Simmons,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William It. Smith, Spin-
ner, Stanton, Stianaiian, Tapp;(n, Tbormgton, Thurston,
Todd, Trafton, Underwood, Wade, Wakeinan, Walciron,
Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Watson, Wells, Williams, Wood, Woodruff,
and Woodworm—119.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Hendley S. Bennett, Bowie, Bur-
nett, John P. Campbell, Caiutbers,C'askic, Williamson E.
W Cobb, Cox, Crawfoid, Onllen. Henry Winter Davis,
Dowdell, Dunn, Ktlmundson, Elliott, Florence, Foslei,
Goode, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L.
Harris, Haven, Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, George W .
Jones, Kitlvvell, Lake, Lumpkin, McQueen, Orr, Packoi,
Eeade, Ready, Ricaud, Ruffin, Shorter, Stewait, Walker,
Warner, and Wlleelei—
So the substitute was agreed to.
Pending the call,
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, stated that Mr.
Damrell had paired off with Mr. Savage upon
this question.
Mr. THORINGTON stated that Mr. Wal-
bridgf. had paired off with Mr. Taylor.
Mr. SyANTON moved that the vote by which
the substitute was agreed to be reconsidered; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The resolution as amended was then agreed to.
Mr. STANTON moved that the vote by which
the resolution was agreed to be reconsidered; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER moved that the House ad-
journ; and called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Savage and
GrALLOtVAY were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 58, noes 72.
Mr. RUFFJN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CIJMBACK. I would suggest that the
gentleman whose case next comes up is not at all
anxious to press it to-night against the desire of
the House, and therefore there can be no objec-
tion to adjourning.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Oluo. Still the gentle-
man from New York is willing that his case
should go on to-night, and the public business
requires that it should go on. The Senate was
in session until two o'clock this morning.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The call for tbe
yeas and nays can be withdrawn by general con-
sent.
Mr. RUFFIN. I object to it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Virginia can withdraw the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. LETCHER. I decline to withdraw it.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allen, Allison, Hendley S. Bennett,
Bliss, Bowie, Brenton, Bloom, Burnett, Cadwalader,
Carutheis, Caskie, Bayard Clarke, Williamson R. VV.
Cobb, Comins, Cox, Crawford, Cullen, Cumback, Day,
Denver, Dowdell, Dunn, Elliott, Etheridge, Flagler, Flor-
ence, Foster, Goode, Augustus Hall, Robert B. Hall, Har-
lan, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Hams, Haven, Her-
bert, Houston, Jewett, Geoigc W. Jones, Kelsey, Kidwoll,
Knox, Kunkel, Lake, Letcher, Lmdley, Lumpkin, Hum-
phrey Marshall, McMullin, Me&ucen, Killian Miller, Mill-
son, Moore, Morrill, Mott, Nichols, Orr, Packer, Paine,
Peck, Pnngle, Reado, Ready, llobbms, Roberts, Rulhli,
Sabm, Sage, Sandidge, Scott, Seward, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, William It. Smith, Stauton, Tappan,
Thurston, Wade, Waldron, Walker, Warnei, Cadwalader
C. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wheeler, Wroud, and
Zollicoffer— 85.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Ball, Barbour, Henry Bennett,
Benson, Bingham, Bishop, Bnidsliaw, Buffmton, Burhll-
game, James II. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, CbalTec,
Ezra Clink, Clawson, CotSix, Covode, Ciagin, Henry
Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Dean, Be Witt, Dickson,
Dodd, Dai fee, Galloway, Giangcr, J. Morlison Harris,
Hodges, Hoffman, Holloway,Thomas R. Horton, Valentine
B. Horton, Howard, Hughston, King, Knapp, Knight,
Leiter, McCaity, Millwaid, Morgan, Munay, Noiton,
Paikei, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Ricaud, Sapp,
Sherman, Spmner, Stewart, Stranahan.Thonngton, Todd,
Wakeinan, Ellihu B. Washburne, Watson, Wells, and
Woodworth—62
So the motion was agreed to.
;l And thereupon (at half past nine o'clock, p.
, m.,) the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 28, 1857.
The House met at eleven o 'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickin-s, its Secretary, notifying the_House
that the Senate had passed a bill (H. R. No. 63G)
making appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department during the fiscal year ending
June 30,1858, with amendments; in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
Mr. SAVAGE. I ask leave to take from the
Speaker's table bill No. 529, in relation to the old
soldiers of 1812.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The report of the select
committee is first in order.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills,reported as truly enrolled the follow-
ing bills and joint resolutions; when the Speaker
signed the same: .
An act for the relief of Samuel S. Haight;
An act for the relief of Collins Boomer;
An act for the relief of John Huff, of Texas;
An act for the relief of Henry T. Mudd, of
Missouri;
An act for the relief of William Kendall:
An act for the relief of Jacques Godfroy;
An act for the relief of John L. Vattier;
Ail act for the relief of C. B. R. Kennedy;
An act for the relief of Mary Ann Clark;
An act for the relief of Richard Phillips;
An act for the relief of John C. McConnell;
An act for the relief of Thomas B. Steele,
assistant surgeon of the Navy of the united States;
An act for the benefit of Anthony Devil, late
a sergeant in the third artillery of the United
States Army; T ,
An act to reiinhnrse the estate of Joseph JNac-
Clure, a paymaster in the war of 1^12:
An act for the relief of George i. Baltzell, as-
, signee of James P. Roan;
I act for the relief of Jesse Morrison, of lili-
! nois;
An act for the relief of Benjamin B. Gantt;
