1-857.
approach to converse. " 1 come, sir," says he, " to
converse with you about a certain bill. I am in-
terested in it as an agent for the persons named in
the bill." " Be seated, sir," 1 reply;" that being
the case, I can properly hear you." While we
are engaged another comes in and engages m the
conversation, or my friend being in the room,
engages also in the advocacy of the man's claim
without disclosing any interest he has as principal
oragent—indeed, having no interest to disclose—
I am to say to him, (am I?) that he renders him-
self thereby a fit subject for the prison.
Mr. KUNKEL. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. KUNKEL. I should like to know when
a constituent of a member of Congress writes to,
him, in relation to a bill pending before Congress,
without stating his connection with it, whether
he would not come within the purview of this bill ?
It says: "converse with," or "approach," or
" in any other way," 
Mr. H. MARSHALL. "Or in any manner
attempt to influence."
Mr. KUNKEL. Yes, sir. There is not a
constituent at home, who writes here, urging
upon his member to support, or resist a particular
measure, without disclosing more, who is not
subject to be punched under the second section.
Mr. LINDLEY. Mr. Speaker, I wish to ask
the gentleman a question, and get his opinion on
one point involved in this law. It is this. The
decision of the Court of Claims is not final, but
claims allowed by it must be approved by Con-
gress. Is not that court, then, a quasi committee ?
Again: the success of a claim before that court
will much influence its passage by Congress. In
either view will not this law prohibit an attorney
to advocate a claim before that court for pay ?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. The questions of my
friends will be answered by the verbiage of the
bill. The second section requires every person
who approaches, or in any way seeks to influ-
ence, a member of Congress in relation to any
matter pending before Congress, to approach
guardedly, anato proclaim as he comes whether
he is disinterested or not. If he says he is disin-
terested in what he is about to observe, then I am
at some loss to know whether he has a right to
proceed or not; but if he says he is interested, he
®must say whether as principal or agent, whether
as a lawyer or attorney, or in what capacity; and
until that point is settled he has no right to pro-
ceed, and it would be improper for the member
to hear. Should he inform the member falsely
that he has no interest, when in fact he has an
interest in seeking to influence his opinion touch-
ing the measure on which he proposes to con-
verse, I suppose the member may then with pro-
priety hear him, though the man would in such
case be liable to fine and imprisonment, provided
the member finds out he had an interest. The great
object of this enactment is to make the citizen
who approaches a member of Congress disclose
the capacity in which he presents himself when
he attempts to talk to lnm about business before
Congress. When he has done that he may talk,
but not before. It will not only be a breach of
etiquette, but a high misdemeanor for which he
may be sent to prison. It is a new branch of
privilege to be secured by law.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Does not an attorney have
to disclose, in your courts the interest he has when
he appears in the courts lor a litigant?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. But in my country
there is no law to put him in the prison should ;
he fail to state the fact when he "approaches" i
the court to address himself to the cause. The
attorney marks himself on the docket sometimes
and sometimes he does not. I am not aware that
he runs the risk of fine or imprisonment by an
omission to do so.
I was about observing, when interrupted, that
if there is any necessity for such a law as this,
this bill does not meet it. The quantum of in-
terest need not be disclosed—the kind of interest,
whether pccuniaiy or patriotic merely, need not
be disclosed. A man sometimes approaches as
amicus patriae, and wants to confer about a great
public measure. Must he begin, sir, with a
preliminary declaration of his patriotic purposes
and of the absence of all selfish motive? Of all
eases in which the member is most likely to be
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
egregiously duped, those are the cases in which
the persons pretend to be animated only by patri-
otic considerations. Here comes a proposition to
connect two continents by a telegraphic wire—a
most striking and novel proposition—and consid-
erations are stated which make the heart throb
with quickened pulsation—all for philanthropy 
and nobody has any selfish aim in it. How is
the advocate to disclose his interest in such a case,
in order to approach the member.1' How much
wiser will the member be after he has disclosed
his interest?
It must be palpable that, if there is any use
for legal enactments to guard the points sug-
gested by this act, the select committee have not
produced such a bill as should go upon the stat-
ute-book. It has no provisions that are not most
easy of evasion, while its penal sanctions may be
perverted to the oppression of the people. Still,
sir, this House has passed that bill to a law, so
far as this House can exert the power to make a
law. I do hope the House will retrace its steps.
In the name of common sense, what docs the
country want with any law on such a subject as
this; or, if such a law is desirable, what do you
want with such a law as this? What difference
does it make to me in what capacity a man
approaches me when he comes to converse with
me about a measure pending before Congress ?
Does not every gentleman act upon his own
judgment in voting upon pending questions ? Are
we not to vote under the solemnity of an oath?
And if that will not bind us, do you imagine a
statute will bind us ? Who here wants a guardian
to prevent him fiom being imposed on by the ad-
vocacy or resistance he may hear touching meas-
ures pending before Congress ? Does not every
man here investigate proof, and hear all the argu-
ment, before he decides upon a proposition ? We
should pass a law that the testimony should be
all true that we sec, and should know that the
witness is always disinterested and above suspi-
cion, else we may be deceived.
Mr. Speaker, 1 am not the more favorablyim-
pressed with this law because of the circumstances
which suggested it. I do not like to pass laws
unnecessarily, nor to pass them in a hurry, or
under the influence of popular clamor. This Hall
should be the theater for calm deliberation, and
when the voice of Congress is heard proclaiming
a law to the people, our course should afford a
guarantee to our constituents that the law has been
called for by some public necessity, and is founded
on some policy that has been maturely considered.
If a law is desiiable to prevent Congress from
being troubled with agents and a lobby influence,
pass a law and enforce it, to keep all such people
outside of these Halls. Pass a law that such per-
sons shall not enter the Capitol, if necessary; but
do not seek to interfere with the people in their
intercourse with each other in the country. They
will not stand it. Men who are sent here surely
should not be afraid of whatever conversation
they think proper to indulge in; and do not want
a law to keep them from being troubled by im-
proper or selfish advances to their confidence. I
am sure the people demand no such law.
The gentleman who called up this bill said, if I
remember correctly, that the committee did not
expect it to become a law tins session—that it
was only a beginning of legislation the commit-
tee desired to see carried out. I understood that
this bill was put up to be looked at, not to be
enacted. It has not assumed its shape, yet, Mr.
Speaker; it is not "half made up" — and the
House has been precipitate in uiging it through
the forms of legislation. The country will give
us no credit for such an enactment, and I should
say, as I do herewith pleasure, I do not hold the
select committee, or the member from Maryland,
[Mr. Davis,] exactly responsible for the bill; for
its friends presented it to the House with the qual-
ification that they did not expect it to be now con-
sidered, and did not choose to urge it as entirely
matured; while the chairman, [Mr. Kelsey,] this
morning said distinctly that the measiue was in
no condition to be passed. It commanded, how-
ever, a hasty vote, and I hope the House will
feel the propriety of retracing its march, and of
defeating the bill. I will not detain the House
any longer from the vote.
Mr. QUITMAN. I would not detain the
House for a moment at this late period of the
session,but that 1 conwderthat theie is no meas-
ure of greater importance which can be brought
before this House than that which involves the
liberties and rights of the citizens of the United
States.
This is the second bill of a general nature that
has come from this committee; and—I speak it
with no disrespect to the committee—both seem
to me to present to this House strange and ex-
traordinary legislation. The first bill, which
passed some days since, provided for unusual pen-
alties against witnesses, and changed the great
rules of evidence which have long prevailed in
courts of justice. I do not hesitate to say, that
whenever the severe provisions of that bill shall
be attempted to be carried into operation, it will
meet with the fate of the alien and sedition laws"
of 1707.
This bill is of a similar character. It comes
before the House under a state of excitement not
favorable to prudent legislation. Some may be
influenced by just indignation at the improper
interference of lobby membeisand claim agents;
and I fear there are some who are not entirely
free from the apprehension that by opposing this
bill they may be considered by the country as not
entertaining a sufficiently virtuous indignation
against corruption in the Halls of Congress. For
myself, I am ready to stand up against public
clamor, and do what is right; because I do not
fear that any of my countrymen will suspect me
of countenancing, in any shape, corruption, or
attempting to screen those who may contemplate
any undue influence on the action of members of
Congress. Had the committee introduced a bill
which, in my judgment, would stiike at corrup-
tion or improper influences upon members of
Congress, I would not have said a word, or sti ug-
gled as I have done to get the mature consider-
ation of this House upon the provisions of this
bill.
But, sir, does this bill propose to prevent merely
corrupt influence upon members of Congress?
JNo, sir, the bill goes further, and proposes to
suppress and punish by fine and imprisonment
attempts to influence the legislation of Congress,
when the exercise of such influence may be per-
fectly right and proper. This, in my opinion,
conflicts with rights which are securcd by the
Constitution of the United Sfntes to every man
—the right to influence the legislation of the Con-
gress of the United States both upon public and
private bills. Is not every citizen of our country
entitled, not only to make his views known upon
every measure which may be before Congress,
but to come here and use every pioper influence
he may possess, by argument or otherwise, to
carry or defeat any measure which may be before
us for consideration ? Especially is he authorized
to use that influence to affect the action of his
representatives in Congress. When a person ap-
proaches me to advocate a measure of private or
public interest, it matters not to me whether he
be induced so to do by public or private interest.
I have nothing to do with his motives. His rea-
sons and his arguments arc not weakened or
strengthened by his interest. There may be
sometimes occasions in the investigation of private
claims to employ an attorney. The claimant may
not have the time or ability to make the investi-
gations and present his claim properly, and law-
yers are not in the habit of performing such ser-
vices without compensation.
Mr. Speaker, in the indulgence of our virtuous
indignation against claim agents, I fear that we
forget who we are. We are simply the repiesent-
atives of the people; and every man in the United
States has the right to come here and address
proper arguments, and use all proper influences
to every member of Congress, to secure the pas-
sage, or to defeat any bill before Congress. In-
deed, it is his duty to do so, if he thinks that he
can thereby promote public interests, or private
justice. Why, Mr. Speaker, if we are to be cut
btT from usina: the agency of attorneys who are
acquainted with the rules and practices of the
legislation uf Congress, we debar the ignorant
and unenlightened who are unacquainted with the
business of the Departments, now exceedingly
complicated, from using the services of the skill-
ful agents they may find here, to attend to their
business. The law does not say influences used
" corruptly" and "improperly." No, sir, but
it includes influences presented honestly. We
are called upon to deprive citizens of the light
