1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
957
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I will withdraw
the call for that purpose.
Mr. BOCOCK. I proposed, before the vote was
originally taken upon this bill, that the vote should
be taken separately upon each of the two sections,
which was prevented by the objection of the gen-
tleman from New York. I did it for the reason
that I thought a majority of the House might
think one section objectionable, and the other not
objectionable. The division of the question was
not made in consequence of the objection of the
gentleman from New York; and I voted against
the whole. I now desire that the gentleman from
Maryland will allow tke question to be divided,
so that a separate vote may be had upon the last
section of the bill.
Suppose, sir, the bill should pass, and a revo-
lutionary soldier from my district, ignorant of
the law, writes me a letter giving reasons why a
bill pending before Congress ought to pass, with-
out disclosing the fact that he is interested in the
bill, would not he subject himself to the penal-
ties of this bill? Or, to state the question more
directly, suppose a man gets an attorney in my
district, 01* m the district of the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] to send a petition, stating
reasons why a certain bill before Congress ought
to pass, and he incloses the petition in a letter to
me, in which he neglects to state that he is^ per-
sonally interested in the bill, would he not incur
the penalties of this bill? Sir, docs the right of
petition extend to public matters alone ? Docs it
not also extend to private grievances? Has not
a man the right to petition for the redress of his
private grievances, as well as for the redress of
public grievances? And because he does so peti-
tion, and does not happen to disclose the fact of
his personal interest, is he to be stricken down
by this bill ? I submit that the provisions of this
second section strike down the rights of the cit-
izen.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. All the law re-
quires is that the party shall know the law of the
land—and it is the common law presumption that
every man knows the law of the land—and obey
it, and that if,he does not he shall be punished.
With reference \0 the other point as to the Con-
stitution, that unquestionably secures the right of
petition. The sending of a petition is an absolute
paramount right which everybody has. That has
no sort of relation to this bill. I call for the ques-
tion on the motion to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
Mr. KUNKEL. I wish to make an inquiry.
Do I understand the gentlemen who were mem-
bers of the select committee, and who advocate
this bill, to say that if a constituent write to a
member asking his favorable consideration of any
measure pending before Congress, any public or
private measure, without disclosing more, he is
subject to the pains and penalties of this bill?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. If he have a per-
sonal pecuniary interest in the measure, as, for
instance, granting him land or money, and he do
not disclose it, he is guilty of a frauds and the law-
punishes him. If he have no personal interest in
the measure, the law has no application to him.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. If the motion to
reconsider be agreed to, then it will be in order
to move to commit the bill to the Committee on
the Judiciary?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. How can it go
there when it has been ordered to be engrossed?
The SPEAKER. When it is referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary what has passed in
the House is of 110 avail, and it becomes a new
question. It is the practice of this House, and,
as the Chair believes, of every other deliberative
assembly.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided m
the negative—yeas 57, nays 128:
YE \S~ Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Hendley S. Bennett,
Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell,Cailiie,Caruiheis,
Chrigmun, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Crawtord, Henry
Winter Davids, Day, Dunn, Edmundson, Llhott, Lmne,
Faulkner, Floience, Foster, Greenwood, Augustus Hall.
Sampson W. Harris, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones,
Kidwell, Letcher, Lumpkin, Maxwell, McQueen, Killian
Miller, Smith Miller, Morrison, Orr, Packer, Paine, leek,
Reade, Ready, Ruffin, Scott, Seward, Samuel A. Smith,
William R. Smith. Spinner, Talbott, Taylor, Valk, Wade,
Warner, Watkins, Wheeler, Williams, Wood, and Zolli-
coffer—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Ball, Barbour, Barclay, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bishop, Bliss, Bocock,
Bowie, Boyce, Bradshaw, Branch, Brenton, Buflinton,
Burlingamo, James II. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Caskie, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, dawson,
Colfax, Comins, Covode, Ciagm, Craige, Damrell, David-
son, Jacob C. Davis, Timothy Davis, Dean, De Witt, Dick,
Dickson, Dodd, Dowdell, Durfee, Edie, English, Etheridge,
Eustis, Evaiib, Flagler, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D
Fuller, Galloway, (?arnptr,Goode. Granger, Robert B. ITali,
Harlan, J. Mornson Hams, Harrison, Haven, Hoibcrt,
Hodges, Holioway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine. B. Hor-
ton, Howard, Ilughston, Kent, Kelly, ICennett, King,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel,Letter,Lindley,
Mace, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Mart-hall, McCartv,
McMullin, Million, Miliward, Mooie, Moigan, Momll,
Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pen-
nington, Pettit, Pike, Powell, Pnngle, Quitman, I-Ueaud,
Bobbins, Roberts, Robison, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Savage,
Sherman, Shorter, Simmons, Stanton, Stewart, Swope,
Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Tiafton, Under-
wood, Vail, Walbiidge, Waldron, Walker, Cadwalader C.
Washbume, Elhhu B. Washburne, Waison, Wells, Whit-
ney, Wirislow, Woodruff, and Woodworih—128.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Pending the above call,
Mr. WALKER stated that if he had been
present when his name was called, he would have
voted in the negative.
Mr. ORR called for the previous question on
the motion to reconsider.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
motion to rcconsider upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not now in
order; but will be in order after the main ques-
tion has been ordered.
The main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. READY. I move that the bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee on the Judicary.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
bill be laid upon the table.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
LEAVE TO PRTNT A SPEECH.
Mr. "WELCH. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to publish some remarks
on the report of the select committee on my case,
which, from the lateness of the hour last evening
when I obtained the floor, I was unable to de-
liver.
There was no objection.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act to establish Augusta, in the State of
Georgia, a port of delivery;
An act making appropriations for the comple-
tion of military roads in Oregon Territory;
An act for the relief of Whitemarsh B. Sea-
brook and others;
An act to amend the twenty-eighth section of
the act of Congress, approved the 30th of August,
1842, entitled "An act to provide revenue irom
imports, and to change and modify the existing
laws imposing duties 011 imports, and for other
purposes/'prohibiting the importation of obscene
and indccentarticles, so as more effectually to ac-
complish the purposes for which that provision
was enacted; and
An act for the relief of John Shaw, a soldier in
the war of 1812.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILLS.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasii-
burne] to suspend the rules of the House, in
order that he may introduce the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole on the «tate
of the Union be discharged tiom the further (ion^deration
of the bill of the House (No. -29o) to continue the improve-
ment of the Cape Fear rivei, North Carolina, and that the
Hoube proceed to its consideration, and that when so under
consideration it shall be in order to submit an amendment
thereto, embracing similai provisions for various other
rivers and haibors.
Mr. McMULLIN demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, moved that there be
a call of the House.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 1S4, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Akers. Albright, Ball. Barbour. Henry
Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Bowie,
Bradshavv, Brenton, Broom, Buffinton, Burlingame, James
H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Caruthers, Chaffee,
EzraClaik, CJawson, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Co\, rut-
gin, Cullen, Cumback, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Dean,
Denver, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Durie«,
EdiCjEmrie, English, Etheridge, Eusus, Flagler, Menrv M.
Fuller, Granger, Augustus Hall, Robert B. Hall, Ifaibui,
J. Morrison Hams, Harrison, Haven, Herbeit, Hodges,
Holioway, Thomas R. Horton, Howard, Hu h ton, Kelly,
Kelsey, ICennett, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Kunkel, Lindley, Mace, Humphrey Marshall, MeCarty,
Killian Miller, Miliward, Mooie, Morgan, Morrill, Molt,
Murray, Nichols, Norton, Pame, Paiker, Pelton, Penning-
ton, Pettit, Pike, Porter, Pringle, Reade, Ready, Un-aud,
Robbms, Roberts, Robison, Sabm, Sage, Sandi-lge, H.ipp,
Scott, Shciman, Simmons, Stanton, Stranahan, tfwope,
Tappan, Thormgton, Tiafton, Tvson, Underwood. Valk,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldion, Cadwalader
Washburne,EliihuB. Washbume, Israel Washburn, Wat-
son, Welch, Wells, Williams, Wmslow, Woodiufi', and
Wood worth—124.
NAYS —Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Hendley S.
Bennett, Bocock, Boyce. Branch, Burnett, Cadwalader,
Casiue, Chngnmn, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Orntge, Craw-
ford, Davidson, Day, Dowdcll, Edmundson, Elliott. Evans,
Faulkner, Fost«r,Goode, Greenwood, Samp<on W. Harris,
Thomas L. Hams, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones,
Letter, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S Marshall, Maxwell,
McMullin, Snuth Miller, Mill-on, Andrew Oliver, Orr,
Packer, Powell, Quitman, Rufhn, Savage, Shoiter, Samuel
A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith, Taylor, Vail,
Warnei, Wheeler, Wood, and John V. Wright—54.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof.)
Mr. FLORENCE, (after the result was an-
nounced.) I desire to vote.
Mr. MORGAN. I objcct.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope no one will object
to my name being placed upon the recoid.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is not recorded as voting.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will tho gentleman from
New York withdraw his objection?
Mr. MORGAN. I supposed the gentleman
wanted to change his vote, so as to move to re-
consider.
Mr. FLORENCE. Not at all. I want to be
upon the rccord.
No objection being made,
Mr. FLOREN CE recorded his vote !n the neg-
ative.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call tho
previous question upon the passage of the reso-
lution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays upon the resolution.
Mr. DUNN. I ask the gentleman to modify
his resolution in order to avoid difficulty, and
make it read " amendment," instead of " amend-
ments."
The SPEAKER. The resolution has been
received under a suspension of the rules, and it
cannot be modified except by the House.
Mr. DUNN. 1 move that amendment, then.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
calls the previous question.
Mr. DUNN. I suppose it is not competent to
call the previous question while J havo the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
called the previous question before the gentleman
from Indiana rose.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to inquire of the
Chair, whether these bills will be subject to amend-
ment, under a suspension of the rules, if they
come before the House ?
The SPEAKER.. The bills will be subject to
amendment under the rules of the House.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
107, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS — Messis. Akers, Alhiight, Allen, Allison, Bill,
Baibour, Hcniy Bennett, Benson, BiJImgliurct. Bingham,
Bishop, Blii>«>. Brad-haw, Bienton, Broom, BntlirHOii. Bur-
lingame, Janus II. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chalice,
Ezia Ciaik, dawson. Collax, Comins, Covode, Culien,
Cumback, Damiell, Timothy Davi*, Dean, Denver, De
Witt. Dick, Dickson, Dunn, Durfee, Edie, Enuie, Ejmh,
Flagler, Floience, Gallewav, Robert 15. IIoU, Haiiain J.
Morusnri Harns. Damson, Haven, Herbert, Hodse;-, h<>Uo
wav, Thorns it. Horton, Valentine B. Hoitim. Ilualwon,
Kelly, KeUev, Kemictr, King, Knapp, knigm^Knox,
Ma<v, McCaitv, Morgan, Morrill, Mott. Mui:a\, Nichols,
Norton, Tame,' Parker, Peek, Pelton, Permmguin. Vc\\n,
Poller. Prim'le, Purviance, Roberts, Robison, Sabm. Sajrc,
WasJiburne, Elhhu B.
son, Weils, Williams, Y\ inslow," Woodiutf, and Wood-
WNAYS-—Messr?- Alien. Barclay, Hendley 3. Bennett,
i Bocock, Boy«e, Branch. Burnett* J«ha F. Ckuapbeli, Our-
