THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Hie* Caskie. Clingman. Williamson R, W. Cobb, Craige,
Crawford, Day, iDowdeli, Edmundson, Elliott, English,
Evans, Faulkner, Foster, Thomas J. I>. Fuller. Garnett,
Goode, Augustus Hail, Sampson W. Hairis, Thomas L.
ijarris. Hodman, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones,
Keitt, fcnowitfm, Lumpkin, Humphrey Matshall, Samuel
S. Marshall, McMulhn, McQueen, Smith Miller, MUlson,
Andrew Oliver, Orr, Packer, Periy, Filce, Powell, Quit-
man, Ready, Rieaud, Iluffin, Savage, Shorter, William R.
Smith, Spinner, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Vail, Walker,
Warner, Wheeler, Wood, Daniel B. Wright, and. John V.
Wright—65.
Pending the call,
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, stated that had
he been within the bar when his name was called,
he should have voted against the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The "nays" have it; it
requiring: two thirds to discharge the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. If the Speaker will read the
resolution, he will perceive that it embraces the
whole subject; that the Committee of the Whole
be discharged from the further consideration of
those bills, and that they be considered at this
time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
will perceive that the House has suspended its
rules, so that the resolution shall be considered;
and upon the question of agreeing to the resolu-
tion the House has not voted therefor by a two-
third vote, and it requires a two-third vote to take
a bill from the Committee of the "Whole out of its
order, and consider it in the Iiousc, when it makes
an appropriation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Ilnusc
did not understand the Speaker to put the ques-
tion in that way. The form of the question put
was, whether the resolution be passed or not?
The SPEAKER. The terms of the resolution
must govern the House and the Chair. The terms
are that the Committee of the Whole he discharged
from the consideration of a bill out of its order,
that it may be considered in the House. Every
member understands that that requires a two-
third vote.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. May I ask !
thnf. the resolution be again reud^ j
Mr. LETCHER. I object. The gentleman j
ought to knew what is in ins own resolution. J
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman did not vote ,
with the prevailing side. As a question of order
is raised, it is the light of the gentleman to have
th« resolution road.
The resolut ion was read.
The SPEAKER. The resolution, in its terms,
discharges the Committee of the Whole from the
consideration of a bill not reached in its regular I
order, and provides for its consideration in the •
House. Tlintcertainly requiresa two-third vote, i
Mr. STANTON. W.is not, in point of fact, '
the first vote upon the resolution?
1 he SPEAKER. It was only on receiving the
resolution.
Mr. S rANTON. The proposition of the gen- ;
tleman Irom Illinois is in tin; form of a motion.
The gentleman from Illinois makes what is prac-
tically a wruton motion, that the rules be sus-
pended to enable him to accomplish this result.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, with
the leave of the gentleman from Ohio, that the
rules have been suspended that a motiun bo re-1
reived for consideration; and being received for!
consideration, u would ordinarily be passed by-
a majority vote; but the resolution in its terms j
provides for discharging the Committee of the j
Whole irom the bill, and considering it in the l
House, when the rules require that it shall be '
considered jh its order in the Committee of the >
Wnole, as it makes an appropriation. The i
Chair, therefoie, tules that to take it out of its !
oidei, and cmi&idci it m the liouse, requires a
two-third vote. 1 I
Mr. WASITBURNE, of Illinois, I under-'
stand, then, that she resolution is before the !
House. :
The SPEAKER. The House has disagreed i
to the resolution, according to the understanding 1
of the Chair. :
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I ;
move to i econsider that vote. !
Mr, LETCHER. And I raise the question, (
that tiie gentleman did not vote with the party i
haying a right to make that motion. I
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
did not vote on the prevailing side, and, under
the rule of the House, is not privileged to make
the motion to reconsider.
Mr. KNOWLTON. As the friends of the
measure did not seem to be aware of the effect of
the vote, I think it but fair to give them a chance.
I therefore move to reconsider the vote.
Mr. LETCHER. On what side did the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Knowlton] vote?
The SPEAKER. In the negative.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to laythe
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. McMULLIN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SMITH, ofTennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I wish to ask the Chair whether,
as it. requires a two-third vote to pass the resolu-
tion, less than two thiidscan reconsider the vote?
The SPEAKER. A majority can reconsider
the vote; and the question will then recur on
agreeing to the resolution.
The question was taken; and it was dpcided in
the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 57; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Akcrs, Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Ileniy Bennett, Benson, Biliirighurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bowie, Biadshaw, Bientou, Buil'infon, Bnrlingame, James
II. Campbell, Lewis 1). Campbell, Chaffee, Gzra Clark,
Claw^m, Coilax, Cotnms, Covode, Cragm, Culien, Cum-
liai k. Damrell, Timothy Daws, Dean, Denver, Dick, Dick-
son. Doihl, Dunn, Dm tee, Lldie, Etbondge, Eu&tiss, Flagler,
Floienee. Galloway, Robert 1}. Il.Ul, Jhulan, J.AIomson
Dams, Harrison, Haven, llcihcit, Hodges, Hollowav, Val-
entino IL llotton, Kelly, KeHey, Kcimett, Kmtf, Knapp,
Knii'ht, Knowlton, Knox, lvunlvoI,M.iec,]\icOaity, Killian
jMillei, iMoor.', Mo:gan, Moiuii, Mott, Munay, Norton,
Paine, Paik<T, Peck, Penmnmon, Pettit, Pike, Toner,
Putmle, Pin vianco, Lhcaud, Robbing Robert*, Sabm, Sage,
Sapp, Scott, Sewaid, Sliennan, Simmons, Stanton, Stran-
alian, Tappan, Tiioimgton, Todd, Trafton, Tyson, Wade,
W akoman, Walbiidae, Waidiou, Cadwalader C. W.ish-
hiiine, Ei.ibti B. W'.i.libmtie, Liael Washburn. Watson,
VVelK Win-dow, Woodrull.and Wondwoith—10o.
NA\'ri-\l(,>,i>. Aiken, Ailen, Baiolav, llendle\ S.Ben-
nett, Boeo( k, Boyee, Bianch, Bm nrtt. Caskie, Wilham-ou
K UT Cobb, Cov, CiaiiT'S Ciavvloid, David-on, D.u, Dow-
d°ll, Elliott, K.mli-h, F;i(ilkner, Foster, Goode, ^amp^on
W Ilaiit.-, Thomas L. Darin, Hoffman, Houston, Jewett,
Ceoige W. .fonec, Kulwell, Leicbei, Lumpkin, llumphiey
Mai shall, Samuel S. Marshall, McMullm, McQueen, Smith
iMilh i, Million, Oi i, P.u-k< i,Powell, Quitman, Ready, Rtif
tin, Savage, Shoiter, Snmuot A. Sirntb, William Smith,
William II. Small. Spinner, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor,
Tlmr-ton, Vail, Wainer, Wood, Daniel B. Wught, and
John \', Wright -57.
So the vote was reconsidered.
Mr. LETCHER. Does it not require the
same vote to reconsider as if requires to pass the
proposition in its original shape '
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
may he carried by a majority of the House, but
on the question immediately recurring, a two-
third vote will be necessary, so as to discharge
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union from the eonsidetatioii of an appropriation
hill, and to allow amendments of the same char-
acter to be acted on in the Houso.
Mr. JO\'ES, of Tennessee. If this resolution
be now adopted by a two-third vote, it suspends
that rule also which requires appropriations to be
iirst considered in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. It docs.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for the yeas and nays
on the lesolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McMb LL1N. Is it m order now to move
a call of the House ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire the
Chair to state the question, so that it may be un-
derstood whether or not it requires a two-third
vote?
The SPEAKER. The resolution requires the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
to be di^chatged fioui the consideration of an ap-
propi lation bill, and that it may be considered m
the House; also, thatamendmeots making appro-
priations, which, under the rules of the House,
would be required to be considered m the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
may be considered in the House, and not referred
to the committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. In other words,
the effect of the resolution is to discharge the
I Committes of the Whole on the state of the Union
from ail the river and harbor appropriation bills,
and to bring them and put them into one bill.
Mr. McMULLIN. I asked the Speaker when
I was last up, whether or not it was in order to
move a call of the House ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. I submit that motion now.
The House is very thin, and we ought to have a
full House.
Mr. Mc&UEEN called for the yeas and nays,
and for tellers on the yeas and nays.
The tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The motion for a call of the House was not
agreed to.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution. ~-
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 113, nays 60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henry
Bennett. Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss,
Bradshavv, Brenton, Broom, Buffinton, Burhngarrie, James
H. Campbell, Lewi's D. Campbell, Chaffee, ~Ezia Clark,
1 dawson, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cragm, Culien, Cum-
j back, Damrell, Henry Winter Davis, Dean, Denver, De
; Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Durtee, Edie, English,
i Ethcrid«c,Eu*tis, Flagler, Florence, Henry M. Fuller, Gal-
I loway, Gianger, Robert B. Hail, Ilailan, J. Morrison Har-
ris, Damson, llaven, Heibert, Hodges, Holloway, Valen-
tine B. Uoiton, Hughstou, Kelly. Kelsey, Kenneu, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Knov, Kunkel, MeCarty, Kilhan Mil-
ler, Milhvard, Moore, Moigan, Mornll. Mott, Murray, Nor-
ton, Paine, Paikcr, Peck, Pelton, Pennington, Pettit, Pike,
Porter, Pi ingle, Purviancp, Rieaud, Robbms, Roberts, Sabin,
Sage, Sapp. Seott, Sewaid, Sherman, Simmons, Stanton,
Stranahan, Tappan, Thonngton, Todd, Tratton, Tyson,
Wade, Wakoman, Walbtidge, Waidron, Cadvvalader C.
\Vashbnrne,Elhhu B. Wa-dihmne, Nracl Wa-hbum, Wat-
son, Welch, Wells, Williams, Wins-low, Woodiuff, and
Woodwoith—11,5.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Alien, Barclay, Ilendley S. Ben-
nett, Boeock, Boyee, Bianch, Burnett, Cadwalader, John
P. Campbell, Caihle, Ca^kie, Wilham-onR. W. Cobb, Cox,
Crawl'oid, David-on, Dowdeii. Edmundson, Evans, Faulk-
ner, Fo.stei, Thomas .T. D. Fuller, Goode, Augustus Hall,
Sampson W. HamsThoma«*L. Hams, Hoffman, Houston,
Jewett. Geoige VV. Jones, Kidwell, Letcher, Lumpkin,
i Humphrey Mar-hall, Samuel S. Maishall, Maxwell, Mc-
j Mullm, McGtueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Moirison,An-
! diew Oliver, On. Packer, Powell, Quitman, Ready, Ruffin,
, Savaa<i, Sboitei, William Simtli, William R. Smith, Stew-
ait, Talbou, Ta},loi> \*ail, Warnei, Wood, Daniel B.
] \V113h!, and John V. Wnght—60. «
1 So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
resolution was not agreed to.
Pending the vote,1"
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, stated that Mr.
Dams, of Massachusetts, had desired him to say,
that on account of illness he had to leave the
House, and had paired off with Mr. Smith, of
Tennessee.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER announced that reports of pri-
vate bills trom standing committees were in oraer.
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will it not be in
! order to take up the bills on the Speaker's table
reported by the Committee of the Whole House?
1 The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent only.
! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not know
: what the bills are. I am not interested in any of
I them.
The SPEAKER. After the House shall have
| consumed one hour in the consideration of the
! business which belongs to the morning hour, it
I will be competent to go to the Speaker'is table for
j private bills.
I CAPE FEAR RIVER IMPROVEMENT.
j Mr. W1NSLOW. I hope the House will not
; think me pertinacious when I move that the rules
I be suspended m order 10 take up Senate bill (No.
i 227) making appropriations for the continuation
■ of the improvements of Cape Fear river. The
1 bill that has just been under consideration was a
i House bill appropriating £,600,000. Thebillwhich
I passed the Senate appropriates only $160,000. It
is a matter of vital consequcnce to my people, and
; I hope the rules will be suspended.
J Mr. STANTON, (interrupting.) Is debate in
[ order?
j The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
! Mr. KNOWLTON. I insist on the regular
I order of business.
| The SPEAKER. That is the regular order of
| business.
i Mr. BARBOUR. The regular order of busi-
ness is the case of Judge Watrous.
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the House
r to suspend th© rules on this day.
