mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28.
"Witt, Dickson, Dowdell, Durfee, Edmundson, Elliott, Eng-
lish, JEtheridge, Eustis. Evans, Faulkner, Flagler, Florence,
Poster, Henry M- Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Garnett,
Goode, Granger, Greenwood, Augustas Hall, Robert B.
Hall, I. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L.
Harris, harrison, Haven, Hoffman, Valentine B. Horton,
Houston, Howard, George YV. Jones, Kelsey, Kennett,
Kidwell, Knapp, Knowlton, Knox, Leiter, Letcher, Mace,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, McMuihn, Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller, Million, Millward, Moore, Morrill,
Mott, Muriay, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Oir, Paine, Parser,
Peek, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pike, Porter, Powell,
Pringle, Puryear, Quitman, Ricaud,Robbins,Rumn, Sabin,
Sage, Savage, Scott, Seward, Shorter, Simmons, William
Smith, Spinner, Stewart, Stranahan, Tappan, Taylor,
Tiionngiou, Thurston, Trafton, Underwood, Wakeman,
"Warner,CadwaladerC. Wa«hburne,Ellihu B. Washbume,
Israel Washburn, Welch, Wells, Wheeler, Whitney, Wil-
liams, Winslow, Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth, Daniel B.
bright, and John V. Wright—136.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
Pending the vote,
Mr. TALBOTT stated that if he had been
present when his name was called, he would have
voted " no."
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
4 JONES, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
* eider the vote ordering the main question, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on the Senate amend-
ment.
Mi*. LETCHER called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STANTON, I ask for a division of the
amendment.
The SPEAKER. It is a distinct amendment,
and is not divisible.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The question is
on concurring in the Senate amendment. Those
in favor of the bill will of course vote " no."
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas G3, nays 105; as follows:
YEAS — Messis. Aiken, Hundley S. Bennett, Bocock,
Burnet!, John P. Campbell, Cnihle, Catkin, Clmginart,
Williamson U. VV. Cobb, Oraige, Ciau'ford.Davidson, Den-
ver, Dowdell, Edinundson, Elliott, Engh-ii, Evan-., Faulk-
,  or, Foster, TIkhjiih J 1> Fuller, Garnetf, Goode. (iiooii-
wood, Sampson W. fZ.uns, Thomas L. Hams, Houston,
Geoige IV. Jones, Ivelly, KidvveJJ, Leicher, Lumpkin,
2VLice, Suitmci Marshall, Mc.MuIlm, Mcdueeu, Smith
Miller, MilUon, Mott, Oir, Peek, Pelion, Powell, Puryear,
Quitman, Rurtlu, Seward, Shorter, William Smith. Spin-
ner, Stewau, Talbott, Taylor, Thur.-.tou, Walker, Wainer,
Watkins, Wells, WheHfi, Williams, Winslow, Darnel 0.
Wnght, and John V. Wright—03.
NAYS—Messrs. Aibught, AliKon,RalI, Barbour, Darclay,
Benson, Bingham, Bishop, Brad-haw, fironton, Bioom,
Butlinion, Buihngame, Janiei II Campbell, Lewis D!
Campbell, Caruihors, CliaOee, Bajatd Chulcc, Ezia Claik,
CJaw.?on, Colfax, Comms, Co vou«',Criijim, Cum back, Dam-
mil, Homy Winter Davi*., Dean, De Wilt, Dick, Dtck-on,
Dodd, Dm fee, Ethcndge, Eustis, Flakier, Floionee, Homy
M. Fuller, Calloway, Gianger, Rubm 13. Hall, J Mornson
IJains, IlaififtOii, fl.iven, Hodge-, UojTinan, Holloway,
Thomas It. Horton, Valentine B. Hoi ton, Howard. Kel-ey,
Kennett, Kmc, ICnnpp, Knight, Knowlton, Kno\, Kunkel,
Huuipiiiey Marshall, MeCart), Killian Miller, RIillward,
Moore, Morgan, Moinll, Muiray, Noiton, Andrew Oliver,
Packer, Parker, Pennmjiton, Puny, Pettir, Pike, Pnngle,
1'urviance, llieaud, Robbing, Robcits, Sabin, Sasje, Sapp,
Heott, Simmons, Htanton, ytiariaban, Tappan, Thormgtou,
Todd, Tiatton, Tyson, Underwood, YVade, Wakeman,
XValbiidge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washbume, Elhhu
B. VVas-iiburno, Israel Washburn. Watson, Welch, Whit-
ney, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—105.
So the amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
Pending the vote.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, stated that Mr.
Morrison was obliged to leave the House, and
had paired off with Mr. Peltom.
Mr. HARRISON stated that Mr. A. K. Mar-
shall was detained from the House by indispo-
sition.
Mr. READY stated that if he had been present
■when lii.s name was called, he would have voted
ti ay."
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon- 1
sider the vote by which the House refused to
concur in the amendment of the Senate, and also ij
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Would it be in !
order to osk the Senate for a committee of con- <
ferenco on that bill r j
The SPEAKER. It will be in order. j
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. It is not usual,'
I believe, at this stage of the matter, to ask for a !
committee of conference, 1
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We have been I
doing rather extraordinary things for the last few :
days, and we might as well ask for a conference
now as at any other time.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Then- I move
that a committee of conference be asked of the
Senate on the amendmenfto this bill to which the
House disagrees.
Mr. STANTON. Is that motion in order be-
fore the Senate insist?
The SPEAKER. It is not according to the
usual course of proceeding.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is not custom-
ary, but it is in order.
The SPEAKER. The appointment of a com-
mittee of conference is in the nature of a privi-
leged matter, and may be asked now, though it is
not usual at this stetge.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is very late in
the session now, and it is very evident that it will
have to come to that before anything can be done.
TheSPEAKER. TheHouse non-concurs with
the Senate in its amendment, and may ask a con-
ference now; or the House may send a message
to the Senate announcing the disagreement, and
then there may be a motion to insist on the dis-
agreement, and ask for a conference. It is imma-
terial.
Mr. STANTON. It seems to me that a con-
ference cannot be asked until one branch has de-
cided to insist.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I waive the point
of courtesy, and move that the House ask a con-
ference of the Senate on the amendment on which
the two Mouses disagree.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Camp-
bell, of Ohio, Letcher, and De Witt, were
appointed such committee of conference on the
part of the House.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I now ask to take
up House bill (No. 636) making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Depaitmont for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1858, with the
amendments of the Senate. The Committee of
Ways and Means lias reported in favor of con-
curring in two of these amendments,and non-con-
curring in the rest. That bill will probably have
to go to a committee of conference.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the read-
ing of the amendments.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. WHEELER. I find, on looking at the
Journal of yesterday, that my name is not re-
corded upon the resolution of thegentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Purviance.] T was in my
seat and voted. I ask the consent of the Mouse
to have my name recorded in the negative on that
iesolution.
No objection was made; and the correction was
ordered to be made.
WILLIAM AUSTIN.
Mr SAPP. I rise to a question of privilege,
or, perhaps, a question of order. Some days ago,
House bill No. 357 was partly discussed, and
the evidence partly read. It is due to all parties
that all the sworn evidence shall be printed. I
ask that it mny be printed.
Mr. LETCHER. Which case is that?
Mr. SAPP. It is the case of William Austin.
It is all right. [Laughter.]
The order to print was made.
Mr. STANTON, (at ten minutes to six
o'clock.) The House certainly ought to adjourn
or take a recess. 1 propose that the House shall
take a recess until eight o'clock.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. STANTON, 1 move, then, that the House
adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I appeal to my
colleague to witltdraw that motion, and to allow
us to dispose of these amendments, and then take
a recess. It is drawing towards the close of the
session, and we ought to receive messages from
the Senate to-night. i move that the House take
a recess until half-past seven o'clock.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. '
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to suspend ;
the rules. !
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas !
and nays. ;
The yeas and nays were not ordered. j
Mr. BARCLAY demanded tellers. i
Tellers were not ordered.
The rules were not suspended—two thirds not
voting therefor.
Mr. McQUEEN (at six o'clock) moved that
the House adjourn.
Mr. BARCJLAY demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McQueen
and Sapp were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 75, noes 83.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
if the report of the Committee on the Judiciary
for the impeachment of Judge Watrous was not
postponed until to-day?
The SPEAKER. It was.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, sir, T e;ive
notice that as soon as the amendments to this Post
Office appropriation bill are disposed of, I shall
require that that case be taken up.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the amendments of the Senate to the Post Office
appropriation bill.
First and second amendment of the Senate:
In section three, after the word " that," insert the words
"if the revenues of the Post Office Department shall be
insufficient to meet the appropriations of this act, then,"'
and after the woid "dollars," the words " or so much
thereof as may be necessary," so thattho section will read:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That if the revenues
of the Post Office Department shall be insufficient to meet
the appropriations of this act, then the sum of 500,000,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, be, and the same
is hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of any money in tin1
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to supply deficiencies
in the revenue of the Post Office Department tor the year
ending the 30th of June, J8o8.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence
in the first and second amendments of the Senate.
The question was taken; and the amendments
were severally concurred in.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence in the remaining Senate amendments, on
the ground that they ar  independent legislation
attached to a general appropriation bill.
Seventh amendment of the Senate:
Sec. 9. And he xt further enacted, That the eighth section
of the act of 18th August, Jt\>6, entitled "An act making
appropnations for the scivico of the Po^t OiTioe Impair-
ment," &c., be construed as mandatory, and tli.it the Post-
master General be, and he heicby i-^, requited to pav torbe
said Guiding? the sum of &33.500 pci annum, i't lieu oi ilic
contract on mail route No. 12900, as directed by said sec-
tion, deducting payments heretofore made.
Mr. LETCHER. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
Mr. WALKER. I hope the House will con-
cur in it. It is a just amendment, and ought to
be concurred in.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will make but a
single remark. The Postmaster General was
authorized to make the allowance in this and two
other cases. Pie has allowed the claims in the
other two cases, and refused to do it in this. The
object of the Senate amendment is to declare a
construction which will control the Department.
I hope the amendment will be concurred in.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the House will not
concur m the amendment. It is a private claim,
and the Committee of Ways and Means are asked
to ingraft such legislation upon the general ap-
propriation bills, when the rule of the House
expressly prohibits any such thing. I hope the
House will not concur in the amendment.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I understand that it is to
enforce an act of the last session, and therefore
is in pursuance of law.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
The remaining amendments of the Senate were
severally non-concurred in.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that the
votes by which the several amendments were
respectively concurred in, and non-concurred in,
be reconsidered; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I now move that
the House take a recess until eight o'clock.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to suspend
the rules.
