962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
I have been trying for a month at least to get
the- bill repealing the general law before the
House, but I have not succeeded; and I do not
propose at this stage of the session to introduce
ft; but 1 beggentlemen to remember that there is
such a bill pending in the other end of the Cap-
itol, and that if they wish to continue that law
on your statute-book they should go with mc to
reconsider this bill.
The motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
CONSTRUCTION OF TEN SLOOPS-OF-WAR.
Mr. BENSON. I ask the attention of the
House, and I ask their unanimous consent that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union may be discharged from Senate bill (No.
119) to authorize the construction of ten sloops-
of-w&r.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I object.
Mr. BENSON moved to suspend the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 109, nays 75; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Hall, Barclay, Hendley
S. Bennett, Benson, Bishop, Bocock, Bowie, Boyee, Broom,
fiuflinton, Burlingame, James II. Campbell, John l\ Camp-
bell, Lewis I). Campbell, Caskie, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke,
dawson, CJingman, Comins, Covodc, Crawford, CuJlen,
Damrell, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Jacob C. Da\U,
Timothy Davis, Dean. Denver, Dick, Dowdoli, Durfeu,
Edmundson, Elliott, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Florence,
Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Garnctt, Goode,
Greenwood, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Har-
rison, Haven, Herbert, Thomas R. Horton, Jowett, J. Clan-
cy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kennett, King, Kuapp, Kunkei,
JL&kc, Letcher, Alexander It. Marshall, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Maxwell, M Hson,Mdlward,Moore, Moruson, Nich-
ols, Orr, Paine, Peck, Pclton, Powell, Pringle, Purviancc,
Puryear, Quitman, Ready, R'tcaud, Ritchie, Ruffin, Sage,
Sandidge, Sapp, Seward, Shorter, William Smith, William
R. Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stewart, Stranahan, Talbott,
Taylor, Todd, Tyson, Vail, Valk, Wakeman, Walker,
Wheeler, Williams, Witislow, Wood, Woodruff, Daniel
B. Wright, and Zollicoffer—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Athlon, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Billmghurst, Bingham, Bradshaw, Brenton, Burnett,
Carlile, Willian^on R. W. Cobb, Col lax. Cox, Ciaein,
Craige, Cumluek, Day, Dickson, Dodd, English, Etheridge,
Flagler, Giangei, Hai Ian, Thomas L. llan is , Ilodgcs, lloff
man, ilolloway, Val'Mitine B. Horton, Houston, How.ud,
Hugh-ion, George W. Jones, Kidwoll, Knight, KnowJton,
Knox, Loiter, Lumpkin, Mace, Samuel S. Marxian, Mc-
Mullin, McQueen, Killian Miller, Smith Milter, Morgan,
Morrill, Mott, Muiray, Norton, Andicw Oliver, Parker,
Pennington, l'eriy, Pettit, Salmi, Savage, Seott, Simmons,
Samuel A. Smith, Stanton, Tuppan, Thoungton, Tratton,
Wade, Walbridge, W.Udion, Cadwaladei C. Washburne,
Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Waikins, Wats.on,
Wells, Woodwoith, and John V. Wnght-—7o.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
not voting m the affirmative.)
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickints, their Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate bad agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the Indian appropri-
ation bill.
ENROLLED BILL, 1
Mr. DAVIDSON, from tho Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act to authorize the issue
of a register to the bark Ann Elizabeth; when the
Speaker signed the same.
SURPLUS IN THE TREASURY.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am directed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to report
back House bill (No. 81G) to provide for the de-
posit of the surplus in the Treasury of the United
States with the several States, and for other pur-
poses, with an amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON, i object.
The SPEAKER. The report is in the regular
order of business in the morning hour.
Mr. HOUSTON. When does the morning
hour expire ?
The SPEAKER. At a quarter past twelve
o'clock.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I call for the pre-
vious question.
The bill was read, as follows:
A Bill to provide for the deposit of the surplus m the Treas-
ury of the United States with the several States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlrncrica in Congress assembled, That
the money which shall be m the Treasury of the United
States on the first day of July, 1857, reserving the sum of
$3,000,000, shall be deposited with such of the several States,
in proportion to their respective representation in the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives of the United States, as
shall by law authorize their treasurers or other competent
authorities 'to receiv^the same on the terms hereinafter
specified; and the Secretary of the Tieasuiy s-liall deliver
the same to such treat>ureis or other competent authorities
on receiving certificates of deposit therefor, signed by such
competent authorities, in such form as may be prescubed
by the Secretary aforesaid; which certificates shall express
the usual and legal obligations and pledge the faith of tho
State for the safe-keeping and repayment theieof, and shall
pledge the faith of the States receiving the same fo pay the
said moneys and eveiy part thereof, from time to time,
whenever the same shall be required by the Secretary of
the Treasury for the purpose of defraying any want* of the
public Treasury beyond the amount ot the two millions
aforesaid : Provided, That if any State declines to receive
its proportion of the surplus aforesaid on the terms before
named, the same shall be deposited with the other States
agreeing to accept the same on deposit in the propoiuon
aforesaid : And provided further, That when said money,
or any part thereof, shall be wanted by the said Secretary
to meet appiopnations by law, the same shall be called for,
in ratable proportions, within one year, as neaiiyas conve-
niently may be, from the different States with which the
same is deposited, and shall not be called form sums exceed-
ing #10,000 from anyone State,in any one month, without
pievious notice of thirty days for every additional sum of
$20,00!) which may at any time be required.
Sec. 2. *&nd be it further enacted, That the said deposits
shall be made with the said States in the following pvopoi-
tions and at the following terms, to wit: one hall part on
the first day of July, 1857, and one half part on the first day
ol October, 1857.
The amendmentof the Committee of Ways and
Means was reported, as follows:
At the end of scction one insert as follows:
Jiiid provided further, That before such deposit shall be
made the sum of §8,000,000 shall be invested by the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, with the advice and concur-
rence of the Secietaryof the Treasury and the Secretary
of the Interior, i  the stocks of such States as have pro-
vided a sinking fund for the redemption thereof, bearing in-
terest at a rate of not less than five per centum pei annum,
on which the annual accruing inteiest has been regulaily
paid, which stock shall be held by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and the annual mterestaecrumg thereon shall be
applied to the payment of the interest on the amounts held
by tho United States, on which live per centum is annually
paid to the several Indian tribes, under treaty stipulations ;
but for the payment of such interest,appropriations shall be
annually made by Congtess.
Mr. WHEELER moved that the bill be laid
upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 83, nays 105; as follows:
YJvAS—Messrs. Aik'*n, Allen, Barbour, Barclay. Hend-
lov S. ttennett, Boyee, Burnett, Carlile, Caruthers, Chaffee,
Williamson II. YV. Cobb, Comins, Ctawford, Davidson,
Jacob C. Davis, Day, Dean, Denver, DowduIJ, Elliott.
English, Knstis, Evans, Florence, Foster, Thomas J. I)!
Fuller, Garnett, Goode, (Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Samp-
son W. Ilarm, Thomas L. Hmris, Herbert. Houston, Jew-
ett, George \V. Jones. J. Glancy Jones, Kent, Kelly, Kid-
well, Lake, Leitei, Letcher, Lumpkin, Mace, Samuel S.
Mauhail, Maxwell, McQueen, Smith Miller, Morrison,
Mott, Nichols, Andruw Oliver, Orr, Packer, Peek, Pen-
nington, Perry,Pettit,Powell, Quitman, Sandidge, Savage,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William It. Smith, Spinner,
Stewart, Talbott, Tappan, Taylor, Thonngtoii, Tialton,
Vail, Wade, Walker, Warner, Watson, Wells, Wheeler,
Woodworth, Daniel [5. Wright, and John V. Wright—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, llenty Bennett,
Benson, Bingham, Bishop, Bocock, Bowie, BnuHiaw,
Bianch, Brenton, Brxnn. l3nfiinton, Burhngame, Jame^
H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Caskm, Uayaid Clarke,
E/.ra Claik, Claw-son, Colfax, Covode, Coy, Ciagm,
Craige, Cullen, Cnmluck, Daimell, Timothy Davn, Dick,
Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, Etheiidge, Flaglei, Henry
M. Fuller, Galloway, Gi anger, Hailan, J. Morrison Harris,
Harrison, Haven, Iiodges, Ilolloway, Thomas It. Ilotton.
Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Hughston, Kennett. King,
Kuapp, Knight, KnowJton, Knox, Kunkei, Alexander K.
Maishull, Ilumphiey Marshall, MeCarty, McMuIlm, Killian
Miller, Millson, Mill ward, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Murray,
Parker, Pelton, Pi ingle, Purviance, Puryear, Ready, Rieaud,
Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Ruffin, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott,
Reward, Sherman, Simmons, William Smith, Snei d, Stan-
ton, Stranahan, Thui&ton, Todd, Valk, Wakeinan, Wal-
bridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elhhu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watbins, Williams, Wins-
low, Wood, Woodruff, and Zolheoffer—105.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would surest,
before that question is put, that the words <{ Sen-
ate and" be stricken out of the second line.
The SPEAKER. That can be done only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. 1 wish to offer an
amendment, to strike out the word "two," in
the fifth line, and insert *s one."
Objection was made.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I ask the
gentleman from Ohio to withdraw the demand
for the previous question until I can offer a sub-
stitute for the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I cannot with-
draw it.
The previous question was seconded; there
being, on a division—ayes 82, noes 38.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays on ordering the mam question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 89; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Benson, Bing-
ham, Bishop, Bowie, Bradshaw, Bianch,Brenton, Bioom,
Buflniton, Burlmgame, James H. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Clawson, Chngman, Colfax, Covode, Cox,
Cragin, Craige, Cullen, Cumback, Damrell, Ucmy Winter
Davis,Timothy Davis, Dickson.Dodd,Dunn, Dusfec, Edic,
Etheiidge, Evans, Flagler, Iienry M. Fuller, Gallon a\,
Giangoi, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Ilorri^on, Haven,
Hodges, Ilolloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentino 15. Hor-
ton, Howard, Hughston, Jvelsey, Kennett, King, Km&ht,
Knox, Kunkei, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Mat-
shall, MeCarty, Killian Miller, Millvvaul, Moore, Morgan,
Mori ill, Murray. Pame, Paikcr, Pclton, Pennington. Pim-
gle, I'uiviance, Puryear, Ready, Rtcaud, Riiclne, Bobbins,
Roberts, Ruffin, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Seott, Shciman, Sim-
mons, William Smith, Sneed, Stanton, Stranahan, Swope,
Thuiston/fodd, Underwood, Valk, Wakeinan. Waibr.dge,
Waldion, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washbuin, Wat-
kin*, Welch, Whitney, Williams, Win-slow, and Wood-
ruff— 10-2.
NAYS—Messis. Aiken, Allen, Barbour, Barclay, Iienry
Bennett, Hendley S. Bennett, Billinghur&t, Bocock, Bo^ ce,
Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Carlile, Caruth-
ers, Caskie, Chaffee, Comms, Crawford, Davidson, Jacob
C. Davis, Day, Dean, Denver, Dick, Powdell, Elliott,
Eustis, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Thomas J. D Fuller,
Garnett, Goode, Gieenwood, Sampson VV. Harris, Thomas
L. Harris, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, Kent, Kid-
wcll, Knapp, Knowlton, Lake, Leiter, Letcher, Lumpkin,
Maee, Samuel S. Maivhall, McMulhu, McQueen. Mill-
son, Morrison, Mott, Nichols, On, Packer, Peek, Peiry,
Pcttu, Pike, Powell, Quitman, Sandidge, Savage, Sewaui,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, Spinner,
Stewart, Talbott, Tappan, Taylor, Thoungton, Tulton,
Vail, Wade, Walker, Warner,Cadwalader C. Washburne,
Watson, Wells, Wheeler, Wood, Woodwoith, Darnel B,
Wright, John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—89.
So the main question was ordered.
Pending the call,
Mr. 'COMINS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Hall, was detained at home by sickness.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays upon the amendment. It is the same
bill we defeated on the yeas and nays on Saturday
last.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. Wil] it be in order to move
to go to the business on the Speaker's table ;
The SPEAKER. It will not, the House having
ordered the main question to be put.
The question was taken; and it was dccided in
the negative—yeas 61, nays 125; as follows:
YEAS—Mefc&rn. Albright, Alli&on, Baibour, Bingham,
Buhop, Bradshaw, Bioom, James H. Campbell, Lm'hD.
Campbell, Craige, Dean, Dick, Dickson, Edie, Etheiidge,
Henry M. Fuller, Granger, Hailan, Harnson, Horje^, Ilol-
loway, Thomas II. Iloiton, Valentine B. Iloiton, Howaid,
Kelly, Kelsey. Kennett, Knight, Knox, Lake, Letcher,
Alexander K. Marshall,McMulhn, Millwaid, Mooie, Mot-
rin, Mun ay, Nichols, Norton, Paine, Parker, Pclton, Pemt,
Powell, Pui viance, Ready, Roberts, Robi«on, Sncrc, Slier-
man, Simmons, William Smith, Stanton, Stianahan,
Thuisfon, Todd, Valk, Wakeinan, Williams, Woodwoiihj
and Zolheofler—61.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Ball, Barclay, Ilemy Ben-
nett, liendley S. Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghim.t, Bocock,
Bowie, Bovce, Branch, Brenton, Buffinton. Builui^amc,
Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Carlile, Ca: uUi^r-3,
Caskie, Chaffee, Chn-rman, Williamson K W. Cobb, Cu-
mins, Covodc, Cox, Ciagin, Crau'.ord, Calk n, C.m>back,
Damrell, Davidson, Jacob C. Davis, Day, Denvn, DowdelL
Dunn, Elliott, English, Eustis, Evan?, Fauiknri Floicnr-e,
Foster, Thomas J. I>. Fuller, Galloway, Cunett, Goode,
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Hati.s, Sa'np-on
W. Harris, ThomaS 1^. Hairis, Haven, Ilcib.^it, ilojiman,
Houston. Hughston, Jewett, Georse W. Jones, J. Glaury
Jone«, King, Knapp, Knowlton, Letter, Lumpkin, .Mace,
Ilumphiey Marshall, Samuel S. Mauliall, Mauvdl. Me-
Carty, McQueen, Killian Miller, Smith M.lior, MiiUon,
Morgan, Mott, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Packer, Peck.
Pringle, Quitman, Rjcaud, Ritchie, Robbms. Ruffin, Uu't,
Sabm, Sandidge, Sapp, Savaec, Scott, ScwauK SljOMe**,
Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Spmnei,
Stcwait, Talbott, Tappan, Thormgton, Traiton, T\s'in,
Underwood, Vail, Wade, Walbudge, Waldron, Walker,
Warner, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Israel 'Wabhhurn,
Vv'atson, Wells, Wlieeler, Whitney. Wmslow, Wood,
Woodruff, Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wnght—135.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read the third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved the previ-
ous question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. CRAWFORD moved to lay the bill upon
the table, and upon it called the yeas and nays.
