966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
atives by the resolution of said House, dated July 7,1856,
$183,763 85; Provided, That one copy only of Hickey's
Constitution shall be purchased for, and distributed to, each
of Kie new members of the House," and insert:
Fifty thousand dollars to indemnify the Clerk of the House
of Representatives for what may have been paid out by him
for the purchase of books under resolution of said House of
July 7,1858: Provided, That the accounts of the Clerk shall
be submitted to the accounting officers of the Treasury, and
he shall be allowed for the sum or sums which shall be le-
gally proven to have been actually and unconditionally here-
tofore expended by him in the purchase of any books under
the resolution aforesaid; and that all books on hand, or
which may not have been distributed after having been so
purchased by the Clerk, shall be by him deposited in the
Library of Congrcss/or the use of the United States: And
also further provided, That any member or members who
may have received said books, or any pari thereof, shall
account for the same at the cost prices paid by the Clerk,
and the same shall be deducted from the pay and compen-
sation of said member or members, unless he or they shall
return said books to the Clerk, to be by him deposited as
aforesaid.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that that amendment
be concurred in; and I call the yeas and nays upon
that motion.
Mr. BARCLAY. I move to lay the motion of
the gentleman from Virginia on the table.
The SPEAKER. The motion would carry the
bill with it.
Mr. BARCLAY. Then I withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. CAMPBELL, ofOhio, moved the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 90, nays 93; as follows:
YJEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Hendlcy S. Bennett, Bingham, Bocock, Branch, Burnett,
Cadwalader, James II. Campbell, Carhle, Caruthers, Cas-
kie, Chnginan, Williamson 11. YV. Cobb, Colfax, Craigc,
Crawford, Oumback, Pavid.-on, Day, Dowdell, Elliott,
English, Ethendgc, Poster, Thomas J. 1). Fuller, Goode,
Greenwood, Harlan, Sumpson W. Harris, Thomas L. Hur-
ns, Haven, Hoffman, Vulenunc IJ. HorUm, Houston, Jew-
ett, Geoigu W Jones?, ICeitt, Ividwell, Knox, Kunkel, Lake,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, Mc-
Mullm, McQuonn, Smith Miller, MjIIsoii, Morgan, Moruli,
iVlott, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Oir, Packer, Parker, Petfif,
1'owell, Quitman, Ruflin, tiapp, Savage, Scott, Sewaid,
Shorter, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, YV'illiam Smith, Wil-
liam R. Smith, Spinner, Smnton, Talbott, Tapp-m, Taylor,
Todd, Wade, Walceinan, IVnlknr,Warner, Elhhu tt.Waf.il-
bume, Wheeler, Winslow, Woodworth, Daniel B. Wright,
and John V. Wright—90.
NAYS — Alters, Albright, Barclay, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Bilhnghursr, Bishop, Bowie, Bradshaw,
Bienton, Broom, Buflinton, Burhngame, John P. Camp-
bell, Lewis 1). Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, E/.ra
Clark, dawson, Com ins, Cragm,Cullen, Dainrell, Timothy
Davis, Dean, Do Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dndd, Dunn, Edie,
Emrie, EusrU, Evans, FJoreneo, Henry M. Fuller, Gran-
gei, Augustus Hall, J. Morn-on Hams, Harrison, Herbert,
H'xfgch, flolloway. Thomas R, lloiton, Howard, Hujjh-
hton, K^lsey, Kennett, King, Knapp, Kmghf, Knowlton,
Letter, Lmdlcy, Ale.xanck't K. M.uvliall, ftleCartj-, Killum
M tiler, Mill wo id. Moore, Motrison, Murraj', NiolioU, Paine,
Peek, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pringle, Ilicaud, Robbms,
Robi-sOn, Sabin, Sage, Sandidge, Slictman, Stieed, Stewart,
titrauahan, Swope, Thoiington,Thursion,Trafton, Under-
wood, Vail, Valk, Walhndge, Waldron, Cadwalader C.
Wa^hbume, Wells, Whitney, Williams, Wood, and Wood-
rutf—y;i.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BOYCE stated that upon this question he
had paired off with Mr. Denver, he (Mr. Boyce)
being opposed to making any appropriation for
the booKS, and Mr. Denver being in favor of the
appropriation.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote just taken; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Bills upon the Speaker's table were then taken
up m their order, and disposed of as follows:
ENTRIES UNDER THE GRADUATION ACT.
* An act (H. R. No. 804) to confirm certain
entries of land therein named.
The SPEAKER stated that the bill had been
returned from the Senate with sundry amend-
ments.
Mr. HOUSTON called for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was taken on the amendments of
the Senate cn masse, and they were concurred in.
COMMANDER JOHN L. SAUNDERS.
An act (H. R. No. 405) for the relief of Com-
mander John L. Saunders.
The SPEAKER stated that the bill had been
returned from the Senate with the following
amendment:
Stiike out" $250," and insert in lieu thereof the follow-
ing words: "$10 a day from the 9th of September, l$4o,
to the 16th of September, 1845, both inclusive."
Mr. MILLSON. The amendment of the Sen-
ate reduces the amount of the House bill about
one half; and I ask that the House concur in that
amendment.
Mr. HAVEN. I think it is right, and I hope
it will be concurred in.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
"WOLF ISLAND.
A resolution (S. No. 30) concerning "Wolf
Island.
The resolution was read a first and second time
by its title.
The resolution provides that the United States
hereby disclaim all title to any and all lands on
Wolf Island, in the Mississippi river, provided,
that nothing herein contained shall be construed as
in any manner affecting the jurisdiction over said
islanu as between the States of Kentucky and
Missouri.
The resolution was ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The House divided; and there were — ayes
fifty-one, noes not counted.
Mr. BURNETT. Is it in order to withdraw
the call for the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous consent.
Mr. THORINGTON. 1 object.
Mr. BURNETT. If the House will give me
its attention, I will satisfy every gentleman upon
-this floor, except the members from Missouri,
that this resolution is right, and ought to pass.
If gentlemen have j^iven their attention to the
language of the resolution which has passed the
Senate, and is now belbio the House, they will
at once see that there is nothing in it except a
release on the part of the General "Government of
all title to the lands on Wolf island. This island
is situated in the Mississippi river, just below
the mouth of the Ohio, and foims a part of Hick-
man county, in the State of Kentucky.
The House, Mr. Speaker, may well be struck
with surprise that there is a necessity for this
resolution at all. Its necessity, sir, is caused by
the conduct of the State of Missouri, which has
set up a claim to the, territory comprising this
island, and during the last session of this Con-
gress has made application at the General Land
Office through one of her Representatives, [my
friend, Mr. Carutiiers,] to have these lands
brought into market and sold — the result of
which would be to deprive the State of Kentucky
of her jurisdiction over said island; to takeaway
from her a portion of her citizcns, and that against
their earnest remonstrance; and to rob them of
their homesteads, the title to which they have
acquired under her broad seal. Missouri claims
that this island constituted a part of the Louisiana
purchase. This I utterly deny. It has never be-
fore, sir, been considered a part of said purchase;
it has never, in the remotest degree, been regarded
as a portion of the same; the jurisdiction of Ken-
tucky over it has, up to this tune, never been
questioned. Even admitting, sir, that Missouri
be right, and that Wolf island was a part of the
Louisiana purchase, then, by reference to the
treaty of 1783, and the act of Congress authoriz-
ing the people of the Territory of Missouri to
form a State government, it will be seen that the
middle of the Mississippi is recognized as the
boundary line between the two States. In tins
connection I will refer to the decision of Mr.
Chief Justice Marshall in the ease of Handley's
lessee vs. Anthony, (5 Wheaton, 374,) m which
he lays down the principle, " That where agreat
river is the boundary between two nations or
States, if the original property is m neither, and
there be no convention respecting it, each holds
to the middle of the stream."
Let us, Mr. Speaker, apply this principle to
the case at issue, and we can easily determine the
question. Where was the channel of the Mis-
sissippi at the time of the Louisiana purchase ?
If we knew that fact, and Missouri be right—that
Wolf Island constituted a part of the Louisiana
purchase—then the question would at once be
decided. By reference to the report of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands of the Senate made upon
this subject, it will be seen that the Commissioner
of the Land Office,in 1843, directed the surveyor
general of Missouri to take proof, and report to
his office, as to* where the main channel of the
Mississippi was in 1783. The House must rec-
ollect that the officer thus detailed to make this
examination was a citizen of Missouri; that the
witnesses were all Missourians; and that his offi-
cial course, and their evidence, if prejudiced at
all, was biased in favor of Missouri; and that it
was all ex parte—the State of Kentucky, nor her
citizens who occupied the lands on the island,
having received no notice of any such examina-
tion. Notwithstanding all this, by reference to
the testimony taken by said surveyor general, all
of which is embraced in the report before referred
to, it will be seen that the weight of the testimony,
which extends back as far as 1814, shows con-
clusively that the main channel of the Missis-
sippi river was on the west, and not the east side
of this island. The proof which has been taken
since by the occupants of this land, claiming under
Kentucky, adduced from witnesses who have been
steamboatmen on the Mississippi river, shows
that, as far back as they can recollect—some of
them even so far antecedent as 1807—the main
channel was, as is shown by the other evidence,
on the west and not on the east side of Wolf Is-
land. If, then, Mr. Speaker, we take the Mis-
souri view of the question, and decide itupon her
showing of the case, she has no claim whatever
to jurisdiction over said island, nor did the Gen-
eral Government ever have any title to said
lands.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if the House will indulge
me, I ask its attention while I present a brief his-
tory of the settlement and occupation of said
island. I refer again to the report of the Senate
Committee on Public Lands, from which it will
be seen that, as far back as February, 1782, Jacob
Myers and William Shannon, as tenants in com-
mon, entered five thousand acres of land on Wolf
island upon Virginia treasury warrants. It will
also be seen that those lands have been held by
those parties and those claiming under them to
the present time. In 1837,the Legislature of Ken-
tucky conferred upon certain commissioners full
power to grant, sell, and dispose of, all the islands
in the Mississippi river which belonged to that
State. Said islands are known as Nos. 1, 2, 3,
4.5, and 8, (which is Wolf Island.) These lands
were accordingly sold; and the purchasers, or
those claiming under them, have ever since listed
the same for taxation, and paid taxes thereon
to the State of Kentucky. The State of Missouri,
thiough its officers, has never attempted to cxer-
cise any jurisdiction whatever over either Wolf
Island, or any other island in the Mississippi
river opposite to the State of Kentucky.
Mr. Speaker, the occupants of these lands—
some of them the original settlers, and the others
the descendants of those who have died—moved
to that country when that portion of Kentucky
west of the Tennessee river was inhabited by the
Indians. They went there and took up their
homes in that then wild domain. They bore all
the hazards and hardships of its early settlement.
They have transformed it from useless wilds into
fine farms. Some of them have their all in their
homesteads on Wolf Island—homesteads, the
titles to which are derived from the location of
Virginia warrants, and from purchases made at
sales ordered by the Commonwealth of Kentucky,
as I have before stated. What, sir, will be the
result of this Government asserting a title to that
island? It will be to force these worthy men
into a litigation either with the General Govern-
ment, or parties in the State of Missouri, who
have made entries at the land office in Jackson, in
said State, with a view of robbing these rightful
owners of their homes, which have now become
very valuable. These men, who, in my judg-
ment, might be properly styled land pirates, are
the only persons who are to be benefited by the
defeat of the Senate's resolution, if they could
induce the General Government to bring these
lands into market, recognize their entries, and
grant them their patents, they would then be m
a position where they might bring their action
of ejectment, and either destroy these rightful
owners, by depriving them of their titles, or ruin
