070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I am
posud; a ad I ask not delay for myself.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Therefore I de-
cline to yHd to the appeal he makes for delay.
Hr. POTlVfANCE. We should like the in-
formation the gentleman from Ohio has upon the
subject.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. We are too near
the close of the session for long speeches. I do
not know that I can give the gentleman from the
Pittsburg district all the information he desires;
nor can I undertake to say that I can enlighten
him upon this subject at all. I can state in a very
few words the general features of this bill, as
recommended in a spirit of concession from all
sides, and the changes which have been made by
the committee of conference upon the bill which
passed the House.
L*'t it be borne in mind that this question of a
taiiff ought to be withdrawn from the party poli-
tics of the times; and let it be borne in mind that
however objectionable may be the report which
lias just been read, it is a report unanimously
agreed to by members of both branches of Con-
gress, from different sections of the country, and
of the contending political parties of the day, com-
posing the committee of conference, to whom the
delicate and responsible task was assigned, it is
not such a bill as suits me; and I am authorized
to Bv y, there is no one member of the committee
of conferencc who is entirely satisfied with the
bill, or who would #dopt it as his own measure.
But concessions were mutually made, which the
exigency of the occasion seemed to demand, and
without which no measure of relief could be
adopted.
In the first place, the hundred per cent, sched-
ule, and so much of the old forty per cent, sched-
ule as is not reduced to the low schedules or free
list, are brought down to the thirty per cent. list.
Isearly all the forty per Cent schedule, including
all tiie spices and article.'* not produced in this
country,-and which enter into the general con-
sumption of all classes of society, are either
brought down to I he free list or to the four per
cent, schedule. Ai tides arc brought down ftom
the thirty percent, schedule to these lower sched-
ules or to i he free list. The same is the case with
the intermediate schedules of the act of ]tf46,
between thirty per cent, and the free list. The
House committee yielded to the amendment of
the Senate, which proposes a reduction of the
one hundred and the forty per ccnt. schedule to
thirty per cent.; u,;d in the compromise of the
matter havo procured substantially our free list,
yielding some innnatciial points in that respect.
.The other schedules of 184G, with a few excep-
tions, are reduced twenty per cent. By this ad-
justment, winch, as an individual member of the
committee, I could approve only to save the bill,
the remainder of the' thiity per cent, is brought
down to twenty-four per cent; the twenty-five per
ccnt. schedule is brought down to nineteen per
ccnt.; the twenty per cent, schedule to fifteen per
cent.; the fifteen per cent, schedule to twelve per
cent.; the ton percent, schedule to eight per cent.;
and that pait of the old five per cent, schedule
which was not absorbed by the House free list,
is brought down to four per cent.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman from Ohio inform the House how
much direct reduction of the tariff is contemplated
by the bill now reported by the committee of
conference ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The committee
of conference, notwithstanding that it has labored
on this subject day and night since it was ap-
pointed, has not had sufficient time to make the
calculation; and the gentleman from Pennsylvania
well knew that fact, I presume, when he put the
question.^ Human sagacity cannot foresee the
precise effects upon the revenue which any system
would pioduce.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I under-
stood from the clerk of the committee, that the
reduction would be about $4,000,000 — some
$2,000,000 less than that contemplated in the
House bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. In the higher
schvduh's you will have a reduction, taking the
impoitations of the last year as the basis of cal-
culation, of about $3,000,000; and if the importa-
tions of articles in the intermediate schedules are
no more in the future than they were last year,
you will have an aggregate reduction of about
$14,000,GOO.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. On the
basis of last year?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have explained,
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania certainly
understands what I say, that on the basis of the
importations of last year (and we have no other
data on which to make calculations) the reduc-
tion will be to the amount I have mentioned. But
I want to have it distinctly understood, that I am
not prepared to say what the future may show in
regard to this matter of reducing the revenue.
The effect will depend upon contingencies which
may happen, and which human sagacity cannot
foresee. The reduction of revenue is one great
object to be accomplished. My opinion is, that
the true principle upon which to accomplish this
is either to sink articles imported to the free list,
or raise them towards the point of prohibition.
Everything brought to either point is a positive
reduction of revenue. Any other system is wholly
unreliable.
I am satisfied, in view of all the circumstances
which surround this great question, that the pas-
sage of this bill will give relief to the country,
and stimulate and strengthen American industry,
whatever may be its effect upon the revenue.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky. I want to
know what reduction of the duty on iron is rec-
ommended ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Kentucky calls my attention to the matter
of iron. £ may safely say that X am as true a
friend to that great interest as any other man in
this House, whether he comes from Pennsylvania
or Kentucky. We have treated iron and sugar
and hemp and lead on the principle of equality,
making the same percentage reduction on each.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky. The people
of Kentucky have no objection whatever to that
feature of the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. X am very glad
that the gentleman from Kentucky is willing to
take this feature of the bill, because Kentucky
has a growing iron interest, as Ohio has; and I
behove that that great interest may well afford a
reduction of duty in order to have stability and
permanency, and in order to have the question
withdrawn from the party politics of the times,
and placed on a firm and stable basis. Besides,
the adjustment will lclicve that interest from the
dangers of having past duties refunded on rail-
road iron, and the admission of it free of duty in
the future.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, my colleague [Mr.
Campbell] remarked, a moment ago, that the
Kentuckians were willing to have a reduction of
the duty on iron. My colleague, I presume, spoke
for himself and that portion of Kentucky which
he represents. I wish to say for myself, and the
constituents whom I represent, that we desire no
such reduction.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky. I wish the
country to understand that my section of the
State, embracing the Cumberland river, produces
ten times the quantity of iron that the section
represented by my colleague does, and that we
ask no protection from the General Government
| in connection with the production of iron, as the
State of Pennsylvania does.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act for the relief of Commander John L.
Saunders; and
An act to confirm certain entries of land therein
named.
THE TARIFF AGAIN.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Could I have
my way in the arrangement of this question of
the tariff, I would have every pound of iron that
is used in constructing the railroads of the coun-
try taken from the mines of America, and wrought
\ by the hands of Americans. I believe that, if
| this question were settled, taken, as I said, from
j the^arena of party politics, and placed upon the
j basis reported by the committee of conference as
. a finality, Pennsylvania will, before many years
j roll around, reap a rich harvest from the bill; but
f if Pennsylvania will cling to her old policy, which
sees no other interest .than her iron and coal, and
prevents the passage of this bill, upon the shoul-
ders of Pennsylvania must rest the responsibility,
not upon mine.
I feel the importance of this question. I feel
that we are forced to meet a crisis in the public
affairs of the times; and I cannot, looking at the
condition of other public business, agree to con-
sume more time. I am, therefore, willing to
trust this measure to the House, and to meet the
responsibilities of my identity with it before the
country, if it become a law. I therefore ask the
previous question.
Mr. KUNKEL addressed the Chair.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I wish
to know whether debate is in order?
TheSPEAKER. Debateisnotinorderpending
the call for the previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I have
had no opportunity of discussing this bill, or
replying to the gentleman from Ohio. I therefore
move to lay the report on the table; and on that
motion demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. STANTON. And that the bill be printed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is not in order to pro- *
vide for printing it.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Does that mo-
tion carry the bill with it?
The SPEAKER. It does.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 69, nays 127; as follows:
YEAS—'Messrs. Aker=?, Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Barclay, BilJinghuist, Bingham, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton,
Broom, James II. Campbell, Colfax, Covode, Cox, Cragin,
Cumback, Dodd, Dunn, Edic, Henry M. Fuller,Galloway,
Granger, Ilarlan, Harrison, Hodges, Hoiloway, Howard,
Kelsey, Ivennett, King, Knight, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter,
Lmdley, McCarly, Millward, Moore, Morgan, Morrill,
Norton, Andrew OJiver3 Packer, Parker, Pock, Pettit,
Pringle, Purviance, Ricaud, Ritchie, Roberts, Robison,
Sabin, Sapp, Savage, Scott, Simmons, Stanton, Swope,
Thormgton, Todd, Tyson, Wade, Walbndgc, Waldron,
Watson, and Wood worth—69.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Henry Bennett, Hendley
>S. Bennett, Benson, Bishop, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Buf-
fmton, F.urlmgame, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Ca>kie, Chaffee, Bayaid Clarke, Ezra Clark,
Clingman, Williamson R. lv.Cobb,Comins, Ciaige, Craw-
I'ord, Cullrn, Dannell, Davidson, I-Icnrj' Winter Davis,
Jacob C. Davis, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Denvei.De
Witt, Dickson, Dowdeil, Durfee, Edmundson, Elliott, Etlr-
eridge, Evans, Faulkner, Fiagler, Florence, Foster, Thomas
J. D. Fuller, Garnett, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall,
J. Morrison Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Haven, Herbert,
Hoffman, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Ilorton, Hous-
ton, Jewett, George W. Jones, Kellj", Kidwcll, Knapp,
Knowlton, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Mace, Alexander K.
Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Max-
well, McMuilm, McQueen, Kilhan Miller, Smith Miller,
Million, Morrison, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Orr, Pelton,
Pennington, Pen y, Pike, Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Ready,
Robbins, Ruffin, Rust, Sage, Sandidge, Seward, Sherman,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith,
Spinner, Stewart, Stranahan, Talbott, Tappan, Taylor,
Thurston, Trafron, Underwood, Vail, Valk, Wakeman,
Walker, Warner, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Welch, WeJls, Wheeler,
Whitney, William?, Winslow, Wood, Woodruff, Daniel B.
Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolhcoffer—127.
So the House refused to lay the report upon
the table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. EUSTIS stated that if he had been within
the bar when his name was called, he should have
voted in the negative.
Mr. PURVIANCE moved that the House
adjourn; and demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative^—yeas 34, nays 154; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ball, Barclay, Bingham, Bliss,
Bradshaw, Broom, James H. Campbell, Covode, Cumback,
Dunn, Edie. Henry M. Fuller, Harlan, Hoiloway, George
W. Jones, Knight, Kunkel, Lindley, Millward, Moore,
Packer, Parker, Purviance, Ritchie, Roberts, Robison, Sav-
age, Scott, Simmons, Stanton, Todd, Waldron, and Wat-
son—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Albiight, Allen, Barbour,
Benson, Billinghurst, Bishop, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce,
Branch, Brenton, Buffinton, Burhngame, Burnett, Cad-
walader, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Carhle,
Caskie, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, Clingman,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Comins, Cox, Cragin,
Ciaige, Crawford, Cuilen, Dainrell, Davidson, Henry Winter
Davis, Jacob C. Davis, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Den-
ver, De Wilt, Dickson, Dodd, Dowdeil, Durfee, Edmund-
son, Elliott, Emrie, Ethendge, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner,
Flagler, Florence, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Garnett,
Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison "Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Hams, Harrison, Haven,
Herbert, Hoffman, Thomas R. Horton, "Valentine B. IJorton,
Houston, Howard, Hughston, Kelly, Kel^ey, Kidwell, King,
Knapp, Knowlton, Knox, Lake, Leiter, Letcher, Lumpkin,
Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S
