m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
ifte two Houses on the bill of the House (No, 636) making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment for thft year ending June 30, 1B58, have met, and
after fall and free conference have agreed to lecommend,
'&'n'd do recommend, to the respective Houses as follows:
The Senate do recedc from its twelfth amendment, and
$e House of Representatives do recede from their non-
cpBCurrenceinthe third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth,
'funth, tenth, eleventh, thirteenth, and fourteenth amend-
ments of the Senate.
WILLIAM M. GWIN,
THOMAS J. RUSK..
J. COLLAMEIt,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
H. WINTER DAVIS,
DANTEIsr MACE,
J. W. DENVER,
Managers on the part of the House.
The amendment from which the Senate recedes
is the following:
.Sec. 14. And be it farther enacted, That the principal
messengers in the offices of the Assistant Postmasters Gen-
eral be placed upon the same looting with the principal
messengers in the buteaus in the other Departments.
The committcc recommend that the House re-
cede from itsdisagreement to the following amend-
ments, as additional sections to the bill:
Third amendment:
Sec. 5. Jlndheil further cnacted, That the Postmaster
General he amhouzed and directed to continue the mail
service between Charleston, Key West, and Havana,
during the months of Aa^u-t and Septembei in each year,
for the icsidueof the contract teimot'the southern section,
jiy a competent steamer, as it is now being performed during
tea months or the year; and that to enable him to do so,
o sum not exceeding .$10,0(J0 per annum is hereby appro-
priated.
The contractor for carrying the mail over this
route under the existing contract, performs the
service in steamers during ten months in the
year, for winch §50,000 per annum is paid. This
is to extend the same service through the other
two months of the year, and to pay $10,000 per
annum additional compensation. This proposi-
tion has been unanimously agreed to by the Com-
mittees on the Post Office and Post Roads, in both
Houses.
Fourth amendment:
Sco. 6. Jlnd he it further enactcd, That the fourth sec-
tion of the act of Congress approved 5th of Augu>t, 18J4,
entitled u An act making applanations for the service of
the I'o&t Office D^paittnent during t lie fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 185J,5' he, and the same is heiehy, continued
for one year fiom August 5, 1857.
This amendment authorizes the postmaster of
this city to collcct, upon all documents mailed at
that office, one mill for every four pounds, and
the revenue derived therefrom is to be applied to
give the employes in that office §250 a year addi-
tional compensation; the excess, if any, is to be
paid into the Treasury. This has been done for
three or four years past, and this is simply to
continue it for one year longer.
Fifth amendment:
Sec. 7. Jlnd he it farther enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and lie h hereby, authorized to reexamine and
adjust all question! arming out of fiaes imposed upon the
contractor lor carrying the mails upon the Mississippi ■
river. I
Sixth amendment:
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it farther enae'ed, That the Postmaster j
Geueial be, and he is hereby, authorized and dueeted to !
cftimtuc tUu application of Vassal D. Puilvham, contractor 1
for cairynm the United skates mails on route 07, from Ban-
gor toCaiai;, in the State of Maine; and of Lewis; Ludlow,
contractor lor cairying the United States mails on loute
1242, hom Auburn to South Lansing, in the Stale of New
Vork, to bo iclcased from their respective contiacts, and
in his discretion to release either or both of them therefrom
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to understand
th is.
Mr. MACE. Underthe provisions of the law,
as it now stands, the Congress of the United
States has never conferred upon the Postmaster
General any power whatever to release any mail
contiactor under any circumstances whatever.
It is represented to the committees of the respect-
ive Houses, that these parties have taken con-
tracts which have already almost entirely ruined
them. That is the opinion of the Postmaster
General, and he would release them at once, if he
had the authority. This amendment merely gives
him the discretion to do it, if he sees proper.
Seventh amendment:
Sec. £ Jlnd be it further enacted, That the eighth section
of the act oi the cig'ircuuth of August, 1656, entitled " An
act making appioprnuons lor tiie seivice of ihe Po-t Office
Department," &<•.. bj construed as mandatory, and that
the Postmaster General be, and he is hereby, required to pay
to the said Giddings the sum of $33,600 pei annum, m lieu
of the contract pay on mail route No. 12900, as dueeted by
section, deducting payments heretofore made.
Eighth amendment:
Sec. 10. Jlnd, be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and he is hereby, authorized to contract for the
conveyance of the entire letter mail from such pointonthe
Mississippi river as the contractors may select, to Sail Fran-
cisco, m the State of California, for six years, at a cost not
exceeding §300,000 per annum for semi-monthly, $450,000
for weekly, and $600,000 for semi-weekly service, to he
performed semi-monthly, weekly, or semi-weekly, at the
option of the Postmaster General.
Ninth amendment:
Sec. 11. Jlnd, be it further enacted, That the contracts
shall require the service to be pej foiuied iu fiood four-horse
coaches or spring wagons suitable fnr the conveyance of
passengers as well as the safety and security of the mails.
Tenth amendment:
Sec. 12. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the contractors
shall have the light of preemption to three hundred and
twentyaere&for any lands not then disposed of orreserved,
at each point necessary for a station, not to be nearer than
ten miles fiom each other, and provided that-no mineral
lands shall thus be preempted.
Eleventh amendment:
Sec. 13. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said service
shall be performed within twenty-five days for each con-
tact; and that before entering into such contract the Post-
master General shall be satisfied of the ability and disposi-
tion of the parties bona jide and in good faith to pei form the
said contract, and shall require good and sufficient secuuty
for the perloimatico of the same; the seivice to commence
within twelve months after the signing of the contract.
Thirteenth amendment:
Sec. 15. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General of the United States he, and he is hereby, author-
ized and directed to aecopt the lowest bid offered and now
on record, (piovided the t«ame sha.l not excced ®2b 000 a
year for weekly services,) to convey the United Slates
maiKs in good and sufficient steamer or steamers under the
advertisement of the Postmaster General of January 19,
185.>, for proposals for conveying the United States mails
on Puget Sound, Washington Territory, and to contract
with tho bidder^ thereof to put into immediate operation
the said seivicc on Puget Sound, Washington Territory,
commencing at Olvutpia, and supplying Stedacoom, Seat-
tle, Pou Madron, Poi t Gamble, Poit Ludlow. Port Towns-
end, Pvnni-,V Cove, BelJiugham Bay, (Whcatcom,) Now
Dungencss, and such othn places on said louie as the Post-
master General may direct; said service to be paid lor out
oi'any money in the Trea^uiy not otherwise appiopuatcd :
Provided, That the 3aid service shall be performed in fir^t-
class steamboats, under the eighth section of the act ap-
piovcd Mai cli 1Sj5.
Mr. HOUSTON. It would much facilitate
our understanding with reference to these amend-
ments, if the gentleman would tells us, as he pio-
ceeds, what is the action of the committcc of con-
ference.
Mr. MACE. I will expl ain the amendment
last read. At the last session of Congress a bill
was passed, authorizing the Postmaster General
to put to service upon tliis route.
Mr. HOUSTON. It was not with reference
to that particularamcndmcnt I made my sugges-
tion, but to all the amendments.
Mr. MACE. The recommendation of the
j committcc is, that the House recede from its dis-
agreement to these amendments.
Mr. SMITII, of Yirgnna. I desire to know
why the Postmaster General is directed to give
the contract to that bidder?
Mr. MACE. I will explain it in a moment.
Last year the Postmaster General advertised for
proposals. A number of bids were made for the
purpose of performing this service. Among the
bids was one of Captain Scranton, and another
to peiform it for ^23,000, much the lowest bid
that was made on that occasion. The object of
making the stipulation is in o *der to have the ser-
vice go into operation at an early day. The com-
mittee believe that the bid is the lowest that could
be made.
Fourteenth amendment:
See. 16. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Trea;uiy be directed to pay to Geoige Whitman the
sum of ,^10,10.?, being the amount of a diaft issued m his
favor by the Postmaster General on the llthof August,1838,
upon the Po>tmastet at New Orleans, m payment of services
rendered by said Whitman as mail contractor, less $2,000 t
paid thereon, which diait was not satisfied by the drawer. '
The committee of conference recommend a con-
currence in all the amendments which have been
read.
Mr. LETCHER. What amendments do the
committee recommend a non-concurrence in ?
Mr. MACE. In the twelfth amendment-, which
is as follows:
Sec. 14. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the principal
messengers in the office of the Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eul be placed on the same footing with the principal mes-
sengers of thy bureaus in the other Departments.
Mr. STANTON. I want some explanation
of the seventh amendment of the Senate.
The amendment was read, as follows:.
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the eighth section
of the act of 18th August, 1856, entitled "An act making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment," &c., be consttued as mandatory; and that the Post-
master General be, and he hereby is, requued to pay to the
said Giddings the sum of $33,500 per annum, 11 fceu of the
contract pay on mail route No. 12900, as directed by said
section, deducting payments heretofore made.
Mr. MACK. The committee of conference
recommend a concurrence in that amendment.
At the last session of Congress Mr. Giddings,
being a contractor on the route from San Antonio
to Santa Fe, made an application for increased
pay, because of the loss of his horses, &c., de-
stroyed by Indian depredations. Congress, at the
last session, passed a law authorizing- the Post-
master General to pay him the sum of $33,500,
in lieu of his contract price; but the Postmaster
General refused to pay it. He held that the word
" authorized" left the matter to his discretion.
Mr. HOUSTON". The exact language of the
law was, that the Postmaster General was author-
ized to pay him, in lieu of his contract price, not
exceeding §33,500. The Postmaster General con-
strued the law as giving him authority to de-
termine on a price between the contract price and
$33,500, and so construing the law, allowed
$25,000.
Mr. MACE.- The gentleman is right,
Mr. WALKER. I am satisfied, that my col-
league is mistaken; and if the House will hear
me for a moment I will briefly give them a history
of this case.
Mr. HOUSTON. If I am mistaken I am mis-
taken as to the law.
Mr. WALKER. The claim of Mr. Giddings
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads; and that committee brought in
a bill accompanied by an elaborate report. The
Giddings claim was placed upon the General Post
OfTicc bill of the last session, in the Senate. And
if I remember the language of that amendment,
it simply authorized the Postmaster General to
pay him that sum, the words 44 not exceeding"
not beine: contained in it. At least that is my
recollection. The Postmaster General deemed it
his duty to wait until an explanatory act waa
passed, putting a construction upon the word
''authorized;*' and because the word was not
qualified by the word " directed," he declined
paying.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I would inquire whether
the amendment in which the committee recom-
mend the House to concur, proposes to deduct
the amount he has already received.
Mr. MACE. Yes; it deducts $25,000.
Mr. STANTON. Then I understand that the
Postmaster General considered, in his discretion,
the sum of $35,000 as the amount due; and the
committee propose to pay the difference between
|33,500 and $25,000.
Mr. MACE moved the previousquestiononthe
report of the committee of conference.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays upon agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it necessary to
take a vote upon the entire report?
The SPEAKER. Itis; and the gentleman from
Tennessee calls for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I call for tellers upon
agreeing to the report.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Greenwood
and Paine were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-—
ayes 95, noes 44.
So the report of the committee was agreed to.
Mr. ORR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report was agreed to; and also moved
*that the motion to reconsidcr be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
*iUlls, reported as truly enrolled an act for the
relief of Mary Hooker; when the Speaker signed
the same.
COMPILATION OF CONTESTED ELECTION
CASES.
The question recurred upon the motion to sus-
