1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
979
ing, and caused all the complaints against it that
have been made. If there be any evil in this
thing, the joint committee of the two Houses can
correct it without the resolution of the gentleman
from Illinois. I do not think there is any neces-
sity for printingtthis document as he proposes to
have it printed. It is no part of the commercial
.statistics. It is simply the annual return of the
Department, and can be as well printed in octavo
form as it can be in quarto form. That is the
point which I make. The gentleman from Illi-
nois is mistaken as to the character of the docu-
ment. I move the previous question.
* Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from Ohio to withdraw the call for the
previous question, so as to allow this letter to
he read. I think that the House has a right to
hear it.
Mr. NICHOLS. At the risk of losing my mo-
tion, I insist on the previous question.
Air. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Jones of
"Pennsylvania, and Hollowat, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 73, noes 46.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. NICHOLS moved to lay the resolution on
the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. NICHOLS. I desire to say that I moved
to lay the resolution on the table, not for the pur-
pose of preventing the printing of this document,
but that it may be printed in the usual way.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Puiiyear.
and Moriiill were appointed.
The House divided; -and the tellers reported—
thirty-seven in the affirmative—a farther count not
being demanded.
So the resolution was not agreed to
Mr, NICHOLS, I now move that the docu-
ment be laid on the table and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
EXTRA CLERICAL FORCE.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I desire to inform the
House, that in consequence of these repeated
suspensions of the rules and the passage of bills
which have not been engrossed, it will be utterly
impossible to have the bills engrossed without an
additional clerical force of atleastten. The House
will have, therefore, either to take a recess of six
hours or grant this additional force. T«hey can
choose which they please. I move that the Clerk
be authorized to increase his force ten, until the
close of the session.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I wish to know
whether these ten will receive the usual extra
compensation of ^250 each? I move to amend the
resolution by adding:
Provided, however, That they bhall not be entitled to ad-
ditional compensation.
Mr. DAVIDSON". I accept the amendment.
The motion as amended was then agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the same;
viz:
An act for the relief of John Riley, an Indian,
of the State of Michigan; and
An act to settle certain accounts between the
United States and the State of Mississippi and
other States.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask that the
House take up the amendments of the Senate to
the Navy appropriation bill.
There was no objection.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am directed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to recommend
a non-concurrence in those amendments, and to
ask for a committee of conference.
Mr. FLORENCE. I Cindcrstand that among
those amendments is the one for the construction j
of ten sloops-of-war, and I hope that will be con-
curred in.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope it will not
be concurred in. I call for the previous question
on the amendments.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask' that the
amendments be read.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to suspend
the rules, in order that the reading of the amend-
ments may be dispensed with.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I want the amend-
ments of the Senate read, so that we may know
what we are voting on.
The SPEAKER. The House has just sus-
pended its rules, so that it might dispense with
the reading of the Amendments.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. "Well, does that
appear upon the Journal?
The SPEAKER. It docs.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Did anybody on
God Almighty's earth ever before see such legis-
lative proceedings as we have had here for the
past two days? [Great laughter.]
The SPEAKER. That is not a question for
the Chair to answer. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We are called to
vote in the dark. There is no explanation of any
proposition, nor is any proposition read. It is a
burlesque of legislation.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question oracred to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
amendments on the table; knowing full well that
if the motion prevails it will carry the bill with it.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of order.
These amendments contain appropriations, and
under the rule must have their first consideration
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to sus-
pend the rules so that the amendments may be
now considered in the House.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. McMULLIN. I ask that there be some
explanation of these amendments from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. If it were earlier
in the session I would accommodate the gentle-
man, but it is too late now.
Mr. McMULLIN demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion to non-concur.
The yeas and nays were not-ordered.
Mr. McMULLIN. I am opposed to allowing j
the Committee of Ways and Means to do all the '
legislation for the country.
The question was taken; and the amendments
of the Senate were non-concurred in.
_ Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote just taken; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEE ON PRINTING.
Mr. NICHOLS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Printing on the part of the House to
make an adverse leport on the motion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] to print
extra copies of tire report of the Committee on
Territories on a bill (H. R. No. 799) for the re-
lief of the people of Kansas.
The report was laid upon the table.
Mr. NICHOLS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Printing on the part of the House to
report adversely on the motion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] to print twenty
thousand extra copies of the report of the Com-
mittee on Territories, accompanying Senate bill
(No. 356) to authorize the people of Kansas to
form a constitution and State government prepara-
tory to their admission into the Union oil an equal
footing with the original States.
The report was laid upon the table.
Mr. NICHOLS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Printing, on the part of the House, to
whom it was referred, to inquire into the expedi-
ency of printing extra copies of the report of the
Committee of Claims to accompany Senate bills
(No. 255) for the relief of the legal representatives
oj Rinaldo Johnson and of Ann E. Johnson,
deceased, and (No. 278) for the relief of William
G. Ridgley, and Hodges and Lansdale, or their
legal representatives, to report the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That it is unnecessary to print extra copies of
said report.
Mr. LETCHER. Those Sports were regarded
as matters of great importance at the time they
were prepared and presented for adoption. They
refer to a large number of claims, involving a
great amount of money, which have been pre-
sented here session aftersession, and were consid-
ered by the Committee of Claimsas presentingtbe
I most full, careful, and accurate review of all the
I facts connected with those claims that has been
: embraced in any report yet prepared by that com-
: mittee. The parties interested desire to go to the
Court of Claims with them; and as these reports
embrace a large amount of facts which bear upon
the consideration of the cases before that court, the
Committee of Claims unanimously agreed to ask
this House to publish an extra number of copies,
that we might have them here to furnish the court,
and be enabled to give to each one of these claim-
ants the grounds upon which the committee acted
in rejecting his application. I therefore move to
amend the resolution reported by the Committee
on Printing, by striking out all after the word
" resolved," and inserting in lieu thereof, " th&t
five thousand extra copies be printed;" and on
that amendment I call for the previous question.
Mr. NICHOLS, The Committee on Printing
are perfectly willing that the House shall, if it
pleases, adopt the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia.
Mr. LETCHER. What will it cost per copy?
Mr. NICHOLS. One cent.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The resolution as amended was adopted.
Mr. NICHOLS. I am directed by the Com-
i mittee on Piintine:, on the part of the House, to
whom it was referred, to inquire into the propriety
of printing fifty thousand copies of the report of
the committee to investigate certain charges of
corrupt combination on the part of members of
Congress, to report the following resolution;
Resolved, That there bo printed, for the use of the House
of Representatives, tt'ii thousand copies of said report; and
that there also be printed, as accompaniments of the same,
tin; i-iateuumts ami answeis of the parties implicated, fliea
Mtice the submission of said ropoit.
I call for the previous question.
Mr.*KELSEY. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the call for the previous question.
Mr. NICHOLS. I will for an amendment,
but not for debate.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to strike out " ten thou-
i sand,"and in lieu thereof insert "fifty thousand;"
and I renew the call for the previous question,
j My amendment is made at the unanimous request
: of the select committee,
■ Mr. McMULLIN. What will the work cost
per volume ?
i Air. NICHOLS. About thirty-seven and a
, half cents. I hope the amendment will be re-
! jected.
! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Who are to get
[ these books? To-morrow the term of office of
j many members will expire, and these documents
| will not be ready before the expiration of the
; present session.
j Mr. NICHOLS. Before this session closes I
i will submit a resolution to provide for the matter
1 suggested by thegentleman from Tennessee. The
pending resolution provides that these books shall
: be for the use of the members of the present Con-
i gress.
j Mr. BALL. I move that the resolution be laid
; on the tabic.
I Mr. McMULLIN. I call for tellers upon that
1 motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Branch and
•' Hughston were appointed.
Mr. LETCHER. If thismotion is carried will
it not carry with it the original resolution?
The SPEAKER. The resolution for printing
will be carried to the table.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 59, noes 55.
Mr. ORR. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 59, nays 89; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ball, Barbour, Henry Bennett, Hendjey
S. Bennett, Bilhnghurst, Bishop, Bliss, Brenton, Burlin-
game, Lewis D. Campbell, Ezra Clark? Cia\Vdon? Colfax,
