080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Timothy Davis,Dean, Dickson, 3>odd,Etheridge, Granger,
Harlan, Hodges, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton,
Howard, King, Knanp, Knox, Leiter, Humphrey Marshal!,
MeCarty, Kiilian Miller, Millson, Morgan, Morrill,Murray,
Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pennington, Pet-
tit, Pringle,Purviance,I%ryear, Ready, Sabiri, Sapp, Scott,
Simmons, Sneed, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Todd, Traf-
ton, Walbridge, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—59.
) NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Alters, Albright, Allison, Bowie,
Bradshaw, Branch, Broom, Buffinton, Cadwaiader, John
P, Campbell, Carlile, Caruthers, Caskie, Bayard Clarke,
CJingman,Williamson R. W. Cobb,Covode, Cragin, Craige,
Cullen, Cumback, Damrell, Henry Winter Davis, Day,
Denver, Dowdell, Durfee, Edmundson, Elliott, Emrie,
Eustis, Evans, Flagler, Florence, Foster,. Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Galloway, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall,
Sampson W. Hauls, Thomas L. Harris, Holloway, Hughs-
ton, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kelsey, Kcnnett, Letcher,
Mace, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McGucen, Smith
Miller, Moore, Morrison, Mott, Orr, Peck, Pelton, Powell,
Jticaud, Roberts, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Seward, Shorter,
Samuel A. Smith, William It. Smith, Spinner, Stewart,
Talbfctt, Taylor, Thorington, Thurston, Tyson, Vail, Wade,
Waldron, Warner, Cadwaiader C. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Winslow, and
John V. Wright—89.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
The question recurring on the amendment to
strike out "ten thousand," and insert " fifty thou-
sand," it was put; and decided in the negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. NICHOLS moved that the vote by which
the resolution was agreed to be reconsidered; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider bo laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. NICHOLS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Printing, on the part of the House, to
submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the list of private claims brought before
the Senate of the United States, be printed foi thu use of
the House ; one copy shall be s-upplicd to each committee-
room for the use of the committee*; ten copies shall be de-
posited in the Clerk's office for the use ot said oliice ; and
one hundred copies m the Library of the House for the use
of the members of the Ilouse.
Mr. BISHOP. That resolution is unanimously i
. recommended by the Committee of Claims, and j
is considered by them as very neccssary. j
Mr. NICHOLS. i call for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. NICHOLS moved thi\$ the vote by which i
the resolution was agreed to be reconsideied; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. NICHOLS. I am instructed by I he Com-
mittee on Printing:, on the part of the House, to j
submit the following resolution: |
Resolved, That theio be printed, for the u^r of the mem- j
heist of tins House, two hundred thousand extia copies of
the report of the Commissioner of Patent-* on agiitulisnc for ,
the year 1856, together with the plates, and ten thousand '
copies for the u e of the Patent Oilice; and th.it the Com- j
mlssumer of Patents lie authoi ized to add to the poition of his ,
report now before the Senate, such matter as may bo noeeri- ;
ssary to complete the same: Provided, The said additions \
shall not exceed in the aggregate the number of page* eon- j
t&rned in the icport upon the same subject lui the >c«ir 18r>o : I
•And provided further, That the entire amount of copy no- >
cessury to complete the said report he placed m the hands
of the public printer by or bd'oic the first da> of May next; ,
and no portion of paid copy shall bo placed in the hands of j
the public printer until the whole >liall be completed and j
delivered into the hands of the Supenntendentot the Public !
Printing. i
1 move the previous question on the adoption
of the resolution. >
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I should like to :
move to reduce the number. !
Mr. NICHOLS. I am directed by the Com- |
mittee on Printing to withdraw the previous ques- !
tion, if any membcrof the House wishes to move ■
to reduce the number, with the understanding '
that the motion shall be simply to reduce the num- j
ber.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I then move to i
strike out " two hundred thousand," and insert!
in lieu thereof" one hundred thousand." I would '
like also to move to strike out all that part of the j
resolution which allows the Commissioner to :
make a report at any time between now and the i
1st of May, and have it printed. j
Mr. NICHOLS. As the gentleman has sub- J
mitted the amendment, I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded; and the
wai^ question ordered
The question being on the amendment to strike
out " two hundred thousand," and insert " one
hundred thousand,"
Mr. PAINE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chaffee
and Orr were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 27, noes 95.
So the first branch of the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question was taken on the second branch
of the amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the resolution; and it
was adopted.
Mr. NICHOLS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. N., from the Committee on Printing, on
the part of the House, reported the following res-
olution, and moved the previous question:
Resolved, Thatthciebc printed of the report of the Re-
gents of the Smithsonian Institute ten thousand copies ;
seven thousand five hundred for the use of the members of
this House, and two thousand five hundred foi the use of
the Institute, estimated at forty-three ccnts pei copy.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is a thing
with which we have nothing to do. I move to
lay the resolution on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under its operation
the resolution was adopted.
Mr. NICHOLS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the mouon to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OF CHAPLAINS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. GRANGER. I ask the consent of the
House to take from the Speaker's table joint res-
olution (No. 59) relating to the compensation of
chaplains of Conrjess.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is that the regular
order?
The SPEAKER. It is not the regular order.
Mr. GRANGER. I move to suspend the rules.
The rules were suspended; and the joint reso-
lution was read a first and second time.
It directs that the chaplains of the two Houses
of Congress be paid on the last day of each month,
during the regular sessions of Congress, at the
rate of $750 per annum, beginning with the pres-
ent Congtess; and that at the end uf each regular
session they be paid the residue of said annual
salary.
The joint resolution was ordered to be read a
third time; and it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the !
resolution on the table. |
The motion was not agreed to.
The joint resolution was then passed.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled-
Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act for the .
relief of W. W. Wimmer, late postmaster of West
Zancsvillu, Ohio; and
An act making appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department during the fiscal
year ending 30th of June, 1S58; when the Speaker
signed the same.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Treasury Department on the
condition of the banks throughout the Union;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dicioxs, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had disagreed to the amendments
of the Blouse to an act (S. No. 586) to amend the
act reducing the duty on imports, and for other
purposes, passed 3uly 13, 1846, and asked for a
committee of conference.
Also, that the Senate had passed an act (H. R.
No. 634) making appropriations for fortifications
and other works of defense, and for repairs of
barracks and quarters for the year ending June
30,1858, with amendments; in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House. |j
PAY OF WEST POINT CADETS.
Mr. LETCHER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report a bill to in-
crease the pay of the cadets at the West Point
Academy.
Mr. HOUSTON. If not in #rder, I object to
the report.
The SPEAKER. It is the regular order of
business. It is a report made from the Committee
of Way§ and Means.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
Mr. HOUSTON. The committees are no£
under call.
The SPEAKER. They are until the House
proceed to other business.
Mr. HOUSTON. The House has been en-
gaged at other business.
The SPEAKER. The House is still engaged
in the consideration of business appertaining to
the morning hour.
Mr. LETCHER. I have been induced to pre-
sent this bill, because I satisfied myself last sum-
mer, on a visit to West Point, that the compen-
sation hitherto allowed to these boys is insufficient
for their support. I ascertained that fact by refer-
ence to the books of the students. I found that
there is usually a monthly deficiency of from two
to three dollars. The operation of the thing was
this: The father whose child was there, and who
was able to pay, could balance that account at the
end of each month, or at the end of each quarter;
but the boy of poor parents, or who had no father
or no guardian to pay up the balance, was, when
he entered the Army as a lieutenant, saddled with
this debt, and had it deducted regularly from
his compensation. Up to this time I have voted
against the increase; butl became satisfied, while
there j that there ought to be an increase, I have,
therefore, brought the matter this year to the at-
tention of the House. The Committee of Waya
and Means was unanimous in instructing me to
present this bill.
The bill was read twice. It raises the compen-
sation of the cadets at West Point to thirty dol-
lars per month, to take effect from and after the
passage of this act.
Mr. BENSON. I ask the gentleman from Vir-
ginia whether the same reasons do not exist for
raising the pay of the cadets at Annapolis?
Mr. LETCHER. I do not know whether they
do or not. 1 never heard that they did. 1 call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main qyestion oidered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. LETCHER demanded the i
tion on its passage.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. KNOWLTON called for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The*yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers.
Tollers were ordered; and Messrs. McMulliw
and Knowlton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes ninety-six, a further count not being de-
manded.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. LETCHER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
APPRAISEMENT OP IMPORTS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The Senate has
non-concurred in the amendment of the House to
the bill to amend the act reducing the duties on
imports, and for other purposes, passed July 13,
1846, winch was passed this morning, and have
asked a committee of conference on that amend-
ment. In my opinion, the House ought to recede
from its amendment; and I move that the House
do recede. *
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I concur in the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, but I ask that
the bill which was lajd on the table some time ago
for revising the collection districts, &c., be re-
ferred to the Secretary of the Treasury, with the
i pre\uous ques-
