1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
981
request that he will report it back at the next
session of Congress.
Mr. Fuller's request was acceded to by unan-
imous consent.
- The question ^vas then taken upon Mr. Camp-
bell's motion; and it was agreed to.
So the House receded from its amendment.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask that the bill
of the House (No. 634) making appropriations
for fortifications and other works of defense, and
for the repair of barracks and quarters, for the
year ending June 30, 1858, be taken up, and that
the House non-concur in the amendments of the
Senate, and ask a committee of confcrcncc; and
upon that motion I demand the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the
amendments of the Senate may be read, and a
separate vote taken on each amendment.
The amendments were read, as follows:
First amendment:
Page 1, after line fourteen, insert the following:
For fortifications at the entrance of Kennebec liver,
Maine, $100,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Page 1, after line fourteen, insert the following:
For the commencement of a fortification on uog Island
Ledge, in the Portland Harbor, Maine, $50,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
. Third amendment:
Page 1, after line eighteen, insert the following:
For fortifications at tlie entrance of Hew Bedford harbor,
$150,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Page I, after line twenty-four, insert the following:
Foi fortifications at Sandy Hook, New Jeiaey, outlet of
New York harbor, $->50,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers
on the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sage and
Nichols were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 94, noes 27.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
For the commencement of a fort opposite Fort Schuyler,
New York, $130,000.
■ Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kelly and
Buffinton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 86, noes 36.
So the amendment was concurred in^fc
Mr. WHITNEYmoved to reconsidcrthe vote
by which the amendment was concurred in; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to
Sixth amendment:
For the erection of a foit on the site of Fort Tompkins,
in the State of New York, $1."50,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Underwood
and Colfax were appointed.
• The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 80, noes 40.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
For the fortifications of Ship Island, coast of Mississippi,
$100,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, moved that
the vote by which the amendment was concurred
in be reconsidered; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Eighth amendment:
For fortifications for the defenses of the inner passes in
the Mobile Bay, known as Grant's Pass and Pass Au Ileron,
$100,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. WALKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Ninth amendment:
-For fortification for the defenses of the entrance to Gal-
Veston harbor and bay, Texas, $80,000.
The amendment was concurred in
Tenth amendment:
To purchase a site and construct additional defenses for
San Francisco, California, $300,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Sidney Webster, his Pri-
vate Secretary, informing the House that he had
this day approved and signed bills of the follow-
ing titles:
An act for the relief of Commander John L.
Saunders;
An act to authorize the issue of a register to the
bark Ann Elizabeth;
An act making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1858; _ m
An act to establish flfree additional land districts
in the Territory of Kansas;
An act to establish three additional land districts
in the Territory of Nebraska; and
An act to confirm certain entries of land therein
named.
"WILLIAM BURDELL AND OTHERS.
Mr. GALLOWAY. [ ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of
the Whole from the further consideration of a bill
(H. R. No. 412) for the relief of William 13ur-
dell, Samuel Medary, and William T. Martin, ad-
ministrator of the estate of Edgar Gale, deceased.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. GALLOWAY. Then I move tu suspend
the rules.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended.
The bill directs that William Euvdell and Samuel
Medary, and the estate of Edgar Gale, deceased,
who was co-surety with Burdell and Medary of
John T. Arthur, in his official bond executed
December 8,1847, as assistant quartermaster of
the Army of the United States, be released from
their liabilities on said bond, and from any suits
brought or judgment obtained thereon against
Burdell, Medary, and William T. Martin, as ad-
ministrator of the estate of Gale, all or anyof
them.
Mr. GALLOWAY. I call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Being engrossed, the bill was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. GALLOWAY moved that the vote by
which the bill was passed be reconsidered; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESIDENT ELECT.
Mr. FLORENCE. I was appointed as one of
a committee to notify the President and Vice
President elect of the fact of their election. 1 de-
sire at this time to report the action of the com-
mittee. The joint committee appointed by the
Senate and Plouse of Representatives to inform
the IJ on. James Buchanan that he was elected '
President of the United States for the constitu-
tional term commencing on the 4th uf Match,
1857, has performed its duty; and in signifying
his acceptance of the position, Mr. Buchanan
said:
" You will please to communicate to the respective !
Houses of Cungro«« my acceptance of the trust conhd<'d to I
me, and at the same time express to them my gratelul J
acknowledgment.-, and assure them of the deep sense of
obligation with whirh I regard this manifestation of confi-
dence on the part of my countiymen. It will be my earnest
endeavor to prove that their confidence has not been mis-
placcd."
The joint committee of the two Houses ap-
pointed to wait on John C. Breckinridge and in-
form him that he had been elected Vice President
of the United States for the constitutional term
commencing to-morrow, have directed me to re-
port to this Plouse that it has performed its duty;
and the gentleman, in signifying his acreptance
of the position, said:
"I accept with pleasure the office of Vice Piesidentof
the United States, to which yon now have officially in-
formed me that I have been clceted. It will be tny most
earnest endeavor to discharge the duties which belong to it
in such a manner as to merit the confidence wiuctrmy
countrymen have roposed in me."
MARY GAY.
Mr. WALDRON. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of putting an act (S. No.
450) for the relief of Mrs! Mary Gay on its pas-
sage.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know
if that is the regular order of business?
The SPEAKER. It is not the regular order
of business, but it is a privileged motion on this
day.
The rules were suspended.
Tl e bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to Mary Gay, widow of
William Gay, who was killed in the discharge of
his official duties in Kansas, $2,000, to cover his
salary, the amount of money of which he was
robbed, and the expenses of the widow and family
to their home in the State of Michigan.
Mr. WALDRON moved the previous question.
Mr. McMULLIN. I should like one of the
members of the Committee on Indian Affairs to
explain why this bill ought to pass. ■ '
Mr. PRINGLE. This is a Senate bill which
passed unanimously. It was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs. That committee, after
examining the matter, unanimously agreed to the
report.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was ordered to be read a third time; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WALDRON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
PORT OF ENTRY IN FLORIDA.
Mr. MAXWELL. I call up the motion which
I made some days since, to reconsider the vote
by which an act (S. No. 84) to establish a port
of entry at Fernandina, in the State of Florida,
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The vote was reconsidered.
The question recurred on the reference of the
bill; and it was not so referred.
The bill was then ordered to be read dfthird
time; and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. MAXWELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the tabic; which
latter motion was agreed to.
ADAM D. STEUART.
Mr. H. MARSHALL'. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table an act (S. No* 200) for the relief of Adam
D. Steuart.
Objection was made.
Mr. 11. MARSHALL. I move to suspend
the rules.
The rules were suspended; and the bill was
read a first and second time
It directs the Solicitor of the Treasury to remit
the unpaid balance (exclusive of costs) of a judg-
ment in favor of the United States against Adam
D. Steuart, rendered in the United States circuit
court for the District of Columbia, at the October
term, in 1852.
The second section directs that there be paid to
Adam D. Steuart, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, §638 8), it being
the amount paid by said Steuart into the Treas-
ury of the United States on the above-named
judgment.
Mr. II MARSHALL. I offer the following
amendment to the bill:
Strike out " $638 81," &c., and insert ".$7,297 50, that
beui"; the difference between the sum contracted to be paid
to hnn and that which lie received."
If the House indulge me a moment, 1 will state
that this amendment is in accordance with the
report of the Judiciary Committee of the Senate,
and is also in accordance with the view of the
Judiciary Committee of the House. It is a cor-
rect report. The clerk of the committee in the
Senate inserted §638 81, instead of $7,297 50,
which the committee reported in favor of. I now
call the previous question.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask the gentleman<*from
