THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March %
Kentucky whether the committee reports in favor
of this #7,997 50?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Yes; and if the gen-
tleman desire, I will hand in the report, and ask
that" it be read.
The report was read, as follows:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the memorial of Adam D. Steuart, late inspector of the
customs for the district of Michilimackinac, praying to be
released from a judgment obtained by the United States
against him, have had the same under consideration, and
report:
The memorialist represents that, in March, 1818, he was
appointed by the President of the United States collector
for the district of Michilimackinac, and held the office by
successive reappointment? until January 15, 1833; that in.
April, 1819, he was appointed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury inspector of the customs for the portot Michiluftack-
inac, and held his office under his oiiginal appointment
until January 15,1833; that his compensation as inspector
of customs was at first fixed by the Secretary at forty dol-
lars per month, but in April, 1820, was increased by him to
three dollars per day, or $>1,095 per annum, maximum com-
pensation allowed by law to a permanent inspector of the
customs; that he continued to be paid at this rate until
July 1,1822, when an act of Congress went into operation,
of May 7,1822J entitled An act to establish the compen-
sation of officers of the customs, and to alter certain col-
lection districts, and for other purposes," the eighteenth
section of which provides thatno collector, surveyor, or
naval officer shall ever receive more than four hundred dol-
lars annually, exclusive of his compensation as collector,
surveyor, or naval officcr, and the fines and forfeitures al-
lowed by law for any services which he may perform for
the United States in any other office or capacity."
The memorialist further represents that alter said date
he transmitted his accounts as before, containing the same
charges for services as inspector, which he had before re-
ceived; that the accounting officers of the Tieasury De-
partment, construing the act of May 7,1822, as applicable
to this case, disallowed these charges, and subsequently
credited the memoriahstatthe rate of $400 per annum; that
the memorialist was not then fully advised oi the grounds
of this proceeding, and supposed that the Secretary of the
Treasury, in the exercise of his legal control over the sub-
ject-matter,had probably established a new rate of compen-
sation from July 1,1822, and acquiesced, for the tune, in
the expectation of having any errors corrected in the final
settlement of his accounts. That in January, 1833, being
in Washington, and proceeding to a final settlement of his
accounts, he ascertained that the sole giouml of the rejec-
tions and allowances aforesaid by the accounting officer
was, that they construed the act of Congress afoie-?aid
as operating to reduce his pay as inspector to per
annum. The memorialist further repievents that he was
advised by eminent counsel that the law could not be con-
strued to apply to cases like his, in which the same peison
holds distinct and independent otficcs, butonly to incidental
or extra services performed by the collector, survcyoi, or
naval officer; and he accordingly claimed credit in Ins ac-
countsjfor the difference between his lull pay as fixed m
1820, viz: $1,095 per annum, and the amount actually le-
ceivcd by him, viz : $400 per annum, for the period between
July 1,1822, and December, 1832, amounting to ,$7,297 50 ;
this was refused, and an amicablc suit was brought against
the memorialist, in the circuit court of the Di-rnct of Co-
lumbia, for a small balance ot $638 81, which would be due
upon the principles adopted by the accounting officers, in
order to have a judicial decision upon the eonstiuetion of
the act of May, 1892.
After a long delay the case was brought to trial, and the
memorialist failed in conscquence of a difteiener of opinion
between the two judges present, upon an application for
instructions to the jury. The case was carried to the Su-
preme Court, and has recently been decided. The Supicme
Court seems to sustain the memorialist in Ins conduction
of the law of May, 1822, but decided adversely to him upon
grounds which were never taken by the Treasuiy Depart-
ment or in the court below, and winch he submits cannot
be assumed by the Government consistently with equity
and good faith, to wit: that the two offices of collector and
inspector of the customs were by law incompatible, and the
memorialist's appointment as inspector was illegal. Though
the memorialist, in point of fact, filled an office created by
law, and rendered services for the compensation established
by law, the Government, after having the benefit of his ser-
vices, withholds the legal and stipulated pav for them, not
because of any neglect of duty by the memorialist, but be-
cause the Secretary erred in making the appointment, and
it was supposed to be against the policy of the law to vest
the two offices of collector and inspector in the nune per-
son, the former being, to some extent, supervisory of the
latter, and such appointment affording facilities for traud
and neglect of duty, neither of which is pretended, how-
ever, in the case of the memorialist.
The memorialist had supposed that after the scrvice had
been rendered m an office, on the faith of an appointment
by the head of a Department, noqucstion could he raisedas
to the validity of the appointment, and supposed it to have
been so decided by the Supreme Court.
The judgment rendered against the memorialist was for
the balance aloiesaid, of $638 81, with interest from Janu-
ary 30,1833. From the tune of the institution of the suit,
the memorialist was anxious and made strenuous efforts to
have a speedy decision, having so large an amount at stake;
but from changes in the office of the district attorney, and
other causes over which he had no control, the suit was not
brought to trial in the circuit court until the October term
of said court, A. D. 1852, or finally decided in the Supreme
Court until the last term of said court. Meanwhile the in-
terest has so accumulated as laigely to exceed the princi-
pal. The long delay in the determination of the said suit
has not been caused by any act of the memorialist.
The committee, after a caiefnl examination of the case,
are of opinion, that, as the memorialist performed the du-
ties of the two offices in good faith, under the belief that
the G^veinmeat would allow the usual compensation for
the same, and the services having been accepted by the
Government, he is fairly entitled to the compensation stip-
ulated. In the case of the United States vs. McDamel, (7
Peters, p 16,) this question seems to have been considered.
The court said " that the Government* does not deny the
performance of the services by the defendant, nor that they
do in equity entitle him to compensation; but as his ap-
pointment was without legal authority, it is insisted that
he can obtain compensation only by application to Con-
gress." * * * <4 it would be a novel principle to refuse
payment to the subordinates of a Department, because their
chief, under whose direction they have faithfully served
the public, had mistaken his own powers, and had-given an
erroneous construction to the law."
The committee are of opinion, that the eighteenth section
of the act approved May 7,1822, applied only to such occa-
sional services as were lendered by the memorialist in his
capacity as collector, and not to the compensation provided
by law for a separate office like that of inspector. The case
of the United States vs. Morse, (3 Story, p. 87,) is directly m
point.
The committee report a bill for the relief of the memori-
alist.
Mr. H. MARSHALL,^ I will merely state
that this $7,297 is exactly difference between
the $2,000 per annum and the contract price. I
call the previous question.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Kentucky whether this does not belong
to a class of cases which ought to go to the Court
of Claims?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I think not; I think
it is a case that ought to go right through this
House.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was accordingly read the third time,
Mr. H. MARSHALL demanded the previous
question on its passage.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be now put; and under
the operation thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. H. MARSHALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and also moved
to Jay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
GEORGE CIIOHPENNING, JR.
Mr. MACK. I move that the Committee of
the Whole House be discharged from the further
consideration of the House bill (No. 541) for the
relief of George Chorpenning, Jr.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. MACE. I move to suspend the rules for
the purpose I have indicated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Marshall
of Illinois, and Puryiance were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 101, noes 18.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds hav-
ing voted in favor thereof,)
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate insisted on its amendments
to the Navy appropriation bill disagreed to by the
House, and agreed to the committee of conference
asked for by the House; and appointed Messrs.
Brodhead, Mallory, and Fitch, as managers
of said conference on its part.
GEORGE CHORPENNING, JR. AGAIN.
The bill of the House (No. 541) was reported.
It provides, first, that the accounting officers
of the Treasury be required to allow and pay to
George Chorpenning, Jr., $40,000, for Indian
depredations committed upon the mail trains be-
tween Salt Lake and California during the con-
tracts of Woodward & Chorpenning, and during
the present contract of Chorpenning, up to the 1st
of July, 1S55.
Second. That the Postmaster General be re-
quired to adjust and settle the claim of Chorpen-
ning, as surviving partner of Woodward & Chor-
penning, and in his own right, for carrying the
mails by San Pedro, and for supplying the post
office in Carson's Valley, and also for carrying
part of the Independence mail by California,
allowing a pro rata increase of compensation for
the distance by San Pedro, for the scrvice to Car-
son's Valley, and for such part of the eastern mail
as was carried by California, during all the time
when the services were performed, as shown in
the affidavits and proofs on f.le in tne House of
Representatives.
Third. That the Postmaster General be required
to adjust and settle the claim of Chorpenning, as
surviving partner of Woodward & Chorpenning,
for damages on account of the annulment or sus-
pension of Woodward & Chorpenning 5s contract.
for carrying the United States nftul from Sacra-
mento, in California, to Salt Lake, in Utah Ter-
ritory, as shown in the affidavits and proofs on
file in the House of Representatives.
Fourth. That the Postmaster General be re-
quired to allow and pay to Chorpenning his full
contract pay, during the suspension of Wood-
ward & Chorpenning's contract in 1852 and 1853,
and also to allow and pay to Chorpenning $30,000
per annum from April 22, 1853, when he was
ordered to resume service under the contract of
Woodward & Chorpen'ning, down to the term-
ination of his present contract; which sum shall
be in lieu of the contract pay under both con-
tracts. And the sums in the act authorized to be
allowed shall be paid out of the Treasury.
Mr. WALKER. I offer the following amend-
ment, which meets with the concurrence of the
gentleman from Indiana, and of the claimant in
this case:
Strike out in the fourth sec'ion the words " 1852 and
1853," and insert m lieu thereof the words "from the loth
day of March, 1853, to the 1st day of July of the same
yuar; " in the same portion strike out the words u22d of
April," and insert m lieu thereof "1st day of Julyand in
the same section strike out the words" was ordered to re-
sume," and in heu thereof insert the word " lesumed ; " so
that the section will read :
That the Postmaster General be required to allow and
pay to said Chorpenning his full contract pay, during the
fcUi-pension of Woodward 8c Chorpenning's contiact, from
the loth day of March 1853, to the 1st day of July of the
same year; and also to allow and pay to said Chorpenning
$30,000 pei annum fiom the 1st day of July, 18o3, when he
resumed spivioe under the contract, &.c.
Mr. MACE. I call for the previous question.
Mr. WALKER. I ask my friend to withdraw
the call for the previous question, until I can
make an explanation.
Mr. MACE. I withdraw it for that purpose.
Mr. WALKER. The object of the amend-
ment is this: After Mr. Chorpenning had made
the contract with the Department, certain failures
occurred, and there was a revocation of the con-
tract by the Postmaster General, and a letting of
it to another person. The bill as it stands now,
proposes to give compensation from the date at
which the order was made, conferring the con-
tract upon another person, which was, I think,
on the 15th of November. He continued, how-
ever, to perform the service up to the ensuing
April, when the new contractor entered upon the
contract. In my judgment, he ought to receive
no addiJBJial compensation, inasmuch as he was
entitled^? receive pay at the contract price, be-
tween November and April. I renew the demand
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to hear the
report read.
The SPEAKER. It can be read only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. STANTON. As the report cannot be
read, I call for the yeas and nays upon ordering
the bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Walker's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be
engrossed, and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. MACE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to rcconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EMILY R. HdOE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Wisconsin. I am
instructed by the Committee on Military Affairs
to report a bill for the relief of Emily R. Hooe,
of Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin, the widow of
Captain Hooe, lately deceased, from disease con-
tracted during the Mexican war. I would state
that the Committee on Military Affairs were unan-
imously in favor of-this bill, and instructed me to
present it to the House, and ask its favorable con-
