1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
983
sideration at this time. X send up the report, and
also a letter from the Secretary of War, Hon.
Jefferson Davis.
No objection being made, the bill was read a
first and second time.
The bill provides that there be granted to
Emily R. Hooe, widow of the late Alexander J.
Hooe, a tract of land at Prairie du Chien, con-
taining about sixteen acres, it being the same
tract of land conveyed for a specific purpose with-
out consideration, by the father of the said Emily
R. Hooe, to the United States on the 19th of
March, 1829, the same being no longer used or
needed for the purpose for which it was con-
veyed: provided that the conveyance by the bill
shall only operate as a release by the United
States of all claim to the premises so granted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Wisconsin. I call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put;' and under
the operation thereof, the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Wisconsin, moved
that the vote by which the bill was passed be re-
considered; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider bo laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALBEMARLE SOUND IMPROVEMENT.
Mr. PAINE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House, not with the expectation of obtaining
it, but as a matter of form, to discharge the Com-
mitjee of the Whole on the state of the Union
from the further consideration of a bill of the
House (No. 184) for continuing the reopening of
the communication between Albemarle Sound and
the Atlantic ocean.
• Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise in my place
to protest against this sort of proceeding here.
We have on the Speaker's table cases that have
been acted on in Committee of the Whole House,
and which are thrown over by this sort of pro-
ceeding.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, if this is to
be the way—if those cases which have been acted
on in Committee of the Whole House are to be
superseded by those that have not been acted on,
I too will commence filibustering.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Paine] to suspend the rules so as to discharge
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union from the further consideration rfif a bill
(H. R. No. 184) to continue the reopening a com-
munication between Albemarle sound, North
Carolina, and the Atlantic ocean. The bill ap-
propriates $50,000, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for contin-
uing the work of reopening a communication be-
tween Albemarle sound,North Carolina,and the
Atlantic ocean.
Mr. LETCHER. Has that bill been before
the Committee of the Whole on the gtate of the
Union ?
The SPEAKER. It has been.
Mr. LETCHER. It has not been considered
The SPEAKER. It has never been consid-
ered. The motion is to suspend the rules so that
it may be considered in the House at this time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, I hope the
President has got a large breeches pockct.
The question was taken; and on division, there
were—ayes fifty-seven, noes not counted.
So (two thirds not voting therefor) the rules
were not suspended.
Mr. PAINE. I am much obliged to the House.
[Laughter.]
JEFFERSON WILSON.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, asked and
obtained the consent of the House to take from
the Speaker's table an act (S. No. 592) for the
relief of Jefferson Wilson, administrator, with the
will annexed, of John F. Wray, deceased; which
was read twice.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Jefferson Wilson $602 19, paid by John
F. Wray, deceased, for three fourths of section
sixteen, township nine, range five, east meridian
line of the Chickasaw lands in the State of Mis-
sissippi, the title to which was adjudged by a com-
petent tribunal not to have been in the United
States at the time of said sale.
The bill was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed,
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
JOSHUA SHAW.
Mr. ROBBINS asked the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House from the further consideration of
an act (S. No. 161) for therelief of Joshua Shaw,
ofBordentown, New Jersey.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Joshua ShiW $7,000 out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
which amount, with that paid to him under the
provisions of the act approved February 20,1846,
shall be in full compensation to him for the past
and future use of his invention of percussion caps
and locks for small-arms, and of percussion locks
and wafer primers to be applied to the firing of
cannon.
p Mr. LETCHER objected.
Mr. ROBBINS moved to suspend the rules;
and asked for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Evans, and
Wasiibcrne of Wisconsin, wore appointed.
Mr. LETCHER. How much money did that
man get a year or two ago? He got, I believe,
some five or six thousand dollars.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes seventy-five, noes not counted.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
COMPENSATION TO PAGES.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, asked the unanimous
consent of the House to offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Representatives
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay to
Samuel Miller, Richard K. Evans, Geoige Ilewett. Frank
Dufour, Thomas P. Graham, Charles P. Hopkins, William
M. Clarke, Edmund Burke, James II. Souder, George Mil-
ler, and Mocna G. Porter, extra pages, the sum of two
dollars each per day, from the commencement to the close
of the present session of Congress, with the extra compen-
sation allowed by the House to the other pages thereof.
Mr. H.MARSHALL. I wish to know whether
the gentleman from Virginia indorses this resolu-
tion as all right?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Under the circum-
stances [laughter] it is right.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
by what authority these extra pages were em-
ployed? Was it under the authority of the
Speaker, or of the Doorkeeper, or jointly?
The SPEAKER. The Chair gave no special
authority for the appointment of any pages.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to suspend
the rules.
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Paine and
Sfinner were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 99, noes 24.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
therefor.)
Mr. CAMPBELL, Of Ohio, moved to amend
the resolution so as to give #200 extra to the per-
son whose duty it was to light the chandelier of
the Hall of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is thatamendment
in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, except by
a suspension of the rules.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to suspend
the rules.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended—ayes 100, notes 29.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, then submitted his
amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is this not one
of the employes who will receive his usual extra
compensation under the resolution adopted by
the House last night? [Cries of " Order!"]
Mr. GREENWOOD demanded tellers on Mr.
Campbell's amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wright of
Tennessee, and Wood, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 91; noes 27.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The resolution as amended was adopted.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, moved to reconside
the vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
J. W. NYE.
Mr. TRAFTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sentofthe House thatthe Committee ofthe Whole
House be discharged frora the further considera-
tion of House resolution (No. 22) for the relief
of J. W. Nye, assignee of Peter Bargy, Jr., and
Hugh Stewart.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. That
claim has been paid three or four times already.
[Lauglster.]
Mr. TRAFTON. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. BOWIE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Whitney
and Knapp were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes sixty-one, noes not counted.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.)
CAPTAIN ALEXANDER MONTGOMERY.
Mr. RUST obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. SAPP. I am instructed by the Committee
on Military Affairs to report back, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, Senate bill (No. 537)
for tho relief of Captain Alexander Montgomery,
an assistant quartermaster in the United States
Army; and I move a suspension of the rules to
enable me to report it.
Mr. RUST. I call for tellers upon the suspen-
sion of the rules.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence
■and Kennett were appointed.
The House divided; and tho tellers reported—
ayes 97, noes 23.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof.)
Mr. H. MARSHALL demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, agd the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the bill was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SAPP called the previous question on the
passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. SAPP moved that the vote by which the
bill was passed be reconsidered; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXTRA PAY TO REPORTERS.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer a resolution, which is necessary to
give construction to the x-esolution giving extra
compensation to the employes of the House. It
is as follows:
Resolved, That the resolutions of the House during the
present Congress, giving the usual extra compensation to
its employes, be construed, as heretofore, to include the
reporters of the House.
Mr. McMULLIN. I would ask the gentleman
if the reporters of the House have not already
been provided for?
Mr. PENNINGTON. No, sir; and the object
of this resolution is to construe the compensation
resolution so as to give them the extra compen-
sation.
Mr. McMULLIN. I appeal to the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means if the re-
porters have not already had $800 appropriated
for them in one of the appropriation bills ? If
that be so, of course J cannot vote for this reso-
lution.
Mr. PENNINGTON moved the previous ques-
tion. '
Mr. McMULLIN. The chairman ofthe Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has just answered my
question in the affirmative.
Mr. THOR1NGTON. I object to this discus-
S1Mr. McMULLIN. I ask the chairman of th«
