984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8.
Committee of Ways and Means if we have not
already voted the reporters 0800 over and above
what they receive from Mr. Rives ? If we have,
of course this House wili not pass this resolution?
Mr. PENNINGTON. It is true that the House
allows $800 a year to the reporters. That allow-
ance has been made for several years in succession,
and is considered as a part of their regular com-
pensation. This resolution is to give them the
same extra that we give to the other reporters of
the House. 1 move the previous question.
Mr. PERRY. I ask the gentleman from New
Jersey to withdraw the demand for the previous
tjuestfon to allow me.to offer an amendment, so
as to include the chief clerk in the Globe office.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I cannot withdraV it.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mf. McMCILLIN. I call for tellers on the
resolution.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pringle and
Broom were appointed.
Mr. LETCrl.ER. Have the rules been sus-
pended to allow this resolution to come in ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood there
was no objection.
Mr. LETCHER. My colleague [Mr. McMol-
jljn] was objecting all the while.
The SPEAKER. The question will be sub-
mitted, then, on suspending the rules.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes sixty-one, noes not counted.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
BARTON JEWELL.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York, asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to report, from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, a bill for the re-
lief "of Barton Jewell, of Kentucky, and to have
it put upon its passage.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Barton Jewell on the invalid-
pension list at the rate of eight dollars per month,
to commence 1st July, 1836', and to continue dur-
ing his natural life.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the
bill.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I move to suspend
the n\les, and ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. H. Mar-
shall and Tyson were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 90, noes 30.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended, and the bill was read twice.
.Mr. OLIVER, of New York, moved the pre- j
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time nnd passed.
Mr. H. MARSHALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECESS.
Mr. CLINGMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The Senate have
taken a recess until half-past seven o'clock. I
think the House would expedite its business by
adopting the same course. 1 ask the consent of
the House to move to take a recess until seven
o'clock this evening.
No objection being made, the motion was re-
ceived .
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, demanded the yeas
and nays nn the adoption of the motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was then agreed to; and the House
thereupon, '(at five o'clock, p. m.,) took a recess
until seven o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House resumed its session at'seven o'clock,
p. m.
J. H. P. THORNTON AND OTHERS.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to discharge the Com-
mittee ot the Whole from the further considera-
tion of the bill (S. No. 339) for the relief of J. H.
F. Thornton, Lawrence Taliaferro, and Hay. T.
Taliaferro, sureties ofD. M. F. Thornton, late a
purser in the Navy of the United States.
No objection being made, the hill was ordered
to be read a third time; and it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, moved that the vote
by which the bill was passed be reconsidered; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Post
Office Department, transmitting a statement of all
land and water mails that have been established
within the year preceding the 1st of July, 185G;
also, a report of additional allowances made
to mail contractors within said year; and, also, a
report of curtailment of #sil services and pay
ordered within the said year; which communica-
tion was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SAPP, from the Committee on Military
Affairs; Mr. PRINGLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs; Mr. ALLEN, from the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims; Mr. BISHOP, from
the Committee of Claims, by unanimous consent
submitted various reports; which were laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. ClUITMAN, it was
Ordcral, That leave he "ranted for the withdrawal from
the til.>3 of the i touse of the petition and papers 111 the case
of William M. .Storm.
On motion of Mr. BISHOP, it was
On/eieiZ, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the tiles or'The House of the petition and papeis m the ease
of the hens of Antony 11. White, m order that they may
he leleriett to the Uouit of Claims.
PAY OF NEW MEMBERS.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported the following resolution; upon
which ho demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That m malun^ up the accounts of members
elected to fill vacancies in tins House for the Thirty- t-'ouith
Congtes^ the Sergeant-nt-Arms he directed to compute
their salaries from the day upon wllrch their piedceessois
ceased to be members, eitliei by death, resignation, or by n
vole of this House, and that the Speaker issue his certifi-
cates in accordance with this construction of the act.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. SUMMONS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BARBOUR, from'the Committee on the
Judiciary, submitted a minority report upon the
same subject; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
COMMANDER HARTSTENE AJN'D OTHERS.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. Speaker, I had the
floor before the recess, and yielded to the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Campuell] to move that the
House take a recess. My object was to ask that
the House take up and pass Senate resolution No.
5G, allowing Commander Ilenry J. Hartstene, of
the United States iNavy, Lieutenant S. D. Tren-
chard, Master Morrison, and the petty officers
and crew of the steamer Vixen, to accept certain
tokens of acknowledgment from the Government
of Great Britain.
No objection being made, the resolution was
ordered to be read a third time; and it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
JOSEPH GRAHAM.
Mr. HARRISON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of
the Whole from the fuither consideration of the
bill (S. No. 333) for the relief of Joseph Graham,
reported by the Committee on Foreign Affairs
with an amendment.
No objection being made, the Committee of the
Whole was discharged from the further consider-
ation of the bill.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwiseappropriated, to Joseph Graham, consul
of the United States at Buenos Ayres, $2,254 25,
for his services as acting charge d'affaires at
Buenos Ayres, from August 3 to September 11,
1852; from November 25, 1852, to March 26,
1853; and from March 31, 1854", to October 20,
following.
The Committee on Foreign Affairs reported
the bill with a recommendation to amend the
same by striking out " $2,254 25," and inserting
in lieu thereof " $4,479 60."
Mr. HARRISON. The committee of the
House to whom this bill was referred, allowed com-
pensation to Mr. Graham for only the same time
that the Senate did; but there was a clerical error
in-summing up the amount for the time he served
as charge at Buenos Ayres in the absence of Mr.
Pendleton upon a mission to Paraguay and Uru-
guay. The principle upon which this claim ia
founded, is one generally recognized by the Con-
gress of the United States.
Mr. CA.MPBELL, of Ohio. I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the amendment was agreed to.
The bilj as amended was then ordered to be
read a third time; and it'was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARRISON moved that the vote by
which the bill was passed be reconsidered; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS MISSOURI.  
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire to make
an appeal to the House in behalf of my colleague
on the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr.
PiiELrs,] who is confined to his room by severe
indisposition, occasioned, I believe, by the sever-
ity of his labors in the House and on the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. It is to take up
Senate bill No. 593, being an act to divide the
State of Missouri into two judicial districts. I
believe the Committee on the Judiciary have
agreed to a similar bill, which was introduced by
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Kennett,]
and referred to that committee. 1 ask the unan-
imous consent to take up that bill for consider-
ation.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
up.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to make a single
suggestion as to one point in this bill. I do not
wish to embarrass it in any way; but it strikes
me that#the language employed in reference to
the clerk and maishal of the districts may be con-
strued to make them permanent officers.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, Tliere is no risk
of that.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, look at the language
employed; it may create difficulty.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was ordered to be read a third time; and
was accordingly read the third time,and passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as duly enrolled the following hills
and joint resolution; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act for the relief of Adam D. Steuart;
An act for the relief of Jefferson Wilson, ad-
ministrator, with the will annexed, of John F.
Wray, deceased;
An act to establish a port of entry at Fernan-
dina, Florida;
An act to amend an act reducing the duty on
imports, and for other purposes, approved July
30, 1846;
An act for the relief of Mary Gay; and
A joint resolution relating to the compensation
of chaplains of Congress.
PRIVILEGED QUESTION.
_ Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I riafi to a ques-
tion of privilege. I desire to state that I consider
