1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
88®
myself in some measure implicated as a member
of the Committee on Patents. During the inves-
tigation of the Hayward patent before the com-
mittee, a deposition of Dr. Hartshorn was pro-
duced, which reflected on the integrity of the
House, the Speaker of the House, and upon
members of the Committee on Patents. I ob-
jected, sir, to the reception of that deposition
until every matter thus objectionable was stricken
out. That deposition was filed in accordance
with my motion; and the printed deposition being
legible, though attempted to be erased, I sent to
the chairman of the special committee of investi-
gation, with a note stating the whole matter, and
saying that I supposed every member of the com-
mittee was ready to answer before that commit-
tee as to any matters sot forth in said deposition.
Mr. Speaker, I trust I may not be considered
morbidly scrupulous in this matter; but as I have
only a verbal assurance of my action on the sub-
ject, I trust to an answer from some member of
the investigating committee.
Mr. KELSEY. The communication addressed
to the investigating committee by the gentleman
from North Carolina wu.s received, but the com-
mittee regarded it as a matter not within their
jurisdiction, and no action was taken in relation
to it.
J MARY S. BALL.
Mr. ETHER1DGE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
' Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Representatives
be instructed to pay, out of the contingent fund of the
Hoii^p to Maiy S. Call, widow of John 'J'. Ball, late a mes-
sengCT in the office of the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives, the sum of 1,500 per annum duung the tune he
was so employed.
There was no objection, and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. ETHERIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
J. D. JOHNSTON.
Mr. BENSON. I ask the unanimous conscnt
of the -House to take from the Speaker's table
Senate bill (No. 496) for the relief of J. D. John-
ston. If the House will indulge me, I will simply
say that it takes nothing from the Treasury. It
merely relieves Lieutenant Johnston from paying
for certain property of which he was lobbed while
in the command of a storeship at Valparaiso.
The proofs are abundant, the report is clear, and
I hope there will be no objection to it. 49
There being no objection, the bill was ordered
to a third reading; and it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. BENSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States, by his Private
Secretary, Sidney Webster.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting a further report from the Secretary
of State relating to the accounts, claims, and dif-
ficulties at Constantinople, in the Daineso case;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
MARTIN FENWICK.
Mr BOWIE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take up and put on its passage Senate
bill (No. 320) for the relief of Martin Fenwick.
No objection was made.
The bill provides that Martin Fenwick be con-
firmed in his claim to live hundred arpents of
land, situated on the west bank of the Missis-
sippi river, in Missouri, and described as fol-
lows : fractional sections five and six, lying north
of the private land claim surveyed to George A.
Hamilton, No. 1244, in township thirty-four; the
southeast fractional quarter and the northwest
fractional quarter of fractional section thirty-one
a.nd fractional section thirty-two, in township
"thirty-five, all of range fourteen east, of the lands
subject to sale at Jackson, Missouri, and contain-
ing in the aggregate four hundred and twenty-five
acres and forty-six hundredths of an acre; that
Martin Fenwick shall have the exclusive right,
within one year from the passage of the act, to
enter at the minimum price of public lands sub-
ject to private sale, the southwest quarter and
the fractional northeast quarter of fractional sec-
tion thirty-one, township thirty-five north, of
range fourteen east, of the lands subject to sale
at Jackson, Missouri; that the lands confirmed,
together with the lands authorized to be entered,
are intended to embrace the claim of Martin
Fenwick, as reserved on the plats of the land
office at Jackson, Missouri, on the 27th of Jan-
uary, 1824, deducting therefrom any part that
may have been sold by the United States prior
to the passage of the act; and that the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office shall cause a
patent to be issued & Martin Fenwick for the
lands confirmed , pro^pd such patent shall only
operate as a relinquishment of title on the part
of the United States, and shall not alFect the
rights of any third person.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BOWIE moved that the vote by which the
bill was passed be reconsidered; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HEIRS OF ALEXANDER STEVENSON.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I ask that the Committee
of the Whole be discharged from the further con-
sideration of a bill (H. ll. No. 45G) for the relief
of the heirs of Alexander Stevenson, a soldier of
the revolutionary war, and that it may be put
upon its passage.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the Treas-
urer of the United States to pay to the legal rep-
resentatives of Alexander Stevenson, a soldier of
the Revolution, for the use of his heirs, (Steven-
son having served as a private in the sixth regi-
ment Pennsylvania line, from about the 1st of
January, 3776, till the 1st of August, 1783, and
having been in the battle of Throe Rivers, Lower
Canada,) a sum equal to the amount due a private
between those periods, with interest from Decem-
ber, 1837, the period when a demand for payment
was made upon the Government therefor—one
month's pay to be deducted, that amount having
been paid to the soldTbi in his lifetime; which
sum shall be in full of all claims for unpaid money
due to Stevenson and his heirs for services ren-
dered in the revolutionary war.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 move to amend the. bill
by striking out that part which allows interest.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I believe that, by a very
few words, I can satisfy the gentleman from Vir-
ginia that this bill ought to pass in its present
shape.
Mr. LETCHER. I will hear the gentleman
with pleasure.
Mr. PURVIANCE. In 177G Alexander Ste-
venson enlisted for a single year, and not for or
during the service, but he served from 1776 to
1783. He was taken prisoner in the battle of
Three Rivers, Lower Canada, and was kept pris-
oner until 17S3. Pie never received any portion
of the pay due him but for one single month of
service. The committee has found, and so re-
ported, that from J838, when he asked Govern-
ment for this pension, he should receive interest
on it. The whole amount would be some twelve
hundred dollars; and m lieu of that he ought to
have been paid from 1787 till 3818; but up to that
time he had no right to draw a pension simply
because he had not enlisted for and during the
war. I hope the explanation is satisfactory.
Mr LETCHER. I would like to make an
inquiry at this point. Why did this person not
receive pay except for a single month ?
Mr. PUR.VIANCE. On the examination of
the papers in the Department, it appears that he
did not receive any but a single month'spay, and
the committee have reported unanimously that
that is all he did receive.
Mr. LETCHER. But why did he not receive
more ?
Mr. PURVIANCE. Becausc he was claiming
for a pension from 1787 to 1818, and his entire
claim was refused. Thus he received only one
month's pay.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, tirid passed.
Mr. PURVIANCE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and also moved
to'lay the motion to rcconsider on the table: which
latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Digkins, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the legislative, executive,
and judicial appropriation bill, except *>n the,
amendment in reference to Kansas, on which the
Senate insisted.
TITLES TO LAND IN INDIANA.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, asked and obtained
the unanimous consent of the House to take from
'the Speaker's table a joint resolution to return
to the land office at Vineennes, Indiana, certain
deeds transmitted to the General Land Office by
the board of commissioners appointed under an
act to ascertain and adjust titles to certain lands
in the State of Indiana, approved July 22, 1854.
The resolution received its several readings,
and was passed.
ARMY, NAVY, AND MARINE PENSIONS.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge tho Committee
of the Wholoon the state of the Union from the
further consideration of a bill (H.R. No. 707) to
equalize the Army, Navy, and Marine pensions.
The bill was read, and is as follows:
He it enacted Jnj the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stalea of America in Conarest, assembled, That
all peiaon*. who ate oi who may lw on the invalid pension
lolls of llic Antiv, Nuvv, and Manne Corps of the United
Stales, shall hi1 iM.tttU'ii to tecrivc peuMoiw at The rate of
not ie.r-s than eu?ht dollars per month (or tWabihty of the
Inchest degree, and lor disability of lead degiee, proportion-
ably ien.s; Mich pen-aon^, m each en>e, to commence fiom
the occurrence of the disability on aci omit of winch they
have been or may be granted : Provided, That nothing in
this act shah be consulted to lessen the pensions of those
who, by special oi other legislation, are or may be entitled
to pontons of a higher grade, oi to impair any right thus
acquired.
Si;<;. 2. And be it fuither enacted, That if any person has
died, or >liail die, by leasonof injury received, oi of disease
contracted while in the line of his duty as a commissioned
<n lion-eunimiMsioncd officer of the Anny, Navy, or Manne
Corps ofthe United States, or a^ .in enlisted man or" boy"
' of either «f said bianehes of public service, ami ?.hall have
left, or bhall leave, a widow, or if no widow, a child or
children under sixteen yeais of ago, such widow, during
her widowhood, or if there be no widow, such child or
childien, shall be entitled to receive a monthly pennon, to
be computed in amount accoiduip to the pension lawn in
rotation to the Navy now in foir-o ; that is to say, the widow,
child, oi children, as afoiesairt, of a general officer of the
Army or Manne Uoips,shali be entitled to the pension now
allowed bylaw to the widow, child, or childien of a eaptaiu
of the Navy; and m like manner, the seveial other ranks
of the Army and Maiine Corps, in respect to pensions, shall
be assimilated to those of the Navy, as follows ; A field
ollieer to a commando ; a captain to a lieutenant; a lieu-
tenant to a master; a surgeon, an assistant suigeon, and a
chaplain, to similar grades in the Navy ; a servant major,
an orderly or first sergeant, an ordnance or quartermaster's
sergeant, a principal musician, and a hospital steward, to a
boatswain ; allothei sergeants and enlisted master-work-
men to a bo.u&wam's mate ; and the widow, child, or chil-
dren, as t.lore&aid, of any other non-eommis-oonod officer,
enlisted man, or <kboy," of the Anny, Navy, or Marine
Corps, as aforesaid, shall be entitled to a pension of eight
dollars per month ; the said psjn-^ioiis, in each car>e, to com-
mence as do similar pent-ions m the 3\avv.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That in the event of
the death or muiriage of &uch widow, the pension aforesaid
shall therefrom bo paid to such etnldor children; but in all
ca<es said pension shall cease when such child or childien
attained, or shall attain, the age ot sixteen years, or died,
oi shall die. belorc t hat use.
See. 4. And be it further enacted. That in all cases of
application for pension, which have been or may be made
under this or any previous act now in force, In relation to
the Army, Navy, or Mai ine Corps, it shall be presumed that
every such person was either disabled, or (as the case may
be) that his death was caused, as afaresaid, while he was
in the hue of Ins duty, unlea  it be proven that such disa-
bility or death resulted from vicious conduct, immoral hab-
it*, or otherwise, as prohibited by the laws governing, re-
spectively, the Aimy, Navy, and Marine Corps.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the pensions
hereby provided for shall be paid out of any money m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated ' Jtnd that all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions of this act be,
and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. MORGAN objected.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to say one word to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. I have no fault
to find with the provisions of the bill, except as
