986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
to -the fourth section, which I think ought to bo
stricken out. It provides that if any person in
the service has a rheumatism, for instance, it is
to be presumed that it was occasioned in conse-
quence of injury in service.
The fourth section was again read.  
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the rules be
suspended; and I merely desire to say, that the
equalization of the Army, Navy, and Marine
pensions has been recommended by the Secretary
of War and the Secretary of the Navy, in differ-
ent messages, during the present and previous
Administrations. I have before me these recom-
mendations, which, if gentlemen desire it, I will
send to the Clerk's desk and have read.
Mr. STANTON. I want the fourth section
of the bill reported.
Mr. FLORENCE. If there is objection to the
fourth section, I am willing that it should be
stricken out. I call for tellers on the motion to
suspend the rules.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Faulkner
and Kunkel were appointed.
The House divided; and the tollers reported—
ayes sixty-five, (not two thirds of a quorum.)
So the rules were not suspended.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania, from the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the legislative, executive,
and judicial appropriation bill, submitted the fol-
lowing report:
The committee of conference appointed *to consider the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses 011 the amendments to
House bill making appiopnations for the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judiciary expenses of the Government for tiie
year ending the ilOth day of June, 1858,report that they have
met, and aiter full and free conference have agreed to rec-
ommend to their respective Houses, as follow.*,:
That the House concur m the fir<t, sccond, fifth, sixth,
eighth, eleventh, thirteenth, fourteenth, sixteenth, twenty-
third, twenty-fourth, twenty-filth,thuiy third, thirty-fourth,
thirty-seventh, thirty-eighth, thirty-iimtli, and fortieth
amendments of the Senate; also that the House agree to
tiie Senate's thirty-first amendment, with an amendment
as follows: Stnke out all alter the word ''two" in the
eighth line of the amendment to The woid '' tinee" in the
litteenth line, inclusive; and that the Senale recede from
the fourth, ninth, eighteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, twentv-
first, twenty-second, twenty-sixth, twenty seventh, twenty-
eighth, twenty-ninth, thirtieth, thirty-second, thirty-tilth,
and thirty-sixth amendments.
They also lepoit that tlicy have been unalile to agree
upon the twelfth amendment of the Senate, which is the
onJy remaining one. J. A. PEARCE,
It. TOOMBS,
a. C. CLAY. Jr.,'
Managers on behalf of the Senate.
J. II. CAMPBELL,
JOHN H. LOMPICIN,
E. B. WASHBURNE,
Managers on behalf of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. As the chairman
of the committee of conference has lost his voice,
I will merely state that the twelfth amendment,
on which the committee have been unable to
agree, is that making an appropriation of $20,000
to pay the expenses of the Kansas Legislature.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire, at least, that the
amendments to which the House agree shall be
reported.
f he amendments from which the House receded
from its disagreement were read.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I now call for the
previous question upon the adoption of the report.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House
recede from the amendment upon which the com-
mittee have heen unable to agree.
The SPEAKER. The question must be first
taken upon the report of the committee of con-
ference.
Mr. HOUSTON. I submit whether, inasmuch
as this is a partial report, not embracing all the
amendments, it is not competent for us to have a
separate vote upon each amendment.
The SPEAKER. The report is a perfect one
so far as it goes, and the House must vote upon
it as a whole.
Mr. MORGAN. This is such a bill of abom-
inations that I move to lay it on the table; and
call for tellers upon the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morgan
and Morrison were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
twenty-five in the affirmative, a further count not
being demanded.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The question then recurred upon agreeing to
the report of the committee of conference.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays
upon agreeing to the report.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Allison, Ball, Benson,
Bishop, Bowie, Branch, Broom, Burhngame, Cadwalader,
James II. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Bayard Clarke,
Ezra Clark, dawson, Chngman, Comuia, Cumback, David-
son, Denver, De Witt, Dick, Dowdell, Edie, Elliott, Ether-
idge, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Poster, Henry M.
Puller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamett, Greenwood, Samp-
son W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Herbert,
Thomas It. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Jewett, Keitt,
Kelly, Kennett, Kunkel, Lake, Lindloy, Lumpkin, Alex-
ander K. Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMul-
lin, Smith Miller, Mill ward, Morrison, Orr, Paine, Peck,
Puryear, Quitman, Ready, Ricaud, Ritchic, Robbins, Rob-
erts, Sabin, Sandidge, Savage, Seward, Sherman, Shorter,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith, Spin-
ner, Stewart, Swope,Taylor, Thorington, Thurston, Todd,
I lafton, Tyson, Valk,Wakcma^Walker, EllihuB. Wash-
burne, Watkins, Wells, WlWcy, Winslow, Woodruff,
Woodworth, and Zollicoffer—96.
NAYS — Messis. Albright, Barbour, Biilinghurst, Bing-
ham, Bliss,Itradsbaw, Brenton, Buffinton, Burnett, Carhle,
: Caskie, Chaffee, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Dean,
t Dickson, Dodd, Emne, English, Flagler, Grander, Harlan,
Haven, Hodges, flolloway, Houston, Kelsey, King, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Leiter, Letcher, Mace, Mc-
Caity, Killian Miller,Millson, Morgan,IVIorrin,Mott,]VIur-
ray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Perry, Pettit,
Pike, Powell, Pringle, llobison, Ruffin, Sapp, Scott, Sim-
mons, Stanton, Talbott,Tappan, Underwood, Wade, Wal-
dron, Wheeler, Williams, Wood, and John V. Wright—66.
So the report was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. CRAWFORD stated, that being unwell,
he had paired off for the night with Mr. Dam-
rell.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the report of the
committee of conference was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I now
| move that the XLousc insist on its disagreement
to the twelfth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the committee of conference asked for on the
part of the Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the House recede
from its disagreement to that amendment, and on
that I ask the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The latter motion takes pre-
cedence.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 85, nays 86; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Bocoek, Bowie, Boyco
Branch, Broom, Burnett, Carlile, Caslue, Clingman, Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige,Cullen, Davidson, Henry
Winter Davis, Denver, Dowdell, Elliott, Ethendge, Eustis,
Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Henry M. Fuller
ThomasJ. D. Fuller,Gamett,Goode,Greenwood, Augustus
Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L.
Hams, Harrison, Herbert, Houston, Jewett, Keitt, Kelly,
Kennett, Lake, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Humphrey
Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullin, Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller, Millson, Morrison, Orr, Paine, Peck
Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Ready, Ricaud, Ruffin, San^
didge, Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smuh, William R. Smith, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Under-
wood, Valk, Walker, Warner, Watkins, Wheeler, Whit-
ney, Williams, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright, John V.
Wright, and Zollicoffer—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Benson,
Biilinghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton,
Buffinton, Burhngame, James H. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Oomins,
Covode, Cragtn, Cumback, Timothy Davis, Dean, DeWitt
Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Emrie, Flagler, Grantrer
Harlan, Hodges, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine
B. Horton, Howard, Hughston, Kelsey, King, Knapp,
Knigllt, Knowlton, Knox, Leiter, McCarty, Killian Miller,
Millward, Morgan, Morrill,Mott,Murray, Nichols,Norton,
Andrew Oliver, Parker, Perry, Pottit, Pike, Pringle, Ritchie!
Robbins, Roberts, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman,
Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan,Tappan, Thoring-
ton, Trafton, Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge, Waldron,
Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elhhu B. Washbunje, Israel
Washburn, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—86.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Pending the above call,
Mr. CADWALADER stated that if he had
been presen t when his name was called, he would
have voted in the affirmative.
A message was received from the President, by
Sidney Webster, his Private Secretary, notify-
ing the House that he had approved and signed
the Post Office appropriation dill.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Campbell, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. ORR demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Barbour, Henrv Bennett, Ben-
son, Biilinghurst, Bingham, Iihss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Buf-
finton, Buriingame, James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Chaffee, Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cragin,
Cumback, Timothy Davis, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson,
Dodd, Durfee, Flagler, Granger, Grow, Harlan, Haven,
Hodges, Holloway, Thomas R, Horton, Valentine B. Hor-
ton, Howard, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knigllt, Knowlton,
Knox, Kunkel, McCarty, Killian Miller, Millward, Mor-
gan, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Par-
ker, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Ritchie, Rob-
bins, Roberts, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Spin-
ner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thorington, Todd, Traf-
ton, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader
C. Washburne, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Welch, Whitney, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—86.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Bocock, Bowie, Branch,
Burnett, Carlile, Caskie, Clingman, Howell Cobb, William-
son R. W. Cobb, Craige, Cullen, Davidson, Denver, Dow-
dell, Emrte, Ethendge, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Florence,
Foster, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamett,
Goode, Greenwood, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Har-
ris, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Hoffman, Houston, Jew-
ett, Kelly, Kennett, Lake, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, Mc-
Mullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Moore, Morrison,
Orr, Packer, Paine, Peck, Powell, Puryear, Quitman,
Ready, Ricaud, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage. Seward,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R.
Smith,-Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Tyson, Underwood,Valk,
Walker, Watkins, Williams, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright,
John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—81.
So the motion was agreed to. 1
Pending the above vote,
Mr. LEITER stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Keitt.
Mr. UNDERWOOD stated that on account of
his health, he had paired off with Mr. Granger
after this vote.
Mr. WHEELER stated that if ho had oeen
present when his name was called last evening,
he would have voted against the Minnesota land
bill.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Kunkel,
Boyce, and Morrill, as managers of the con-
ference on the part of the House.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled bills of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act for the relief of Terrance Kirby;
An act for the relief of John Drout;
An act for the relief of Brevet Captain Frederick
Steele, of the United States Army;
An_ act for the relief of Emily R. Hooe, of
Prairie-du-Chien, Wisconsin;
An act increasing the pension of Daniel Denver;
An act making appropriations for the fortifica-
tions fK other works of defense, and for the
repairs of barracks and quarters, for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1858; and
An act for the relief of William Burdell, Sam-
uel Medary, and William T. Martin, adminis-
trators of the estate of Edgar Crates, deceased.
SWAMP AND OVERFLOWED LANDS.
Mr. NORTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up and consider, at this
time, a bill of the Senate (No. 110) to confirm to
the several States the swamp and overflowed lands
selected under the act of September 28,1850, and
the act of March 2, 1849.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I object.
Mr. NORTON. I move to suspend the rules.
The rules were suspended; and the bill was
taken up for consideration.
"Mr. NORTON moved the previous question.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois to withdraw the call until I
can offer a substitute for that bill.
Mr. NORTON. I cannot do it, as it will
involve the necessity of sending the bill back to
the Senate, which would be equivalent to its
cl'sfcstt
Mr." BENNETT, of New York. Then I move
to lay the bill upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to allow me to offer 8n. amendment?
Mr. NORTON. I cannot,for the reason which
I have already stated.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. NORTON moved that the vote by which
