992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
.of the House of Keprrscntatives. to J. C. Walker, it* read-
in^ clerk. for his pist services, ami until otherwise ordered,
a *nm sufficient to make his rcgulai annual salary equal to
that now received by the reading clerk of the Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. The
compensation of these clerks is fixed by law, and
the House has already given them extra compen-
sation.
Mr MOORE. I move to suspend the rules.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended.
Mr. TRAFTON. I move the following amend-
ment:
And that the Clerk bo directed to pav to Ilenrv Douglass,
for the period lie was paid, $1 <">0 per in consideration
of his additional services as laborer, and m accordance with
the lessoluuons of the House of May 4,164(3.
Mr. COLFAX. Every gentleman here can tes-
tify to the qualifications of our Journal cleik. I
move to amend the resolution, so as to put him
upon an equal footing with the Journal clerk of
the Senate, by adding the following:
And to John M. Barclay, ite Journal clerk, what will
make his regular annual compensation for his part seivices,
and until otucnvise oidered, equal to that now paid to the
chief clcik uuuei tlic Seeictaiy of the Senate.
Mr. MOORE. I now demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
mom question oriered.
The amendments were agreed to; and the res-
olution as amended was adopted.
EDMOXD HART.
Mr. HOLLOWAY asked the unanimous eon-
sent of the House to report from the Committee
on Agriculture a bill for the relief of Edmond
Hort.
Mr. C-MUJLE objected.
Mr. HOL1,0 W A Y moved to suspend the rules.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—ayes seventy-one, noes not counted.
Bo the vult s were not suspended, (two thuds
not voting in favor theieof.)
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAAfPBELL, ofOIi'o. T move flint tho
House non-concur in all the amendments of the
Senate to the civil appropriation bill, and ask for
a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
The ISPEAKER {hereupon appointed Messrs.
L. J). Campbell, Israel "Wamcburv, and D.v-
■ vidsox as such committee upon the part of the
House.
ORGANIZATION OF THE TREASURY.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to re-port back,
with an amendment, Senate bill (No. 5xte) to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide fui the better
organization of the Treasury, and for the collec-
tion, safe-keepm<:, transfer, and disbursement of
the public revenue. The reading of the bill will
explain the necessity for its passage.
The bill was read. It provides that the act to
provide for the better organization of the Treas-
ury, and for the collection, safe-keeping, transfer,
and disbursement of the public revenue, approved :
August U, lttotf, be,'and the same is heieby, so
amended that each and every disbursing officer or
agent of the United States having any money of
the United States intrusted to him for disburse- i
ment, shall be, and he is hereby, required to de- '
posit the same with the Treasurer of the United ;
Stales, or with some one of the assistant treasurers !
or public depositaries, and draw for the same only ;
in favoi of the persons to whom payment is to be :
made, in pursuance of law and instructions, ex- 1
ceptwhen payments are to be made in sums under .
twenty dollars, in_ which cases such disbursing j
agent may check in his own name, stating that ;
it is to pay small chums. But where there is no i
convenientUmted States treasurer or depositary,
audi disbursing agent shall keep the same, as may
bo directed by the head of the Department, when
special instructions shall be furnished by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, that 1 he Treasurer of the
United States, assistant treasuiers, and public de-
positaries, shall safdjr keep ail moneys deposited
by any disbursing officer or disbursing agent of
the United States, as well as any moneys depos-
ited by any receiver, collector, or other person,
which shall be the moneys of, or due or owing to
the United States; and for afmluie so todo,shall
be held guilty of the crime of embezzlement of
said moneys, and subject to the punishment pro-
vided for-embezzlement in the act to which this
is an amendment. And that it shall be the duty
of each and every person who shall have moneys
of the United States in his hands or possession,
to pay the same to the Treasurer, the assistant
treasurer, or public depositary of the United
States, and take his receipt for the same, in du-
plicate, and forward one of them forthwith to the
Secretary of the Treasury; and for a failure to
make such deposit when required by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury or any other Department, or
the accounting offiers of the Treasury, the per-
son so failing shall be held guilty of the crime of
embezzlement, and subject to the punishment for
that offense provided in the act to which this is
an amendment.
The amendment of the Committee of Ways
and Means was read, as follows:
Stnke ou* the tollowmg:
Bat where theie 1-3 no convenient United States treasurer
ordepoMutr), biich di?liur>ing agent shall keep the same,
as may bo dnectod by the head of the Dppaitment, when
ppeeiai instructions shall be furnished by the Secretary ot
the Treasury.
Mr. LETCHER. The object of this proposi-
tion is, that those who have charge of the dis-
bursements of the public moneys shall, undei the
direction of the Treasury Department, be required
to deposit them with the treasurer, or assistant
treasurer, so that they may be better protected.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
ROADS AND BRIDGES IN KANSAS.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I ask the unanimous
consent of the flouse for leave to take up House
bill (No. 70:3) to provide for the construction of
military roads and bridges in the Territory of
Kansas.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. PRINGLE. ^ Mr. Speaker, I rise to a priv-
ilege d question. The committee of conference
appointed on the part of this House to meet a
similar committee on the part of the frVnat" on
the deficiency aopropiiaticm bill, have met, and
after a full and free conference have been unable
to agree. I move that the House insist on its
disagreement to the Senate amendments, and ask
for another committee of conference.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 understand the matter of
disagreement to be with reference to the books
for members. I move that the House recede from
its disagreement to the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. HERBERT Is a m order to move that
that motion be laid upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Air. PRINGLE. I will state that the commit-
tee <ame to no agreement in reference to the dif-
ferences between the two Houses. That part of
the bill in reference to the broks is in the way;
and there was also another prousion which we
found equal difficulty 111 getting along with. It
is that in reference to the compensation of the em-
ployes of this House.
Mr. SAGE, f trust the House will insist upon
its disagreement.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask the gentleman
from New York a question, and that is, how this
matter in reference to the compensation of our
employes got into that bill?
Mr. SAGE. I have the floor. It was my duty
to serve upon the first committee of conference on
this bill, and that committee agreed upon a report.
That report was submitted to the Senate, and the
debate which followed upon it was anything
but what it might have been in my judgment.
[,! Order !" £- Order!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
I do not understand that it is within the rules of
order of this House, or of cither House, to reflect
upon the proceedings of the other body.
The SPEAKER. It is clearly out of order to
refer to the proceedings of the Senate.
Mr. SAGE. Well. I will try to speak in order.
There was something which took place in another
place that would justify the members of this
House, if they entertain that respect for them-
selves which I think they do, in standing firm
upon what they believe to be their rights. There
was every concession made at the first conference
to meet the views of the committee upon the part
of the Senate—so much so, that they signed a
report. After that concession upon the part of the
House, the report was submitted to the Senate,
but it was not received. On the contrary, there
were threats thrown out that if the Senate only
adhered, they would make the House do as they
had made them do before. The result has been
a second committee of conference.
In addition to that, the resolution which passed
this House by almost unanimous consent yester-
day, has been treated in the same manner. No
disposition has been manifested to comply with
the wishes of the House, though expressed by a
two-third vote. But I will not consume the time
of the House in discussing this matter. I hope
the House will stand firm, and let the Senate un-
derstand that we have some rights as well as gen-
tlemen at the other end of the Capitol.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to lay the hill upon
the table; and upon it I ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. LETCHER. I will hear what the gen-
tleman from Alabama has to say.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order pend-
[ ing a motion to lay upon the table.
| The question was taken; and the House re-
i fused to lay th^ bill on the table,
j Mr. HOUSTON. 1 understand that the only
■ legitimate point of disagreement between the two
| Houses is in reference to the Senate amendment
! to the bill m regard to the books which are pro-
: posed to be purchased for the members of this
| House. The gentleman says that a resolution
1 which passed this House hy a two-third voto
! has been disiegarded by the Senate. Why, Mr.
1 Speaker, the Senate has nothing to do with that
! resolution, and the committee of conference has
! no jurisdiction over that matter, and no right to
j put any appropriation into that bill, except it is
I an appropriation that is proposed as an amend-
ment by one or the other of the two Houses,
j The committee of conference have no authority
1 to bring up new matter, and make it a part cf
. their confcrencc report. They have no authority
I to compromise by putting 111 an additional ap-
, propnation.
. Then my fiist proposition was correct. I have
! no ill feihng either towaidy the Senate or the
House. I want to pass these appropriation bills,
' and have done with them; and if the gentleman
: from New York wishes to stir up feelings of ill
! blood upon the part of members of this body
, towards the other, I leave him to the glory which
lie will achieve by so domjr. I propose that we
1 shall act upon this question dispassionately. If
; the House sees fit to adhere, let it do so; let us
come up to the question, and meet it fiee from
, passion and ill temper. I make the point, that the
; committee of conference has no right to put the
' appropriation for the pay of our employes into
; the bill.
j Mr. CUMHACTv. I call the previous question.
| The previous question was seconded; and the
| main question ordered.
^ The SPEAKER stated the first question to be
upon the motion of Mr. Houston", that the House
j recede from its disagreement to the Senate amend-
j ment to the deficiency bill.
j Mr. COBB, of Georgia. The motion of the
' gentleman from Alabama is confined, T under-
| stand, to the amendment m regard to the books,
j Mr. SAGE. This motion is m reference to the
' report of the committee of conference, which em-
braces the whole.
; Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I understand that his
' proposition refers to the book amendment alone.
! Mr. HOUSTON. That is all.
i Mr. PRINGLE. There has been no agree-
| ment in the committee of conference in re-gaid to
. any amendment.
i The SPEAKER. No debate is in order, ex-
; cept by unanimous consent.
j Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I have no objection
| to hearing any remark which the gentleman from
' New York desires to make.
! Mr. KEITT. I object to all debate.
| Mr. STANTON. I ask that the House agree
I to take a recess until ten o'clock to-morrow morn-
I ing, that we may sleep over this matter.
1 The SPEAKER. The motion can be received
' only by unanimous consent.
i i\'lr. "KEITT. I object.
i Mr. PAINE.
