1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
905
out of the contingent fund, to B. C. Brown, John R. Camp-
bell, A. O. Dormer, and M. Weyand, messengers in the
House Post Office, the same rate of compensation as was
voted at the first session of the Thirty-Fourth Congress,
and is now allowed the messenger or assistant supenntend-
entof the document room, commencing with the present
Congress, and continuing until further ordered.
Mr. KEITT. Before the question is put, let
me oijer the following, as an amendment:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be directed to pay
out of the contingent fund of the same, to William Tudge,
• the usual extra compensation allowed to laboiers about the
Capitol. . *
Mr. MILLWARD. And I ask to offer the
following as an amendment to the amendment:
Resolved, That tho Clerk of the IIou^o ho authorized to
increase the pay of John Coitan, an employ^ in the Clerk's
office, to two dollars and fifty cents per day, and to pay hun
for the time he has been so employed at the &amo rate, de-
ducting the amount which he has already received.
Objection was made to Mr. Barbour's resolu-
tion.
Mr. BARBOUR moved to suspend the rules.
Tellers were called for, and ordered; and Messrs.
Smith, of Virginia, and Stuanahan were appoint-
ed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes sixty-nine, noes not counted.
So, (two thirds of a quorum not voting in favor
thereof,) the rules were not suspended.
MARINE HOSPITAL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Mr. DENVER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House, to take from the Speaker's table
Senate resolution No. 48, to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to audit and settle the
account of the contractor for erecting the United
States marine hospital at San Francisco, Cali-
fornia.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. DENVER. I move to suspend the rules.
Tellers were called, and ordered; and Messrs.
Knox and Kelly were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes forty-one, noes not counted.
So (two thuds of a quorum not voting in favor
thereof) the rules were not suspended.
PRINTING OF REPORTS.(
Mr. CADWALADER asked unanimous con-
gent to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That ail reports which any of the committees
bave directed to be made to the Hou^e shall be delivered
to the Clerk, and they are hereby ordered to be punted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
Mr. CADWALADER moved to suspend the
rules, and called for tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dowdell
and Waldron were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
thirty-eight in the affirmative, (not two thirds of
a quorum.)
So the rules were not suspended.
RECESS.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to suspend the rules,
to enable him to submit a motion that the House
take a recess until nine o'clock.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon the
House (at half past four o'clock, a. m.) took a
recess until nine o'clock, a. m.
MORNING SESSION.
The House reassembled at nine o'clock, a. m.
Mr. LETCHER moved thatthere be a call of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was accordingly called; and a quorum
of members having answered to their names, all
further proceedings under the call were dispensed
with.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the
House- that the Senate had agreed to the report of
the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the civil appropriation
bill.
EXTRA COMPENSATION.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, reported a bill making
appropriation for carrying out a resolution of the
House of Representatives; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is that bill in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not in the regular order
of business. It is a report from the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I call for the
previous question. The bill is to provide for the
payment of the extra compensation that was
voted by the House to its employes yesterday.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HOUSTON'demandea the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Ajabama will defeat the appropriation bills
by calling the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOUSTON. If it is in order to make a
speech, the gentleman from Alabama will say
that he does not care if ho does. I hq.ve been in
favor of their passage, and have shown it as much
as any other man.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the bill
be laid upon the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers on the pas-
sage of the bill.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Millson
and Robbins were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 87, noes 29.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
up'on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
*ACTUAL SETTLERS AND CULTIVATORS.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House that the Committee of the
Whole House be discharged from the further
consideration of Senate bill (No. 330) for the re-
lief of certain actual settlers and cultivators who
purchased certain lands subject to graduation
within the limits of the Choctaw cession of 1830,
at a less rate than the graduated price under the
act to graduate and reduce the price of the public
lands to actual settlers and cultivators, approved
4th of August, 1854, and for other purposes.
There being no objection, the Committee of the
Whole was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the bill. It was then ordered to a third
reading; and was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. BARKSDALE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I present the fol-
lowing report from the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
civil appropriation bill:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. It. No. G15) making appro-
priations for certain civil pxpenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1858, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to then rcspcctive Houses as follows:
That the Senate do lecede from itssecond, fifth, eleventh,
seventeenth, eighteenth, twenty-seventh, twenty-eighth,
twenty-ninth, thirtv-fourth, Unity-eighth, foity-fiist, forty-
third, foVty-seventh, fiftieth, fifty-third", fifty-fifth, fifty-sixth,
sixty-third, seventy-first, seventv-fiftb, Seventy-eighth, scv-
enty-nmth, eightieth, eighty-first, eighty-second, eighty-
third, eightv-fhth, eighty-ninth, ninety-fourth, ninety fifth,
mnetv-* *vonth, one hundredth, one hundred and first, one
hundred and second, and one hundred and third amend-
ments to the bill.
That the Ilou-^eof Representatives do recede from it" dis-
agreement to, and concur in, the fiist, thud, foyrth, sixth,
eighth, ninth, tenth, twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth, fif-
teemh, sixteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, twenty-first,
twciitv-second, twenty-third, twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth,
twenty-sixth, thirtieth, thirty-first, thirty-second, thirty-
third, thirty fifth, thirtv-sixth, thirty-seventh, thirty-ninth,
fortieth, forty-second, forty-fourth, foity-fifth, forty-suth,
forty-eighth, fortv-nmth, fifty-second, fifty-foulth, fifty-sev-
enth, fifty-ciffhth, fifty-ninth, sixtieth, sixty-first, sixty-sec-
ond, sixty-fouiih, tei.vty-fifth, sixty-sixth, sixty-seventh,
sixty-eighth, •sixty-ninth, seventieth, seventy-second, sev-
enty third, seventy fourth, seventy-sixth, eighty-fourth,
eighfy-&ixth, eighty-seventh, eighty-eighth, ninetieth, nine-
ty-first, ninety second, ninety third, ninety eighth, and
ninety-ninth amendments of the Senate.
That the House of Representatives do concur in the sev-
enth amendment of the Semite, with an amendment s fol-
lows ; In hue two thereof, strike out the word " ten," and
insert" five."
That the House of Representatives do concur in the fifty-
first amendment of the Senate, with an amendment, as
follows: In line two thereof, strike out the word "six-
teen," and insert" ten."
That the House of Representatives do concur in the
seventy-seventh amendment of the Senate, with amend-
ment, as follows: In line six, strike out the words "one
clerk of class threeafter the word " him," in line
twelve, insert the word il and and in lines thirteen, four-
teen and fifteen, strike out the words u and one assistant
messenger at an annual salary of seven hundred dollars."
And that the House of Representatives do concur in the
ninety-sixth amendment of the Senate, with amendments,
as follows: After the word "five," in line three, insert
" temporaiy," and m lines three, four and five, strike out
the woids '• ufchias two, in addmou to those now allowed
by law, from and after the 30th of June, 1«47," and in lieu
thereof insert" during the fiscal year."
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate insisted upon their amend-
ments to the bill making appropriations to supply
deficiencies for the service of the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1857, and asked for a further
committee of conference.
Also, that the Senate had passed an act (H. R.
No. 541) for the relief of George Chorpenning,
Jr., with an amendment; in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, the following bills:
An act (H. R. No. 293) to construct a building
for a custom-house and post office at Perth Am-
boy, New Jersey; and *
An act (H. R, No. 70G) for the relief of John
B. Rose, of Wabash county, Indiana.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
House further insist upon their disagreement to
the Senate amendments to the deficiency bill, and
agree to the further conference which is asked for
by the Senate.
Mr. LETCHER. How many committees of
conference have been already had on that bill ?
The SPEAKER. Three have been appointed.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER thereupon appointed Messrs,
Sherman, Swope, and Peck, as the committee on
the part of the House.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act making appropriations for the naval
servicc for the year ending the 30th of June,
1858;
An act making appropriations for the execu-
tive, legislative, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th June,
1858; and
An act making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1858.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. There are one
hundred and three Senate amendments to the civil
appropriation bill, upon which the committee of
conference have agreed; and were I to consume
one minute of time in explaining each amend-
ment it would consume the balance of the session.
I will therefore state in general terms 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Allow me^to in-
terrupt the gentleman. The amendments were
disagreed to here last night without one of them
being read. They appropriate, I understand,
millions of dollars; and I would now ask that
such of them be read as it is proposed that the
House shall agree to. I do not care about those
the Senate recede from. You have time to read
them, and the provisions you now propose to pass
never have been read or printed; and there is
nobody who knows what is in them except the
three members of the committee of conference.
I must vote against the amendments unless they
are read. . r, ,. ,
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I believe the gen-
tleman from Tennessee has seldom, if ever, voted
for any of the appropriation bills, and I have do
idea that he intends to vote for this one, even if
the amendments are read.
