1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
997
DR. E. K. KANE.
Mr. TYSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take up and consider
the amendment of the Senate to the joint resolu-
tions, which originated in this body, respecting
Dr. Kane's Arctic explorations.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
Mr. TYSON moved to suspend the rules.
The motion was agreed to; and the rules were
suspended.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
Strike out the first section, in the following words:
That the Committee on the Library be authorized to pur-
chase from the publishers fifteen thousand copies of afoith-
commg work, by Dr. E K. Kane, on Arctic explorations,
during the years 1853,1854, and 1855, in scarch of Sir John
Franlcim. to be distributed among the members of Congress
by the Secrctaryand Clerk of the two Houses respectively,
under the direction ot said committee: Provided, That the
price shall not exceed five dollais for the two volumes:
Jlnd provided further. That the material, press-work, illus-
trations, and binding, shall be approved by the said com- 1
mittee. j
Leaving the second section to stand a& follows: ]
That the Feeietaiy of the Navy shall cause to be stiuck j
and presented to Di. Kane, his officers and men, respect-
ively, such appropriate medals as, in the judgment of the
said Secretaiy, shall express the high estimation in which
Congress hold their respective merits and services.
Mr. TYSON. I am authorized by the Commit-
tee on the Library to recommend a concurrence
in the amendment of the Senate. It strikes out
the resolution for the purchase of Dr. Kane's
work, retaining that only for the presentation of
medals to himself, his officers and men, according
to their respective grades.
While the committee make this recommenda-
tion, they consider every honor which the two res-
olutions would have reflected upon the explorer
as eminently due to his high public merit and dis-
tinguished puhlic services. ,Nor are they able to
perceive any difference in principle between the
purchase of books and the granting of medals, con-
sidered as a mode of expressing approbation, or
a sense of honorable achievement.
The committee acquiesce in the amendment
of the Senate for other and independent reasons.
Since the adoption of these resolutions, on the
16th of April last, a general law has been passed
prohibiting the gratuitous distribution of books
among the members, except those of a strictly
documentary character; and, sad to tell, Dr.
Kane has lately died from the effects of disease
contracted or aggravated by the exposure and
hardships incident to his memorable explorations.
As one object of the proposed purchase of his
valuable work was to give to him some substan-
tial proof of the regard and appreciation of Con-
gress, in a mode which might be acceptablc to his
own feelings, this reason is taken away by his
premature and lamented death.
But something ought to be done by way of
public testimony to the contributions he has made
to knowledge, as well as in commemoration of the
fearless intrepidity, scientific spirit, and benevo-
lent zeal which marked his daring expedition
in search of Sir John Franklin. Whether we
consider what he accomplished, or what a vast
store-house he has unlocked and opened to future
explorers; whether we look to his great fame
at home, or to his even greater celebrity abroad,
Congress is imperatively called upon to act. It is
the duty of this body to express its acknowledg-
ment and apprecintion. The loss of a man so
endowed, and so full of rare promise, is a public
one. It is mitigated only by the consideration that
he has disappeared as a bright sun, going down
at noon, without a cloud to dim its pathway.
\ therefore beg the House to concur in the
amendment which retains the resolution granting
such honorary medafs to the explorer, and his
companions as the Secretary of the Navy may
deem appropriate to their respective services and
grades.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TYSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment of the Senate was agreed
to, and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
BENJAMIN E. EDWARDS.
Mr. EVANS asked unanimous consent to take
up from the Speaker's table Senate bill (No. 154)
to confirm the title of Benjamin E. Edwards to
a certain tract of land in the Territory of New
Mexico.
Mr. PRINGLE objected.
Mr. EVANS moved to suspend the rules, and
callcd for tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McMullin
and Perry were appointed.
The House diviaed; and the tellers reported—
ayes sixty, noes not counted.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
of a quorum not voting in favor thereof.)
PAY OF HON. THOMAS CHILDS, JR. -
Mr. HAVEN. I rise to what may be a priv-
ileged question. I offer a resolution in reference
to the pay of Mr. Childs, who has not been here
during the present session; but I am informed by
my colleague [Mr. Kelly] that he started for
Washington, and came as far as Philadelphia,
and illness compelled his leturn.
The resolution was read, as follows:
. Resolved, That the salary of Thomas Childs, Jr., a
member of tins House from the State of New York, who
has been prevented from taking his seat by illness, be com-
puted and paid to him from ltfth of August. 1856, to 3d of
March, 1857, as though hp had been in regular attendance
at the sittings of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there a mem-
ber of the Thirty-Fourth Congress by the name
of Thomas Ciiilds ? Did you, Mr. Speaker, ever
administer an oath to any such member?
The SPEAKER. The oath was not admin-
istered to him; but he was here previous to the
opening of Congress.
Mr. HAVEN. Do not let the House be under
any misapprehension about this matter. Mr.
Ciiilds was paid up to last August, by a resolu-
tion of the House. I understand from my col-
league, [Mr. Kelly,] who seems to be cognizant
of the fact, that Mr. Childs started for tins city
at the commencement of this session, and came
as far as Philadelphia, but was compelled to re-
turn. I am inclined to think that, inasmuch as
he has been prevented by illness from taking his
seat, he is entitled to his pay. That is all I know
of the facts.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the
resolution.
Mr. HAVEN. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, to enable me to offer the resolution.
Mr. KELLY demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kelly and
Cragin were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 100, noes 19.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in the affirmative.)
The resolution was adopted.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Sidney Webster, his Pri-
vate Secretary, informing the House that the
President had approved and signed bills of the
following titles, viz:
An act for the relief of Isaac Swain;
An act for the relief of Joseph Bailey, an in-
valid soldier of the war of 1812;
An act for tho relief of Joseph M. Kennedy;
An act to establish certain post roads in the
United States, and the Territories thereof;
An act for the relief of Shadrack Rice, of Jack-
son county, Virginia;
An act for the relief of Benjamin VV. Smithson;
An act for the relief of Robert S. Wifnberly;
An act for the relief of Barton Jewell;
An act for the relief of the heirs of William
Easby, deceased, paitner of Easby & Henly;
An act for the relief of Isaac P. Washburne;
An act for the rchef of Amos Armstrong, of
Ohio;
An act granting a pension to Franklin W.
Armstrong, of Hardin county, Kentucky;
An act to extend the provisions of the act en-
titled " An act in addition to certain acts granting
bounty land to certain officers and soldiers who
have been engaged in the military service of the
United States," to the officers and soldiers of
Major David Bailey's battalion of Cook county
(Illinois) volunteers;
An act for tho relief of Daniel Wacasor;
An act for the relief of William Walton, a sol-
dier of the war of 1812;
An act for the relief of Sampson Hays, a sol-
dier in the revolutionary war;
An act for the relief of George Cassady;
An act making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending the 30th of June,
1858;
An jict for the relief of Henry Stewart;
An act for the relief of Mark and Richard H.
Bean, of the State of Arkansas;
An act for the relief of Claihorn Vaughn;
An act for the relief of the surviving children
of Sarah Van Pelt, widow of John Van Pelt, a
revolutionary soldier;
An act for the relief of Robert II. Stevens;
An act for the relief of George Bond;
An act for the relief of William L. Oliver;
An act for the relief of Robert Davis;
An act providing an increase of pension to
Isaac Phillips;
An act for the relief of Betsy Nash;
An act for the relief of the inhabitants of the
parish of Ascension, State of Louisiana;
An act making appropriations for the trans-
portation of the United States mail by ocean
steamers and otherwise, during the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1858;
An act to increase the pay of the cadets at the
West Point Academy;
An act for the relief of Jonathan Cillcy;
An act making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1858;
An act for the relief of Joseph Irish, William
Sturgis, and Bartholomew Baldwin;
An act for the relief of Mathew Gr. Emery;
An act for the relief of the children of James
Phelps, a revolutionary soldier;
An act to confiim to Charles Waterman his
title to certain lots in Milwaukee, Wisconsin;
An act making appropriations for tho naval
service for the year ending June 30,1858;
An net .for the relief of Charles Parish, a sol-
dier of the war of 1812;
An act for the relief of the surviving children
of John Gilbert, a revolutionary soldier;
An act for the relief of Collier Minge,P. T.
Elhcott, and Lucretia Brodie, administratrix of
Charles Brodie;
An act for the relief of J. H. F. Thornton,
Lawrence Taliaferro and H. T. Taliaferro, sure-
ties of D. M. F. Thornton, late a purser in the
Navy of the United States: and
An act for the relief of Thomas Rhoades and
Jeremiah Austiil.
RELEASE FROM CONTRACTS.
Mr. DE WITT. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a joint resolution au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to adjust
and cancel certain contracts.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I object.
Mr. DE WITT. I move a suspension of the
rules. Every member of this House knows that
the gentlemen mentioned in the resolution en-
gaged in the business of manufacturing bricks for
the aqueduct with full confidence that the contract
would be carried out in good faith. They were
pressed forward to procure the brick, and they
were compelled to purchase brick at a groat loss,
and then the work was entirely dropped, and
their machinery and everything else became so
much loss to them. They merely ask that the
appropriation made at the last session shall be
applied to the payment of their contract. They
ask for no new appropriation. The officers of
the Government did not feel authorized tu pay it,
and the resolution only asks that they may be
paid.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has not the right to discuss his reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. DE WITT. I call for tellers upon the
motion to suspend the ruVs.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs II. Mar-
shall and Barbour wore appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 93, noes 25.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills reported as truly enrolled, a bill
making appropriations for certain civil expenses
of the^Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1858; when the Speaker signed the same.
Mr. DE WITT. I now call the previous ques-
tion upon my resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under Us operation
the resolution was ordered to he read a third time,
and was accordingly read the third time.
