998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. FLORENCE moved the previous question
on the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the resolution was passed.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
VOTE OF THANKS TO THE SPEAKER.
Mr. AIKEN. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, Tliat the thanks of this Hou?e are due, and
are hereby presented, 10 the Hon. N. P. Ranks, Juri., for
the able, impartial, and dignified manner m winch he has
dischaiged tlie duties of Speaker during the present Con-
gress.
Messrs. CRAIGE, HARRIS of Illinois, and
other members objected.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Havev.)
The Chair is informed that it has been the rule
to admit such a resolution as a question of priv-
ilege, and therefore overrules the objection of the
gentleman from North Carolina.
Messrs. SHORTER, HARRIS, of Illinois, and
others, stated that they appealed from the decision
of the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore stated the question
to be on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. McMULLIN. I regret most deeply that
the honorable gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Aikf.n] has felt called upon to present this
resolution. I voted against the Speaker of this
House when he was elected. There is much
in the conduct of that gentleman which I can ap-
prove; but there is much which I am called upon
to condemn.
Mr. EVANS. The gentleman from Virginia
is not in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. This day will close twenty-
two years of my life in legislative bodies. I have
never before in my life arisen for the purpose of
doing that which I now rise to do, to wit: not
only to vote against the resolution, hut to enter
my solemn protest against it. And, Mr. Speaker,
it comes from the last State in this Union from
which I had supposed such a proposition would
come. I regret that the honoiable gentleman for
whom I cast my vote for the Speakership should
have introduced this resolution. Sir, could I take
that vote back tfi-day, 1 would do so. This is to
me one of the most painful duties that I have ever
performed on this floor; but a high and imperious
sense of duty demands at my hands that I should
take the course which I do. I call for the yeas
and nays on the resolution.
Mr. SEWARD. I regret exceedingly that
there should be any manifestation of feeling 011
this subject ill any quarter. 1 come from'" the
State of Georgia—a State occupying as proud a
position as the State of Virginia, or any other
State in this Union; and while the State which I
represent differs radically in political opinion front
the present Speaker, I shall not stand here to
bring* these issues into a question like this, be-
stowing the usual, and I believe just, compliment-
ary notice asked for by the resolution on your
table 
Mr. McMULLIN. "Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him? I want to set myself right.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair begs
leave to say to the gentleman from Georgia that,
if he yields the floor without consent of the
House, he will lose it.
Mr. SEWARD. I decline to yield the floor.
Like the gentleman from Virginia, I have been in
public life a good many years myself. I came here
with all the prejudices which a gentleman can en-
tertain against the occupant of the chair. I have
watched his conduct narrowly; I have scanned it.
closely at every step: and I must say, from my
knowledge of the administration of presiding
officers over legislative bodies, that I have seen
as much fairness in the occupant of the chair as I
have ever witnessed in any legislative body else-
where. And I take great pleasure—coming as I
do from the South, and differing as widely as I
do with the Speaker on political questions — in
raising my voice and recording my vote in doing
justice to a political adversary.
Mr. TYSON. This debate seems to be irreg-
ular and unnecessary. I therefore demand the
previous question. **
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I wish the question
of order to be settled. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair deciding that this resolution is a priv-
ileged motion. I was cut off by clamor from
taking an appeal before, although I endeavored
to obtain the floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair feels
bound to decide that the appeal comes too late.
Mr. SAVAGE. I called for the appeal myself.
Mr. SHORTER. So did L
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I have endeavored
to get the ear of the Speaker to take that appeal
as a matter of right, but was precluded by the
clamor, although I raised my voice as loud as
members ought in the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I appeal to the gentleman
from Illinois to allow the resolution to come in,
and let us vote for or against it, according to our
judgment. If we exclude the resolution upon a
point of order, wc have not expressed our senti-
ments as to the fidelity of the officer who has pre-
sided over us, and therefore it would be better for
11s, in my judgment, notwithstanding the point
of order may be in the way, to admit the resolu-
tion, and come up and vote upon it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I am ready to meet
the resolution, and to vote upon it; but I think
the question of order a most important one. I
want to know whether the House will decide that
such a resolution as this will be admitted as a
question of piivilege.
Mr. KENNETT. I move to lay the appeal
on the table.
The SPEAKER "pro tempore. The Chair will
state the question.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. While I am on the
floor I would like to say a word.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object. The appeal is
not debatable.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not, the pre-
vious question having been seconded.
Mr. JECEITT. I hope the gentleman from Illi-
nois will withdraw his question of order. 1 think
the Chair is clearly right in the decision ho has
made; but, if the gentleman differs with the Choir,
j let the resolution come in as a question of cour-
I tesy, and let us have a vote upon -it.
! Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. If gentlemen will
give me a record on this resolution, I will with-
! draw my question of order.
j Mr. ICEITT. So far as I am concerned you
| shall have that. [Cries of "Agreed !1,j
i Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I withdraw my
I question of order.
! The yeas and nays were ordered on the reso-
lution.
Mr. BARCLAY, (amidst much confusion.) I
rise to a privileged question. I move to lay the
resolution on the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
The main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 rise to a question of order.
The previous question lias not been seconded.
It was called; but there has not been a vote upon
it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The previous '
question has been seconded and the mum ques- ,
tion ordered to be put. The gentleman from
Kentucky is certainly mistaken.
The question was taken; and it was decided i.i '
the affirmative—yeas 119, nays 35; as follows: j
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allen, Baibour, Henry !
Dennett, Cor.son, BiJSuigbur&t, Buuzham, Bh.-'s, Bowie, |
Hrenton, BufTtiifon, Burbn^me, Jame^ H. Campbell,Lewis '
0. Campbell. Caruthers, Chaffee, E/,ra Claik, dawson,
Clmgman, Colfax, Comm*. Cnvwlr, Craam, < 'nlifn, TIeruy ,
Winter Davis Timothy Davi , Dean, Denver, De Witt, ]
Dickson. DoiM. f)uriu<\Edinu>vKon, Ermie, English, I'/Ji- ■
eridz<>, Einiis, Evan*, Flakier, Florence, Henry ,M. Fuller, !
Thomas J. D. I'mler. Grander, Greenwood, Giow, Ilarlau,
J. Moni->on Harris, Ilaven, Hetbert, Hodges, Holioway, '
Thomas R. Ilorton, Valentine Ji. Hoiton, Howaul, Kcl!\,
Kcl-cy, Kemiett, Knapp, Knight, F.ak^, Lindlpy, Mace. .
Humphrey Marshal), Maxwell. IVTcCarty. Kiilsan Miller^
Smith Miller, Ahlhvard, Morgan, Morull". Momson, jtfott, 1
Murra>, XichoU, Andr<M\ Ohwr. Packer. I'aiket. Pelron,
Punmn^ton. Pory. Porter, Pringfo, flieaud, Bob-
bins Ttobens Robs-on, ^fabin. Hew.nd, Shc>nia ,
Simmons i?amu'4 A. ^untli. Wihi.ini R. Snntu, Spinner,
Stanton, fcUranuhan, Swupu, Tappan, Tlionngton, TIuih-
ton, Trafton. Ty«ou, fjndenvo>id, Wakeman. Walbmlae.
WaSdron, Walkei, Warner, Cadwalader C. U'a.bbuine, ,
Ellihu B. Wa-hbnrne, Israel Washburn, Wei!.-, Williams ■
Wood, Woodiuff, and Znllu offer—i ID.
NAYvS—Mes?r.-. Kaielay, HarkMiule. Jlendlr-y S. Ben- ■
nett, ftooock, Boyc-e, Burnett, C.mwalader, Williamson It, 1
W, Cobb, Cr<ugp, Dowdell, fidic, Clfiou, Faulkner. Angus- :
Uh Hall, Thomas L Harris-, Houston, Hugb.-tonj George '
W.Jones, Keiu, Letcher, MeMulim, McQueen, Millson, 1,
Peck, Powell, Ready, Rnffin, Savage, Scott, Shorter, Wil-
liam Smith, Stewart, Taibott, Wade, and Wiieekr—35.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Pending- the call of the roll,
Mr. BROOM said: I decline to vote upon this
resolution.
Mr. HARRISON said: While I indorse to the
fullest extent the ability of the Speaker, I cannot
indorse his impartiality, i therefore decline to
vote.
Mr. McMULLIN. I want to say that I am
not actuated by sectional feeling. [Cries of "Or-
der !" " Order!"] I vote "no."
Mr. VALK. i decline voting,
Mr. WALKER. An act of courtesy is not an
indorsement of objectionable principles, I vote
" ay."
Mr. AKERS stated that, if he had been within
the bar when his name was called, he should
have voted u no."
Mr.'BARICSDALE. I desire to say that, while
I am willing to indorse, to the fullest extent, the
ability of our presiding officer, I am unwilling; to
say, by my vote, that he has acted impartially.
I vote " no."
COMMITTEE TO WATT ON THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, announcing the pas-
sage of the following resolution:
Resolved, That a committee ol two members on the part
of the Senate be appointed, to jom such committee as may
be appointed on the part of the House or' Representatives,
to wait on the President of the United States, and inform
him that the two Houses arc ready to clo^e the present ses-
sion by an adjournment.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that the
resolution be concurred in, and that a committee
be appointed on the part of the House to join the
committee on the part of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Camp-
i bej.l of Ohio and Walker were appointed as
such committee.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
j| on the bill of the House to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the fiscal year ending June
1 30, !8o7, reported that the committee had agreed
upon all the amendments of the Senate except the
; eleventh, and that they had agreed to recommend
' a concurrence in that with an amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. 1 cali for the
' previous question on the report of the- committee
; of conference, and invoke the House to imme-
: diate action if they wish to save the bill, I am
| just informed by the Secretary of War that unless
i this bill passes it will cost the Government a loss
j of twenty per cent, at least.
; Mr. SHERMAN. The committee unanimous-
i ]y agreed^ to the report. It gives books named
; in a certain resolution to new members, provided
, they shall be deposited in a public library in each
; of those members' districts.
j The SPEAKER. There is no written report;
i and if there be no objection, the House will act
I on the statement of the gentleman from Ohio,
j There was no objection.
! The pievious question was seconded; and the
' rnam question ordered to be put.
; Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I want to see the
: report. Let it be read
i The SPEAKER. There is no report; and the
i Chair distinctly stated that if there was no oh-
' jection, the question would be taken on the state-
i ment of the gentleman from Ohio; and there was
! no objection.
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object, and de-
; mand that the report shall be read.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to suspend
the rules, so that the House might act on the re-
! port in its present condition.
i The question was taken; and the motion was
agroed to.
The report of the committee of conference was
adopted.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the report was adopted j
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED HILL.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
