1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
999
truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 636) to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of the fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1857; when
the Speaker signed the same.
STEUART AND RANDALL.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take up and put on its
passage Senate bill (No. 522) explanatory of an
act approved August 18, 1856, entitled " An act
for the relief of Adam Steuart and Alexander
Randall, executors of Daniel Randall.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I move that the rules
be suspended for the purpose I have indicated.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended.
The bill was taken from the Speaker's table,
and ordered to be read a third time; and it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. H. MARSHALL moved to reconsider the
Vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISBURSING OFFICERS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. J ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take up and put on
its passage Senate resolution (No. 60) to provide
for the settlement of certain accounts of the dis-
bursing officers of the tfyo Houses of Congress.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to suspend
the rules, in order that we may pass the resolu-
tion I have stated.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended.
The question was taken on an amendment of
the Committee of Ways and Means, extending
the act to 1857 as well as to 185G; and it was
agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
resolution be laid upon the table; and on that mo-
tion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I call for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution as amended was ordered
to a third reading; and it was accordingly read
the third time.
M^r. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved the previous
question upon the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the resolution was passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that the
vote by which the resolution was passed be re-
considered; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS OF INQUIRY".
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce the fol-
lowing resolutions:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, That the Secre-
tary of Stale, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretaiy
of the Inteiior, the Secretary of the Navy, the Secretary
of War, the Postmaster Genera], and the Attorney General,
be, and are hereby requested severally to report to the
House at its next session:
]. The number of their assistants of every description,
including heads of bureaus, messengers, and laborers m
their respective Departments, together with the salaries and
any othei compensation allowed to each.
2. The grades of service, by classes, in their Departments
severally, the number of grades, and the compensation
which ought, in their opinion, to be allowed to each grade.
3. Whdt regulation of law, if any, is, m then opinion,
necessary to equalize the labor of the clerical force of each
Department. .
4. Such reports to be made separately—those of the war
and Navy Departments carefully discriminating between
the civil, military, and naval employes of the Departments,
specifying, m the case of the latter, the pay and emoluments
of every description received by cach.
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Representatives
do report to said House of Representatives during the first
week of the next session theieof—
1. The salary of the Clerk as fixed bylaw at the first ses-
sion of Congress under the present Constitution; the num-
ber of his assistants and the salary allowed to each, specify-
ing the names of such assistants and the particular duties
severally as-signed to each, and also the dates of their ap-
pointments severally, and the date of the law, and where to
!>e found, specifying tfce book and page. And m all ca&es, ana
with like particularity, specifying any increase in the salary
of such Clerk and his assistants, together with any other
allowances made to them severally. And that such state-
ment embrace the period of President Washington's first
administration, together with the contingent expenses of
the House of Representatives for the same period; the re-
port to be presented in annual rests or statements, and a
summary or aggregate thereof for the period of said admin-
istration.
2. That the said Clerk make a similar report in all respects
as to the Doorkeeper, Sergeant at-Aims, Postmaster, and
their assistants, severally, of the said House of Repiesent-
atives.
3. That the said Clerk shall make a bimilar report and
statement in all respects as before prescribed for each period
of four years down to the administration of President Pierce
inclusive.
4. That the Clerk also state how many and which of said
assistants are now required by their duties to remain during
the recess at the Capitol, and the employment in which they
are engaged.
Mr. THORINGTON. I object.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then I move a
suspension of the rules, and upon it I ask for
tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The rules were not suspended.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act explan-
atory of a n act approved August 18,1856, entitled
" An act for the relief of Adam D. Steuart, and
of Alexander Randall, executor of Daniel Ran-
dall;" when the Speaker signed the same.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Sidney Webster, his Private Secre-
tary, informing the House that he had this day
approved and signed resolution and bills of the
following titles:
Joint resolution for the presentation of medals
to Dr. Kane, his officers, and men;
An act to construct a building for a custom-
house and post office at Perth Amboy, New Jer-
sey;
An act making appropriations for certain civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1858;
An act for the relief of George Chorpenning,
Jr.;
An act for tlie benefit of John W. Cox;
An act to construct a road in the Territory of
Nebraska;
An act to supply deficiencies in the appropri-
ations for the service of the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1857;
An act to relinquish the claim of the United
States to certain property of which E. King died
seized and possessed, in the District of Colum-
bia, upon certain specified conditions; and
An act providing for the construction of a mili-
tary road below Fort Steilacoom and Bellingham
Bay, in the Territory of Washington.
PRINTING OF REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. KEITT moved that the leports of the
standing committees of the House, upon cases
which had been referred to them, be printed in
the same manner as if they had been reported to
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. AKERS, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to wxthdiaw from the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims? the petition and papers
relating to the heirs of Daniel Bcdinger, for the purpose of
reference to the Court of Claims.
INCREASE OF COMPENSATION.
Mr. TRAFTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House is hereby directed i
to pay out of the contingent fund or the House to William
Tudge the usual extia compensation allowed to laborers of
the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
Mr. TRAFTON. I move to suspend the rules.
The question was taken, and the rules were
suspended.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to accept of an amendment; and I
do so because the clerk of the Committee on In-
valid Pensions will not be paid unless the resolu-
tion I propose is passed. That committee ap-
pointed a clerk, but the Committer on Accounts
differed as to the construction of the resolution,
and I ask that he be paid the same per diem as
other clerks to committees. It is no more than
justice that it should be done.
Mr. MORGAN. I also have an amendment
which I trust the gentleman will accept. .
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (at ten minutes
before twelve o'clock, m.) I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was taken; and there were, on a
division—ayes 25, noes 110.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. TRAFTON. 1 have modified my resolu-
tion, and now move the previous question.
Mr. FLORENCE. Has the gentleman ac-
cepted my amendment?
Mr. TRAFTON. I have accepted that amend-
ment, and others suggested by other gentlemen.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to its being
accepted.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts cannot accept an amendment, or make
any modification to his resolution, after the pre-
vious question has been called. It is not in his
power to do so.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The amendment
was accepted by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts before the previous question was demanded.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was put; and the resolution, as
modified, was adopted, as follows:
Resolved5 That the Clerk of the House is hereby directed
to pay out of the contingent fund of the House to William
Tudge the usual extra compensation allowed to laborers of
the House; that the Clerk of this House be directed to pay
out of the contingent fund to Daniel Buck, the sum of $360
foi each session of Congress that he has or shall collate,
make out, and prepare lor publication the list of appropria-
tions made, new offices created, &.<"* , as required by the
act approved July 6,1835; and that Phin. B. Tompkins, tally-
clerk and assistant reader, bo paid lor his service during
this Congress, and nntil otherwise ordered, the same com-
pensation which the reading clerk receives or shall receive
under any resolution ot this House ; that the clerk to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions be paid out of the contin-
gent fund of the House, the same per diem, and extra com-
pensation allowed other clerks to standing committees of
the House of Representatives, during the time employed by
said committee for this Congress; that the Committee on
Accounts be directed to examine the account of B. F. Hall
for services rendered by order of this House, and if any-
thing shall be found due him the same shall be paid from
the contingent fund of the House.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
EXTRA PAY TO REPORTERS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask unan-
imous consent to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the resolutions ot the House, at the pres-
ent Congiess, giving the usual extra compensation, he con-
strued, as heretofore, to include the reporters of this House.
Mr. HOUSTON objected.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to sus-
pend the rules.
The question was put; and the rules wore sus-
pended.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, I rose to ad-
dress myself to this resolution before the question
was put.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama rose and inquired whether the previous
question was called.
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes; and then I intended to
keep the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama did not suggest his desire to address the
House.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Speaker did not 
The SPEAKER. The resolution is agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask for the yeas
and nays on the motion to lay on the table.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. DiCKiNb, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had completed its legislative busi-
ness, and was ready to adjourn.
Mr. KEITT, (at three minutes before twelve,
m.) I move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to,
