1000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
The question being on Mr. WAsriBmura's mo-
tion to lay the motion to reconsider on the table,
Tellers were called for.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 withdraw
the motion to reconsider.
Mr. HOUSTON. I renew it; and I suppose
that motion is debatable.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a privi-
leged question. The joint committee appointed
on the part of the two Houses to wait upon the
President of the United States, and to ascertain
whether he had any further communication to
make to Congress, have discharged that duty;
and I am desired to report that he is not aware
of any other communication that it is necessary
to make. I therefore move that the House do
now (twelve o'clock, m.) adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER, before announcing the result,
addressed the body as follows:
Gentlemen of the House of Representatives, I
solicit that indulgence which is usually accorded
to those who stand in the position which I oc-
cupy.
1 should fail to perform an imperative duty did
X sever our official connection without acknowl-
edging my obligations to the officers with whom
I have been associated, and to the House itself,
for that generous and unwavering support which
has been given to me in my sphere of service.
The congressional term which now closes will
bear in the history of legislation 110 ordinary
character. The unexampled energy of the Amer-
ican people and the rapid extension of their the-
aters of action and enterprise have crowded upon
us from day to day a constant succession of ques-
tions of extraordinary character and serious im-
port, and to this has been superadded an unusual j
amount of the ordinary business of legislation.
To have been called under such circumstances ■
to the chair of this the first of deliberative assem- j
blies—an office which has been endeared to the j
people by its association with the memories of i
Muhlenberg, Macon, Cheves, and Clay—is an '
honor that might well crown a life of study and i
toil. To have discharged the duties of this office, j
delicate and important as they have been, to your ;
■ entire satisfaction, is more than I could have
hoped. The Journal of the House, an unerring
and impartial record, and the resolution to which,
as I am informed, you have come, following the
suggestion of the distinguished gentlemanlfrom
South Carolina, [Mr. Aikek,] give to me assu-
rances that cannot but be gratifying, and for these
I proffer to you my profound and life-long ac-
knowledgments.
The welcome word from me must be that word
which speeds your parting from these scenes of
anxious labor. I invoke for you, gentlemen, a :
happy return to your homes, where the sweet :
and native air of hill and vale, and the loved forms i
and sounds of home and those we love at home, j
may revive your exhausted energies, purge the j
system of the fever of fitful and unsatisfactory |
contests, and bring each and all to the cheering ;
admission, whatever disappointments and perils !
we encounter, that theperformance of public duty, i
and the service of our country, is always a pleas- j
ant labor. ' 1 j
It is only left for me to announce that the power i
of the House as a legislative body now ceases,
and to bid you Farewell. [Applause.]
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 28, 1857.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hn,i..
Tile Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message front the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ccllom, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills
and joint resolutions; which thereupon received
the signature of the President pro tempore:
An act for the relief of Collins Boomer;
An act for the relief of Anthony Dcvit, late a
sergeant in the thud aiullery, United States
Army;
An act for the relief of Lyman X. Cook;
An act for the relief of Commander John L.
Saunders;
An act for the relief of Rebecca Smith;
An act for the relief of Creor^e Shelling'^;
An act to reimburse the estate of Joseph Mc-
Clure, a paymaster in the war of 1812;
An act for the relief of the heirs of Jacques God-
frey;
An act for the relief of Mary Ann Clark;
An act for the relief of C. B. R. Kennedy;
An act for the relief of Richard Phillips;
An act for the relief of William Poole;
An act for the relief of Benjamin R. Gantt;
A11 act for the relief of Jesse Morrison, of Illi-
nois;
An act for the relief of George F. Baltzell, as-
signee of James P. Roan;
An act for the relief of the heirs of Samuel R.
Thurston, late Delegate from Oregon;
An actforthe relief of Thomas B. Steele, passed
assistant surgeon of the Navy of the United
States;
A11 act for the relief of John C. McConnell;
An act for the relief of William Kendall;
An act for the relief of Henry F. Mtidd, of
Missouri;
Ail act for the relief of John Huff, of Texas;
A11 act for the relief of John L. Vattier;
An act for the relief of Samuel S. Haight;
A resolution for the relief of Isiael B. Bigelow;
and
A resolution to pay the pension dutf Parmelia
Slavin, late wife of John Blue, deceased, to her
administrator.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the amendments of
i the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 614) making
I appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
1 penses of the Indian department, and for fulfill-
l ing treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes,
; for the year ending 30th of June, 1858, disagreed
■ to by the House of Representatives, moved that
the Senate insist upon its amendments, and ask
j for a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
I two Houses thereon.
j The motion was agreed to; and the Presi-
' ees't pro tempore appointed Messrs. Brodiiead,
I Sebastian, and Rusk, conferees on the part of the
i Senate.
I A subsequent message from the House of Rep-
j resentatives, by Mr. Cullom, its Clerk, an-
| nounced that the House of Representatives insists
] upon its disagreement to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 614) making ap-
propriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes, for
the year ending 30th of June, 1858, insisted on
by the Senate, agrees to the conference asked by
the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and have appointed Mr. How-
arji.Mr. Greenwood, andMr. Letter, conferees
011 the part of the House.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION REPORT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Smithsonian
Institution, communicating the annual report of
the operations, expenditures, and condition of the
Smithsonian Institution during the year 1S5G.
j _ Mr. FITCH submitted the following resolu-
| tion:
i Jlcsoh-cJ. That the usual number of copies of the annual
1 teport of the Boaid of Resent* of the Smithsonian Institu-
! tioufor 18.56 he punted, and that ten thousand additi'mal
I eopii 3 thereof be printed, and that twenty-five hundred
, tlieieofbe for the u - f of the Smithsonian Institution.
I That portion of the resolution providing for
printing the usual number was agreed to, and the
I residue was referred to the Committee on Print-
| inS-
j PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
! Mr. TRUMBULL presented a resolution of
[ the Legislature of Illinois, in favor of the confirm-
j atiou of the selections made by that State of swamp
; and overflowed lands; under the act of September
I 28, 1850: which was ordered to lie 011 the table,
j the subject having already been disposed of.
1 Mr. STUABT presented a petition of A. F.
Bell and others, praying for the establishment
of certain mail routes in Michigan; which was
referred to the Committee 011 the Post Office and
Post Roads.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fr-
! nance, to whom was referred the bilf(H. R. No.
j 606) making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
; ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1858,
[ reported it with amendments.
| Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on the
I Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was recom-*
| mitted the bill (S. No. 633) to provide for carry-
j ing the mails of the United States from Panama
, to Valparaiso, on the west coast of South Amer-
; ica, in connection with the mail routes already
established to New Orleans, New York, and Cal-
ifornia, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 550)
for the relief of David Ogden, Andrew Foster, and
other ship-owners, reported it without amend-
ment, and that it ought not to pass. The accom-
panying papers weie ordered to be printed.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee 011 For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the petition
of Frederick A. Beelen, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 641) for his relief; which
was read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PUGFI, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom were referred the papers relating
to the claim of George Whitman, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 642) for
the relief of George Whitman; which was read,
and passed to a second reading; and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
638) making a grant of alternate sections of pub-
lic lands to aid in the construction of railroads in
the Territory of Kansas, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
638) to create the office of surveyor general of
public lands in the Territory of Nebraska, re-
ported it without amendment, and that it ought
not to pass.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Public
Lands, _to whom was referred the petition of
I George S. Seton, submitted a report, accompanied
1 by a bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Charles Seton; which was read, and passed
to a second reading; and the report was ordered
to be printed.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce be dis-
charged, from the further consideration of the petition of
inspectors of customs for the port of Mobile ; and the papers
relating to the claim of Pierre Menard and Louis Valle.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Private Land Claims
be discharged from the Anther consideration ot the bill (S.
■ No. 609) in relation to the public suivev-s m the ^tdte of
i California, and that it be referred to the Committee on
1 Public Lands.
I FOLDING-ROOM.
, Mr. BRIGHT submitted the following resolu-
1 tion; which was referred to the Committee to
j Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
j the Senate:
I Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arm? be authorized to
I appoint one of the present me&sengus an assistant to the
J Superintendent of the Fokhng-Ttoom. at the same salaiy ass
the a«£Maut of the Postmaster of the Senate, to commence
1 on the 1st of January, 1656.
1 IMPORTATION OF OBSCEATE ARTICLES,
j Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom wasreferfed the bill (FT. K. No.
617) to amend the twenty-eighth section of the
j act of Congress, approved the 30th of August,
j 1842, entitled 14 An act to provide revenue from
j imports, and to change and modify existing laws
| imposing duties on imports, and for other pur-
' poses," prohibiting the importation of obscene
I and indecent articles, so as more effectually to ac-
| complish the purposes for which that piuvision
was cnacted, reported it back with out amendment,
and asked for its immediate consideration.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill. It proposes to pro-
hibit the importation of all indecent or obscene
articles, prints, paintings, lithographs, engrav-
ings, images, figures, daguerreotypes, photo-
graphs, and transparencies. No in voice or pack-
age whatever, or any part thereof, in which any
such articles are contained, is to be admitted to
entiy. and all lmoiccs and packages \ritercof
