1004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
belong to his staff will not only draw the back
pay of lieutenant colonels for ten years past, but
will draw the pay and emoluments of a lieutenant
colonel henceforth. We propose to allow to
these two aids the pay and emoluments affixed to
the aids of a m^jor general in the Army.
Certainly it is too late in the session to enter
into a discussion. I have felt it to be my duty
to show what is the effect of the joint resolution
unamended, and show you the compensation we
propose by the amendment. I snail offer an
amendment to the amendment now pending, in
order to obviate all difficulties, which makes pro-
vision for the staff of the lieutenant general. If
the amendment proposed by the Committee on
Military Affairs be adopted, it will give to General
Scott in hand $3,120, and make his pay in future
$10,500, including everything. The amendment
which I propose to the amendment is to add at
the end of the resolution:
And thf staff of the said brevet lieutenant general shall
hereafter consist of two aids only, who shall have the same
rank, pay, and emoluments as the staff of a major general.
Mr. STUART. I am not going to take any
time in the discussion of this matter; but when I
undertook on a former occasion to state what was j
the opinion expressed by the gentleman who in-
troduced this subject in the Senate at a former
day, the honorable Senator from I^uisiana [Mr.
Benjamin*] read from the debates "that day, and
stated with great confidence that I was mistaken.
The honorable Senator aid not see the portion of
the debate to which I alluded. The question arose
whether this brevet rank which was proposed to
be given to General Scott by the resolution of
Congress, would give to him additional pay. The
gentleman who was then chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, General Shields, of
Illinois, stated that it would not do so unless the
President assigned him to his brevet command;
but that if there should ever be an occasion for
assigning him to his brevet command, then, and '
then only, would he get the increased pay. Here |
is what he said. 1
The question was asked by Mr. Prttit, of In-
diana, "Will this rank confer greater emolu-
ments, or greater pay, on General Scottr"
Mr. Shields replied:
" That is a matter within the (h^etion of the Fio-ulent
of the United No bicvvt oonleis pay of' it.=elf'. It
is merely intended a* a high honorary miliraiy compliment
for gallant s<>ivices. But if the Pic-idcM of the I'm ted
States a^'gns a man to a command pioportio-ied to his
brevet rank, then lie is entitled to pay aecnidmg; to rank, i
and m no other ca^e; «o that M will depend upon the Pres>- j
ident of the United States.5'— Congressional Globe, Jir&t&es- i
sion Thirty-Fourth, Congress, pait 1, page £2. j
That was the statement made by the chairman j
of the Committee on Military Affairs of the Sen- j
ate, under winch the Semite acted in conferring j
this rank-, but it is scarcely done before a ques- l
lion is sprung up as to whether it does not give [
him pay from the time the brevet took effect, j
That has been jisposed of by the eveeutive de- j
partmcnt: and now this proposition calls on Con- .
grcss to do what it was expressly stated by the i
chairman of the committee who introduced the I
subject here the brevet rank would not do. The j
debate passed off the other day so that I had not ;
an opportunity of replying to the honorable Sen- ]
ator from Louisiana-, but there can be now no I
dispute about the fact: so that anv action the j
donate may take now will be entirely new action i
without reference to that, bocayse it is clear the
Senate did not intend to confer any additional I
pay, except in the exigency alluded to by the j
Senator introducing the subject. I rose only for !
the purpose of rfiaintaimng the statement I made
the other day, and maintaining it from the record.
Having accomplished that, I have no further de-
sire to participate in the debate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Certainly, sir, X shall
set no example for a protracted debate on this
subject. I am perfectly content that the Senate
shall take the vote now. 1 only want the decision
of th'
tion
thought proper, on this occasion, to say that this
demand of General Scott was an iniquitous one.
Mr. WELLER. I beg' the Senator's pardon.
I could not have said anything of the sort. I said
that the attempt of the aids to go back and claim
the back pay of lieutenant colonels from 1847,
under the joint resolution passed two years ago,
wa.-* iniquitous.
the Senate of the United States upon the ques-
ts The honorable Senator from California has
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am glad to be cor-
rected. I have very few remarks to make upon
the subject.
The gentleman from Michigan alleges that one
construction is now attempted to be put on the
bill,•and another was put before it was passed.
He desires to be informed of the fa'ct. Here,
perhaps, is the best evidence on that question—a
letter from General Scott:
"The Senate certainly had notice that the resolution was
intended, and was expected to confer additional emolu-
ments. The announcement seems to have induced Mr.
Pettit, who evidently doubted the piopilety of ereasnj? or
reviving the rank, to abstain from giving an adverse vote/'
The whole letter goes on to show that the Sen-
ate had notice. I presume the Senate had notice.
Everybody else here had notice. Though not
having the honor of a seat here, or in the other
House of Congress, I was here at the time, and
I know the universal understanding out of the
Senate was, that it was to confer additional com-
pensation on General Scott. If the Senate did
not know it or understand it, they knew less than
anybody else did. That far I can state the fact,
and that was understood to be one of the motives
for adopting it.
Here was a conquering general returning from
a glorious campaign. The country felt grateful
to him, and proud of his services. "Was it un-
natural to desire to compensate him? His infe-
riors had received promotion; his inferiors had
received increased honors time and again* many
of them as many as two or three brevets, or two
or three promotions for gallant services, and with
those promotions increased pay. "Why should
it be withheld from the general ? Did it become
us to receive a conquering and triumphant gen-
eial, returning to his country, without some evi-
dence of our appreciation of his services? If he
had been consul, and returned from such a cam-
paign to Rome, he would have had a triumph in
the city. If ho had Reived a European country
as he has served us, what would have been his
reward ?
What have we given him : The Senator from
California says in ten years—-for his brevet I be-
hove dates hack to the taking of Vera Ciuz, ten
years ago—by the authority given to the Presi-
dent himself, who ante-dated his commission, h'S
pay would amount to ^3*3,51)0 in addition to what
he has received, according to the construction
of thf* House of Representatives. Is that an ex-
orbitant sum—$32,500 of addition accruing during
a period of ten years ? Is it not a cheap price for
such services? Is it not a cheap rate at which
to exhibit the generosity and patriotism of the
Congress of the Umted«States ? 1 think so.
This resolution proposes to govern General
Scott's compensation by the laws existing at the
time the increased lank was given—the acts of
1797 and 1798—and another act makmg certain
allowances These were preexisting laws. This
resolution does riot pretend to determine what is
the result, and what the amount of these compen-
sations and allowances are, according to those
acts, but gives him the compensation previously
provided bylaw for his rank. Is not that just
and right? Are we tostand now, I submit to you,
sir—I submit it to my honorable friends who are
adverse to this bill, ought we to stand chaffering
at the counter with such a general and such a
public servant as Scott has been? Ought we to
stand chaffering with him about a few dollars
under an act designed as a bounty ? Let us re-
spond to the grateful national spirit which dictated
the passage of the original resolution, and to what"
will it lead us ? Not to a nice exactness of ac-
counting with him. I would say to General Scott,
" Here, sir, are the laws; you are a great national
man; Congress has conferred on you this giate-
ful honor; we have no case exactly in point in
the public offices here, but, General Scott, make
out your account, and we will not stand chaff* r~
mg with the conqueror of Mexico about the
difference of a few dollars in our rcspcctive ac-
!j counts." There is no gentleman here who, m
!l his private transactions in a case assimilated to
1 the present, would not do that very thing. "Why,
then, should we not do it here? for the nation is
more bountiful than we can afford to be, and more
generous, and ought to stamp on history the ap-
preciation she entertains of these great national
services.
General Scott, during the Mexican war, waa
almost the only officer who distinguished himself
that has not received honors and rewards, pecu-
niary as well as professional. He had none
but the reward of being stricken down in the
midst of his labors, and brought before some
young brigadiers—our present Attorney General
being one of those young brigadiers—to have his
conduct inquired into; whether he had conducted
skillfully and well the campaign which had re-
sulted so gloriously ! Congress are repairing all
these wrongs; but I do not wish to bring up their
investigation at all; I wish to see whether we are
not disposed to extend the $32,500, and be satis-
fied that it is no more than right.
Let my honorable friend from California, who
thinks this is a large sum, compute and compare it
with the compensation which we give here We
I give $8,000 a year to the Postmaster General;
$8,000 a year to every Cabinet officer. We give
to the honorable Senator from California himself,
if I understand the compensation bill, more than
thirty-two thousand five hundred dollars for his
services here for the last six years. If you carry
it back to ten years, it would be a very great deal
more than that. The services rendered by hon-
orable members of Congress may be an unapt
| subjcct to which to apply this sort of comparison;
' but however great and beneficial to his country
may be the service of a gentleman here in sitting
on one of these cushions, and voting his yea.and
his nay, and expounding questions before us,
there is no danger in it. It is all peaceful; it ia
all honor; it is all a species of iepose at last; and
the service of those who enjoy this high dignity,
and high privilege, and great power, is compen-
sated, and more money actually paid without
question, than ten years' pay of Scott, making
$32,500 for such a campaign as his.
Sir, I think it is the policy of this country to
compensate great and acknowledged public ser-
vices liberally—not merely as an individual com-
pensation—not merely as a gratification to the
individual, but as calculated to encourage and
nurse up a brave national spirit. Perhaps noth-
ing m our history has more increased our reputa-
tion as a nation abroad, and more gratified our
pride at home, than the Mexican war and the
achievements of Scott, the soldier of this age,
There is not living now, m Europe or America,
a man of higher professional reputation than Gen-
eral Scott—a man fit to have been a Roman con-
sul, fit to have stood by Ceesar\s side m battle—-
a man who has added to ourcountry's honorand
our country's glory, and made our name in war
bright and glorious before the eyes of all the
woild.
I do not intend to elaborate. I know that these
sentiments are as strongly entertained by some
of my friends on the other side who opposed the
resolution as by myself. I know that in other
respects, taking a different view of this matter
from myself, calculating according to former laws
cxactly, they think his pay would not amount to
so much. It is right we should go by the law;
but we are the law-makers; and it is because of a
difficulty arising m the construction of former
laws that the House of Representatives haspassed
and sent to us this bill, which is in the nature of
a declaratory one, declaring not what the previous
laws meant, but what they shall be understood to
mean—that is all. We have a right to do it; and
our interpretation of them is the interpretation
of what we meant when we passed the former
laws. This is no repioach on any of those who
have miscalculated under the former laws. I do
notundertake todecide thatquestion. It requires
more military experience and knowledge than I
have to calculate what und'er the previous laws
| would have been the exact compensation to which
j! General Scott was entitled. It is because of
II honest differences of opinion among high public
|! oificers upon that question that Congress has
found it necessary to interfere by this declaratory
resolution, saying how it shall be understood. It
is no impeachment of any man's former judgment;
but it is an act of legislation in the form of a de-
claration how those laws shall be understood;
that is, what shall be taken to have been their
! meaning, whether it was so or not, what shall be
i understood to have been our intention. It makes
I no reflection on the accounting officers who have
| supposed according to their construction, no doubt
. an honest one, that General Scott was entitled to
: less than he supposed himself to be. It is no
