1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1005
impeachment upon thejudgmentof General Scott,
who thought himself entitled, upon a safe con-
struction of the same laws, to more. Because of
this difference Congress is called on to interfere
and by its declaration declare how the laws shall
be understood. Itimpeaches nothing done in the
past, but only prescribes what shall be done in
the future.
I am sure there is no Senator here who thinks
this compensation more than adequate to the great
services rendered by this man. I do not stand
here to eulogize him. I speak of him as a part
and parcel of the history of our country. I speak
of the great acts that have been done under his
command, adding to the reputation and honor of
the country, which are its strength. If thatcould
be counted and coined into dollars, vastly would
it have increased the great sum now in the Sub-
Treasury, with this exception: that the riches in
name andfame which he has acquired, cannot be
and are incapble of being locked up in a Sub-
Treasury. They are in the keeping of all intel-
ligent mankind. They are there a sacred depos-
itory, and they will be preserved in the memory
of his grateful country. I
1 have said more than I intended. I pray the
Senate to let us have action on this subject. I am
sure I may trust to t,he magnanimity of some of
my friends on the other side of the house who
have manifested hostility to this bill, to believe
that they will feel that this bill is entitled at least
to be acted upon. It has all the sanction of having
passed an other branch of the Legislature'by a large
majority. Its delay here has been granted to all
those who asked and wanted further information
for the purpose of obtaining it. For the last two
months these delays have been entirely the result
of those calls for information, and there was no
time at which we could call it up. I waited anx-
iously myself for its passage; and with due cour-
tesy to the gentlemen, with due courtesy to their
requests for further information, I bowed in sub-
mission to the delays which resulted from the in-
formation they sought from the Department; but
now when that information is before us, I say it
contributes but little to the elucidation of the sub-
ject. General Scott, even by the construction
given by the Committee on Military Affairs of
the Senate to the previous laws, would be entitled
to #10,000 according to the amendment which
they have proposed; and he will be entitled, if
this bill passes, gentlemen say, to $14,000 a year.
Gentlemen call this compensation. This com-
pensation includes the fuel by which he is warmed,
like every lieutenant or captain in the Army. The
country gives fuel and quarters to those men.
That is to keep them alive. They give rations.
That is not only to sustain the officer himself,
but to provide him means for that hospitality
which a warm-hearted soldier who expects to
succeed in battle must employ to conciliate his ;
equals and his subordinates. He must have them
with him. This amount can hardly be called his ;
own. But this sum is all lie gets. From his shoes \
up to his hospitable dming-table, it includes all. j
what will it leave such a man as he who com- j
mands the armies of the United States, who is in |
the dally intercourse and in the exchange of lios- ;
pitality with all his brother officers who visit him
—what will that $10,000 leave him ? What will
be his clear profit at the end of the year? What
will he have to lay up when old age and increas-
ing infirmities shall perhaps increase his demands
for the ease and enjoyments and comforts of life ? j
Will he be able to lay up anything? No, sir.
I ask my friend from California, if Congress
sat here all the year, what would it cost him for
his attendance here? Would it not cost him
$10,000? Yes, sir. When he settles up his ac-
counts for this three months' session, if it does
not take one third of that sum to square him off,
his experience has been more fortunate than mine.
It would cost him every dollar of it to stay here
a year. He may have private means, but you
have no right to infer that as to a soldier. He is
destined to poverty; that is the ordinary lot of the
brave and honest soldier. When he comes to die
his greatest and only boast will be his poverty—
" My hand is unstained with pelf."
I have been intimate with General Scott for
years, and have known his condition in point of
property. General Scott, as a major general up
to the time when he went to the war with Mex-
ico, and since that, has been left in debt from one
thousand to fifteen hundred dollars every year of
his life time. That has been his condition; that
is- now hia condition. I believe that if General
Scott were to die this day, reserving that limited
property which belongs to his wife and children,
he would have the glory and the honor of having
served his country as a major general for forty
years, and then be buried at the public expense.
Mr. BUTLER. _ I have but a very few words
to say on this subject; for, after what has been
said by ray honorable friend from Kentucky, cer-
tainly little is left to me. I originally called up
this measure, and perhaps in so'me respects was
discourteous to my friend, the chairman of the
committee, in doing so; but I asked him to call
it up, and he said he would do so.
The circumstances by which we are surrounded,
the limited time of the session, prevent mo from
saying much on this subject. Frankness lequires
me to say that I have no doubt personal partiality
contracted for General Scott from some of the
transactions which occurred in the Mexican war,
may have influenced my judgment heretofore,
and may influence it to some extent now. With
that declaration, however, I am willing- to proceed.
I shall vote against all amendments, and shall
vote for the House bill. If the people's Repre-
sentatives, who have the power of raising taxa-
tion, pass such a bill as this, I shall not dispute
it, but regard it as merely a declaratory bill,
giving General Scott what I presume the previous
statutes to which this is referable entitle him.
In justice to myself I will say, that when I
voted for the brevet rank of lieutenant general,
I thought it was a laurel. It is a singular fact
that the bay, the laurel, the myrtle, and all those
things which are the emblems of honor, bear no
fruit; but if I havemade him a grant of a tree
which bears fruit, let him have it. I will rejoice
all the more.
I shall not undertake to make a calculation in
reference to General Scott's pay. I believe that
the money you have given him he has earned—
ay, even as a laborer. He came from the war of
1812 a laureled hero, and he camo from the war
with Mexico a consummate general; and to my
certain knowledge, and from information which
I could produce here, that gentleman (for in all
the relations of life he has exhibited all the attri-
butes of a gentleman) I know has expended every
dollar of his money to maintain the honor of his
flag. In war, his marquee was the resort of hos-
pitality. When the Englishman, or the French-
man, or the Mexican general, had occasion to
resort to it, be found a man who would maintain
the honor not only of an individual gentleman,
but the honor of the representative of the great
Confederacy whose sword he bore. I know that
fact. I know that he has not saved a dollar for
himself; but hovsf has he spent it all? You may
say it is one of the attributes of glory. I do
not care whether it is or not. Every dollar that
General Scott received hasbeenmadetocontribute
to the honor, to maintain the dignity and the flag
of his country.
It has been said that Republics are ungrateful.
I do not think so in relation to this gentleman—•„
I speak of him as a gentleman. It has been said,
as an attempt to detract from his merits, that he
is not entitled to this, or not entitled to that. I
shall not inquire into that. I think the Roman
historian, who would .have taken one leaf from
the page which invested Scipio with his laurels
and his honors? would have been almost commit-
ting treason. I shall not take a single leaf from
the laurel which has enshrined the brow of this
ficro.* I will show what has been done in for-
eign countries in regard to this matter, and then
you will see the contrast between what has been
done by France, Russia, and England, in relation
to their generals, and see what is now denied to
ours.'
The recent war in the Crimea has caused the
following rewards to be distributed: Marshal Ar-
naud's family received the round sum of 750,000
francs—about $150,000. Pelissier, first in com-
mand, Canrobert second, and Bosquet third, have
each been made a marshal, and received a large
gratuity — Pelissier, 3,000,000 francs. Raglan
was made a marshal and a peer, and the Govern-
ment has given pensions for life to his widow and
son—to the 6rst$5,000, and to the second $10,000.
Admiral Lyons was promoted one step in the
navy, and made a peer, with about double pay.
The Russian Government has been equally lib-
eral in giving rank and fortunes to its command-
ers.
Mr. HUNTER. The hour of one o'clock has
arrived; and I move to postpone the prior orders
and take up the deficiency bill. *
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let us have a vote on this
joint resolution.
Mr. CLAY and others. You cannot get a vote
now.
Mr. RUSK. I understand the effect of the
motion of the Senator from Virginia will be to
give precedence to this subject at our next meet-
ing as the unfinished business.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Iain satisfied with that.
I have not another word to say on the subject.
Mr. HUNTER. There are other gentlemen
who wish to debate if. I move to postpone all
prior orders, and take up the deficiency bill.
The motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL. *
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as m Committee of the Whole, to consider
the hill (H. R. No. 635) to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending 30th of June, 1857.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Finance was tt^strike out the clause:
To make up the additional allowance for the Congres-
sional Globe, and binding file same, for the first and second
sessions of the Thiriy-Fourth Congress, under ibe sixteenth
section of the act of 18th August, 1856, $3,286 62.
Mr. HUNTER. The object is merely to change
the phraseology. As it stands, a separate head
of appropriations must be opened in the Treas-
ury books for this item. It is the pay we ordered
to the Globe on the motion of the Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Brown.] last year, giving so
many cents for so many pages. It is to carry out
the law.
Mr. ADAMS. I have no objection to the
amendment; but it is to carry out, as I under-
stand, a law passed at the last session to pay a
particular individual. My friend from* Virginia
last night, on the Post Office'appropriation bill,
upon a precisely similar proposition to carry out
a previous law, was very decidedly of opinion
that it was a private claim. I cannot see any
difference between that and this amendment. I
differed with hirn then. I think this amendment
is right, but I cannot see any difference between
the cases. It was insisted last night, that the case
to which I allude was a private claim.
Mr. HUNTER. This appropriation is already
in the bill sent from the House of Representatives.
I move to change the phraseology.
Mr. SEWARD. Is the amendment printed?
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir. I was afraid if it
got into the hands of the printer, the bill would
not pass in time.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the^Committee on
Finance was, in lieu of the clause just stricken
out, to insert:
For the compensation of the officers, clcrks, messengers,
and otlieis receiving an annual salary in the service of the
Senate viz:
For an additional messenger from the 1st of February to
the 30th of June. 1857, at $1,900 per annum, $496 66.
For inoiease of compensation of the superintendent in
ehaige of the Senate furnaces from the 14th of August,
1856, to the 30th of June, 1857, at §120 per annum, in addi-
tion to his former salary, $104 78.
For contingent expenses of the Senate, viz :
For Congressional Globe, and binding the same, $-3,286 62.
For elciks to committees, pages, police, horses, and car-
ry-alls, $14,701.
For stationeiv, $4,000.
For reporting piocoedmgs$16,797 44.
~ For miscellaneous items, $2,600.
Mr. HUNTER. I will explain that amend-
ment. One appropriation is for an additional
watchman who was authorized by the presiding
officers of the two Houses. The rest of the
amendment is to carry out resolutions of the last
session. They are the estimates of our Secre-
tary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was, to add to the appropriations for
the Army:
Foi clothing for the Army, camp and garrison equipage,
$332,056 18.
Mr. HUNTER. This amendment, and others,
are for deficiencies in the quartermaster's depart-
ment, I will have, if it is desired, a commum-
