THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. O.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Sess
THURSDAY, MARCH 5, 1857.
New Series.....No.,64.
importance we are to(attac.h to the deliberate de-
cisions of this Court of Claims. I recollect one
case not long since, where that court was unani-
mous; their decision came here, and some one
got up and moved to postpone indefinitely a bill
which was recommepded by them, and it was so
postponed. That court is a perfect mockery, if
that is the importance you are to attach to its
decisions. Is it treating the solemn decisions of a
court you have erected to try these questions, with
sufficient respect, after they have deliberately,
upon thorough argument and investigation on
lioth sides, come to a conclusion upon any subject
within their proper jurisdiction, for a man to rise
here in his place as a Senator, without that delib-
eration, without an opportunity for that under-
Standing of the case which the court have neces-
sarily had in investigating it, and propose to
reverse their judgment upon a mere ex parte argu-
ment ?
I was anxious to pass the bill creating that
court. I did whatever I could to influence Con-
gress to have a court of this kind established.
Why did I do so? Because my experience for
a short time as' a member of the Committee on
Claims of this body, had convinced me that Con-
gress, of all places in the world was the least fitted
to investigate these questions of private right. All
our investigations being entirely ex parte, only
acting upon such evidence as the parties saw fit
to bring before us, no man who had the least ex-
perience injudicial matters could fail to feel that
every step we took was entirely unsatisfactory.
No adverse testimony was taken; nobody ap-
peared in behalf of the Government to set forth
its rights. ^ Being actuated by considerations like
these, the investigator must frequently be driven
to do injustice to a meritorious claimant, because
of the fear for want of investigation that he would
do injustice to the Government. I say, then, that
Congress was the most unfit place in the world
for the investigation of these questions of private
right. I was anxiousto erecta court which should
be clothed with power to investigate and arrive at
a rational and legal conclusion upon these sub-
jects. I was the more anxious for it because I
was in hopes that a rational system would be built
up here founded upon judicial precedent, so that
a man's rights, when he came to Congress, should
not depend upon the capricious will of a majority
here who had had no time to investigate his case,
and who, at the best, could do but very doubtful
justice.
Now, sir, we have erected the court. No man
impeaches either their ability or their judicial
integrity. Nobody thinks of assailing it any
more than he thinks of assailing the high court
sitting beneath us. Let me say, that if the Su-
preme Court of the United States were to submit
their decisions to our reinvestigation, I fear they
would fare no better than does the Court of
Claims. I believe we should at once afiirm the
decisions of that court, especially where there is
no division of opinion, where they are unanimous,
where the question is one of right and of law and
of judicial construction, where they have delib-
erated upon it, where the importance of the ques-
tion they are about to decidc is fully made known
to them, and they have come slowly and hesi-
tatingly to the conclusion at which they have
arrived. They deliberated long on this subject;
it was argued "before them; it was not done in a
hurry. The case conies with the full weight of
the deliberate decision of a court perfectly com-
petent to investigate it, and having given it the
most thorough investigation on both sides, they
have come to precisely the conclusion that I know
the Senate intended they should come when they
passed the law. It was so stated by the Senator
from Maine at the time he offered the amend-
ment. I remember very well he declared his pur-
pose. The Senate seemed to approve it, for they
adopted it with their eyes open, with his own con-
struction stated, with a full purpose to do pre-
cisely what the Court of Claims say you have
done, and what I, as a lawyer, believe you
have done. 1 do not believe any sound lawyer,
64
investigating these questions on legal principles,
and interpreting these laws, can come to a differ-
ent. conclusion from the court.
Now, sir, why shall we overturn their decision ?
Is it because the widows of revolutionary soldiers
are numerous, and will call for a largo sum out
of your Treasury? That might have been a rea-
son before the law was passed; but their rights
having attached under the laws that you have
passed, that consideration is entirely foreclosed,
if anybody wished to open it. I am not one of
those who wish to do so. I am willing to do full
and perfect justice, not only to revolutionary sol-
diers, but to the wives of revolutionary soldiers.
I voted for the law knowing and believing that it
would have the same effect that the court say it
has; I wouldvoteforitoveragain; but if there are
Senators here who would not, and who, if it was
an open and new question, would not appropriate
this amount for this purpose, I say to them,
your opposition is too late; the law has already
provided for this; the rights of these parties have
attached, and you cannot detach them.
Mr. President, I am not going to prolong my
remarks on this subject; for I feel that every mo-
ment from now to the end of the session is val-
uable. I do not often take up any time at all. I
generally endeavor to inform myself how to vote,
and vote silently. I know time is precious; but
this is a great question. If I am right—if the
committees of the two Houses are right, who have
unanimously come to the same conclusion as the
court, the question is important. It is important
because the recipients of this bounty are all old,
necessitous, and decrepit; and if you intend that
they shall ever have what belongs to them under
former legislation now is the time. They must
all of them be greatly advanced in age; and if
this measure is to do them any good, it should
be acted upon promptly. They are all passing
away. Their representatives will be undoubtedly
entitled to this money, because the right has at-
tached and vested, and never will be divested; but
our purpose is to give them personally the ben-
efit, and not give it to their remote successors.
It is wrong in another point of view that we
should attach so little importance to the decisions
of this court. You compel a litigant to go into
the Court of Claims; and there, perhaps with as
slow a process as marks the progress of a suit
through any other court, he proceeds at great
vexation, trouble, and expense, to comply with
all the requisites of the law which you en join on
him. He takes evidence, and awaits his time for
a decision with a court overburdened and crowded.
You put him to the delay of prosecuting his claim ;
before that tribunal, giving the case the same rigid '
investigation that any other court would give; and !
when he has got through there, you turn him !
around to Congress, and some lawyer here rises
and says; " I do not believe in the construction
the court have given to the law; I do not believe,
after all, you are entitled to it." Tnen the ques-
tion is as wide open as it was before; and the ]
litigant has to come to Congress, and litigate the
case all over again. If this is to be your course,
what good does your court do? I say again, if ;
you treat it m that way, it is a mere mockery; !
and instead of facilitating it, is an obstruction to ,
justice.
Great as the question is, I hope it will now be '
decided deliberately. On account of its import- :
ance, I hope every Senator will turn his attention
to it sufficiently to arrive at a conclusion satis- ;
factory to himself, and then it will be satisfactory j
to me. I have no interest in it; but as a member :
of the Committee on Claims, I know that, unless ;
this be done, the result must be to make these I
widows litigate every case separately, and harass 1
all of us with suit after suit, putting them to !
delay and unnecessary trouble and expense. To !
avoid that, we have thought it our duty to pro- j
pose this amendment to this bill, which is the i
appropriate place; for it is a deficiency. It is pro-:
vided for by law; but there is no appropriation
for it, and therefore I hope the Senate will act i
promptly. 1
Mr. STUART. I ask the attention of the Sen-*
ate for a few minutes while I satisfy them, as f
think I Can, that even if every argument which
the Senator from Ohio has adduced is true, this'
proposition ought not to be adopted. I do not
think at this time, and on this deficiency appro-
priation bill, we should stop to settle a general
question of law. Appropriations are only to' be
made in this bill for the purpose of meeting ex-
isting liabilities; and unless there be $1,500,000
of these claims allowed and waiting for payment,
we should not appropriate that amount of money
to pay them. As I understand, only two or three
of these cases have been reported 'to the Senate,
and those are limited in amount; all of them will
not reach $5,000; and yet it is proposed by the
Senator representing the Committee on Claims to
appropriate one and a half millions of money
out of the Treasury at this time on the deficiency
bill, as if the Government's liability now existed.
This amount is based on an estimate made by the
Secretary of the Interior upon this hypothesis:
that if every widow entitled to a pension shall
apply, and shall receive it according to the con-
struction of the Court of Claims, it will take this
amount of money to pay them. But who knows
that every widow will apply ? Who knows that if
every widow does apply, her claim will be proved
to be within this law?
I need not detain the Senate on this point. The
very statement of the proposition shows that
it has no business on this bill. You may go on
with all these hypotheses, and unless you as-
sume that everything will happen, the liability
will never exist; but if it does happen, when will
it happen ? Has it happened already ? If so, we
ought to make this appropriation on the deficiency
bill; butitniay nothappen infiveyears; itmaynot
happen in ten years; hence there is no reason for
entertaining a proposition to pay gl,500,000 now."
But again, sir, let mo say to the Senate, that it
subverts the very plan and principle on which we
established the court. In obedience to the law,
when this court hears a claim, and allows it, it is
made its duty to report a bill appropriating the
amount of money necessary to pay that claim,
and then, and then only, and thus only, can
Congress exercise its legitimate revisory power
over the action of the court in the particular case.
Suppose the Senate should conclude unanimously
that the principle established by the court in this
instance was right — I am only supposing it,
because I confess to you I think it wrong; but I
am arguing it as if the Committee on Claims and
the Court of Claims were right — suppose the
court determines a question of law correctly, it
does not follow that the court has decided the
facts of the particular case correctly; and there-
fore I say that by this amendment, if it be adopted,
and the principle be carried out, you take out of
the hands of Congress the revisory power which
every one who advocated the bill for the estab-
lishment of the court insisted should be retained.
A proposition to establish a court whose judg-
ment should be considered conclusive upon Con-
gress to appropriate money, could not have re-
ceived a tenth part of the votes of the body which
passed the law establishing the court; and yet
that is Ihe effect of the proposition.
Without detaining the Senate further, I say
that, conccding the Senator fiomOhio to be right
in every argument he has adduced in reference
to this law and its construction, it furnishes no
reason for asking us now to appropriate §1,500,000
of money, being the entire amount that will ever
become due, if every one shall apply under the law.
Mr. WADE. 1 wish to make one statement
to the Senator. The amount- is not <1,500,000.
I supposed the Department stated it at a very
large sum; hut nevertheless it is their estimate,
judging from the pensions already granted. 1
presume they can estimate exactly the amount
required, and have done so. They have estimated
the amount necessary to be $1,100,000—a little
more than a million. It does not amount to
$1,500,000, but it is certain and fixed, as I under-
stand.
