1010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Mr. STUART. Not at all. This is the esti-
mate of the Department under the supposition
that everybody entitled under this decision of the
court will apply, and receive the money.
Mr. WADE. They have applied, and received
pensions from 1853, after the passage of the law,
and this amount is already ascertained to be due
in the intermediate period between 1848 and 1853.
That is the fact of the ease.
Mr. STUART. I am not contending that they
may not have applied to the Department. That
is another question. Jf they have applied to the
Department, the Department has rejected the
claim, because the Department gives a construc-
tion to this law directly opposite to that of the
Court of Claims, and the Department does not
adopt the opinion of the Court of Claims as its
guide at all. The Department insists on its own
construction, and acts on it now.
Mr. WADE. 1 admit that; but the Senator
says it is uncertain, it is problematical whether
this sum will be called for. I say that, taking the
number of widow pensioners now on the rolls of
the Department, the amount required to satisfy
the decision of the courtis capable of exact ascer-
tainment. It is fixed and certain.
Mr. STTJART. I do not so understand. I do
not understand that the number of applicants
before the Department does call for this amount.
That is not my reading of the letter of the Secre-
tary of the Interior; but as I said, if that were so,
it does not alter the question. I do not suppose
these widows have applied to the extent to which
it may be presumed they will apply. Some have
applied, and been rejected. That probably is the
reason why others do not apply. The Depart-
ment insists on its own construction, and does
not change it agreeably to the opinion of the Court
of Claims; anu the only way'this question can
reach the Treasury is when Congress shall decide
on each bill reported from the Court of Claims.
There is no ground for this appropriation.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I rise for the purpose of
appealing to my friend from Ohio to withdraw
this amendment to the deficiency bill. It is quite
evident that it is not agreeable to the Senate to
consider it at this time. I was not present, as a
member of the committee, when it passed on this
question; but I concur with the Court of Claims
in the construction it has given to the law of
1853. The Interior Department construed that
law not to go back to 1848. I think a pi oper con-
struction of it will carry it back to 1848. But it
must be apparent to my friend from Ohio that this
item which he now proposes, appropriating a
million of money, presents a laige question to the
members of this body—a question of law, which
they have not time to consider, which they will
not consider; and if they vote upon it now, they
will vote without any satisfaction to themselves.
If the Court of Claims is rig lit, the incoming Ad-
ministration will perhaps adopt its construction.
A new Secretary of the Interior may adopt the
construction of this act of 1853, sanctioned by the
Court of Claims; and if so, at the opening of the
next session we shall have an estimate here for
the amount. Therefore, although I concur in the
construction which has been given to this law by
the Court of Claims, 1 think at this late period
of the session it is not exactly in order to be
attempting to put it on this deficiency bill.
Mr. FESSENDE3NT. Mr. President, I think
there cannot be much difficulty about this matter,
if Senators will take a little trouble to understand
it. My fuend from Veuuont [Mr. Cullamer]
says he does not understand it, and I have en-
gaged to explain it to his satisfaction. I will
endeavor to do so.
The question is a very simple one. In 1848,
Congress passed a law giving a certain amount
of pensions to the widows of revolutionary offi-
cers and soldiers who were married previous to
1800. In the year!bo3 Congress passed another
law, giving to the widows of those who married
after Januaiy, 1800, the same amouutof pension
" in the same manner" that it was given to the
others by the law of 1848. The amendment
making that provision was offered by my former
colleague, Mr, Hamlin; and he said to ihe Senate
in my hearing, that it was his intention and un-
derstanding when he offered it that these widows
(should draw their pensions fiorn 1848 under
the expression "in the same manner." That,
however, was not a judicial construction. Mi',
Stuart, of Virginia, I think, was then Secretary
of the Interior, and he construed the law to mean
that those taking under the law of 1853 should
date from 1848. When Mr. McClelland came
into office, he reversed that decision,and decided
they should only take their pension from 1853,
the time of the passage of the act. That left the
question an open one whether they should receive
from 1853 or 1848. He only paid them froml853;
Mr. Stuart had paid them from 1848. Two years
ago, I think, I olfered an amendment to the pen-
sion appropriation bill, providing that the widows
coming under the law of 1853 should receive their
pensions from 1848. It was debated here in the
Senate, and was adopted by a vote of the Sen-
ate. Mr. Hamlin was then here, and stated his
understanding of the intention of the law. Other
gentlemen did the same thing. The Senate voted
in favor of the amendment, and it was adopted.
It went to the House of Representatives, and it
was there struck out on account of the amount.
The Committee of Ways and Means in the
House of Representatives, to whom the bill was
sent, inquired of the Department how much money
it would take to pay the arrears of pension to
the widows entitled to pensions who had already
proved their right to them in the Department, and
the reply was: " Somewhere from one million to
one million two hundred thousand dollars;" and
therefore the Committee of Ways and Means
struck out that amendment. It then came to the
Senate, and that fact was stated by the chairman
of the Committee on Finance; and that being
stated, an honorable Senator from California, [Mr.
Weli.er,] who had rendered me most efficient, aid
by a very able speech in carrying the amendment,
originally retraced his steps, and said he had no
idea it would take so much money, and if he had
so supposed he should not have sustained it; and
therefore he voted the other way, and it was lost.
The question, therefore, turned on the simple fact
that, although the measure was right in itself in
the estimation of a majority of the Senate, and
that was the meaning of the act of 1853, yet as
it would fake so much money it would not do to
pass it. This was done in the face of all we hear
about the great surplus in the Tieasury, and the
difficulty of disposing of it, and the dangers to
the Republic, of having so much money.
What has been the consequence > It was an
open question. One Secretary of the Interior had
decided it one way, and another Secretary of the
Interior had decided it another way.
Mr. P C G11. I think the Senator is in error in
that statement. On reading the papers, I find that
a former Commissioner of Pensions, Mr. Heath,
decided that the pensions commenced with the
date of the act of 1853, and his successor decided
that they commenced with the completion of the
proof.
Mr. FESSENDEJJ". I a;otmy information from
my colleague, Mr. Hamlin. I was informed that
the construction of Mr. Stuart was as I have
stated. There was an appeal from the Commis-
sioner of Pensions to the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. STUART. In the debates as published,
in the opinion of Ihe court, it seems that Mr.
Hamlin's statement was, that while the question
was pending here, he went and inquired inform-
ally of the Secretary of the Interior, Mr. Stuart,
of Virginia, what would be his construction, and
he told him that this would be the construction.
He did not give any such decision however.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the same thing
substantially. It was his constiuction of the act.
Whether any cases under it came before him or
not I do not know. Thus the case was It ft in this :
position: one construction put on it by one Sec-
retary of the Interior, another by another Secre- |
tary of the Interior, an admission of its justice by ;
the Senate of the United States on a vote, that '
vote not agreed to on tlie part of the House of !
Representatives on account of the money it would !
take, and the Senate reversing its position for the ■
same reason. !
What followed 5 Several of these widows have I
carried this question of law to the Court of Claims i
to find out what was the true construction of the ;
act of 1853, whether it gave them their pensions i
from 1848 or not: and the Court of Claims have '
unanimously decidcd that, according to the legal I
construction of the act, its true intent and mean- j
ing, they are entitled to receive their pensions j
from the year 1848, whoa the first act was passed. '
The decision of the court is on the construction
of the act; that is to say, that a widow married
after January, 1800, is, under the act of 1853,
entitled to receive her pension from 1848, when
the first act was passed. That is the unanimous
decision of the Court of Claims.
Now, sir, we have the law as passed; we have
the construction put upon it at once by the Sen-
ate; we have the construction put upon it by one
of the Secretaries of the Interior; we have the
construction of the Court of Claims unanimously,
who have considered it as lawyers and judges;
and we have the construction by the Committees
on Claims of the two branches of Congress. One
might well think that if these widows were thus
legally entitled to their money, and it had been
so decided, the matter need go no further. The
honorable Senator from Michigan answers:" This
amount is not necessary; all that is needed is
enough to pay those persons who have litigated
their claims." Sir, that is not the question. I
ask him, does he wish to send every single one
of these widows through the Court of Claims
with a lawsuit to establish her right? Is that
the kind of justice he would deal out to them
when the subject has already gone there, and the
Court of Claims have decided the right m some
two or three cases ? Is it just, is it decent, 1 will
ask, to send every one of these widows to the
Court of Claims, to go through a lawsuit, to
employ counsel, to subject herself to all the neces-
sary expenses of the prosecution of a suit, in order
to get her money ? The question has been set-
tled, and it becomes strictly a deficiency. Why?
They are all shown to be widows, entitled to pen-
sions under the law of 1853. The question then
is, whether provision shall be made to entitle them
to receive their money under the law of 1848, and
from 1848 to 1853; because, if we have a decent
man, a man of any sort of sense or propriety, in
the Department of the Interior, now or at any
future time, when this question has been settled
by the Court of Claims as a court, and then been
decided by Congress in making the necessary
appropriations, he would be violating every prin-
ciple of right, and duty, and common honesty, if
he refused to pay it, and sent these people to the
court again. Pie would be setting up his own
judgment, or his own obstinacy, his own fixed
will, against the deliberate decision of the court
and the deliberate decision of Congress, founded
on that decision of a court.
It comes to this: whether, in the state of the
Treasury of which gentlemen complain so loudly,
with so much money as tn render it dangerous to
the community that it should be kept there, when
there is a class of poor widows who have tried
their rights in court, and it has been decided that
they are entitled to receive their money according
to the acts of Congress, we are to keep this mo-
ney locked up in the Treasury, and say to them,
" Go through with your litigation in the Court of
Claims, each and every one of you, if you live
long enough, (in the hope, probably, thatalarge
portion of them will die in the mean time,) and
when you get your bill there come into Congress
with it, and we will then fight over it for two or
three years on the ground that the Court of Claims
have decided wrong, and do not know what they
are about in construing a couple of statutes.
This is no mode to settle questions of this kind.
This is the very best time and the very best bill
on which to put this appropx-iation. If we in-
tend to do justice at all, we may as well do it now.
If we intend to deny it, we may as well take the
course pointed out by the Senator from Michigan,
and say that each of these persons must go through
the Court of Claims before she can get her money.
Mr. FOSTER. I am aware, Mr. President,
that time is precious; and I trust I show my ap-
preciation of that fact as much as many gentle-
men on this floor, and 1 trust I may say as much
as any gentleman on this floor; but with that fact
fully impressed on my mind, I must say a word in
behalf of the two thousand seven hundred widows,
whom the Secretary of the Treasury informs us
are entitled in his judgment to the benefit of tins
appropriation. If we have not time to spare for
them, we have not time to do anything.
There have been three acts in regard to widows
passed during and since the year 1848. The first
was the act of Februarys, 1S48; the next was
the act of July 29, 1848; and the next was the act
of February 3, 1853. The act of February Si,
