1012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
do the words "in the same manner" signify? j
Do they signify that you shall look back five
years anterior? Manner has no reference to |i
time. Time is one thing—mode or manner an- i!
other. Manner signifies mode; time signifies the ;
date at which a thing shall take effect. When, ;
therefore, the law said they shall have this com- \
pertsation in the same manner, it meant subject i
to the sa'me proof of service—subject to the same '■
proof of marriage—and not from the same time, ;
because time and manner arc separate and distinct j
things. ^ |
Now look at the illustration that this wise court ;
has given as a justification for the moat extra- ,
ordinary construction I ever heard of in my life. I
What is it? That Congress has the right to pre- ;
acribe the time, place, and manner for the election j
ofSenators and Representatives, and did prescribe ;
that all members of the House of Representatives '
should be elected in single districts composed of ■
contiguous territory; therefore (though it appears
to be a sort of non. constat to me) the word44 man-
ner," as understood by Congress, reaches so far
aa to cover contiguous territory, and if it reaches
so far as to require congressional districts to be
composed of contiguous territory, why would it
not reach to time, and look back to a period that
had passed and gone? It seems to me to bo ab-
surd. There is a special authority in the Consti-
tution which says Congress may regulate—what?
The manner? if " manner"included time, why
did the Constitution say " time, place, and man-
ner?" The very reference the court make proves
that manner does not include time, or else the
framcrs of the Constitution, with the great and
immortal Washington at their head, were guilty
of the most egregious folly by superadding a word
already implied m " manner." What say you to
that? The very reference they make when they
undertake to say manner includes time, proves
either that it docs not include time, or if it does,
that the framera of the Federal Constitution were
guilty of most egregious folly in superadding a
superlative word in order lo convey (he sense
they desired tu convey.
The law of 1853 naid not one wmd a=5 to when
it should take effect. In the absence of nny ex- ■
pression as to when a law shall take effect, it ;
takes effect from its date. Many of the States ;
have different provisions. Look into the eon- ,
stitutions of a large number of the sovereign
States of this Union, and you will find that, in
the absence of any express provision as to when j
a law shall take effect, it takes effect in ninety
days; in some sixty days; but in the absence of ;
all constitutional regulation, (and theie is no eon- ,
stitutional regulation m the Federal Constitution) '
it does not take effect until its passage. If the
law-making power desires it to take effect at an ;
anterior date, it must so express it. ^
Again: if we are consistent with our prede-
cessors, in every pension law which they have ,
passed when they desired to give it a retrospect-
ive operation, they have especially said so. In i
this case they have not said it; and is not the
conclusion irresistible that they did not intend it ?
One word more, and I hagc clone with this sub-
ject, for I am very anxious'about that horse bill.
[Laughter.] When the honorable Senator from
Maine brings up the equitable consideration of !
the claim of one of these widows, I will treat it ;
as an equitable question; and I trust I have it in '
my heart to do them full justice; but when I am :
cailed upon to sustain a law, I will do so. This 1
amendment is altogether out of order if the law :
does not already embrace the case. If you are ,
relying on the equitable claim these persons have,
it is out of order. You are asking us for new -
legislation; and consequently the rules of the
■Senate will not permit this amendment to this :
bill. If it be not embraced m the old law, it is? ,
out of order. If it be embraced in it, iL is all '
right." I hold that it is not embraced in it. When
you bring up this subject as an independent prop- i
osition, asking me to do justice to these widows,
I shall not be very Fticklish about dates. Per- i
haps I was not married quite as early as I ought j
to have been; and it is not a pleasurable anti- ;
cipation that my widow might be deprived of a I
pension on account of my meritorious services, '
because I was not married as early as I ought to
have been. I do not think the question of time
ai. all important; but that does not affect the con-
struction of the law. On the question of legal
construction, we are not to be influenced by the
relationship of these persons to the great defend-
ers of our rights. When the question of injus-
tice comes up, let us do justice; but when a ques-
tion of law is before us, as is now the case, let
us adhere to law in spite of every consideration.
However anxious my friend from Maine may be
to extend relief to these widows—and I am just
as anxious as he—let us not step over the bound-
ary of law—a law passed by our predecessors
—a law that fixes the rights of these parties; and
we need not make any unnecessary allusion to
what the Court of Claims or a committee of this
House have done, since, whatever a committee
may do, and whatever the Court of Claims may
do, is still subject to our revision and control, and
ought to be so. Mr. President, I hope we may
, have a vote as soon as we possibly can, so that
i we may reach that horse bill to which I have al-
: luded.
j Mr. BROWN. I wish to ask my friend from
1 Missouii a question. He has three or four times
1 expressed great anxiety to get up the horse bill.
I wish to know if he wants to consider a bill
■ relating to horses, in preference to one relating to
the ladies? [Laughter.]
1 Mr. GREEN. My horse bill, as it is called,
1 is not to pay horses, but to pay for horses, and
' the pay goes to the volunteers who fought in de-
, fense of their country, and their widows and
, orphans; .and in desiring the passage of that bill
' 1 am doing as much for widows and orphans as
does any other bill now pending, and a great deal
more. It is very strange that we can take time
' to vote ten thousand dolluis or more to the chief
j of the Army; and the strength of the Army—
! the volunteers—cannot get a hearing before the
Senate.
Mr. TOOMFIS. This ia a question of very
' considerable importance, and 1 think it has not
j been treated properly. I am not inclined to go
| into a discussion as to whether the Court of
I Claims be right or wrong, because we have a
; iemedy in either event. If the decision of the
Court of Claims be right, we ought to repeal the
law of 1853; and if the Senate shall reject the
pending amendment, I will propose one repeal-
ing that law. This isa gratuity—a gratuity that
it was obviously not the intention Congress should
date back previous to the passage of the law. If
it was, ic was an improvident gratuity. It is per-
fectly in the power of Congress, before payment
is made, to repeal the gratuity. They modified
the pension act of 1818 very considerably. There
are no vested rights in gratuities. Gentlemen
seem to imagine that this decision of the Court of
Claims has fastened on the Government the obli-
gation of making this payment; but I say the ques-
tion is as open now as if there was no law, because
we can put a short amendment on this bill repeal-
ing the law. My friend from Ohio is right when
he says, if you aregomgto let the law stand on this
construction, vote the money. I would do it with-
out Jiesitation if I were willing to let the law stand;
but m my opinion the construction is wrong, and
I would rather put it ^.t rest in an easier way.
As it is a gratuity, it ought to be construed most
strictly against the beneficiary.
From the beginning of the Government, in re-
gard to all pension laws, the rule was, when they
fixed no time, that the pension commenced from
the date of the completion of the proof of the
applicant. This outrage never commenced until
1S32. The first act of 1818 was confined to sol-
diers of the Revolution, who were paupers. In
we passed an act paying the claim which my
friend from South Carolina [Mr. Evaxs] lately
asked us to pay over asrain. In 1832, when the
soldiers of the Revolution were dead, we passed
the first law giving pensions to widows. Pen-
sions, being gratuities, should be construed most
stiictly against the beneficiary; and under this
rule, when no time was fixed, the period of the
completion of the proof was always the dote of
the commencement of the pension; and that has
been the standing rule from 1832 until now. unless
the law has fixed a different day. The Court of
' Claims has thought proper to overrule the con-
; structiou of the Department. I think they ought
: to be veiy cautious in doing this, because the
j constructions of the Department become the corn-
I mon law of the Government. The statements
J made here to-day show it. It has been said, that
. members had conversations with the head of the
Interior Department, and he thought this would
be the construction. This fact shows that the
construction of the Department was to have
weight with Congress. The uniform practice of
the Government should have still greater weight.
The rule of construction being as I have stated,
it is fair to suppose that the two Houses passed
this act with a view to that rule. I think the
criticism of my honorable friend from Missouri
is correct. Manner does not include time; and I
! think the court was wrong in that lespect; but I
| do not put thd case on that ground. They will get
i it from you or from some other Senate and House
i of Representatives, if they have the slightest
] place upon which to hang a gratuity. You will
! override all other legislation to get it. If the sum
; is small to-day, it will be larger to-morrow; and
the older it is the greater it will become, and the
. better chance it will have of being paid. Some
will yield to importunity; some for one reason,
' and some for another. You have but one way
' to get rid of it, and that is by repealing this law.
: I trust this amendment will be voted down; and
| if that be the sense of the Senate, I shall propose
j to repeal this act, or this construction. No money
I has been paid under it, and it is perfectly in our
i power to repeal it.
I j It is said that these pensioners are a more mer-
jj itorious class of people than others, and therefore
jj should receive greater consideration. The first
II grant of pensions to widows was to those who
had been partners in the toils and sufferings of
the revolutionary soldiers. Pensions were first
confined to those who were married before 3794,
up to which time the Indian wars that followed
the war of the Revolution continued. Those
wars lasted until the treaty of Grenville,in 1794,
and Congress at first limited the pensions to the
widows who bore the troubles and toils of their
husbands. There it stood for a long while; but
the poet tells us that the road to hell is easy;
smooth is the path and easy the descent. After
a while it was said, " Why not give a pension to
a woman who married on the 2d day of January,
i 1794, as well as to one who married on the 1st of
. January, 17D4?" A great deal of eloquence was
j expended on that proposition, and pensions were
: allowed in special eases of that kind. After a
while, as the Government became more corrupt
! and more profligate of the public money, they
said: " Let us bring in all those who were mar-
ried up to 1800." That has been done since I
have been a member of Congress. The reason
urged for it was, that they took care of the old
fellows; that those who married before 1800 had
been tender maidens who saw rough times with
these old veterans. Then, in 1853, getting still
richer, still more profligate, and still more careless
of the public money, and both branches of Con-
gress getting to be still greater demagogues, it
being considered "unpopular to oppose anything
connected with the revolutionary soldiers, they
said: " Let us bring in all the widows of revolu-
tionary soldiers, no matter when they were mar-
ried , although they may have been born after the
Revolution, although they may be rich, although
they may have since married men of means."
They were put in; and it was said they should
take pensions in the same manner as those who
had been married before 1800. By the previous
law, the pensions had been limited to those who
had been married prior to 1800; and the object
of the law of 1853 was to include those married
afterwards. Congress intended simply to admit
another class to these benefits; and as the time
for the commencement of the pensions was not
fixed, they stood on the general rule that they
should commence when the parties made good
their rights.
To show how much the opinion of Mr. Stuart,
the foimer Secretary of the Interior, is worth, I
will mention, when the act of 1853 was passed—
if I am not mistaken, I speak from memory—he
estimated that £'24,000 a year would be sufficient
to pay the pensions under it. Now, it turns our,
thatthere are two thousand seven hundred widows
getting pensions under it, and we are called upon
to appropriate more than one million dollars to
them as a deficicncy. If you look to the debate
on the bill of 1853 m both Houses, you will find
that it was passed on this remarkable statement
of Mr. Stuart. I may be mistaken as to the
amount; i think it was $24,000; I am sure it was
some comparatively inconsiderable sum. It was
