1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1013
passed under the idea of its covering only a few
widows, and taking but a small amount of money;
and now it provides for two thousand seven hun-
dred widows, and v/e are called upon to pay
$1,000,000 as a deficiency. Why should you give
this advantage to this class of widows over that
class who really did see servjpe and hard times in
the revolutionary war? Are they more deserving
than those good old mothers whose houses were
burned over their heads, who liad to mold bullets
"and make clothing for the suffering soldiers, who
went through all the privations of the war? X)id
Congress intend to place them on a worse footing
than these young women who married the old
fellows subsequent to 1800, twenty years after the
close of the war?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Did not the last have the
hardest service ?
Mr. TOOMBS. It was not meritorious service.
,It may have been, as my friend from South Car-
olina [Mr. Evans] suggests, one of privation.
[Laughter.] Doubtless it was, but I do not con-
sider it meritorious. If the consideration of the
Court of Claims be truej this being simply a
bounty of the Government, I call upon the Senate,
instead of carrying out a bad law and unwise one,
to vote down this amendment and agree to one
repealing the law or the construction of the court.
That wiii end tlie matter, and I hope satisfy my
friend from Ohio.
Mr. WADE. Anything will satisfy me that
satisfies the law, as interpreted by the tribunal
which Congress has created for the very purpose
of settling it. The arguments made in opposition
to this claim seem to me to be very extraordinary.
I know of no question that could rcceivc a more
thorough consideration than this has received
from every tribunal before whom ithasbeen can-
vassed. First of all, I have here the unanimous
opinion of the Committee of Claims of the House
of Representatives—all lawyers, and they all con-
strue these laws precisely m the way the Court
of Claims have construed them. The Court of
Claims is a court sitting with the same powers
on a question of this kind that the Supreme Court
of the United States have, and it has come to the
like conclusions. I do not know but that the
judges are as able as those of the Supreme Court;
they ought to be. They are men of great expe-
rience, of great reputation, of great integrity,
which they have maintained in all the positions
to which they have been called in the public ser-
vice for a long time, and which commended them
to us as the proper men to whom to intrust the
investigation and decision of cases of this kind.
They have sat patiently and thoroughly investi-
gated this important question. There is no man,
as I said before, who stands hereto impugn their
motives, or to say that their judgment was hasty
<—that these claimants had any unfair and undue
advantage at the time the investigation was had;
but on the other hand, more has been proved than
it is necessary to prove in the construction of any
law. Outside of the words of it, outside of the
course to which lawyers generally resort for the
interpretation of a law, it was passed so recently
that many here are able to remember the object
and purpose which they intended to accomplish
by its passage. The mover of it intended, and
supposed he had provided for precisely the same
state of things that the court have found it did
provide for. That is in the memory of other Sen-
ators besides myself. The whole question was
debated here. The retrospective operation of
this law was referred to in open Senate. Its true
interpretation was fixed; it was supposed there
could be no mistake about it. The court have
come to that conclusion. Your Committee on
Claims, to whom it was referred, deliberating
upon the same subject, and looking through this |
course of legislation and adjudication, have (all
of them, I believe, being lawyers, who ought to
be competent to pass a reasonable judgment on a
matter of this kind) conceded that the court was
right; and now, why are you going to overturn
what they have done ? ....
I commend the bold and direct manner m which
the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] always
attacks his opponents. He sees and feels that it
is a kind of indirection which would escape from
all the authorities that have passed on this sub-
ject; and he goes directly to the root of the mat-
ter, and proposes to repeal the law, because, he
tells you, if the law stands the decision must
stand, and these widows are entitled to what they
ask, what I ask in their behalf. You have by
your legislation told these persons to go into the
tribunals you have appointed Tor the decision of
their rights. You tola them that if they complied
with your law they should receive the bounty
you had provided for them. Now, when they
have done it at great expense, at great anxiety,
with great trouble and delay, do not come in here
and take exception to all that h.as been done in
their behalf; do not impcach the integrity, the
veracity, the intelligence of the tribunals that
have passed on it. For heaven's sake do not do
that; do not by skulking indirection escape from
the consequences of your legislation; but in that
manly, direct mode indicated by the Senator from
Georgia, if you will not pay these parties what
your courts have said they are entitled to, repeal
the law, annihilate it, and let it go out to the
world: " Widows of revolutionary soldiers, you
need not knock at our doors; we have held out
false colors to you; you have incurred great ex-
pense and trouble in order to comply with our
law; but now we will sweep it &I1 by the board,
and you may know that we do not intend here-
after that you shall have any rights."
Is it satisfactory to any lawyer of any experi-
ence here that the deliberate conclusions of a court
of justice who havo sat upon any controversy and
settled it judicially, should be encountered by a
'lawyer who takes up a paper, looks through it
for five minutes, and then undertakes to setup
his wisdom in opposition to all the wisdom that
has gone before him? It is not satisfactory. The
fault does not he in your courts; for I tell you,
sir, that the same feeling which prompts men to
endeavor in this way to overturn the proceedings
of this court, woulu do the same by the highest
court in the land if they could reach it. I say we
ought to be bound by it, unless some man can
show that the court has erred, or £ive some rea-
son beyond what any one has yet pointed out,
to show that they fell into some mistake, or that
they labored under some delusion when they came
to this conclusion.
If you treat their decisions in this manner,
away with your court, it is a delusion. I wonder
how men having any Self-respect can sit there to
give their opinions, to be overturned at the breath
of every lawyer in the Senate. Sir, I will respect
their decisions until some man shall impeach the
judgment they have rendered. I know that their
decisions are not conclusive, because, m the nature
of things, they cannot be conclusive. They must
come here for an appropriation to carry them out.
That implies a right, perhaps, to look into and
see what they have done. But, sir, if we could
have made it entirely independent, 1 have no
doubt I for one should have Mgreed to do it. I
would as soon trust that court as trust Congress
with these rights in the last resort. I believe
they are as safe a depository of the rights of the
citizen and the rights of the Government as is
Congress in regard to any controversy that can
legally come before them. I mean by this remark
no impeachment of Congicss. I say from their
very constitution a court is better calculated to
do justice; and knowing that fact, I supposed it
to be the great reason why we created such a
tribunal in order to do right to every man m the
Government.
I hope the Senate will not pass lightly on this
subject. I hope they will not set up their judg-
ment here without investigation, upon the spur
of the occasion, m one moment to overturn the
proceedings of the Court of Claims and of the
committees of Congress. I know the amount
provided for is large; but that is no reason against
it, especially at this time. If these parties have
these rights, when will Congress be. more able to
respond to them than now ? Is there a Senator
here whose experience does not teach him that,
after they have such authority to establish their
rights, you can never get rid of them ? Although
you might think the court put a wrong construc-
tion on this law, yet, having its transcendent
authority m their favor, and having the commit-
tees of both Houses in their favor, do you sup-
pose you will ever get rid of these claims with-
out paying every dollar? I tell you, no; you
will be importuned until you will have to respond
to them. I grant you may put them to great
trouble and to great expense; you may throw
them, by your delay, ami the obstructions you
putin their path, into the hands of agents; you
may speak lightly of agents, as the robbers of
the weak and poor; but-you may make it neces-
sary for them to provide a host of runners to
besiege the lobbies of Congress; but at last th«y
will prevail.' If you wish to do them justice;
it now. They arc old, decrepit, in need of yoar
assistance. Delay it a great while, and they will
be beyond the reach of your bounty; and even
then, sir, I believe, when rights have attached
under the construction of this law, those'rights
will vest in their successors and personal repre-
sentatives.
Mr. President, I will not prolong this argument.
The whole question lies in a nutshell. I have
not argued the construction of these laws, nor
rasorted to the many precedents which this dili-
gent court have cited as authority for the decision
•they have made. They have ransacked all your
books; they have cited precedent upon precedent
to show that the decision they have made is no
new constructionof the law; but proceeding with
great patience after an investigation of the law* as
to the construction of statutes, they have come
to this conclusion. I have chosen to place it on
their authority, rather than present any new
course of reasoning. Why, sir, if you will not
respect their decision, if you will not carry it out
when no man can stand here to impeach it or
show wherein it is wrong, no reasoning which I
could adopt would have any effect on you. I be-
lieve they are right. I believe the purposes of the
law of lb'53 were legitimate. I believe it was right
to award a bounty to these meritorious individ-
uals. I believe that next to awarding it to the
revolutionary soldier himself, if he could have been
consulted, he would have asked you to continue
the bounty you had given to him to his old part-
ner for life, who had gone side by side with hina
through all these trials and difficulties. Sir, if he
could be consulted he would consider this as much
a bounty to linn as though it went to him person-
ally during his life. It was in this spirit and in
this view that Congress passed this law.
What reason is there for reversing it and un-
doing what you have done ? What has happened
in the mean time? Is your Treasury deficient?
Has any great national calamity overwhelmed
you since you promised them this bounty, that
should lead you to retract it? On the contrary,
sir, your Treasury has grown so plethoric sincc
that time, that it is a vexation and a burden to us
to know what we are lawfully to do with it, and
yet men stand hereto cavil against this appropri-
ation as though it were something new and un-
heard of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment offered by the S.enator from
Ohio.
Mr. WADE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordeied; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 15, nays 23; as follows:
YRAS—Me=-«r<=. Bell of New Hampshire, Collamer,
J)odge, JJuifcee, Fossenden, Fish, Foot, Foster, Harlan,
IJou&ton, James, Nour&c, Seward, Trumbull, and Wad#
—15.
NAYS—?.Ies-:rs. Adam?, Allen, Bigg?. Biglcr, Brown,
Butler, Cl. \, Dou^U^, J^-uns, Fitch, FiUpalrick, Green,
Gwin, Hunter, {ver^on, Jones of Tenne^oe, Mallory,
Iteid, Smait, Toombs, Toucey, Weiler, and Yulee—23.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WELLER. I have a small amendment
to offer as an additional section:
Jind be. it farther enaded, Thar the Secretary of the Inte-
rior be, and he )•< hereby, authorized and directed to pay
out ot any money herein appropriated, such amount as he
may consider fair and reasonable tor The professional aid
employed by the United States attorney for the northern
diet)ict of California 111 pio.-ecufiug the suit of the United
Sta'p* agam?t Palmer, Cook Sc Co., m October, ]854.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there any estimate for
this ?
Mr. WELLER. I will inform the Senator that
I do not know what thearnountis thatis claimed;
but the services were rendered at the request of
the district attorney, and they are certified to by
the judge of the district court in which the case
was tried. This is a proposition simply to au-
thorize the Department to pay a fair and reason-
able compensation for the services thus rendered.
That case involved a large amount of money—I
think probably to the extent of some five hundred
thousand dollars.
Mr. HUNTER. This seems to me to be a
private claim. I do not wish to raise the ques-
tion of order, and have that debated as long as
