1014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
the case would be on its merits; but it is a private
claim.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to it for another rea-
son. I know we have made extra allowances
to this district attorney of $10,000, $15,000, or
$20,000, about two years ago. I think there is
not an officer in California so well paid as he is.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator takes a large
margin from $10,000 to §20,000.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is large.
Mr. WELLER, There was a specific allow-
ance of $10,000.
Mr. TOOMBS. As I stated before, speaking
from memory, it ranged from $10,000 to $90,000
extra allowance; that is, to the best of my recol-
lection. I believe 1 am under the amount.
Mr. WELLER. The whole of the case is
simply this: the Government ordered a suit to
be brought against these parties for what is called
the Government reserve, a property worth half a
million of dollars. The ablest counsel were em-
ployed. The district attorney Tound it necessary
to employ additional counsel in the prosecution
of that claim. Additional counsel were em-
ployed. There is no fund out of which they can
be paid; and this proposition is simply to author-
ize the Secretary to examine the accounts, and
make fair and reasonable compensation for ser-
vices rendered.
Mr. HUNTER. The amendment does not
make any appropriations specifically, but says it
shall be'paid out of moneys herein appropriated.
What moneys? Moneys appropriated for other
deficiencies.
Mr. WELLER. If there is not sufficient
money appropriated here, there will have to be
an appropriation hereafter to meet it. We must
first ascertain the amount, and at the next Con-
gress it will be for the Senate to determine whether
they will pay it.
Mr. HUNTER. I raise the question whether
it is not a private claim?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will submit the question fo the Senate. Shall the
amendment be icccived as in order5
The amendment was not received.
Mr. TOOMBS. I promised, in some remarks
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio, to
introduce an amendment. It is m these woids,
as an additional section:
Jhid be it further cnadcJ, That the act of the of Feb-
ruary, 1803* {.'ranting porsiou^ to certain \vuio\v>, shall not
he so eons-tiu<'(I a.* to allow any priwoii to begi'i beloie the
passage of the ku<1 act.
Mr. HUNTER. I should vote for that amend-
ment with a great deal of pleasute as <i separate
proposition; but 1 am afraid to embana&s the bill
with legislation of this suit.
Mr.TOOMBS. 1 have nothing to say in regard
to it. I think it is a proper of Ic-islplion.
Mr. WELLER. There is nothing in the hill
on that subject. This is a deficiency bill, and
what has the repeal of a law, passed herotufure
by Congress, to do with a deficiency bill-
Mr. TOOMDS. 1 think there oiurlu to be
legislation on the subject, and I am willing to put
it at any place. v I!
Mr. HUNTER. I hope my t\knd will with- \
draw it here, and put it in at some other place, j
Mr. TOOMBS. I withdraw it. I
Mr.FESSENDEN. Suppose theSenatorfrom j
Georgia should cariv such an amendment: would |
it not be fair_ to ^ make appropriations to pay |
widows for litigating the matter in the Court of |
CJanns' |
The bAl wtu reported to the Senate, as amended; j
the amendments* made us in Committee of the ij
Wholi were con -urrcd in, mid ordered to be en- ji
grossed, and ?h.' ! j!1 to be read the third time. !'
it was read the durd tinv, and passed. !|
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL. j!
Mr. HUN i'KR. 1 move now to take up the ]'
bill making appropriations for ihe legislative, lj
executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern- !'
ment for the ytar ending June 30, 1853. 1 be-
lieve we can pass that bill to-day.
Mr. STUART. 1 wifch to appeal to the Sen-
ator to let me piss throe bills for land offices that
we can pass before the recess by the mere reading
of them.
Mr. HUNTER. If there could be an under-
standing that we should take up the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill, and
then by general consent allow other business to
be acted on, so as not to displace the appropria-
tion bill, I should not object; but I am afraid to
to do anything that will displace that bill.
Mr. WELLER. Let it be understood that
the Senator from Michigan's bills are taken up
by general consent.
"The motion of Mr. Hunter to take up the bill
(H. R. No. 606) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
the Government for the yearending 30th of June,
1858, was agreed to; but by general consent it
was laid aside informally for the present to receive
other business.
LAND DISTRICTS IN NEBRASKA.
On motion of Mr. STUART, the bill (H. R.
No. 212) to establish three additional land dis-
tricts in the Territory of Nebraska was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
that all that portion of the Territory of Nebraska
at present included in the Omaha district, which
lies south of the line which divides townships six
and seven north, extended from the Missouri
river westward, shall constitute an additional dis-
trict, to be called the " Nemaha land district;" all
the Omaha district which is situated south of the
south shore or right bank of the Platte river, and
north of the line between townships six and seven
north, shall constitute an additional land district,
to be called the " South Platte river land district;'*
and all that portion of the Omaha district which
lies north of the south boundary of the " Omaha
reserve," extended westward, being identical
with the line which divides townships twenty-
three and twenty-four north, shall constitute an
additional land district, to be called the " Dahkota
land district;" the location of the offices for which
is to be designated by the President of the United
States.
It authorizes the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint a
registorand a receiver foroach land district created
by the1 act, who are' to reside at the site of their
! office, have the same powers, responsibilities, and \
emoluments, and be subject to the same acts and j
penalties which arc, ormay be, prescribed by law ,
m relation to other land officers of the United |
States. i
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third leading, read the
third time, and passed.
LAND DISTRICTS IN KANSAS.
On motion of Mr. STUART, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as m Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider tho bill (IT. R. No. 613) to establish three
additional land districts m the Teiritory of Kan-
pas. It provides that all that portion of the Pawnee
land district, in the Territory of Kansas, creatcd
by the thirteenth section of the act approved July
22, 1S54, entitled "An act to establish the offices
of surveyor general of New Mexico, Kansas, 1
and Nebraska, to grant donations to actual set- |
tiers therein, and for other purposes," which is !
situated north of the north or left bank of the i
Kansas river, and east of the line which divides i
ranges eight and nine east, shall constitute a sep- i
arate district, to be called the " Delaware land ■
district;" all that portion of the Pawnee district
which is situated south of the nearest township '
line to the parallel of thirty-eight degrees of north
laiitude, to be hereafter determined by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, shall consti-
tute an additional district, to be called the " Osage ,
land district;" and all that portion of the Pawnee :
district which lies west of the line dividing !
ranges eight and nine east, and north of the near- |
est township line to the parallel of thirty-eight *
degrees ofnorth latitude, shall constitute a district i
to be called the " Western district;" the location
of the offices for which is to be designated by the .
President of the United Siatei;. !
The bi'l was reported to the Senate without '
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the .
third time, and passed. j
LAND CLAIMS IN NEW MEXICO. |
Mr. STUART. There is one other bill reported ]
from the Committee on Public Lands m regard '
to the adjustment of land titles in New Mexico, j
which I desire to have considered. It is stated \
to be indispensable for the reasons given by the !
Department at length, which are satisfactory to !
thofe who have cxamuied the subject. !
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, t,o consider the bill
(S. No. 492) to ascertain and settle the private land
claims in the Territory of New Mexico. For the
purpose of ascertaining and settling the private
land claims in the Territory of New Mexico, the
bill provides that a commission consisting of three
person^ shall be constituted, which shall consist of
two persons to be appointed by the President of the
United States, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, and the surveyor general of New
Mexico, who shall be the president of the board.
The commission is to continue for three years,
unless all the private land claims in New Mexico
shall be sooner adjusted. The commission is
to decide upon the validity or invalidity of all pri-
vate land claims brought before it, and for that
purpose is to have the power to issue notices,
summon witnesses, administer oaths, and do and
perform all other acts necessary and requisite to
be done in the premises. A secretary, skilled in
the Spanish and English languages, is to be ap-
pointed by the commission to keep a record of
the proceedings of the commission in a bound
book or books to be provided for that purpose, to
be filed in the office of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior upon the termination of the commission, and
fulfill such other duties as may be required of
him by the commission.
Such number of clerks as may be necessary,
and a translator, who shall take an oath of office,
and who shall be the interpreter of the commis-
sion, aie to be appointed by the board. The
President of the United States is to appoint an
agent, learned in the law, and versed in the Eng-
lish and Spanish languages, whose special duty
it shall be to superintend the interests of the
United States in the premises. The law agent
is to attend the meetings of the board, to collect
testimony in behalf of the United States, and to
attend on all occasions when the claimant or his
agent, in any case before the board, shall take
depositions; and no deposition taken by or in
behalf of any claimant is to be read in evidence
in emy case before the commission, unless notice
of the time and place of taking the same shall
have been given, in writing, to the United States
agent, so long before the lime of taking the depo-
sitions as to enable him to be present at the time
and place of taking them; and like notice is to be
given of the time and place of taking any depo-
sition on the part of the United States.
Every person claiming lands in New Mexico,
by virtue of any right or title derived from the
Spanish or Mexican Governments, is to present
his claim to the secretary of the board, setting
forth in writing the amount of land claimed, the
nature of the title or claim, and how derived; and
in all cases where the claim has been located, the
boundaries of the same with reasonable certainty,
together with such documentary evidence, deeds,
and grants, or copies thereof, and testimony of
witnesses, when the testimony is taken before the
trial, or names of witnesses and their residence,
as the claimant relies upon in support of his claim.
The boaid is to decide upon the validity or inva-
lidity of cach claim, on the evidence presented by
the claimant and the United States, and within
thirty days after the decision is rendered, and the
time allowed for an appeal has expired, the pres-
ident and secretary of the boaid are to certify the
decision, with the reasons upon which it is ren-
dered, to the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, who is to cause a patent to be issued by
the United States for the amount claimed, in all
cases of the rejection or confirmation of any claim
by the board of commissioners, the claimant, or the
agent of the United States, may appeal from the
decision of the commissioners to the district and
supreme courts of the United States, which appeal
is to be tried, and judgment rendered m accordance
with the rules of law and evidence applicable to
other cases tried before the district and supreme
courts, and in conformity with the treaty ot Gua-
dalupe Hidalgo, the law of nations, the laws,
usages, and customs of the Government from
winch the claim is derived, the principles of
equity, and the decisions of the Supreme Court
of the United States as far as they are applica-
ble.
Mr. STUART suggested that the reading of
the bill at length be dispensed with; but Mr.
HUNTER objected.
Mr. RUSK. This bill has been very well
