1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1015
considered, and I do not think there is any neces-
sity for reading it over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] requests the read-
ing.
Mr. RUSK. It has been pretty well consid-
ered. There are certain amendments of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands that I think make the bill j
perfect.
Mr. HUNTER. I withdraw the call for the
reading, if gentlemen say they have examined it.
The reading of the bill at length was dispensed
with.
The first amendment of the committee was in
section four, line two, after the word " neces-
sary," insert the words " not to exceed three,"
so that it will read: " that such number of clerks
as may be necessary, not to exceed three," &c.
Mr. WELLER. I shall make no objection to
„this bill; but I think it will be found in the end
that it will operate pretty much like the law from
which it was copied in regard to California. It
will only produce delay. The better plan, in my
judgment, would be to send out a commission to
New Mexico, for the purpose of ascertaining the
facts in regard to these land titles. Let their
Report be made to the Attorney General; and then
let the Attorney General, representing the Gov-
ernment, decide whether he will bring suits in
Federal courts to oust the parties claiming title.
In that way you could dispose of the whole of
these cases, in my judgment, in two years; but
I venture the prediction that ten years from this
time you will not have gotten rid of the difficulties
involved in this bill.
Mr. GWIN. I should like to know what is the
limitation as to time, on this board of commis-
sioners ?
Mr. STUART. Three years.
Mr. GW'IN. If we had any guarantee that a
board of commissioners would be appointed that
would not transact their business for the purpose
of getting a continuation of the law and perpet-
uating their existence, I should have some hope
of its being useful. That is the whole injury, or
in a great degree the injury that resulted from the
California law. If it had been properly executed,
there was never a better law passed; but it was
not properly executed. It was sixteen months
after the law passed before the first decision was
made, when the board ought to have decided half
the cases by that time.
Mr. RUSK. This is a different case from Cal-
ifornia. By a bill which has already passed the
■Senate, a large portion of New Mexico has been
put into a separate judicial district, with power to
adjudge and decide on land grants. In the re-
mainder of New Mexico there arc not one fourth
as many grants as there were in California, and
they are not half so valuable. The present law
vests the power in the surveyor general, which
causes the difficulty, because he has either to
neglect the settlement of land titles, or neglect his
other business.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I ask the honor-
able Senator from Texas, if there are not three
judges m the court of New Mexico already; and
whence the necessity of getting up this new court
with a number of clerks not to exceed three, and
various other officers ?
Mr. RUSK. The bill to which I alluded has
passed the Senate, and the Senator's argument
might do in the House of Representatives.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I am speaking of
this bill. We have created a new judicial district
for the part of New Mexico ceded by the Gads-
den treaty. Here we seem to be getting up an
expensive commission. I did not hear the first
part of the bill read.
Mr. RUSK. By the law establishing the sur-
veyor general's office in New Mexico, you de-
volved the decision of ail these land claims on
him.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee.^ Now, I will ask
another question. New Mexico is an old settled
country, and had its courts of judicature before
we acquired that country. It was quiet and
peaceaule for a long time. The rights of prop-
erty were pretty well ascertained, and there were
no difficulties that I know of, except at the Pecos
river, where it was said the old inhabitants had
been driven out. When the Mexican treaty was
ratified by the Senate, it was understood that
there were no difficulties likely to arise about
private titles, except in that one single district, whole Territory. We are lapping their jurisdic-
where some questions might arise on account of j tion over each other.
claims that had originated, perhaps a quarter or ; Mr. STUART. I have drawn up an amend-
half a century before, and the claimants had been !! ment to meet that very objection. It is to add to
compelled to abandon the country. I do not re- j! the first section:
member any other district in which it was sug- i| Pmi-Mcd, That all claims felling within the judicial dis
gested there was^any difficulty about titles. Ij trict of Arizoua bhall be exempted from the provisions of
Mr. STUART. I think I can satisfy the hon- 1
orable Senator from Tennessee, by a single !
remark, that this is a proper bill. The surveyor '
general has devolved on him the duty of making j
the surveys of the public lands in the Territory \
of New Mexico. Before he can ascertain what
are the public lands, it must be ascertained what •
this act.
Mr. GWIN. I think the chairman of tlie Com-
mittee on Public Lands would improvehis bill if
he would make the territorial judges the commis-
sioners The courts there arc already organized;
they have their own clerks; and claimants have
to fro there sooner or later. I look with a great
are theprivate lands; and therefore the law organ- deal of anxiety on bills that originate in the Do-
izing that office devolves on him the duty of |i partment of the Interioi*"to give dispatch to the
making the ascertainment. He reports that he ij settlement of land claims, which is the gieat and
/•nnnnt ftn ih onn + n o t fn/i' t*> slotfirl t r\ Tia_ if 1 TYl riArtn >-i t iiAint I v  ntf/iviT nnnr i h tr T f i « - /-  f
cannot do it; and that fact being stated to the De
partment, they say that this commission must be
instituted in order to ascertain what those private
land claims arc, or else your establishment of a
surveyor general's office there is utterly useless;
he can do nothing. By ascertaining the private
lands, and then surveying the public lands, the
public interests and the settlement of the coun-
try are subserved. That is what produces the
necessity for adding to him, who had the sole
power before, two commissioners and three
clerks, in order to facilitate the ascertainment of
private titles. ,
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The Government
agent and the interpreter are required by the bill
to be learned in the Spanish language. I suppose
we have many inhabitants there of that kind, and
there can be no difficulty in finding persons suited
for that; but it seems to me to be an expensive
machinery, and will last too long. We have three
judges there already, and why may they not do
the business ? I have alluded to the small portion
of country where I supposed there would be a
contest about title. As to all the cultivable inhab-
ited part of the country on the Rio Grande below
Santa Fe, extending down to the Mesilla valley,
and as far up as there are any settlements, there
are understood to be no contests about titles. I
only inquired whether or not we had not the ma-
chinery of courts there already, which could make |
this investigation. Wc may require that all pri-
vate claimants present to the surveyor general
their claims with the metes and bounds of them.
Then if he had any difficulty, he might have the
authority by law to adjudicate them, as I under-
stand he has it now.
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Then an appeal
could lie to one of the district judges.
Mr. STUART. The surveyor general has the
power, but cannot execute it and keep up with
the other business of his office, and therefore the
law is nugatory. I have the opinion of the De-
partment that this is the proper course.
Mr. HUNTER. What is the expense >
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I understand that
the surveyor general is now to be president of
this board.
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. It is urged that he
has not time to settle them according 10 the pro-
visions of the law assigning him the duties of
surveyor general. He has to give his time to
this board. It seems to me that this is altogether
an act of supererogation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the committee.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have nothing to say on
that particular amendment; but there was con-
siderable discussion m the Senate a few days
since on the bill creating a new judicial district
in this Territory of New Mexico, comprising a
great deal more than half the Territory. The
gentleman from Texas can say how that is. That
bill was passed.
Mr. RUSK. It does not embrace half the
settled portion of the Territory.
Mr. COLLAMER. But it embraces a great
deal more than half the Territory. ;
Mr. RUSK. If you include the mountains, it {
is about half, i
Mr. COLLAMER. That bill, which embraced ,
a large portion of the Territory, a great deal more ;
than half of its geographical extent, was made a j
new judicial district in which the judgp was in- ,
vested with the same powers to settle land titles j
that this bill undertakes to provide for over the ,
important point in every new country. It is not
of so much importance whether they are settled
right or wrong, so that they be speedily settled.
To have large unsettled land claims is one of t.he
greatest misfortunes that can happen to a fr&w
State or a new Territory, and I think the Sena-
tor had better change his bill by making the board
of commissioners consist of the judges.
Mr. STUART. Certainly, if we are to do
anything on this subject at this session, we must
do it on the recommendation of the Department.
There is no time now to redraw a bill and provide
for an entirely distinct mode of settlement. I
confess it is not with a little surprise that I hear
the Senators from California take exceptions to
this bill, whenever, sincc the establishment of the
California commission, we have extended it from
time to time at their suggestion. They said it
was working well and doing admirably, though
wc were paying immense salaries.
Mr. GWIN. The Senators from California
speak because they have experience on this sub-
ject, which the Senator from Michigan has not.,
nor has the Department of the Interior. We speak
from practical experience, but say that the better
course to be adopted is to take the courts. That
was my original proposition when I first took my
seat in the Senate, long before the Senator was
here, but I was overruled. I was against this
whole system of having boards of commissioners.
Mr. STUART. It may be thought to be a little
remarkable that the experience of the Senators
from California was not made known to the Sen-
ate until after their commission closed.
Mr. GWIN. Wc had started the system, and
had to go through with it.
Mr. STUART, if they had stopped it, finding
j that it did network well, several years earlier,
and saved the Government a large amount of ex-
pense, I admit it would have been a legitimate
argument against trying this plan in New Mexico.
Mr. GWIN. The system had been started,
and we had to go through with it. Wo want to
give the benefit of experience to our neighbors in
New Mexico, and wo understand the subject as
well as the Interior Department or the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office.
Mr. STUART. This is the last moment, un-
doubtedly, when anything can be done with this
question. I will simply say that this plan haa
been matured; tije bill has been submitted to and
carefully examined by the Interior Department.
It is said it will answer the purpose. It is said
that it is indispensable, in order that land busi-
ness in this Toriitory may go on. There can be
no stronger recommendations than are made in
favor of this proposition. I tried to bring it to
the attention of the Senate a number of times, and
I failed. I was crowded out by the bill for the
admission of Minnesota, and then by the Arizona
bill, and I have been crowded out since that time
by the appropriation bills; and now, at this mo-
ment, if wo are to do anything for this Territory
at all, this is the way of doing it. I confess I do
not see why furnishing assistance to the surveyor
general to carry out wlmt the original law organ-
izing his office intended should be done, is not a
proper and legitimate course of procedure.
I could show, I think, very satisfactorily to the
honorable Senator from California, that the con-
dition of things in New Mexico is very different
from what it was in California; but I have not
time to go into it. I pay we must do nothing at
all, or leave this Territory as it is until another
Congress, or a year or a year and a half hence,
or else we must follow the recommendation of
the Department that has examined the question,
