1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1017
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 606)
making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1858, which had
been reported from the Committee on Finance
with various amendments, the first of which was,
in line one hundred and fifty-one, to insert as a
heading " public printing" before the appropria-
tions for printing.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to insert, after line seven hundred and
seventy,-five, in the appropriations for the Terri-
tory of Kansas, the following:
For compensation and mileage of the members of the
Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and contingent ex-
penses of the A&sembiy, $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was in line eight hundred and twenty-nine,
in the clause, " for the salaries of six of the addi-
tional clerks authorized by the acts of August 6,
1846, August 12, 1848, March 3, 1851, August
31, 1852, and August 4, 1854, $6,500," to strike
out " $6,500," and insert:
Seven thousand two hundred dollars: Provided, That one
of brttdcleiks ^htill be employed in the office of the treasurer
at St. Louis, Missouri, at a salaiy of $1,500 per annum.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line nine hundred and four, after the clause " for
judicial expenses," to add:
And the Secrctaiy of the Interior is hereby authorized to
pay out of the appiopriation herein made such amount as
may by him be regaidcd as jug and proper for rent of the
rooms occupied by the United States courts at Los Angeles,
California, irom the 27th ot'Octoher, 1854, to the tune when
such rent can be leaallv allowed under the act of the 26th
ofFebruary, 1853, entitled "An act to legulate the fees and
costs to be allowed clerks, marshals," Sic., as the same has
been constiued by the said Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was,
after line nine hundred and thirty-four, before the
appropriation for the compensation of draw-keep-
ers at the bridges across the eastern branch of
the Potomac, to insert:
For compensation of two draw-keepers for the Potomac
bridge at the channel next to the District of Columbia, and
for iuel, oil, and lamps, $1,633.
Mr. PISH. I ask whether this is for draw-
keepers at the bridge which has lately been carried
away, and has no draw in it?
Mr. HUNTER. It is for the draw on this
side, which must be kept up; not on the Virginia
side. The original estimate was for four draw-
keepers. We struck out " four," and inserted
" two," to attend to the draw of the District of
Columbia side.
Mr. FISH. What is the use of keeping up
that draw when the bridge itself is not used ?
Mr. HUNTER. The draw is used to let ves-
sels go through the channel on this aide.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committeewas to
add at the end of the first scction of the bill:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay lor certain
additional clerical services lequired under the act of July 4,
1840, to provide for the collection, sale keeping, trausler,
and disbursement of the public revenue, ftom the 9th of
July, 1840, to the 7th of September, tc.<i 1; and in the dis-
bursement of Treasury notes tioni the 211th of Oetobcr,
1843, to the Both of April, 1844, for the payment of which
no appropriation has been made, the sum of §1,136 <9-
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add:
Diplomatic.—For salary of an envoy e.\traordmary and
1 . r ft.ia
Mr. BENJAMIN. I know that the Secretary
of State has recommended the appointment of
an envoy extraordinary to Persia, but I realiy
should like to have some reason for the appoint-
ment of this new officer. What do we want with
an envoy to Persia?
Mr. HUNTER. i will say to the Senator from
Louisiana that I do not want one. It was esti-
mated for by the Secretary of State. He said it
was necessary, and this is the salary be fixed.
The Committee on Finance think there ought to
be one.
Mr. WELLER. I think, if the Senator from
Louisiana has paid any attention to the recent
movements of the British Government, he will
have discovered that Persia is becoming the the-
ater ofextensivooperations; and during the next
five or ten years, I have no doubt it will be found
the theater of more important operations than any
other part of Asia; and, therefore, in my judg-
ment, it is necessary that we should have a min-
ister there in order to watch the movements of
the British Government.. That is my idea.
Mr. RENJAMIN. I, perhaps, have not paid
the same attention to the news from Persia as the
gentleman from California has. The events there
may have been very important; but what 1 desire
to know is, what interest this country has m
having an envoy there.
Mr. HUNTER. Perhaps the Senator would
like to hear the reasons of the Secretary of State.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I should like to hear them
read.
Mr. HUNTER. Here is the letter of the Sec-
retary ofState. I ask that it be read.
The Secretary read the letter. It is as follows:
Department of Btate,
Washington, February 21, 1857.
Sir : I have the honor to request that appropriations may
be made for the following objects:
For salary of an envoy extraordinary and minister pleni-
potentiary to Persia, £12,000.
For salary of a secretary of legation to Persia, $2,800.
For salaiy of an interpreter to the mission to Persia,
$2,500.
I havp the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
VV. L. MARCY.
Hon. R. M. T. Hunter, Chairman of the Committee on
Finance, Senate.
Mr. MASON, (Mr. Biggs in the chair.) -I take
it for granted that the honorable Senator from
Louisiana, who made the inquiry, knows just as
well as I do that it is the duty of the executive
department to make such suggestions as the Ex-
ecutive may think wise in reference to our inter-
course with foreign nations. If the Secretary of
State asks for an appropriation for an embassy
or for a mission to Persia, it is done, of course,
by the instruction of the President, in whom is
deposited the whole executive power. The Pres-
ident is a coordinate branch of this Government,
just as independent of Congress as Congress is
of the President. In the President is lodged the
whole executive power, without limitation or defi-
nition. It is a part of the duty of the Executive
to make such suggestions to the coordinate de-
partment, the Congress of the United States, 111
reference to our foreign intercourse, as the Execu-
tive thinks proper, as it is the duty of the legis-
lative department to attend to its own proper
province.
When the President asks for the means of
sending a mission to Persia, it is to be. taken for
granted that the executive department of the
Government, for reasons satisfactory to it, deems j
such a mission necessary. On Congress rests
the responsibility of refusing it, and overruling
the Executive, if it thinks proper. I do not pre-
tend to be at all versed in the reasons that have
induced the Executive to ask for this mission, but
I should be exceedingly reluctant, belonging to
the legislative department of the Government, to
refuse it when it is asked for, unless there were
reasons known to me, as there may be known to
the Senator from Louisiana, why Congi ess should
undertake to overrule the Executive in its sug-
gestions. I know of no such reasons. I do know,
as has been suggested by the Senator from Cali-
fornia, that events have recently arisen in con-
nection with the Empire of Persia which may
make it desirable that we should have a minister
| there to keep an eye on those events, and to advise
i tins Government of them. I think it not at all
; improbable that the Executive may have had
| information winch would lead it to believe that
j by cultivating this sort of national intercouise
j with the Government of Persia, there may be
| sources opened to us for new and advantageous
| commerce; but I derive this only from the general
' information which is open alike to all Senators,
i I will say, however, again, to the Senator from
I Louisiana, that if there be any reasons why Con-
gress should refuse to make an appropriation for
a foreign mission suggested by the executive
department, it is for Congress to weigh those
reasons. 1 know of none such.
Air. HUNTER. Something that dropped from
j e justnowmay Isa^ to misapprehension. When
I said that I did not want this mission, but that
the Committee on Finance did, I did not mean to
i^ay that I was not in favor of the appropriation.
Chi that point I defer to the Secretary of State;
and not only that, but I can see reasons why we
might desire to extend our intercourse m this
direction.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I agree alto-
gether with the Senator from Louisiana. I do
not pretend to be particularly conversant with this
matter, but I have looked at it somewhat, and I
think I know a little about it. Persia is an inland
country altogether, with but a single port on th.e
Persian gulf. I know very well to what the
Senator from California alludes—the thirst of the
European powers to progress towards the Indies.
Russia is going across the Caucasus and Georgia
and trying to reach there, and Great Britain is
trying to protect her interests in AlTghan and
through the whole Punjaub. They are making
Persia a central point at which to fight. That is
the condition of things there at this time; and we
are called upon to send a minister to Persia when
our commercial intercourse with that country
does not call for it. No doubt it would be very
convenient to the present or the incoming Admin-
istration to send out some patriotic, honorable
gentleman to represent us in Persia. It might be
a convenient job—I will not say a sinecure job—
to put some fellow there to watcli what is going
on, and write to this Government. I do not wish
to have one of our men there to be complicated
and mixed up with these matters. It is a Euro-
pean question in reference to Asiatic aggiession,
in winch we have no interest. If thejr get up a
quarrel, let us stand off and keep out of it. This
old country of Persia stands now just where she
has stood for centuries—perhaps standing longer
now than any countiy 011 the face of the globe—
with all licr gorgeousncss and splendor, as you
will see her deseiibcd by travelers and ill history.
I do not wish to send out a man to Persia to be
complicated and mixed up with Russian, French,
and English intrigues, and to correspond with
this country and get up a fight for our imaginary
interests. I do not think the retiring President,
or Mr. Marcy, or the incoming President, will
need any such official. If they do, let them use
the secret service fund, and send out a special
agent; but what do we want with an envoy ex-
traordinary and minister plenipotentiary resident
at the court of Persia? I may be mistaken: I
speak with great diffidence 011 this question when
this recommendation comes from such a man aa
Mr. Marcy; but according to my reading and
information I see no propnety in this movement.
Persia is an inland country, and I do not see that
by sending a diplomatic agent there, and stimu-
lating, by artificial means, a commerce with that
country we shall benefit our people at all by any-
thing we shall get there, from cashmere shawls
down.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am perfectly aware that
by the Constitution of the United States the ex-
clusive control over the foreign intercourse of this
Government is vested in the Executive. I am
perfectly aware that it is 111 the power of the
President of the United States to appoint such
diplomatic agents as may to lam seem proper and
necessary for conducting our intercourse with
foreign Governments; but I do not consent to the
doctrine of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Ma-
son,] that whenever it shall please the President
of the United States to ask us for appropriations
to any amount for missions of any class, it is
our business to vote them blindfold, without
making any inquiry as to the necessity of the ap-
propriation. I cannot believe that that is sound
constitutional doctrine.
Mr. MASON. Allow me to interrupt the Sen-
ator. He ascribes that to me as my opinion; but
he has never heard it from me. I said this: that
the President has the exclusive direction, under
the Constitution, of the intercourse of this coun-
try with foreign Governments, and if he asks for
a mission, as far as I know, Congress, unless we
are satisfied that the mission ought not to be
instituted, have no alternative but 10 vote it. I
have 110 such information as would justify me in
refusing to vote for it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. We come back, then, to
the simple inquiry which I had the honor to sub-
mit to the chairman of the Committee 011 Finance
