1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1019
' wisdom ofthose who framed the Constitution, and
in that department they have lodged certain pow-
ers. One is, as the organ of this Government
abroad, to maintain our intercourse with foreign
nations, and to make suggestions in relation to it.
The honorable Senator from Georgia said, as
I understood him—I might have misunderstood
him—that he wanted no intercourse with Persia.
Why not? They are heathen and idolaters; they
hardly belong to our race; but, Mr. President, we
have opened most important advantageous chan-
nels of commercial intercourse with those nations
which our people would be very reluctant to re-
linquish. There are no people on earth who are
more jealous of strangers, more averse to inter-
course with them, who have tried harder to keep
strangers at a distance, than the Government and
people of China have done; and yet modern civ-
ilization has broken down the barriers they would
seek to interpose between them and other nations,
and have reaped advantages which were mutu-
ally beneficial to both nations. What have we
tried lately with Japan—a country that was sealed
against the world ? In the wisdom of those who
regulate this Government, it was thought im-
portant almost to force a way to open channels
of commercial intercourse with them, which re-
main yet to be probed and yet to be tried.
The honorable Senators from Georgia and
Louisiana have both said, as I understood them,
that we have nothing to do with Persia. " Look
into the tables of commerce, "say they; "we have
never imported a dollar from them or they from
us; we have nothing to do with them." True;
and yet that may be a reason with the Executive
in conducting the executive department of the
Government, why we should have something to
do with them. Persia is one of the oldest nations
known to the earth; of large population, great
wealth, great resources; and it may possibly be
desirable to the people of this country, that they
should have commercial intercourse with them.
Although we have had none yet, it may be that
there is now an avenue opened by which we may
obtain it. I do not see that we are exactly to pur-
sue the eastern policy, and say to these nations,
" We will have nothing to do with you; you are
idolaters; you are heathen; you hardly belong to
our race; and to institute the same policy to-
wards these people which they, because of their
blindness, have instituted to the rest of the world.
We know the wealth of Persia; we know how
isolated they have stood among the nations of the
earth, and how earnest they have been to keep
the rest of the world at a distance; and we know
that some of the European Governments are now
doing with them what we have recently done
with Japan, which has met the approbation of the
whole country. I do not know what the policy
of these European nations is. I am rather dis-
posed to think that the policy of England is an
aggressive policy for selfish purposes; but be that
as it may, it will probably result in opening com-
mercial intercourse with Persia. If our Execu-
tive—I do not say the President—but if that great
department of the Government, instituted, as we
were, by the Constitution, were to refrain from
recommending to Congress at the earliest moment
to avail itself of an opportunity to open inter-
course with that nation, the executive depart-
ment, in my judgment, would be utterly delin-
quent in its duty.
Now, what is proposed ? It is suggested by the
President that an appropriation should be made
for a mission to Persia, and it is objected that
Senators here know no reason why it should be
done; that we have had 110 intercourse with them,
and therefore we should never have any; that we
have imported nothing from them, and therefore
never should import anything from them; that
they have taken nothing from us, and therefore
should never take anything from us. That cer-
tainly is not reasoning that addresses itself tomy
ideas of conducting the Government for the ben-
efit of those who have intrusted it to us. I have
no peculiar information on this subject, but I do
know this: almost every nation, and none more
sedulous than ours, has been intently looking
for every avenue of commerce it can find, for the
purpose of opening commercial exchanges for
the benefit of nations; and I say the Executive of
this nation, be he who he may, would be derelict
in his duty unless he did recommend to Congress
to institute a mission to Persia, or to any other
nation when he presumed we should be likely to
be benefited by opening commercial intercourse
with it, which we never had before.
Now, sir, as this Government is constituted,
the Senate jjs made a part of the executive power;
and under tRe rules, and the proper rules govern-
ing our business in the executive department, we
are not at liberty to disclose what is done in the
executive sessions of the Senate, and therefore
this debate must be under very great restraint;
but yet every Senator knows that there are cir-
cumstances existing in the relations between this
Government and Persia which may make it emi-
nently desirable that we should open the only
intercourse known between nation and nation,
which is the diplomatic intercourse by the ex-
change of ministers, or at least have one there.
I have thought itdue to say thus much, though
I do not claim to be better informed than other
Senators as to any special reasons which lead to
the call for this mission at the present time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This debate, sir, has de-
veloped some very extraordinary features. The
Congress of the united States is called upon to
make an appropriation of the public money. The
inquiry is made, to what possible use that money
is to be appropriated? A number of Senators
rise and defend the appropriation, and not a soli-
tary reason can be suggested by any Senator
except that the Executive wants the money. We
have some mysterious intimation of reasons that
cannot be stated in public session, why it may
be necessary just now to get up a communication
with the interior of Asia.
Here is a country having no sea-board but that
on the Persian Gulf, connected with the Arabian
Gulf by the Straits of Ormus, now in the posses-
sion of Great Britain in a state of war with Persia,
no seaport on that gulf but the port of Bushire,
which, according to recent information, is now in
the possession of Great Britain. The Senator
from Texas [Mr. Rusk] talks to us of the trade
of that country, and says the best proof of the
existence of a valuable trade is the fact that Great
Britain and Russia are fighting for it. Why, Mr.
President, I never denied that there was a trade
between Persia and the Russian possessions of
the north nor between Persia and the Indian pos-
sessions of Great Britain on the east; but I said
that there was no trade, and could be none,
between Persia and this country.
Mr. WELLER. Why not?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Because it has no seaports
for conducting trade.
Mr. MASON. Where is the gulf?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The straits leading to the
gulf are now closed by the war with Russia. It
is just at the moment when there is a war between
Persia and Great Britain, when two European
nations are contending for influence in her coun-
cils, that mysterious reasons are hinted to us for
sending diplomatic agents far into the interior and
heart of a country of the eastern continent.
There are a great many sensible men who be-
lieve that a large portion of our diplomatic service
could be dispensed with with great advantage to
the country. Many believe that our ministers at
the courts of Europe are of no service in conduct-
ing the affairs of this Government, and are mere
places for politicians; and if we look at the char-
acter of the men who have of late years been sent
abroad, will any man, having regard to the honor
and interest of the country, say, with his hand
011 his heart, and answering conscientiously to :
his country, that this country would not have I
been better offif these men had remained athoine,!
and all intercourse through such agents had been
.suspended ? Are we to take the map of the world i
and see if there bo any barbarian Powers, or any 1
of the Oriental countries in the interior of the ;
continents, to which it is possible that we mi^ht I
find places to send diplomatic agents, there to ]
display the power and importance and dignity of j
this country, in competition with that of Euro- j
pean monarchies ?
Mr. President, we have no reason for engaging
in such rivalry as this; no public interest is sub- ,
served by it. It is a project to provide place, and
nothing else. We have place-men enough in the j
eountry. I do not care whether the incoming 1
Administration or the outgoing Administration
is to fill this office. The question for me, as an
! American Senator, is this: Do I see any reason for
: making this appropriation of Hie public money ?
None is sent to us from the executive depart-
ment; Irene is suggested by the gentlemen who
defend the appropriation. I can conceive no
earthly motive for it. I see nothing in it but an
additional place to be filled by some broken-down
politician. I trust that the Senate will find some
reason for this appropriation before it consents to
make it.
Mr. MALLORY. I would not say a word oti
this subject, but that the yeas and nays are called
for; and I shall vote against the proposition with
a great deal of regret, because I am always ready
to carry out the recommendations of the Presi-
dent as to our foreign intercourse. But the lan-
guage held by the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations [Mr. Mason] is so remarkable,
that it may well bear comment. He tells us, what
we all know, that the charge of our foreign rela-
tions is committed solely to the President— that
is conceded; and that before we vote against a
recommendation for the establishment of a new
mission, the Senate should have some sufficient
reason for doing so. The Committee on Foreign
Relations lose sight of the fact that when the Ex-
ecutive comes to the Senate to establish a mission
to a country with which we have no intercourse,
at which they do not show that a single Amer-
ican citizen resides, and with which we cannot,
by possibility, at the present time, have any trade,
we are not to show the reasons why we should
not establish the mission, but we are to have some
reasons why one should be established. If the
request were to establish a new mission with
any country on this continent, any country with
which we had already an existing trade, or in
which our citizens were resident, or through
which they passed as travelers, there might be a
showing of a want of such a mission; but I a ree
entirely with the Senator from Louisiana that,
unless some reason be given us more than we
have heard yet, I see not with what face this ap-
propriation can be asked. I deny that we are to
sit here and vote appropriations to carry out new
missions simply because they are recommended
by the President, who has charge of our foreign
relations, particularly when a prima facie case is
made out by the very name of Persia that we can-
not possibly have anything worthy of the name
of commercial trade there. Unless the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations can give us some other
reason than that divulged here, I think that even
if this mission could be established for nothing,
we had better pay the $17,000 to keep our citizens
out of the country. By doing that we shall not
be held responsible for anything that occurs—we
shall not stand committed; but not having any
interests in that country, we may, by sending a
mission, possibly be entangled with the affairs of
Persia.
Mr. BROWN. I intend to vote for this amend-
ment, and will, in half a dozen words, assign the
reason why I shall do so. I do not believe the
intelligent head of the State Department at this
time would have made this recommendation,
unless, in his enlightened judgment, the interest
of the country required it; and I wholly reject
the suggestion made by the Senator from Louis-
iana, that this is an attempt to create a place.
Why should the present Secretary of State desire
to create a new office or new place ? He will have
passed out of power before the places are to be
filled. He can have no motive for it. This bill
cannot possibly pass, and the commission of a
minister made out, before the 3d of March.
Nobody expects that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Why not?
Mr. BROWN. I know why not. If the Sen-
ator does not, I shall not attempt to explain the
reason. Everybody knows it is not to be done,
and what everybody understands, it is of no use
to explain.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I trust the Senator from
Mississippi will be so kind as to give me an ex-
planation, for I do not know why the outgoing
! President cannot fill the place, if we create it at
i this session.
j Mr. BROWN. I take it for granted that if the
! Senator will exercise a little of his ordinary in-
genuity, he will see the reason without my ex-
nlainino- why. I say I have the utmostconfidencs
. that the Secretary of State would not have made
j this recommendation with the sanction of the
■ ! President, unless for a good reason. The Sen-
' ator from Louisiana says no reason has boea
