t903
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
assigned why the appropriation should be made.
I say, on the other hand, that I have heard no
reason why it should not be made; and when the
Executive Government asks for an appropriation
#f this character, asking for it on their intelli-
gence, I think that it is a substantial reason for
our action, unless some reason shall be shown
on the other hand why we should not act affirm-
atively.
We all understand, I suppose, that the incom-
ing Administration wilt fill this place or not, just
a& they may deem the public service to be sub-
served by so doing or otherwise. I should be
willing; to see the appropriation made, and the
appointment made by the present President and
SecretaryofState. Entertainingthatfeehngabout
it, I have much less repugnance to making the
appropriation and leaving the. place to be filled by
the incoming Administration, who will not act
upon any preconceived notion about the necessity
of it—will have no pride of opinion to carry out
their own recommendation in making the appoint-
ment. They will take it up as a new case. If,
in their opinion, it be found best to make these
appointments, they will be made, and I dare say
not otherwise.
As to our having no trade with the country,
that does not weigh a feather on my mind. We
had no amount of tiade when we first sent a com-
missioner to China. We have a very important
trade there now; and to no part of the Confed-
eracy is it more important than to the State rep-
resented by the Senator from Louisiana himself.
We had no trade with Japan, and yet we fitted
out an expedition at the heaviest cost, and sent it
there to open up a trade to us—a successful ex-
pedition—an expedition which has immortalized
the commodore who was placed at the head of it,
and shed imperishable honor on all who took part
in it—an expedition which is sooner or later to
be worth millions upon millions to the commerce
of our countrynmd we can, perchance, when this
war, of which gentlemen speak as going on be-
tween England and Persia, shall be ended, and
the Persian Gulf shall be again opened to trade,
through tins instrumentality open up a trade with
that couutry, not equally beneficial with the trade
already opened with China and Japan, perhaps,
but at least equal to the cost of the mission. For
these reasons, briefly assigned, I mean to vote for
the amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. 1 do not
desire to mix myself up with the controversy be-
tween other gentlemen; but I desire simply to ;
give my reasons for concurring with the Senator j
from Louisiana, and 1 do so with great diffidence. i
Persia for centuries has been a semi-barbaric :
country. It is a country with which we have no j
commerce, no trade. The only approach to it is '
through the Persian Gulf. From the day when ;
Crassus was defeated by the Parthians, down to
this time, it has been a despotic, semi-barbarous
country. We have had no commerce—no busi-
ness in connection with it. If it be subjugated I
either by Russia, France, or Great Britain, we
are no moi e concerned about it than they are con-
cerned about our taking a set of Sioux, or Sacs,
or Foxes, or Crow-feet Indians in the Rocky
Mountains, and subjecting them to us. This is
an unnecessary digression, deviously going out
of the proper route of the Government, simply
to make a sinecure position, an office to be given
to some hungry, broken-down politician, as the
Senator from Louisiana has said. That is all
you can make out of it. I do not wish to have
any American minister in that country. If we
send one he will be sure to get into a fuss. lie
will make a noise. lie will get up foolish treaties.
He will want to annex something, or cut up a big
shine, as one of our men lately did m bombard-
ingCanton. If he cannot do anything else when
the Russians and English setup a fight, iiy Will
go atound carrying the American flag, and get
somebody to shoot at it, so that he may defend
it. I would rather send a minister to the Tnuum
of Muscat, to the East Indian Aichipelago, or to
Tnnbuctoo. The latter would be a great deal
better than this, because it might subserve Libe-
ria, and the cause of colonization and the negro
race.
I have great regard for the opinions of the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and I have great respect for him per-
sonally; and I am surprised that he should advo-
cate this measure. If it shall succeed, I do not
know whether or not this Administration will
send out the minister. To be sure, it is now in>
extremist looking aloft and needing extreme unc-
tion. [Laughter.] Whether in its expiring mo-
ments, it will be, as we say in Kentucky, " sensi-
ble to the last" or not, I cannot tell. It is dying,
and is nearly dead. Whether Mr. Buchanan
wants this mission or not, I do not know. He
might want it, or he might not want it. To be
sure he will want more offices than he will have
to give. Everybody knows that there will be no
small number of applicants for office swarming
around him, and he will be in a very difficult po-
sition. He comes in after a President of the same
politics, with the incumbents of the same side as
himself, and it may be difficult for him to turn
them all out and put in a new set of Hies. He is
in a bad condition. Perhaps he may want this
place in order to put in it some man whom he
desires to get out of the way. When I was out
of Congress, I made an inquiry of a sensible man
who had been in France at the time when Canro-
bert and Pellissicr were in Arabia fighting the
Zouaves. I asked him what in the world is the
reason that Louis Philippe is making this ever-
lasting and eternal war at such a great expense
against the Bedouin Arabs ? He does not want
to get a foot-hold there; he does not waut a
desert country like that. " Why," said he,
" it is a trick of State. He exiles all the dis-
turbed spirits; all the men who would be trouble-
some to him at home, everybody that he can-
not take care of, that is the outlet for them."
So our new States and Territories seem to be an
outlet for people here. If our people had been
crowded together in New York, as they are in the
faubourgs and purlieus of Pans, we should have
had a revolution long ago. I suppose this place
might be very desirable in order to exile some
man to, who might be troublesome at home. Mr.
Buchanan possibly might put some very clever
fellow in this place. I shall say nothing on that
point. Hut 1 see no necessity for this additional
minister. 1 do not profess to be remaikably ac-
curate on questions like this, but I have looked
somewhat into the geography and the statistics
of various nations, and if the session was not so
short and time so precious, I should like to say
a great many tilings which this measure naturally
suggests.
I have great confidence in the ability of Mr.
Marcy. He has written a letter asking for this
appropriation, giving no reason in the world
except simply that he wants it. Whether he
means to have the giving out of this office, or
intends to leave it to the next Administration, I
cannot tell. Mr. Marcy has had a great deal on
his hands, and probably on that account he does
not know as much about this business as lie ought
to know, although he is a highly intelligent man,
and has made a good Secretaiy ofState. I think
the only result of this proposition, if adopted,
will be to give a sinecure office to some man who
cannot he otherwise disposed of but by sending
him into honorable exile. I do not wish to say
anything hard about this Administration, which
has one foot in the grave, or about the Adminis-
tration which is to come into power in a few days.
If it does right, I shall probably support it, but
no further than my judgment dictates. Here, on
a simple demand, a mere private missile from the
Secretary of State, we aie called upon to vote
this money. 1 will not do it. I do not believe
there is any reason or propriety in doing it. If
time were not so valuable, I should like to say a
great deal more. As it is, I am really sorry that
i have said anything.
Mr. SLiOELL. Mr. President, this amend-
ment was otfered, and a great portion of the de-
bate took place, before I arrived in the Senate
Chamber, and I confess I am not sufficiently in-
fos med of the objects of the amendment, and the
reasons assigned for it, to give a conscientious
vote on the subject. I wish, first, to inquire by
what committee this amendment has been of-
fered ?
Mr. HUNTER. The Finance Committee.
Mr. SLIOELL. I wisn to know if any, and
if so, what recommendations have been given by
the Department of State ? I should like to hear
them read.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will inform my colleague
that it is nothing but a simple request to uppro-
| priate the money—not a solitary reason being
given.
Mr. SLIDELL. I should like to hear it read.
The Secretary read the letter of the Secretary
of State, as follows:
Department of 3tate,
Washington, February S2U
Sir : I have the honorto request that appropriations may
be made for the following objects: ' " -
Fort-alary of an envoy extraordinary and minister pleni-
potentiary to Persia, .<3:12,000.
For salary of a secretary of legation to Persia, &-3.800*
For salaiy of an mterpretei to tlie mission to Persia,
$2,500.
I have the hoaor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
W. L. MARCY.
Hon. R. M. T. Honter, Chairman of the Committee on
Financc, Spenute.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am not very familiar with
the forms of legislation and the channels through
which recommendations of this soit ought to
pass. I do not pretend to express any positive
opinion on the subject; but it seems to me that in
; a matter involving the diplomatic affairs of this
j Government, a recommendation for the creation
of a new mission should have been addressed to
the Committee on Foreign Relations. This even-
ing is the first time I have heard, except through
the medium of the public papers, that it was in
contemplation to create such a mission. If there
had been any circumstances that might not prop-
erly be communicated to the public at large, I
think they might have been safely intrusted to
the Committee on Foreign Relations. Wc have
not been informed on this subject. I am totally
ignorant of the reasons that have induced the Sec-
vetary of State to make this recommendation. I
think we are entitled to a little more respect from
the Government and from the Secretary of State,
I think that, at any rate, the proper committee
charged m this branch of the Government with
the foreign affairs of this nation, should at least
be placed in possession of some information upon
subjects of equal importance with this, I think
that comity, that courtesy has not been extended
to the Committee., on Foreign Relations. We
have never heard of it. There may be very
grave motives; possibly there are; I am hound,
from my respect for the character of Mr. Marcy,
i to believe he has such reasons? and if he had
! thought proper to communicate them to the ap-
i propriate committee of the Senate, they doubt-
| less would have had their proper effect. I am
■' sure that if any reason could be offered to mo
! satisfactory to my mind that the public interest
I would be subserved by the creation of a newmis-
| sion to the Empire of Persia, it would have been
j a matter of extreme indifference to me whether
i that mission were to be filled by the present or
1 the incoming Administration. That is a question
1 which never would have weighed with me for one
. moment; but obliged to act as I am in total igno-
j ranee of all the motives which have dictated this
| recommendation, I must act on my own judg-
ment, and I must ask myself what good is to be
j produced by this mission, and what mischief may
i result from it.
i For my own part I am free to say that I can
, imagine no possible good, but I can anticipate a
| great deal of harm, from the dispatch of a minis-
! ter to this point at this time. The Senator from
California [Mr. Weller] says he should like
to hear my reasons for this opinion.
Mr. WELLER. What harm can result from
jit?
j Mr. SLIDELL. Persia has no commercial
j relations with us, and we are not at all likely to
i have any. Although it may not be permitted to
speak here of what has occurred, I may be al-
lowed to state a hypothetical case. It is possi-
ble that at some, future, perhaps at no very dis-
tant day, an insignificant trade may grow up with
Persia, and for the regulation of that trade it
may be very proper that we should have a com-
mercial treaty. If that treaty be confined simply
to commercial objects, every interest of the Gov-
ernment can be equally well defended by our ordi-
nary consular agents. The commercial treaty in
all probability would contain a stipulation that
we might be permitted to appoint consular agents
to reside at certain points. That object may bo
attained without difficulty, and I presume will
meet with no opposition from any member of the
Senate.
What are the political objects to be attained?
Persia has no political consequence except that
