1022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 28,
influenced by motives of State policy, justice, and !
propriety in the measure which they have pro-1
posed. X am willing to repose that confidence in j
the Executive. _ _ ;
Again, sir, suppose this appropriation to be
made, the whole subject will be left to the in- |
coming Administration; they will look over the |
whole ground in relation to this matter; they will j
examine the facts and bearings of the subject on \
our interest and our honor; and I am willing to i
leave the subject in the hands of those two vet- j
eran statesmen, the incoming President and Sec-
retary of State. I believe such an object as this
cannot be confided to safer hands than the hands
of the President elect and the Secretary of State
who is to be. I believe the interest and honor
of this country may be well confided to them.
Under these circumstances, I shall vote for the
appropriation, believing that if this proposition
coming from the Executive be rejected, it will be
an evidence that we withheld that confidence in
the Administration to which it is justly and emi-
nently entitled. I shall, therefore, vote for the
appropriation.
Mr. NOURSE. As far as I can understand,
Mr. President, the question is now to be settled,
whether the Senate is to vote money simply
because the President, through the Secretary of
State, desues it. He simply suggests that an
appropriation is wanted; he doesnotdeign to give
any reason why it is wanted, or to consult with
the committee of this body confidentially in re-
gard to the propriety of it, or to say even that
there are reasons which it is not proper to state.
But the naked question is presented here in a case
thftt seems to have very little to recommend it,
whether or not, simply because the President
desires it, we shall vote the money. I think the
President has a grave responsibility in regard to
this matter, and I am willing he should take it. I
think we have a responsibility, and we have no
right to shake it off. we must act on our responsi-
bility as well as the President acts upon his. Be-
fore I can consent to vote for an appropriation
of this sort, I mast be .satisfied somehow that the
object is right and proper in and of itself; and if
there arc reasons that are not proper to be given
publicly, I must have an intimation of the fact that
there are reasons existing which it is not proper
to communicate. We have neither.
Mr. WELLER. The President of the United
States has charge of the intercourse with foreign
Governments, and in order to carry on negotia-
tions he has asked of the Senate an appropriation
which he thinks ncccssary to send a diplomatic
agent to Persia. I scarcely expected that the
Senator from Maine, who has no confidence what-
ever in the integrity cither of tins or the incoming
Administration, would vote for an appropriation
unless specifically informed as to the necessity
of it. Now, sir, how often is it in this body that
we are compelled to vote for an appropriation of
the public money upon no other recommendation
than that of the'head of one of the Departments ■
of the Government? How often is it when an
amendment is mo\ed in this body that the ques-
tion is apked, " Is it recommended by the head of
a DepartmentIf it is, ordinarily wc have so
much confidence in the integrity of that Depart-
ment that we vote the public money. I cannot
expect the Senator from Maine to act on any such
considerations as that, for lie has no confidence
in the integrity or honesty of those who are polit-
ically opposed to him.
Mr. NOURSE. I should hke to know how
the gentleman is informed of that' I have never
given uttrrance to such a sentiment.
Mr. IV ELLER. I have no other way of de-
termining but lrom the character isnd the conduct
of the Senator from Maine I have said that the
President of the United States, who is charged
with our diplomatic relations, has asked, through
the Secretary or'Suite, for this appropriation. I
take for granted that there may be a thousand
reasons operating on the mind of the President,
which lie is not at liberty to disclose publicly,
and therefore he contents himself with simply
saying that in his judgment the appointment of
a minister to Persia is necessary for the public
interest.
Nov/, I ask you upon what ground we can
refuse it? He alone, above all others, is charged
under the Constitution with the appointment of
foreign embassadors, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate. He deems such an ap-
pointment as this indispensable for the public
good. He asks it from Congress; but the Senator
from Maine says he has not told him the reason
why he demands it. There may be public con-
siderations which compel him to conceal the rea-
sons from the public, i have intimated already
that we have seen the movements of the Russian
and the English Governments in Persia, and in
my judgment the appointment of a minister there
is necessary to look after our commercial inter-
ests.
But, says the Senator, we have no commercial
interests there; they have blockaded the Persian
Gulf. Is there nothing to be accomplished in the
way of removing that blockade? If your Yan-
kees from New England can go there with their
manufactures, and open a commerce with Persia,
is not that a great object to be attained? Isitnot
a desirable one ? May there not be a thousand
reasons operating on the mind of the Executive,
who is chargcd exclusively with this subject, j
which he is not at liberty to disclose to the Senate? i
I did notexpectthe Senator from Maine to take
the declaration of the Secretary of State as satis-
factory; but I did hope that those who had con-
fidence in the integrity of the Chief Magistrate
would be willing to believe that when he asked
for an appropriation which he considered neces-
sary in order to send a minister to a foreign Gov-
ernment, they would not hesitate to vote for it.
That is the ground on which I place it.
I am not as sensitive as the Senator from Lou-
isiana, [Mr. Slidell,] who is a member of the
Committee on Foreign Relations. He thinks
that because we are charged with the foreign re-
lations of this Government—and I have the honor
of being a member of that committee—we ought
to have been consulted, we ought to have been
told the particular reasons why it was necessary,
at this juncture, to send a minister to Persia.
Why, sir, every one knows, who knows anything
about the organization of the Senate, that the
Committee on Finance have charge of the public
Tieasury. Tliey hold the purse strings. In
order to get an appropriation, application must
be made to thnt committee of the Senate, and
therefore it was that the Secretary of State, by
the order of the President, made the application to
the appropriate committee here for an appropria-
tion to fill that mission. Whenever he chooses to
send here the nomination of a minister to represent
this country abroad, then, and not until then, in
my judgment, is the proper time for the Committee
on Foieign Relations to be consulted Sir, when-
ever he chooses to send you a minister, that nomi-
nation will be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations. I am sure we shall not consider that
our honor has been wounded in not heing con-
sulted until that time has arrived. The Senator
from Louisiana [Mr. Sudell] may take it as
offensive that he has not been consulted on this
subject, or that the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions have not b( en told of the particular reasons;
but it is enough for me to know that that Depart- i
ment of the Government having charge of this
subject, have colled upon the Senate: to make the
appropriation for it. I will make it; and if the
President nominates an improper person, I, as a
member of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
will have him rejected, if I can.
i; But the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Bsnja-
j mi::] seemed to think that the only object of this
/, appropriation was to make a place, in the beau-
I titul language of my friend from Kentucky, for
' j some broken-down politician. Sir, I have no
•1 idea that the present Chief Magistrate expects to
J fill this appointment, ami it can'hardly be said
,j that the next Administration which comes into
■ i office will send to us an improper person for this
!; mission. If it docs, I would join with the Sena-
tor from Louisiana in rejecting him. Eat why
.| rejcct this proposition now? The present Chief
j| Magistrate, who has charge of this subject, has
asked for the appropriation. The Senator from !
; Louisiana knows of no reasons why it should
i! be made. Docs he know of any reasons why it
J should not be made? Does the Senator from
,1 Louisiana, who has no connection with our for-
1 cign relations, know more about the necessity of
!, this appropriation than the President of the United
it States and the Secretary of State ? lie thinks he.
does; but there is an honest difference of opinion
between him and myself, I would rather rely on
the judgment of the President and Secretary of
State, who have charge of our foreign relations,
who overlook the whole of these questions, than
depend on the judgment of the Senator from
Louisiana, or any other Senator on this floor.
That is the ground on which I stand. This
appropriation has been asked for by the proper
Department of the Government. I do not demand,
nor do I think I have a right to demand, what
their reasons may be for this recommendation.
I know I am compelled to vote for appropriations
every year without knowing the reason that may
operate on the mind of the public officer in making
the demand. More especially is this the case in
regard to our foreign relations. I shall vote for
this appropriation most cheerfully.
Mr. NOURSE. The Senator from California
says he did not expect from me that I should be
willing to vote for this appropriation, because I
have no confidence in the President that is, or in
the President that is to be—a very significant
intimation that my objection is founded upon a
factious opposition on my part. Sometimes, Mr.
President, m forming a judgment of other people,
we consider what it is that operates in our own
breasts. If I were to charge that gentleman, either
directly or indirectly, with being governed by no
other or higher motive in his strong, vehement,
and almost violent advocacy of this measure than
that of simply desiring to place himself on very
high ground with the incoming Administration, I
suppose it would not be decorous, nor within the
rules of order, and therefore I shall not doit; but
I simply say that I disclaim the intimation—I dis-
claim the principle of action imputed to me If I
know myself, I would as soon give to Mr. Buch-
anan, who I suppose is to he the man, the discretion
as to any one else; but I have an opinion in regard
to the Senate that it has other and higher duties
than simply to record the will of the Executive
of this Union. Why does the Constitution make
it necessary for the President to come to this
Chamber at all for money, if, when he comes
; here, we are, as a matter of course,^without
rhyme or reason, to give him that money, and
let him take it, and we have nothing to do with
it. The President acts on his high responsibil-
ities, and he hns a thousand motives and consid-
erations properly influencing him that we know
nothing and have no right to know anything
about: and therefore we must vote the money!
Sir, I wish the gentleman to understand that there
are some people who are governed by other con-
siderations than mere partisan politics.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There are some things that
fell from the Senator from California, against
which I deem it my duty to enter my most solemn
and vehement protest. How stands the case be-
fore the Senate ? We have before us a mandate
from an executive officer, for it is nothing else.
I will read it to the Senate — it is all we have:
" I have the honor to request'' — that is, to the
^chairman of the Finance Committee—" that ap-
propriations may bo made for the following ob-
jects;" and he calls for $17,000. When a Sena-
tor rises in his place, and asks why that money
is wonted, the Senator from California tells us
that it is very strange that we refuse to vote this
money, or to exercise an independent judgment
upon the subject, because an executive officer is
to be presumed to know better than we do what
the money is wanted for; and the Senator says to
mc, or says in answer to me, that he has much
higher confidencc in the recommendations of the
executive department, and in its knowledge of this
subject, than in what falls from the Senator from
Louisiana. Sir, 1 have no doubt whatever that
the executive department, or the officer who pre-
sides over tins department of Foreign Relations, is
much better competent to give opinions on the
subject of our communications abroad than any
information that my poor mean? may enable mc to
afford to the Senate; but when he comes to me
as a Senator, and asks for my vote for the pay-
ment of the public money, and asks me to put the
Treasury of the country at his disposal, I demand
reasons, and not executive requests. 1 trust that
every Senator on this floor will do the same.
Time was, pir, when the communications be-
tween the executive department and the Amer-
ican Senate were on a different footing from this.
Time was, that when any fresh source of public
expenditure was opened, some information was
given to the 5ienate; exeeuthe officers deigned
