1024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28.
I did not hear distinctly the amendment, but I
suppose it applies equally to all the officers of the
Government, heads of bureaus, Cabinet officers—
ail are to be apportioned amongst the several
States — as what? As a property in the emolu-
ments of the Government, to be distributed equally
amongst the American people in proportion to
their population. Sir, if there is one principle
leading to more degeneracy than any other in the
public morals, as well as in the prdper adminis-
tration of the Government, it is this idea of ro-
tation in office. What does it mean ? It means
that office is property, and that you are to enjoy
it during the tenure of the Administration that
has the distribution of it. This is the idea of ro-
tation in office—that the head of the Government
who comes in to administer the Government for
the benefit of the American people, is to distribute
the patronage of the Government as a part of the
property incident to his tenure of office.
1 am very well aware, sir, that we have by iaw
a distribution of the offices of the Navy, and a
distribution of the appointments to West Point,
amongst the several States in proportion to their
population; and there maybe a propriety in that.
Why? Because those officers are there educated
fortiie public use; and it may be wise, proper,
and equitable, that this bounty of the Govern-
ment (for the education is a bounty) should not be
unequally di^uibuted amongst the people; but who
are these officers—the clerks, the subordinates,
for it goes down to the lowest of them—who are
they5 They are those who are paid to do the
ministerial servce of the Government—not edu-
cated for the purpose, but who are paid to do the
ministerial service of the Government—for whose
benefit? For theirs? Certainly not; I utterly
repel the idea; but for the benefit of the Govern-
ment that wants the business done; and it would
be a happy day for the American people if the
whole people could lift themselves above this idea
of the petty patronage distributed here at Wash-
ington.
The honorable Senator has said that those
States that are nearest to the Government enjoy
thclaigest patronage; and he Jiaa said of my own
and very honored State that it has five times as
much as any other. J do not know how the fact
is. I have never had the curiosity to look into
it. 1 have heard from time to time that Virginia
had a larger share of officers than any other State,
but I never thought it worth my inquiry or notice.
I can say this: that if a man was to come here
from Virginia, and Pay, " I am entitled to'office
because* Virginia has not her share in reference
to population," I should be very apt to give him
an exceedingly cold answer.
I can understand this, however. I doubt not
the District of Columbia has a larger share than
she would be entitled to according to the appor-
tionment proposed by the Senator from Missis-
sippi; and why? Because they are on the spot;
because they are better known; because they are
here, ready to fill these places. So it may be
with Virginia, with Maryland, with Pennsylva-
nia, and with the States that are adjacent; but 1
would say to the honorable Senator, from the real
respect that I entertain for him and his people,
that he is fortunate in being so far removed from
the patronage of this Government—fortunate m
being so far removed from the baleful influences
of that patronage. The effect of it is only to
make dull and insensible those who have the
mi>foitunc to come here in early life to the real
honors of life, the high paths open to every Amer-
ican citizen. It dulls their sensibilities by giving
them a mere pecuniwm on which to hvc. I say
to the honorable Senator, that I should esteem my
constituents fortunate if they were as far removed
from the reat of Government as are his constit-
uents. I look upon it as our misfortune that we
are so near to it—so near to the tempting, delu- i
sive proffers of its patronage. j
I had remarked that there was such a propo- ]
sition before the Senate; I believe the Senator '
introduced a bill on the subject. So far as I can
appreciate the character of this Government, I
regret to find it. I should still more regret to find
it carried into effect; for I really think that hon-
orable Senator and others, who are equally for-
tunate with him and his constituents, are fortunate
in being so far removed from the allurements of!
the petty patronage of this Government. j
Mr. BROWN. The Senator from Virginia .
regards it as monstrous that we should think
of distributing the patronage among the States.
How monstrous? Why, sir, from your Pres-
ident down through all the heads of the Depart-
ments, and your foreign ministers, this rule is ob-
served. True, you had the Presidents for a long
series of years from Virginia; but what is more
common now, when a presidential election is
coming on, than to discuss in the newspapers
what section is entitled to it? Does not the great
West set up her claims? Has not New England
put up her claim? Docs not the South put up
her claim '
Mr. MASON. No.
Mr. BROWN. Not through the State of Vir-
ginia, because she has had more Presidents al-
ready than is her due. She has no claim; but
when you come to appointing Cabinet ministers,
do you take them all from a State or a section?
Who knows better than the Senator from Vir-
ginia, that you take them from different sections,
each one representing a separate section of the
country—one from New England, one from the
middle States, one from the West, one from the
Northwest, one from the Southwest, one from the
South, and so on. Ought not the foreign min-
isters to be taken in the same way ? Who would
think of taking all the foreign ministers from
Virginia or New York? I dare say either of
them could furnish gentlemen eminently qualified
to fill every one of your missions; and yet they
are not so taken; and if they were, no Senator
would be more ready to denounce it than the
Senator from Virginia.
How are the heads of bureaus taken > Are
, they all taken from the District of Columbia? I
j dare say the District of Columbia could present
| intelligent gentlemen enough to fill them all, but
the States put in their claims. One is taken from
one State,and one from another; and it is no new
thing to hear it said that a particular State has
for many years held this office, and therefore it
ou  lit to be. tumsferred to some other State. I
have none uf '• high-falntm"' notions of the
S.'iKifoi from Virginia, i be'-evc it is pioper to
dispense the important patronage of the Govern-
ment among the States and among the sections,
as it lus been dispensed, and equally important
so to dispense the humbler pauonage. Because
a class of men have not the intellect or the high
position to quahfy riiem for the Presidency, or
for the heads of Departments, or for foreign mis-
sions, tarnishes 110 reason why they should be
entirely cut oif from the patronage of the Gov-
ernment.
If all the clerks must come from Virginia and
Maryland and the District of Columbia, and one
or two surrounding States, because they happen
to be near the seat of Government, why not take
all your foreign ministers, all your Cabinet min-
isters, all your other officers from the same local-
ity'1 They are closer by; they can be easier com-
municated with. Mr. Buchanan, I dare say, could
have found in Pennsylvania, among his warm and
zealous supporters, gentlemen eminently quali-
fied—perhaps as well qualified as those whom he
has selected—enough of them to have made up
the whole Cabinet, and could have communicated
with them in two or three hours, and had them
all around him. They could have gone and had
a quiet breakfast with him any morning, and there
would have been 110 scandal, because nobody
would have suspected him of Cabinet-making in
that way. He could have done up things snug
some morning at breakfast; and yet if it had been
done, I have "no doubt the Senator from Virginia
would have denounced it as a monstrous outrage.
If, 111 dispensing the rest of the patronage, all the
foreign ministers should be given out, and all the
heads of bureaus, and old Virginia overlooked,
her Senators no doubt would grow exceedingly
indignant, and would say, " This is dishonoring
Virginia."
Mr. MASON. Allow me to interrupt the Sen-
ator. I never did and never would intimate a
desire to any President that is to be hereafter, or
that has been, that any man should be taken from
Virginia to fill any responsible office, or any other
[office. 1 should feel that the President had de-
I scended if he inquired whether it would he agree-
! able to my State that an adviser should be taken
from that State. Let him act on his own respons-
ibility, and take his advisers from wherever he
thinks proper.
Mr. BROWN. I said the gentleman hud some
notions that I did not exactly appreciate, and so
he has; but they are notions not common to most
of the people in this country. I have heard very
lately that Virginians did claim the appointment
of a Cabinet minister from that State, and I think
it was right, as a matter of respect to the Old
Dominion. I can very well understand why the
Senator from Virginia has never been called upon
to perform this sort of office; for Virginia has
always had more than her share of the good
things that aie going, from clerkships clear up to
the Presidency, and therefore she had no reason
to come, through her Senators or anybody else,
to claim anything; but my State has not been so
fortunate. I think she has always had less than
her fair proportion, and, therefore, I move this
amendment, that it may not be so hereafter.
Mr. FISH called for the yeas and nays on the
amendment to the amendment; and they were
ordered.
Mr. BIGLER. I can hardly imagine that this
proposition of the Senator from Mississippi is to
be seriously entertained. I have failed to discover
one well-founded reason or principle for such a
proposition. If the Senator desires that the
patronage of the General Government shall be
equally distributed amongst the citizens of the
States, I think I can satisfy him in a moment that
his proposition utterly fails.
A clerkship under the National Governmentat
any other point is just as valuable as at Wash-
ington city. What will the Senator do as to the
custom-houses at Philadelphia, New York, and
elsewhere ? They are appointments which belong
to the National Government. There is patronage
which must be distributed, and yet I believe that
patronage is conceded to the States in which the
offices are located. Tins measure is utterly im-
practicable; it is wrong in principle: and I am
astonished that my friend from Mississippi, who
is generally so clear in his views, should submit
a proposition which can only tend to embarrass
the Departments, and restrict that free exercise of
judgment, in reference to their assistants, which
th<_ 3' rdiould exercise without reference to whence
thoy come.
The proposition of my friend from Mississippi
is a peculiar one. What is its practical cflrct?
It is virtually one of depopulation to a State. I
am sure I have no special ambition in that way.
I have felt required, as that honorable Senator
doubtless feels required, to recommend constit-
uents when they come here for office, if they^'o
competent and worthy; but I have had no pleas-
ure in their departure from my State to the Dis-
trict of Columbia. I would lather they should
remain where they are, and pursue their usual
business career.
Mr. President, my observations as to the re-
sults of patronage of this sort have impressed me
very unfavorably. I am prepared to indorse every
word which fell from the Senator from Virginia.
The constituents of the Senator from Mississippi
are fortunate m being withefut the reach of this
patronage. Young men who are accomplished
accountants, and fit for this business, nine times
out of ten succeed far better in any other position
in life than they do here, becoming mere ministe-
rial officers, executing the directions of the law.
Why, sir, I can point to-day to men of energy,
of ability, and accomplishments, who, if you had
thrown them out to the chances of the world,
would have attained far higher positions than
those they now hold. Whilst, like others, I, to
some extent, yield to this doctrine of rotation, I
do not think there is that force in it which the
Senator from Mississippi claims for it.
Mr. PUGH. 1 shall vote for this amendment;
and I should not have sjid a word but for the re-
marks of the Senator from Pennsylvania. If this
were the millennium, or within a short distance of
it, I should think ther^ was great virtue in the
remarks of my honorable friend the Senator from
Virginia, and my honorable friend the Senator
from Pennsylvania: hut in this present wicked
world, with all the vices and imperfections of
human nature, I prefer to look at this matter as
it is in f.vt.
Now, sir, is it corrupting to this Government
to appoition its patronage according to the rep-
resentation of the States? We have done it for
the Army and Navy. It has not corrupted the
Navy or the Army; and I cannot see how it will
