1026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
(Somebody «ke." I have heard that long enough.
These appointments are made by the head of the
bureau m the name of the head of the Depart-
ment, as the letters of the Secretary of State are
in the name of the President; but we all know
Who writes the letters.
Mr. SEWARD. There are many considera-
tions, Mr. President, which incline me to vote for
this proposition. One is this: If the amendment
shalf pass, the State I represent will be entitled to
one eighth of the inferior offices of the Govern-
ment of the United States. I know that people
well; and I can testify that they have men of
ability enough to fill one eighth of the offices of
the Government of the United States of that char-
Mr. TOOMBS, And the willingness, too?
Mr. SEWARD. I accept the amendment of
my point which is offered by my honorable friend
from Georgia, and say also they have the willing-
ness and the courage to assume those trusts.
, Therefore, desiring always to gratify their wishes,
and especially to secure to them a fair participa-
tion in the affairs of Government, I am strongly
inclined to support this proposition. On the other
hand, some weighty considerations make me hes-
itate about this measure in this exact shape, and at
this precise time, and on this particular occasion.
I shall freely suggest my difficulties, in order that
they may be removed if they can be removed, so
that I may come to the support of this proposi-
tion at last.
The first difficulty is this: I think it derogatory
tomyconstituents'State. The gieat State of New
York—a State entitled to fill one eighth of all the
offices of trust in the United States—ought not
to be shammed with only that proportion of the
mere clerkships in the Departments of the Gov-
ernment. The principle of allotment, if it is a
sound one, will entitle the State of New York to
one eighth of the Cabinet and ministerial ap-
pointments of the Government. [Laughter.] I
see a new organization and a new Administra-
tion coming on heie. Tn every cast of a Cabinet
which is proposed, I see that one eighth of the
whole population of the Union, which is repre-
sented by myself, excluded from any voice.
Perhaps this exclusion is accidental or unavoid-
able. Very well; i think that in that case the
deficiency of Cabinet places ought to be made up
on the principles of equity and justice out of the
foreign missions, [laughter;] and yet among all
ihe candidates for such missions whom I see gath-
ering here, guided to this spot by the auspicious
star of the inauguration, I do not see one citizen
from New York whose brow is brightened with
the halo of a future foreign mission. I suggest,
therefore, to my friend from Mississippi, that he
shall carry out his principle, and amend his
amendment so that New York shall not only be
able to take her due eighth part of the inferior
and subordinate places; but also so to secure to
herself the like snare of the great jewels m the
national casket.
Mr. PUGH. I should like to ask the Senator
a. question. Do I understand him to say that he
"has seen no candidates from New York for the
Cabinet or a foreign mission ?
Mr. SEWARD. I said I had seen no candi-
date whose head is glowing with the halo of a
successful application.
Mr. PUGIi. I was going to say, if the Senator
had seen no such candidates, he is different from
anybody else, because we can see hardly any-
thing else.
Mr. SEWARD. It is because I see that the
candidates of my preference are hopeless, that I
desire an amendment of this description, [laugh-
ter,] so as to secure to them their just rights, and
to my beloved State her due share of sovereign
power.
In the second place, this seems to me to be not
so much a legislative as an executive question. I
doubt not that it has been a great fault of the out-
going Administration that it has not equalized its
patronage amongst the different States. Never-
theless,! never thought of it*before; and that is
the reason, I candidly confess, why I never have
complained of it. [Laughter.] I certainlyshoyld
have complained, m behalf of my State, if it had
occurred to me. Since the discovery is now made,
and insomuch as a new Administration is coming
iri under better auspices and with new allies, it
Seems to me that the question might be properly
referred to the incoming President to correct all
errors—this one along with kindred ones—which
have been disclosed. Having great confidence in
the incoming Administration, I desire [laughter]
to know whether there is any special reason for j
doubting that this great defect which we have just j
now discovered will be corrected by that Admin- j
istralion ? I certainly will go for legislative pegsrer
to compel the performance of this duty if a reason !
shall be given to me to suspect that the new Ex- j
ecu tive, which enjoys the confidence of the Ainer- |
i ican people in such an eminent degree, [laughter-] j
will not adopt and carry out that measure without \
compulsion exerciscd by the legislative power. !
But if there is reason to expect that the Executive
will not do it voluntarily, then I shall desire to
wait no longer than to see that the President has
failed in the performance of his proper duty.
Now, Mr. President, I will ask another ques-
tion. it has gone into a precept, established long
ago by a great and generally triumphant party
in this country, to which I do not belong, that it
is necessary for the Executive to maW his ap-
pointments from those who approve and adopt
his policy; because otherwise the Executive could
not be expected to execute the laws firmly, and
carry out the Government successfully. If this4
be so, then a new difficulty arises. There are
some States which are so fortunate as to concur
with the presidential or executive policy in all
things, and by the voices of a large majority of
their citizens. Those States can furnish an un-
due proportion of candidates for offices, who will
be able and willing conscientiously to support
and carry out the views of the Executive; while
other States, being so unfortunately prejudiced j
as to differ from the Executive for the time being, i
as to the policy which ought to prevail in the ad- j
ministration of the Government, will not be able j
to furnish a proportionate quota of advocates of
his policy. I desire to know whether the State
of New York, which gives to the incoming Ad-
ministration only one vote out of every three or
four of her citizens, is to have an equal place with
the State of Virginia, or the State of Alabama,
which gives to the Administration three or four
votes against one? I desire to know whether, if
we adopt that principle, we shall not violate that
other essential principle which was established
as long ago as the time of General Jackson, that
it was not only the right, but the duty of the
President of the United States to bestow his pat-
ronage so as to reward his friends and to punish
his enemies ?
Mr. TOOMBS. "To the victors belong the
spoils,}5 is a New York idea.
Mr. SEWARD. If these difficulties shall be
removed, I have one more. I have some old-
i fashioned notions, very much of the character of
those which were suggested by the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] that the more the exec-
utive patronage of the United States Government J
enriches a State, the worse it is for that State, as
weli as for the individuals whom the patronage :
reaches. I confess to you, sir, that from the time :
I have been acquainted with the Federal Govern- :
ment to this hour, 110 person has ever applied to 1
me for an office, from that of a messenger or a ;
sweeper of the Capitol up to the head of a bureau,
whom I have not discouraged; and always, where ■
I could, f have endeavored to convince him that ]
he was a more independent man and a more inde- •
pendent citizen earning one dollar a day by his ;
head or his hands, than he would be if he were ]
here earning five dollars a day, and expending, ]
as he must necessarily do, six dollars a day out •
of that five dollars, [laughter,] for supporting him- :
self and family. This "is a very serious difficulty. |
I think the State of NcwYoik is now quite inde-
pendent of Federal influence and of Federal pat- !
ronage. I trust she will remain so, provided she '
does not secure that lion's share of the patronage
of the Government which she can justly claim if
this provision shall pass. If that shall be the ■
case, I do not know which way it will operate; '
whether the opinions which now prevail here will, !
through the exercise of that patronage, subsidize 1
| New York, or whether the independent opinion !
j of the State of New York will prevail atfB control
| the administration of the Government. ^
I throw out these suggestions, as the subject is !
entirely new; while my mind, as you see, sir, is j
not yet determined upon any conclusion, but ;
willing to be carried either way, according as the
weight of this great argument shall require.
[Laughter.]
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, a few moments
ago I entertained very serious apprehensions lest
we were to be disturbed by some family jars in
the great Democratic household. Since, however,
the Senator from New York has addressed the
Senate, it seems as though good temper again
prevailed, and I hope therefore we shall have a
vote.
Mr. WILSON. I thought, Mr. President,
when this proposition was introduced by the
Senator from Mississippi, that it was a joke; but
it seems to me that the Senators have taken it as a
serious joke. At any rate, if we adopt it, the citi-
zens of Maryland, Virginia, and the District of
Columbia, will regard it as anything but a joke.
[Laughter.] I cannot vote for this proposition as
it now stands. In the first place it will be very
difficult to carry it out. How are we to carry it
out in the State represented by my friend before
me [Mr. Collamer] from the State of Vermont?
Mr. RUSK. Are there no Democrats there?
Mr. WILSON. Hardly enough for their share
of the offices. [Laughter.] There are forty towna
in that State that have not a Democratic vote.
Then, we Black Republicans intend to come in,
in 1860, if we can, (the Senator from Mississippi
says we cannot get any votes from his State,)
and what are we to do in regard to the offices?
Mr. BROWN. Appoint honest Democrats, as
you ought to do.
Mr. WILSON. We ought to appoint honest
Democrats, says the Senator from Mississippi.
Perhaps we should not consider that they " be-
longed to a healthy organization." Besides, Sen-
ators hatfe often told us that southern men would
not take office under a Republican administration.
I am willing to vote for this proposition if the Sen-
ator from Mississippi will amend it by striking
out all after the word " representatives," so that
it will stand that the heads of Departments and
bureaus be directed to make the appointments
from all the States as nearly equal as may be; but
if we carry out the amendment'fully, I think it
will be rather impracticable; it would be unjust. *
Take the District of Columbia. Persons must
live here at the capital; there area great many
sons of poor widows and others who get appoint-
ments in the public offices. According to this
proposition the District of Columbia is to stand
for one representative district. I do not think
that right or just.
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Iverson] says
that we are importuned here. Now, sir, I have
never been importuned much m this way. [Laugh-
ter.] I believe I was impoi tuned a little on one
occasion. I came here a few days before the
Pennsylvania election in October last. It was
thought at that time that the Black Republicans
were sure to come in. I was here, I believe, less
than forty-eight hours, and during that time I saw
some dozen or fifteen clerks in the Departments,
who were right glad to see me—they sympathized
with the Republicans very much—in their hearts
they sympathized much m our sentiments—but
had to keep pretty quiet. They thought Colonel
Fremont was to be elected, and they hoped I
would use my influence to keep them in their
places. [Laughter.] These kind friends of mine
of last October have not called on me during the
session for my influence with the incoming Ad-
ministration. I dare say some of these sympa-
thizing young gentlemen may have called on the
Senator from Georgia.
i know that there is complaint all over the
country, and has been, that in the clerkships
here in Washington the States of Virginia and
Maryland, lying close around the capital, have
had the lion's share of appointments. There is
no doubt it has been so, and it has been carried
to an extent that ought to be remedied. They
are close by; they have had, and I suppose they
will continue to have, more than their share, be-
cause of their locality, if for no other reason. I
take it that this proposition comes into the Sen-
ate of the United States as a sort of protest on
the part of the country against the continuance
of this policy; andl hope the incoming Adminis-
tration will endeavor to correct it, and that all
future Administrations will endeavor to do so.
It seems to me, after all, if we adopt the propo-
sition as it has been introduced by the Senator
from Mississippi, broad, sweeping, command-
