1857.
aft
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1027
ing, as it is, it wilHPo injustice to this District,
and it will be somewhat impracticable. I hope
the Senator will consent to amend it.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator from Massa-
chusetts will listen to me for a moment, I will
show him that he is altogether mistaken in the
character of the proposition. Reduced to a few
words, it means simply that the clerkships shall
be apportioned among the States, but it does not
propose to turn out anybody who is in office now.
If.a vacancy shall occur by death, resignation, or
dismissal, in the number to which Virginia, or
Maryland, or the District of Columbia is entitled,
* each of which has now largely over its quota, that
appointment shall be filled from some State or
Territory which has not its quota under the ap-
portionment, if there shall be a qualified appli-
cant from that State or Territory. That is all
there is in the proposition. I am making no sweep
at the clerks; I propose nothing to turn anybody
out of office. If something of this sort be not
done, the same state of things will exist through
all time, that exists now. The remote States and
distant Territories will have none of this patron-
age at all. I have not even required that the ap-
pointments shall be made from a State or a Ter-
ritory which has not its quota; but if there be a
qualified applicant from a State or Territory which
has not its quota, then appointments shall be made
from that State or Territory, and not given back
to Virginia, because the vacancy happened to oc-
cur in Virginia. That is all there is of the prop-
osition. Senators wholly mistake the drift of this
amendment. They have discussed it before un-
derstanding it. It does not displace a solitary
man now in office, but simply proposes to fill va-
cancies when they occur, from other quarters,
either by death, resignation, or removal. It does
not require anybody to be removed.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. The Senator
from Mississippi, who has presented this propo-
sition, I suppose, assimilates the apportionment
he proposes to'that which we now have for cadets
at the West Point Military Academy and the An-
napolis naval school. It is abstractly right; and
I agree very much with that Senator upon many
of the views which he has presented. This city
of Washington is an artificial city; there are more
people here than ought to be here. They have no
commerce. They have no country about the city
to sustain it. It is called the Federal city, and is
laid out on a grand scale, and people congregate
here every, year. Every ward in the city has
meetings calling on Congress for various things.
. As my friend from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] said
on a former occasion, they come here for wine
and oil; you give them wood; you give them
water. You have sermons preached for their ben-
efit. You do everything in the world for them.
For myself, I do not much care who gets the
offices here. I think that man who comes here
to take an office is in the condition of a conscript
■ in the Napoleon army. He is recruited out from
the country; and when he comes here paying the
price he does for wood and beef, he has to starve
his family all his life, and he had better go away
from here.
For many years, when I was a member of the
other House of Congress, I voted for all the ap-
propriations asked for by this city, in order to
encourage it, and make it a capital worthy of the
nation. But I see that the result is to give a bonus
to property-holders. By making avenues and
streets, and grading and paving them and light-
ing them, we increase the value of property, and
we encourage them to charge exorbitant prices
for rent and other things. I will not compare
them to a Mississippi or Louisiana planter, hold-
ing the negro in subjection by fear of the lash oil
his back, but to an eagle's talons, holding us by
the stomach. [Laughter.] The result of our ap-
propriations here is to improve property and to
build up men who have the inside track, and hold
down by the force of their power those poor de-
luded people who come here starving out every
winter, living by charity and donations.
I do not want a Kentuckian to come here and
take office. I do not want one to debase himself
so much. Let him go to Oregon or California;
let him go anywhere; let him do anything but
that. He has no business here. Whether you
equalise these offices or not, I wantntf Kentuckian
to have them. The amendment of the Senator
from Mississippi is abstractly right, and I shall
vo^,^r b®cause, if you are going to have men
to nil these.oifices as a forlorn hope—recruits, des-
perate men—and we have any in Kentucky who
are willing to stand the siege, the starvation, and
the degradation of the position, let them come.
I am willing to vote for this amendment; but I
do it upon the distinct idea, that I do not think
anybody else ought to come here to live. The
place is now overrun. It has no commerce. It
has no business. It is an artificial point, built
up for the employes of the Government. If the
New England folks had the falls of the Potomac,
they might make a sort of Lowell there-, but Vir-
ginia will never do that. [Laughter.] If you
want a forlorn hope to lead the storming of the
castle—if you want a set of men to be devoted to
death, as Leonidas with the three hundred at
Thermopylae, I am willing to let in any Ken-
tuckian who chooses; and therefore I shall vote
for this amendment.
Mr. BIGLER. I do not desire to prolong this
debate. I rise simply to call the attention of the
Senatonfrom Mississippi, the author of this prop-
osition, to a difficulty which I think he will
recognize as forcible. The Presiden t of the United
States, under the Constitution, is invested with
the appointing power; I think this whole patron-
age is, under the Constitution, in the hands of
-the executive department.
Mr. BROWN. By an express law the heads
of Departments are authorized to appoint these
inferior officers.
Mr. BIGrJUER. Is the Senator's amendment
confined distinctly to appointments in the Depart-
ments?
Mr. BROWN; Yes, sir.
Mr. BIGLER. I was under the impression
that it covered a portion of the appointments be-
longing to the Executive.
Mr. BROWN. Not at all. I see how the
Senator was led into that error. I spoke about
the heads of bureaus and of Departments as being
distributed among the sections of the Union by
common consent; but there js a monopoly for
two or three States established in these offices.
Mr. BIGLER. I had an impression that it
was an attempt to interfere with the patronage of
the executive department, which is in the control
of the President under the Constitution.
Mr. BROWN. Not at all.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to say that my
friend from Maryland [Mr. Pratt] has been
called home by the sickness of his family.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bright, Blown, Douglas, Fitch, Green,
Gwin, Houston, Iverson, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mallory^
Pu<?h, lleid, Husk, Thompson of Kentucky, Trumbuflt
Wade, Weller, and Yulee—19.
NAYS — Mo?sis. Adams, Bell of New Hampshire, Ben-
jamin, Bi^g-s, Bigler, Biorlhead, Butler, Cas?, Clay, Colla^,
mer, Dodge, Evans, Fis>h, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Foster, Har-
lan, Hunter, Mason, Noursc, Seward, Slidell, Stuart,
Toombs, Toucey, Wilson, arid Wright—27.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is now on the amendment proposed by the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish to offer an amendment
to the amendment. It is a proposition which will
give rise to no debate, I presume. If it does*, I
shall not insist on it at this late Jiour. It is the
proposition which I have so long wanted to get
a vote upon in relation to the Departments. It is
a proper amendment, and I will offer it here.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator had better move
it as an independent amendment.
Mr. ADAMS. This is the only way I could
come at it. My amendment is:
That as soon as may be practicable after the passage of
this act, it shall he the duty of the First Auditor to receive
all accounts accruing m the Treasury Department, of what-
soever nature or description, and aftei examination, to cer-
tify the balance, and transmit the accounts, with the vouch-
ers and certificate, to the First Comptroller for his decision
thereon ; that it shall be the duty oi the Second Auditor to
receive all accounts, of whatsoever nature and description
accruing in the Department of the Interior, (except the
accounts of the General Land Office and Pateut Office,
which shall be settled as at present,) and after examination,
to certift^he balance, and transmit the accounts, with the
vouchetwnd certificate, to the Second Comptroller for his
decision theieoiij that it shall be the duty of the Third
Auditor to receive all accounts, of whatsoever nature and
description;'accruing in the Department of War, and after
examination, to certify the balance, and transmit the ac
counts, with the vouchers and certificate, to the Second
Comptroller for his decision thereon; thatitaliall be the
duty of the Fourth Auditor to ,receive all ,accounts, of what-
soever nature or description, accruing in the .Department-of
the Navy, and after examination, to certify the balance, and
transmit the accounts, with the vouchers and certificate, to
the Second Comptroller for his decision thereon 5 and it
.ehallbe the duty of the Fifth Auditor to receive all accounts,
of whatsoever nature and description, accruing in the De-
partment of State, and after examination, to certify the bal-
ance, and transmit the accounts, with the vouchers and
certificate, to the First Comptrollerfor his decision thereon;
and the Auditor of the Post Office Department shall here-
after be called the Sixth Auditor, whose duty ft shall be to
receive and adjust all accounts as is at present provided by
law; and the Secretary of the Treasury shall direct the
transfer of all books and accounts relating to the business,
and such clerks employed thereon, as will give the proper
force and effect to this act.
And be it further enacted, That the Assistant Secretary
of the Treasury shall be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, and that this act
shall take effect and be in force from and after the 4th of
March next, £ud that all laws inconsistent with this act be,
and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. IVERSON. I move that the Senate ad-
journ. There are not five Senators listening to
what is going on. ^ This is Saturday night, at teji
o 'clock, and there is no chance of getting* through
the bill to-night.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. In regard to the amendment
of the Senator frqm Mississippi, as a separate
proposition I might go for it; but I am afraid to
embarrass this bill with so much legislation. I
shall not go for it myself on that account.
Mr. GREEN. The latter part of the amend-
ment says, " this act shall take effect." Those
words ought to be, " this provishfh." Certain
parts of the act may take effect at once.
Mr. ADAMS. I will modify it by striking oiu
the word " act," and inserting " provision."
The amendment to the amendment was rejected;
there being, on a division—ayes ten, noes not
counted.
The amendment of the Committee on Finance
was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to insert the following as a new sec-
tion ;
Jind beit further enacted, That the treasurer of the branch
Mint at San Fiancisco, California, be, and he hereby is,
authorized to employ two clerks in his office,atan annual
salary of $2,000 each, and such 3um as may be necessary
to carry into effcct the provisions of this section to the30ih
of June, 1858,hereby appropriated, out of any money ia
the 'Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. ADAMS, I will offer as an amendment
to the amendment the last section of my amend-
ment which has just been voted down, in a some-
what different form:
And that the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury shall
be appointed by the President, by and with the adyice and
consent of the Senate.
I wish to call attention to the fact that every
officer of like grade is appointed in that way,
with the single exception of the Assistant Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
Several Senators. That is enough.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; there being, on a division—ayes thirty-one,
noes not counted.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to amend the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance by adding:
And that so much of the third section of the act of the
3d of July, 1852, entitled " An act to establish a branch of
the Mint of the United States in California," as vests the
appointment of the clerks to the treasurer of said branch
Mint in the superintendent, be, and the same is hereby,re-
pealed ; and the said treasurer be, and is hereby, authorized
to appoint his own cleiks, subject to the approval of the
Secretary of the Treaty, as provided by the joint resolu-
tion of the 3d of March, 1851, in the case of other treasurers
of United States Mints.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment as amended was adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. I have an amendment to carry-
out an estimate from our Secretary's office, for a
messenger authorized to be appointed last month.
The amendment is in line thirty-three, to strike
out "fifteen," and in lieu thereof insert " six-
teen;" and in lines forty-five and forty-six, to
strike out " $78,474," and insert " $79,674," so
as to increase the appropriation for salaries of
our officers so as to provide for sixteen messen-
gers instead of fifteen, one at $1,200 having re-
cently been ordered by a resolution of this body.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I have but one more amend-
ment. It is to add to the appropriations for the
Post Office Department, by inserting after line 64«:
For compensation of clerks employed temporarily in the
