1028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
office of the Postmaster General prior to the 31st of Decem-
ber, 1850, $1,684 71, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to move an amend-
ment m page 24, immediately after line five hun-
dred and sixty-nine, making appropriations for
the War Department, by inserting:
That in addition tn the number of clerks m the office of
the Quartermaster General, as authorized by the existing
laws, there shall be appointed in that olhee four clerks of
class one, as established by the act of the 3d of March,
1833. '
Mr. COLLAMER. I suggest to the gentleman
to say " may " instead of " shall."
Mr. WELLER. It has been asked for several
years by the Quartermaster General and the
Secretary of War. I have no objection to the
modification.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. I move, on page 21, line four
hundred and ninety-seven, to strike out the word
" seven" and insert the word " eight," and after
the word " dollars," insert " and that the salary
of the surveyor general of Utah shall be $4,000
a year, from the 1st day of January, 1856;" so
that the clause will read;
For compensation of tiie surveyor s^cnem! of Utah, and
the clerks in his office, $-8,000 ; and that the salaiy of the
surveyor general of Utah shall be $4,000 a year, from the
1st day ol January, 1&">6.
Mr. HUNTER. "What is the salary now ?
Mr. FOOT. Three thousand dollars. This
amendment is to raise it to $4,000. The expenses
of living at Utah are such that the present salary-
is entirely inadequate. The present surveyor gen-
eral of that Territory is well known to several
members of this body. He was for a long; time
employed as draughtsman in the room of the
Committee on Public Lands—a highly intelligent,
respectablo, worthy, and accomplished gentleman.
My honorable friend from iowa [Mr. Jones] is
■well acquainted with the present occupant of tins
office.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I offer the following amendment,
as an additional section:
Sec. —. Jhul he it further cnactcd. That two clerks m the
Post Office Department, of class number three, be tians-
ferrcd to class number four, and that s>uch tiansier shall take
effect from the passage of tins act; and the bum necessary
for the pavment of the difference of salaries consequent
upon budi" transfer is hereby appiopuateil, out of any money
in the Treasury not othenvise appropriated-
I will explain to the Senator from Virginia, who
docs not seem to understand this amendment, that
it is recommended by the Postmaster General,
and also by the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. There are two clerks in the Post
Office Department at a salary of $1,600, to whom
very important duties are committed, which are
increasing every day. it requires high talent to
perform the duties. One has charge of the in-
quiries as to depredations committed on the mails,
and the other the foreign mail service. 1 have a
recommendation from the Postmaster General for
this change.
Mr. HUNTER. You need not read it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. 1 have a little amendment to
propose at the end of line fifty-five, page 3. The
line reads, " for Congressional Globe and bind-
ing the same, |44,9G4 80." 1 propose to add:
Tiie publisher to fold, bind, and deliver the same to the
Pecrefasv of the Senate wuhm mnetv days after the ad-
journment of each session of Congie&b, for sixty-three
cenU per volume.
1 only wish to say a word in explanation of
this amendment. According to the present law,
the,binding is let to the lowest bidder. Some
gentlemen, whom I do not mean to disparage at
all, came in and took th^ binding for the last ses-
sion of Congress at, I think, forty cents a vol-
ume, much less than any man can possibly afford
to do it at. The result has been that this session
is now closing and the volumes of last session
have not been delivered. It is now nearly six
months since last session closcd, and 1 have re-
ceived, I think, but three copies. The outgoing
Senators, one third of the whole body, will lose
their books. The binding is wretchedly done,
as it must be, at that price. The publisher of the
Globe authorizes me to say that he can do it at
sixty-three cents without profit. 1 know the fact,
and speak intelligently wheu I say that if the
Senators will examine closely the copies of this
work sent to them, they will find that they have
not more than one perfect copy in three. Whole
sheets are left out; others are transposed and put
in the wrong places, so that an index means
nothing. You have not, I assure you, if you ex- |
amine your copies, one perfect copy outol three, i
Who is to blame for it?, !
Mr. FISH, is the Senator speaking of the
Globe of last session ?
Mr. BROWN. I do not know anything about
the last session; but it has been so ever since this j
system of binding has been kept up. During one j
Congress we got the books m proper time and j
in the proper condition, and that was when the
printing and binding, and everything in regard to
it, was in the hands of the same man. He was
responsible for it. - If you got an imperfect copy,
all you had to do was to go to Mr. Rives and
say: "This copy is not perfect, and I will not
have it,'' and he took it back; but if yot^ake one
back now, he says: " I am not to blame for it;
the binder lost the sheets after lie took them out of
the office, or the binder transposed the sheets and
put them in the wrong placc." The binder says:
" It was fixed up that way in the printing office.
In the squabble you get a book that is of no ac-
count. What I want to do is, to pay the pub-
lisher what he says he can do the work at with-
out making a profit. Turn over to the next page
of this bill, and you will see that the House of
Representatives is paying seventy cents a volume
for binding this work. Mr. Rives says: " 1 will
do it for sixty-three cents—seven cents less than
the House is gutting it done for—because I take
pride in the book; I print it, and I will bind it
' without making one solitary cent of profit." I
want the Senate to allow him to bind our books,
so that we can get them in proper time and proper
condition—that is all.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Who does the binding
of the Globe?
Mr. JjROWJV 1 do not recollect. The Sec-
retary of the Senate lets it out by contract. I
think the present contractor gets forty ccnt s_d
volume, which is less than he can do it for. He
is losing money, and says no under his own sig-
nature. J have seen it, and I know the work is
wretchedly done.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I deem it proper to
say, that all matters of binding heretofore have
been put under the supervision of the Committee
on Printing, and the Superintendent of Printing
awarded the contracts; but the binding of the
Globe, if I am not mistaken, is awarded by the
Secretary of the Senate to another person. Hence
I know nothing of it, and I merely rise for the
purpose of saying, that this work has not been
<j bound by the regular binder employed under the
i authority of the Committee on Printing,
j Mr. BROWN. T know what I am talking
; about. I corresponded with the Secretary about
( it, and know that the Secretary let it out to the
; lowest bidder, as required by law. The Secre-
i tary was perfectly right; but the man has taken
j the work below what he can do it for, and he gives
us a badly-bound book. I want a good one.
I The amendment was agreed to.
! . Mr. TOOMBS. I have an amendment; in line
! seven hundred and eighty-seven, to strike out
! $4,500" and insert " §6,000, "so that the clause
j will lead; " for salary of the circuit judge of Cal-
j iforma $0,000. The Senate will recollect that
j this proposition has passed this body repeatedly.
, When the circuit judgeship of California was es-
j tablished, the salary was fixed at $4,500, so as to
I conform to that of the associate justices of the
j Supreme Court. That has now been carried up
! to $6,000. The district judge of northern Cah-
\ forma now receives $5,000, and the circuit juds:e
only $4,500. The Judiciary Committee has acted
on the subject so often, that I presume it does
not need one word of explanation.
Mr. WELLER, Ipropose to amend the amend-
ment by adding:
And that the salary of the judge of the southern district
of California shall hereatter be .§4,500 per anr^gp.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is not an amendment to
my amendment. It is not an amendjnent to the
same clause as mine.
Mr. WELLER. I propose it to come in after
the word" dollars," in line seven hundred and
eighty-eight, as part of tl
amendment is to insert:
February 26,
\me section. My
And that the salary of the judge of the southern district
of California shall hereafter be $4,500 per annum.
That is $500 less than is now paid under the
law to the judge of the northern district.
Mr. TOOMBS. Does the Senator from Cali-
fornia offer that as an amendment to my amend-
ment?
Mr. WELLER. Yes, sir; to come in after the
word " dollars," in lme seven hundred and eigh-
ty-eight.
Mr. TOOMBS. The amendment which I offer
has been proposed and passed on repeatedly by'
the Committee on the Judiciary. I object to the
amendment of the Senator from California. It is
not germane, and I do not think it is offered on the
recommendation of any committee. It certainly
does not come from the Judiciary Committee.
There is nothing on that subject in this line at all;
and I am opposed to it.
Mr. WELLER. If my amendment be agreed'
to, and the amendment of the Senator from Geor-
gia be adopted, the clause will read:
For salary of the circuit judge of California, $6,000; anji
that the salary of the judge of the southern district of Call*
forma shall hereafter be $4,500 per annum.
Mr. TOOMBS. I appeal to the Chair that that
is not an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair regards it as a separate
and independent proposition. The first question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Georgia.
Mr. GWIN. Cannot the amendment of my
colleague come in afterwards?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be offered
after the action of the Senate has been had on the
amendment of the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator will withdraw
his proposition until the amendment of my col-
league is offered. I shall go for both. Otherwise
I shall go againstincreasing one without the other.
They both passed the Judiciary Committee, as I
am informed, and passed the Senate heretofore,
and if the two go together I have no objection: but
if they do not, if the salary of one judge is to be
raised, and the other left down, I shall have to
object to it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I accept the Senator's oppo-
sition rather than the amendment. I can show
that this is unquestionably right, and I accept his
opposition.
Mr. WELLER. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary last year reported an amendment in fat or of
paying the judge of the southern district ^4,000.
I moved to amend that by inserting £,4,500. That
was voted down. It was passed through the
Senate fixing $4,000 as the salary of the judge of
the southern district, on the recommendation of
the Judiciary Committee, but was ultimately lost
on a committee of conference between the two
Houses. It is true, the Judiciary Committee have
never recommended §4,500; but at the last session
they did recommend §4,000 as the salary of the
judge of the southern district.
Mr. TOOMBS. When it comes up, let it take
its chance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. GWIN. This office of circuit judge was
created two years ago. It is an anomaly in our
judiciary system. He is the only circuit judge
in the United States who does not sit on the Su-
preme Court bench. It is highly probable that
j we shall have to increase his salary, and I am
certainly in favor of doing so; but inasmuch as
j the judiciary may soon be reorgam/.ed—and cer-
I tainly an attempt will be made to do so at the
j next session of Congress, in regard to this circuit
j judge, by placing him in the Supreme Court of
I the United States—I should prefer that this prop-
i osition should-go over, in order to have the legis-
lation complete in regard to the judges. Two
years ago the salary was fixed at this amount.
I was in favor of raising it. I have been trying
for years to have the salaries of the other judges
in California raised. The proposition to raise
one from §3,500 to $5,000 succeeded; the propo-
sition to raise the other from £2,800 to $4,000
failed. Now, if we cannot get the legislation in
regard to these judges equalized, I would rather
it should go over until the next session of Con-
gress, especially as we shall be likely to change
