1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1029
the system that pres|g|fi there, so far as the cir-
cuit court is concern®? If I can accomplish it,
I desire to make him a judge o£ the Supreme
Court, and have equalized salaries.
Mr. TOOMBS. This amendment does pre-
cisely what the Senator wants to do. If this
judge were put on the Supreme Court bench to-
morrow, his salary would be just what I propose.
That is the answer.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator will make a mo-
tion to put him in the Supreme Cotfrt, I shall not
object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Geor-
gia.
• The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I now move an amendment,
to come in after the word " dollars," in line seven
hundred and eighty-eight:
And the salary of the judge of the southern district of
California shall hereafter be $4,500 per annum.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to offer the following
amendment as a new section to the bill:
And be it further enacted, That all the provisions of the
eighth section of the act entitled " An act to regulate the
diplomatic and consular systems of the United States,"
approved August 18, 1856, shall be construed equally to
extend to the persons m said eighth section mentioned who
shall have been appointed subsequent to the act entitled
" An act to remodel the diplomatic and consular systems
of the United States," approved March 1, 1855.
The only effect of the amendment is this: by
the act of 1856 it was provided that the pay of our
foreign ministers should commence not exceeding
thirty days before they left the country, giving
time for them to receive the instructions of the
Department of State; but the provision was con-
fined to all who were appointed under the act of
1856. There are some two or throe only who
were appointed under.the act of 1855, who were
delayed here and put to expense in coming from
their places of residence to Washington to receive
instructions, who do not get the benefit of this
provision, as they were appointed before the act
of 1856. The Committee on Foreign Relations
thought it but equitable to extend the same pro-
vision to them.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the same
committee to "offer a further amendment:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and lie is hereby, authorized to pay out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to Fred-
erick A. Beolen, secretary of the United States legation at
Santiago, Chih, the sum of $750, that being the difference
between the salary received by him from thefiist day of j
July, 1855, to the fiiat day of January, 1857, and the amount |
of salary to winch he would have been entitled at the tate ;
of compensation existing when he was first appointed to •
that otliec.
Mr. HUNTER. Is not that a private claim?
Mr. MASON. I do not think it can be con-
sidered a private claim, because it is onlyintendcd
to equalize salaries. This is the only secretary
of legation, and I think the only officer abroad,
whose salary was diminished by the diplomatic
act. It was reduced from §2,000 to $1,500. He
got, and could get, no notice of it until some six
mont«hs.'aftertheactwas passed. He came home,
and the result has been that it took two thirds
of one year's salary to pay his expenses in going
there and coming back. It is intended to equal-
ize the salaries. *
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I offer the following amend-
ment from the Committee on Foreign Relations:
And he it further enacted, That the consent of Congress is
hereby given that Thomas II. Seymour, Envoy Extraordi-
nary and Minister Plenipotentiary of the United States to the
Government of Russia, pursuant to the request of that Gov-
ernment, may accept tliercfrojn such mementoes or'the so-
lemnities attending the coronation of the ptesent Emperor
as it may be the pleasure of the Etnperoi topiesent to him,
such as is shown in the correspondence transmitted by the
American Envoy to the Pepaitment of State.
Mr. HUNTER. All these matters belong to
the miscellaneous bill—not here.
Mr. MASON. This is a matter affecting the
diplomatic intercourse. I have here the corre-
spondence, which it is unnecessary to read, but ;
"which seems to me to place this request on a pe- 1
culiar footing. Mr. Seymour has represented to
the Department of State that the Emperor of Rus-
sia, through his Minister there, requested that he
should be allowed to present him a memento 
Mr. HUNTER. Will my colleague allow me
to suggest that this is the executive, legislative,
and judicial appropriation bill. This bill is no
place for such an amendment. It should be
offered somewhere else.
Mr. MASON. Is not this an executive pro-
vision just as much as the amendment my col-
league offered to institute a new mission ?
Mr. HUNTER. Perhaps that -was out of
order. I know it led to a great deal of unnecessary
debate. If I had known beforehand that it would
do so, I should have thought longer of it.
Mr. MASON. I think it is germane, because
we have put into this bill many matters relative
to thediplomatic intercourse;*&nd I suggest to my
colleague that these interruptions only tend to
consume the very valuable time of the Senate.
The Emperor of Russia has requested of our Gov-
ernment that he may be enabled to give our Min-
ister some memento of his presence at the solem-
nity of his coronation. We look on that as a
very trifling matter, but in Europe it is considered
a very great matter. The whole memento, we
are informed, is a vase made of malaltite, which,
I believe, is a species of Russian marble. This
is a matter of national courtesy—nothing else.
Mr. GREEN". It is not from the value of this
present, but from the principle involved in it,
that I desire to see the amendment rejected. I
know of certain other representatives of this
Government who have had tendered to them
presents of considerable value that they dared
not accept. The principle of the Constitution
that prohibits them from accepting I think a very
good one. I have not a word of impeachment
to utter against our honorable representative at
the court of St. Petersburgh; but I do not think it
safe to depart from the constitutional provision,
that no representative of our Government shall
receive a present without the consent of Con-
gress, and I am not willing to give that consent.
However slight may bo the present, it is wrong
to depart from the general rule.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move to amend the clause
next after the amendment in regard to the Cali-
fornia judges, by adding these words:
And tltat the salaiy of the judge of the northern district
of Illinois shall hereafter be f>3,500.
I will state the reason why I offer this amend-
ment. This judge lives in the city of Chicago,
and has to hold courts all the year round. It is
more expensive to live there than in any part of
California. I hold before me the statement of his
business during the last year. His court was
actually in session two hundred and thirty-seven
days. No man can live in that city on a salary
of $2,500 and pay his rent. At Chicago a man
cannot live on that salary respectably; and I move
therefore to put it at $3,500. That is the lowest
sum on which he can live.
Tne amendment was agreed to.
• Mr. .TONES, of Iowa. I offer the following
amendment:
Jind he it further enactci, That the difference between
the salary received by the late seeretaty of legation of the
United States at Mudrid while actmi: as chaise d'affaires
ill the years 1802, 1853,1854. and 18.V>, and the salary to
which lie would have been entitled as chars*^ d'affaires for
the same penod. $2,706 13, be paid to Inm ; and for the
amount of an outfit of a charge d'affaires, the further sum
of $4,500.
Mr. HUNTER. This amendment belongs, if
anywhere, to the miscellaneous bill, and it is a
private claim.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I offer this amendment
by the authority of the Committee on Foreign
Relations to carry out the provisions of Senate ,
bill No. 340, which passed the Senate long ago. i
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Foreign [
Relations cannot transfer their power to offer
amendments to persons who do not belong to the
committee.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The rules of the Senate
authorize me or any other Senator to offer Lhe
amendment by direction of the committee.
Mr. WELLER. It must be done by a stand-
ing committee.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I suppose you are
aware, Mr. President, that I have that authority
under the rules.
Mr. HUNTER. I raise the question.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The 30th rale pro-.:
vides " that no amendment, ptoposing additional
appropriations,"shall be received to any general
appropriation bill unless it be made to carry out
the provisions of some existing law, or some act
or resolution previously passed by the Senate*
during that session, or moved by direction of a
standing or select committee of the Senate." Tho
Committee on Foreign Relations have directed
me to offer it.
Mr. PUGH. I raise the point of order whether
it is not a private claim.
Mr. MASON. I was not in the Chamber at the
time the Senator offered the amendment. What
did I understand him to say about the Committee
on Foreign Relations ?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. That they authorized
me to offer the amendment. Is not that right ?
' Mr. MASON. I am not aware of it.
Mr. JONES, Of Iowa. You did it only five
minutes ago.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The point of order being raised, the Chair will
submit the question to tne Senate whether the
amendment can be received.
Mr. MASON. Whjit I said to the Senator
from Iowa, as I recollect, was that the bill to pay
Mr. Perry had been reported by the Committee
on Foreign Relations at the last session, and had
passed the Senate, and I thought it was very
proper and right that this allowance should be
made to him; but if the Senator supposed I del-
egated any power, he misunderstood me. I cer-
tainly cannot delegate any power to offer an
amendment. The Senator has entire authority
to offer it of course, if he pleases.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I propose a compromise,
that as the Committee on Foreign Relations ap-
prove this claim, the chairman offer the amend-
ment.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I requested the chair-
man to do it, and he told me to do it.
Mr. MASON. There is no reason in the world
why the Senator should not offer it. He has a
right to offer it, and if I offered it, it would only
be as a Senator. It has not been before the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations this session.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I mentioned it to the
chairman and four other members of the com-
mittee, and they gave me permission to offer it as
I understood. They said they were all willing it
should be offered.
Mr. MASON. Certainly. I gave my entire
consent.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I.offer it on my own
account. It does not make any difference how it
is offered, so that the man gets his money.
Mr. MASON. I hope it will pass.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
submit the question to the Senate, whether the
amendment can be received under the rule.
The amendment was received.
Mr. MASON. I hope I shall be allowed to
say that this case was before the Committee on
Foreign Relations at the last session; it was ap-
proved by them unanimously, as far as I recol-
lect, and it passed the Senate, but failed in the
House of Representatives, it is a very just and
a very proper claim.
Mr. PUGH. I hope this amendment will not
be adopted. It will be a precedent for a dozen
more. We have passed at this Congress a dozen
bills for extra pay to seeretaues of legation and
others; and are we to commence on the last two
or three nights of the session to ride down the
appropriation bill with these cases? I hope the
Senate will consider that, if we put on this claim,
we must put on every other claim. Let us stop
this practice of riding appropriation bills with
private claims.
Mr. HUNTER. We ought not to put on
amendments that cannot possibly pass the House
of Representatives. There are a great many ap-
propriation bills to be settled by committees of
conference. It was never intended to put such
amendments as these on this bill.^ The miscella-
neous bill is the one to which to offer such amend-
ments, if they are to go on appropriation bills at
all. ,. . .
The question being put, there were, on a division
—ayes sixteen. •*-
Mr. PUGH. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment. If gentlemen vote this amend-
1 ment on the bill, let them vote for others.
I Mr. TOOMES. 1 hope the yeas and nays will
! -not be called for. There were only sixteen voting
i in the affirmative.
