1032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
southern district judge $4,500. Last year the
Judiciary Committee reported in favor of allow-
ing $4,000. I propose to make it $500 less than
the judg-e at the northern district has received.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is the recommendation of
nobody but the Senator from California. I ask
for the yeas and nays upon concurring in the
amendment.
Mr. NOURSE. I wish it to be noted that this
is the most extraordinary increase from $2,800
up to $4,500.
Mr. WELLER. The necessity for it is that
this officer has been starved for the last four
years at $2,800.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is not, probably, a
position in the United States where the expenses
of a judge are heavier than they are now in the
capital of my State; and yet we have never been
able to get the salary of that judge beyond $3,500.
Why the judge of the southern district of Cali-
fornia should receive a thousand dollars more
than the district judge at New Orleans, who tries
ten cases where he tries one, and who has ten
days'work where he has one day's work, I can-
not conceive. We understand, from the prices
current on the Pacific coast now, that the ex-
penses of living there arc ccrtainly not greater
than, if as great as, at New Orleans. The post
this judge occupies is one inferior in importance,
in duties, and in labor, to that of the district
judge of Louisiana. I cannot sit quiet and listen
to a proposition to increase the salary of that
judge to §4,500 per annum, while the jydge of
the district court in my State, where the expenses
are so much heavier, and whose duties are so
much more onerous, receives only a saWy of
$3,500. If the salary of the southern district
judge of California be augmented to §4,500, I
must beg that the district judge of Louisiana be
put on the same footing, tie certainly is entitled
to as much.
Mr. WELLER. There have been, I believe,
some eight hundred land cases brought before the
district courts of the United States m California;
five hundred of these are in the southern district.
Nearly all the most important cases that have
been brought before the district courts upon an
appeal from the land commissioners, are in the
southern district. There is a large number of
those cases pending in the district court, which
will require the constant attention of the judge
there to dispose of them. I think the Senator
from Louisiana is very much mistaken in sup-
posing that living is as cheap now in California
as in New Orleans. 1 have been at both places,
and I certainly could live in New Orleans for
about one third less than I could live in the State
of California. It is just as expensive to live m
the southern pait of California, at Los Angeles,
where this court is held, as at San Francisco; and
if $5,000 be no more than a fair compensation to
the judge of the northern distnet'eourt, certainly
$4,500 would not be extravagant in the southern
district. Therefore, I trust that if you are dis-
posed to do justice between the judge of the
northern and the southern district, this amend-
ment, which has been made by the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole, will be acceded to.
Mr. PUGH. I shall vote against this amend-
ment, because I think it is m the wrong place; but
I wish to remind my friend from Georgia of what
happened here last session. The Committee on
the Judiciary then instructed me to report this
amendment to the appropriation bill:
" For compensation of the judge of the circuit court'of
California, $6,000, and for the compensation of the judge
ot the distiiot. court lor the southern district of CatUonua.
©4.000; and the salary of the said judges shall he at these
rate* lespeofivel) ior the present fiscal year, and annually
thereafter."
The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] asked
from what we proposed to raise the salary. I
answered from $3,000 to §4,000, and my friend
fromCieorgiaadded,xS That was thedecision of the
committee." Then the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Fessendek] said he was in favor of raising
the salary of the circuit judge, but was opposed
to raising the salary of the district judge; and
wanted to know whether we did not constitute
this district the last Congress^ and whether the
salary was not fixed at that time. The Senator
from Georgia said, " No; it had been fixed for five
or six years.,r Now, I want to know why the
Judiciary Committee, of which my friend is a
member, reported to raise the sum to $4,000 last
year, and it now becomes so iniquitous to raise
the salary to $4,500?
Mr. TOOMBS. I have made the same state-
ment to-night that the Senator has read.
Mr. PUGrH. I know that; but why object to
raising the salary to $4,000?
Mr. TOOMBS. I objected to #4,500.
Mr. PUGH. Why not amend the amend-
ment?
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not choose to amend an
amendment that does not come here through a
committee.
Mr. PUGH. I move to strike out "$500,"
and thus leave it at $4,000.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator from
Ohio will let us take the question.
Mr. PUGH. I withdraw the amendment to
the amendment. Itis late; and I understand the
Senator from California does not want it.
The question being taken on concurring in the
amendment, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clay, Green, Gwin, Rusk, and Weller
\TAYS—Messrs!. BpII of New Hampshire, Bell of Ten-
nessee, Benjamin, Biggs, Brodhead, Crittenden, Douglas,-
Fitch, Fitzpatriek, Foot, Foster, Houston, Hunter, Mason,
Nourso, Pugh, lie id, Sebastian, Seward, Slidell, Stuart,
Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and Wright—26.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is not
a quorum voting.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed tp.
Mr. STUART. We cannot go on without a
quorum.
Mr. RUSK. We ought to go on.
Mr. STUART. 1 know we ought to do it, but
we cannot go on without a quorum.
Mr. NOURSE. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. STUART. I will ask for the yeas and
nays on the adjournment, so as to see whether we
can get a quorum.
Mr. WELLER. That is a very good idea. It
will show also who are here.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 17; as follows:
YE At? — Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Benjamin,
i Brodhead, ('lay, Fitch, Foster, Houston, Nourse, Pugh,
Seward, Trumbull, and Wn<rht~12.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell of Tcnne&sec. Bigg-^, Crittenden,
Douglas, Fitzpatriek, Foot, Gicen, Hunter, Roid, Rusk,
Sfba&tian. Shdell, Stuart. Toombs, Wade, Weller, and •
Wilson—17.
So the Senate refused tQ adjourn.
Mr. STUART. There* is not a quorum pres-
ent; and I suppose itis in order now, after making
a short speech stating that fact, to move that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at fifteen min-
utes before twelve o'clock, p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 2, 1857.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
BARK ANN ELIZABETH.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the bill from the House of Representatives
(H. R. No. 851) to authorize the issue of a regis-
ter to the bark Ann Elizabeth; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. STUART. That bill may as well be
passed at once. It is a mere matter of form.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
that there shall be issued, under the direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury, a certificate of
register to the bark Ann Elizabeth, a vessel built
in the United States, but wrecked in the waters
of the British West India Islands, sold to British
subjects, and afterwards repaired withm the Uni-
ted States, and purchased, and now owned by
William Cummins, Thomas M. Norgrane, and
others, of Philadelphia, in the State of Pennsyl-
vania, whenever those persons furnish satisfac-
tory proof that the vessel was repaired in the
United States, and that her owners are now citi-
zens of the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered in a third_ reading, read the
third time, and passed.
SUSPENSION
F RULES,
Mr. STUART submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurring,)
That the 16th and 17th joint rules of the two Houses be sus-
pended for the residue of the present session.
The suspended rules are as follows:
" 16. No bill that shall have passed one House shall be
sent for concurrence to the other on either of the last three
days of the session.
"17. No bill or resolution that shall have passed the
House of Representatives and the Senate shall be pre-
sented to the President of the United States, for his appro-
bation, on the last day of the session."
MICHIGAN SENATORIAL INSTRUCTIONS.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I present to the
Senate resolutions from the Legislature of the
State of Michigan, passed a few days ago, which
my colleague intended to present, but he has been
prevented by circumstances from doing so; and
I now discharge that duty. I desire that they
may be read for a particular reason.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
Joint Resolution respecting Slavery in the Territories.
Whereas, the people of this State duL at the late pres-
idential and State election, unequiv^Rlly condemn the
fugitive slave law of 18o0, and the principles and practical
workings of the Kansaf-Nebraska act of 1854, repudiating,
by a most distinct and emphatic utterance, the repeal of
the Missouri restriction, and the doctrinc of squatter sov-
ereignty. And whereas, the people have thus, by an over-
whelming and unprecedented majority, indorsed the resolu-
tions of instructions passed at the last session of this body.
And whereas, these instructions were utterly disregarded,
notwithstanding the previous and oft repealed avowal on
the part of out Senators of the doctrine of instructions. And
whereas, the experience of the last two years has but
deepened our conviction of the imperative necessity yf
checking the encroachments of the slave power: Therefore
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Represent atives,
That in the name and by the authority of the people of the
State of Michigan, we respectfully demand of our Senators
and earnestly ask our Representatives in Congress to resist
to the utmost the admission of any more slave States into
the Union; and to use their best exertions to secure the
immediate admission of Kansas as a free State, the repeal
of the tugitive slave law of 18:50, and the prohibition by law
of slaveiy in all the Territories and in the District of Co-
lumbia.
Resolved, That the Governor be requested to forward
copies of the foregoing preamble and resolution to our Sen-
ators and Representatives in Congress. This joint resolu-
tion is ordered to take immediate effect.
GEORGE A. OOF.,
President of the Senate,
BYRON G. STOUT,
Speaker of the House of Representatives*
Approved, February 4, 1857.
KINSLEY S. BINGHAM.
Mr. CASS. I know the value of the time of
the Senate under present circumstances, and I
will detain the Senate but a moment; but the
Senate will observe, if they have heard the read-
ing-of those resolutions—and if they have not I
will read the one to which I refer—that my col-
league and myself are placed in a position in which
some assertion of our views is rendered essentially
necessary. It is no pleasant task, Mr. President,
for a member of this body from one of the States
of this Union to be compelled publicly to dissent
from the Legislature of his own State. I am in
that situation. The portion of the resolution to
which I refer is in these words:
"And whereas, these instructions were utterly disre-
garded, notwithstanding the previous and oft-iepeated
avowal on the part of our Senators of the doctrine of in-
structions."
Mr. President, this is a very unadvised asser-
tion. So far as respects myself, and I believe my
colleague, it is incorrect, and I desire so to state
before the Senate. This document says, " not-
withstanding the previous and oft-repeated avowal
on the part of our Senators of the doctrine of in-
structions. "
What is meant by the doctrine of " instruc-
tion " I do not undertake exactly to say; but I
do say that, so far as the resolution speaks of the
oft-repeated avowals of the doctrine of instruc-
tion, it does not refer to me. J have alluded to
that subject twice since 1 have been in the Senate.
The first time was to state that I believed in the
doctrine with limitations; and second, to show
why I should not obey the resolutions of the
Legislature of Michigan in a certain case well
known to the Senate. The first time I alluded
to it was on the 21st of January, 1850; and I theu
said:
'• 1 am a believer in the right of instruction, when fairly
exciciecd, and under proper circumstance.-*. There are
limitations upon thi3 exercise; but I uced not seek to ascer-
