1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1037
persons, before whom it is to be taken, and not
go rambling over the whole State of Indiana; and
next by authorizing the protestants to employ
counsel to represent them m this matter, for they
cannot be expected to attend to it personally.
They will have scattered and gone to their homes
before this resolution reaches them. Somebody
should be authorized to represent them in this
taking of testimony. It is not the case of two
contestants here applying for a seat. If it were,
each person would attend to his own claim. It
is the case of a public body protesting against the
election.
I insist that this resolution ought not to pass,
or that, if it is to pass, it should be amended, and
made specific. 1 regard it as a very important
question—one which should be decided at once,
to the exclusion of all other business. I call upon
the Senate to pause and considerbefore they adopt
a resolution fraught with such consequences as
will be this. It will not be the last case we shall
have where parol testimony is to be taken. Adopt
the rule in this case, and it will be applied to
others, for we must act by general rules. I insist
that all the facts necessary to a proper decision
are now before the Senate. I say the sitting mem-
ber has admitted enough to show that he is not
entitled to his seat; and I presume there is no dis-
pute about a single material fact. I do not pre-
sume the Senator himself will rise in his place,
and deny that a majority of the acting members
of the Senate of Indiana refused to participate in
the so-called joint conveq^on by which he was
elected. His answer shows that what he means
by claiming to have received the votes of a ma-
jority of the legally qualified Senators of Indiana,
is that three of those acting as members were not
legally qualified.
Then, sir, the whole case is here. We have
in the Iowa case settled principles analogous to
those here involved. In that case all the prelimi-
naries to an election were regular; the two branches
of the Legislature of Iowa had agreed to go into
jointconvention to elect a United States Senator;
a quorum of each House met in jointconvention,
and voted from time to time; unable to electa
Senator on the first day they adjourned to another
day; and at one of their adjourned meetings,
authorized by an express statute of the State, a
Senator was elected by a majority of the legally
qualified members of the Legislature of the State
of Iowa; and yet this body decided that he was
not entitled to his seat. Why? Because a ma-
jority of each branch of the Legislature did not
participate when he was elected—the constitution
of that State authorizing a majority to act, and
constituting a majority a quorum to do business.
But the constitution of Indiana does not authorize
a majority of one of its bodies to act; it requires
two thirds of each body to be present to constitute
a quorum to do business; andit wasaffirmedin the
argument in the Iowa case, and decided by the Sen-
ate, thatunlsss there was aquorum of each House
present no valid election could take place. There
was not a quorum of either branch of the Indiana
Legislature present when the election now before
us took place. Two thirds of the members of the
House were not present; less than half the mem-
bers of the Senate were present. None of the
preliminaries requisite to bring the two Houses
together existed in the Indiana case — they all
existed in the ease from -Iowa. The only simi-
larity between the two cases is, that a majority of
one branch of the Legislature did not vote at the
time the election took place in either case; and
this fact alone was sufficient to set aside the elec-
tion in Iowa.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to a question of order
in regard to the order of business. We adjourned
on Saturday night with the legislative, executive,
and judicial appropriation bill under considera-
tion; and I ask whether that bill does not come
up at twelve o'clock to-day, as the unfinished
. business ?
Mr. FITCH. I trust, since the discussion com-
menced this morning, that I shall be permitted to
answer the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the Senator from Vir-
ginia will allow this discussion to continue a little
while longer. I think it is a matter of some
importance that this tirade should be replied
to.
Mr. WELLER. What assurance have we of
when it is to end ?
Mr. HUNTER. If 1 am entitled to the floor
to make my motion, I cannot give way.
Mr. PITCH. I understood the Presiding Offi-
cer to rule that this was a question of privilege.
Mr. BRIGHT. There is no special order for
to-day. The rules have been changed. We meet
at ten o'clock in the morning, and take a recess in
the afternoon; and there are no special orders at
all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Biggs in
the chair.) No bill can have priority over this
subject unless it is postponed by a vote of the
Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. Allow me to say to the Sen-
ator from Illinois, that if he wishes this subject
disposed of, he certainly cannot dispose of it by
consuming all the time in speaking.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will give way. •
Mr. HUNTER. What is the decision of the
Chair in regard to the priority of the appropria-
tion bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that this subject has priority over
every other question before the Senate, unless
the Senate determines by a vote to postpone the
pending question, and take up one of the appro-
priation bills. That motion is in order; but until.
a motion of that kind be made this subject will
continue to be before the Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. To relieve the anxiety of the'
honorable Senator from Virginia, who has charge
of the general appropriation bills, I think I can
assure him that this subject will be disposed of
within the next two hours, if he will allow it to
continue for that length of time. My colleague
clearly has a right to reply to the remarks of the
Senator from Illinois. No Senator, I hope, will
deny that. Then the Senator having charge of
this case from the Judiciary Committee, the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] of
course, will expect to lie heard; and as 1 am in-
terested, I might with the greatest propriety claim
the attention of the Senate. I have, however,
written what I have to say; and if I should find
that it would be more agreeable to the Senate, I
will ask the privilege of handing my manuscript
to the reporter, that my views may go out with
those that have or may be spoken on this ques-
tion.
Mr. WELLER, and others. Undoubtedly.
Mr. BRIGHT. But I think I can assure the
Senator from Virginia that after my colleague and
the Senator from Georgia have been heard—[Mr.
T-oombs. I do not want ten minutes]—that no
other Senator sustaining the claim of my col-
league to a seat here will speak. We are willing,
then, that the Senate should vote as to whether
we shall have the right, under the report of the
Judiciary Committee, to have time 'to take testi-
mony, as provided in the resolution of the com-
mittee.
My colleague does not desire to be placed in
the attitude of holding or claiming a seat here by
any doubtful tenure; and I will not be, if voting
to consider and decide this contest, whenever it is
called up, will relieve me from such a suspicion.
I am alegally and constitutionally elected Senator
from the State of Indiana; so is my colleague; and
whenever it is the pleasure of this body to give
such authority as the Committee on the Judiciary
say ought to be given, and all the proofs are col-
lected, presented, and understood, I entertain not
a doubt that this Senate and country will say so.
Mr. HUNTER. Can we agree to this propo-
sition—that at one o'clock the appropriation bill
shall be taken up.5
Mr. DOUGLAS. We cannot agree to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I merely wish to say that
I think it is due to the Senators from Indiana that
they should be heard.
Mr. FITCH. I intend to be heard without
asking your assent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Indiana is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FITCH. Since this subject is before the
Senate, although I am as averse to consuming
its time as any Senator can be, respect fof the
Executive and General Assembly of the State
in part represented by me requires from me at
least some brief notice of remarks relative to it
which have come from the opposite side of the
Chamber, and especially of remarks made during
the discussion of the question whether I was " to
be or not to be" a Senator; whether the twenty
thousand majority of Indiana was to have a voice
upon this floor, or that voice to be stifled by a
factious minority to whom the order had gone
forth from this edifice to " rule or ruin." Not
then being a member of this body I could not,
and probably during the discussion pending the
final disposition of the matter it may be proper
that I shall not, have aught to say upon the sub-
ject. I do not now intend to ent>-r into an elabo-
rate argument in relation to it, nor into a minute
detail of the facts of the case.
Nor shall I imitate the example afforded by
certain Senators upon the opposite side in attempt-
ing, by the force of a mere ex parte ipse dixit to
have the case prejudged. Upon th6 facts as they
exist, and as (if the resolution of the Judiciary
Committee be adopted) they will be elicited, my
honorable colleague and myself are perfectly will-
ing to submit the matter to the committee, and
through the committee to the Senate, relying
confidently upon those facts to obtain from the
Senate a decision in favor of those we represent.
Tfiat decision, sir, will be important, principally
because of its effect upon them; upon their polit-
ical principles; upon the interests and political
future of Indiana. Its effect upon us individually
is a matter of small consideration to us, and less
still, I presume, to the Senate and to the country.
By no statement of mine in advance shall I seek
to strengthen those facts; nor will I quietly sub-
mit to statements coming from other and inter-
ested sources, made with the avowed design of
weakening them.
It was assumed by Senators .upon the other
side, during the discussion upon the presentation
of my credentials, that all the facts were then
before the Senate; and the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Tiu-mbull] assumes the same to-day. Mr".
President, tins is an assumption contradicted by
their own conscientious convictions; forsuch con-
victions, if finding an abidingplace in their hearts,
must have assured them that there are other and
material facts connected in part with their action,
or springing from their advice, which were not
and cannot yet be before the Senate; and when
those facts are adduced, if they do not bring the
blush to-the cheeks of some on the opposite side
for their own complicity with them, or that of
their intimate political associates, it will be for
the reason that their long opposition to the Con-
stitution and the legal and constitutional rights
of the country have so familiarized them with
that degree of revolutionary faction which, per-
haps, in the earlier and more patriotic days of the
Republic might have been called treason, as to
render them indifferent to any expose of their
participation in it. A prominent feature of their
course in the matter was the absence of that cour-
tesy toward a sitting Senator and the State rep-
resented by him, which had previously and prop-
erly characterized the action of the Senate in
similar cases. They had themselves been re-
cently—part of them personally, all of them polit-
ically—the objects and recipients of such cour-
tesy from this side of the Chamber: yet upon the
first occasion, when the politics of the case were
changed, they evincc that blunted sensibility to
which I have alluded, and their inability to ap-
preciate courtesy, in their refusal to extend it to
a political opponent. #
The Senatorfrom Illinois [Mr.Trumbull] who
holds his own seat here under circumstances of
doubtful legality, took the initial in questioning
my legal right to a seat. He pronounced my
election illegal. What law, either of the United
States or Indiana, was violated? He can find
none, unless, indeed, he be peculiarly endowed,
for
" Optics keen it needs, T ween,
To see what is not to be seen
and no law of either upon the subject exists with
, which my election conflicted. The legal differ-
j ence between the circumstances under which the
I1 Senatorfrom Illinois and myself are here consists
|i in his having been elected in violation of the or-
!i ganic law oHllinois, while there is no provision,
constitutional oi statutory,of Indiana, conflicting
! with the manner of my election. Ho, in order
< to retain his seat here, was constrained to admit
! that he had violated, or instigated others to vio-
I late, the constitution of his State, which judicially
! he had sworn to maintain. He was elected in
!■ violation of the law of his State. There was no.
i i law of my State conflicting with the manner of
