1088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
my election; and hence the manner might well be
assumed to constitute the law for the time being.
The fourth article of the constitution of. Indiana,
which he quotes to justify his position, he will
find construed by those whose peculiar province
it is, from their official position in that State, to
expound its constitution and its laws, to relate
exclusively to ordinary legislative business, the
passage of " bills and joint resolutions"—ay, sir,
the very language quoted by him almost explicitly
so states; and any other construction can be but
a forced one designed to pander to personal or
political prejudice. His theoretical construction
is the one put upon that article by the protestants
■whose papers he presented; but in those very
papers they admit that no such construction has
practically governed their action, for they proceed
to say, that when the State Senate was not in
session, when the presiding officer and a large
portion of the Senate were absent, some twenty-
three or twenty-four men claiming to be members
of that body organized by calling one of tkeir
own number to the chair, like organizing a town
political meeting by calling a moderator to preside,
and went through the form of expelling a member
of the Senate. They thereby committed a double
violation of the constitution, if their version of it,
as they would apply it to my case, be correct; for
not only was there no quorum present as they
admit and as was required by the construction
they present here, but their pretended expulsion
of a member was in violation of that provision of
the constitution which requires explicitly the
vote—not the presence merely, but the vote—of
two thirds to expel a member from either branch
of the General Assembly.
The Senator from Illinois, it will be remem-
bered, assumed a similarity between the case of
the Republican Senator from Iowa [Mr. Har-
lan] and mine. There will be found, upon in-
vestigation, a wide difference between the two
cases—a difference in substance, in principle, in
law, and in fact. Some of these differences, not i
all, are now at issue. I
The protestants allege that my election was by !
an unauthorized mob. On the contrary, I aver, !
and it can be proved, that the Senate portion of ;
the protectants themselves were acting as a mob, i
and that the journal presented here is the journal j
of a mob not recognized by the law or constitu- I
tion of Indiana. [
There is, among others, this material differ- j
ence between the case of the Senator from Iowa .
and mine: the papers presented m his case were
not controverted; he admitted their statements.
J deny several, and the most important, of those
presented in opposition to my right here. But,
sir, when the course of the Senator from Illi-
nois, and a few of those acting with him upon
the case of the Senator from Iowa, is compared
ith what their course lias been upon my case,
gffee conviction is irresistible that no supposed sim-
,.#-j]arity or difTeience between the two cases had any
influence in shaping their opposition to my admis-
sion. The consideration which governed that
opposition was the political difference in the two
cases. That time necessary for a cool, calm, and
impartial investigation ofacase, when the politics
and garty interested were Republican, was, in
their estimation, eminently right and proper.
They then raised no voice, gave no vote, for an
immediate decision upon ex parte evidence. But
with them a change in the politics of a case is a
chunge 111 its merits; and they are now prompt to
condemn in an opponent what they were ready to
assent to and defend in a friend. With them," Dat
veniam coruis, Vt'xat censura columbas"** — I leave
the venerable arid classical Senator from South
Carolina to interpret. In both cases alike, the
case of the Republican Senator from Iowa mid my
own, the Senator from Illinois, and those acting |
with him, sought to strengthen upon this floor '
the one and weaken the other of the two prin- j]
cipal parties which divide the .North—in the for- i
mer ease, by adding one to the number of their 1
own political friends here, and in the latter, by
leaving vacant a seat claimed by a representative ;
of a nationality to which their past acts clearly !
evince their hostility. It was the political differ-1
ence in the two cases which induced the counsel
be inferred from the conduct of those to whom it
was given. It was this political difference which,
in part at least, prompted their labored prepara-
tion in advance for opposition to my admission.
It was this political difference which instigated one
Senator, [Mr. Nocrse,] in his anxiety to create
prejudice against the certificate of Governor Wil-
lard, to make it a supposable case of forgery. It
was this political difference which induced an-
other of the opposition Senators [Mr. Wilson]
to denounce an election of which he knew nothing
except from ex parte representations of prejudiced
and interested parties as a fraud; and to denounce
by implication the Executive and General Assem-
bly of Indiana as parties to that fraud—men, the
least intellectual of whom I would feel pride in
permitting any intelligent public to compare, in
all the requisites of citizen and statesman, with
that Senator. It was this political difference which
instigated the Senator froni Illinois to attempt to
so pervert a rule of the Senate as to make it min-
ister to his cunning—make it subservient to his
desire to obtain, in my case, a verdict in advance
of trial. That rule of the Senate which requires
a statement from a Senator of the contents of
any paper he presents, clearly contemplates only
such brief verbal statement as will satisfy the
Senate of the character of the paper, whether it
can or cannot properly be received, and to what
committee properly referred. Here is the rule
before me. I presume every Senator is conver-
sant with it, but I wish to draw the attention of
that Senator to it. The latter part of the 24th
rule is:
>' And before any petition or memorial, addressed to The
Semite*, shall be received and road at the table, whether
the Mime shall be introduced by the Presidentora member,
a brier'statement of the contents of the petition or memo-
rial shall verbutiy be made by the introducer."
All the rule required—all it properly permitted
in the case of the papers sent by that Senator to
the Secretary's desk on the 2Uth of February,
was a brief verbal statement to the effect that the
papers wen;, or purported to be, abstracts from
the Journals of the two^Houses of tile General
Assembly of Indiana, of certain dates, and pro-
tests of certain members, or persons representing
themselves as members, of that General Assembly
against the late senatorial election. And yet, sir,
under that rule, thus plain in its provisions, the
gentleman seeks to justify himself for coming
forward, less as a Senator to present papers,
than as an attorney for a political party, to file a
pica, which he called an " abstract," against an
opponent, and file it under circumstances which
he doubtless thought would preclude the possi-
bility of an answer, and permit his paper to go
forth to the public and the Senate, as one with
which no issue of law or fact could be made.
He tells us he feels no other interest in the mat-
ter—appears in no other capacity than as a Sen-
ator. Mr. President, the papers he presented
strongly justify the suspicion that the relation
between himself and the protestants is that of
attorney and client, for among them is a statement
that the Senator—naming him—is to have special
charge of these papers. Provision is made for
presenting two copies to the Senate, one through
you, sir, as Presiding Officer, the other through
that Senator. The protestants knew as well as
this Senate knows that any copy forwarded to
the Presiding Officer would be laid befoie the
Senate, properly referred, and printed, and thereby
made accessible to every Senator. Whence, then,
the necessity of sending another copy to that
Senator, unless for the purpose of permitting him
to have possession of it in advance, to enable
him AO prepare his plea-—his abstract?
Sir, his abstract purported to truthfully state
to the Senate all the material matters contained in
the papers he presented. 1 have perused his ab-
stract. It now lies before me. In it I find there
is reference to a protest of certain members of the
lower House of the General Assembly against my
election. I find, upon an examination of the papers
—that privilege was accorded me by the Judiciary
Committee—two protests, one authenticated as
the original by the original signatures of the mem-
bers protesting, and the other purporting to be a
copy. Which of these two protests did the Senator
refer to in his " abstract?" Here are both, [hold-
of some of them to their political coadjutors in     ...  , L 
Indiana—counsel the character of which can well ji ing them up;] and they bear evidence upon their
" — —  -11 own face of their fraudulent character. There
_* The doves are censured, but the crows are spared. f| is that within them which vitiates them as testi-
mony. If he presented his abstract merely as a
Senator, why aid ho not call the attention of the
Senate to the fact that the papers conflicted with
each othpr, and that, consequently, no reliance
was to be placed upon them ' He did not do it,
doubtless for the reason that his "abstract" was
like a lawyer's plea, designed to make the best
case which it permitted out of the evidence, for
his client, leaving to others to discover discrep-
ancy and contradiction ill tile testimony. Here
are the two protests, the original authenticated,
as any Senator can perceive, by the original sig-
natures of those protesting. Here is the copy,
sworn to by two Republican members of the
Legislature of Indiana — two of that Senator's
political associates—before a notary public, as a
true and correct copy. In the original it is stated
that there were present in joint convention on the
4th of February, twenty-three State Senators; in
the copy the number is put at twenty-four. In
the original, the number of Representatives pres-
ent is stated to have been sixty-one; in the copy
sixty-two. To the original appear the names, m
theii own handwriting, of thirty-four members;
in the copy there are the names, purporting to
be copied, of thirty-five; in that Senator's " ab-
stract" he states the number of signatures to be
thirty-six. There are entire sentences m the ori-
ginal nowhere found in the copy. The papers
conflict with each other; his abstract conflicts
with both; and neither of the three tell " the truth,
the whole truth, and nothing but the truth."
Although his abstract failed of the immediate ac-
complishment of his object—although the paper
last presented by him contained nothing new, and
but little of anything, I trust the Senator will not
thereby be discouraged in his dubiously disinter-
ested efforts in my case ! I suggest that he send
to Indiana for another paper upon which to base
another abstract or plea. He has but to indicate
its character, and it will come, like its predeces-
sors, to order! Was his construction of the Senate
rule I road, relative to the presentation of papers,
the proper one? Was it justifiable? Was it,
under the circumstances, honorable ?
It may be remembered that I asked the Senator,
upon the presentation of his "abstract," to with-
hold it from print for a short time, to permit me
to examine it, and compare it with the original
papers, thatan answer might go forth with it. Sir,
I was thus solicitous upon the subject because I
then entertained a suspicion of the character of
the papers and the " abstract." I then suspected
that something was .about to be palmed at that
late day of the session upon the committee and
the Senate, as testimony which was not worthy
of consideration—which was not in itself true—
which was in fact an attempted imposition. To
my request he sent a refusal. Was this refusal
senatorial courtesy ? If so, the term has a widely
different signification here from that which attains
elsewhere. Such practices, I am informed, occa-
sionally occur in certain inferior courts of law,
adding nothing to any desirable reputation upon
the part of those who resort to them; but there
another name than courtesy is applied to them.
Mr. WELLER. " Sharp practice."
Mr. FITCH. Sharp, indeed ! Can it be pos-
sible that any Senator has derived from such source
his ideas of senatorial rules and senatorial deport-
ment?
The Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] arrived
at the same conclusion with the Senator from Il-
linois, but by a different avenue. Both reached
the same goal by opposite roads. The Senator
from Iowa, the one personally interested in the
decision of the case to which the Senator from
Illinois assimilated mine, could see no similarity
whatever between them. The Senator from Illi-
nois spoke and voted against my admission be-
cause the cases were similar; the Senator from
Iowa, because they were not; and the argument
of each overturned the pretext upon which the
vote of the other was based. They both suc-
ceeded in convincing others—if of nothing else—
that they were governed less by precedent and
principle than by partisan politics. The argu-
ment of the Senator from Iowa looked one way;
his vote went the other. Here is what he said,
speaking of his own case:
" But I then thought, and still tliink, that the great prin-
ciple which ought to have controlled that decision was
overlooked. TUie Senate did not seem to me to look tlirougll
tiie mera technicality of the law—th  moru technicality of
