1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBH
tm
the rule of an election, for the purpose of ascertaining what
was the will of the elector. This view of the case did not
seem to me to have been distinctly raised on the mind of
many Senators. They argued it as they would argue an
indictment before a ciimutal court; or as they would argue
the validity of title to land under a forced rule"—
that applies, aptly, to the argument of the Sen-
ator from Illinois—
" where the law must be construed strictly against the in-
strument—where every well-grounded doubt must be fatal
to the State."
^ Well, Mr. President, was not the " will of the
electors" clearly, distinctly, and unequivocally
expressed iu my election, the will of a majority
of the General Assembly of Indiana, the will,
indeed, as will be proven, of a majority of both
bodies constituting that General Assembly ? This
is admitted by the protestants themselves, and
by the Senators on the other side, who opposed
my admission. They take exceptions only to the
absence of some vague form—not the absence of
any technical form, in the language of the Sena-
tor from Iowa, for they admit there was no tech-
nical form existing; that no form was proscribed-,-
that there was no form or law upon the subject
in existence. The form they desired was not
one which would promote the probability of an
election, but one whichwouMteffectually defeat
any attempt to elect, unless the elected were Re-
publicans. With such form they would have
been content, and no voice of their side would
have been raised against it.
The Senator from Iowa intimated that he should
look to the substance, not the shadow—to the
result, not the technical form through which it
was attained. Well, sir, was not the substance
with my colleague and myself? Was not the
result in our favor—a result reflecting the will of
a large majority of the electors, eighty-five or
eighty-six out of one hundred and fifty? No
form which Republican ingenuity here or in In-
diana could have devised, would have varied the
expression of that will or the result. In what-
ever manner expressed, the will would have been
the same; the result would have been the same.
The argument of the Senator from Iowa, then,
made a good case for me, even upon the ex parte
statements of his own political associates; but his
argument was better than his vote; and permit
me to say, there was not the slightest connection
between them.
The Senator from New York [Mr. Seward]
could find no better argument against my admis-
sion than a wordy criticism upon the phraseology
of Governor Willard's certificate. Perhaps that
Senator may deem criticism too respectable—too
complimentary a term to apply to his remarks
-upon that occasion; but I leave it to his judgment,
upgn perusal of his remarks, to indicate the more
appropriate term. Sufficient for me to say, that
. the certificate was in the usual form and words
adopted in that State; and with all due deference
to that distinguished Senator, it may be permitted
me to suggest that perhaps Governor Willard is
as competent to know the form, the facts, and the
law in a case appertaining to his State, as can be
that Senator. He appears to be laboring under
the delusion, that because the certificate did not
emanate from the same officer, and correspond
exactly in phraseology with the certificates issued
in similar cases in his State, hence it is not valid.
We of the West, linked to New York by our
great thoroughfares of trade and travel, derive
hence, in part, our prosperity, and we send in
return much of that which constitutes its great-
ness. We look, therefore, upon its advance in
power, wealth, and prosperity with pride, with
pleasure, knowing that our own will travel along
ptii passu. But notwithstanding this connection,
I trust it will be long before we copy its forms,
its laws, its politics, or its isms.
The Senator charged this side of the Chamber
with being governed by political prejudices in its
desire to adhere to the precedents and usages of
the Senate. I regretted to hear the charge for his
own sake, for he must have known the circum-
stances did not justify it. On the contrary, by
his opposition to usages and precedents, which,
when the politics interested were his own, had
reciived his assentand his support, he stood self-
convicted before the Senate upon the verycharge
he was arraying against Senators on this side; for
what else than party politics could have induced
that honorable Senator to be then so inconsistent
with his precious self?
The object of this chameleon change upon his
part and that of several other Senators on the
other side Of the Chamber—a change of opinion
and action to correspond with a change of politics
in the case—is to strengthen a party which has
evinced within it during the two years of its ex-
istence, Inore of corruption than has marked the
entire duration of any of its predecessors—a party
which has devoted whatever it had and has of
power and energy to present mischief and pros-
pective disunion. I need not allude to the evi-
dences of corruption within it. Unfortunately
for the reputation of our country those evidences
are too notorious both here and in Indiana to
require mention. Its propensity for mischief has
been marked at every step of its progress, espe-
cially in the disorders which it originated and
has fostered in Kansas for its own party pur-
poses, and in its attempt during the first session
of this Congress to embarrass, if not revolution-
fee, the General Government; and in its more
recent and partially successful attempt to disor-
ganize the State government of Indiana. The
tendency of its acts and principles to disunion-is
matter of record and matter of history. It plays
for a great stake — the dismemberment of the
Republic and the possession of the northern frag-
ment, and its efforts will be commensurate with the
importance of the object it seeks. If the past is
to speak for the future, its members will leave no
effort untried, not even those of such questionably
honorable character as we have recently wit-
nessed here, to addto its strength and promote
its objects.
Mr. President, I am aware that I have been
trespassing upon important time; bat I trust that
you and the Senate will find an apology for me in
the character of the denunciations which were
hurled from the other side of the Chamber, when
I was not in a position permitting me to answer
them, at those who sent me here. It would afford
me pleasure to go on to examine further into the
arguments and assertions made, and positions
taken, by the opposite side upon this subject; but
knowing, as every Senator must, the importance
and amount of business yet to be acted upon, and
the little time left for action, I do not feel at lib-
erty, at this time, any longer to ask the attention
of the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS obtained the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust the Senator from
Georgia will allow me to reply to the personal
remarks of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. TOOMBS. Indeed I cannot.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The remarks to which I
wish to reply were of a personal character.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not think this is a good
place to settle personal matters, especially to-
wards the close of the session—any other place
is better to settle such matters than this.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have something to say, Mr.
President, in regard to the argument—something
that concerns the public welfare, but not on per-
sonal matters.
The Committee on the Judiciary, who had this
subject under consideration, gave it their diligent
attention at every regular meeting of the commit-
tee, and I think atone appointed specially for the
purpose It was imposed on them by the Senate
against their wishes and consent, but they have
done their full and ample duty. It is true, I think,
that they have not considered the question as
much as the Senator from Illinois, who, from the
very beginning, before these gentlemen took their
seats, seemed to bo exceedingly anxious to em-
ploy his time, and take up that of the Senate, in
order and out of order, for the purpose of getting
one side of the case before the country, for I ap-
prehend there is no object in having this question
decided at this session, and no one thinks there
is. I cannot do the intelligence of the Senator
the injustice to suppose that he does not know
that as well as I do. We have more important
matters to attend to; but I wish to vindicate the
report of the committee.
In the first place, the Senator says there is no
conflict such as that stated in the report of the
committee. The only point to his argument is
simply a misapprehension or misstatement of
facts. Without making an argument, I will read
the allegations made by the contestants and the
sitting member, and simply submit to the Senate
whether there is an issuable matter in it. The
contestants say, in the first portion ofthe protest
that " there was no joint convention of the twi>
Houses of said General Assembly on said day."
The sitting member says, " he was elected to
said office by a majority of all the members com-
posing the Legislature of the State, they being
then and for that purpose assembled in joint con-
vention."
I take that to be an issue of fact. Both of them
cannot be true. No ingenuity can distort both
of them into the truth. One says there was no
convention at all; the other says there was'a.con-
vention legally held.
Mr. TRUMBULL. One says there was no
convention of the Houses of the Legislature; the
other says there was a convention of the mem-
bers. That is the difference.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the Senator will pardon
me for not going into a small, sharp, special plead-
ing with anybody here. I shall not do it. I think
it unbecoming the Judiciary Committee. I say
I take it to be an issue of fact. One says—ani l
will read it again—" there was no joint conven-
tion of the two Houses of said General Assembly
on said day." That is the allegation of the pro-
testants. The sitting member says that" he tws
elected to said office by a majority of all the meW-  
bers composing the Legislature of the State, they
being then, and for that purpose, assembled in
joint convention." I think that is a certainty to
a common intent. That is my understanding of
it; but be goes on further, and says " he was
elected whilst in such joint convention, by a ma-
jority of the legally qualified members of the
Senate of the State, and of the legally qualified
members of the House of Representatives re-
spectively."
If that is true, in my judgment he is entitled to
his'seat, and whenever he makes it good he get#
m^.'vote. It is not denied on the other side. I
am not willing, like the Senator from Illinois, to
decide the case without evidence, or on the evi-
dence of one side. I want the truth before giving
judgment, and that is the reason we corae to the
Senate for the means to obtain it.
The second allegation, the Senator says, is im-
material. The protestants say that "A minority
only of the legally sitting Senators of Indiana
participated m said election." The sitting mem-
ber alleges that he was elected by a majority of
the Senate and House of Representatives of In-
diana. That is a fact, which I think a very im-
portant one, and it is a fact that can be known in
this case only in pais. But the Senator says you
must only go to the record. I admit that nobody
can contest the election, qualification, or return of
a Senator or Representative of.Indiana but the
two Houses respectively. That is true; but
though a member may have been legally elected,
qualified, and returned, if he was not constitu-
tionally inducted into office he is not a member,
and it becomes important for this Senate to de-
termine whether these persons, as members of
the Senate, were legally inducted into office. If
the three complained of here were not legally in-
ducted, but were thrust in against the constitu-
tion, as the claimant says, it will control my vote.
I am arguing the case made by the sitting mem-
ber, because I do not know what the truth is.
That is what I am seeking. But where issues
are made, I am taking the only way to get at the
truth.
The .fourth point of the sitting member is:
" That in the organization of said State Senate, accord-
ing to the constitution, laws, and usage of the State, tfts
Lieutenant Governor presides and superintends the admis-
sion of mernbeis and the taking the required oaths of office.
That upon this occasion, in violation of such constitution,
laws, and usage, the s-axd three members, who were with-
out the expressly required credentials of election, the cer-
tificate of the proper and only returning officer, arid whose
seats were also known to be contested, and on grounds of
fraud also known to be true, were, by a presiding officer,
chosen for the purpose by the members of the Senate des-
ignated as Republicans, contrary to all law, and by naked
wiong, directed, notwithstanding, to be sworn in, and for
the clear purpose, illegal and fraudulent in fact, of defeating
an election of Senators ofthe United States."
Suppose now that a mob come here, and bring
up five men, and offer to swear them, and the
President says they shall not be sworn, and they
put another man by the side of you, sir, and get
a justice of the peace to swear them in, can you
not inquire whether they were properly inducted
into office ? But go farther, and take a caae X
notice in Illinois. A new apportionment bill was
