THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE. OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
FRIDAY, MA-RCH 6, 1857.
New Series....No. GG.
H. Seymour, the Minister of the United States
at Russia, of a memento from the Emperor of
Russia.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. DODGE. I move to amend the bill by in-
serting, after line seven hundred and eighty-eight,
And that the annual salary of the district judge of the
United Slates for the district of Wisconsin shall hereafter
be $3,000.
I will state that the Judiciary Committee, some
time since, reported in favor of $2,500 for this
judge. Owing to the high price of rent, he cannot
procure a suitable residence for less than §800 a
year. His duties are of a most important char-
acter, and I think he should be placed on the same
footing as the judge of the northern district of
Illinois. I have fixed his salary at $3,000 in this
amendment, which I hope will be considered just
and proper by the Senate.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to inquire of the Senator
from Wisconsin whether the amend ment is moved
by the authority of the Judiciary Committee?
Mr. DODGE. A bill fixing the salary at $2,500
has passed this body, by the unanimous consent
of the Committee on the Judiciary, and by the
unanimous consent of the Senate. If the salary
of the judge of the northern district of Illinois
be raised to §3,500, there can be no justice in
refusing to increase the salary of the judge of Wis-
consin. There are two United States judges in
IllinoiSj and but one in Wisconsin. The duties
are of the most important character. He has
a large amount of admiralty jurisdiction. As I
remarked before, he cannot rent a house for less
than $800 a year. Under these circumstances, I
think the Senate will at once see the justice and
propriety of allowing him a salary of §3,000.
Mr. CLAY. The honorable Senator has not
answered my question.
Mr. DODGE. I will state that a bill fixing
the salary at §2,500 was reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and passed this body by
the unanimous consent of the Senate, without
any argument on the subject, and is now pending
before the House of Representatives. I deem this
but an act of justice to Judge Miller, which I
hope will not be withheld from him. Inasmuch
as the salaries of other judges have been increased,
I hope my friend from Alabama will see the pro-
priety of this proposition.
Mr. CLAY. The fact is, as it appears, that
this amendment is not offered by the recommend-
ation of a committee, and lience it is not sflrictly
in order. My reason for objecting to it is not
personal at all, as I trust the honorable Senator
from Wisconsin knows; but I have a judge in my
own State asking for an increase of his pay, and
with like propriety I might move an amendment
to raise his salary, and might sustain it by sim-
ilar arguments; and I must do it if this prevails,
because I could not justify myself to him and his
friends at home, if 1 sat here and saw these
amendments adopted out of order, increasing the
salariosof other judges without asking for an in-
crease of his.
Mr. DODGE. I will change the amount to
§2,500, which sum has been reported unanimously
by the Judiciary Committee as proper. A bill
fixing that salary was reported by the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Geyer,] and passed by the
Senate.
Mr*. BRODHEAD. We fixed the salaries of
the district judges throughout the United States,
two years ago, and arc we now at this time, on
this bill, to undertake to review, reconsider, and
readjust these salaries? The district judge of
the 'eastern district of Pennsylvania gets but
$3,000 a year. He has a large jurisdiction. I
think there is quite as much business in his court
at Philadelphia as m the small western States.
The population is much greater; the businesses
larger. If you raise the salary of one district
judge, you must raise the salaries of all. It is
wrong to select individual cases and make excep-
tions of them. The whole subject was adjusted
twe years ago, after a full consideration of the
question.
66
Mr. DODGE. I hope the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will not object to the unanimous report
of the Judiciary Committee in favor of allowing
this judge $2,500. I trust that even-handed jus-
tfee will be dealt to him. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania can move such amendments as he thinks
proper; but this appears to me to be an act of
justice to Winconsm, which I hope will not be
withheld from her on this occasion.
Mr. YULEE. I understand that the Judiciary
Committee have recommended an increase of the
salaries of the judges at Chicago, Detroit, and
Milwaukee. We have already agreed to increase
the salary of the judge at Chicago, and now it is
Froposed for Milwaukee. I hope it will be done.
think the increase recommended by the com-
mittee in these cases is proper.
Mr. GEYER. I wish to state, for the inform-
ation of the Senator from Pennsylvania, that
when we reported upon the salaries of the district
judges, the judge of Winconsin was fixed at a
lower rate than any other in the same condition.
He was at $2,000. Pie holds several terms at the
city of Milwaukee and at Madison, in the interior
of Wisconsin—some distance apart. The courts
sit for a great portion of the year. If I mistake
not, he does the duties of a circuit as well as of a
district judge, for I believe Wisconsin is not em-
braced in the general circuit system.
Mr. DODGE. It is not.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have an amendment to offer
which does not involve a dollar of money nor
increase a salary, but it is merely to enable the
business of the country to be done. It is an
amendment that speaks for itself. I offer from
the Judiciary Committee the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That the judges of the supreme
court in the Teriitoiy of Minnesota, arc hereby authorized
to hold comts within'their respective districts m the coun-
ties wherein, by the laws of t>nid Territory courts have been
or maybe established : Provided. The expense thereof shall
be paid by such counties; respectively.
This is to legalize the holding of courts in the
various counties fixed by law, those counties pay-
ing the expense.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have another amendment
which is recommended by the same consideration
as the last, that it does not increase a salary nor
involve a dollar. It is in page 19, line four hun-
dred and fifty one, after the provision for the com-
pensation of the surveyor general for the district
northwest of the Ohio, whose office is at Detroit,
to insert:
And it is hereby made the duty of the Secretary of the
Interior, a<; soon after the passage of this act as may be, to
cause the said office to be removed to the city of St. Paul,
m the Territoiy of Minnesota, and to make the necessary
provisions for immediate and effective operations; and
when so removed, tiie duties of said sui vcyor general shall
be made coextensive with the limits of the future State of
Minnesota, as prescribed m an act entitled "An act to au-
thorize the peop'e of Minnesota to form a constitution aod
State government preparatory to then admission into the
Union on an equal looting with tlie original States," ap-
piovod February tRj, 1857.
This settles a difficulty about the northwestern
surveyor general's office, with the consent of all
parties.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I gave my consent to
this when a proposition was made m the House
of Representatives to establish a surveyor gen-
eral 's office for the whole of the Territory of Min-
nesota.
Mr. TOOMBS. I state with great pleasure
that the Senator did agree to it.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. PEARCE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Library to offer sundry amendments,
all of which are to come in on page 7, line one
hundred and fifty-one, at the end of the appro-
priations for the .Library of Congress.
The first is to insert:
For paper, printing, and binding a complete catalogue
of the books m the Libraiy of Congiess, $4,000, under the
direction of the Library Committee of Congiess.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER, Would not these amend-
ments be more appropriate to the miscellaneous
bill ?
Mr. PEARCE. No, sir. This bill makes
appropriations for the Library of Congress, and
this is the proper place. My next amendment
isj
For the publication of the Monroe papers now in the ar-
chives of the State Department, under the direction of the
Library Committee, $6,000: Provided, That the edition
shall not exceed one thousand copies. .
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I have now three amendments
which were omitted from the bill in the House
of Representatives, and perhaps may as well be
acted on together, as they relate to the same sub-
ject:
For extending the propagating department of the botanic
garden, and introducing water into the same from the Cap-
itol square, $3,600, to bo expended under the direction of
the Commissioner of the Public Building*.
For procuring manure, tools, fuel, repairs, purchasing
trees and shrubs foi the botanic garden, $2,300, to be
expended under the direction of the Library Committee of
Congress.
For pay oI horticulturist and assistant in the botanic gar-
den and green houses, $5,121 5 ',to be expended under the.
direction of the Library Committee of Congiess.
Mr. HUNTER. All the appropriations for
the public grounds come in the miscellaneous
bill.
Mr. PEARCE. We have been in the habit
heretofore of making these appropriations under
the head of" Library of Congress."
The amendments were adopted.
Mr. PEARCE. I have one more amendment
to come in on the 25th page, at the end of line six
hundred and four, after the appropriations for the
pay of the officers of the Navy Department:
To enable the Secretary of the >*a vy to pay the salary of
Pmfessor James P. Rspy for the current fiscal year'endmg
June SO, 1857, $2,001), the payment to be made in the same
manner and under the like control as former appropriations
for meteorological observations, and also for the year end-
ing June 30,18,"6, $2,000.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there any law for this ? It
seems to me there is none.
Mr. PEARCE. The Congress of the United
States has for a series of years made appropria-
tions of this sort. Mr. Espy was therefore reg-
ularly employed by authority of law down to the
period when we passed the last appropriation
bill. At that time the appropriation was omitted,
I think I may say by accident, for I was charged
with it myself, or at least it was my purpose to
charge myself with it. The clause usually came
from the Iiou.se of Representatives in the bill,
but it was not in the bill last year, and I neglected
to move the customary amendment. He was,
however, and had been prior to the passage of that
bill, actually thus employed down to the time the
bill passed. It seems to me that it was not right
and proper to cut him off in that way. Certainly
I think the first part of this amendment ought to
be adopted, if not the last.
Mr. HUNTER. I know there is not time to
talk, but it seems to mo it is not for us to be em-
ploying meteorologists.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands that this officer is employed under
an existing law.
Mr. TOOMBS. We have done it for fifteen
years, and it is nothing b.ut fair and right.
Mr. ADAMS. If we have done it, my recol-
lection is that it never passed the House of Rep-
resentatives except by being inserted in the re-
port of a committee of conference.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is a mistake.
Mr. ADAMS. Very frequently, to my knowl-
edge, it has been offered here as an amendment.
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 25, noes 16.
Mr. MALLORY. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
And be it further enacted* That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be. and he is hereby, authorized and required to ascer-
tain, in such way as he may deem best, the actual value of
the ten acres of laud heretofore belonging to the naval estate
at Chelsea, Massachusetts, and ceded by the mth seo-
i turn of " Au«act m&kmjj appiopiiations for the civil and
