1042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
diplomatic service of the Government," approved the 3d of
March, for the purpose of n marine hospital for the
district of Boston and Oh:irlpstown,aml to paytheso ascer-
tained value of the said ten acres, out of any money in the
Treasury not otheiwise appropriated, to the credit of the
naval hospital fund, out of winch the original purchase of
the property so ceded was made.
Mr. HUNTER. This is a subject for the mis-
cellaneous bill. We are very anxious to close up
this bill, and send it to the House of Represent-
atives. They have now but one appropriation
bill before them—the deficiency; bill. They will
soon be outof work unless we give them another.
We want to send this bill to them at once. I
hope it will be done. The amendment of the
Senator from Florida belongs to the miscellaneous
bill, not here.
Mr. MA.LLORY. If my friend from Virginia
had made that objection good to a hundred sim-
ilar items, I should not press this amendment
here. It requires no appropriation whatever. A
portion of the hospital fund belonging to the sea-
men of the Navy has been taken for the mercan-
tile marine, and this is to restore it.
Mr. HUNTER. Put it 011 the naval appropri-
ation bill.
Mr. MALJL.0RY. It may as well go 011 this
bill as the appropriation to pay for meteorological
observations. One is as germane as the other.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I offer an amendment as an
additional section:
•And be it further enacted, That in addition to the nine
supervising inspectors, tilt; appointincntof which is author-
ized the eighteenth section of the act of the 30th of Au-
gust, 185*3, one other of like qualifications shall be appointed
by th« President, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, tor the Pacific coast of the Lnited States.: Provided,
That linn additional supervising inspector shall not he under
obligations to attend the meetings of the board ulterior than
once in three years, but shall, in the intcivals thereof, com-
municate therewith in wiiting, and in all hirf official acts
and proceedings shall be governed by suclnulea and regu-
lation* as may he from time to tune established by said
board; and a certified copy of such rules and rcinilations
tshall be forwarded to him by the wcietary ol  .ud fooaid.
The compensation <>f t-ueh hiipeiviMiig injector i<>r liio
Pacific co.u-t shall be £^,OOU pel annum.
A few words will explain the amendment.
We have, navigating the bay of San Francisco
and the rivers of California, between ninety and
a hundred steamboats. We are attached to the
New Orleans district. We have a local inspector
it is true; but if he condemns a steamboat as un-
sound, the owners take an appeal to the super-
vising inspector at .New Orleans, and before it
can be decided, the boat navigates the river and
blows up. Many lives may be lost before we
can get a decision from the supervising inspector
at New Orleans. The only elfect of this amend-
ment is to give a supervising inspector to the
Pacific coast, and not compel us to go to New
Orleans, as is the case now.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will that supersede the
necessity of the local inspector?
Mr. WELLER. No, sir. There will still be a
local inspector. My object is to have an addi-
tional supervising inspector, and to assign him
to the Pacific coast. You now have nine for the
United States. The supervising inspector at New
Orleans has charge of Florida, Alabama, and
Louisiana, and also of the Pacific coast. We
want one for ourselves.
Mr. COLLAMER. How many local inspect-
ors are there on the Pacific coast?
Mr. WELLER. But one.
_Mt\ BENJAMIN. The Senator from Califor- ;
nia is undoubtedly right. There is an absolute
necessity for an additional supervising inspector
on the Pacific coast.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the question
on the amendment; and sixteen Senators voted in
the affiimative.
Mr. WELLER. Regarding this as a matter
of importance, I shall have to ask for the yeas
and nays. The Senate agreed to this provision
at the last session without any controversy. The
Senate seemed to consider it of so much 'import-
ance as to pass it without difficulty; but it failed
in the Iluuse of Representatives, and was yielded
by a committee of conference. If we are to be
compelled to go to New Oileans with an appeal
from our local inspector, I dejsirc to know who
will force us to do it, I ask for fhe yeas and
Kays.
Several Senators. Oh,no; leHis have another
division.
Mr. WELLER. Very well; I withdraw the
call for the yeas and nays.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty-
four, noes not counted.
Mr. RUSK. I offer an amendment as an addi-
tional section, to repeal an unconstitutional law:
•And be it farther enacted, That so much of an act creat-
ing a collection chstrictm Texas and ATew Mexico, approved
August 2,1854, as includes the county of El Paso, m Texas,
be, and the same is heieby, lepealed.
Mr. HUNTER. That is right enough of itself,
but this is not the bill for it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GEYER. I have an amendment to offer
in behalf of the Judiciary Committee:
Tli.it the salary of the judge of the United State* district
court for the district of Michigan shall be $3,000 per annum,
from and after the passage of this act.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate will vote
down this amendment, and enable us to send the
bill to the House of Representatives.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senate has agreed to two
or three amendments recommended by the Judi-
ciary Committee, increasing the salaries of judges,
and I hope this will be treated in the same way.
It comcs from the same committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to renew an amend-
ment which I offered a while ago, in conformity
with the report of the Judiciary Committee:
And that the salary of the judge of the southern district
of California shall heieaftei be $4,000 per annum.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I move to amend
that amendment, by adding to it:
And that the sum of $'7,000 be paid to the district judge
of the northern district of California, fur compensation for
his services in reviewing the decisions of the commission
for the adjudication ot land titles in California.
When this amendment was offered on Saturday
evening, it was considered not strictly in order;
but 1 wish to appeal to the justice of the Senate
on this question. The present judge of the
northern district of California was appointed in
3^51. For a long time he pcrfoimed the duties
of both distiict and circuit judge for the whole
State of California. His salary was at first fixed
at$3,500 per annum. In addition to the ordinary
duties of district and circuit judge, he had thrown
on htm the review, by way of appeal, of all the
decisions of the commission established to adju-
dicate iancl titles. Up to 1855 lie performed these
duties at this small salary, so far as 1 have heard,
not only to the general but the universal satisfac-
tion of the bar and the whole country. This was
at a period when his salary affoided him only the
minimum of subsistence m San Francisco.
In 1855, his salary was raised to $5,000 a year,
which rate he is now receiving; but during four
years he performed all these arduous duties for
$3,500 a year. For the same period, the salary
of the district attorney was §12,000, he being
charged with the duty of attending to the land
commission, as well as to the district and circuit
courts. The commissioners appointed to serve
on the land commission received at first $G,000,
and afterwards $8,000 a year. In 1855, the Sen-
ate and House of Repiesentatives voted to the
district attorney, for these very services, an extra
compensation of §10,000, in addition to his salary
of $12,000 a year, and they had before allowed
him an assistant at a salary of $G,60O a year, for
the purpose of attending to these land claims.
The districtjudge, however, was permitted to pass
without any additional compensation, lie receiv-
ing only $3,500, being but one third of the salary
of the district attorney, the marshal, and the col-
lector of the port of San Francisco.
Fium what cause, originally, this extraordinary
difference of compensation arose, I am unable to
say. I should like to have my friend from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Weller] explain whether it was
because this gentleman u as appointed by a Whig
Administration. The Senator from California
spoke the other night of his not calling for the
appointment of a district judge in southern Cali-
fornia during a Whig Administration, because,
at that time, it was not desirable to have a judge
in that district. Probably no such consideration
governed in this case; but m fixing his salary ori-
ginally it was put at about one third of the sala-
ries of the other Federal olficers in California at
that time.
Mr. WELLER, I was not here, then.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I know my hon-
orable friend is not chargeable with it, but I allude
to it to show what might possibly have been the
reason which induced Congress to fix so low a
salary.
It may be said that the extra compensation
which I propose has not been recommended by
the Judiciary Committee. The question was be-
fore them. I have great respect for the judg-
ments of that committee generally; but for their
decision on this question, two years ago, I have
no manner of respect — none at all, except for
the motives of the honorable gentlemen. They
decided — what do you think, Mr. President?
Although it seemed to be just and reasonable that
this officer should receive this compensation, if
we maintained any proportion between the Fed-
eral office holders in that State, and although he
had discharged these extraordinary and laborious
duties to the general satisfaction of the country,
it was said by the committee to be a bad prece-
dent to pay judges for extra duties cast on them
by law, and the committee regarded it as a vio-
lation of the spirit and intention and scope of the
Constitution. The Constitution of the United
States provides that, the judges of the courts of
the United States shall hold their office during
good behavior, and shall receive, from time to
time, a stated compensation for their services,
which shall not be diminished during their con-
tinuance in office; and therefore, whether logical
or illogical, the Judiciary Committee concluded
thatit was unconstitutional to pay any extra com-
pensation for duties already performed. They
said that the provision that we could not diminish
the salary prevented us from paying for extra
services. We are also told that it was a bad pre-
cedent. In reply to this, we showed that it had
been the habit of Congress to pay extra compen-
sation to district judges in every one of the land
States where these land commissions had been
established—in Missouri, in Alabama, in Missis-
sippi, in Louisiana, and in Florida. Wherever
we charged these judges with the burden of ad-
judicating land titles or appeals from boards of
commissioners, we provided an extra compensa-
tion for them.
Mr. WELLER. I would say to my friend
from Tennessee that the same t^rinciple has been
adopted with regard to this very judge. Before a
judge was appointed in the southern district, the
duties of both districts were devolved on Judge
Hoffman, and he received, by a lav/ of Congres^k-
$1,500 in addition to his salary for performing
those duties. It is, therefore, too late now to raise
the constitutional question.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. No, sir; it is not
too late for an ingenious and acute lawyer to raise
it. It|s not too late for the exercise of ingenuity
on the part of those gentlemen who think the
Constitution is violated. I was asked to show
any case where extra compensation like this had
been granted. I pointed to all the land States
where land commissions like this had been estab-
lished. I was then asked to show any case where
the compensation was not granted at the time
when the new duties were cast upon the judge. I
was asked to show any case where Congress had
afterwards granted extra compensation. I have
not been able to find any such case, but I am told
by the honorable Senator fium Florida that he
believes such a case occurred in his State. Now,
see the deduction of gentlemen — how rational,
how just it is ! It is proper enough to vote extra
compensation to a district judge when you cast
on him additional duties; but suppose you omit
to do so by mistake, because your attention is not
called to the justice of it; the argument is, that
having faded to do so then, you cannot afterwards
rectify that mistake, that omission, by voting the
compensation at a subsequent time. I appeal to
the Senate whether such an argument is tenable,
whether it follows from the premises by any
logical course of reasoning known to the human
mind ? The argument is, that the Constitution
of the United States provides that the salary of
judges shall not be diminished, and therefore you
shall not pay extra compensation for extra duties.
Another argument is, that although we have been
in the habit of makingextracompensation to dis-
trict judges for such services, gentlemen do not see
any case where it was done subsequent to the
passage of the law making provision for the extra
duties. Of course, as it was not done in this par-
ticular case, it must be supposed to have been
