1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1045
agreed to increase the salary. I did not say to
him that they had put it in the shape of a report
or an amendment. I took it for granted that he
himself would confer with the committee on that
subject.
But there is a question of fact which the Chair
overlooked in deciding this question. Under the
rules and a resolution adopted at the last session,
all questions not then disposed of are pending
before the Senate now. If I am correctly in-
formed, at the last session of Congress the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary recommended an increase
of the present salary of this judge, and it passed
here and went to the House, and was there
stricken out. Under the rule to which I have
alluded, if I am not mistaken, one or two in-
creased compensations have already been made
on this^ bill. I may be mistaken in that, but I
am so informed. My object in rising, however,
was to put myself right in reference to the remark
of the Senator from California.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secretary
will read the amendment in its present shape.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
And that the salary of the judge of the southern district
of California shall hereafter be $3,500 per annum.
Mr. PUGrH. I was wrong in regard to the
amount. It should be $4,000. Let it be so
amended.
The amendment was so modified.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands that the Senator from New Hamp-
shire moves to amend this amendment by re-
ducing the sum to $3,500. The question is on
the amendment to the amendment.
The question being taken, on a division there
were—ayes 17, noes 10; no quorum voting.
Mr. WELLER. I call for the yeas and nays
on the amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to make one remark
in regard to the point of order. It is very un-
pleasant, Mr. President, when a gentleman maves
an amendment, for another gentleman to make a
point of order upon it, because it is considered as
an objection to that particular amendment, and is
almost considered as a personal matter. Now, I
understand the rule is, that all amendments shall
be recommended by a committee, or they are not
in order. Then, sometimes, the Chair is appealed
to whether it is out of order; and when it is ruled
by the Chair to be out of order, he puts the ques-
tion to the Senate whether they will not receive
it out of order. I wish to be understood as enter-
ing my protest to any future course of that kind.
We shall never get along with the business unless
we confine ourselves to the rules. We might as
well be without a rule on the subject if, by the
condescension of the Chair, the question is to be
put to the Senate, to be decided by them. We
shall have the same trouble to avoid which the
rule was formed. Under these circumstances, I
wish to bo understood as objecting entirely here-
after to any course of that kind.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bell of JVew Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Benjamin, Biggs, Clay, Collamer, Evans, Fes-
senden, Fiteli, Foot, Foster, Harlan, Huutei, lveison,
James, Johnson, Mason, Nouise, Hoi/!, Sebastian, Spward,
Slide!!, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, Trum-
bull, YVade, YVeller, Wilson, Wright, and Yulee— 3-3.
NAYS—Messis. Bigler, Cass, Fitzpatrjek, Geyer, Green,
Gwin, Houston, Jones of Iowa, Pratt, Push, and Rusk—1].
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. GWIN. I hope my colleague will with-
draw the amendment, or that otherwise the Sen-
ate will reject it.
Mr. WELLER. This places me certainly in
an unpleasant position. My colleague desires me
to withdraw the amendment, and I am satisfied
the salary ought to be increased. I really do not
comprehend my colleague.
Mr. JOHNSON". The Senator from California
can make a proposition making a different per
cent, between judges on the Pacific and the At-
lantic.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that the amendment cannot be with-
drawn.
The amendment was not agreed to; there being,
on a division, ayes fourteen, no%s not counted.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
a third time, and passed.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Webster,, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President of the United States
had approved and signed, on the 26th of Febru-
ary, the joint resolution to provide for ascertain-
ing the relative value of the coinage of the United
States find Great Britain, and the fixing the rela-
tive value of the unitary coins of the two coun-
tries; and the joint resolution to prevent, the coun-
terfeiting of the coins of the United States.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives agreed to the report of
the committee of conference upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.
614) making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1858.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed an enrolled bill making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty stipu-
lations with various Indian tribes, for the year
ending June 30, 1858; which was also signed by
the President pro tempore.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
A further message from the House of Repre-
sentatives, by Mr. Ccllom, their Clerk,announced
that the House agreed to the conference asked for
by the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (II. It. No. 636) making ap-
propriations for the service of the Post Office
department, during the fiscal year ending June
30,1858, and had appointed Mr. Henry Winter
Davis, Mr. Daniel Mace, and Mr. J. W. Den-
ver conferees on the part of the House.
SURPLUS REVENUE.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 816) to provide for
the deposit of the surplus in the Treasury of the
United States with the several States; which, on
motion of Mr. Hunter, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 616) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending 30th
June, 1858, to report it back with amendments,
and to ask for its immediate consideration. I
move to postpone all prior orders for the purpose
of taking it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded, as m Committee of the Whole, to
consider the bill.
The first amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was in page 2, line eleven, after the word
11 million," to strike out " $295,602," and insert,
" $550,002;" so that the clause will read:
For pay of the Army, three million five hundred and fifty
thousand and two dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I propose, for the pur-
pose of economizing time, relying upon the com-
mittee who have investigated properly all these
questions, that the amendments offered by the
Committee on Finance be read and acted upon
together.
Mr. HUNTER,. I will say that all the amend-
ments of the committee are amendments which
were addpted by the Committee of Ways and
Means of the House, and sent to me. Owing to
the rules of the House they could not be offered
in the manner in which the bill was passed there.
The amendments can be read; and any Senator
can except any one upon which he may desire a
separate vote. -
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
by the Senator from Kentucky that all the amend-
ments of the Committee on Finance be read and
acted on together, unless some one or more
should be excepted at the request of any Senator.
It requires unanimous consent. The Chair hears
no objection.
The amendments of the committee are:
On page 2, line thirteen, after the word "subsistence,"
strike out the words "six hundred and sixty-six," and in-
sert " nine hundred and ninety-nineso that the clause
will read:
For commutation of officers' subsistence, ,$999,201.
After line fourteen, on page 2, insert as follows:
For pay of officers of the Military Academy, ,f 1,680
For commutation of subsistence of officers of Military
Acade my, $1,022.
On page 7, after line one hundred and fifty-one, insert as
follows:
For machinery, tools, and fixtures, required for an arsenal
of construction at Fayetteviile, North Carolina, including
the cost of putting the machinery in place. .$50,3.10.
In line one hundred and sixteen, strike out" fifteen," and
insert " thirteen so that the clause will read:
For contingencies of the Army, $13,000.
Insert at the end of the bill the following:
For repairs of the Government bridge over Mill Creek,
Old Point Comfoit, Virginia, §800.
For rebuilding the barracks at Carlisle, Pennsylvania,
which were destroyed by fire on the 22d of Januarv, 1857,
$25,000. •' '
For the purchase of stores for the quarters of the officers
and soldiers of the Aimy, $-20,000.
For the puichase of iron bedsteads for the use of the
soldiers of the Army, $25,000.
To enable the Secretary of War to settle the accounta
of the thiee officers of the Anny who were sent to Europe
in the yoar 1855, to collect information on military affairs.
$4,607 29.
For the purpose of making further tests of gun metal for
heavy cannon, $25,000.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to offer some amend-
ments to this bill. I may be allowed to say that
no amendments were made to the Army bill last
year in consequence of the difficulty which then
existed between the Senate and the House of
Representatives, and that fact will impose upon
me the necessity of offering a number of amend-
ments to this bill at the present time. The first
amendment is to add at the end of the bill:
For supplying the Army and militia of the United States
with books of tactical instruction, and lules and regulations
for their efficiency and discipline, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.  
Mr. WELLER. The next amendment of the
committee is:
For payment of claims favorably reported on by the board
of Anny officers, appointed under the sixth section of the
act approved August 31, 1*852, in its report to Congress
dated December 5, 1854, $8,129 41.
These were claims submitted to the board-or-
ganized by Congress to examine the claims of
-Fremont and other Army officers. We have had
to abolish the court; but this amendment is to
pay the claims passed upon by that court.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. The next amendment of the
Committee on Military Affairs is to add:
For the compensation of the members of the board for
and during their term of two years and seven months' ser-
vice as such, at the rate of $1,500 each per annum, $11,625.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. Our next amendment is to
add: *
For payment of arrearage5! of salary duo to the late clerk
to the board, at the time it was dissolved, $2,655.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I have an amendment to offer
in regard to the Fayetteviile arsenal, but I under-
stand, from my friend from Virginia, that that is
, already provided for in the bill, and therefore I
will not offer it. The next amendment of the
Committee on Military Affairs is to insert at the
end of the bill:
For the extension of the United States arsenal at Benicia,
California, so as to render it a suitable arsenal of construc-
tion, $150,000.
That has been recommended for several years
by the Secretary of War^r-the conversion of the
arsenal at Benicia into an arsenal of construction.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER- I offer the following amend-
ment from the Committee on Military Affairs, to
be inserted at the end of the bill:
To enable the Secretary of War to purchase not exceed-
ing seven hundred and fifty-two thousand seven hundred
and fifty-one square feet of giound adjacent to the Wash-
ington Arsenal, and for the use thereof, at a price not
exceeding ten cents per foot, and for the purchase of the
iinpiovements upon said ground, and for the necessary
drainage of a part thereof, $80,450 10.
The amendment was agreed to.
