1048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
There are from one hundred and thirty to one
hundred and fifty officers now in the Army of
the United States, who, from various causes, are
incapacitated from performing duty, and in my
judgment they ought to be retired. It is very
hard,indeed, that the GovernmcntshouId be com-
pelled to pay this large number of officers full pay,
when they are unable to do any duty. At all
events, I offer the amendment for the considera-
tion of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator from Cal-
ifornia will not offer such a bill as that as an
amendment to an appropriation bill. It will take
too much time to consider it. We have barely
time to make the appropriations for the Army
without putting legislation on this bill.
Mr. WELLER. The Senate can make what-
ever disposition they please of the amendment;
I have felt it my duty, as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to offer it. If any
officer be incapacitated for the performance of
duty because of vicious habits, the amendment
provides that the President shall institute a court-
martial to try him under the regulations of the
Army. It provides that no officer shall be dis-
missed from service otherwise than by the judg-
ment of his peers.
The amendment was read, as follows:
*4nd be it further cnuctetl, Tiiat if any commissioned offi-
cei of the Aimy or Marine Oorp^ shall have become incapa-
ble of peifonmng the duties of in* oihee, by lea^m ol ago,
the ieailt of many years nt laithiui *eivjce, or by wounds
received in the line of duty, or by disability, caused by
exposure in service, he shall be placed upon a tetued h-t,
and withdrawn from active service awl command, with the
pay proper ot the lu«iicst u>nk heid by bun at the time,
whethei by fetal)*, resuuonul, or brevet comrm-Mon, ami the
service rations to which he may then be entitled, but with-
out any other allowances; and tHe officer next in rank shall
be promoted to the place of the n-liied office*, accoulmg
to the heretofore established iule of the -eiviec. And the
same rub; of promotion shall be applied .-ucce^ively to the
vacancies consequent upon ttie letircmcnt ot an officer as
herein piuvidcd.
She. —. *.1nd be it further enacteJ, That to carry out the
provisions of tins a<n whenever any oiiiert of the \tmy,
or Maui'.c Oorp-, who ni.iy be jni\i;j.u-iui>';j, a-, berrtoioi'e
rceiled, sb ih v.dunf.inlv epply n> lie iPt.red from ect.ve -er-
viee. 01 on br-ni  ordered M p'-r.onsi Hie duties npm<«)urife
to bis eomtm--ion shall j f-poi r huri-ilt unable to ronijdv
with MH'h ord°r. or whenever, jn the judgment of I ho Vi ev-
ident of the {'nited an officer of hie Army, or Ma-
firte (Jorp->, shad have become, in any way, incapacitated i
from perioirnu!.',' tlu- dune. of hi- uiiiec, the President, at !
hi* di-eiouon, -hall direct the c> •< ictaij or Warm tiie ca<e !
of an Anny officer, or the f? -cret«uv of th<> Navy m the ca-e |
of an officer of the Mannr Torp-, to icfei the ea-e of &ucli !
olficei to an Army 01 Maune boaid. to be composed of not !
iiiruetban thirteen noi less'ban-even eomeu-vioi>ed otii- i
cers, to be detailed fioni tho-c of supeuor lank to him [i
who.>e ea<e is under eoifsidrMtiou. a* tai a^ !>;-• rnade and ij
the inteics-t of the -service vu!l peumt. And the Taid boaid ll
shall determine up« n the ea->e refened to theni ; <\:kl their P
opinion thereon, with a record of the piocedmss. .-hahbe !l
transmitted to the riretetai> of War. or A~a\ v, a"> the ea>e <!
may be. to be laid before the tV^d-V k « hi- ar.pioval o 'i
disapproval, ft. in the judgment of iua b >.\id, the officer !:
be considered incapacitated lor active pciviep, the bond j|
will n poit whether, m th< ir opm.Mii, t!>e di-abihn was oc- !t
cUvsiofied by a£f>. the lesult or nrinv' \ en--/ taith<u! service, !'
by wounds lecelved in tne lih" of du-v. oj bv eApoan-e jjl '■!
service, 01 win tin r t.ie di-anui.y j< w be rtaced to vieious j!
habits, or to o\po>nio unconnected with olueial dutv. j f, ;|
in their judgment, the dHabilit;, \va< meuued in the hue of I'
duty, and the Pre-ident appiove f-iu-h judgment, the dt<- !!
abled officer shall thereupon be p';«ped upon The li-t of!'
retired officers, according to tne pio' i of t'ns set; but ';
if the boaid are of opmio'n that the du-abihn was the result i'
of vicJOU-> habit*, or of exp.osnre nneouijected with ofhcinl j
fy? * ~en ^le President shall pieeeed to uidei a court-mar- j'
tial, before whom lie &h.ill be tried in < onrornnfr widi the
rules anil regulations of the Army, 01 Na\ v, now in ioice, ;i
the ease may be. 'It
^1 'r ~~ be it Jurllwr cnadc-t. The.t wh^ncwr the !,
I resi.( '"it '.'ul deem a advisable to c.tu^e an officer, v.'lio 1
has b''M n withdrawn fioni active -ervice and U'tifod'trom ii
ilie hoc of jnoujotion, a', heiciii jtro\wled, f) be placed on
it \ |"'i nic<niipatibie wuh m-^ condition, f-ncli oshcer ■ ■
' he maybe 'o «-iiip!- y d be entitled to aii ;l
wanees ot the giado with winch he was '•
:ee. j:
. d.id he it f-irfiicr enacted, That dunna two yoar^ !
aftM the pa-a^o ot flu- act offices may be placed on tho n
ictiicd l^i..i«*tt'r winch l.me -io mote otheeisshall b" placed
on the retired Ji&t without fuit.ier authorny of luw. ' i|
Mr. C£IIT i . It is quite obvious that
this is not an appropriation, and is not proper fof -
an appropriation bill. The provisions of this !'
amendment may be altogether proper in them-!;
selves, but stiiviy they urc hot germane to this i'
bilh The amendment contain^ a new subject, a!1
difierent subject altc^uther, upon which we ought j|
not to oet in this hasty way. I hope the amend-1;
ment will not be adopted. ii
Mr. BENJAMIN. We once got into a diili-l'
cuky, which I presume is very fresh in the rec- ii
olieciion of every member of the Senate in creatine ii
any
r-halljbr H
the pav and a!
H-tjrrd fiom =er^:e
a retired list for the Navy. I, for myself, utterly
protest against voting on this amendment unless
it is either printed onread half a dozen times, that
I may know what it is.
Mr. WELLER. This measure has been be-
fore Congress ever since I have been a member
of the Senate. It has been printed and laid on
the tables of Senators. The only difference be-
tween this measure and similar ones heretofore
reported is this—and a very important difference
it is—it obviates the difficulty which grew out of
the bill providing for a retired list in the Navy.
Mr. RENJAMIN. I do not think anything
the Senator could say would satisfy me about this
amendment, for I certainly should wish to read
it, and understand it before I voted.
Mr. WELLER. T hope the Senate will not
vote down this amendment, because the Senator
i from Louisiana has not taken tnne to read the
bill, of which it is almost a copy, for five years.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope all those who un-
derstand it will vote for it, and then I venture to
say there will be but one vote for it in the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. I rise to a question of order.
Can we legislate for the whole Army on an ap-
propriation bill ? I am not very good on points
of order myself, but I think this is clearly not
within the rule.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WELLER. My next amentment is to
insert:
Tli.it the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, author-
ized  ml diiected to audit and settle the accounts of the
Tenitorv of Utah the United States, for moneys
advanced and paid bylhat Torritoiym suppressing Indian
hostilities theiem m the vearleiU : Proudal. The amount
herein pinvided for shall not exceed the sum of §76,017 40,
and the -aid fnnclaiy shall be satisfied that the said amount
is propel ly chargeable to the United States.
This is to reimburse the Territory of Utah
monoy already paid for the supplies of troops
called into service to repel invasions of the In-
dians. I believe my friend from Tennessee,
IMr. .Tonts,] who is a member of the Committee
lj on Military Aftens, examined the account, and
il was satisfied of jf* correctness; in other words,
! he was satisfied that the Governor had incurred
| this expense, and that it was a necessary one.
i We simply propose to reimburse the Territory.
Mr. HUNTER. Who called these troops into
service ?
| Mr. WELLER. The Governor of Utah, as ■
; military commander of the Territory. i
| Mr. HUNTER. Are we to pay the expenses !
j of all troops called out by Governors? j
j _ Mr. WELLER, There were no Federal troops j
i in Utah at the tune. I assume that it is the duty i
I of the Federal troops to give protection to the j
j people of a Territory. That protection was not i
provided. The Indians committed depredations !
\ on the people, and the- Governor was compelled ;
I to call out the militia for the purpose of putting |
down the disturbance. I aslc on what principle
of justice eon you refuse to pay this expense ? If '
the Federal troops had been within striking dis-
tance, and had been called on, they would of
course have gone into the service; but not being
there, the Governor of the Territory was com-
pelled to call oat the militia.
Mr. IVERSON. I will state a precedent for
the information of the Senator from Virginia.
In 1836^ a portion of the Creek Indians residing
in the State of Alabama, broke out in open hos-
tilities, and committed serious depredations on ;
the people of Alabama, and the frontier settle- !
ments of Georgia. The Governor of Georgia,
driven by the eXigereues of the moment, called
out several volunteer companies to repel the in-
cursions of the Indians, and subsequently the
Legislature of Georgia oassed an act to pay the
troops so called out. Since then the Congress of
the United States has passed an act to reimburse ,
the State of Georgia.
-Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Th  militia were ,!
called out by the Governor in this Territory, for
the purpose of suppiessing Indian hostilities. \
The vouchers before the committee, I think, are |j
ample to sustain the claim of payment by the :!
territorial government for these advances. The
amendment does not provide that themoney shall !
be paid until the final adjudication by the Secre-
tary of War upon the vouchers showing the ;t
actual expenditure of the money. If they did !
expend the nioney, they ought to have it back, !•
and if they did not expend it properly and legally, ■'
they are not entitled to it, and cannot get it under
this amendment.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. CLAY. Before the vote is taken, I wish
to ask a question of the Senator from Tennessee,
or the Senator from California. What Governor
was it that issued these orders?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Governor of
the Territory, Brigham Young, I suppose; but it
is immaterial who the Governor was.
Mr. CLAY. When did this occur?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. In 1853.
Mr. CLAY. Was he at that time Governor
de jure? Was he not merely the acting Gov-
ernor?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There has never
been any other Governor there, that I am aware
of,
Mr. CLAY. I think Colonel Steptoe was ap-
pointed Governor.
Mr. WELLER. Theseexpenses were incurred
in 1853, before any effort was made to supersede
Governor Young-. Under this amendment,unless
the money has been actually and properly ex-
pended, not a single dollar of it will ever go to the
Territory of Utah, The amendment authorizes
' the Department to inquire into these accounts,
and, of course, if the militia were improperly
called into service, or if the money was not ex-
pended, nothing will be paid under this amend-
ment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 22; as follows:
NAYS—Me^rs. l'ell of Tennessee, Bigler, Crittenden,
Pitch, Fitzpatiickj Foster, Green, flouMon, I verc*on, John-
sou, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mailory, Seward,
Stuart, Toombs, Wcller, Wright, and Yulee—19.
NAYS—iMossrd. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Benja-
min, Bi££-4, Brodhead, Brown, Clay, Douglas, Evans, Fes-
•spndf-n, Fiilu Hunter, Mason, Nour^e, pcarce, Pn<rh, Reid,
Slide!!, Thompson of Kentucky, Trumbull, Wade, and
Wilson—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WELLER. I oifer another amendment:
-2m/ be i/ further enacted, That the s?ecrr,tai*y of War bo,
i[ and he i< hereby, autlmuzed and Hnected to settle the ae-
' tual and neept-niy incurred by the irnhtia called
into &ei\ic<'m the Trrntoiy of New Mexico by the acting
] Goveinoi Mer-srivy in the y.-.tr 1A3J, to Indian
\ ho<nhnn>! in <nd Tciutoiy, upon the pic>entation by the
i Governor of ban! Temtoiy to the raid Socretarv of a full,
| acematc, and detailed connate or statement of'thc actual
I and ncuos-cn'-y expenses mcmred by f-aicl militia, aceom-
! pamed bypiopoi vouchers mid soTisfa^toiv ptoof of the
• correctness theteof, authenticated in conformity with the
i iwt^es of the Impairment, and that the sum of $d3.D00 be,
( and tli2 same i<? hereby, appiopuated out of any money m
; the Treasury riot othet wi-e appiopnatcd, to carry the pro-
vi^ons of thh section mto el^ct.
' Mr
I hope some explanation
BENJAMIN.
will be sriveti of that.
Mr. WELLER. I think the amendment ex-
plains itself; at all events it states the facts e.or-
reotly. In 1854, under the direction of the acting
Governor a considerable number of troops were
called into service for the purpose of putting down
Indian disturbances. T'he amendment simply
proposes—and if the Senator had noticed its
phraseology he would have seen that it is well
guarded—that the Secretary of War shall exam-
ine into the accounts, and if satisfied that the
'expenses were just and necessirv, they shall be
paid within a certain limit, ££5,000. That is the
whole of it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Who is to examine ?
Mr. WELLER. The Secretary of War.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Wh^tisthc amount of the
appro]")!iation ?
Mr. W ELL Ell. Nnt to exceed twenty-five
thousand dullars.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I oiler anotho r amendment:
«.•? <•/1 c it fjirf't.er enacted. That the Secretary of War lie,
and he hereby, authon/.c.d am! required to cau^e to be
audited nnd ^e!tl'-d the accounts of the Rate of Flouda
•tgam-ttbe United rIiat<,-> lor moiiej advanced by that State
in [Moment m vnSuntei')< called into s'M vice far the snp-
pie^ion of Indian ho tih*i< & in 1^49 and lo.'VS : Proiidcd,
It .-hall ho ,-an>iaeton!y diown that >uid claims have bccii
actually .iibtwcd and paid by the  rtatc.
Mr. JONES, of Trnnesseo. I have no doubt
that this is fair enough; but I .appeal to the jus-
tice of the Senate why they malic an exception
of tho Territory of Utah, and then allow New
Mexico and Florida,and other States and Terri-
tories, to have these accounts adjudicated. la it
fair? The people of Utah unfortunately ivrc Mor-
mons; but we arc not legislating on that subject.
