1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
We are to legislate for justice andfairriess. When
they ask to be put on precisely the same footing
with Florida and New Mexico, you vote down
the one, and put in the other.
Mr. WELLER. This amendment simply pro-
poses to reimburse the State of Florida the amount
of money advanced by that State in the suppres-
sion of Indian hostilities. I have the account in
my hand, under the broad seal of the State.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I have one more amendment:
For the erection and completion of the water sheds at the
Springfield armory, $70,895.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. It affords me very great pleas-
ure to say to the Senate that I am through with
my amendments.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I congratulate the
chairman of the committee that he has done; and
now I beg leave to offer an amendment, by au-
thority of the Committee on Military Affairs, It
is the only one I shall offer. It is:
And be it further enacted, That the President be, and he
is hereby, authorized to accept the tender, by the Slate of
Tennessee, of live hundred acres of the lesidence of An-
drew Jackson, deceased, including the mansion, tomb, and
other improvements, known as the Hermitage, lor the pur-
pose of establishing there a branch of the Mditary Academy
of the United States.
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in order to estab-
lish on the site thus tendered and accepted a military school,
the President be3 and he is hereby, authorized to prepare
and report to the next Congress an estimate and plan in
detail in regard to the needful buildings and the organiza-
tion of such military school, including the number of pupils,
the mode of appointment, the pei lod of probation, the reg-
ulations foi their government, provision for then mainte-
nance, and the teims 011 which they shall be appointed
cadets of the United States Aimy.
Sec. —. Jlnd be it J urther enacted, That the sum ofj$5,000,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, is hereby appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appiopnated, to enable the President to carry into effect
the provisions of these sections.
Mr. HUNTER. This is certainly a matter for
separate legislation. It is a very much contro-
verted matter whether we shall have two Military
Academies—one at West Point, and one at some
other place. It is a question that cannot be de-
termined now in the little time left to us on this
appropriation bill. I hope the Senator from Ten-
nessee will not press it here.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not see any
more appropriate place for it. This is the mili-
tary appropriation bill, as I understand. Here
is a tender by the State of Tennessee to the Gov-
ernment of the United States of five hundred
acres of land for this purpose. It is a simple
question for the Senate to say whether they will
accept it or not. We are not here as pensioners
asking for anything. We propose to donate to
the Government of the United States the Hermit-
age, if they choose to accept it as a branch of the
Military Academy. So far as I am concerned,I
do not care whether you accept it or not. I am
simply carrying out the behests of my State. If
I were the State of Tennessee, I never would
have made the offer; but I am simply discharging
my duty. It is for every Senator to decide for
himself whether this offer shall be accepted or
not. I ask that the report of the committee in the
case be read, and on that I am willing to rest.
Mr. YULEE. I would suggest to the Senator
from Tennessee that his object can be attained by
taking a vote on this amendment when the bill
shall be reported to the Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I want it taken
here.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, 011 th#12th of Feb-
ruary:
The Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred
the message ofthe Piesident of the United States, commu-
nicating the act ofthe Legislature of Tennessee, respecting
the purchase ofthe " Hermitage." for the purpose of tender-
ing it to the Government of the United States to be used as
a site foi a branch ofthe Military Academy at West Point,
having had the same under consideration, report:
The President communicates to the Senate the letter of
the Governor of the State of Tennessee, dated Nashville,
December 16,1853, coveting a copy of the act of the Legis-
lature ofthe Sute, passed February 11,1856, in which the
Legislature tender* to the Government five hundred acres
of land of the late residence of ex-President Jackson, de-
ceased, including the mansion, tomb, and other improve-
ments, known as the " llcimitage," upon the condition that
it be used by the Government as a site for a branch of the
Mihtaiy Academy at West Point.
The State of Tennessee, with patriotic liberality, pur-
chased from its late proprietor, at a cost of $43,000, '• five
hundred aeres"of the homestead of the late General Jack-
son, with a view of tendering the same to the United States
upon the terms and conditions.mentioned in said act, pro-
vided the same be accepted within two years from the
expiration of the session of the Legislature at winch the act
was passed. So that it only remains for Congress to accept
this munificent offer ofthe State within the time specified,
or to refuse to second the effort of that State to establish
within its limits a branch of an institution which has long
served to furnish to our Army many of its best officers—to
our county some of its brightest ornaments.
The United States Military Academy at West Point was
established by act of Congress in 1802; and as then consti-
tuted, with but little increase in its accommodations, or m
the number of its officers or professors, has continued for
fifty-five years, under the fostering care ofthe Government,
to supply to our Army young officers well skilled in such
brandies of military education as render them efficient for
the discharge of such duties as necessarily devolve upon
them under their commissions.
All who admit the necessity which suggested the estab-
lishment of West Point Acadcmy more than half acentury
ago, with our infant Army and limited territory, must
readily acknowledge that our Army, now spread over thou-
sands of miles, and our almost unlimited territory, loudly
call for a commensurate increase in that institution, by es-
tablishing branches of it in other section? of the country.
West Point has long since ceased to be an experiment;
it now numbers among its alumni some of our most distin-
guished statesmen, citizens,.Army officers, and Cabinet
ministers; and the success of our arms in the several wars
in which we have been engaged has been owing, in a great
degree, to the superior skill of our engineers, to whose plans
of campaign may be attributed the brilliant victories which
have ever perched upon our banners. The Legislature of
Tennessee, aware of the great advantages of this institution
to the country, desire to extend its usefulness by locating a
branch of it within their State, and, with that view, propose
to donate to the United States that beautiful spot, the late
residence of the distinguished ex-President Jackson, em-
bracing, within its five hundred acres, his mansion, tomb,
&c.—a place remarkable not only for beauty and delight-
fulness of its situation, but also admirable for its salubrity
and its unexampled adaptation for the purposes for which
it w now proffered to the Government.
The State of Tennessee, filled with admiration of and
veneration foi the character of the hero who rendeied buch
important services to his country, in the time of danger, as
did the immortal Jackson, desire to perpetuate his name
upon the spot wheie he lived, and where his remains now
rest, by crccting over the ashes of that wonderful man a
monument of which not only Tennessee may be justly
proud, but which the world may admire.
The committee, thcrefoie, highly appreciating the motives
which prompted the State of Tennessee to make this liberal
•tender to the Government, and beiievingthat the best inter-
ests of th e country require that a branch of th e Military Acad-
emy at West Point should be established at the " Hermit-
age," report a bill authorizing the President to accept the
donation upon the terms and conditions proposed.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not know how I might
vote on this as a separate measure, but I am not
willing, in this hasty manner, to bind the United
States to put up a new military school at this
place. I uo not know whether it would be good
policy to have two military academies. It has
been suggested to me that this would be a good
location for a school of cavalry, but whether it
would or not requires examination. I do not pledge
myself on that question, but I am unwilling to
vote for it as an amendment to this bill without
examination. It is a question that may have
large consequences to the Army. The establish-
ment of two military schools might be very pre-
judicial. If it were an independent establish-
ment, a mere school of cavalry, I do not know
but that it might be well. I should like to have
time to consider it. I am told, however, we must
act now, because the Legislature of Tennessee
will meet before our next session; but surely we
should have time to consider and digest some
plan.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think the fears
of my friend from Virginia are altogether ground-
less, as he will find if he will examine for a
moment the measure proposed by the committee.
It simply provides for the acceptance of the
"Hermitage" as a donation. It does not commit
the Government to any plan whatever. The
Government may make a branch school there.
It may make a preparatory school. It may make
a school for artillery. It may do fifty different
things; but it is not committed to any one of them.
The amendment simply responds to the action
of the Legislature of Tennessee in tendering
this property to the General Government, and
directs the President to have the subject investi-
gated by the meeting of the next Congress, and to
report what disposition can be made of it. Our
Legislature meets in October. It agreed to this
proposition a year ago last February; and the
question is, whether its offer is to be treated with
silence ? I hope the Senate will dispose of it one
way or the other. If they think it is the interest
of this Government to accept the donation, and
hold control over the tomb of this distinguished
man, and make there a branch school for the
training of artillery or cavalry, or anything else
they please, I hope the Senate will not hesitate a
moment about it.
Mr HOUSTON. It seems to me that the first
consideration which presents itself on this ques-
tion is, has the Government any use for this dona-
tion ? is it politic to accept it ? is there any object
in doing it ? If there is, it will then be proper for
the Senate to consider the question. I deem it
one of the most important propositions that has
ever been presented to this body. I think no one
involving more weighty considerations could be
brought forward than the attempt to accept this
donation for the purpose contemplated by the
Legislature of Tennessee. If it be accepted by
the Government of the United States, there will
be an implied obligation to carry out the views
suggested by the State of Tennessee in present-
ing it. The subject involves more considerations
than present themselves to the eye at first sight.
Before the Senate involve themselves in this ques-
tion, it is proper to look at the subject in all ita
bearings. Its consideration will require ample
discussion when Congress shall have sufficient
leisure to consider it. For this reason I hope
the Senate will not now, at this period of the ses-
sion, commit this Government by the acceptance
of this donation.
I shall not go into the views which this prop-
osition suggests to my mind. I shall not depict
the consequence which would follow if the sug-
gestions of the State of Tennessee were carried
out, because the time will not permit me to do so.
I have the highest veneration for the individual
whose home occupies a place in this donation.
No man has higher reverence for his memory. -I
am sure that if he had been consulted during his
lifetime, he would have given this measure his
veto. He had too much regard for the harmony
ofthe country to contribute to anything that would
lead to discord. I see ten thousand e^'ils that may
result from this measure at a future day, if it be
now carried out. I cannot vote for, it. I think it
should not be proposed now when there is no
opportunity to discuss it fairly and fully in all its
bearings. I surely have no prejudice against any-
thing that would contribute to honor the memory
of the great hero; but I have a regard for the
living and the future. Whilst I reverence and
revere the memory of the dead, I regard the forth-
coming millions of the United States.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Ithink,sir,nosuch
dangers as are in the mind of my honorable friend
from Texas need be apprehended from the accept-
ance of this proposition of the State of Tennessee.
We may in our imaginations picture some evils
that may result in the future; but I think Con-
gress may well accept this donation. If it does,
the whole subject will be in its control, as to the
character of the school, and the objects for which
it shall be sustained hereafter, if it be thought
proper to sustain it at all. That will be within
the discretion of the next Congress, deliberating
upon the objects which the Legislature of Ten-
nessee seem to have had in contemplation. If,
"on examination, Congress finds that it is likely
to be mischievous, some other disposition can be
made of it, or it can revert to the State of Ten-
nessee. This is an appropriation of only $5,000,
accompanied with a direction to the proper De-
partment to submit a plan at the next session. I
conceive that every question, however delicate
and important, of the description alluded to by
my friend from Texas, will be under our consid-
eration during the next Congress. I see no reason
why we should refuse this application at present.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. BRODHEAD. As the yeas and nays are
to be called upon this measure, and it is a very
important one, I desire, in a few words, to assign
the reasons why I cannot vote for it. The prop-
osition is made by the State of Tennessee to grant
this property to the United States for the puipose
of having a branch of the Military Academy es-
tablished upon it. What, sir; have two armies
educated for this country, one against the other!
Already®we have sectional feeling enough in our
country. If we establish in the southern country,
as the State of Tennessee proposes, a branch of
the West Point Military Academy, will not all
the southern young men be educated at that place'
It may be said this does not follow; but it wilt
follow. I fear the result in this particular. lam
