1050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
opposed to anything which looks like establish-
ing sectional schools. We have now a Military
Academy at the North and a Naval Academy at
the South. I am about as much with the southern
people as almost anybody in the North that I
know of on the subject of slavery; but I am op-
posed to educating a sectional army.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 do not mean to
debate this question. I cannot be driven into that
now; but I wish to say to the Senator from Penn-
sylvania that he cannot go further than I will to
avoid the very difficulty which he suggests. No
friend of this measure contemplates any such
thing. On the contrary, we desire to make it
operate precisely the reverse. We do not desire
to make two sectional schools. Suppose you were
to send all the boys from the North and South
there for two years, and then send them all to
West Point in the North to finish their course:
would that be sectional? Would it not be one of
the most national things that could be done? It
doesnotfollow, of course,that this would be done.
You may take men from the North and South,
East and West, and send them there to train
cavalry and buy horses. You have to buy horses
in that neighborhood now. My constituents do
not ask for anything sectional. They are Union-
Joving people, who will stand by the Union as
long as their rights are respected, hut no longer.
Mr. NOURSE. As I understand this matter,
we shall, by the acceptance of this offer upon the
terms on which it is made, pledge ourselves to the
establishment of a branch of the Military Acad-
emy in Tennessee. Those gentlemen whose
minds are made'up on that subject, and who are
satisfied that that will be good* policy, may well
vote for the amendment; but 1 have not had time
to form any such conclusion, and, therefore, I
must vote against it.
Mr. WELLER. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, 1 agreed to this prop-
osition. I am exceedingly anxious, as an Amer-
ican, that the FedetalGovcmnientshouldbecome
the owner of the Hcimifage. The evils to which
the Senator from Pennsylvania alludes, can be
properly spoken of when we come to digest some
plan for the establishment of an academy there.
Suppose, for instance, you were to have a branch
of the Military Academy at the flenmtage, and
were to pass a law that no one. should go there
but northern students, and that no one should go
to the West Point Academy except southern stu-
dents; we know very well that we get rid of our
prejudices against each other by coming in con-
tact. Some such system as that might be adopted,
so that your northern students would be educated
at the southern academy, and the southern stu-
dents at the northern academy, thus breaking
down that sectional feeling which too often dis-
turbs the peace and harmony of the country. It
is well known that at West Point there is not
ground enough for cavolry. Plenty of ground
the last man to vote for a measure that may be
pernicious to my country when no positive good
can be shown. Washington's tomb is private
property, and Congiess has refused to purchase
it. He was the greatprccursor of Jackson. That
being the case, I am not willing to agree to this
proposition. Its rejection cannot be considered
disrespectful to the State of Tennessee. She
stands above rebuke; she stands high and pre-
eminent among the States. I honor her for her
chivalry, for her high position in the States, for
her loyalty, for her patriotism; but I do not think
this is necessary to round off her glory, or that it
should culminate in eft) act which, I say, if adopted,
will destroy the country.
Mr. WELLER. I do not apprehend any of
the dangers that the Senator from Texas seems
to imagine. If this amendment be adopted, the
effect is simply to accept this generous present
that has been made by the State of Tennessee,
and the President will send officers to make a
survey, and they will report to the next session
of Congress a plan for the establishment of a
school. If Congress at that time think it inex-
pedient to adopt the plan, or fear that any of the
evils of which the Senator speaks would result,
they would not adopt any plan, and the property
would revert to the State of Tennessee, and the
Federal Government would lose $5,000. That is
the whole of it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Bell ofTennp^ee, Riggc, iSrmvn, Clay,
Crittenden, Douslas, Evans, Fitzpatrick," Green, Iver.son,
Johnson, Jones or*Tennessee, Mullory, Pu^lt, Keid, Sebas-
tian, Slulell, Suuut, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs,
Weller, and Yulee— 22.
NTAYS— Musms. Bell of New Hampshire, Benjamin,
Brodhead. Duiker, Fesocmien, Fish, Fitch, Foot, Foster,
llaiian, Houston, Hunter, IMa^on, jVours-e, Sowaid, Tfrom-
sonof Now Jersey, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and Wright
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I am sorry to inform the Sen-
ate that 1 find I am charged by the Committee on
Military Afftirs with still another amendment.
The eleventh section of the civil appropriation
act of 1856 pro\ided
"That the rfeci^taiy of War hv directed to examine into
the amount of ncrossariiy incurred in the &up-
pies.Mon of Jndian humilities m the iate Indian wai in Ore-
gon and H'a-lmii,rton hy the territorial governments of said
Territouos for the maintenance of the volunteer*, and that
lie may, if m 1m judgment it be nccessary, appoint a com-
mission of thiee to proceed to ascertain and report the facts
to linn for the puipose above specified."
Those commissioners were sent out to Oregon
and Washington; and now I offer this amend-
ment to cover their expenses:
Jlnd he it further cnoctcd, That the Secretaiy of War be
authorized and directed to pay to the commissioners ap-
pointed by him under the piovisions of the eleventh sec-
tion of an act " making appropriations for certain civil
cxpom-o^ of the Government for the year ending the 30tli of
June, 3 857." approved August J 8,1856, such sum of money
for their seivice and expenses as lie may deeni reasonable
can be round at the Hermitage, and it is m one of j [ and just; Provided, Tnc same does not exceed in the ag-
the best sections of the Union for the purchase of
horses. I have no doubt that a plan can be adopted
hereafter which will promote the general interests
of the whole Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Senator from Califor-
nia has satisfied me, by the suppositions which he
has presented to the Senate, that my views in re-
lation to this matter werecorrect. There appears
to be no definite course of action in relation to
this property if we accept it. There is no plan
designated, no regulated system, by which Con-
gress is to be governed. We are now merely to
accept the donation, and hereafter v/c arc to in-
quire what is to be done with it. It seems to
me that in order to determine, in the first place,
whether it is politic to accept it, we should ascer-
tain what is to bo done with it. I say to-day,
that if it bo aceepf-Ml by the Government of the
United States, it will be, in my opinion, to the
United States what the Grecian horse was to
Tioy. It will be introducing elements of destruc-
tion to the country.
grt^ule the sum of $12,000.
| The amendment was agreed to.
| Mr. IVERSON. i am authorized by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to offer this amendment;
! Foi the purpose of carr\mg into effect the joint resolution
| entitled < A joint refolntion dnertm^ the payment of certain
1 volunteers and militia under the limitations therein pre-
! seabed.'' approved August 8,1^-13, so much money as will
j be sufficient to pay said volunteers who have not been paid,
i not exceeding £4;0<;0.
! The amendment was agreed to.
: The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
' Mr. WELLER. If any Senator desires a sep-
arate vote on any amendment,'he can designate
it, and let tho vote be taken on concurring m the
; other amendments made as in Committee of the
| Whole.
. _ Mr. TOOMBS. I offer an amendment, to come
; in as an additional section:
i ~ind be if fudher_cnacfcd, That the joint resolution, ap-
: proved Fehjuaiy to, "authouzmg the Pretidrnt of
The courteous reieetiovi nf i' ^aed States to eonfu- the tit le of Leiifnant gtneia]
ii ;0 .-.A *"n tu* .i i 11 by brevet,35 shall be so construed, liom and alter March 29,
it is no disi expect to the memoi y of the man whom , 1847, m favor of the brevet lieutenant general appointed
it is intended to honor. He stands above the ij under f-aiU act, while c^orei-ing command aocoidnig to that
adventitious aids of legislative action. This ! rank, as to entitle him to the pay, allowances, and s-talf,
nation can accord to him no higher honor than his !i the °[{}u- act approved May 28,
own gallant deeds have already secured to him. |;
tie needs no adventitious old to commemorate his j; turn of the act approve,} August ■>3, lsi-2, '■ artdi-
name as long as ages shall roll on, or fsiovy be i1 tional rations to certain ullk-eisProvided, iio.iw.a:r. wi<?
admired, or moral worth be regarded. I would |That the brevet lieutenanrgeuf'taUIiail
be the liret man to honor him, but I would be ij ^Ke^«toy.W"' tomm> " tW°
Mr. CLAY. I object to it, and raise this point
of order, that it does not come from any commit-
tee of the Senate, and is a private claim.
Mr. TOOMBS. My reply is that it is within
the 30th rule of the Senate, because it is to carry
out an existing law. It is explanatory of another
act. The rule is:
" No amendment proposing additional appropriations
shall he received to any general appropriation hill unless it
be made to cairy out the provisions of &onie existing law,
or some act or resolution previously passed by the Senate
during that session, or moved by direction of a Handing or
select committee of the Senate.'5
There is an existing law, of which this is ex-
planatory, and therefore it is within the identical
words of the rule. Whether it is a public or pri-
vate claim makes no difference, because it is to
carry out an existing law.
Mr. CLAY. In reply to the Senator I deny
that it is to carry out the provisions of any ex-
isting law; and when the question comes before
the Senate, I think I can show that, so far from
carrying out the provisions of an existing law, it
appears on the very face of the proposition that
it does no such thing, but provides additional
pay not contemplated or provided by any exist-
ing law.
. Mr. TOOMBS. The gentleman only means to
say that it does not carry out an existing law as
he understands it. It does carry out the provis-
ions of atawas I understand it. The object is to
get the understanding of the Senate, which is ex-
actly within the rule.
Mr. CLAY. It has been adjudicated at the
Department.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is the very reason it is
here.
Mr. CLAY. The gentleman proposes to con-
strue the law differently from what it has been
construed by the executive department.
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly; that is exactly the
reason for it.
Mr. CLAY. And it goes further, as i shall
undertake to show, and provides pay not allowed
under any law—not under the law of 1798, or any
subsequent act.
Mr. TOOAIHS. That may be a very good
argument when tho question comes up for decis-
ion, but it is not applicable to the point of order.
Mr. CLAY. I raise the question of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. As the Chair
reads the amendment, it is declaratory of the pro-
visions of an existing law. The 30th rule says
it shall not be received unless it be to carry out
the provisions of some existing law. The amend-
ment reads that the act recited in it shall be so
construed as to entitle the lieutenant general to
certain pay and allowances. The Chairconsiders,
and so decides, that it is within the rule, because
it is to carry out the provisions of an existing law.
Mr. CLAY. I except to the decision of the
Chair, and ask for its submission to the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is: " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate
Mr. CLAY called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 31, nays 12 \ as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire. Fell of* Ten-
nessee, Benjamin, Biajrs, l>igIer,C!nllamor.Oiiitenueii, Fo*-
senden, Fis-b, Foot, Foster, Gwin, Hale- [farJan, Houston,
Jones of Tennessee, Nou'rse, I'earce, Husk, Sebastian,
Sewaid, ShdeU, Thompson of Kentucky. Thomson of N"ew
Jer&ev, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, VVcller, Wihcm, and
Wright—31.
NAYr?—Mes^is. Allen, Brodhead, Clay, Evans, Fitch.
Fitzpatnck, Green. Johnson, Mallury, Pugii, Iieid,and Stu-
ait—JO.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
; The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tlie Chair will
| remark that the amendments adopted by the Sen-
j ate as m Committee of the Whole, have not yet
been disposed of, and they must be acted on be-
| fore the amendment of the Senator from Georgia
i can be disposed of. The question will be taken
! on all the amendments made as in Committee of
; the Whole, except those which Senators may de-
1 sire to have reserved for a separate vote.
| Mr. BRODHEAD and Mr. HOUSTON, desir-
| ing to have a separate vote on the amendment
| accepting the offer of the State of Tennessee in
1 regard to the Hermitage, it was excepted; and the
j other amendments made as in Committee of the
I Whole were concurred in.
j POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION litr.L.
Mr. GWIN, from the committee of conference
