1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1051
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (H. R. No. 636) making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office department dur-
ing the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1858,
reported that the Senate recede from its twelfth
amendment, and that the House of Representa-
tives recede from its non-concurrence to the
third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth,
tenth,eleventh, thirteenth, and fourteenth amend-
ments.
Mr. STUART. "What is the twelfth amend-
ment?
Mr. RUSK. It is one raising the salaries of
the messengers in the offices of the Assistant
Postmaster General.
The report was agreed to.
The hour of four and a half o'clock having
arrived, the Senate took a recess until six and a
half o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past six
o'clock, p. m.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee of the Post
Officc and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
memorial of Marshall O. Roberts and others,
trustees of A.. G. Sloo, submittal a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 644) for the relief of ths
trustees under the contract between A. G. Sloo
and the Government of the United States. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Royal Phelps, attorney in fact of
James, Earl of Selkirk, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jeisey, from the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 598) for the relief of the heirs
of Amos Oney, a revolutionary soldier, reported
it without amendment, and submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
REPORT ON COMMERCIAL RELATIONS.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Senate,
by the punter of the Senate, ten thousand copies of a com-
pendium of the fiist volume of the repoit on the commer-
cial relations of the United States with all loreijm nation",
prepared undei the direction of the .SecieUiv of State, in
accordance with a ie&oiution of the House of Reptesenta-
tivcs, to bo auungod by the Superintendent of Stannic?., by
whom it wa«s piepored.and printed undei lii<dnPction ; and
two thousand copies lor the use of the statistical office:
Provided^ The said compendium shall be printed in royal
octavo form, and shall not exceed five hundred pages.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ccllom, its Clerk, announced that the
House concurred in the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 804) to confirm certain
entries therein named; and in the amendment of
the Senate to the bill (II. R. No. 405) for the
relief of Commander John L. Saunders.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills; in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 308) making an appropria-
tion for the removal of impediments to the navi-
gation of the Mississippi river by contract; and
A bill (H. R. No. 852) to establish certain post
roads in the United States and the Territories
thereof. *
Also, that the House had passed the following
bills of the Senate:
A bill (No. 512) for the relief of William L.
Davidson;
A bill (No. 253) to establish an additional land
district in the State of Wisconsin; and
A resolution (No. 30) concerning Wolf Island.
SCHOOL LANDS IN TERRITORIES.
The message also announced that the Ilouse
of Representatives had passed the resolution of
the Senate (No. 39) relative tofsections_ sixteen
and thirty-six, in the Territories of Minnesota
and Nebraska, with amendments; in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
Mr. STUART. I should like to have that
subject disposed of now. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the amendments
of the House to that resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. The House have amended
that resolution by putting the Territory of Kan-
sas on the same footing with Minnesota and Ne-
braska in reference to school sections. I move
that the Senate concur in the amendments of the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives disagreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H^R. No. 635) to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1857, asked a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Messrs. Sage, A. IC Marshall, and Wells,
conferees on the part of the House.
On motion of Mr. STUART, the Senate in-
sisted upon its amendments, and agreed to the
conference asked by the House of Representa-
tives on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses;
and Mr. Stuart, Mr. Biggs, and Mr. Foot were
appointed conferees on the part of the Senate.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following House bills were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated
below:
A bill (No. 308) making an appropriation for
the removal of impediments to the navigation of
the Mississippi river by contract—to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
A bill (No. 852) to establish certain post roads
in the United States, and the Territories thereof—
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
JOSEPH II. KENNEDY.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 ask the unanimous conscnt
ofthe Senate to take up the bill (H. R. No. (>52) for
the relief of Joseph M. Kennedy. If it gives rise
to the slightest discussion I will not press it. I
will simply state that there are a number of House
bills of this kind on the Calendar, to which no
possible objection can be made. If they are not
passed to-night, they cannot be engrossed and
passed through all the legislative forms to-mor-
row. I ask the consent of the Senate to take up
the bill 1 have indicated. I hope there will be no
objection to it.
Mr. HUNTER. I must insist upon the con-
sideration of the appropriation bills.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to take up the bill I have named. It will not
occupy two minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chan-
considers the recess as but an interruption of the
business of the session.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move to postpone the ap-
propriation bill which was under consideration at
the time the recess took placc.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
considers the recess as but an interruption of the
session of the Senate, and the question, therefore,
is on the amendment to the appropriation bill
which was pending at the time of the recess.
Mr. WELLER. Certainly, and I move to
postpone the appropriation bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. Until a quarter past seven
o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive any motion that may be made.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move to postpone the ap-
propriation bill for half an hour, for the purpose
of proceeding to the consideration of the bill I
have indicated.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to understand what the
purpose of the motion is.
Several Senators. To consider House bills.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will state the purport of
the bill. It is a bill appropriating some $300 or
§400 to the marshal of Louisiana for moneys ex-
pended on the furniture of the court-house at New
Orleans. It has been reported on favorably by
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think the motion a reason-
able one. In a very short time we can pass sev-
eral little bills to which there will be no objec-
tion.
Mr. SLIDELL.
Mr. HUNTER.
I only ask for half an hour.
1 hope we shall have a di-
vision on that motion. If the Senate rules me
down, I have no more to say. They can then
go on until to-morrow morning with the consid-
eration of these private bills. I have endeavored
to get the appropriation bills considered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the consideration of the appropriation bill be
postponed for half an hour, for the purpose, as
indicated by Senators, of taking up private bills.
The motion was not agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL. ■
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
616) making appropriations for the support of tho
Arnly for the year ending the 30th of June, 1858;
the pending question being on concurring in the
amendment made as in Committee of the Whole,
accepting the tender of the Hermitage for the
purpose of establishing a branch of the Military
Academy.
Mr. POSTER called for the yeas and nays on
concurring in the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Theyeasand
nays have been ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. I was detained from the
Senate by duty on a committee of conference
when this amendment was offered; but I think it
my duty to say a few words in relation to it. I
take it, Mr. President, that if we accept of this
donation, we plight our faith to carry out the con-
dition on which it i3 to be received, and that is, to
establish another military academy. It ought not
to be received unless we expect to perform that
condition. I tlunk there should be but one mil-
itary academy in the Union. It seems to me that
is so obvious, that it will commend itself to every
man in the community who gives reflection to the
subject. In the first place, the corps of instructors
should be men organized thoroughly, and that can
be must perfectly attained in one institution. In tho
sccond placc, there should be some uniform course
of instruction received by all. If there be an
additional school established it will have neither
that efficiency nor uniformity. Nor will it do to
undertake to divide the academy into a primary
and ultimate school, for in that case the younger
scholars do not receive the advantage of associa-
tion with the highest scholars.
More than all that, sir, the course of instruction
which our officers have received at West Point
has been such as to produce uniformity of feeling,
kindness, attention, and all the best affections
which spring and grow up from a course of in-
struction in the same place. For a period of
more than a quarter of a century there has not
been an instance of a duel between officers edu-
cated at West Point. I trust that there will con-
tinue to be some one great national institution
like this, and that it may not bo frittered away
by being divided into parts.
I think the location of this academy a very
good one — in the highlands of the Hudson, se-
questered from connection with the world, which
is in a very great measure necessary in the loca-
tion of such an institution. But, Mr. President,
if after all there be any question as to its location,
if it is seriously objectionable, notwithstanding
all the associations of history which cluster around
it, and it must be removed, I trust it will be re-
moved in a body, and to that place which indi-
cates itself to every reflecting mind — Mount
Vernon.
Mr. WELLER. It is not proposed, as the
Senator from Vermont supposes, to make these
antagonistic institutions. We propose to make
this institution at the Hermitage part of the Mil-
itary Academy at West Point. As I said to-day,
if I could do so, I should propose having a school
of cavalry at the Hermitage, in ivliich every per-
son who went to West Point should be required
to spend a portion of his time. That is what we
desire—not to have them separated, not to have
antagonistic institutions at war with each other,
butacting in perfect harmony, and that, in order
to graduate, the student should be compelled to
spend a portion of his time in studying cavalry
tactics at the Hermitage.
Mr. COLLAMER. I trust, if anything of this
kind is to be done, that the plan shall be arranged
before we accept the donation. Again, it seems
to me, that if this institution be established, both
schools will resolve themselves at last into noth-
ing more than local institutions. We shall then
