1052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
have the cadets educated partly at the South and
partly at the North, and then, when they come
together, instead of having a proper sense of mil-
itary emulation and glory, there will be nothing
but contention between them.
Mr. WELLER,. I think it will have a galu- i
tary effect to have the cadets educated partly at
the North, and partly at the South, and spend a
portion of their time at West Point and a portion
at the South, where they can see the practical
operation of the institution of slavery. It will
destroy their prejudices against their southern
brethren.
Mr. COLLAMER. Local prejudices do not
reach the West Point Academy at all.
Mr. "WELLER. No prejudice against the in-
stitution of slavery ?
Mr. COLLAMER. None at all.
Mr. WELLER. If there is no prejudice in
Vermont against slavery, I have nothing to say.
The Senator from Vermont speaks of there
being no plan at all. If the plan to be submitted
at the next session of Congress does not meet
their approbation, it can be rejected. Where do
we stand then? We lose $3,000in ready money,
find the land will revert to the State of Tennessee.
My friend from Vermontdid not think of that. If
this money is not appropriated, we lose the grant.
Mr. COLLAMER. Our plighted faith is in-
volved in the condition.
Mr. WELLER. If we do not accept it, the
grant reverts to the donor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am sorry to be
compelled to say one word on this subject. The
Senator from Vermont,-and other Senators, seem
to have great fears and apprehensions about this
being a project for the establishment of a sectional
school.
Mr, COLLAR!Eft. I did not say that.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What sort of a
school have you got now, so far as the mere
locality of the State is concerned?
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 said that the effect would
be to make two sectional .schools instead of one
national school.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then, according
to the Senator's idea, a school will be sectional ,
because it is established in the South; but when i
established in the North it is not a sectional !
school! I do not want a sectional school any <
more than you do. Nothing in this bill looks i
to it, nor can it be perverted into having such j
an object. I think the Senator's fears Wholly ■
groundless. I
Mr COLLAMER. I do not wish to be mis- j
understood. My idea is, that by establishing this j
institution you make them both sectional schools, !
whereas there is now none at all. :
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Thnt is another 1
assumption of the Senator from Vermont. This
is a subject to be acted on infuivro, upon which
he is to legislate. I shall not be here to legislate ,
upon it. To assume that both schools will be '
sectional, is to assume that'the Congress of the .
United Stateshavenot sense or patriotism enough ,
to avoid it. If we require the cadets to spend one :
year at the Hermitage and three years at West !
Point, would that make the schools sectional? i
Would it not have a contrary cffect, by bringing 1
northern boys to the South, and letting them!
Spend one or two years there m a preparatory ■
department, and then sending them back to the
North ( It would be the very reverse of the prop-
osition that the Senator assumes, f do not know
that that will be the plan adopted by the Pres-
ident. If it should be, u will oe for the Senator
from Vermont, and the Senate, to determine
whether that is the best plan. I have no par-
ticular plan in regard to it.
I say from my'knowledgc, and ray connection .
with the Committee on Military Affairs for six;
years, that you will be compelled to establish a<
school of cavalry somewhere. Where are the
cavalry trained now ? Are they trained at West
Point? No, sir. You are compelled to train a>
portion of them at Carlisle, and a few small de~:
tachments at West Point. Where is your depot i
for the purchase and supply of horses for the ;
cavalry? Wherever the fancy or caprice of the !
Department chooses to locate them. Suppose!
you locate a school at the Hermitage, or any-;
where else, and say that it shall be for the train-1
ing of cavalry and the purchase of horse*?, would !
the location make it sectional? I think not. 1
But the only point to which 1 wish to call the
attention of the Senate is, that this amendment
docs not commit the Senate to anything, except
the acceptance of the gift, and then the presenta-
tion of the terms themselves. Suppose the Pres-
ident and Congress of the United States should
at the next Congress say, "We will accept it on
terms satisfactory to all of us-," you send that
notification to the Legislature of ""Tennessee, and
Tennessee either accepts or rejects it. This
amendment does not commit Congress, in my
judgment, to any specific plan at all. It simply
notifies Tennessee that we agree to accept the
present of the HernCfrtage, and the condition at-
tached to it, and orders the President to report to
the next Congress his plan by which the condi-
tion shall be carried into execution and operation.
Tennessee has nothing to do with it. The Legis-
lature of that State tenders the Hermitage to you.
It is for you to accept or reject it.
Something has been said in this debate of the
veneration we owe to the memory of Jackson.
That is the only feeling which animates me in
this matter. I was never the political friend of
General Jackson. I dared—and it was daring—
to resist him during all his political life; but I am
not, and never have been, insensible to his virtues,
or unmindful of his services to the country. I
think his tomb ought to be sacred to every Amer-
ican heart. 1 am prouder of my State for the
purchase of the Hermitage than i am of any act
of her history. The owner of the Hermitage, by
misfortune, because he was just and honest, but
improvident, had fallen into the hands of money
dealers and land sharks, aud the property was
about to be sold and pass into such hands as those.
The question submitted to the patriotism of Ten-
nessee, m view of the name and character and
services and patriotism of General Jackson, was ■
whether the property should passinto such hands,
or whether she should intervene and buy it. She !
. did intervene, and I honor and feel proud of her
1 for it. Tlun, no paitieuhu use fox it,she
11 tenders it to the Government of the United States,
ij I wish to God that old Virginia had acted in a
; similar manner m the cas'e of Mount Vernon, and
'! that, instead of being made a toll-gate upon the ;
i patriotism of this country, and the devotion of ••
| American freemen io the character of Washington, 1
! it would have been something worthy of Virginia
j and of the national character. God forbid that ,
! the time shall ever come when an American citi- '
i zen who loves and reveres the nume of Andrew !
j Jackson, shall be charged twenty-five cents for '
; the privilege of visiting his tomb! 1 understand \
i that every American that passes down the Poto- I
! mac to pay his devotions to the tomb of the Father !
I of his Country, i«s laved twen'y-tlve cents ppr :
; capita. I would vote a million of dollars to-night ■
, to buy that sacred spot, and bring the remains of !
' General Washington heie,and place them m the
; rotunda of this Capitol, in order to save them
! from such mercenary cupidity as that. All that ,
i Tennessee has sought to do has been to preserve '
I the grave and tomb of Andrew Jackson. She
I has done her part; it is for you to do yours. As
j for myself, I have no feeling on the subject except
] to carry out the wishes of me Legislature of my
j Stats in regard to it. It is to cost you nothing .
I except the acceptance. Then you propose the ;
j terms of acceptance; it is for Tennessee to accept :
; or reject them.
Mr. BENJAMIN. No gentleman on this floor
is more ready than I am to unite in any testimo- i;
i nial in reverence of the memory of General Jack- 11
| son, or in gratitude for the services which he ,
j rendered to his country. I, too, like the Senator
' from Tennessee, was opposed to him politically. ■
| I, too, believe that in Ins administration of the j
j General Government great and fatal mistakes
j were made. I, too, am not insensible to the claims
! he has upon the gratitude of his country, and
! especially upon tin- grnntu-le of the State which I 1
1 have the honor in part to represent here. But,
Mr. President, the proposition before the Senate
is not whether we shall honor the memory of
Jackson. Disgui&e it as we may—present the
question in whatsoever shape we may choose to ,
present it—the proposition how bciore the Senate
is to establish a second military academy,and to 1
establish it in the South, because one already ,
exists in-the North. I
Now, sir, I echo from the very bottom of my .
heart the sentiments expressed by the honorable 1
Senator from Vermont. The West Point Mili-
tary Academy is a national academy. The schol-
ars that are received, the cadets that are appointed
to receive education at that national academy*
come from every congressional district of the
United States; and if the proposition be made to
extend the sphere of the utility of that establish-
ment—if one million dollars be required for the
purpose of enabling us to establish lhere a school
for cavalry tactics—I will vote the sum cheerfully.
But, sir, the proposition now before us is to have
a second military academy. Why ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the Senator
allow me to ask him whether he will vote for the
proposition with an amendment establishing a
branch of the military academy at the Hermitage
for cavalry purposes ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I was coming to that point;
aifd I will answer the Senator from Tennessee
with the greatest pleasure.
It is not to be forgotten, Mr. President, that we
have two national academies, one for the military
at the North, and the other for the navy in the
South. From every congressional district m the
United States youths are sent there who are edu-
cated at the national expense, and are taught
such branches as are requisite to enable them to
perform the duties of officers in the Army of the
United States. They arc sent to West Point from
the North and from the South. On the other
hand, we have in the South a Naval Academy, in
which young men arc educated at the national
expense, whether coming from the North or
coming from the South, for the purpose of obtain-
ing in the service of the Government persons
] who are capable of doing their duty as officers in
t the Navy of the United States.
j Now, sir, if this career of sectional rivalry is
to go on—if we are to agree, m accordance with
the offer made to us by the State of Tennessee—
and for which I honor her; it is a noble and gen-
erous offer-—to establish a second military acad-
emy in the South, can gentlemen doubt that a
proffer will very soon be made to establish a
second naval academy m the North? With what
j gra^e could we refuse it if we agree to this prop-
j osition? After wu have a military academy North
! and South, and a naval academy North and South,
i do you believe the great Northwest will be satis-
i fied with those establishments, and will not, in
, its turn, ask for something of the same kind to
| be established there?
I Mr. President, both of these establishments are
now sustained by the United States out of the
national Treasury. Both these establishments
are national. Establish this one, and you at once
break up the beauty and the harmony of the
system which we have been at so much pains to
maintain. Establish this one, and my word for
>< it, you will have propositions here from almost
I every State in the Union, year after year, for the
I establishment of branches of the military or naval
.i academy—and why, sir? Because the proposition
'! is one that appeals to the patriotic sympathies of
/ every Senator upon the floor. But is our Army
establishment, is our Navy establishment so ex-
: tensive as to require an addition to the personnel
! of either branch of the public arm of hundreds of
;j young men competent to perform the duties of
officers? We have now a clm-s of something like
j one hundred young men every year from West
1 Point. We have a class of similar number from
, Annapolis. Why do you want more?" Do we not
: all know that the number of our ofneers is in" ex-
' cess—that we have more officers than are required
, for the service either of the Amy ox of the Navy?
Are not many of the young men now educated at
West Point compelled, every year, to seek the
paths of private life, because our limit* d Army is
msuincient to open for them a career m the pub-
lic service with such promise and success as to
allure them into the paths of the public service?
We all know that we are sending out from this
. Military Academy at West Point, every year,
young men by scores, of whom the country has
! no need, who go into the private paths of life. I
! would not for a moment say one word in depre-
j ciation of the ufelity of this public establishment.
I I am glad that we have such an establishment,
; because, when the time comes—when an appeal
■ is made to the military ardor of the mih'ia of the
! country, in ease of foieign war, as in that we had
! with Mexico, it becomes necessary that we should
1 have citizcna educated for the career of arms, and
