1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
competent to take charge of the different depart-
ments of our military service; but have we not
enough ? Why increase them ? Year after year
a hundred young men are thrown into the public
service, or compelled to seek the paths of private
life. What object is there in having more ? Is it
that we may do honor to the memory of that great
man whose name is inseparably connected with
that Hermitage which the State of Tennessee
now offers to us?
If it is for that purpose, Mr. President, there
is an older, a higher, a more sacred debt of grat-
itude due from the American people. The Father
of his Country reposes in a grave which is hon-
ored only by>the spontaneous, offerings of the
people of the country. No appropriation has ever
yetbeen made for the purchase of the ground in
which his honored remains rest. Not one dollar
has yet been appropriated from a public fund by
which the reverence of the American people may
be testified towards him who was " first in war,
first i'n peace, and first in the hearts of his coun-
trymen." Are we to forget him, and begin with
men who, at a later day, however resplendent tlie
services they rendered to the country, cannot,
ought not—no man will dare compare with him ?
No, sir. If the Congress of the United States is
about to make an appropriation as a.testimonial
of reverence for the services of any public man—
if we are to go back to past times, seek out him
whom the entire American people honors with a
passionate reverence, let us buy Mount Vernon.
What care we for the question of jurisdiction?
What care we whether the State of Virginia shall
or shall not consent that we shall have jurisdiction
over the earth in which those hallowed remains
are inclosed? Let us buy the land; let us testify
the reverence of the American people for the
memory of the Father of his Country. Let us do
that; letus pay that first—the oldest, the highest,
the most sacred, debt of gratitude, before we come
down to later times, and men, who, however great
their merits, beside the awful form of the Father
of his Country, shrink into pigmies.
Mr. President, I trust that whenever a vote
shall be given by the American Congress in rev-
erence of the name of any hero of past times,
never, never, will that vote be given until the
memory of George Washington shall have been
consecrated by some testimonial of the reverence,
the gratitude, and the veneration of the American
people. Entertaining these opinions, I send this
amendment to the Chair:
Anil for the purchase of Mount Vernon and tlie establish-
ment of a military school there, for the instruction of youth
iu cavalry practice, $500,000.
• Mr. SEWARD. I rpgret very much, Mr.
President, that the proposition of the purchase of
the grave of Andrew Jackson comes to the Con-
gress of the United States under circumstances,
and in a connection, which necessarily cause
a division upon it. I say to both the honorable
Senators from Tennessee, that, if they will intro-
duce a proposition that the Congress of the United
States shall purchase the-grave of Jackson, with
the acres surrounding it, which were familiar to
his footsteps, in his retirement from the service
ofhis country, it will receive from me aresponse,
direct, cordial, and satisfactory; provided only
that it be a distinct, independent proposition.
But it has seemed fit to the State of Tennessee
to present this proposition, which, standing alone,
isso simple, so natural, so just, so acceptable,
connected with a question which cannot be
indulged without exciting apprehensions of dif-
ficulty in administration, and of danger to the
welfare, harmony, and safety of the country:
namely, the establishment of a new military
academy. Sir, the honorable Senator from Louis-
iana, I think, has demonstrated most fully that
the United States need only one military academy.
It is forbidden by the Constitution of the country,
and the genius of our institutions, to maintain a
standing army. We can, consistently with the
preservation of civil liberty, maintain only such
a small military force as is necessary to preserve
order amongst ourselves. How small a force
is necessary "for that, God be pRiised, the whole
world is witness to—a handful of men scattered
throughout an empire twenty-five hundred miles
square suffices to protect the white men against
the Indians, who are passing off from the face of
the earth, as fast as the snows melt under the
heat of the vernal sun.
Itis contrary then to good policy; it is contrary
to the public interest and to the public safety, to
duplicate these institutions by which you might
possibly stimulate into existence a passion, an
unconstitutional passion, for the increase of the
standing army, which as yet happily remains
undeveloped. But, sir, while the United States
need only one military academy, they need that
that one shall be a good one. It was the excel-
lence of the one military academy we have that
enabled us to present to the country, and'to the
world, the extraordinary spH'tacle of a war begun
and prosecuted in Mexico through two distinct
lines, with triumphant success, unstained by the
disgrace of a single reverse of arms. That the
Military Academy we have at West Point is a
good one, has been proved by its fruits.
I appeal with confidence to Senators, whether
one reason why that Military Academy is a good
one—is one of extraordinary merit and success, is
not found in the fact that we have only one? We
should aid that one Military Academy which we
ought to have—which we must have, with the
undivided patronage, purse, and liberality of the
Government, and direct all the means which we
have to the cultivation of those candidates for the
military arm whom we assign to it. To divide
is to distract; to distract is to diminish and to
enfeeble; and to enfeeble is to destroy. Then to
divide this institution, or to set up another one in
rivalry to it, would have no other effect than to
enfeeble it, no other tendency than to destroy it,
or, at best, to result in two incompetent establish-
ments in the plaee of one good and competent
academy. Why should we found another one to
the injury of that excellent institution ? No argu-
ment is offered for it that I am aware of, that has
any force except that, insomuch as there is an
institution in the North, there should be one in
the South also, in order to equalize the favor of
the Government in that respect, between both of i
these sections of the Union. There might be
force in these arguments, if one more northern
pupil would be admitted into the Academy of
West Point, or one less officer of the Army of
the United States "graduate from West Point be-
longing to the southern States, by reason of its
location there; but we all know that such is not
the fact, and that the Academy at West Point is
an institution in which the North and South are
represented exactly according to the Federal pop-
ulation of those two sections.
But, sir, if we are to agree to this proposition
under an idea of either preventing sectionalism,
or of gratifying sectionalism, then we mistake
the sectional lines of this country as they are ul-
timately to bp drawn, and as they are hereafter
to exist and divide us, if we suppose those lines
to separate the North from the South. If you
should plant another military academy in Ten-
nessee, it would still be leaving things just as they
are. You would then have two eastern military
academics, and no western military academy, for
Tennessee is a drop in the Atlantic portion of the
Union geographically and politically; and the time
is very near at hand when you will be unable to
give any answer why you have two military acad-
emies, and one naval school, on the.cast side of
the mountains or the Mississippi, and none of
either kind on the other side.
But, Mr. President, I do not desire to occupy
the time of the Senate in considering this proposi- ;
tion, important as it is. I rose chiefly to say that
the Academy at West Point is an institution of
the Federal Government, established within the
State of NewYork, of which I have thehouor to
be a representative; that it is useless and value- !
less to the State of NewYork, and to the northern j
States, in any sense in which we can appreciate j
its benefits, except as we are members of the i
Federal Union. I do now most earnestly and !
humbly implore the Congress of the United States, \
before they weaken and enfeeble that great national :
institution there, because it is in New York, or :
because it is in the northern States, to remove it ;j
altogether out of the State of New York and out '!
of the northern States, and leave us West Point jj
with its naked ruins and its glorious memories.
If by giving up the Academy we can save the
country from the dangers which it will incur by ]
enfeebling that institution, by raising up an oppo-
sition to it, or a branch of it elsewhere, take it
altogether, and remove it to Mount Vernon. It
will have my vote to-night. If you love the
im
memory of Jackson mora than you honor tha
shade of Washington, you shall 'then take the
Academy to the Hermitage freely, and with rrijr
vote.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think the re-
marks of the Senator from New York, though
seemingly very patriotic, are very gratuitous; and
if they were intended to reflect uj>on the motives
of the Legislature of Tennessee in making this
tender, as wanting in respect to the memory of"
the Father of his Country, he does them wrong,
and I can find no words with which to characterize
it. If he means to intimate that it was the pur-
pose of the Legislature of Tennessee in making
this proposition to excite sectional feelings, or to
break down the institution at West Point, he does
not know them, and it is an assumption without
foundation. Itis a mere conception ofhis fancy
when he speaks about a northern institution and
a southern one. The Legislature of Tennessee
never dreamed of a sectional question arising on
this proposition, and I am prepared to hurl it back
upon its author.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator from
Tennessee, like some other Senators, very often
proposes to hurl back assertions upon me. He
is perfectly welcome to do so; but I hope the hon-
orable Senator will recollect that while I receive,
without returning, such favors as he tenders to
me, either voluntary or otherwise, in debate, I
have not spoken of the Legislature of Tennessee,
that I can recollect, one word. I have uttered no
imputation; I have spoken in no terms of disre-
spect to them, nor even mentioned them at all.
It is not within my recollection, in the few re-
marks I made, that I said anything in regard to
them. He says," If the Senatorfrom New York
means to impute improper motives to the Legis-
lature of Tennessee, then I hurl them back." I
know that that was what the Senator meant to
say. The Senator from New York did not mean
that which he did not say.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose, sir, I
am the last man to hurl back defiance to the Sen-
ator from New York. What have I to gain by
that. What results could inure from it ? But if
the Senator does not mean what he says, he is
unfortunate in his language. He says the pur-
pose and effect of this proposition is, to divide the
Academy at West Point, and to make it sectional,
by making a northern and a southern institution,
and then with holy devotion raises his hands and
implores the American Senate, if they are pre-
pared to remove this institution, in the name of
liberty to let it go to Mount Vernon.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator can
see at once—it is hardly worth while to explain
it—that I have a right to argue upon and show
the effects of a measure. That is a fair mode of
argument. I have no right to argue the purposes
or motives on the part of those who propose it.
I can only argue as to the effect of the proposition.
I said nothing in'regard to the purposes or motives
of the Legislature of Tennessee
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I grant the Sena-
tor the right to argue what will be the effect of
any proposition submitted to the Senate, but then
I have a right to make my deductions from his
argument. The argument of the Senator was
to call the attention of the Senate to the fact that,
if we established another military school in the
South, we should divide this great national acad-
emy, and should destroy its efficiency. I want
to know how you can destroy the efficiency of it
by establishing a branch in the South, when you
have one in the North. That is a matter for
future legislation. It does not become the Sena-
tor —■ if he will pardon me for saying so — to as-
sume to himself to define what is to be the result
of a measure when its action is to be in futu.ro.
This bill does not provide for any proposition to
establish a military academy there. It simply
provides for the acceptance of the tender of the .
Hermitage. It is for Senators here to make the
details.
But, Mr. President, my object in rising was to
reply to the remarks made By the Senator from
Louisiana. I confess my astonishment is greater
at him thsyi at the Senatorfrom New York. His
amendment strikes me with infinite surprise. He
; asks why shall the beneficence of this Government
: be manifested in buying up the tomb of Andrew
i Jackson, when no national demonstration has
l been made in favor of protecting the last resting-
