1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1055
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bell of Tennessee, Biggs,
Brown, Clay, Douglas, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Green, Gwin,
Iveroon, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Pugh,
Reid, Rusk, Sebastian, Slulell, Stuart, Thompson of Ken-
tucky, Toueey, YVeller, and Yulee—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Benja-
min, fiigler, Bright, Brodllead, Collamcr, Crittenden, Dur-
lcee, Fessenden, Fish, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Hale, Harlan,
Houston, Hunter, James, Johnson, Mason,Nourse, Pearee,
Pratt, Seward, Thomson of New Jersey, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilson, and Wught—30.
So the amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole was non-concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tentpore. The question
now is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] in reference to the
pay and allowances of the lieutenant general.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to move to amend
that, by inserting the amendment which was pro-
posed by the Committee on Military Affairs to
the original resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives on that subject.
Mr. TOOMRS. Before the Senator does that,
I wish to modify my amendment. I desire to
remove one of the strongest objections of the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs; and it will, of course, destroy a large
portion of his speech, and probably meet his ob-
jections. I modify my amendment by adding:
Nor shall this act, nor the abovementioned resalution of
the 15th of Februaiy, 185,3, have any retrospective effect in
regard to those who were the aids or staff of General Spott
antecedent to his appointment to the rank of brevet lieu-
tenant geneial.
Mr. WELLER. That meets my main objec-
tion. The other day, when this question was
before the Senate, I had occasion to speak of the
attempt on the part of those aids to claim the pay,
rank, and emoluments of lieutenants colonel since
1847. I denounced it then as an unjust measure
on their part, and I used the word " iniquitous."
I desire to explain that word. I did not intend
to impute anything dishonorable to those gentle-
men , particularly Major Lay. I have seen Major
Lay on the field of battle. He is one of the
most chivalrous and honorable and honest men I
know. When I was denouncing it as an unjust
claim, I simply desired to be understood as say-
ing this: that when we passed the original meas-
ure for conferring additional honor on General
Scott, and additional pay, (for that was my ob-
ject,) I never intended to give additional pay and
rank to any one but htm; and I thought it very
unjust that the aids should come in afterwards
and claim the rank and pay of lieutenants colonel
for ten yeais past. I considered that very unjust,
and so denounced it.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, in the correspond-
ence between General Scott and General Davis,
allusion is made to my course connected with the
discussion upon the resolution for conferring the
brevet rank of lieutenant general on General
Scott.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the honorable Senator
from Michigan pardon me for interrupting him
to make a suggestion on this subject?
Mr. CASS. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not think that the dis-
cussion of the question alluded to by the honor-
able Senator should be opened here. Let it rest
between those parties themselves. It is published
to the world. Let them take the responsibility.
The name of the Senator from Michigan can in
no way be affected as a public man. I must ex-
press my sincere hope that that matter will not ,
be touched here at all. I could hope that the hon- !
orable Senator would himself utterly disregard it.
I believe that this body ought not to regard on
this occasion anything that has been said between
those two officers.
Mr. CASS. I thank my honorable friend from |
Arkansas, and participate with him fully in the i
feeling ho lias expressed. I had not the most'
distant idea of alluding to the correspondence at
all, except 10 introduce the remarks which I have
to make. 1 have simply to state that General
Scott has misconstrued my position in connection
with this matter. Ho has placed me in rather an
inconsistent position. I came here tins morning
supposing the question would come up, wilh the
intention of entering into a full examination of
it; but now it is too late for that. I should con-
sider it in bad taste, and worse than bad taste, to
occupy the attention of the Senate for any length
of time, under tl5> circumstances in which we are
now placed; and therefore, instead of entering
into the subject at all, I will merely say that I
voted for conferring the brevet rank of lieutenant
general upon General Scott; and I did it with the
view of conferring an honorary distinction, and
not believing that it carried with it any increased
pay. I need not go over the circumstances; they
are fully known to the Senate. I agree with
what General Shields said on that occasion. He
expressed my sentiments as he did his own, when
he used this language, ir^reply to a question
whether the brevet rank would carry increased
pay:
" That is a matter within the discretion of the Piesident
of the United States. No brevet confers pay of itself. It
is merely intended as a high honorary military compliment
for gallant services. But if the President of the United
States assigns a man to a command proportioned to his
rank, then he is entitled to pay according to that lank, and
in no other case; so that it will depend upon the President
of the United States.5'
And under that impression 1 voted for the joint
resolution. I believed thatno pay could be drawn
under it unless General Scott were assigned to the
duty of the brevet rank by the President, or un-
less, agreeably to the construction placed on the
resolution, his brevet was antedated to a certain
day on which he was entitled to it for gallant
service; and in that event he could not, in my
opinion, draw additional pay, for the simple rea-
son that by our laws and regulations there was
no command assigned to a lieutenant general. On
a full consideration of this subject, I agree with
the opinion of the Secretary of War. I believe
he has put the true construction on the law. I
do not believe the law, and the brevet rank under
it, conveyed to General Scott any right to in-
creased pay. General Scott was not lieutenant
general. If he had been, he would have been
entitled under any and all circumstances to draw
the full pay belonging to the rank, if that pay
was given by law; but General Scott, as brevet
Keutonant general, could only draw pay under
peculiar circumstances, which circumstances were
detailed in the law and the regulations, and they
did not provide for this case. I say this with the
best feelings to General Scott. No man holds
him in higher esteem than I do. As a proof of
it, I win read to the Senate a few words from what
I said when the joint resolution was finally passed:
<e When such a case present*! itself wo shall find m the
national exchequer—I do not mean thcexchcquei of cash,
butthe exchequer ol tiue giatitude and feeling—the means
of giving rewards. Thus i& no common ca e. ftunotthc
case of a man who in battle meets the enemy and behaves
valiantly. It is the case of a high and noble commander,
who led our armies from VeiaCiuz to Mexico, and earned
the sumlaid of the countiv, in tnuinph and honoi, above
difficulties, and dangers, and opposition almost unprece-
dented since the earliest ages. His name h wntten m
imperishable characters upon the militaiy history of the
country."
These are the feelings which I entertained to-
wards General Scott at that time; I entertain them
yet; but I am now asked to say what my con-
struction of the law is. My construction, I re-
peat, is found in the decision of the Secretary of
War. I do not think there is one cent of pay to
be given more than the amount allowed to General
Scott as major general. The President has co-
incided with the Attorney Genera], and I con-
sider the Government as bound by what they
allow, and I am willing to be governed by their
decision. A portion of this difficulty arises from
the words of the law. When it was first intro-
duced, it was to " create" the rank of lieutenant
general. During its progress the word e< create"
was changed to "revive," with a icference by ji
that word to the act of 1798. 1 objected to it at <|
the time, and in accordance with my opinion the jj
original word was restored. On the 21st of De- jj
cember, 1852, when the subject was before the jj
Senate, Mr. Shields said: !]
"In aecoidanee with the stij^btion of the honorable
Senator fmm Michigan, i mure that the word -levived' jj
be stucki.ni out. and the woul 'created" inserted m its !
stead. (
C£ The amendment was agieed to.*' } „
If the law as passed had used the word " ere-
ate" instead of " revive," no question could have ii
arisen, and no additional pay could have been 'j
allowed without an enactment for that purpose ''
by Congress. I had au objection, which I stated :j
then, to the word *' revive"—an almost insuper- i
able one. I did not wish to connect any man I'
wilh the name of Washington. That resolution, ■!
bv the use of the word " revive," referred to the L.
law passed for Washington himself. Mr. Pres-
ident, he stood alone in his career of patriotism
and glory; alone in the estimation of his coun-
trymen; alone in the judgment of the world; <and
I wanted him to remain alone upon any statute
passed for his benefit, recorded in the legislative
annals of his country. He had no partnership
in life, and with my cooperation he shall have
none in death. I have a hereditary and almost
instinctive veneration for the name and fame of
that great man. It is among the most precious
recollections of a long and varied life, that, on his
passage through the eastern States soon after his
aeccssion to the Presidency, I saw the venerated
statesman. It was a triumphal procession—a pro-
cession such as Rome never saw. It was an out-
pouring of human affection, of the heart, and of
the gratitude of a whole people in honor of the
man who had led them from weakness to power
and glory. I did not wish his mantle to fall on
anybody. I wanted the resolution for General
Scott to use the word " create,"and not*" revive*,"
and now I will say, that I do not know how the
word '1 revive" finally got into the resolution. I
have asked my friend General Shields, and he
does not know. It was passed at a subsequent
session from that at which I have shown the word
was altered at my suggestion; and on that occa-
sion, when I asked whether it was the same res-
olution which the Senate had passed at the pre-
vious session, I was answered " yes" by General
Shields. It appears, however, that it was not.
The word "create" had disappeared from it, and
the word "revive" had taken its place. That
has caused the difficulty.
I shall not go over this subject. I repeat, I have
the kindest feelings towards General Scott. I am
willing that he should have all the law allows
him. I blame neither him nor his friends for
bringing his claims before us; but, for myself,
believing and saying at the time that the resolu-
tion would not allow him increased pay, 1 am
bound as a consistent man to vote so now.
I have but one remark more to make, and then
I shall leave the subject. This proposition con-
tains a provision that in time of war the brevet
lieutenant general may have three aids and two
military secretaires with the rank of lieutenant
colonel—the same staff given to Washington in
1798. You need not legislate for time of war;
that is prospective. This rank expires with the
death or resignation of General Scott. I ask, is
it wise in the American Congress to make a dec-
laration as to what shall be the staff of General
Scott in any war hereafter to happen ? It is not
necessary. Further,itprovidesthalhe shall have
a family of three lieutenant colonels, two military
aids, and a secretary with that rank to be appointed
by himself. He wants no such family. General
Scott is in New York. The details of the Army
are managed here in Washington by the Adjutant
General under the Secretary of War. Two aides-
dc-camp, one of whom has the rank and pay of
a major of cavalry, and the other of lieutenant,
are amply sufficient, and I do not believe General
Scott should be allowed three lieutenant colonels
of the Anuy as his military family. I ask my
friend from Georgia if that is his intention of the"
provision ? Has ho examined that point?
Mr. TOOMBS. I have. - The law speaks for
itself.
Mr. CASS. I understand that answer. The
law of 1798 undoubtedly gave General Washing-
ton the selection of this number of officers in the
Army. I do not mean to give that power to any
human being. I doubt our authority to do it,
though I will not pass judgment on the law of
1793, which gave the brevet lieutenant general
power to appoint three lieutenant colonels in the
Army. This rank was givon to General Wash-
ington, at the head of the Army, carrying our its
oigfcnization. I was not far from him at the time.
My father was then in* the Army. On Washing-
ton the labor devolved, aided by General Hamil-
ton, and this authority may have been .given to
him. I do not see, however, that we have power
to do it now. I repeat, General Scott has mili-
tary family enough to discharge all the duties
required of him, in having two aids under the
present law as major general. As I said before, .
1 came prepared this morning to go fully into the
general subject, but there is no time to doit now;
and submitting these remarks to the Senate, I
leave the question.
