1056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I am very reluc- j
taut, at this late period of the session, to occupy \
the time which might be so much better devoted !
to other objects than the consideration of this pri- j
vate claim". I am the more reluctant to do so, .
because I think the Senate has already indicated |
its purpose to adopt this amendment. I know 1
that it is a most ungracious, unprofitable, and :
thankless task to oppose any claim preferred in !
behalf of an old soldier. One is apt to incur the ,
reproach of a want of gratitude, or of public j
spirit, or of patriotism, in opposing such meas- |
ures as that now proposed. But as this old sol- I
-dier has also been a distinguished politician and j
a leader of one of the great parties of the coun- ;
try, I may incur the additional reproach of being ■
governed by some personal or partisan feeling, j
I disclaim anything of the kind. I am governed 1
by no other feeling than a desire to do justice—
justice to General Scotty to the President, to the
Secretary of War, and to the people who must
pay the great largess proposed to be bestowed by
this amendment. It is due to public justice and
to the public interests that the true character, in-
tent, meaning, and effect of tins proposition should j|
be developed. It is due to the character of the |j
President, who has dissented from the construc- j!
tion now proposed tu be placed on the resolution 'j
of February 15, 1355, and who has yet, in my i
opinion, accorded to General Scott much more I
than he was entitled to in virtue of that resolu-
tion—it is due to him because of this difference i
of opinion, as it may be developed between Con- j
gross and the President, and because of his past i
political relations to General Scott, that his* in- ■
tcgrity should be vindicated in the construction ,
which he has given to that resolution. It is due j
to the character of the inflexibly firm and honest |
Secretary of War, who has refused to pay to I
General Scott the arrears which he has claimed ,
under that resolution—especially because of their I
unfriendly personal relations—that the correct- i
ness of his decision should be proven. General '
Scott has charged that the .Secretary of War was j
governed bypeisunaJ and partisan frelings in the j
construction which he gave to that resolution. I '
do not believe it. I agree with the honorable '|
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] that Geneial
Davis gave that resolution its hue construction.
I believe, that if it was the tenrper of the Senate at
this time to listen with patience, and to judge with
candor, I could prove it beyond all controversy
or doubt. I do not propose, however, to enter
into an elaborate argument in order to establish
this proposition. I shall rathermdulgo in a mere
resume of facts and arguments in order to sustain
the position which I assume.
Let any man take up the joint resolution of
February 15,1655, read it, and put to himself the
questions: Is there anything!) this resolution that
entities General Scott to additional arrears of pay
from 1847, which he claims? is there any asser-
tion of a purpose, on the part of Congress, to vote
him any additional compensation? is there any
allusion, suggestion, or hint of such a purpose?
Must not every one admit, that, if such was the
purpose, as now alleged, of the authors of that res-
olution, they either expressed their purpose most
carelessly, or concealed it most carefully. If the
resolution was intended to convey that meaning,
it is expressed in language so technical, so enig-
matical, so cabalistic, that no mere Chilian could
evrrdiscoverovdnine it. Indeed,! believe that no
mi'itury man in this country would so interpret
it, if h^ were wholly disinterested, and unbiased
by person! partiality.
At the time thut resolution was passed, there
was no law in existence fixing the rate of com-
pensation of a IiButcnant general. The act of
1798, which created that office, had expired by
its own limitation, it was, as shown by its title,
a3 well as by its body, intended merely for tem-
porary purposes. The title of that act, as ex-
pressed in the amendment now offered by the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Too^ict,] was one
s: authorizing the President to raise a provisional
army;" that is, an army icmpoiarihj established
to provide for anticipated exigencies of the public
service. It is known to the Senate that, at that j
time, we were thought to be on the eve of a war ;
with France, the most powerful mihtary nation i
'of the glebe. That act was passed m anticipation j
of such £i war, and was to raise a provisional army i
for the defense of the country during that war. i
In the fifth section of that act provision is made
for the creation of the office of lieutenant genera),
and he is there designated as "a commander of
the army winch may be raised by virtue of this 1
act." What army? This provisional army which t
was to exist only during the war. In other sec- I
tions of the act it was provided that that army j
should continue in existence butsix years. There- ;
fore, I say, that act expired by its own limitation,
as indicated in express words upon its face. If
that act had not expired by its own limitation, it
has been repealed by implication or expressly in
every act respecting tlfk military establishment of
the United States since that day. Mr. Secretary
Conrad, in construing a resolution in 1S53 of the
same import, if not the very words of that under
consideration, said it was repealed by the law of
1799. He says—I quote his own language:
" The act of 1799, entitled 'An act foi the bettei organ-
ization of the troops of tho United States, and for other
purposes,' (section nine,) abolished tlie office and Utle of
lieutenant geneial."
It was expressly repealed by the act of 1802,
in the last section of which it was declared that
" so much of any actor acts now in force as comes
within the purview of this act, shall be, and the
: same is hereby, repealed."
I And now the question occurs, did the resolu-
tion of the 15th of February, 1855, revive and re-
enact the law of 1798 ? I put it to those Senators
who advocate this amendment to answer, whether
there was any such purpose in adopting the res-
olution ot February 15, 1855? The proposition
now under consideration, as I shall attempt to
show after a while, negatives the idea of such an
intention. Was it intended by the resolution of
the 15th of February, 1855, to reenact the law of
1793, and thereby confer on General Scott power
which is not accorded to the President of the
United States himself? The President cannot
nominate and appoint even a second lieutenant,
without the advice and consent of the Senate.
<\ But the act of 1798 accorded to General Wash-
'j mglon the power of appointing, of his own will,
! six lieutenantcolonels. Was anything ever sug-
' gested in debate in reference to this power? Was
I it ever contemplated, for an mstant, that such
I power should be conferred on General Scott?
, Has he an admirer so blind or fond as to think
1 that any Congress would have passed a resolution
to revive and reenact the law of 1798, creating the
office of lieutenant general, with a view of con-
ferring on him the extraordinary powers given
by that act to the 'Father of his Country ? Has
he claims to our gratitude, our reverence, and our
confidence, equal to those of him who was a par-
agon of manhood, without a prototype or peer?
; Is he a worthier and better depositary of the
i power to bestow office than the President and
] Senate of the United States? Has the country
i ever expressed or indicated such homage for his
character as to elevate him above the President
, and Senate, and place him on the same lofty em-
■ inence with him who was *' First in war, first in
i peace, and first m the hearts of his countrymen ?"
] Is there a sycophant R0 silly or so base as even
1 to whisper in his ears such disgusting adulation?
, Mr. President, when we understand and consider
• the full import ot the act of 1798, the assertion
! that the resolution of February 15, 1855, was in-
. tended to revive and reenact the fifth section of
that act, must appear absurd and ridiculous; and
if it did not reenact or revive all of that act re-
; lating to the office of lieutenant general, how can
it be said to have reenactod or revived any part
; of it ^ It'it did not re create with the office ail the
powers and rights of the first lieutenant general,
■ how can you maintain that it gives a part of those
■ powers or rights? If it did not give the right to
! General Scott to appoint six lieutenant colonels,
( how can we assume that it save him a right to
I the pay provided byrheactof 1798? Thepowers,
: duties, pay, and allowances of lieutenant general
; weie all expiessedin the fifth section of the act
1 of 1 TOS. No one has maintained in Congress,
either before or since the resolution ot' February
15, 1855, was passed, that it gave to General Scott
j nP the powers, pay, and allowances given by
that fifth section to General Washington. Gen-
j eral Scott h:mself has not presumed to exercise
S or assert all those powers; he only claims all the
. pay and allowances. If the resolution ofFebru-
i ary 15, 1855, did not revive the powers conferred
^ by the act of 1798 on the lieutenant general, it did
not revive the pay. It gave both, or it gave
neither.
The revival of the office of lieutenant general
did not necessarily carry all the powers and pay
of the office. Pay is not a necessary or invari-
able incident of office. Offices may and do exist
in this as in other countries without pay. The
office conferred by a brevet does not necessarily
carry with it any pay. On the contrary, a
man may enjoy an honoiary brevet appointment
during a long life, and yet never realize any of
the additional pay and allowances of the rank
for which he has a brevet. Hitherto, in all acts
creating any office, it has been the custom of the
PederaT Legislature to declare what shall be the
compensation. This has been carried so far that
in creating additional offices of the same grade and
rank of those then in existence, Congress has
thought it proper and necessary to declare that
they shall have the same pay as like officers of
the same rank and grade. Where officers have
been retained in the service upon the reduction
of the Army to the peace establishment, you find
that Congress has thought it necessary to declare
anew what shall be their pay. Thus, in the act
of 1802, in that of 1815, and in that of 1821, Con-
gress deemed it proper, in reducing the number of
officers, to declare what should be the pay and
emolument of those who were retained in the
service, notwithstanding there was then upon the
statute-book provisions fixing the pay of officers
of the particular rank and grade to which they
might belong.
The construction given to this resolution is
contrary to the whole policy of our legislation.
It is in contravention of the practice of Congress,
as illustrated in every act which can be adduced
in reference to the Army, or the creation of officcs.
or the reduction of the number of officers. But,
sir, how can Senators gravely maintain that it
was the "purpose of this resolution of February,
1855, to give to General Scott arrears of pay from
the time of his distinguished service in Mexico ?
Was such a construction placed on it during the
debate m this or tho other House of Congress ?
I deny it. Forsooth, no one has ventured to as-
sert it. There was not the remotest allusion to
any auears of pay that would accrue to General
Scott. Everything that was said by the advo-
cates of the resolution as to his pay was prospect-
ive. There was not a word uttered m regard to
its retrospective operation in increasing his pay
and emoluments. General Shields, himself a dis-
tinguished officcr of the Army, who had illustrated
our military annals by glorious service in Mex-
ico, when called upon to state what would be the
effect of this resolution, answered, like a soldier
who understood the nature of brevets, that it
would not necessarily increase the pay of Gen-
eral Scott. When pressed for an explanation of
his meaning he said, substantially, that to entitle
him to the pay of a brevet lieutenant general, it
was necessary that tho President should assign
him to the command, and that he should exercise
the duties of that office. Such is already the
provision of the laws of the United States. Such
is already the provision of the regulations of the
Army. In 1828, General Jackson,construing the
law as it then existed, made, among other regula-
tions, this:
" In regularly constituted commands, f,uch n* garrisons,
post*, departments, regiment's, coip-, 'companies, banat-
ionf, brigades, divis-ion^, or Aimy brevet lank is
not to be"exercised, except on special alignment.^
Now I ask, is it not utterly absurd to talk of
General Scott exorcising the duties of brevet
lieutenant general by assjgnmentof the President,
at a time anterior to the passage of this resolution
—at a tune when the office of lieutenant general
did not exist—at a time when the President had
no power to assign him to such duty? Besides,
did General Scott exercise the duties of lieutenant
general at that time, even admitting that the office
was in existence 5 I deny that he did. The dut^
of lieutenant general, as declined in the act of
1798, was to command the armies of the United
States; and we know that General Scott did not
command the armies of the United States in the
war with Mexi<4fc General Scott exercised no
command over the armies on the 11 jo Grande, or
in California. General Taylor, General Kearny,
and General Wool, at different periods of that
service, were as independent of General Scott's
control as he was of theirs. Hedtd not then fulfill
