1058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
tempt, and scorn. Indeed, sir, if such a claim
had been urged by a subaltern officcr, I believe
he would have been court-martialed. Can high
rank—can elevated official position justify, or even
excuse, these extraordinary and illegal demands
of General Scott ? Shall we, sir, approve and pay
them? Shall we, by the adoption of this propo-
sition, rebuke the Secretary of War for his firm-
ness and integrity in resisting these monstrous,
exorbitant, illegal, and unwarrantable claims, and
say that he has done injustice to the old soldier,
and we will redress his wrongs by granting all
that he asks ?
Sir, not only is this measure at variance with
all past legislation on the subject of our military
establishment—not only is it contrary to the act
of 1798, and to subsequent congressional enact-
ments in regard to the pay of amajorgeneral, but
it is at war with our whole policy in respect to
claims for arrears of pay. If an officer of the
Army asks for a pension because of disability
incurred from wounds received in the public ser-
vice in time of war, the law and the practice of
the Departments allow him pay only from the
time he completes his proof of disability. In the
several acts creating widows' pensions, adverted
to the other day by the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Green,] wherever i£was contemplated by !
the law-maker to allow any arrears of pension, it j
was so expressly provided in the law. In the !
several general pension laws—that of 1838, that [
of 1832, that of 1838, and indeed in till of them— j
wherever it was intended to allowanything ante- i
rior to the dafe of the act, it was so expressly \
provided. According to universal construction,
all laws take effect from their date. The idea
that, by retrospective operation of the resolution
of February, 1855, General Scott should be re-
garded and treated as a lieutenant general from
the date of his distinguished services in Mexico,
and realize the pay and allowances of that grade,
is utterly preposterous; because, to .sustain such a
claim, you must suppose that lie had been specially
assigned to the command of lieutenant general,
had discharged the duties of that com.mand, and
had rendered the services required of him in that j
position, at a time when no such rank was in !
existence. Pay does not attach to the mere title I
or office of brevet. Pay is the reward of service
performed in the rank to which a man is bre- |
veted; and no one can believe or will say that '
General Scott wore the brevet of lieutenant gen- |
oral, or occupied the rank of lieutenant general,
or had the command of a lieutenant general, or
was assigned to the duties of a lieutenant general,
anterior to the passage of the resolution of the
15th of February, 1855.
I object, then, to this amendment, because it !!
does not give the true interpretation of the reso- 'j
lution of February 15, 1855, or that which was !j
given by its advocates before its adoption by Con- ;j
gress, 1 object to the amendment, because it pro- jl
Eoses to give in pay and allowances to General ii
cott more than he would receive if the resolution
of February, 1855, had redacted the fifth section
of the act of 1798, creating the office of lieutenant J
general. I object to it, because it gives to General !,
Scott even more than any law that is or has been j!
upon our statute-books, relating to the pay and !j
allowances of Army officers, would warran% I j!
object to it, because it is couched m such language !:
as to make upon the public mind the impression [j
that it is but carrying out the intention of a for- ;j
mer act of Congress, and according to Geneial j!
Scott his just and legal rights; whereas, in truth, |!
it is bestowing upon him a pure gratuity of more j'
than twenty-eight thousand dollars of pretended j
arrears of pay, and increasing his present com- 1
pensation of lulty $10,000 a year to about fifteen i
thousand dollars a year; and this, too, in conces- !!
sion to a ravenous cupidity which is untrammeled j*
by personal or official pride, and can scarcely be lj
restrained by the laws of the land, or the re  la- i
tionsof the Army. And this is done on the giound !i
of his great services and small pay, notwithstand- ji
ing General Seott has always claimed and received lj
more compensation in pay and allowances than j|
any other officer of the same rank ever claimed or i;
received; and notwithstanding he has gotten for his ij
services from 2Sth December, 1846, to October 31, j!
1855—a period of less than nine years—near |j
$89,000. Far from regarding him neglected or jl
poorly compensated, I think he has been more |j
honored and better paid for his services than any !'
other officer of the Army. He has less cause to
complain of the smallness of the compensation
granted him than wo have to complain of the
largeness of his demands; and I might add, the
illegality of his graspings. The President has
been but too generous to him in the liberal allow-
ances granted, and the Secretary of War but too
eral Washington, because that would he treason.
| I know that if I were to attempt it, I should find
| myself throwing him in the shade of the contrast
with the historical reputation of the greatest man
j that lived in his age. I shall not attempt it. My
: veneration, gratitude, and ail that can contribute
! to form an opinion, would forbid, as a matter of
just to the country in the exorbitant demands |J judgment, that I should attempt any such corn-
refused; but neither the legal justice of the one, j parison. I will say, however, that if General
nor the partial equity of the other, will satisfy Scott were to die to-morrow, I would vote $40,000
the insatiate desires of General Scott. He ap- '! to make a monument to him; but I prefer now to
peals to Congress, amL you are about to decide in j: have alivingmonument of our gratitude and mag-
favor of his claim, SPRnst the law and the equity i j nanimity, instead of one of marble, to a man who
of the case, and without an excuse to sustain ji has sustained the reputation of his country.
your judgment, in my opinion, unless it bo the
alarming plethora of the Treasury and the neces-
sity of depletion.
Mr. BUTLER. It is somewhat singular, Mr.
President, that the first speech I ever made in the
Senate was against bestowing the rank of lieuten-
ant general upon one of the civilians of this coun-
try—I mean Colonel Benton. I have no unkind
feelings toward him; on the contrary, I proclaim
here that my feelings have become rather kindly
towards him in some considerations, than other-
wise. But the first speech I ever made in the
] Senate of the United States was against creating
a lieutenant generalcy over General Scott. I said
then, and I maintain it now, that General Scott
was entitled to the first rank, as far as I had any
opportunities of judging of military qualifications,
and I will say that the events have illustrated and
verified all that 1 undertook to maintain oil that
occasion. The most scientific men in theAimy—
not the mere chivalrous young men, but the first
men m the Army—have maintained that he was
entitled to this position. If that rank had been
conferred upon Colonel Benton, I suppose my
friend front Alabama would have conceded to him
the right to all this pay. He would have a right
to all the pay which was carried incidentally with
the rank, and he would have been entitled to it;
and yet the man that went into battle—into a
campaign—and has won the right to it, is to be
denied that which I suppose the Democratic party
at that day was willing to confer on another.
I said some time since, that perhaps partiality
had some little inlluenoe on me. 1 say it now. I
agree to what my friend from Alabama said; that
1 did regard it as throwing the laurel upon the
brow of General Scott. Yes, sir, I regarded him
as passing through the triumphal arch, and that
the country was awarding to him the laurel as he
returned in triumph from Mexico. That was my
feeling; that was my belief; that was my senti-
ment. I thought that, as he returned to his coun-
try, it was not an ovation, but a triumph, and
that the laurel had been bestowed on him; and I
was willing it should be bestowed on him.
I rejoice that the grant of the commission of a
lieutenant general to General Scott carried with
it more than a laurel. I do not hesitate to say
that I rejoice at it. Suppose I were to make a
grant to-morrow to any one of what was supposed
to be mere barren land, and suppose it should
contain treasure—gold,sliver,and precious stones:
am I to deny him the right to the grant? No,
sir. When I made the grant to General Scott I
really believed, at the time, that it was one of
those things which, in Roman language, conveyed
an emblem of glory; but I am rejoiced that 1 made
a grant which carried with it more than that. Let
them take the scales to-monow, and put the blood
he has shed m battle m one scale, and the money
in the other—let them take the reputation which
General Seott has acquired m history, and put the
money in the other—and as a judge t wiH say,
that the country has gained a reputation by the
services of General Scott, and I am not going to
deprive him of the advantage of it. I thank God
that he has won it.
Sir, General Scott has not appropriated his pay
to himself. I am told by those who served in
Mexico that he never spent a dollar tor himself,
and at this day he is poor, A man who has had the
temptations of Cccsar, and has demeaned himself • the way he proposes
with the purity of Camiilus, when he had armies ;; Befor" i proceed, ]
at his command—I do not say he could have com- '
mauded them for his owe purposes, for they were
citizens of the United States, and 1 do not believe
he could have done so—but with ah the tempta-
tions before him he has never abused the trust
that has been committed to him. 1 do not under-
take to say that I would compare him with Gen. i' ing truth and right, and then to follow them.
If General Scott, according to the construction
of the act creating the office of lieutenant gen-
eral,is entitled to this pay—I did not say origin-
ally, when I voted for it, that ho was entitled to
it—and it brings with it something to feed him,
something to clothe him, and something, as the
gentleman has said, to supporthis table, I am per-
fectly satisfied. What has been his table? It has
not been the tabic of selfishness. In Mexico, as
I know, his guests were those who participated
i in, and not only participated in but exhausted hi3
' hospitality, and he had to borrow money. For
whom did he borrow it? Not for himself; but for
the honor of his flag, and the honor of his coun-
try. When you talk of giving money for schemes
of speculation, three or four millions of dollars is
considered as nothing; but when you speak of
giving General Scott the pay that attaches to the
rank of lieutenant general, from the taking of
| Vera Cruz, objection is made to it. I am not a
i military critic, but I understand from military
I critics that the landing of our troops and the
] taking of Vera Cruz was one of the most marked
t achievements in military history.
It was at the very time, when General Scott
was besieging Vera Cruz, that it was proposed to
supersede him by a lieutenant general who would
have obtained all this pay, because if Colonel
Benton had been made lieu tenant general he would
have had the pay attached to the rank. I do not
say that Colonel Benton would have failed in
Mexico; but when itwas proposed to make Colo-
nel Benton a lieutenant general, I opposed it in the
first speech 1 ever made in the Senate. I hope
that gentleman will understand that I have no
unfiiendly feelings towards him; my feelings are
rather the contrary to him. I maintained then,
that he should not have the rank which General
Seott had earned by his achievements, which I
do not think could have been excelled in any war
I believe, that at the termination of the Mexican
war, with his eight thousand men, he could have
whipped any sixteen thousand men that could
have been brought on the field of battle anywhere.
I would risk the eight thousand men in Mexico
under General Scott, with my friend [Air. \Vi:l-
lf.r] among them, and they could have whipped
any sixteen thousand men that could be brought
againstthem. [Laughtei.j That is my opinion.
Who w. re they? They were volunteers who
went to Alexico intending to distinguish them-
selves. They approached to the spirit of the men
who fell at ThermopyhT. They had eitleu- to
fight, or to run and be condemned in a gazette,
and a gazette is a pretty hard tiling to hear. I
say give this pay to the old veteran. I would
give it to him as a pension. I had a right to give
him this rank, and I shall rejoice to see liim receive
the pay attaching to it. I do not believe in the
notion of raising monuments of marble costing
twenty or thiity thousand dollars to the memory
of a man when you deny hun the right to live
and be clothed in his own lifetime.
Air. TOOMBS. I will beg the indulgence of
the Senate for less than ten minutes, to allow me
to make a brief reply to some remarks—1 do not
intend to answer the argument—of one gentleman
[Mr. Clay] who has spoken elaborately and ably
on this subject. 1 shall simply give the reason
why, admitting that he has been successful m his
position, the Senate ought to vote differently from
to vote.
proceed, I desire to tender my thanks
; to my honoiable friend from California, [Air.
; Wi:li.er,] who, with his usual candor and mag-
j nuiimiuy, when his objection to this proposition
i was answered by an amendment to it, conceded
■ if. It was worthy of him, and of 3ns character
; for candor and fair dealing as a legislator, seek-
