1062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
■whose confidence I have so long enjoyed whilst
in their midst.
Mr. ALLEN. In the tariff bill, as sent from
the Senate to the House, gray cottons, printed
and dyed, were all in one schedule, and I should
be very much gratified, indeed, if they could have
been continued in the same class without making
any distinction between the dyed and gray mate-
rial ; but rather than lose the bill, I must vote for it,
contrary to my wishes and views in this respect.
Mr. RUSK. I am called upon to give a vote
on this question in very much of a hurry, and
considerably in the dark. I shall cast that vote
in favor of the report of the committee of confer-
ence with great reluctance. I feel that I am acting
in thjs case almost as a machine in the hands of
the committee of conference of the House of Rep-
resentatives and Senate of the United States. All
these paradoxical ideas that the reduction of taxes
will increase the revenue, has no effect upon me.
My reluctance to vote for this report of the com-
mittee of conference is increased by the fact that
I have a very strong conviction on my mind that
if we had stood firmly by our first amendment,
or by the bill as it was passed by the Senate, we
should have had the plan of a reduction of taxes
in a much more palatable and just form than that
in which this report presents itself to me, and a
fairer and better reduction of the revenue.
But, sir, we-have yielded, I have yielded, but
I beg to be understood as not having yielded from
a fear of having a surplus in the Treasury. I
know that it is attended with bad consequences,
but those consequences are nothing like so great
as would flow from levying taxes for the benefit
of particular sections and particular interests,
when yoa do not need them in the public Treas-
ury, and by that means making whole classes of
your fellow-citizens dependent upon the action of
this Government for the accumulation of wealth.
In my judgment, it is a bad policy, but it would
also be a very bad policy in me to consume the
time of the Senate, which is now so very precious,
and which should be wholly devoted to the gen-
eral business of the country. With this protest,
I shall content myself with voting for the report
of the committee of conference.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I do not
know that I.shall make any apology or promise
in regard to this subject; but still I know and am
perfectly aware, as other gentlemen are, that this
is a foregone question—it is settled. We are at
this time to pass this compromise, as it is called;
but I wish to make a few remarks concerning it,
not that I suppose they will have any effect upon
anybody.
Here the manufacturers of woolens seem to
have struck hands with a new set of friends to
them entirely, not their old friends, the wool-
growers and farmers of the country, but a new
set of friends altogether. Their protection, as
they have it now arranged, and as it is stated in
this report, is twenty-four per cent, on wool and
woolens. What does that give the manufacturer ?
It is calculated on all hands that the material is
just one half the value of the wool itself. It is
so stated by the Secretary of the Treasury, and
it is so stated generally. Then the manufacturer
can go abroad and buy his wool, as a foreigner
buys it, and bring it in, paying twenty-four per
cent, or one third of the value of the manufac-
tured article, and the foreign manufacturer will
have to pay three times as much as the American
manufacturer pays for his material; so that the
latter has in his hands, in meeting the foreign
manufacturer in our market, two hundred per
cent., on the price of the materials in his advan-
tage. That is the addition of it; the American
manufacturer pays twenty-four per cent, on the
material, while the foreign manufacturer pays
twenty-four per cent, on the whole fabric. Then,
of course, the foreign manufacturer has to pay
just three times as much as the American man-
ufacturer in our market, upon what is offered for
sale, as a protection to our own manufacturer.
He is provided for.
But, in the meantime, they are not content with
the duty upon wool, which I have here consid-
ered in its bearings and relations, but a provision
is made, not as in the House bill, that foreign
wool of coarse character, costing fifteen cents at
the place of importation, should 6e admitted duty
free—that would have been well enough, because
that would not let in foreign wools that cost over
| ten cents a pound—but in this report, it is so en- |
i larged as to admit all wool costing twenty cents I
| a pound at the place of exportation, which would !
! let in wool costing twenty-seven, twenty-eight, or j
i thirty cents, duty free. This does come into corn- '
j petition with American wool. The wool-grower :
i is not to bo protected, unless in tins way, sub- j
' ject to all the chances of deception in relation to !
the invoice, and subject to this provision, while j
the manufacturer is protected three times as much j
as the wool-grower. I cannot vote for any bill of j
that kind. !
Mr. YULEE. I suppose I shall be under the
necessity to vote for this report of the committee
of conference; but I do not wish to give that vote
without saying that I do it very reluctantly 111- i
deed, and that I regard this as only a temporary
measure. I vote for it only because it will reduce !
the re venue, and, in some degree, reduce the taxes i
upon the people; but, in my opinion, it does not j
rest upon the principles which should govern I
us in the distribution of the burdens of taxation, j
I think that with a tax of ten or fifteen per cent,
levied upon the imports of the country, which
amount now to over $300,000,000, that an ample
revenue could be obtained for the support of the
Government. I think not less than j}45,000,000
or $50,000,000 could be raised by a tax of from
twelve to fifteen per cent, at the extreme upon the
imports of the country.
Air. BRODHEAD. Including tea and coffee ?
Mr. YULEE. Of course, as they should be
included upon every proper revenue principle.
This measure maybe taken, I suppose, as being,
on an average, a tax of about twenty-five per
cent, when you take the free list into account.
Mr. HUNTER. Abouteighteenpercent. We
reduce the schedules in addition to the free list.
Mr. Y'ULEE. Being of the opinion that we
can do nothing better, and there not being force
enough in the two Houses to pass abetter measure
than this, I shall be obliged to vote for it; but I wish
to place upon the record my protest against it,
and the assurance that, so far as my humble vote
is concerned, I shall avail myself of every oppor-
tunity in the future to promote a more just meas-
ure of taxation than I deem this to be.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adarnrf, Bell of Tennessee, Benjamin,
ISigg?, Biuler, liutler, Clay, Douglas, Evans, Fish, Fitch,
Fit/patrick, Foster, Green, Gvmi, Houston, Huntei, John-
son. Mailory, Mason, Nourse, Pu^h,Reit],Pvtisk, ^pba^tian,
i Seward. Stuart, Toombs, Toucey, Trumbull, Welter, Wil-
son, ami Vuiee—33. j
NAY 6—Messrs. Allen, Brodhead, Onllamer, Foot, Geyer,
James, Wade, and Wngbt—8.
So the report of the committee of conference
was concurred in. !
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report back the bill (H. R.
j\To. 663) making appropriations for the naval j
service for the year ending 30th of June, 1858.
I will state, in regard to this bill, that the amend- j
ments to it were all sent up from the House to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and the amend-
ments will all come from that committee. I have :
none to offer from the Committee on Finance. I ;i
move to take up the bill now.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill.
Mr. MALLORY. I have several amendments
of the Committee of Ways and Means of the
House of Representatives to offer from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. The first amendment
is m page 3, after the word " and," in the forty-
fourth line, to strike out the word " sixty," and
insert " eighty." The item appropriates for cer-
tain contingent expenses the sum of $880,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment of
the Committee on Naval Affairs is, after line forty-
seven, to insert the following:
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to arm and man the
ordnance --.hip Plymouth; at tlioWashington navy-yard,WJth
a view to improved ordnance and gunnery practice, $-19,000.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Is that amendment rec-
ommended by the Secretary of the Navy ?
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir. I have his recom-
mendation before me; and it also passed through
the Committee of Ways and Means of the House
of Representatives.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment of
the Committee on Naval Alfairs js, m pn^e 3. lines
fifty-five and fifty-six, to strike out ^3*4,51)3 18,
and insoit $359,691 08.
That amendment has been luidered necessary
by the increase of the pay of the Maiine Corps
consequent upon th^ passage of the bill inci eas-
ing the pay of the Army.
Air. WELLER. Their pay was increased
two years ago.
Mr. MALLORY. They are paid the same as
the Army.
Mr. WELLER. That shows the injustice of
it. There is another fact in regard to this amend-
ment which I wish to state. There are three
officers, I believe, here at the navy-yard, who
are now drawing double rations, ostensibly in
command of sepaiate posts, which, in my judg-
ment, is a great outrage. The three marine offi-
cers I speak of, draw double rations as if they
were in command of separate posts. One of*
them commands eight men at the entrance, who
are sentinels pacing backwards and forwards;
another commands a parcel of marines m there;
and the third is the commander-in-chief, General
Henderson; and all draw double rations. That
shows the beauty of these double rations m the
Marine Corps.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion, and declared that the noes seemed to have it.
Mr. MALLORY. Thisameudme nt is not un-
derstood at all. Congress has passed a bill mci eas-
ing the pay of the Army. The pay of the Marine
Corps is exactly in accordance with the pay of the
Army, and the Army bill you have passed renders
this additional appropriation necessary since the
original estimates were made. This is to give
them pay precisely in accordance with the pay
of the Army.
Mr. WELLER. Very few, if any, Senators
would have voted to increase the pay of the Army
if they supposed that by that they were increas-
ing also the pay of the Marine Corps. I happen
to know that fact. It is part of my duty to know
it. I do not think the intention of Congress was
to increase the pay of the Marine Corps, and
therefore I am unwilling to vote the appropria-
tion.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to hear the amendment
again read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. MALLORY. This sum is the estimate
of the Department, and is also the estimate of the
Committee of Ways and Means of the House of
Representatives. It is rendered necessary by the
passage of the bill increasing the pay of officers.
Mr. WELLER. Will theSenatorfrom Florida
be good enough to inform me how much of it is
in consequence of the bill increasing the pay?
Mr. MALLORY. All of it. This sum con-
tains nothing but what is rendered necessary by
that bill.
Mr. WELLER. I estimated that the increased
pay of the Army, in consequence of that bill,
would be between six and seven hundred thousand
dollars. I did not take into that calculation
§300,000 for the Marine Corps. I now set it down
as $1,000,000 increase of the expenditure of the
Government by the passage of that bill the other
day.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is a tolerably large
increase, and I hope the Senate will not adopt any
proposition of this sort without a full explana-
tion and full estimate. To-day we commenced
raising the salaries of judges. The moment a
single salary is raised, every other officer claims
an increase. We are going on raising salaries of
all the officers of the Government. A short time
since we increased the pay of the Army. Now
the Marine Corps comcs in. I should like to know
what merit the Marine Corps has above the whole
Navy. I trust there will be full consideration
before we take another step towards advances in
that direction.
Mr. MALLORY. I knowthereis notamember
of this body who will be more ready to do entire
justice than my friend from Arkansas, and I am
certain he did not hear the explanation. He
knows us well as I do, that the Maiine Corps is
paid precisely in accordance with the assimilated
ranks of the Army, and not of the Navy. When
you passed the bill increasing the pay of the
Army, you were increasing the pay of tlio
