1064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March %
shall have thrown away the money already ex- ! to any that we have had. Tliis is the entering
pended in preparing them for publication. This | wedge. If these books ever reached the people
is a worse case than Scott's, where notoriously j for whom they were designed, I might not object
it was understood that we were granting honoris so much, though I tlunk it extravagant; but we
know that about half or more of them arc stolen
out of the post office, and I think we might as
well put a stop to it.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, seven years
since, just after the acquisition of California, our
American vessels extended their visits more widely
than they had before done in the Pacific ocean,
and opened a trade and commerce there, and our
whaling ships ascended higher, entered Beliring's
Straits, and discoveredthereanewfishmgground,
which proved very valuable. It was represented
to Congress by the navigating interest of Boston,
j New York, and elsewhere, that there were no
; maps of the China seas, and of the Behring's
| straits, except British and French charts, which
I were very old and very defective. As all the world
j knows, navigation conducted upon' charts, which
are of doubtful accuracy, or which are erroneous,
j is attended with the loss of property and of life.
: Congress, at, I think, the first session I was here,
I made an appropriation for sending out, and di-
| rected to be sent out, an expedition to explore
! those seas for the purpose of saving the lives and
| propeity of American citizens. It was doing ill
j regaid to those seas no more than we are doing
through the Observatory under the labors of Lieu-
tenant Maury, and no more than we arc doing for
our own coast under the Coast Survey. Lieuten-
ant Maury makes charts of the seas from his ob-
servations; and the Coast Survey triangulates the
entire coast for the purpose of producing charts.
This is precisely what has been done by the offi-
cers of these two expeditions. I have spoken of
one of them, because I was more familiar with
that.
Like the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, I have been in the rooms of the officers
who have been preparing these charts. I have
seen them and examined them. I know that, they
have corrected a grcdf many wnns in the British
and French charts which were used before, and
that they are preparing a set of charts which will
supersede ali others; and it is reasonable to ex-
Bierely, and now we find a large amount of money
follows. If you make this appropriation you j
cannot escape a publication. Let these officers <
of the Army and Navy, who are constantly pre- j
senting explorations, complete them before they i
bring them here; let us see what is to be the cost}
before we order their printing. I protest, at any j
rate, that it is not right to do this on an appro- |
priation bill.
Mr. MALLORY. I fully appreciate every
word that my friend from Arkansas has said, and
if his zeal were expended upon a proper occasion
I should thank him for it. Perhaps I do believe
everything that is said to me as much as he does;
but when he says that I propose this amendment
"withoutunderstanding it, I beg to say to him 
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator misunderstands
me. I believe he thinks he understands it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MALLORY. I not only think I do, but
I know I do; and I know my friend does not. I
have before me the estimate of the Navy Depart-
ment for every item, made after full investigation;
and I ask that it be read.
The Secretary read, as follows;
Navy Department. February 2418,'>7.
sir i x have the honor to submit herewith, estimates of
the sums required for the fiscal year 1857-58, for piopainiu
for publication the surveys of the Jute expedition to the
North Pacific occan and BchringV< Strait--. u(ul lor finishing
the publication of the charts made by the late exped.tion
for the expioratiouand survey of the river La Plata and trib-
utaries.
1 am, sir. very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. C. DOBBIN.
Hon. L. D. Campbem., Chairman Committee oj Ways and
Means, House of Representatives.
Estimate of the sum required for the fiscal year 1&S7-5R,
to prepare for publication the survey*, &o., of the late ex-
pedition to the North Pacific ocean -mil B^hiaig^ Stnuu:
Salary of drau^htMnin 
Salary of assistant draught-man  i ,-JUO
Salaiy of s>ecoud assistant diaught-njun   1,-JUC>
Salary of clerk     700
Rent of office      
Fuel  I'/O
Purchase and repair of instrument*  ycO
Kepairs of furniture  60
Stationery      3:20
Unenumerated expenses    2.10
Total   .   $8,760
Messenger.im ;i Pect t{l(?y will result m a saving of life and ;
' j | of property. Jt is just like the Coost Survey. !
}j The Superintendent of the Coast Survey is now
/sitting behind mc with a representative of the j
jj navigatingliUerostfrom the Deptutment,and thev !;
,j seem to be veiy much surprised at the idea that lj
we should be willing, for a moment, on account p
jj of a mere expense of five or six thousand dollars, 11
ji to refuse the publication of charts which, if they i
J save a single vessel from shipwreck, will repay /
| the Government tenfold what they cost. il
j Mr. JOILNSON. When I perceived, Mr. Pres- <>
; ident, that tins amendment had some marine ;i
j appearance about it, and some interest connected j;
j with the sea* and with commerce abroad, I con- "
; fidently expected, of course, that it would meet 'J
j the sympathy and support of the Senator from !
! Now ^.'orlc, because that Senator, as\>very one 1
i knows, feels sensitively alive to his duties, cspr-
| cially in regard to any question connecting itself 'j
| with the broad seas from North to South. I .
| called the attention of the Senate to our regula-
■ tions connected with printing. I stated that all j
■ these matters could have been presented by a res- 'i
, olution long ago as well as by an amendment to
! an appropriation bill. Then we couid have esti- '
1 mated the cost; then wc could have passed a res- '■
| ohuion sueh as we have passed in regard to the ■'
; Patent Office repoit, and a variety of other reports j,
; in regard to our internal affairs, and couid have
Mr. MALLORY. If my friend from Arkansas
had read the amendment carefully, he would have
seen that it is to prepare charts for publication.
It would take my fuend six months to examine
them. They are charts of explorations and sur-
veys made on board these respective ships, where
the officers had but very little opportunity to
extend them. They bring home their extended
notes and surveys, and an? now engaged m the
office work of preparing them for publication—
not for submitting them to the press at all. If
you suspend the appropriation, these men go
abroad; you lose their services, and you may
never have them again. In preparing these charts
■with accuracy, you require the services of the
men who originally assisted to plot them down
on paper. The appropriation is a very small one.
I have been at the office; I have examined the
charts, and I know their value. The estimate
was examined by the Committee of Ways and
Means of the House of Representatives, and ap-
proved. _That is all I have to say.
Mr. PUGrH. This is to pay for writing a book.
Mr. MALLORY. No book at all.
t • - rS'
1 limited the work and required it to be completed '
7i/r mrr-u 7. • , i: Wit^ a view to publication, within aspecified time. !'
Mr, PUGH. it is to prepare results for pub- j: Now, however, the rules of this body are to be 1
Ucation. It means a bookt> It means nothing j{ over-ridden, and these orders put on approniia- \
f. ae\ It„saY®  "/or preparing results for pub- jj lion bills. Every Department that knows the ■'
hcation. ^ vY e do not want a chart for publica- ;j rigidity of your rules, and the manner in which 11
tion. It is to pay these gentlemen for writing a ? they are executed on ordinary occasions, will, I
from this time forward, in regard to their publica- ■ i
( tsons, avoid the ordeal of being brought before
i the Senate in the proper way, as surely as you or
| I would not ask the Senate to pass a private bill 1
; if we thought we could more easily get it on a ;
    ' 1 Do this, aud Senators
. • publica
It is to pay these gentlemen for writing a
book; give them scribes, office rent, and every-
thing else; and when the book is written, my
friend from Arkansas will be ealledon to printit.
Mr. JOHNSON. Extra numbers at that.
Mr, PU&H. He will be told, u We have pre-
pared a book for publication in accordance with
an item in the appropriation bill, and it will be a
great shame not to print it." 1 warn the Senate
that, if they adopt this amendment, they are just
as surely committed to another set of books as
| public appropriation bill. _
j hereafter will insist on putting their publication
| schemes upon the appropriation bills. J trust the
j Senatt will not now order publications to be pre- !
' pared and made, until they are submitted to them |
regularly under the rules of the Senate, which
have provided for all such cases.
Mr. PUGtl culled for the yeas and nays, and
they were oidered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 03, nays 12; as follows:
—.Me-srs. Allen, Bell of Tennessee, Benjamin,
Collamer, Crittenden, I>nrkcc. I<Vh, Fitch. Foot, Fo.-ter,
Ge\ ci, Gwm. Harlan, Malloiv. Mason, Xout^e, Soward,
Stuart, Thomson ol New Jersey, Trumbull, Wilson,
Wnnht, and Yulee —r23.
NAYS—Messrs'. Adams. Burs^, Butler, Evan?, Green,
Houston, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee,
; Pugb, fieid, and Sebastian—12.
! So the amendment was agreed to.
i
I Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment is to
' insert, after line seventy-nine:
i Tor the rcappropnation of tint sum carried to the surplus
- fund, lieinjj the amount dae to Thomas Baimun, of t'ori-
| nccfieut, for pnze money, as appears fiorn the prize Ii-t of
I the fine squadron, on file in the office of the Fourth Audi-
■ tor of the Tieasurv, $214 89.
i The amendment was agreed to.
[ Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment of
i the Committee on Naval Affairs is to insert as a
] new scction:
I JinJ he it further enactcd* That the Sccrctarv of the Navy,
under the direction of the President of the United States,
' be, and he is hereby, authonzed to cause a stone dry-dock
for thcyiaval service to be consftucted, upon the most ap-
! proved plan, at the navy-yard at Pen^acola, Florida, and
that towards defrayms the expense thereof the sum of
$100,000 be, and the same hereby, appiopriated out of
; any monev m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
| Mr. BRODIIEAD, I can never a^ree to vote
: for this amendment. We have just finished the
construction of a dock at Pcnsacola that has cost
; $1,000,000. I believe it has not been off the con-
'' tractors' hands six months—certainly not a year.
II We were told by gentlemen whom I now see in
; [ the Senate, that that dock at Pensacola was one
of the most approved in the country. We paid,
i; under legislative contracts, for building these sec-
; tional floating dry-docks at Kittery, Philadelphia,
;; Pensacola, and at California, about four million
dollars; and now the proposition of the Senator
i; from Florida is to tear down the dry-dock at Pen-
|| sacola, which has cost §1,000,000, and build up
.'i another. One hundred thousand dollars is pro-
j1 posed to be appropriated at the present time for
tins object; but 1 suppose it will'cost $1,500,000
■ before it is completed. Our Navy is nqit large.
! Wc build but about one ship a year, and we have
1 got eight navy-yards. We have recently made
! provision for establishing another at Brunswick,
: m Georgia. That will cost some four or five mil-
j lions before we shall have finished it.
i Now, sir, is this amendment proper? It is a
; wasteful expenditure of public money. It must
i be acknowledged here, in the face of gentlemen
< that I see around me, that they made special legis-
| lative contracts—ordered contracts to be made
! with certain contractors for putting up these docks.
But I do not wis!) to occupy the time of the Sen-
ate, because I think the amendment will be voted
down, and Chat the Senate does not intend to com-
mence the building of a new dock there.
Mr. MALLORY. I am not surprised that the
Senator from Pennsylvania should dissent from
a measure so peculiarly southern as this. I ex-
pected it from him. This is a national measure.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It is a southern one.
Mr. MALLORY. It is a national measure,
but located at the South.
Now, sir, what have we to do with the fact that
Congress has heretofore built a useless dock at
any navy-yard? Had I been in Congress at the
time the pioposition was made to build that dock,
as the Senator from Pennsylvania was, I should
have opposed it, as lie did; and I should have
said, with him, that the dock would be useless.
It never should have been built.
I have the estimates of the cost of the dock
before me, and I wish to give the Senate full in-
formation about the whole history of these dock&.
Tins <*ost $553,000, and the basin and railway
•*304,000, making $917,000, or nearly a million of
dollars, The dock has never been the value of
six and a quarter cents to the Government, and
never can he, and that ou<;ht to have been known
when the dock was ordered to be constructed. The
Senator from Pennsylvania opposed it. Why
did he not then bring in a proposition to build a
stone dock * He knew then, as-well as he knows
now, that a dock, unless it is a stone structure,
and not a wooden one, is worthless. The Secre-
taries of the Navy, from time to tune, have rec-
ommended this construction of a stone dock.
