1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL «LOfiE.
1065
Now, sir, you have expended upon this navy-
yard at Pensacola, the largest navy-yard in the
world, the sum of $2,416,000 from its inception.
You have there every means and appliance for the
construction of ships,but prejudice againstevery
southern position has thus far induced your Gov-
ernment to go to Pensacola, and cut the live-oak
and pine from the very gates of the yard, and
transfer itto the northern States, and there to build
ships. A stone dock will not cost §1,500,000, as
the Senator states, but it can be done for $300,000.
This is the only liavy-yard you have between
the Chesapeake and Texas—the only one for the
entire Gulf of Mexico, except the rendezvous you
have established at Brunswick. Would any one
■wish to abolish it? If you design to continue
this yard, you must have a stone dock there.
Congress ordered a survey of the dock, and, to
show its present condition, I will read the words
of the survey:
" Tile results of the examination show that the rot has
decidedly manifested itself in the large timbers constituting
the lituning of the side walla, and in the upright timber-, of
the g.ue^ of the dock ; and the boaul, considering the prog-
lesa of decay since tiie conjunction of the dock, and ibc
causes winch will facilitate the further deterioration ot tins
stiuetuic, fuo of the opinion that, alter the lapse of five (5)
years, it will he hazardous to doek a ship, unless the sides
of the doek and its gates shall have been first recon-
structed."
The report then goes on to give the causes of
deterioration in this wooden dock, and I will say
that this deterioration must have affected all docks
in warm climates in the same maimer:
" 1. The partial filling only of the side walls with water,
and the high tempoiature winch exists m those leoesses.
" 2. The exposuie of the ends of the upright timbers of
the gates, without covciing, to the influence ot the sun and
ram. * „ ,
"3 The partial filling only of the main chamber .of the
dock with water, and the exposuie of this part to the
weather.
" Under the item, therefore, of deterioration of doclt, the
board is of opinion that the annual expenditiue will be Horn
forty to fifty thousand dollars during the next five (o)
years."
The report concludes that the deterioration of
this dock will be fi\>iu forty to fifty thousand dol-
lars ill five years, and goes on to say:
" Annual expense of maintaining the dock in a working
condition —Under this head are enumerated only those cur-
rent and usual repairs incident to ail otherwise sound con-
dition of tlie dock.
"The floating-gate of the basin is much eaten with the
worms, and will routine reconstruction, at a cost of $13,000.
This sum, being divided by the number of years repiesent-
ing the piobable duration of the dock, will give, as the
annual amount of repaus, $2,600."
The annual cost of repairs the report estimates
at $8,100. They proceed:
" The boaid, having decided on a suitable site for the
location of a stone dry-dock, (sketch A,) examined with
great care the leooids ot borings, made in lormer years ill
tills vicinity, and likewise executed a boring at one point of
the proposed ute.
" The information thus obtained, as well as the experi-
ence derived lioin the successful construction of the pei ma-
nent wharf, leave no doubtof the practicability of construct-
ing a stone dry-dock at a reasonable cost."
They then go on to show how the dock may
be constructed. N(5w, sir, here is a dock which,
ill five years, will not be worth a single cent. It
is not worth repairing now. No ship has ever
been taken up upon it except a small sloop-of-
war belonging to the Navy. It is unfit for use;
it is an expense to the Government. No appro-
priation is made in this bill for the keeping or
repairing of that dock, and none is contemplated.
Mr. STUART. Has there"been any estimate
of the cost of a stone dock made ?
Mr. MALLORY. I have the estimate—which
I should not be governed by—of the cost of the
Brooklyn dry-dock and others. The estimate
for the dock at Brooklyn is §1,524,000. That is
one of the largest docks in the world; but we are
not compelled to build a dock of that description
at Pensacola. If we design to have a dock at all
at this navy-yard, we should have a stone one.
The Naval Committee are unanimous on this sub-
iect. If you are willing to abandon the navy-yard
at that place, then make no dock there. It would
have been cheaper to the Government if they had
allowed this dock to float off; it is nothing but a
scow. ,
But I should like to know the reason why every
proposition made for the Pensacola yard, since 1
have had the honor to have a seat on this floor,
meets with opposition from northern gentlemen.
Where is the propriety of it? It is one of the
largest and most useful yards in the possession
of the Government. I have met this opposition
in the Departments; but I was not prepared for
it here. I have endeavored in Congress to have
a ship constructed at that yard. There is alive-
oak plantation there at the very gates of the yard,
which we are at large expense to maintain; and
yet the Jive-oak is carried from there to Kittery,
Boston, Philadelphia, and New York, for the
purpose of building ships at those places. With-
out any sectional feeling whatever, being as con-
versant with the subject as I am, I feel that I am
discharging a duty to the country in offering
this amendment; but I shall not complain if the
Senate vote it down.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have but one word to
say in reply to the honorable Senator from Flor-
ida. I do not know why he should intimate that
this opposition comes from northern gentlemen
because it is a southern measure.
Mr. MALLORY. I said from the Senator
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BRODI-IEAD. I do not know why I
should be charged with any feeling against the
South. Up in my country the great charge
against me is that I go too far with the southern
people. I believe I have seen the day when I
stood almost single-handed and alone against the
Wilmot proviso. I have been considered about
as sound upon the great southern question as
anybody north of Mason and Dixon's lino. The
charge comes with an ill grace from a gentleman
from the southern country. I have no objection
against the southern States; but the Senator from
Florida knows very well that I have been op-
posing these dry-docks for years, and 1 believe,
if I had had his efficient cooperation at that time,
I Should have been able to defeat those appropri-
ations. *
Mr. MALLORY. I was always opposed to
them, but Congress chose lo build those wooden
docks. I agreed with the Senator entirely m his
opposition to them.
Mr. BRODHEA.D. I ask the Senator if he
did not recommend that this wooden dock should
be taken off the contractor's hands?
Mr. MALLORY. The money had been paid
to the contractors before I came to Congress,
under a decision of the Attorney General. I did,
therefore, the money having been paid to the
contractors, recommend that the dock should be
taken off their hands.
Mr. BRODHEAD. And that released the con-
tractors from their bonds. They had agreed to
make an efficient dock. Not having performed
that agreement, the contractors came to Congress,
and at the instance of the honorable Senator from
Florida, as I understand, they were released.
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir; the gentleman is
mistaken. It was not at my instance.
Mr. BRODHEAD. My recollection is, and I
should be glad to be corrected if I am wrong, that
a provision of law released the contractors, and
took the dock off their hands. I resisted it all the
time. There never was, since this Government
was organized, such an amount of legislative con-
tracting tad jobbing as was done in regard to these
dry-docks at Kittery, at Philadelphia, at Pensa-
cola, and at California. The honorable Senator
now informs us that this dock is worthless. It
has just been taken off the contractor's hands.
How much better is the condition of the dry-
docks at Philadelphia and Kittery, which cost
just as much as the one at Pensacola? I know
nothing about them. I have always declared them
to be utterly worthless, and nothing more than a
I job by which a set of contractors, by legislative
contracts, got nearly four millions of dollars out
of the public Treasury. The construction of these
docks should be left as a question of administra-
tion. I have not vet heard the honorable Senator
from Florida read a recommendation from the
JNavy Department in favor of this dock, winch he
now proposes to construct at an expenditure of
§1,500,000, because these docks generally cost
that amount, or perhaps more than that in the
southern country, where the yellow fever kills oft
the workmen.
Mr. MALLORY. If, in the construction of
great national works demanded by the evident
■ condition of the country, the honorable Senator
| chooses to suspend his opinion, and wait the dic-
j tates of any executive officer, I do not; but, to
' satisfy him, I will state that the Secretary of the
i Navy has recommended this work, and put that
recommendation in his annual report. If the
Senator has not read it, it is not my fault. The
Secretary of the Navy specially pointed out the
evils of those wooden docks, their deterioration,
and the expenditures to which they subjected the
Government, and recommended stone structures
in their stead.
The Senator's opposition to these works has
not referred to a stone dock. His opposition was
against a wooden dock, and in that opposition I
joined him. This dock was recommended to be
used under the opinion of the Attorney General
of the United States, and under that opinion the
present Secretary of the Navy acted. The money
for its construction had all entirely been paid, and
it was deemed at that time that the responsibility
of the builders was entirely released.^ I opposed
these wooden docks; and had I been in Congress
when the honorable Senator was battling against
them, I would have joined him. I know from his
speeches that he did earnestly oppose them, but
I ask him whether he is opposed to a stone dock
where it is essential to the Government? Though
he opposed the structure of a wooden dock, un-
less he takes the ground that there should be no
dock at Pensacola at all, that is no reason why he
should oppose (Jiis proposition, which is to build
one of stone.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion, and declared that the noes seemed to have
it.
Mr. MALLORY. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope I shall be allowed a
division on the amendment. I think there is not
a quorum present.
The question being taken, on a division there
■were—ayes 6, noes 15; no quorum voting.
Mr. STUART. We must have the yeas and
nays in order to get a quorum.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn. [" Oh, no."]
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WELLER. I call for another division.
The question being again taken, on a division
there was no quorum voting.
Mr. STUART. I think Senators will see the
necessity of having the yeas and nays upon this
question, in order to obtain a quorum.
Mr. WELLER. The yeas and nays have been
refused; but I ask for another division.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair did
divide the Senate, but no quorum voted.
Mr. WELLER. Several Senators have come
into the Chamber since that time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Florida.
The question being taken, on a division there
were—ayes 14, noes 17; no quorum voting.
Mr. STUART. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr.*WELLER. The Chair makes a quorum.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is not agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. There was no quorum
voting.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There was a
quorum. On a division there were ayes 14, noes
17: and the Chair made a quorum.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe we are acting wrongly
in this matter. The wooden dock at Pensacola,
it is said, is worn out; and if so, they are entitled
to a new one. I must vote with the Senator from
Florida on that question.
Mr. MALLORY. I read the printed report of
the commission appointed to examine this dock,
and the repairs which, if it is continued, it will
be necessary to make every year.
Mr. HUNTER. Was there a quorum voting
on the amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir. _
Mr. HUNTER. The amendment can be again
moved in the Senate, after the bill is rcpoited
from the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MALLORY. I have another amendment
to offer from the Committee on Naval Affairs, to
add as a new section:
Andbe it further enacted, That the Secretary of the Navy
be authorized to purchase of Hiram Borden the right to
use, for baking the bread of the Navy, an automatic oven,
