1066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
invented by said Berden. with the machinery and furniture,
duiing the existence of the patent for the fame: Provided,
That not morn than $10,001) be paid for said right: +ind pro-
vider!. That me Secicmry of the Navy shall first be satisfied
that the oven and machinery ai e of sufficient capar lty to bake
all the biead^f the Navy, and that it will be for the interest
of the Government to purchase the iisse of the same ; and m
the event of his electing to purchase said right, the Secre-
tary of the Ntivy \< further authorized to cause said oven to
be "elected by said Beiden or otherwise, at such navy-yard
as he may deem most suitable for it: Provided, The whole
expense for erecting the same, \wth machinery and furni-
ture complete, shall not exceed §^0,000; and the sum of
$50,000 is hereby appropriated for the purposes mentioned
In this section, outof any money m the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Mr. HUNTER. What is this appropriation
for?
Mr. MALLORY. I will give an explanation
of it, or, if the Senate will listen to it, I have a let-
ter from the Department which will explain it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. State the explanation of it.
Mr. MALLORY. I will state it. This is a
proposition to enable the Navy Department to
bake its own bread for the Navy. In connection
with this subject, it is well for the Senate to know
that we use two millions five hundred thousand
pounds of bread per annum in the Navy. We
now get it by contract. It is very difficult, with
the most careful discrimination, to tell good from
bad flour when baked into bread.* Bad Hour will
become useless in a very short time. The average
amount of bread which has been condemned as
useless for the last six years has been §88,058 23
worth, or an average annual condemnation of
$14,343 04. The French, Russian, and English
Governments bake their own bread. They find
it economical to do so, and get a superior article.
There has been a recent invention railed the au-
tomatic oven, made by a gentleman in the city
of New York. The inventor will not sell his
right to it, but takes a royalty upon the amount
baked. This oven is capable of baking two hun-
dred barrels of flour per day. He consents to
give the Government the use of it for $10,000.
The expense of putting up such tin oven would
be $40,000. The Secretary of the Navy recom-
mends an appropriation of £'>0,000 to enable us
to bake our own bread. It will be a matter of
great economy to us in a few* years. 11 will bo a
saving of expense, and by it we can get a superior
article of bread for the use of our Navy. This
is the whole explanation of the amendment.
Mr. TOOMBs. I want no patents to make
bread. It is a very small business, and the last
kind in which the Senate should engage at this
time of night, when important matters have yet
to be acted on.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator from Georgia
may think so. We use two million five hundred
thousand pounds of bread annually in the Navy.
Every other Power in the world bakes its own
bread, and gets a superior article. We are con-
stantly condemning the bread, because it is im-
possible to detect in the bread the bad flour of
which it is made until it is to be used. The fact
that we condemn $14 ,000 worth per annum, will
show the Senator the necessity for this provis-
ion. We aie only to pay $10,000 for the right to
use this oven. It is a matter of economy.
Mr. WELLER. I believe they had a revolu-
tion in France upon the subject of bread. I hope
there will be no disturbance here upon it. 1 go
for the bread. I think we ought to make our
bread.
JVJr. NOURSE. I should like to know what
has been the experience in regard to the use of
this oven, for which we are to pay $50,000?
Mr. JOHNSON. This is evidently a proposi-
tion to buy out another New York concern. We
have already bought out one or two to-night; but
X do not think we should be compelled to buy out
every one of them. Bread lias been furnished to
the Jiavy by contract from the beginning of the
Government to the present time. I do trust and
hope we shall not be compelled to purchase from
New York everything in the world—even the
simple manner of baking bread. We cannot buy
every patent in this way—it is ridiculous.
The question being taken, on a division there
were—ayes fourteen.
Several Senators. Do not count the other side.
That ia enough.
The I^RESIDENT pro tempore. If that is the
understanding of the Senate, the Chair will an-
nounce that the amendment is not agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I shall be compelled to ask
the counting of the other side, for fear that we !
shall lose all the amendments we propose. I ask ,
that the other side be counted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore counted the
noes,and announced that sixteen Senators voted
in the negative—not a quorum voting.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. I withdraw the proposi-
tion.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have got the floor, and I
wish to state one fact in regard to this business
of buying patents. I recollect, when I was a
member of the House of Representatives, a num-
ber of years ago, that a parcel of fellows came
here and proposed to build docks. It was thought
a great thing, and was carried in both Houses.
Every man who did not yote for it was consid-
eied an old fogy. They built them at Kittery,
Philadelphia, Ponsacola, and have tried to con-
struct one in California. The result of it was
that they never put a ship upon them. They
tried to do so at Pensacola, under the supervision
of one of the ablest men in our Navy, and it"
failed. After that experiment had failed, Con-
gress left it to the discretion of the present Sec-
retary of the Navy to dock a ship in California,
r and he exercised that discretion by not having it
! done there. That scheme has beenexposed; and
now here is a proposition to buy another patent
—for what ?
Mr. PUGH. To build an oven.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am afraid the oven will go
down like the dry-docks, and f have no doubt
will do so. Whenever you buy a monopoly or
a patent, you—I will not give the simile, it would
not be very polite in the Senate; but the whole
object of this proposition, beyond question, is a
job.
The Senator from Florida tells us, as a reason
for this amendment, that we condemn $14,000
worth of bread annually. "VYe do not pay for
what we condemn, and therefore, if we condemned
$100,000 worth, it would not cost us anything.
Accordingto the presentarrangement we getgood
bread, or else we do not pay for it; but if we build
our own oven, and it falls down, we shall have to
pay for putting it up again, and buy other bread
m the mean time.
Mr. MALLORY-. I shall not detain the Sen-
ate 
Mr. WADE. There is manifestly no quorum
present, and I therefore move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope not.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Gentlemen should
remember that this proposition does not adopt
this plan of supplying the Navy with bread.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands that the amendment is withdrawn.
Mr. B1GLER. Is it in order to debate the
question after it is withdrawn?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I did not under-
stand that it was withdrawn. This question was
carefully examined by the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and was thought to be of importance.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment has been withdrawn.
Mr. MALLORY. We can offer it again.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Very well.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment is to
come in as a new section:
Jind be it jurther enacted, That to enable the Secretary
of the I^avy to test useful inventions and discoveries appli-
cable to and de-isnod to advance the efficiency of the Xavv,
the turn of $10,000 i? hereby appropriated out of any money
hi the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and the same is
subject to his control.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, MALLORY. The next amendment is:
And be it further enacted, That hereafter it shall be law-
si ful for the Secretary of the Navy to place the supervision
i j of the compilation and publication of tin; Nautical Almanac
•j in charge of any officer or professor of mathematics of the
11 Navy of competent qualifications: Provided, That such
j; officer or protefsor, when so employed, shall receive no
hiaher pay uian ttie duty-pay to which his erade shall entitle
him.
Mr. JOHNSON. I call the attention of the
Senate to the fact, that this is the first time this
almanac has received a legislative recognition,
['* Oh, no!"] I believe it is. It may be that the
Committee on Naval Affairs has now pnesented
this proposition in accordance with precedents*,
but if so, I have not known of it. I do not be-
lieve it ought to take this direction now. I hope
the Senator from Florida will explain it, so that
we may know what it is.
Mr. MALLOR\ . I will explain to my friend
from Arkansas in a few words. Many years
ago — eight or ten at least— Congress made use
of these terms: "The Secretary of the Navy is
authorized to place an officer not below the °rade
of lieutenant in charge of the Nautical Almanac."
Mr. Davis was placed in charge of it, and by
some construction of the Department he received
03,000 a year. The proposition to pay him that
sum was twice struck outof the appiopnauon
bills m this body, but somehow or other he ob-
tained $3,000 throu<£h the interpretation of the
Navy Department. Thatgentleman having been
detached from this duty, and a professor of math-
ematics ordered to it, the proposition is to open
the compilation of the work to any officer of
proper qualifications, either an officer of the line
or a professor of mathematics; and make his
compensation for this business his legitimate pay.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. J offer another amendment:
*2nd be it jurther enacted, That the act* making appropri-
ation* for the naval seivtee of the 5th of August. 1854, and
the 3d of March, 18.55. shall be so construed a? to allow to
the boatswain^,gunners, sail-makers, and carpenters of the
Navy, when on shore duty, the same percentage for sea
&erviee that is allowed to them when on sea duty.
! Mr. JOHNSON. When that is adopted, I pre-
! same, from past experience, it will be necessarily
I followed by an increase of pay to a large number
I! of other parties not included in this proposition.
I merely call attention to this in order that it may
be marked.
Mr. MALLORY. In explanation I will state
to the Senator from Arkansas the facts of the
case. Congress has declared, by law, that the
■ boatswains, carpenters, sail-makers, and gunners,
' who are not commissioned officers, but warrant
i officers of the Navy, and essential, should receive
j a percentage of two per cent, per annum on every
! year's sea service they had seen. Their salary
, was very small, and they petitioned Congress for
■ an increase. It was thought that the most proper
1 way to increase it was to give them a percentage
! for sea service. The Department, however, in
: construing the law has only allowed them a per-
1 centage for sea service while on sea duty proper
; at sea, and does not allow it for the time spent in
' shore duty. This is to lemedy that.
| Mr. JOHNSON. I have no doubt it ought to
: be done, because etery time the Departments rt-
1 fuse to grant an increased allowance, it ought to
be granted, and every time they grant it it should
1 be refused. I hope the Senate will now do it, but
.! I shall certainly not vote for it.
l{ The amendment was agreed to.
j; Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment is:
j1 Jind bext further enacted, That naval officers, midshipmen
i! included, entitled to examination for promotion, but pre-
ji vented from presenting themselves for examination when
j [ tso entitled ny being on duty bejond the limits of the United
1 States, shall, if subsequently examined and promoted, bo
!: entitled totheianK and pay to winch they would have been
| j entitled if they had been promoted by the examination to
winch they were entitled when absent as afore.=aid : Pro-
vided, That in all cases, those claiming the benefits of this
: piovision shall present th^m^elves for such examination
; within sixty days after their letum to the United States.
[ The amendment was agreed to.
[ 3
i Mr.* MALLORY. The next is, in line one
l hundred and thirty-three, after the word "wharf,"
to insert (< and mooring piers;" and in lines one
! hundred and thirty-four and one hundred and
' thirty-five to strike out §362,308/' and inseit
; " 309,808."
i This addition is for mooring piers for the dry-
i dock, and other appendages which are required
: for the working of the floating dock in California.
| These piers were estimated by the contractors for
, the dock, and have been used by them under a
lease authorized by Congress until the Govern-
: ment took possession of the dock, and are now
; used by the Government. To these piers the
! dock is now moored; and they must be used for
; sinking the dock, and taking up vessels for repairs.
. An estimate by the Government officers of the
1 value of these appendages has been ordered, cind
! though expected before this date, has not yet bten
■ received. This appropriation is to cover the
i expenses of those necessary appendages, to be
' expended by the Secretary of the Navy as, in In a
1 judgment, he may decide. If the appropriation
