10#8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
(H. R. No. 532) for tho relief of the heirs of
Mary Hooker.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of tho Whole. It (
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior j
to place on the pension roil the name of Mary j
Hooker, widow of James Hooker, who was mil-
itary or hospital storekeeper in the State of Con-
necticut during the war of the Revolution, and
pay her the rate of pension to which she would be
entitled under the act of July 7,1838, and subse-
quent acts.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
remission OF duties.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to discharge the Com-
mittee on Finance from the consideration of the
bill (II. R. No. 843) to remit or refund duties on
goods, wares, and merchandise destroyed by fire,
and ask that that bill be now tsken up.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no objection to the
committee being discharged; but I must say that
the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Pearce]—one
of the members of the commute#'—examined the
bill, and desires to express his objections to it.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let him stay here and do the
public busmoss. 4
The motion to discharge the committee was
agreed to.
Mr. PUGH. How can we grot up this bill
while the naval appropriation bill is pending?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can be done
only by unanimous consent. The appropriation
bill is before the Senate, if there be any objection
to the consideration of the bill named by the Sen-
ator from Georgia.
Mr. PUGH. I must object to the considera-
tion of that bill.
Mr. llUfc>K. I renew my motion that the Sen-
ate adjourn,
Mr. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordeied: and being taken, resulted
—yeas 17, nays 14: as follows;
YEAS — B<~1! ( :' Tenno-ce, Benjam'n. Hues,
Bigler. Ihodheaa. Hurler. Cl.tr, I'/i-cpainek, (Jiet-n, Ilmi*
ton, \ )u:be, IIu k. Sebastian, Thomson of New
Jersey. Trumbull, and Wade—17.
nays — mci-sis douglas i-vh, Foot, to-nor, own!,
Johnson, Mallory, push, Ucid, Sewaid, Stuart, Toombs,
Weiier, and wilson—-14.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, J\Xarch 3, 1857.
Prayerby the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION'S.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore bid bofoic the
Senate, a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, information in relation to reports of Col-
onel Long and Captain Palmer, of the United
States Army, on the improvement of the harbor
of Dubuque; which was read; and, on motion of
Mr. Stuart, it was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
lie also laid before the Senate a message from
the President of the United States communicating
a letter of the Secretary of the Navy in reply to
the resolution of the Senate of August 15, 1S5G.
calling for his opinion as to whether the national
defenses and the best interests of the country
require the discontinuance of any navy-yard or
naval station on the Atlantic sea-board, or a
change of their location; which, on motion of Mr.
Stuart, was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. GEYER presented the credentials of Hon.
Trusted Polk, chosen a Senator of the United
States by tho Legislature of Missouri for six
years from and after the 4th ofMarch,1857; which
were read, and ordered to be filed.
Mr. FISH presented the credentials of Hon.
Pkestost King, elected a Senator by the Legis-
lature of New York for six years from and after
the 4th day of March, 1S57; which were read,
and ordereel to be filed.
PRESIDENT ELECT.
Mr. WELLER, from the committee appointed
on the part of the Senate, jointly with the com-
| mittee appointed on the part of the House of ;
j Representatives, to wait on James Buchanan,of !
; Pennsylvania, and notify him of his election as
• President of the United States, reported that the
j committee had performed the duty assigned them,
■ and that the President elect, in signifying his ac-
j ceptance of the office to which he had been chosen
; by the people, said:
"You will please to communicate to the respective
Houses ot Congress my acceptance of the tiust confided to
me, and at the *atne time express to them my grateful uc- !
knowiedgments, and assure them of the deep sen^c of ohh- ^
gation with winch I ie^aid this manifestation of confidence
on the part of my countrymen. It will be my earnest :
endeavor to prove that thru* confidence has not been mis- .
placed."
VICE PRESIDENT ELECT. j
Mr. WELLER,from the committee appointed ,
on the part of the Senate, jointly with tho com- ;
mittee appointed on the part of the House of Rep- j
rcsentatives, to wait on John 0. Breckinridge, of ,
Kentucky, and notify him of his election as Vice
President of the United States, reported that the
committee bad performed the duty assigned them,
and that the Vice President elect, in signifying
his acceptance of the office to which he had been
chosen by the people, said:
" I accept with pleasure the office of Vice President of
the United State-* to whfch you have now otliei illy miot wed
me that I have been clectcd. It will be my mo-t eari eo
i endeavor to discharge the duties which belong to it m Midi
i .i manner to mei jt the coniicLence which my countiymen
; have reposed in inc."
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FISH, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, asked to be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the resolution of the Senate
in relation to the expediency of sending a com-
missioner to tth3 ihlands of the East Indian archi-
pelago, to investigate the claims of the Govern-
ment of the Netherlands to sovereignty over those
islands, for the reasons set forth in a letter from
the Secretary of State; which was ordered to be
printed; and the committee were discharged from
the Anther consideration of the subject.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of J. C. Tucker, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
he piinted.
ftfr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the memoiial of
Townsend Hanis, reported a bill (S. No. 645) for
his relief; which was read, and passed to asecond
reading. He also submitted a document on the
subject: which was ordered to be printed.
Ide also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Edmund W. Holmes
and others, praying that a register maybe issued
for the British-built vessel Leo, reported adversely
thereon, for the reason stated m aletter from the
Secretary of the Treasury; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Daniel
Kerr, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. G4G) for the r"liof of tho legal represent-
atives of John D. Kerr; which was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. 11. No.
594) piovidmg an increase of pension to Isaac
! Phillips, reported it without amendment.
Pie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. G03) for the re-
lief of the children and heirs of Levi and Mary
Stone, reported it without amendment.
Mr. DURKEE, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred the pe-
tition of Joseph Holman, asked that the commit-
tee be discharged from the further consideration
of the petition; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Jacob Schenck, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was concurred
in.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Pensions, to whom were referred
the following bills, reported them without amend-
ment:
An act (H. R. No. 375) for the relief of George
Bond;and
An act (H. R. No. 37S) for the relief of Rich-
j anl J. Murray, a soldier in the Seminole war of
! 1818,
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No, 570) for the re-
lief of Robinson Gammon, reported it without
amendment, and submitted an adverse repoit.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred the following bills,
reported them without amendment:
An act (H. R. No. 374) for the relief of C'lai-
born Vaughn:
An act (H. R. No. 839) for the relief of Daniel
Wacaser; and
An act (H. R. No. 840) for the relief of Samp-
son Plays, a soldier in the war with Mexico.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
| was refetied the bill (H. R. No. 83) for the relief
; of Amos Armstrong, of Ohio, repoited it wnhout
| amendment, and also submitted a icportontho
: subject.
j lie also, from the same committee, to whom was
| referred the petition of Margaret MeCJuie, sub-
j muted an adverse report; which was ordered to
| be printed.
j MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
! A message from thc.House of Representatives,
■ by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
! House of Representatives had passed the bill of
i the Senate (No. 576) making a grant of land to
; the Territory of Minnesota, in alternate sections,
, to aid in the construction of certain railroads in
| said Territory, witn an amendment.
, legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
i The message also announced that the House
: of Repiesentat] ves eurree to some and disagree to
; other amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
i It. No. fn)G) making appropiiations for the legis-
lative, (Xccutive, find judicial expenses of the
i Government for the year ending June 30, 1653,
! ask a conO rence on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and have appointed Mr.
; Ja.mes II. Campbell, Mr. E. B. Wastiruukb, and
i Mr. Lumpkin, conferees on the part of the House.
! The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
i ments to the bill (PI. R. No. 606) making appro-
! pi iations fur the legislative, executive, and judicial
j expenses of the Government for the year ending
) June 30, Ic5d, and on motion of Mr. Hunter,
i it was
j Rc-olicd, That tho Senate insist upon it* amendments
ill-.to by the Uou-c ot Representatives, and ii<;r. e to
! the conference a-ked by the House on the di&agieemg votes
j of tho two Houses, theieon.
! Mr. Pearce, Mr. Toombs, and Mr. Clay, were
| appointed conferees on the part of the Senate.
! messenger's pay.
I Mr. RUSK submitted the following resolution;
; which was referred to the Committee to Audit and
! Control the Contingent Expense? of the Senate:
\ Resolved, That the principal messenger m the office of
: the t?eetetary ol' the rienatc Wiali receive the same annual
! Fdlaiy a- tho mc^unspr^ under the Scitfednt-at-Aim- ; anil
; that the Seeremiy be'authoi i7ed to pay the same out of the
contingent fund fioni the date at which the compensation
ot the mesaengeis was fixed by the Senate.
! REPORT OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
; Mr. JOHNSON. I am directed by the Com-
I mittee on Printing, to whom was referred a m:>-
| tion to print additional copies of tho report of the
I Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution,
to report the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Senate
ten thousand extra copi'--- of the eleventh annual report of
j the IJoard of Regents of the t-Mmthsoujun Institution, two
thou-and five hundred of the --.une to be for the use of the
Institution: and that the Seereiaiv be nuthoiized to add to
the portion ot Ins repoit now befoie the Senate suchmatter
as may be necc^-ary to complete the : Provided, That
such additions ^Iiail not exceed in the n2<rre<iate loui hun-
dred and twent}-three pasjes, the number of pagec contained
in the tenth annual repoit: *dnd provided further. That the
eutije amount of eopv neetf-sary to complete the ^aid report
be plaeedin the hands of the public piinter by or before the
10th day of Apul next; but no portion of said eop\ shall be
• ' placed in the hand> of the puuhe punter until the whole
i shall have been completed and delivered into the hands of
;j the Superintendent of the Public Printing.
I ask that the resolution be considered and
adopted at once. The whole cost of the woik
will be $5,363.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
PRINTING OP THE EXTRA SESSION.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am also instructed by the
Committee on Printing to offer a resolution in
regard to the printing of the extra session. There
