1070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I have another
small amendment from the Committee on Naval
Affairs:
That J. P.J.Milton, first cirri? of the commajidnnt of
the lwvj-j-ard at Memphis, lie pa:d for his service* as second
or as abstain clerk during the time he shall appear to have
perfoimed said last mentioned services, at the rate allowed
the second clerk at the navy-raid at New York, and that
a sufficient sum therefor be appropriated out of any money
in tlie Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
This only amounts to §800.
The amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I hare one more
amendment with which I am charged by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. It is to insert as anew
section:
J],:/! he it further eirocted. That the surviving officers of
the navy of'the Republic of Texas who were duly commis-
sioned as «urh at the time of annexation, -=Hall be entitled
to the pay of officer* 01 liko grades when waiting ordeis in
the Navy of the United States, for five ycais from the time
of said annexation ; and a sum sufficient to make the pay-
ment i  hereby appropriated out of the Treasury: Pronded,
The number of said surviving officers shall not exceed nine:
•And provided, That this provision shall not be construed as
a recognition of any rights of the officers of the late Texas
navy to be incorporated into the Navy of the United States.
Mr- HUNTER. We have not time for debate;
but I must ask for the yeas and nays on that
amendment. We are not bound to pay the Texas
navy.
Mr. RUSK. It has passed the Senate two or
three times. It is a subject which ought to be
debated, but cannot be at this late hour. Let the
committee of conference who will fix this appro-
priation bill have a chance at it.
The ye^s and nays were ordered.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The Committee on
Naval Affairs have made this proposition to the
Senate in behalf of these oiliceis, supposing it
would be a final termination of the controversy
which hay existed on this floor ever since the
annexation of Texas in regard to this subject.
This amendment proposes to give them live years'
wailm^-orde)s pay, according to the rate pjid in
the Navy of the United Si-itr*, upon the express
provision that no r^'it is rcco^nized in those
officers to be incorporated into the Navy of the
United Suites—implying; that they have no right
to demand this sum of money shicti juris; but,
nevertheless, many of the oiue-r members of this
body are aware that we have repeatedly had the
subject before us in the Senate. Not a session,
I believe, has passed that the Committee on Naval
Afifurs have not been applied to by a resolution
Foster, Geyer. Huntei, Macon. Pearce, Reid, Seward, Sli-
dell, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—21.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I offer another
amendment, to come in after line seventy-nine:
Provided, That the present pay of the cleik^ to the com-
mandant and staff of the United States Marine Corps at
j dollars for each full year above nine years of sea service
' actually performed; and when attached to navy-vaid^. or
: employed on other duty, thev shall receive m addition,'as
! afoie>aid, a ?um equal to M\ty dollars tor each full year
; above mue years of sea service actually performed. Xo
; service hereafter perfoimcd m other than the v<-.-e1s of
! the Navy shall be conMdeied as sea service. Hut where
: any captain, commander, or lieutenant, may, on account of
peculiar fitness for any pai ticular duty, have been tlieieto
Washington shall be increased twenty per cent., to com- the Seeretarv of the Xavy it- iien>bv authoi u.cd,
j! if, in his judgment, the ehaueterot the service perfoimcd,
If we go on increasing sala- ;> and tlie circumstance* or the asM<.'nmcnf, and the continu-
ance of the officer m £ueh dun rend n it pioper, to credit
such officer, for the pmpo-e-, of tin-* Motion, with tueh
amount of sea service as he ^-iiail deem equitable, not,
howevei. to exceed the time the ofncei -hall have been em-
ployed m such pai ticular duty: Provide.!, That in .-mil c.t-e
he "shall repoit to Oon<ites-, at the eatlie.sf opporfinuv, the
name of the officer, the peculiar natiue and duration of
the particular duty performed, the amount ot <ea >eivicc
credited, and iho rea^us tlnieroi. The pay of captains,
when on leave of absence or wamn<r oidcis, shall heieafter
be §2.h00 instead of §2,f,00.
Mr. SLIDELL. I beg leave to suggest to my
friend from New York that, while I cordially ap-
prove of the principles and generally of the details
of the amendment he has offered, I am entirely
satisfied that at the present advanced stage of the
session this matter cannot be sufficiently explained
to the Senate to admit probably of its passage,
and I suggest to lum the propriety of withdraw-
ing it.
Mr. FIST-I. The Senator has probably antici-
pated what I intended to state. The !Naval Com-
mittee, after a very full examination of tjje subject
of increasing the pay, have come to the conclu-
sippi has just said he will conceivc it his duty to I1 sion that the plan embodied in the amendment 13
move the addition of all clerks. That will be the !, the proper mode for the compensation ot officers-
effect of this amendment. j "f the Aavy, making a distinction among those
The amendment was rejected. ii who have done duty, and paying thern for excess
Mr. PEARCE. I desire to offer an amend- ji of service over the average winch tliey may have
mence wilii tlie preseill fiscal year,
Mr. HUNTER.
ries partially in this way, we, shall have applica^
tions for an increase in all the Departments. ;
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. It appeared to the
committee that there was an inequality in the
compensation of the clerks in this part of the 1
public service. The committee thought proper ,
to remedy it now. It is not beyond the rates of ,
compensation allowed other clerks at the navy- j
yard. It is to equalize them. j
Mr. HUNTER. If we adopt this, we shall j
have applications from every Department for an j
increase of salaries. _ ;
Mr. ADAMS. If the salary of one portion of i
the clerks is increased, I know they are all very
much of the opinion that all the clerks shoulcl
profit by it. If this be adopted, I shall have to
offer an amendment for others.
Mr. M ALLORY. The entire increase for eight
clerks here is $1,500. It is simply to give them
the twenty per cent, others now get. They receive
' 110 more than their old salaries.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Missis-
ment. which has the sanction of the Committee
011 Naval Affairs:
Jlr.tl hi- u enacted, Thai fnr prepnrinsr, arranging,
clrK "wfwt)i<, and Libeling the specimens of natural histoiy
hioinrht home by the Noith Pacific exploiun: and sui veyinjg
expedition, and lor teportnu the same to Congtess, with
flie nppj opji 1 to donviML'- and catalogue--, the surn of §10,000
he. and th'' i-anie i-. Iieiebv, appiopcafd our of any money
in the Tr,'a-u:y not otherwise anpiopjiated, subject to the
contjol of rue ^eeietaiy of tlie Ivavy.
Mr. HUNTER. Docs that provide forprinting '
a book, or merely for arrtm^ii)^ the specimens?
Mr. PEAilCE". It provides for no publication
at all, but merely for arranging; the specimens.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FISH. Iam instructed by the Committee
on Naval Affairs to offer an amendment, to come
of the Senate to inquire info this subject. It is a :J m on page 5, after line one hundred and four,
question of great dilfieulty. These officers feel || after the appropriation for the New York navy-
that the minuT in which they have been treated ij yard:
is a great hardship; and yet the committee have For the construction of a sewer upon Flushing avenue,
never fdt wnnanted in taking the position that <! to \andeibih avenue, thence through the Umt<d
they were entitled, according to the convention
bv "which Texas was annexed, to become officers
of the i\\u*v of the United States. This propo-
sition is offered by way of compromise, and as
a final adjustment of the question; and on that
ground I hope th'* Senate will accede to it.
Mr. RUtfK. T shall not detain the Senate.
The history of this matter is pretty well known.
Under the language contained in the joint reso- j
intions of annexation, the Legislature of Texas, \
since tlie time of the annexation, have contended j
that these officers were entitled to comc into the |
Navy of the United States. Their claim has been !
resisted by the naval officers of the United States. \
It h.is been a subject-matter of controversy since j
the time Texas was annexed. On one occasion, [
the Senate passed an amendment to the naval ]
appropnnhon bill allowing them to come in as !i
oillcer.s of the Navy of the United States. It was !l of
d' frated in the House of Representatives. On:
two other occasions, an amendment was adopted
by thp Semite by a pretty considerable majority
to give 'hem pay up to the time of its adoption.
This amendment proposes to finally settle the
whole controversy by giving them live years 'leave-
of-absence pay. My opinion is, that they are
entitled to niuie. I shall, however, vote for this
amendment, end I trust it will pass the Senate.
The question being t:>Lva by yeos and nays,
resulted—yet s :*33, nays 21; as foilows:
YCA.-r—M> -r-. -X.I.jims. Cell -d Teune^e, Benjamin,
lii«<v. )>. 4Jr.'. sj. Hah', fwi-on. JrniH-, Jolm-
'•i':). Jone- u' a. Jo;u J ot'Tc iMalh-j \. Xourf.
Ti.tt', iJu-iv. Thi-'jipricii 0i'KcjitU"kv.Th^u)s0ii
of Xoss r-'U". Touce/. WVM -i, and Wn.siit—
S—.Mc-j-ci. Ueii of Niw Hamn-ntrc. Bncht, Crod-
hend, Clay, CoHamm, Cvans, f e^enden. Fish, P'nzpatnck,
venue, thence through the L'mtut states ;
| iirouii'Is to Wa!lab<jUi ^'.,(itel, 500.0'j0 : Provi'Jid, That the j
; city of ilrookn n - nail pay one J alf the co^t «f the mine 011 1
' riu-hnig avenue. •
; This is rendered necessary by the action of the .
! Government in filling up these Io*v grounds to |
i whicli the waters flow. The city owns theground ;
: upon one side, tlie Government the rest. It is ;
I provided m the amendment that the city shall pay :
1 one half tlie cost on its side.   !
The amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. FISH. I am instructed by the same com- :
mitlee to offer another amendment of some length, 1
providing for increased pay to officers in the \
Navy:
The pay of the captains, commander®, and lieutenant* in 1
the Xavy of the f'ntted State--, who <dn!i re-rx-ctivolv liave '
performed the amount of ^ea0'. rviee iiereinaftermcnti'uied,
hall, while they are oa duty, he increased as loilow^, viz : ,
s who shah ha\e peiionned more than th't* til veaid |
service biiall. when in command of or attached to
1 vessels for <-<-a ,-ervice, n-ecive, m addition to the annual
i pay to which they mar be entitled by picseatcxi^tmc law?,
i a Mini equal t<> sixty dollar* for each (nil yoai ab.>ve tnt« on
1 yeai-i of service actually performed ; and v.lieu in com-
j inauu ot oi attached to navj-yard3, or employed on other
; duty, they shall recivc m addition, ao Mirc^i'd, a 'urn
; equal to lcity-fivs dollars fo- each full y W abjve fifteen
| yeaid ot «ca &ervice actually pcrloimcd. Commanders v\ ho
1 shall Inve peiformed nioie than twelve vears or sea .-Civu-c
'j shall, when in command ol or attached to v,:w is joi s<
j: perviee, receive. 111 addition to the annual pay to w'rch
|! they may he entitled !<v piesent exi.-finii lau-, a -..im eq'K.i
;i to seventy t\\ 0 dollars for each full j ear abov< twelve} eai-'
|1 of ->ea yerviee actually p.-r:oimeJ ; and when in < oinniand
j| of or attained to navy-: aids, or einployci on other d'it\,
thn- shah reeerve m addition, as afoie aid. a sum eounl to
il fifty four dollar, for each full ye.ir above twelve \rir^of<ea
seivice actually pedormed Licuton/iaa who fdia'd have
h pcifouned morr- than nir.e \ear- ot w x\«ce .-haii, v n 'ii
!j ni command ol or attichcd n> fur ^ea mmvicg. re~
1; ceive. in addition to the annual pay to wii'di thev may
tl ba entitled dv present e.\istmg uwa . .  • "<iuai to eighty
performed,and also making a distinction between
sea service and duty ashore. A great difficulty
in the present compensation is the small difference
between leave-of-absence pay and sea service pay.
There is no difference whatever as a general rule,
or but a very slight one, between sea pay and
shore pay. The committee were first m hopes
that the bill would have been taken up in time to
consider this proposition, but if it were to give
rj^e to debate, I had the assent of the committee
I this morning to withdraw the amendment. 1 was
|i instructed, however, to present it, asking that it
!; miaht be put on record before the public as the
j' mature views of the committee, to be taken here-
!; after, by any other body which may come to act
Ij upon it, as the result of the deliberations of the
i! committee. I will not press the amendment to a
1 vote.
!' Mr. BENJAMIN. Iam directed by the Com-
!! mitteeon Commerce to offer the following amend-
' ment, founded on a proposition made by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bkodiij-ad:]
%rtn<l he it further evjetcd. That the yeeretari"*' of War
: and thj Xavy he authoj-zed. under the ducction or tho
, Pre-ident. to eniji'oy-uch olficeii of the Army anil \avya^
mav be ncce.i-^arv for the puipo^e to in,ike evplotation anrl
I venfit ation of the surveys already made ot a ship canal
! near the T^thmu* of Dauen. to connect the waters of the
i Atlantic and Pacific by the'Atiato and Tinando nvers:
, Prowled. That the cxp<'n>p shall not exceed .-$->,000, which
1 are hereby nppropiiafcl thoicfor out of au> money m the
" TiCiu'.uiy not otln-i wi^e ap{iiopiiated-
|] Mr. HUNTRR. If this amendment bo offered,
I I hope it will be Attached to some one of the internal
'! improvement bills—not to the naval appropriation
II bill. Let us not get nn a discussion on the sub-
ject here in the little time left us.
;j Mr. BENJAMIN. The s imc amendment was
'■ reported last year, and passed the Senate without
any difficulty. It is not for any purpose of in-
tcrnal improvement. Ic is for the employment
' of the oifieers of the Navy to give a chai^eter of
" authenticity to those pn/at-. survevs which have
been made across the Isthmus of Darien. If
those private surveys shall turn out to bo reliable,
; we shall have aequn^d a knowh'dip- of one of the
most important lacts as regards the history of
/' the foreign commerce of this country, particularly
] the commerce between the Atlantic and Pacific
" oceans. The objo-'t is to verify tlie surveys
,, already made—not to make any now surveys by
sending out a th tachment of otHcf rsof theiNavy
The amendment was "gieod to.
Mr. fcliNJAMIN. I have1 enoth-r amendment
to oiTer by direction of the ConimiUei^ on (?om-
: morce. The aniMidnvnt is m respome to the^
: resolution of the Senate, passed on ilie motmn ot
ij the Senator from Mussaehusetfs, [.Mr. Wilsok:]
ii +$,id be d faith cr cnactcd, That the Secretary of the Xavy
