1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1075
Mr. PRATT. The next, amendment of the
committee is to insert after line two hundred and
sixty-six:
For compensation to Alfred L. Rives, civil engineer, and
paying the incidental expenses in making surveys, draw-
ings, specifications, and estimates, for a bridge across the
Potomac, under an act of Congress, $6,410 77.
The amendment was agreed to:
Mr. PRATT. The next amendment of the
committee is after line two hundred and sixty-
eight to insert:
For commencing the construction of a substantial bridge
at the aqueduct, on the Potomac river, in the District of
Columbia, according to the plan reported by Alfred L. Rives,
civil engineer, $100,000; and the Secretary of the Interior
is hereby authorized to enter into contracts, subject to the
approval of Congress, for continuing said work; but no
contract shall be made, or money paid for work on said :
bridge, for the accommodation of railroad cars or locomo-
tives ; but the Secretary of the Interior may contract with
any railroad company desiring the right of way across said
bridge, to pay its due proportion of the cost of the work;
and m doing so, he shall impose such limitations and restric-
tions on said company as will prevent it at all tunes fiom
obstructing, or in any way impeding, the ordinary transit
across said bridge.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not exactly understand
the import of that amendment. I hope the gen-
tleman will explain it.
Mr. PRATT. This amendment is for the con-'
Btruction of a bridge across the aqueduct which
conveys the Chesapeake and Ohio canal across
the Potomac river to Georgetown, going to Alex-
andria, which was originally built by money ap-
propriated by this Government. It is not strong
enough for a railroad and other purposes.
Mr. BUTLER. How far is it above the Pres-
ident's house ?
Mr. PRATT. It is at Georgetown.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 am unwilling that any rail-
road connection should be made, even with the
approbation of the Secretary of the Interior, over
those piers. I doubt whether they are sufficient
to bear the burden of a railroad in addition to the
canal which they already have. It is a great
work to make piers. Besides, I am not willing
that there should be a railroad connection in that
direction, nor do I want the bridge there. I be-
lieve this amendment gives no protection to the ;
rights of the canal. I think one end of that bridge
belongs to the Alexandria Canal Company, and
we have no right to put the bridge there without
their consent.
Mr. RUSK. I move to amend the amendment
by adding to it:
And for the puipose of facilitating the transportation of
the mails between the North and the South, the Secretaiy
of the Interior is authorized to grant the right of way over
the Long Bridge to any company operating a railroad be-
tween the cities of Washington and Alexandria, Virginia:
Provided, That the said company shall repair the said bridge
a.t its own co-?t, m a manner satisfactory to the said Secre-
tary, and permit the free use thereof for ordinary travel,
without charge or toll of any kind: *&nd provided further,
That Congress shall have power, at all times, to alter said
bridge, and to withdraw this grant at pleasure, without
charge by such company against the United States for loss
or indemnity.
Mr. MASON. I feel bound to say a word on
this subject. I shall vote for the amendment to
the amendment for what it may be worth. I do
not kno-tf that it will ever come to anything. I
do not know that any company can ever be found
to undertake to put that bridge in a condition to
bear a railroad; still 1 shall vote for it, and take
the chances. As to the original amendment, it
is, as I understand, to authorize an expenditure
of #100,000 towards constructing a bridge over
the piers where the present aqueduct is, at George-
town. I take it for granted the honorable Sen-
ator who made that proposition knows the fact
that those piers belong to the Alexandria Canal
Company; and Congress has no more power,
without the consent of that company, to direct a
bridge to be built there than to order a second
story to be put to my house. Whether the Alex-
andria Canal Company will ever assent to this
proposition I know not. I am rather disposed to
think they will not, from what I have heard; but
until they have given their assent, I should think
it was perfectly idle to legislate on this subject.
I do not know what will be the ultimate policy
of the State of Virginia, within whose territory
the southern abutment of this aqueduct lies, in
reference to railroads leading through that State;
but at present I should think a peremptory order
of this kind by Congress would tend to frustrate
and impede the ultimate connection. I shall vote
for the amendment to the amendment; but I hope
the whole proposition will be lost.
Mr. TOUCEY. I understand that the piers
now spoken of were built at the expense of this
Government, at a cost of half a million of dollars.
I shall vote for the proposition that comes from
the Committee on the District of Columbia, and
against the amendment proposed by my friend
from Texas, and my reasons are these: I am op-
posed to the continuanceofthe Long Bridge where
it now is; I hope to see it destroyed, and the navi-
gation of the river opened, in order that George-
town and this city may enjoy the privileges to
which they are naturally entitled. I am in favor
of it for another reason—to improve the health of
the city, and to remove an objection which has
long existed.
I have still another reason: by the canal bridge
at Georgetown is the proper way to connect the
railroads of the North and the South, without
depending on any water communication. It is
the shortest way; it is the way which will ulti-
mately be resorted to. You can pass from the
railroad depot here to Alexandria by the way of
Georgetown in shorter time than you can pass
by the present Long Bridge, on account of the
increased speed allowable if you go by way of
Georgetown. You also, by adopting this meas-
ure, if it be ultimately carried out, relieve us of
the threatened evS of a railroad crossing Penn-
sylvania avenue, between the Capitol and the
President's House.
These are the reasons in short which determined
me long ago to adopt any measure that will con-
nect the railroads North and South by the way of
Georgetown. In addition to these, there is still
another reason: it will afford Georgetown railroad
facilities which I think her people are justly en-
titled to.
Mr. BUTLER. I concur thoroughly with my
friend from Connecticut. If all the engineers in
the country were to come and tell me that the
Long Bridge was not an obstruction to the current
of the Potomac, and was not a source of accumu-
lative matter there to produce disease, I would not
believe them, because I have been there when the
river was low, and have seen the mud when it was
almost dry.
Besides, I think Washington and Georgetown
ought not to be rivals. I think you ought not to
give preference to one, so as to make two commu-
nities in litigation. If you will make a bridge
near Georgetown, I think you will identify the
two, and assimilate them, and bring them into a
connection which they have not heretofore occu-
pied. I have no interest in this matter; but, in
my opinion, the .Long Bridge has not only im-
peded the navigation of the Potomac, but has
been the source of fatal disease at the President's
House.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will make an appeal to
gentlemen to allow us to get through the appro-
priation bilk. If this Long Bridge controversy
is to be continued, we might as well stop all other
business for the session. Ithas been debated here
for the last four years, and I never knew debate
to cease on it. The debate will be interminable
on the Long Bridge if it is to go on. I do hope
the vote will be taken.
Mr. PRATT. I desire merely to correct my
friend from Virginia [Mr. Mason] in regard to a
fact. He stated that these piers belonged to the
canal company. The money was in fact the
money of the Federal Government. The com-
mittee directed a letter to the president of the
company, and February 19, 1857, is the date of
his answer, in which the company give their
assent to the use of the piers for the proposed
bridge. The estimate is made under a law of the
last session, which directed the Secretary of the
Interior to examine and report what was the
proper site for a bridge.
Mr. MASON. The letter dated February 19,
1857, certainly does correct the impression under
which I was. I learned from several citizens of
Alexandria, who came here on this subject, within
the last week or eight days, that, although an
assent had been given at some day, they presumed
that assent would be revoked. The present letter
would certainly place me in error in that respect;
or rather, 1 derived erroneous information from
them. As to the property of these piers, there
can be no question that they belong to the Alex-
andria canal. The Government, I think, did
advance §400,000 towards building these piers;
but the piers themselves cost more than half a
million of dollars—I think $575,000. It is part
of one single work, a canal extending from Alex-
andria to Georgetown, crossing the Potomac river
by this aqueduct, and it belongs to that company.
Mr. IVERSON. I address myself to the latter
amendment offered by the Senator from Texas.
The structure of the Long Bridge is there perma-
nently fixed, and of course, if itbe an obstruction
to navigation and the current, in order to remove
that difficulty the Long Bridge must be taken
down and removed. That would involve a very
heavy expense—perhaps an expense of several
hundred thousand dollars. That is a question for
the consideration of Congress, whether the Long
Bridge as it now stands shall be taken down and
removed, because nothing else can restore the
current of the river to that condition to which the
Senator from South Carolina wants it restored.
It will do no good to vote down this amendment,
because destroying the amendment of the Senator
from Texas will not remove the obstruction.
I have no objection to the construction of a
bridge at Georgetown; but it seems to me, as long
as the causeway of the present structure of the
Long Bridge remains, and is permitted to stay
there by Congress, at least it ought to be put in a
condition to be used. It is not asked that Con-
gress shall expend any money for putting it in
use, but simply to grant to any company the
privilege of doing this, reserving the right to
withdraw the grant whenever Congressshall think
proper to appropriate the money and order the
structure to be removed. In the mean time, while
the structure is permitted to remain, it seems to
me very important to this city, as well as to the
people on the other side of the river who come to
this market, that they should have some means
by which the bridge may be put in use; and there-
fore I shall vote for the amendment to the amend-
ment, and shall vote for both propositions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. IVERSON called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. I have but a word to say. In
traveling from one extremity of this country to
the other, there is no greater obstruction to be
found on any general road than there is at the
city of Washington. The Government hereacts
as dog in the manger. It will nqt make a road
by which the travel can pass from the North to
the South by this place, and by which the mails
can be transported, nor will it allow anybody else
to do it.
The Senator from Connecticut says he does not
like to see any rivalry got up between the cities
of Washington and Georgetown. The original
amendment proposes to appropriate $100,000 to
build a bridge for the benefit of the city of George-
town. My amendment is about to be voted down,
which is to authorize individuals, on their own
hook, to prepare the Long Bridge for travel. All
that has been said by the Senator from South
Carolina, as was very properly remarked by the
Senator from Georgia, is totally inapplicable, be-
cause the power to remove the bridge is reserved.
If the Secretary of the Interior grants anybody
the right of way over the Long Bridge, it ceases
the moment Congress desires its removal.
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire. I shall be
very glad to vote intelligently on the amendment*
to the amendment. I confess on hearing it read
that 1 do not understand it. I do not understand
that it imposes any obligation on this railroad
company to whom the right to use the bridge is
to be granted, to make it passable for common
travel over the bridge. It is simply said they are
to use it for their purposes, and they are to per-
mit those who choose to use it; but there is no
obligation imposed on them in terms to render it
passable for the general public who may have
occasion to pass over it in other kinds of convey-
ance. They may do it or not as they may please,
as I understand the amendment. _ That being my
understanding of it, however I might be disposed
otherwise to vote, it strikes me it affords none of
those facilities for accommodation to the public
which are urged here as an argument in its favor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to inquire of some
one who can inform mef%vhether the amendment
does not involve necessarily the use of the bridge
for railroad purposes and the passage of Penn-
