1076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 8,
sylvania avenue at the lower part of the city by
a railroad train ?
Mr. BROWN. Of course it does; and that ia
what is meant.
Mr. RUSK. Of course it does not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How are they to get to
this end of the city without crossing Pennsylva-
nia avenue? They cannot possibly do it. One
proposition necessarily involves the other, and
that other we have voted down two or three times
by very large majorities. When you give this
railroad company the right to run across the
bridge with their trains, the next thing will be to
allow them to run across Pennsylvania avenue
with their trains.
Mr. RUSK. They will have to get a grant
from Congress to do it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The city will give thera
the authority, as they have done already.
Mr. HUNTER. There is an obligation not to
cross Pennsylvania avenue, but to stop on the
other side of the canal.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But then they will go
over m carriages.
Mr. HUNTER. Of course they can go in
omnibuses.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They will not do it. The
moment you grant them one thing, they get the
other. It is the first step to crossing Pennsylva-
nia avenue in some direction by a railroad train.
They cannot make it available, if their trains are
to run across the bridge, without crossing Penn-
sylvania avenue somewhere.
Mr. HUNTER. Then you must pass a law
to prevent them from going across Pennsylvania
avenue. That is the amount of the argument of
the Senator from Maine. I suppose, if they cross
in carriages, they ought to have the privileges of
other citizens.
Mr. FESSENDEN. So they ought, but this
is taking the first step to what we have already
refused over and over again.
Mr. ALLEN. I believe they have no right at
present bylaw to cross Pennsylvania avenue.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know they have not,
but still they will do it.
Mr. ALLEN. The rails are laid, but they
have never be<m used.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They will be, if you'take
this step.
Mr. STUART. This amendment expressly
authorizes this company to change the structure
of the bridge at their pleasure. That undoubt-
edly authorizes them to build a bridge on which
they can run trains of cars. This yields the only
power that is left to Congress to protect Pennsyl- |
vania avenue, because, when you authorize the
company to build a railroad bridge over the Poto-
mac river, and run up to the canal, their power
will then have become so big, that you cannot
hold it; and it excludes ordinary travel. They
may build_ a railroad bridge, and run a tram of
cars over it; and whenever they do that, you can-
not run over it with horses. You cannot'be there
with private carnages m safety at all; so that it
brings us back to the proposition in a worse man-
ner and form than before; and is, in effect, the
same proposition which the Senate voted down
the other day by a very large vote.
- Mr. BRIGHT. This proposition in some form
or other has been voted down for the last ten
years at every session of Congress. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Texas, as I understand j
it, surrenders what is known as the Long Bridge i
to a railroad company. It does not even require i
that the company shall keep the draws open. 1
There are two sides to this question. The peo-
ple of Goorgetown, forming a very respectable
portion of this District, have complained from the .
time this bridge was originally established down !
to the present hour, that it interfered with their
commerce, with their vested rights, and with the
health of all persons who live in the vicinity of j!
the bridge, and they very properly have a ri"ht i;
to complain of it. When the bridge was injured <
by the flood some four or five years ago, there
was a great struggle in the Senate as to whether
we should appropriate money to remove it; and
gentlemen, by turning to the Journal, will ascer-
■ tain that this body refused to make any appro-
priation whatever for the continuation of the Long
Bridge. At that time i#was understood that it
should be abandoned, that the stream should be
opened out, and that Georgetown should be re-
stored to something like her original rights; and
now there is a proposition to surrender the Long
Bridge to a railroad company without even requir-
ing them to keep the draws open.
1 am opposed to making any appropriation what-
ever for the improvement of the Long Bridge.
Certainly I am opposed to making any appropri-
ations to give a company the power to control it.
Laying a railroad track on the Long Bridge would
have th? effect to drive off just such travel as gen-
tlemen say they are desirous to accommodate. It
cannot be used for any other purpose. It is a
very weak and narrow structure at best. The
laying of a railroad track on it would cut off all
other travel. I would much rather vote an ap-
propriation to remove the Long Bridge entirely,
and put up a bridge at the point indicated by the
Senator from Maryland.
Mr. CLAY. I do not propose to multiply
words to any extent on this question. I agree
entirely in what has been said by the Senator
from Indiana. Hitherto, before this bridge was
broken down by the late freshets, I know, from
my own observation and experience, that it was
a great public nuisance. On one occasion, when
I wished to pass over to Virginia on that bridge,
I was detained between one and two hours, while
the draw was up m order to let a vessel pass
which could not get up because of a squall of
wind, and the narrow passage it had to make.
Opposite to me there were at least a dozen car-
riages, that looked like a funeral procession,
standing there waiting for the vessel to pass and
the draw to be lowered. It is not only a great
nuisance to the people of Georgetown in obstruct-
ing their trade on this river, but a great nuisance
to the people of Washington in exposing a vast
deal of vegetable matter to the atmosphere, and
generating disease at certain seasons of the year;
and it is a great nuisance to the travelers and
tradesmen who pass to and fro across the river.
It is now, as I remarked, a great obstruction to
the traffic upon this river to the city of George-
town. Adopt this amendment, and it will be a
total obstruction. You might as well dam up the
river there, or build a wall across it, so as to pre-
vent any egress at all up and down, as to pass
this amendment. The Senator from Texas who
introduces it says Congress reserves the right to
withdraw the grant when it chooses. If you
permit a company to go to the great expense of
fitting that bridge for the passage of railroads,
and of heavy transportation across them, does
any one suppose that Congress will withdraw the
grant, or if they should withdraw the grant, will
not Congress bo bound to indemnify them for the
injury you have done them in taking away from
them this privilege? So that, in the sequel, if
the grant should be withdrawn, Congress will
pay for the improvement, and you might as well
vote a million of dollars at once to build a bridge.
Mr. REID. Mr. President, 1 have looked at
the quarrel m relation to the Long Bridge as in
fact a difficulty between the citizens of George-
town and the citizens of Washington, as to who
should have the bridge. The site of the Long
Bridge has long been in use, and so far as I know
it is the most convenient one for the community
at large.
It is said to be an obstruction to the river, and
its consequences upon the health of this commu-
nity are spoken of. I think those matters ought -
to be judged of by those most interested. The
citizens of Washington ought to be the judges of
the effect produced by this bridge on the health [
of the city. So far as their action is concerned,
the city of Washington looks upon it as the most
proper location that could be selected. There is
already a bridge there, and it now forms the only
communication we have at all at certain seasons
of the year.
The Senator from Maine alluded to the breaking
off of connection by railroads here. During the
last winter, when the river was frozen up, the
public were compelled to go in omnibuses from
the depot in this city to Alexandria before they
could pass through. But for the Long Bridge,
there would have been no possibility of their
going at all. You are informed that a railroad
might be constructed over the aqueduct by tun-
neling at an immense expense. You have no
railroad connection there now; and, from the
great cost which is to be incurred, you probably .
never will have; and therefore that bridge, as a
railroad connection, will probably be useless to
the great traveling public.*
The citizens of Washington have gone on and
constructed a railroad from this eitv to Alexan-
dria, at a large cost to the corporation of Wash-
ington, leading to the site of this bridge. If you
permit a communication across it, you have a
connection between the North and the South. If
you cut it off, you cutoff the connection. Now,
mthe winter, when the river is frozen up, the only
opportunity the travel has of passing through ia
to go in omnibuses. If there be no communica-
tion by the Long bridge, the travel must stop. I
take k, that the population in Washington city
and the authorities here ought to know the suit-
able location for the bridge. They have time
after time declared their preference, as I under-
stand, for this location. It is the old location. It
is the location to which there is a railroad already
laid down and in operation. Will you disregard
the wishes of the citizens of Washington, and
destroy a railroad which they have constructed ?
Will you go away and construct a new bridge,
after you destroy the one which is the most
direct for every traveler who desires to visit the
seat of Government from the South ? That is
to be the effect of it. I say the citizens of Wash-
ington are as good judges of the effect of this
bridge on them as anybody else can be; and the
statement, that the navigation of the river is being
obstructed by it, is neither warranted by the
opinions of the citizens of the city of Washington,
nor by scientific men who have made surveys of
the work itself.
The question being taken by yeas and naya
on the amendment to the amendment, resulted—
yeas 13, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Ilrodlie-td, Green, Harlan, Houston,
Hunter, Iverson, Jones of Tennessee, Ma-on, Pcarce,
Reid, Rusk, Thompson of Kentucky, and Yulee—13.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, AUrn, Bayard, Bell ox New
Hampshire, Bell of Tennessee, Benjamin, Bigler. Bright,
Brown. Butler, Clay, Dodge. Durkee, Evans, Fessenden,
Fish, Fitzpatrick, Geyer, Hale, James, Notivse, Pratt,
Puijli, Sebastian, Seward, Slideil, Stuart, Toucey, Tium-
bull, Wade, Welter, Wilson, and Wright—33.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; and the question recurred on the amend-
i ment offered by Mr. Pratt, for the construction
of a bridge at the aqueduct.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate is not going
to make this discrimination between Alexandria
i and Georgetown. If you will not do anything
for the Long Bridge, you should leave things aa
thf y are.
Mr. BRIGHT. This is to place a bridse at
the proper point—a point where it is required;
and I was u'nder the impression that there would
be no objection to it.
Mr. HUNTER. Virginia does not want a
bridge there.
Mr. BRIGHT. I think one is wanted there.
The amendment was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 11, noes 21.
Mr. PRATT. I have another amendment to
offer from the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia:
Foi continuing the improvement of North Capito' -tipet
(including a bridge over the railroad at D street north) to
Massachusetts avenue, the sum of $33,UU0.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I offer the following- amendment
from the Committee on the District of Columbia:
For repairing Pennsylvania avenue at the mter-ection of
Eleventh street the width of said street on the plan known
as the Belgian pavement, the sum of .55.OUO, ox so mucU
thereof as may he necessary Tor that purpos-c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The President of the Senate,
as a member of the Committee on the District of
Columbia, had an amendment to offer, and has
asked me to offer it for lum. It is m relation to
the Long Bridge.
Mr. PRATT. Let us get through those which
the Committee on the District of Columbia di-
rected the chairman to offer.
Mr. HUNTER. Very well.
Mr. PRATT. I am offering these amendments
for the chairman of the Committee on the District
of Columbia. The next is:
For inclosing with a wooden fence, and improving the
triangular epace formed by the inteiMvtion <>f .V'W VorK
and Massachusetts avenues ami Tenth dudTweltth streets,
tin; num of i$l.y300.
The amendment was agreed to.
