1078
THE CONGRESSIONAL
GLOBE.
March 3,
I do not know whether he has any information on ;;
this subject. I have recent information myself, \\
sufficient to induce the belief that Cairo will be jj
superseded and extinguished by this rival place, ;!
and that there is a better site for a great c.ommer- :j
cial depot at the junction of the Ohio and Missis- ,j
sippi, a few miles up the Ohio, on the Illinois side, d
and that it is likely, in a year or two, that aij
branch railroad will be put under construction for |l
a few miles in order to connect that place with the tj
Cairo and Chicago railroad. The reason why I \\
make this inquiry is, that if this information be j
true, we had better delay all these appropriations !;
for awhile. If this proposition is to build a per- i
manent structure for a post office at Cairo, I think (!
it is premature. We had better suspend any pro-
ceedmgs on the part of Congress in regard to a j!
custom-house and post office at that point, until ;|
we hear whether this town, which is just a few |i
miles above, is not likely to supersede Cairo as a ■!
place of deposit. !:
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will answer my friend from
Tennessee with a great deal of pleasure. I am ['
not aware of any such tremendous growth of |j
the town to which my friend alludes. I should
rejoice if a great town was growing «p there;
but I do not choose to go into the question of
town rivalry, town speculation, or any of those ;j
schemes on this question. By the law of Illinois, «,
and by the act of Congress granting lands to the [I
State to aid m the construction of the Illinois Cen- i
tral railroad, that road was compelled to terminate 'j
at the mouth of the Ohio river That point is ■;
fixed by your act of Congress and by the law of f
Illinois chartering that road, and none other.
That fixes the point at which your mail must 'j
cross the river, and there consequently must be
this terminus forever. In regard to the site of ,
the town, I would not give a sixpence for a choice
between the sites of the two mal towns of which
the Senator speaks. !
Air, BELL, of Tennessee. What is the height'
of the town to which I alluded above high
water ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. There are a few little knobs ,
of land there about as big as your fist above high
water, but not large enough to put a building ,
"upon them. That will not be a rival town to
Cairo. I do not choose to go into that question.
I am not an advocate of town sites, and would not .
care a sixpence for them. My only wish is to :
have the mails protected. The city of Cairo is
improved thereby. The Illinois Central railroad
are compelled to make that place iheir terminus.
The proprietors of the city have oiTered uti (iiare
block in the center of the city on which to locate •
this custom-house. That block would sell to day
for $8,000. You, therefore, have a present of the
site. You need the hinMing, according to two
recommendations of the Post Office D^partm^nt.
You need it there more thsn at any other point
that I know of, unless it is some large city. If
you cannot afford to bu>U an office there, will you
authorize the renting of a building, or make any ■
other arrangement for the protection of your
mails? You will not erect a building, although
a thousand bushels of mail-matter arrives there '
every day, and there is no nlace in which to keep
it out of the rain, and the question is, what are
we to do for its safety? I do not car<" a sixpence
About the question of town sites; but I do not
think a thousand bushels of mail-matter a day
should be exposed to tempests without any pro-
tection.
Mr. BELL, of Te nnessce. I wish it to be
understood *!int I nave as hu!e interest as the
Senator m an;/ rivalry fce'v. pi n these t<vo places.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I presume so.
Mr. BELL, of To/mesate. From represent-
ations that havt b*en made to me, and little
knowledge t)iat I have of the very unfit location
of Cairo for a ! i.ge ^;ry. nr for the urmmus of
the railroad at 'he del'i formed by the junction
of the Mississippi sod Ohm, I wished to inquire
whether it was pnssibl'1 that wc could get a better
place. There hui e br.'n iarge invt strnents made
on this site just abov* Cairo. I have nev^r seen
it, and cannot answer the suggestion of the honor-
able .Senator from Illinois, that it is seurcely above
high-wat; r mark. It is higher than Cairo, and to ,
that extent has the advantage. According to the .
iasi account I he.uii of it. there weie tturtu fi saw '
mills t Kttibfislu.il tliert preparing lumber, and ?.j
largt foundery was under construction. I think '
it would be very dangerous to establish this build-
ing at Cairo 011 account of its depressed condition.
All I susgest is, not that we should have a build-
ing to secure the mail matter that is deposited at
Cairo for distribution elsewhere, but that we
should rent a building or make some other pro-
vision for the accommodation of the post office at
this time, until we see whether it is to be the true
site of the great city likely to grow up in that
neighborhood. Ifwe build a permanent structure
there, in my opinion it will be useless to the Gov-
ernment in a short time; but a year or two will
develop what the result is to be. There is a
contest going on for the establishment of the city
that must go up theie. I am willing to make an
appropriation to rent a building, but not to make
an appropriation for the construction of a perma-
nent structure at this time.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is too late to intrude on
the precious time of tiie body at this moment, but
justice to myself and my views require that I
should say something 011 this point. Cairo has
not a distributing office at all.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I must beg the Senator's
pardon—it is a distributing office.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is not, unless it has been
recently established.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There have been a great
many changes in this country since that Senator
was Postmaster General, and fine of them has
been to make Cairo a distributing office.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am not acquainted with
that fact.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think I can sat-
isfy the Senator from Illinois that he is wholly
mistaken about there being a distributing office
at Cairo. Springfield is the distributing office.
Mr. COLLAMER. And the only one in the
State.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Springfield never was a dis-
tributing office, and is not now; but Cairo is a
distributing office. I cannot be corrected on either
point.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not agree
with the Senator.
Mr. COLLAMER. Cairo is n place where the
amount of post office business is very little, and
of course the commissions which the postmaster
receives there must be very small. The change
of mails at that place is when the mails come
down from the railroad, or are landed there by
steamboats. A large number of persons may
be required to repack them for distribution.
They are required to be taken apart for the pur-
pose of being placed into diiferent boxes, to be
sent up or down the river, or on the railroad;
but it is not an office for the purpose of distribu-
tion at all, for there can be nothing of that kind
there. It would be the strangest locality in the
world for a distributing office. It is very possi-
ble, and highly probable, that the office at Cairo
is a separating office, but it is not a distributing
office. I think there must be some mistake in
saying that there is a distributing office at Cairo;
but as to its being a separating office, I suppose
there can be no doubt.
The custom-house at Cairo is a small affair.
If a building is wanted there at all, it must be for
tlie accommodation of the post office. The mails
ho there for the purpose of being separated, so
as to send them off the next day by railroads or
steamboats. Most, of the mails go by land. In
I'l-lnti'in to building post office there, we do not
own a post office m the United States. There
have beer, some arrangements made for buying
the sites of post offices at Philadelphia, New
Yerkjflalti nore.and,I beiieve, Boston. Nothing,
however, has been "ffected in regard to them.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Did I understand the Sen-
ator to say tliat we do not own a post office in
the United Stales?
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know of one.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I believe we own hundreds
of thi m. We aic constructing buildings every
year for custom-houses and post offices together,
m New Orleans, the post office and custom-house
are in one buiidmir.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand all about
that, and I shall not slip it over. I say we do
not own a post office building, as a post office
building, in the Union. The Post Office Depart-
ment was n-ver authorized to buy or build a post
office. Recently, there have been some special
acts for the buying of sites in New York, Phila-
delphia, Baltimore, and Boston, which have riot
been carried into effect. It is true, wheirit was
necessary for the use of the Government to build
a custom-house or a court-house, we have, when
we resolved to construct a building for either of
those purposes, frequently put them together. We
have required post offices to be in the same build-
ing with the custom-house and court-house. We
have a number of such buildings. Some of them
are and some of them are not finished; but we
never build a post office building as a post office
building. I understand that this is a proposition
to build a post office.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is said by the gentle-
man who introduced the amendment, that for the
purpose of a custom-house no more than one
room is wanted.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is very true.
Mr. COLLAMER. The port there I suppose
is a port of delivery, and I understand from the
debate that but a single room is necessary for the
accommodation of the custom-house, and the
plan really is to build a post office. The other
is a mere incident to it. 1 do not say there may
not be a necessity for building more post offices
in the United States than has yet been done, or
even that you should not build buildings for the
accommodation of post offices alone. I know
that there are a great many applications now be-
fore this body that are quite importunate for the
construction of post offices in the large city of
Brooklyn, in Annapolis, the capital of Maryland,
and various other places, but I believe they have
never been reported back from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Now, Mr. President, if you once resolve to
build post offices as post offices alone, there
should be some settled plan upon some sort of a
scale; and we should understand that all offices
having such an amount of income, or such an
amount of business—in some way describing it—
as would require a post office, should make a cer-
tain class, and then we should know what parts
of the country are or are not to have these post
offices. We should not allow those most impor-
tunate or most clamorous, or who can command
the most personal favor, to obtain the establish-
ment of post offices. By the adoption of some
such plan, we should avoid this constant scramble
for the establishment of these buildings. There
should be some provision made by which thepost
offices should be classified, and by which we might
know what is expected to be done, and what ought
really to be done in regard to their establishment.
It is true that the Post Office is not st liberty to
pay out any more for the service at any one office
than can be furnished by the income and com-
missions of that office. When a distributing
office finds it difficult to get along with its income,
all that is wanted is the passage of an act to au-
thorize the Postmaster General to use the incomes
of one office to the necessary expenses of another.
That is all that is wanted to enable them to hire
rooms, or to hire the clerks which the office may
require. If it is really necessary at Cairo that
more money should be appropriated to carry on
the business—for I believe the incomes and com-
missions are very limited , and the amount mailed
or tosbe delivered there is very limited—all that
is wanted is the passage of an act by which the
Postmaster General may use the commissions of
another office to the necessary expenses of that
office, or to authorize the postmaster there (who
can have but very little commissions) to expend
a certain limited sum for the hire of clerks, and
the hire of a suitable place for an office. But until
some arrangement be made by which we can
understand what places may reasonably expect,
in proper time, to have post offices, ai(d what may
not, I anr unwilling to enter upon the erection of
buildings at particular places.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am sorry that the gentle-
man from Vermont should attempt to include this
place in a different class from those others for
which appropriations have been made. Although
the amendment says that the building shall be for
the accommodation of the court-house, custom-
house, and post office, it is still said that it is sub-
stantially for a post office, and that only one room
is wanted for the custom-house. That is very
true-; but does the Senator, by that same rule, go
against the construction of every building of this
son when only a small portion of it is required
