1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1061
mously instructed me to report against each one
of these propositions until we could investigate
it, and see what plan could be adopted to bring
these expenditures back to a reasonable, rational
standard. I hope the Senator will allow the vote
to be reconsidered, and then reject the amend-
ment.
Mr. BENJAMIN'. I shall make no objection
to that. I only wish to state that it is recom-
mended by the committee, at the express request
of the Treasury Department, as being essential.
If there be any objection to it, I am willing to let
it go.
Mr. GREEN. I hope the vote will not be
reconsidered. The information I have on the
subject brings my mind to the conclusion that the
appropriation ought to be made. Whether the
original foundation of this building was laid under
proper circumstances or not, is not no w the ques-
tion. Some sixty thousand or seventy thousand
dollars have been expended on it, and unless the
building be completed, that amount is lost and
wasted forever, both to the Territory and to the
Treasury of the United States; but by completing
the building, it is there for useful purposes for all
time to come.
As respects this palace, to which reference has
been made by the Senator from Illinois, I will
make this remark: It is built as all buildings in
that Territory are built, of adobaz, or dried clay.
It does not stand the weather. If they had ap-
plied the appropriation that was made to repair
it, it would not have been of a permanent char-
acter. The Federal authorities, the Governor of
the Territory, those who had the direction of the
expenditure of that money, deemed it a matter
of economy that they should erect a substantial
building, and they commenced a substantial build-
ing with the |30,000 appropriated. Subsequent
to that an additional appropriation was made,
which additional appropriation by Congress was
made to sanction the diversion of the first appro-
priation, and its application in the manner stated
by the honorable Senator from Illinois.
Now we are reduced to this point: will we
throw away all that has been expended ? I agree
with the honorable Senator, that these territorial
authorities ought not to go beyond the authority
vested in them by Congress; yet, when one set
of functionaries have made a diversion of the ap-
propriation from the object for which it was de-
signed, and a subsequent Congress has sanctioned
that diversion by an additional appropriation, and
the question comes up whether we shall lose all
or complete the building, I am in favor of the
completion of the building. I really believe that
at Santa Fe the seat of government for New
Mexico is permanently and perpetually located.
Believing so, and knowing that if we fail to make
the appropriation, what has been appropriated
will be lost, I hope the motion to reconsider will
not be agreed to, and that the provision will be
retained in the bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The appropriation for terri-
torial public buildings usually has been $25,000.
Sometimes, it is true, after having their applica-
tion rejected by one committee, they apply to an-
other, and by good luck get higher amounts; but
the appropriation for that purpose is generally
from twenty to twenty-five thousand dollars, and
for this reason: the object of the appropriation
was to erect a temporary—not a permanent build-
ing. If yougo to erecting a substantial building,
as my friend from Missouri says, it will take
years; whereas, the object is to build a temporary
one in which the Legislature may assemble during
its first session, and continue to sit there until the
Territory is developed, and we ascertain where
the permanent seat of government ought to be.
Hence, in the Kansas-Febraska bill, a guarantee
of $25,000 for public buddings in each Territory
was inserted. The object was to have a public
building erected during the first summer in each
Territory in which the Legislature might sit.
Three years have elapsed since the passage of
that Kansas-Nebraska bill, and the Territorial
Legislature of Kansas has had no building in which
to sit during those three years, for the simple rea-
son that the authorities of the Territory desired
to get a magnificent building, and all the two first
appropriations of $50,000 have been expended in
laving a foundation and getting the walls partially
up; and now they want $50,000 or $100,000 more
to complete it, and they will goon in this manner
for five or ten years before they get the building
finished.
Mr. GREEN. In which Territory is that ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. In Kansas; and the Legis-
lature will sit out of doors for five or ten years in
order to have a good building afterwards. I re-
peat, the object is to have temporary buildings
erected in a few months necessary for temporary
purposes, until they ascertain where the seat of
government ought permanently to be  The object
in obtaining these large appropriations for erect-
ing a magnificent building is to drive the seat of
government so deep that the people cannot pull
it up if they should wish to do so. The Com-
mittee on Territories, therefore, after examining
this subject thoroughly, were opposed to giving
any additional appropriation, cither in Kansas,
Nebraska, or New Mexico, and I was instructed
to prepare a report, which I intended to do before
the session was over, giving the reasons for with-
holding appropriations for the present. I hope
the vote adopting the amendment will be recon-
sidered, so that New Mexico will stand with
Kansas and Nebraska in regard to public build-
ings until the Committee on Territories can adopt
some means to prevent the gross abuse of these
appropriations in the future.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on reconsidering the vote adopting the amend-
ment for completing the State-house at Santa Fe.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on adopting the amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Have I the right to with-
draw it!
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My next amendment is:
For fencing and grading the site of the marine hospital
at Vicksburg, Mississippi, and for supplying the range, hot
water apparatus, &c., $6,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The next is?
For amount dae the contractors on the construction of-
the marine hospital at Viclahurg, Mississippi, $1,762 58.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The next is in the forty-
seventh line of the bill, to strike out " twenty"
and insert " thirty;" so that the clause shall-
read:
For annual repairs of maune hospitals, $35,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My next amendment is to
insert as an additional section:
jiml be it further emcted, That the Secretary of the
Treasury he, and he hereby is, authorized to increase the
length ot'the buildins for the custom-house, post office, and
court-rooms at Galveston, Texas, asmanyieet as the ap-
propriation heretofoie made will admit of being done.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have another amendment
as an additional section:
Jiii'l be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
settle, upon principles of equity andjustice, the accounts of
the contractor for the erection of the United States custom-
house at San Francisco. CJalitomia, and to pay to the said
contractor, out of any money m the Tieasuiynot otherwise
appropriated, whatever amount may be found to be justly
due Jinn under the said contract.
Mr. HUNTER. I would prefer that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury should be required to re-
port to Congress his opinion, and let us determine
afterwards whether we will pay. I am opposed
to giving this authority. It generally ends in this:
that it is an authority to do something not au-
thorized by law. I move to amend the amend- \
ment so as to provide that, after the accounts be '
adjusted, the Secretary of the Treasury shall re-
port the case to Congress, and then I shall be
willing to agree to it. I hope the Senator will
accept that modification.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I accept it.
Mr. HUNTER. Let the amendment be modi-
fied by adding:
And that before making any payment the Secretary of the
Ticasury shall report the result of his examination to Con-
gress.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My next amendment is to
insert after line forty-six:
For the compensation of an additional appraiser general,
to be appointed by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, to be employed in the districts
or ports of the States of Florida, Alabama, Mississippi,
Louisiana, and Teias, $2,500.
Mr. HUNTER. Is this asked for by the
Department ?
Mr. SL1DELL. I will explain the exact state
of the case. There are now four appraisers gen-
eral on the Atlantic coast, and one on the Pacific.
The appraisers on the Atlantic coast are the first
for Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire,
Rhode Island, and Connecticut; the second, for
New York; the third, for Pennsylvania,. New
Jersey, and Delaware; the fourth, for Maryland,
the District, and Virginia. The fifth is for the
Pacific coast. The sixth district is composed of
North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Flor-
ida, Louisiana, and all districts and ports not
embraced in the previous divisions. According
to the practical operation of this arrangement, an
appraiser is sent there during the winter months,
but is never there to attend to any business during
the summer, and we are really under the direction
of the custom-house in New York. I may go
further, and say that the New Orleans custom-
house, in all its important branches, has been in
the same way under the supervision of the New
York custom-house. For reasons that I do not
think proper to commentupon or explain, officers
of the custom-house at New Orleans, although
confessedly incompetent, have been retained in
office; and in order to enable them to discharge
their duties properly, clerks from the custom-
house at New York have been sent to New Or-
leans. I think some three or four of them are
there now. Under these circumstances our mer-
chants complain, and I think complain with great
justice, that we have no independent existence at
all in our part of the country. I am sure, with
this explanation, the chairman of the Committee
on Finance will not object to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The next amendment of
the Committee on Commerce is:
For the construction and completion of the United States
coui t-liouse and post office at Indianapolis, Indiana,$67,00!)«
Mr. HUNTER. Is this an increase of the esti-
mate or an enlargement of the plan ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will read what the Sec-
retary of the Treasury says on this subject. He
says:
" As there was no special appropriation for purchasing a
site for the new court-house at Indianapolis, the account
ha^ been paid out of the appropnation for construction, so
that the amount now asked for should be $67,000, instead
of $45,000, as cnumerated'in the original draft."
It is an addition of $22,000.
The amendment was agreed to 
Mr. BENJAMIN. The next amendment I
offer is:
For the continuation and completion of the building for
the United States courts and post office at Rutland and
Windsor, Vermont, $40,000 each, with ten per cent, for
contingencies.
Mr. HUNTER. Is that an enlargement of the
plan or a proposition for a new custom-house?
Mr. FOOT. It is for the United States courts,
not for a custom-house.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury says:
u In reference to the new public buildings authorized
to be constiucted at Rutland and Windsor, Vermont, the
amount therein stated is necessary, but the original appro-
priations will be insufficient. Since making that report,
plans of the size required by law have- been prepared by
the Department, and a careful estimate made, and it is
found that $40,000 more than the original appropriation will
be required for cacii work.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I now renew the amend-
ment relative to the post offiee at Cincinnati;
For completing and fitting up the post office in the build-
ing erected for a custom-house and post office at Cincin-
nati, $4,333 00.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to offer an amendment, to
come in after line one hundred and fifty-one:
For compensation for two additional superintendents on
the coast of Long Island and NewJeisey,as recommended
bv the Secretary of the Treasury, from the 15th of March,
1857. to the 30th of June, 1858, $3,875.
Mr. HUNTER. There is an appropriation
recommended by tfe Committee on Finance which
was this morning inserted by the Senate in this
bill, covering the whole estimate for life-saving
purposes on the coasts of Long Island and New
