1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Jersey, less the sum now proposed. The amend-
mentrecommended by the Committee on Finance,
and agreed to by the Senate, was adopted by the
Committee of Ways and Means of the House of
Representatives, who had stricken o-ut these two
additional offices. We have already adopted as
much as the Committee of Ways and Means
agreed to. It is useless to send any more to the
other House. If we had time, it might be differ-
ent.
Mr. SEWARD. The Committee on Com-
merce have considered the whole subject, and have
recommended all these estimates. We find that
the Commi ttee on Finance had adopted all but this
suggestion.
Mr. HUNTER. We adopted all that was
agreed to by the Committee of Ways and Means,
who refused to go to this extent, but conceded
all the other estimates for this object.
Mr. SEWARD. The Committee on Com-
merce differ from the Committee on Finance in
this respect; and in view of the disasters which
are happening on the «oast, and the destruction
of human life, the Committee on Commerce think
this is the most important of all the suggestions
of the Secretary of the Treasury on this subject.
It is recommended by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. The attention of the committee has been
drawn to it in various ways. I think it is indis-
pensably necessary to have this increase of ap-
propriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to offer another amendment,
as an additifcnal section:
•And be it further enacted, That the sum of $10,000 be,
and the same hereby is, appropriated out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for 'continuing
the system of protecting human lire Iroin shipwreck, as
heretofore established, by lifc-boata and other mean.-', on
the coast of Massachusetts, the said sum to be expended
by the Bo?ton Humane Society, under the direction and
control of the Secretary of the Treasury.
This is in accordance with a letter of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, and the amendment was
drawn up by him.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I have another amendment,
which calls for no appropriation:
Jind be it further enacted, That the President of the Uni-
ted States be, and he is hereby, authorized to construct the
steam revenue cuttcr provided for by the act of (Jongte*s,
approved February 6,1857, entitled "An act to auibome
the President of the United States to cause to he procured
by purchase or otherwise a suitable steamer as a revenue
cutter,2-'by contract or otherwise, in any manner which
may, m hid judgment, seem best'for the public interests.
The Secretary of the Treasury desires that his
discretion about the manner of procuring this
vessel may he enlarged.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I have another amendment
from the Committee on Commerce:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after the com-
mencement of the nscal year ending 30th of June, 1657, in
lieu of the present compensation, the compensation of in-
spectors of the customs shall be four dollars per day each,
where, in the opinion of the Secretary of the Treasury,
such change shall be reasonable and proper; and that m
hke manner, and subject to the same discretion, the com-
pensation of the weighers, measurers, and gangers, shall be
not less than $13800, nor more than $*2,000; and that, m
like nnnner and subject to the same discretion, the com-
pensation of appraisers at large, United States appraisers,
deputy appraisers, and examiner*, s>hall be fifty per cent, m
addition to the sum novvreceived'by them.
Mr. HUNTER. That is a question which
ought to be considered separately, and we ought
to give more time to it. We cannot take up the
subject of amending salaries on this bill at this
limp. I hope the Senator from New York will
withdraw the amendment, and wait until we have
more time. It ought to be brought up as a sep-
arate proposition. Weare now asked to legislate
here in regard to a subject which nobody can con-
sider in the little time afforded us. *Ihope the
amendment will be withdrawn. It is a contro-
verted matter.
Mr. SEWARD. I will delay it for the present,
provided it be understood that 1 shall have a right
to offer it again after the bill be perfected further.
I do it in order to allow othe^, amendments not
disputed to be acted upon.
The PRESIDKNT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer a further amendment
from the Committee on Commerce, in compliance
with a letter of the Secretary of the Treasury:
For the erection of a light-house and necessary buildings,
and littiug the same with illuminating apparatus, at or near
the southern extremity of the middle strait leading from
Lake Huron, between Drummond's Island and Little Man-
ltou Island, to Georgian Hay: Provided, The Secretary of
the Treasury, after proper examination of the locality shall
have been made by the light-house board, is satisfied that
said light is necessary, $9,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I have some amendments to
offer by instruction of the Committee on Public
Buildings. The first is, after line two hundred
and eighty-four, to insert:
For continuing the Washington aqueduct, $1,000,000.
Mr. WADE. I must ask for the yeas and
nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. Would it not be better to
reduce the amount one half?
Mr. BAYARD* Last year the amount was
reduced to $250,000 merely to be applied to the
discharge of existing liabilities, and to preserve
the work in the condition it then was. The Sen-
ate, at the last session, agreed to an amendment
making the regular appropriation; but subse-
quently it was reduced to $250,000. If the work
is to go on, it is essential to appropriate enough
to enable it to be continued during the year.
Mr. HUNTER. I am as friendly to this work
as the Senator from Delaware. I am willing to
try the amendment, and see if we can get it
through the House of Representatives, but! will
not risk the bill on it. I believe this is the only
object of appropriation here in which the two
Houses have a direct personal interest.
Mr. BAYARD. I would risk the bill on it.
There we differ.
Mr. WILSON. I have voted against these
appropriations up to this time. I have examined
the subject somewhat and reflected much upon it,
and I believe the work has been undertaken on a
large scale—larger than is necessary; but [ think
now there is nothing to do but to complete it. I
shall vote for that purpose to-day, believing that
the work ought to be completed as speedily as
possible; but I would suggest to the Senator from
Delaware the propriety of not appropriating more
now than is absolutely necessary. As is well
known, there is great hostility in certain quarters
to carrying this measure through. I think the
adoption of the suggestion of the Senator from
Virginia to limit the appropriation to half a mil-
lionof dollars, if that is all that can be expended
before Congress meet again, would strengthen
the passage of the measure, which I regard as
very important.
Mr. BAYARD. Why reduce the amount?
The cost of the work was estimated originally at
$2,300,000. Certainly that is not extravagant for
water-works of the magnitude and capacity these
works will be. The delays that Congress have
thrown in the way, after adopting this plan of
introducing water into Washington by decisive
legislation, years ago, have retarded the work.
It is now left incomplete, after the entire right of
way has been obtained from the State of Mary-
land , and a portion of the culverts have been con-
structed. Six hundred thousand dollars have
been expended, and you have entailed an addi-
tional expense of $300,000 for the construction of
the work in consequence of your delays, and the
discharge of the corps of engineers, and you have
occasioned also a serious injury to the contract-
ors. If the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts will look at the President's message and doc-
uments, second volume, page 346. he will find
that the reasons arc given why $1,000,000 ought
to be appropriated this year. A million this year,
and a million next year, will complete the work.
If it had not been for unnecessary delays, after
Congress had determined that the work should
go on, we should have the water in Washington
by the middle of this summer. As it is, it will
take us two years more. The estimate of the
engineer is, that$2,000,000 will be required. So
far his estimates have not been exceeded, except
on account of the delays and expenses arising from
disch arging the workmen dependent on the action
of Congress, which has been so uncertain on the
subject.
I hope the appropriation will be made for the
whole amount. The engineer tells us—and we
must rely on him, for he has had the whole charge
of the work—that §1,000,000 can be profitably
and well expended during the next fiscal year.
Why should we delay? The Treasury is ple-
thoric. We have been all along contend trig for a
reduction of the tariff, on the ground that it was
supposed the accumulation of specie in the Sub-
Treasury would have the effect of producing a
commercial revulsion. This work is legitimate in
itself. Why should we palter about the sum,
when we can complete the work so much sooner
by making the proper appropriation at once ? I
think it will pass by a decided vote as it is.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 40, nays 6*r as follows: -
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bell of New Hampshire,
Benjamin, Bigler, Bright, Brodhpad, Brown, Butler, Col-
lamer, Dodge^ Douglas, Durkee, Evans, Fessenden, Fish,
Foot, Foster, Green, Gwin, Houston. Ilunter, Iverson,
James, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mason, Nour-se, Pratt*
Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Shdcll, Stuart, Thomson of New
Jersey, Toucey, Trumbull,Wilson, Wiiglit, and Yulee—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Biggs, Harlan, Pugh, Reid,aad
Wade—6.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. My next amendment is after
line two hundred and ninety-five to insert:
For continuing the work of the new dome of the Capitol,
$500,000.
The Senate decided, after a long debate, at the
last session, to adopt the plan for a dome which
the architect had designed. After a long debate
on the subject the House of Representatives con-
curred, and the dome is under way. The amend-
ment is necessary, unless you mean to stop the
work while it is in the midst of its progress. As
far as it has gone, the contracts have been for less
than the amount of the estimate of the engineer.
The cost will not probably be so great as was
originally estimated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. The next amendment is to
insert after line two hundred and seventy-five:
For the election of stables and conservatory at the Pres-
ident's house, to replace those about to he taken down to
make room for the extension of the Treasury building,
.§20,000.
The necessity for this appropriation arises from
the fact that in extending the Treasury building,
according to the plan adopted by Congress, the
building cuts through the stables and a part of
the conservatory at the President's house. It is
absolutely essential that the amendment should
be adopted, or you leave the President in the
condition of having no stables, and you destroy
his conservatory of plants.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. My next amendment is:
For flagging footway in the Congressional burying ground,
from the entrance of the same to the Government vault,
$2,200.
This amendment speaks for itself.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I have one more amendment
from the Committee on Public Buildings. It is
to add as new sections to the bill the following:
Jirvl be it further enacted, That the public grounds sur-
rounding the Capitol shall be enlarged, (accotding to the
plan approved by the Committees on Public Buildings of
the Senate and House of Representatives, respectively
which plan is hereby directed to be deposited in the custody
of the Secretary of the Interior,) by extension betweea
First street east and First street west, in the following man-
ner : Northwardly to the south side of north B street, and
southwardly to the north side of south B street, including
in addition to so much of the reservation's, avenues, and
streets as are necessary for such extension, the two squares
designated on the plan of the city of Washington as &os.
687 and 688, respectively; and to provide more tafe and
convenient approaches from Penns> lvania avenue into First
street west and north B street, and from Maiyland avenue
into First street west and south B street, so much ground
shall be taken from the southeast corner of square No. £75
as will he cut otf by an aic of a circle of two hundred and
thirty leet radius, wmch shall touch Pennsylvania avenue
at a point in the front of said square one hundred and sev-
enty- seven feet and six inches westward from the southeast
angle thereof; and so much ground shall be taken from the
northeast corner of square No. 57G as will be cut off bv an
are ofa circle of two hundred and thirty feet radius, which
shall touch Maryland avenue at a point m the front of said
square one hundred and seventy-seven feet and six inches
westward from the northeast angle thereof.
Sec. —. Jind he it further enacted, That for carrying the
preceding section into effect, and obtaining the title* to such
private property as may be necessary for the purpose it
shall be the duty of the Secietary of the Interior to make
application to the circuit court for the District of Columbia
winch court is hereby authorized and required, upon such*
application, to appoint five disinterested and impartial com-
missioners, freeholders and residents in the said District to
make a just and equitable appraisement of the cash value
