1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1083
of the several interest of each and every owner of the real
estate and improvements thereon necessary to be taken for
the public use, in accordance with the provisions of the
preceding section. Before any action under such appoint-
ment, each of the said commissioners shall be sworn or
affirmed by one of the judges of said district court, faithfully
and impartially to perform his duties. Each commissioner
must view the premises of which the value is to be appraised,
hut a majority agreeing may make the appraisement of value.
The said commissioners, or a majority of them, shall, within
forty days after their appointment, make a report in writing
to the said district court, under their hands, describing the
separate premises of which the value is therein appraised,
with sufficient certainty for the purpose of identity, and
specifying the cash value as appraised by them of the inter-
est of each owner in the premises so described, which re-
port shall be filed and remain of record in the said court.
The appraisement made as aforesaid shall be final and con-
clusive.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the fee-simple of
all premises so appropriated for public use, of which an ap-
praisement shall have been made in the report of the com-
missioners to be filed as aforesaid, shall, upon payment to
the owner or owners respectively of the appraised value,
or in case the said owner or owners refuse or neglect for
fifteen days after the filing of the report to demand the same
from the Secretary of the Interior, upon depositing the said
appraised value in the said district court to the credit of such
owner or owners respectively, shall be vested in the United
States. And the Secretary of the Interior is hereby author-
ized and required to pay to the several owner or owners
respectively the appraised value of the several premises, as
specified in the report of said commissioners, or pay into
court by deposit, as hereinbefore provided, the said appraised
values, and the sum necessary for such purpose is hereby
appropriated out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the said com-
missioners are hereby authorized to employ a clerk to pre-
pare and transcribe the said report so to be made by them,
and the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized to
pay to each of said commissioners and the said clerk, for
their respective services, such compensation as he may deem
just and reasonable, and the sum necessary for that purpose
is hereby appropriated.
Sec. —. And he it further enacted, That upon the title to
the property herein and hereby appropriated for public use
becoming vested in the United States, as provided in the
preceding sections, the Commissioner of Public Buildings
is authorized to enter and take possession of the property
so appropriated without suit or process.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
$66,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for fill-
ing up and leveling the public grounds around the Capitol
as herein enlarged, and removing the buildings therefrom.
I do not purpose to detain the Senate on this
subject. I was anxious to pass this measure as
a separate bill, but I found that impracticable,
the Senate being engaged with other questions to
which a preference was given. The enlargement
of the public grounds around the Capitol is neces-
sary to be commenced at once. Their improve-
ment afterwards must be the work of time. Until
you definitely fix the boundaries, you cannot go'
on with the improvements. There is a great deal
of filling up to take place on the southern side,
the embankment of which, according to the writ-
ten communication of the engineer who has been
employed by the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings in surveying the ground, will take from one
to two years to settle before you can pretend to
grade it, or fix a circular fence around it, or pro-
ceed with any improvements whatever. I there-
fore think it very important that we should act
at this session. Beyond all question, as the Cap-
itol is now extepded, (and we expect to get into
the new wings next December,) the grounds are
entirely inappropriate to it. The committees of
both Houses have investigated all the plans before
them, and have approved of this plan. The ap-
proval of the Committee on Public Buildings of
the House of Representatives and of the Senate
is indorsed on the plan as it is hung up in the
lobby. . .
I am aware there are differences of opinion as
to the extension of the grounds in a westerly
direction. My own judgment is entirely against
that. It is corroborated by the committee of the
House. It is corroborated by the architect who
gave you the design of the Capitol. It is cor-
roborated by the engineer, and indeed by all per-
sons of taste and judgment in the matter. There
is no projection of the building in a westerly
direction, and there is no necessity for the en-
largement of the grounds in that direction, and
there would be difficulty in arranging and grading
the public grounds, if you extended them west-
ward. If this measure be not adopted now, the
public grounds will remain in their present con-
fused, disorganized state for years atter the new
Capitol will have been occupied by both Houses
of Congress.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is with great reluctance
that i antagonize with my friend from Delaware
on this question. I award to him, as chairman
of the Committee on Public Buildings, full credit
for the deep interest, the industry, the applica-
tion, and the skill he has shown in the perform-
ance of the intricate and delicate duties of that
position. He doubtless thinks he has done the
best he can for the park about the Capitol; but
I believe he has failed to secure for the public
grounds that breadth on the lower side of the
slope, the western slope facing the city, that we
ought to have. If we must have a curtailment,
I prefer to make the curtailment on the east, up
on the hill, and enlarge on that side facing the
city. I will go for the largest amount of ground
for the park surrounding the public buildings.
His plan does not make that breadth, north and
south, fronting the city, which I think is essential
for the purpose of making the public grounds what
they ought to be. Anxious as I am to secure this
large appropriation of land, I feel bound to resist
the proposition of the committee as falling short
of what we ought to have. In other words, I am
not willing to take in a less park than we shall
have by taking the ground between C street north
and C street south, and going westward as far as
Second or Third street west. As to the enlarge-
ment eastward, I should not make much con-
troversy whether you take in the blocks proposed
to be included by the Committee on Public Build-
ings or not. I am not willing to limit the exten-
sion west, north, and south by a less limit than
I have stated.
Mr. BAYARD. It is natural that there should
be adifference of opinion in relation to the enlarge-
ment of the public grounds. The honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois may be right; I do not pretend
to set up my own taste or judgment against his;
but I think it would be a mistake to carry the
grounds in the direction he mentions. In that
opinion I am confirmed, as I said before, by the
judgment of others more competent than myself
to decide. We must, in matters of this kind,
adopt some plan. Each individual Senator might
vary somewhat in his particular taste; and after
all, it seems to me you must consult others more
skilled than yourselves.
The Senator said that he was willing to abandon
the proposition to extend the grounds on the east-
ern side of the Capitol, because he does not think
extension in that direction necessary. Why, sir,
you could not make any decent approach to the
Capitol on that side, without taking in the blocks
I propose. Without taking in these blocks, the
approaches to the Capitol would certainly be very
inelegant and inappropriate. If you did not take
them in, you will have the road-way running
almost through the center of your grounds, and
you will have a set of buildings on a triangle, or
some irregular figure, immediately alongside the
public grounds. The western extension, I admit,
is somewhat a matter of taste. The Capitol is not
projected in that direction, as I remarked. There
is no alteration which would require any departure
from the original plan of the grounds, arising out
of an increase in the size of the building on thfe
western extremity. I can see no reason, there-
fore, for departing from the plan as originally
adopted. It strikes me that the grounds will be
sufficiently ample for all purposes when you take
in the blocks which the committee propose, with
a view to obtain the necessary entrance on the
western side, arising from the extension of the
circular road-way that surrounds the Capitol.
The Senate can determine the question as they
see fit. All that I can say is, that it seems to me
to be necessary that you should be accurate in
defining your boundaries. If there is any other
plan that the honorable Senator will submit, and
the Senate prefer it, very well; it is not forme to
contest their judgment. I can only say that the
committees of both House have agreed, after ex-
amination, on the plan before you.
Mr. WILSON. I have bestowed some little
thought on this subject, and I am constrained to
differ from the committee, and to concur entirely,
with the suggestion made by the Senator from
Illinois. A great fault in Washington, and in all
American cities, is that we have neglected to pro-
vide publicgrounds l%rge enough. Look atyour
Treasury Building, your Patent Office, your Post
Office Department; see how they are located. If
grounds had been preserved around them, those
buildings might have been ornaments to the city
of Washington. Now, while you are spending
millions of dollars in making a large and mag-
nificent Capitol for the country, which we trust
is to stand here.while the Union endures—and
that will endure as long as the sun and moon shall
endure—I think we should have grounds large
enough, and that they should be ornamented and
beautified, so that all who visit the Capitol will
see in these public grounds something to attract
their admiration.
Mr. BAYARD. Allow me to suggest that the
plan, as adopted by the committee, may be en-
larged hereafter, if Congress think it proper to do
so. I have stated that it is necessary that some
extension should be ordered at once, because,
unless it be done, the ground cannot be graded
and filled up for two years to come. This will
not interfere at all with a further extension at the
next session of Congress, if a better plan can be
devised. Why not let this proposition pass,and
get a further extension hereafter, if it be desirable ?
Unless we have some definite boundary fixed by
which we may know what work is to be done,
the men cannot go on to fill up the ground. It is,
therefore, important to act at once.
Mr. WILSON. I have but a word to say, as
I know how precious time is. Why will not the
Senate consent to go down as far as Third street,
where the public grounds now go oil one side of
Pennsylvania avenue, and up to C street, where
Trinity church stands, so as to take in the ground
from there to the railroad station? All this space
ough t, in my judgment, to be a part of the public
grounds surrounding this Capitol; and I think, in
starting, it is best to start right, and to take lots
enough at once. One hundred thousand dollars,
or two hundred thousand dollars, or three hun-
dred thousand dollars, is of no consequence t& the
country in comparison with the importance of
having the grounds large enough about this
Capitol,and having those grounds beautified and
adorned.
Mr. PRATT called for the yeas and nays; and
tfiey were ordered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment. I wish to have the
grounds enlarged northward and southward to
C street south, and C street north, and westward
to Third street; and I am willing to leave the
curve lines to be fixed by the^Commissioner of
Public Buildings.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois propose his amendment by
direction of a committee ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir; I propose to amend
the amendment of the Senator from Delaware as
to the boundaries. He proposes to enlarge the
grounds by a given boundary. My proposition
is to amend his boundary.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know that I have
any particular objection to this amendment; I do
not care how magnificent or extensive the design
may be; but there is one principle in the amend-
ment of the Senator from Delaware to which I
object. By it, the Government assumes the whole
power and privilege of determining what the rights
of the citizcns are. They have no option, no elec-
tion in the matter. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Delaware gives the circuit court of this
district power to appoint five commissioners for
the purpose of determining the value of this prop-
erty. The judge can appoint them from any part
of the District of Columbia he may think proper
—persons acquainted or unacquainted with the
value of the property involved in this bill of con-
demnation. The action of the commissioners is
to be final, or rendered so by Wxsjial of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, and the citizens are liable
to be turned out of house and home within forty
days after the judgment is rendered. They have
no voice in the selection of the arbitrators who
are to value their property. It is to be taken from
them and confiscated, or appropriated to Govern-
ment uses without their consent. It seems to ma
that in time of profound peace, when no great
emergency exists, this would be an act of violencs
and usurpation towards them which the necessi-
ties of the Government do not sanction. If the
citizens were allowed any election—if they were
to be heard by any representative or persons se-
lected by themselves, there would be some fair-
ness in it. No man knows so well the value of
his property to himself as the owner. What may
appear very indifferent to persons not immediately
connected with it, to him is inestimable. He may
