1084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
have attachments to it. It may be his homo, or
his place of business, of great consequence to him.
He may have in his mind designs of improvement.
Here you propose to deprive men of their prop-
erty, and to pay them what the valuators may say
it is worth, without their having any voice in the
matter. I have before me a memorial from one
of the property-holders concerned, and 1 ask that
it may be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
To the honorable ike Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States:
The memorial of Samuel C. Busty, of tlie city of Wash-
ington. showeth:
That he re=ides on lot 23, square 6S8, in the city of Wash-
ington ; owns, has Imiit upon, and improved the same for
ins dwelling and place of business, as a practicing physi-
cian ; his dweihng fronts on First street ea^t, between A
arul B stieot-* south. His busine?3 locality for several years
last past has been fixed, is well known, and designed to be
permanent.
That a bill entitled "A bill to enlarge the Capitol grounds
surrounding the Capitol" i*; now pending in the Senate,
the object of which is to deprive this memorialist (in com-
mon with the other owners of the property 111 said square) i
of Ins taul property, to break up hjs business locality, and j
to remove him from his home against his will, and, a«i he 1
respectfully conceives, without any provision by law under ,
which ho shall receive just compensation therefor. ;
That the only provision in that bill for compensation to !
the property-holders in said square is, that they shall be paid J
the present cash value of their interest in the lands and j
impioveinents, to be asserted aud a.-certamed by five com- |
mi«sioners, to be appointed by tho circuit court, out of the ;
freeholders and residents of the District. :
That while your memorialist does not de?ire to raise any ;
qucbtlon a-* to such legislation by Congress, he submits that 1
every involuntary transfer of real estate should be guarded j
With extreme care; and whenever it is designed for the pub- :
lie uc.e, provision should be made by law "for the amplest I
mean** and opportunity to the patty who-se property ia to be i
taken, to be heard by counscl, and his witnesses ; that the ;
jury or commissioners should come fiom the vicinage; and ■
that thpy should not be confined to the actual ca-h value of !
what the property would bring in the market, but should be
allowed to estimate, also, the incidents pertaining to the
property as improved and cultivated tor the purpoa.es of busi-
ness or rcsidcnce.
in each or' these several particulars, the said bill is essen-
tially defective.
The commission should be drawn by lot. or selected
equally by the Government and thr pitty, with povui to
them choose another, or a jury shomd be summoned in
the uiuai mode and drawn 'by lot ?iom a full panel of
twentj-fouj; the eomim-sioneis oi Mir} should be uken
from the city of Washington alone, not from the county at
large : ample notice should nc given of the meeting of the
commissioner5, or of the jury, and the parties should be
beaid by counsel, with the right to examine witnesses, the ;
inquisutiin should be held and taken openly; the damages !
should not be limited to an actual ca=di valu<\ but, as in
almost every ca^e of condemnation of private land for pabhc '
u.-e, th'*v should be such as to embrace and cover the in- !
creased value of the land to the piopnetor according to its
and lmpoitance to him; and \nnr memorialist prays
that the said bill maybe amended accordingly, in order that :
some approach may be made to a fair. }u-t, and reasonable
estimate of the damages which will result to hmi>elfos\vei! j
others by the cnu^mpiated appropriation of his ana their ,
piopcrty io the public u~e. i
Ad of which is respectfully submitted,
SAMUEL C. BtTSEY. i
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no doubt that the j
committee intended to do what seemed to them
ffiir and reasonable; but I find here a proposition
that if the freeholders who arc to be dispossessed ;
do not actually receive the money within fifteen I
days, it is to be the duty of the Secretary of the j
Interior to make a title to the United Stares. I
see also, "upon the property herein and hereby :
appropriated for public use becoming vested in 1
the United States, as provided in the third section :
of this act, the Commissioner of Public Buildings
is hei-dby authorized to enter and take possession
of the property so appropriated without suit or
process." :
The Commissioner of Public Buildings is to i
have power to turn men, women, and children
into the street heels over head, end throw their
furniture will) thorn if his humanity may require
that sacrifice of generosity on his part. They ;
have no alternative, no appeal. They are given :
2)0 opportunity to be heard. The commissioners i
are not to be drawn by lot from a body of twelve
or fifteen or twenty-four men, but they are to be
specially appointed. I think i have not witnessed
on any occasion in tins body ainoredirectattack
on the rights and liberties of citizens than is con-
tained in this proposition. The Government, I
know, is ail powerful, and Congress has power to
invest others with authority sufficient to oppress
any citizen. In making the grand and magnificent
extension, prompted, I presume, by the overflow-
ing condition of the Treasury, it seems to me we
should proceed with some caution, and should
take some xeare to protect the citizen against ag-
gression or oppression.
X am not disposed to occupy the time of the
Senate. Senators having had their attention
called to this matter, will be enabled to decide it.
I trust that until some investigation shall be had,
until Senators shall have had an opportunity of
reflecting upon the subject and looking into it, no
action will be taken upon this proposition. If
you will look, sir, at the blocks of marble now
lying about the Capitol, you will see that they
would keep two thousand men employed until
the next meeting of Congress. Property does
not advance so very rapidly in price., The Treas-
ury is still accumulating. There is no danger of
exhaustion. "We need not fear that it will very
soon be depleted. I think no harm can result
from postponing this measure for a year. Such
a delay will endanger neither the Government
nor the citizen, but will afford the committee an
opportunity of revising their action so as to make
it more conformable to what the citizens ought to
expect, and have a right to claim, of this body,
than if we were now, on the spur of the occasion,
to decide on a subject involving the rights of so
many.
Mr. SEWARD. I think we are all obliged to
the honorable Senator from Texas, or ought to
feel ourselves so, for having called our attention
to this particular feature of the proposition: that
the commissioners for valuing the property to be
taken for this improvement are all directed to be
appointed by the circuit court of the District of
Columbia, without the intervention of the parties
interested, and, practically, without an oppor-
tunity on their part to participate in the appoint-
ment. I think that is a good objection to the
details of the amendment of the Senator from
Delaware, and my colleague is engaged m pre-
paring a modification to remove that difficulty.
Mr. RUSK. I think the honorable Senator
from Delaware, after the manifestations of the
Senate, will withdraw the amendment. It strikes
me that it is too large a subject for us to act on
now. I think there is clearly a disposition in the
Senate against it, and I hope it will be withdrawn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is an
amendment offered by the Senator from Illinois
to the amendment of the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. SEWARD. I do notoffernowthe amend-
ment which I suggested, but I submit another
one m thisshapc:
And no person holding an office or place under the Gov-
ernment or the Uiiited States shall be such commissioner.
This, it seems to me, will remove one of the ob-
jections which have been very properly and justly
brought to the notice of the Senate by the hon-
orable Senator from Texas. I have been a wit-
ness to the laborious and praiseworthy efforts of
the honorable Senator from Delaware to engage
the attention of the Senate to this subject at an
earlier day in the session, and I have been a wit-
ness to Ins entire failure. If it should be post-
poned until tile next session of Congress, I expect
to be a witness to precisely the same efforts on his
part, and the same delays, with the Same result.
I have one word further to add which is in favor
of the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Illinois. From the hour when it was discovered
to be necessary to enlarge these grounds until the
time the enlargement shall be reduced into pos-
session, the property to be added began to ad-
vance, is ad vancmg,and will continue to advance.
You will buy the property cheaper to-day by
twenty-nve per cent, than you will at the end of
the next session.
Mr. RUSK. In my judgment this is altogether
too large a subject to be acted on now. In addi-
tion to the objections mentioned by my colleague,
I see another. Who is to determine the value of
this property; What amount of temptation iato
be thrown in the way? Where is the cheek in
this whole proposition from beginning to end?
We have no time now to investigate it. One gen-
tleman gets up and sujrgests B street as a proper
boundary; another says C street, and presents us
with a very large proposition. I am unwilling to
vote for these liberal ideas of extension until we
have a survey of the ground, that I may know
I something about it. The honorable Senator from
Illinois baa the advantage of me m that respect.
How much his proposition covers I do not know.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Onl y enough for a handsome
park.
Mr. RUSK. But there are a great many lota
to be bought by the Government, and a vast
amount of money is to come out of the Treasury
for their condemnation. There should be great
guards. I think the danger is all on one side.
1 do not think there is any danger of people having
property taken from them for a very small price,
but the danger is that a very large price will be
given.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois is to strike out
all of the first section of the amendment of the
Senatorfrom Delaware, after the word "enacted,"
and insert:
That the public grounds surrounding the Capitol shall ba
enlarged by extending them northvvaid and southward to
C street north and C street south, eastward to 1-V-t street
east, and westward to Third street west, the lines of exten-
sion to be drawn either by the lines of the streets herein
mentioned, or by curved lines not interfering with the pre-
scribed widths of those streets, as the President of the
United States may direct.
Mr. BENJAMIN called forthe yeas and naySi
and they were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall vote for the amend-
ment to the amendment, and then against the
whole. I want the subject postponed.
Mr. BAYARD. As I stated before, I am per-
fectly indifferent myself as to the extent of the
enlargement of the public grounds; but I cannot
see the necessity for the extension proposed by
the honorable Senator frem Illinois. The reason
assigned hy the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts has hardly an application here, because
the botanic garden is part of the public grounds,
and must always remain open; and that composes
about one half of the ground you will take m on
the west side, under the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Illinois. The extension which lie pro-
poses seems to me to be greater than is requisite
for the purposes of the Capitol. I do not know
that I can carry in my mind the plan of the city
so as to realize exactly how far his amendment
will extend the grounds. My impression is, that
it will be a useless expenditure, and it is right that
the Senate should be aware of the probable cost.
The ground recommended by the committee to
be included in the public grounds, which is now
the property of private citizens, is assessed, with
its improvements, at $166,000. I suppose the
valuation will probably be $300,OUO. If we take
in grounds on the west side, as proposed by the
Senator from Illinois, I presume the cost will be
§800,000, probably $1,000,000. I shall not ob-
ject, if it be the sense of the Senate that it is ne-
cessary to surround the Capitol with such an
extent of ground; but it is right that the Senate
should know exectly what will be the cost. I
had hoped that the Senator from Illinois would
suifer the plan of the committee to be adopted. It
will not interfere with the further extension of the
grounds at the next session, when there will be
time more deliberately to discuss the whole ques-
tion than there is now. His plan includes all that
the committee recommend, and more. If he will
allow the plan of the committee to be adopted as
it stands, I think there would be a greater prob-
ability of action at the present session, as the com-
mittees of each House have agreed to it. I fear
that his amendment, if adopted, will cause the
failure of the entire proposition.
Mr. WADE. It appears to me that if we are
to act on this subject at all, there is no other way
than to take the well-considered plan of the com-
mittee. It is a subject of such a nature that no
man can rise here and reduce a proposition for
enlargement within any limits that can be under-
stood. 1 shall cast my vote relying on the judg-
ment of the committee, who have had the matter
under consideration, who understood the ground,
who have had maps and plans of it drawn so that
they could understand it. ff we do not take their
proposition at this stage of the cession, I am sure
the result will be to postpone the question to
another time. It is a question of importance. It
seems to me that if it is necessary to do anything,
we ought to adopt at once the plan of the com-
mittee, which is not so large as some gentlemen
suppose it to be, and at some future period wa
may extend it., if it ho deemed proper. I hope
we shall now either take the plan of the commit-
tee or postpone the whole subject.
Mr. PUUH. I suggest, as we have but five
minutes before the hour arrives for the recess,
that we postpone this bill informally, and resume
