1086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
with Great Britain, be placed upon the pension
roll, and that he be allowed the half pay of a
second sergeant; to commence from the first day
of the present Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
THOMAS M. NEWELL.
Mr. IVERSON. I wish to make an appeal to
tlie Senate to allow a bill for the relief of Thomas
M. Newell to be taken up and passed, and as a
motive for it, I will inform the Senate that he is
an officer of the Navy.
_ Mr. HUNTER. As soon as that bill shall be
disposed of, I shall move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the appropriation bill.
Mr. WELLER. I wish to move an executive
session.
Mr. IYERSON. The bill to which I allude is
a very short one, and will take no time.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the bill
(C.C.No. 15) for the relief ofThomas M. Newell.
It authorizes the proper accounting officer to
settle and pay to Thomas M. Newell, a com-
mander in the Navy, such sum as may be due to
him in his capacity of commander, from March
3, 1835, to October 13,1836, under existing laws,
in the same manner as though no application had
ever been made to Congress by Newell in relation
thereto.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
DANIEL DENVER.
On motion of Mr. GREEN, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. C>29) increasing the pen-
sion of Daniel Denver. It proposes to increase
the naval pension of Daniel Denver, of Frederick
county, Virginia, to eight dollars per month, to
commence on the 1st of January, 1850.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 487)
for the relief of Henry Stewart, reported it with-
out amendment, and recommended its passage.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, submitted an adverse report in the case
of David Parry; which was ordered to be printed.
EULOGIES ON HON. J. M. CLAYTON.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred a reso-
lution " that the Committee on Printing cause to
be printed and bound, in pamphlet form, in such
manner as may seem to them appropriate, for the
use of the Senate, ten thousand copies of the
addresses made by the members of the Senate
and members of the House of Representatives,
upon the occasion of the death of the Hon. John
M. Clayton, late a Senator of the United States
from the State of Delaware," to report in favor of
printing and binding the same. In accordance
with the rule of the Senate, I am directed to report
that the cost of the pamphlet, which will make
thirty-two pages octavo, will not exceed $300.
If it be bound as extra copies are bound, the cost
in addition will be ยง1,325; if with printed paper
covers, it wili cost $500 in addition to the cost of
printing, which is ยง300.
The report was considered by unanimous con-
sent; and agreed to.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Sidney Webster, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed an act to expedite telegraphic communica-
tion for the uses of the Government in its foreign
intercourse.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WELLER. I am very sorry to make any
motion to disturb the gallery; but I think there j
is a necessity for an executive session, and we
had better have it now than at a later period of the
evening. I move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
j| The PRESIDENT pro tempore. TheSergeant-
l! at-Arms will close the doors, and clear the galle-
ji ries.
'! Mr. HUNTER. I ask whether I can move to
jj^consider the order to go into executive session?
I believe we had better go on with the appropria-
tion bills, and take some other time at a later stage
of the evening for an executive session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That motion
can be made.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I move to rescind the
order for an executive session.
Mr. WELLER. If it be the desire of the
Senate, and I am allowed to do so by unanimous
consent, I will withdraw the motion for an execu-
tive session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
will be considered as rescinded.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PEARCE. I am directed by the commit-
tee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 606) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending- the 30th day of June, 1858, to report that
they have met, and after full and free conference
have agreed to recommend to their respective
Houses as follows:
That the House concur in the first, second, fifth, sixth,
eighth, eleventh, thirteenth, fourteenth, sixteenth, twenty-
third, twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth,thuty-tlnrd, thirty-fourth,
thirty seventh, thirty-eighth, thirty-ninth, and fortieth
amendments of the Senate; also that the House agree to
the Senate's thirty-first amendment, with an amendment
as follows : Strike out all after the woid " two" in the
eishth line of the amendment to the word " three" m the
fifteenth line, inclusive; arid that the Senate recede fiom the
fourth, ninth, eighteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, twenty-
first, twenty-second, twenty-sixth, twenty-seventh, twenty-
eighth, twenty-nmtii, tlmtieth, thirty-second, thirty-fifth,
and ihirty-bixth amendments.
They also icport that they have been unable to agree
upon the twelfth amendment of the Senate, which is the
only remaining one.
Perhaps I had better explain to the Senate the
amendments in regard to which it is proposed
that the Senate recede. The Senate recedes from
its fourth amendment, which provides for pub-
lishing the Monroe papers; from its ninth amend-
ment, which provides for four additional clerks
in the Gluartermaster General's office; from its
eighteenth amendment, which provides for an in-
crease of the pay of the clerk to the treasurer at
St. Louis; from its nineteenth amendment, which
provides for supervising inspectors for protection
of lives on steamboats, &c., to be appointed by
the President. The reason for this is that a bill
is pending in the House, making this identical
provision, and the committee of the House were
unwilling to put it on this bill. The Senate also
recedes from its twentieth amendment, which
provides increased pay for the messengers and
criers of the Supreme Court; from its twenty-first
amendment, to pay rent of court-rooms at Los
Angeles, California; from its twenty-second
amendment, which provides for two draw-keep-
ers on the District side of the Potomac bridge;
from its twenty-sixth amendment,which provides
for paying arrears of clerk for extra services ill
the Treasury Department, which they thought
a private claim. The twenty-seventh, twenty-
eighth, twenty-ninth, and thirtieth amendments
relate to the Persian mission, from which the
Senate recede. The thirty-first is an amendment
in which the House concur, with an amendment.
The amendment of the Senate provided for four-
teen additional clerks in certain Departments, and
for watchmen. We propose to strike out the
clerks provided for the Indian office and the office
of the Bureau of Yards and Docks,and the watch- j
men of the General Land Office, leaving in the [
clerks provided for the Auditor of the PostOffice !
Department, and an additional clerk in the State j
Department. The thirty-second amendment re- [
lates to the treasurer of the mint in California, j
and certain clerks of his, from which the Senate i
recede. The thirty-fifth amendment, from v/hiffh ;
the Senate recede, relates to the pay of Mr. |
Beelen, late secretary of legation at Chili, which
the House committee considered a private claim.
The thirty-sixth amendment, from which.the
Senate also recede, relates to changing the class
of two clerks in the Post Office Department.
That is immaterial, inasmuch as I understand it
is provided for in the Post Office bill.
In all the other amendments the House concur, !
except the twelfth amendment, which provides
for the payment of the legislative expenses of the
Legislature of Kansas. Upon that the commit-
tees have been unable to agree, and I have been
instructed to report that we recommend the Sen-
ate to concur in the report so far as it has been
concluded; and if the Senate shall agree to do so,
I shall follow it up by a motion that the Senate
further insist on its twelfth amendment, and ask
for another committee of conference. I now move
that the report, so far as it is made, be concurred
in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I move that the Senate further
insist on its twelfth amendment, and ask another
committee of conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Weller
in the chair) put the question, and declared the
motion carried.
Mr. WADE. Is it in order to move to recede
from that amendment ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is too late
now.
Mr. WADE. I addressed the Chair long be-
fore he announced the vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair was
not aware of it.
Mr. Peakce, Mr. Toombs, and Mr. Clay were
appointed conferees on the part of the Senate.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to ask the Senate to
take up the House bill providing for the construc-
tion of a military road between Fort Steilacoom
and Bellingliam Bay, in the Territory of Wash-
ington.
Mr. HUNTER. I must now press the con-
sideration of the civil appropriation bill. It is
an immense bill, and it will take some time to
engross it, and consider itin conference. I move
that the Senate now proceed to the consideration
of that bill.
Mr. WELLER. One motion at a time is
enough. This bill had great difficulty; in getting
through the House on account of opposition there,
and I want it now acted 011 here.
Mr. HUNTER. The appropriation bills ought
to take precedence.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair .
announced last night, and remains of the opinion ,
still, that the recess was only an interruption of a
continuous session. The Chair at the request of .
Senators allowed certain bills to be introduced i
and passed, and then a motion was made to post-
pone the bill before the Senate for the purpose of
proceeding to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to say that there are
two or three bills, this is one amongst others,
with which I am specially charged, and on which
I wish to have the action of the Senate. I de-
sisted from making the motion to proceed to their
consideration, and moved to go into executive
session, at the instigation of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, or rather upon his expressing a desire that
the motion should be made. I therefore lost my
right to move to take up these bills, as I had a
right to do at the time, by waiting for other gen-
tlemen to have their bills passed, and then moving
an executive session. The very moment that
motion is disposed of, then comes the opposition
of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the appropriation
bill was pending. The Senate had no right at all
to take up those bills, as I understand it.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to know how I could
move an executive session, which the Senator
asked me to move, without having the floor?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill (H.
R. No. 615) making appropriations for certain
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending 30th of June, 1858, is now before the Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole, the pending
question being on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Illinois to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Delaware, on which the yeas
and nays have been ordered. Is the Senate ready
for the question ?
Mr. BAYARD. I feel too unwell to discuss
the question, but I desire to say a few words be-
fore the vote is taken. I have looked at these
grounds since the recess took place, and I am
perfectly satisfied, from my knowledge of what
the cost will be of the ground proposed to be
