1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1087
bought by the committee, that the Senate must
Calculate upon the expenditure of $1,500,000 to
obtain the property within the bounds designated
in the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Illinois. It proposes to extend the grounds down
to Third street, and C street north, and south on
one side. Taking the number of buildings com-
Erised within those bounds into account it cannot
e estimated atless, and I should not be surprised
if it went up to $2,000,000. I think those bounds
are unnecessarily large for the Capitol grounds,
and therefore an extravagance. If we have plenty
of money in the Treasury I do not think we are
justified in an extravagant expenditure of it.
The grounds upon which the committees of
both Houses agreed will be enlarged relatively
to the new buildings; they will, in fact, be more
extensive for the new relatively than for the old
building, and in my judgment quite as much as
is necessary for the present. At all events, if I
am in error in that, this enlargement can take place
at a subsequent session of Congress when gentle-
men can g;ive to it more consideration. The com-
mittee might have agreed to go as far as the
amendment to the amendment, or, if not so far,
further than they have gone, but they were satis-
fied that it would be lost in the House of Repre-
sentatives. I am perfectly satisfied that if we
adopt the amendment of the honorable Senator
from Illinois, the whole amendment will be lost
in the House of Representatives, because the
committee of that House after consultation have
agreed'upon the amendment as it stands, and the
quantity of ground as designated in it. Certainly,
at this period of the session, with the committee
of that House opposed to the alteration, it cannot
be carried. If the amendment of the Senator be
adopted, I shall vote against the whole amend-
ment, and move to substitute one for merely fill-
ing up the ground, leaving the question of the
extension of the public grounds to be decided
afterwards.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest to the Senator that
he had better withdraw the original amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. I would rather have the vote
taken on it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Like some other Sen-
ators, Mr. President, my attention was not par-
ticularly directed to this matter before the recess.
Since that time I have taken occasion to look at
the premises; and I think no person can look at
them, and look at the present buildings as they
stand, and consider what they are to be, and not
come to the conclusion that the present plan of
the committee does not give ground enough, rel-
atively, for the size of the building. To my mind
it is very clear that, at one time or another, we
shall be obliged to enlarge the grounds very much;
and the question raised now is, when is the best
time to do it—whether to make an arrangement
now to take the property in the mode proposed,
if we take it in that mode, or to take a portion of
it, and at some future period take all the rest we
may want.
Now, sir, that we shall be obliged to go to a
larger extent on each side of the Capitol, and take
in some portion of those grounds, is very mani-
fest. In the first place, to a person walking up
in this direction, when he arrives at the bottom
of the grounds the Capitol cannot be seen. It
makes no show, or only a small portion of it does
eo. It does not present the appearance that a
building that has cost so much ought to do. Con-
sidering for one single moment what the feeling
of this country is—that if we are not we are to
be the greatest nation on the face of the earth, it
would seem very singular to allow the building
up of this city to go on, and be contracted in
grounds as we are at present, or must be if what
the committee propose be adopted, and leave it to
the future to clear the buildings surrounding the
Capitol at a very much greater cost than would
be necessary at the present time. If we do what
has been suggested by the committee—take a por-
tion of ground at present, and wait until another
year to take another, and another year to take
another portion—the consequence will be, that
the expenditure will be very much larger than if
we take all we may want now.
I am very clearly of opinion—no man accus-
tomed to such things can hesitate to believe—that
the grounds should be extended as far as Second
street, and we should take away those buildings
that now deface the approach to the Capitol. My
own opinion ia that we ought to go to Third street.
I know the expense will be large — it may be
$2,000,000. What of that ? What is that in
reality to us? It is of no sort of consequence.
It is a large sum; but then, in considering a ques-
tion of this kind for the Capitol of the country,
the question of $1,000,000 is of very little conse-
quence. The idea seems to be, that we are to
have contracted grounds, instead of their being
extended as they should be. The present very
small and mean appearance of -the grounds at
this moment, with these grand buildings in this
little yard, will not be satisfactory. My judg-
ment is, that we should extend the grounds; and
we may as well do it now, because, if we take a
portion, all the other property around the Capitol
will rise one hundred per cent., or at least fifty
per cent., in value, before another year, and will
continue rising, until we shall be surrounded by
an infinitude of difficulties. I am sorry that the
matter is not better digested. We do not know
exactly what we do want; but I am in favor of
taking all that may be necessary at once.
Mr. HUNTER. I merely wish to state that
I believe we have now adopted as many amend-
ments as a committee of conference can consider
and have engrossed and enrolled before twelve
o'clock to-morrow. I hope, in consideration of
thedifficulties that sui round us, that we shall vote
on these questions without debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allen, Dell of Tennessee, Beniamin,
Brown, Douglas, Durkee, Fessendcn, Foot, Foster, Geyer,
Gwin, Hale, Hunter, 1 versan, James, John-on, Jones of
Tennessee, Mason, Nourse, Pugii, Sebastian, Seward,
T\)ucey, Trumbull, Weller, Wilson, Wright, and Yulee—
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Biegs. Clay, Collamer,
Evans, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Houbton, Pratt, Rcid, and ltusk—
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The PRJESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall vote down
the amendment as amended.
Mr. SEWARD. I havean amendment to offer
to the first section of the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Delaware.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us take the vote on the
amendment. There is no necessity to amend it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will inform the Senator from New York that the
first section of the amendment has been stricken
out, and the amendment to the amendment intro-
duced m its place.
Mr. TOOMBS called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 26, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bell of Tennessee, Benjamin,
Brown, Crittenden, Douglas, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot,
Foster, Hale, James, Johnson, Jones of Tennessee, Mason,
Nourse, Piatt, Sebastian, Sewaid, Stuart,Toombs,Toucey,
Trumbull, Weller, Wilson, and Wright—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Brodhead, Clay, Colla-
mer,Evans, Fitch, Fitzpatuek, Gevei, Green,Gwin, Hous-
ton, Hunter, Iversoil, Pugh, Reid, Ru-k, Wade, and Yulee
—19.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
That from and immediately after the passage of this act,
it shall be the duty ot the Postmaster General to enter into
contracts with any individuals or companies who may pro-
pose to carry the United States mails upon any railroad now
finished, m whole or in part, or hereatter to be constructed,
not to exceed once daily each way for the term of eight
years ; and that any individual or company so contracting
and entering into bond and good security, to be approved
by the Postmaster General and Seeretaiy of the Treasury,
shall be entitled, in full compensation for such service, to
import, without the payment of any other duties, all the
iron necessary to be used in the construction, repair, or
relaying of such railroad during the continuance of such
contract.
Under any other circumstances than those sur-
rounding me at this time, I would not offer this
amendment, although I know it is as proper and
legitimate as almost any provision of the bill. I
think the Senate will bear me witness that I
have not, upon any occasion, had a disposition to
either consume the time of the Senate or to intro-
duce measures which would necessarily consume
the time of the Senate. I have been unable, how-
ever, to secure the vote of the Senate upon this
proposition, which I look upon as very import-
ant. I have not detained the Senate to discuss its
merits. The States are all equally and deeply
interested in this measure. It does ho injustice
to any interest, as I conceive, or to any individual.
It does a great act of justice to your State, sir,
to the amount of two or three millions of dollars,
by enabling them to pay in labor for the railroad
iron imported, by which the Government wilt
receive a full consideration. All the other States,
in-proportion to the amount of road laid or to be
relaid, are equally interested in this proposition.
It does no injustice to any of the railroads, be-
cause they now receive money from the Post
Office Department for the service. This measure
has already been explained, and all that I want
is to have the yeas and nays upon it. I think it
is important that we should have a vote upon it;
and I respectfully ask the Senate to give me the
yeas and nays upon the question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President 
Mr. TOOMBS. Allow me to say one word.
That is a very good bill of my friend from Mis-
sissippi, but as we have settled the tariff I hope
my friend from Pennsylvania will not consider
iron in danger.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania allow me to say one word ?
Mr. BIGLER. I give way to the Senator from
New York with the understanding that I still
retain my right to the floor.
Mr. SEWARD. The position which I occu-
pied in the committee of conference on the tariff
bill requires that I should say, that among the
reasons which induced me to consent to that bill,
the chief one was that it was acceptable to both
parties, and it would end all propositions for the
remission of duties upon railroad iron. I con-
sented to what I regarded as a very hazardous
measure, in reference to the interests of iron
manufacturers, to avoid all possible danger of a
still greater one by the passage of a measure like
this, and I believe that opinion pervades in both
Houses of Congress to a large extent. I can
assure the honorable Senator from Georgia, there-
fore, that regarding this measure as very practi-
cal, 1 shall vote against it.
Mr. BIGLER. This is the second time to-day
that I have come into the Senate Chamber, and
unexpectedly found this important proposition
pending before the Senate. But I am prepared
to discuss it in all its aspects, for I have had
reason to anticipate its appearance. It came from
a committee of which I am a member; and you
will recollect, sir, that I made a brief minority
report on the subject. I had supposed—I had
hoped, however, that we had settled this tariff
question for this session, that iron (an interest
peculiar to the State which I have the honor to
represent here) was to stand with the other great
interests of the country, and that no effort was
to be made to damage it by the application of a
principle which was not to be common to other
like interests.
I am sensible of the delicacy of my position.
A discussion of this subject at length ts-night
will be unpleasant to the Senate; the neglect or
omission to do so may entail a wrong upon my
constituents. 1 believe, with the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,J that the proposition is
not likely to pass; but it has been proposed, for
the second time to-day, and as I expect to meet
it here at the next session, it would be but just to
put my view--o>n record. Nothing but the con- %
dition of the business of the country could re-
strain me from doing so; but even that shall not
restrain me from doing so, unless I can have a
clear indication that the amendment cannot pass.
I think the argument I have prepared would
satisfy the Senate that the proposition is a most
absurd one; and that it could not fail to entail
gieat wrong upon the manufacturers of railroad
iron, and at the same tim^, vast impositions and
frauds upon the Government.
I can establish to a demonstration that it is a
proposition virtually to pay American railroad
companies a premium to use foreign rather than
domestic iron. I can show besides that, instead
of paying the present rates for mail transporta-
tion, it proposes to double or treble the rate;
that it is deceptive in all its parts; that instead
of the present average of fifty dollars per mile for
transporting a daily mail, it proposes to give
$1 7o. I can also show that the railroad enter-
