THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Foerth Congress, 3d Session.
SATURDAY, MARCH 7, 1857.
New Series....No. 69.
hundred dollars of iron laid down in the new
States, you take twenty-four dollars, and give it
to the iron manufacturers, most of whom are in
Pennsylvania.
But it is said that this is a proposition designed
to take the duty off railroad iron. It is no such
proposition. It does not reduce the duty on rail-
road iron at all; and I could demonstrate it, al-
though it is better not to brag in advance of what
a man can do. I heard of a dog once that could
have caught a rabbit, if the rabbit had not run
too fast. [Laughter.] It would have been better
for the Senator to have bragged after the speech
was made, and all those things demonstrated. I
am just as confident as he was, and am very cer-
tain, that this proposition does not propose to take
the duty off railroad iron. The amendment sim-
ply proposes, that any railroad company that will
agree to transport the mails without any further
advantage for a term of eight years, shall be al-
lowed, if they choose to do so, to import iron to
make their roads. This proposition, then, would
be a saving to the Post Office Department. The
deficiencies in that Department now amount to
nearly $3,000,000. This proposition would at
once put an end to that.
If the Senator could get on the other side of
this question at all he would see, that if we could
prevent his constituents from pocketing this dona-
tion for a few years, we should extend the settle-
ments of the country as we extended railroads;
and we should create a larger demand for iron.
The iron producers certainly would not suffer by
the adoption of this proposition; and the iron
manufacturers, in my opinion, would not suffer
by it. I know this reasoning was applied to wool,
and various other articles; but whenever you
touch iron, it isnot so " mit iron." Those very
gentlemen who insisted on applying that reason-
ing to other articles, say that iron is a great in-
terest and cannot be touched. They might sustain
that reasoning if they were able to prove, that as
you increase the demand for an article it is better
that duty should be levied on it so as to prevent
that article from coming into the country. It
seems to me to be the veriest heterodox argument
that could be used.
1 do not intend to consume the time of the Sen-
ate further. I hope they will reject the amend-
ment to the amendment, and then agree to the
original amendment, and put the gentleman to the
execution of his threat that he will not yield the
floor until he is assured that it will Be voted down.
Mr. BIG-LER. Mr. President, when this bill
was repotted to the Senate from the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, of which I
have the honor to bo a member, I submitted a
brief summary of my objections to its passage;
and 1 now rise to say, sir, that the examinations
I have since given its provisions have only served
to confirm the unfavorable impression I had then
formed of its character and tendencies.^ Viewed
in all its aspects, it is undoubtedly one of the most
objectionable measures that has ever been pre-
sented for the consideration of the Senate. As
stated in my dissenting report, it is virtually a
proposition "to pay a premium to American rail-
ioad companies to use foreign rathcrthandomestic
iron. Such are the, inducements wh.ch it offers
for the use of foreign iron that no company would
take the domestic article at an equal nominal
price. For instance, if a company purchased the
domestic article they would have to pay for it in
full at the end of a short credit; whereas, if they
purchased the foreign article, under the terms of
the bill, they would be sure of a very long credit
on the thirty per cent, of the amount, and of the
opportunity of alternately paying this thirty per
cent, in mail service, which, even on the severest
conditions, would be a strong inducement to a
needy railroad company. Indeed, to many of
the roads the transportation of a daily mail of
ordinary proportions is of very little account; the
additional expenses being scarcely perceptiole.
But I shall show, in addition, before I take my
seat, that the real cash value of this service in lieu
of duties, as compared with contracts now in
69
existence, so far from thirty percent., does not ex-
ceed ten per cent.; and that so far as the manu-
facture in this country is concerned, they might
as well be entirely off, and that it will be little less
prejudicial for the home manufacture than the
entire remission of the duty. i
As a directory law for the government of the
Post Office and Treasury Departments, I shall
show that its provisions are exceedingly compli-
cated, if not impracticable, and that it proposes
to infringe upon the genera! system of compen-
sating railroad companies for transporting the
mail, as also upon the uniform mode of collecting
the revenue on foreign imports, and is therefore
a species of special legislation well calculated to
beget confusion and lead to imposition, if notpal-
pablefrauds, upon the Government. Let us look
at its provisions for a moment. It reads as follows:
" That from, mid immediately after, the passage of this
act, it shall be the duty of the 1'ostmaster General to enter
into contracts with any individuals or companies who may
propose to cairy the United States mails upon any lailroad
now finished, in whole or in part, or hereafter to he con-
structed, not to exeecd once daily each way, for the term
of eight years; and that any individual or company so con-
tracting and entering into bond and good security, to be
approved by the Postmaster Genera! and Secretary of tiie
Treasury, shall be entitled, in full compensation for such
service, to impoi t, without the payment of any other duties,
all the iron nece-^ary to tie used in the construction, repair,
or relaying of such railroad during the cominuance'of such
contract."
The first remarkable feature in this bill is its
mandatory tone—" the Postmaster General shall
enter into contracts," &c. The next, and most
extraordinary provision, is that which requires
the Postmaster to regard projected mail roads as
mail routes, and to make contracts for carrying
the mails over such routes, although not one mile
of the road be completed. Then, again, it pro-
vides that railroads hereafter to be constructed
can be furnished with all the iron necessary for
construction and repairs, duty free, on condition
only that a daily mail shall be conveyed over such
road without any other charge to the Govern-
ment. Railroads partially constructed, and need-
ing, say half the amount of iron, for the fiee im-
portation of that amount, are to be required to
perform a like service, whilst roads already in
existence would only have the right to import the
amount necessary for repairs. And yet, sir, it
is proposed to make it the imperative duty of the
Postmaster General to make contracts thus un-
equal, and also to take from that officerall discre-
tion as to the necessity for such mail service. It
is to be obligatory upon him to make contracts
with all "individuals and companies" making
application to him under this law for the trans-
portation of the mails for eight years, no matter
where the projected road is to begin or end—-
whether it is to extend through a densely popu-
lated country, penetrate a wilderness, or cross a
desert. The railroad must be a mail route, and
receive the compensation, no matter whetherthere
be any inhabitants on the line of it or not —the
mail-lag, though empty, must go the rounds.
Why, Mr. President, this law would answer an
admirable purpose for parties constructing coal-
roads or lumbei-roads, intended almost exclusively
for private or local purposes. They would eagerly
embrace its provisions; they could then get iron
duty free-, and as for the mail, that would consist
of an empty bag. Thus coal-roads, with a huge
pile of the black material for one terminus, and r.
hole m the ground for the other, would be dignified
into mail routes. These serpentine institutions,
found in the deep ravinesof our anthracite region,
accessible only from both ends, would attempt
the farce of accommodating the public with mails.
Why, Mr. President, I can think of nothing in
the business way more ludicrous than would be
the modus operandi of this law's administration.
Let us look at the picture for a moment, sup-
posing the pending bill to be a law. A presents
himself at the Post Office Department, with a copy
of the law in his hand, and demands a contract.
The Postmaster General modestly inquires what
railroad A represents? A replies that his com-
pany has not built any railroad yet, but they have
found a good place to put one, and he has come
on to make a contract to carry the mail on a road
hereafter to be constructed, and which is to extend
from Mount Misery to Cape Disappointment, in
the State of Utah. The Postmaster "General
gravely replies, that he had never heard of that
route before, and he would like to know some-
thing of the necessity for a mail route in that
locality, what number of towns or cities it would
accommodate, and what number of inhabitants
are found on the line? To these interrogatories
A replies, that " There are not any inhabitants on
that route just now, because it extends through
the woods, but there will be a great lot of folks
there as soon as we begin to build the railroad."
And on this point A becomes eloquent, as persons
seeking contracts always do. He shows, to a
demonstration, that the next generation will need
a mail route between the points named, and that
the railroad cannot be constructed without iron.
The Postmaster General puts on his spectacles,
looks at the law, and discovers that Congress has
said, that on this subject he must do (without, a
why or a wherefore) what A and others may de-
mand; and so is consummated the farce of a con-
tract to carry the mails for eight years over a road
not in existence, and to accommodate inhabitants
residing everywhere except on the line of this
fictitious mail route.
The effect of the proposed law is to take from
the Postmaster General all discretion as to the
necessity for mail service on railroads, and vest
the right to determine the question in individuals
and companies, as fast as they may choose to
exercise it, one after another, ad infinitum. By
this bill it is proposed to declare that every rail-
road now in existence, or partially built, or here-
after to be constructed, nomatterwhereformed, how
long or how short, whether coal road, or lumber
road, or passenger road, single or double track,
whether in a populated country or wilderness,
whether worked by locomotive engines, or sta-
tionary engines, or horse power, shall hereafter
be mail routes, and be paid an exorbitant rat?
for mail service, provided only that such roads
shall be constructed of foreign iron. If constructed
of American iron, then the Postmaster General
may decide that they shall not carry the mail and
receive pay for such service. The absence of
British iron may be fatal to the purposes of such
companies; but to make this certain all they have
to do is to conclude to lay their road with foreign
iron, and then they can have it all their own way,
and here is another of the inducements to prefer
iron made out of the country.
The tendency of this measure would most cer-
tainly be to complicate the business in the Post
Office and Treasury Departments. It proposes
an inroad on the general system of compensation
for mail service by railroads, as also a special
mode of paying duties on railroad iron. For in-
stance, the bill provides that the duties on the
iron used shall be in full for one daily mail, whilst
on many of the roads now in existence there are
as many as two or three, and m some instances
four daily lines. Should the roads hereafter con-
structed "require*more than one daily service, the
Department would have to make additional con-
tracts, to be paid in cash out of the Treasury.
The roads now in existence, looking to the future
repairs, may ask to come under this law; double
track roads would most certainly do so. I-ask,
then, who is to determine the necessity for such
repairs, and the amount of iron required? A new
set of books would become necessary between
the Treasury and Post Office Departments, and
additional agents required to administer its pro-
visions. Mail agents might be placed on every
coal and lumber road in the country under this
act, and other and manifold expenditures grow
out of it. I do not care to dwell on this point.
It is possible the law might be administered in
some sensible way; but I shall take this occasion
to predict that, if adopted, the act will be the
occasion for deep regret hereafter; and that the
importations of foreign iron for the first twelve
months after its passage wUl exceed the whole
