1092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March S,
to give it full effect. This is peculiarly the case
as to railroad iron; and hence the timidity, tardi-
ness , with which capital is invested. For instance,
capitalists may be entirely willing to commence
new works under a given policy of the Govern-
ment, but are restrained because of the uncertainty
of the perpetuity of that policy. That feeling has
manifestly restrained the production of railroad
iron. Statesmen even often forget that their care-
less denunciation of a given policy inflicts great
injury upon cherished interests. Senators have
to-night threatened the manufacturers of railroad
iron with free trade. Some capitalists will become
alarmed at this; and hence it is, sir, that I have
felt disposed to place duties at such reasonable
rates as will give quiet to the subject for years.
This we have already done, and here the matter
should rest. If Senators will aid and facilitate the
production of railroad iron by good assurances,
the increased home production will soon reduce the
price; but it is ungenerous to paralyze it by con-
stant threats, and at the same time complain of
its tardy growth. For some years it has grown
■with marked rapidity;-and I believe it will con-
tinue togrowunaerthe twenty-four percent, duty,
if that policy can rest undisturbed for a series of
eight or ten years. No observing man has failed
to notice the uneasiness of the English manufac-
turers on this subject. They have taken alarm at
the competition which they find in the American
production. The followmgdiscussion, which has
appeared in a leading English paper, and with
which I shall close my argument, reflects that
apprehension most significantly:
il Wolverhampton, November 91 NTo change for the
bettei can be reported in the iron trade. Tlie close of the
Baltic ports has cut off, for the present, one of the chief
sources whence orders have for some ume come, and, 111
consequence, the supply of orders is very small, and the
works are in many cases only in partial operation. The
prospect foi the ensuing winter is, that the men will be only
partially employed, and that a good deal of distress will, m
consequence, be experienced, as there is no probability of
an unproved demand betorc spring. The causes which have
led to tins depression it is not difficult to indicate. In the
year 1853, and the early pait of 1854, an immense demand
came troni America, winch was concurrent with a very as-
tonishing increase m the import into thai country of all
kindbof British produce, that the export from this country
rose from £J6,567,737 m 1852 to £5>3,638,427 in 1853.
u Such a sudden increase could hardly lad to be followed
by a reaction; and the deficient ctop of 1851 rendered that
reaction a commercial crisis, which was ioo*t seriously felt
in America, and which wan hardly les.s severely felt m thn
distuct. The splendid crops in 1855 and tins year, with a
greatly diminished consumption of our iron, and a reduc-
tion oj stocky to the lowest point, m the I'mtcd States and
Canada, were expected to have biouglit euniMve otdets
duiiii'jj the present ycai, but this antu'ip.iimn has been dis-
appointed. This district has been largely supplied with
ordeis for war put poses as long as the war lasted, and since
thai time, for the Continent, including the countues both
in the Baltic and the Mediterranean; considerable oidc^
having, also, been received (rom Indian iail\vays. From
Amei ica the orders have been scanty; and the exports trom
the port of Liverpool—(torn which all the produce of tins
district for North America is shipped— &l ovv that m 1854,
the export of all kinds of iron, pig and manufactured, fiom
that port for the United States and Canada, amounted to
24.1,1 W tons ; in 1855, it fell to 135,069 tons ; ami to the end
of October, in the present year, it was only 1*13,8(10 tons;
which, adding the full proportion for the remaining two
winter months, (during wbieh the exports arts likely to be
less,) shows scarcely any increase this year lioni the very
reduced exports of 1855.
" Duung the present year the prices of iron in America !
have been pteadily declining; best brands having fallen j
about tive dollars, and interior qualities from seven and a 1
half to ten dollars during the year, in the last thtee yeais i
the make of iron m America has very hugely increased; I
from 1653 to 1655, the annual production i« believed to have •
been doubled, or to have increased from live hundred thou- I
wind tons loone million tons,and that it is since increasing I
at tuily two hundred thousand tons per annum. The* in- i
crease is ascribed totho high pi ices prevailing in this eonntiy :
since 18oo, which have admitted of the Americans, with then j
hea vy duties, competing with our iron in their own markets, i
In tact, so tar is this competition said to have gone, that j
native-made iron, which lias hitheito been confined to the !
region wefet of the Alleghames, is now makmir its way into i
the eastern States, and even to the Atlantic potts. j
u '1 iiese tacts have led 5-oine interested in the trade to the ;
conclusion that it would be sound policy for the Stafford-
shire ironmasters to reduce the prices next quarter day j
two pounds per ton, with a view to regain the command oi ;
the American market, and to g «t rid of the competitor who ■
are supplanting English iron in the United States. Doubt- ■
less, if the price of iron could be reduced to that extent fot !
some considerable period, it would ruin many of the Amer- 1
ican manufacturers, and would, for a tune, open the way
to a iaige demand for English iron. The policy, not to :
Bpeak of the fairness, of such a couise, however, appeais
open to grave question.
"There appears little doubt thata reduction of one pound '
per ton must be declared next quarter-day, and as little that
a proportionate reduction must be effected in the work- :
men's wages. Should a further reduction take place, a still ,
greater reduction in wages would be necessary; and this
is extremely undesirable, especially mth the probability of [
provisions remaining at high prices ; and it is hardly likely
that it could be effected, as the general trade of the coun-
tiy, and the prevalent high wages in most branches, would
probably prevent the success of any attempt to reduce wages
to the extent such a fall of prices would render necessary.
Again, while the exports to the west of the Atlantic from
Liverpool have been so small, it by no means follows that
this applies to the Scotch, the Welsh, and the North of
England ports; arid if the price of best quality of Stafford-
shire iron were reduced, the result would be to give the
producers of iron in those districts, and the makers of in-
ferior iron heie, the rates of our best iron, as the first-class
makers could not supply the increased demand which such
a reduction would probably lead to. The result would be,
If wages were so reduced, that the first-class makers could
make iron at these rates at a profit, and those who produced
an mfeiior article, which they would be able to sell at the
same, or nearly the same, rates, would realize still laiger
profits, and a great increase in the means of production
would be the consequence, new works would spring up,
new firms starr, and thus the way would be paved for an-
other crash, when this! artificial stimulus ceated to operate.
The approximation of the pi ices of inferior to those received
for first-class iron in times of gieat demand, is a factamply
proved by past experience, and not a mere conjecture,
"But there is another point to be looked at. Such an i
attempt to destroy the Amei ican manufacturer would create
much heartburning in the States, and might lead to a loud
demand for an increase of the present very heavy import
duties; which, if it did not prevail, would, at any i ate, oper-
ate powerfully to prevent the leduction of the present ex-
cessive duties on Iron imported into that country. The true
policy apppars to be to fix prices at such a point as will
secure a steady demand, and not attempt by artificial com-
binations to crush rivaN; for there aie laws which govern
trade, and which will immediately cause such attempts to
recoil upon their author*."
" November : Again, the figures J gave last week show
how greatly the American demand—s.o important an ele-
ment m the. trade of South Staffordshire—has fallen oll'smce
1654. These facts must prove to the mor-t obstinate that
there is area! depression m the Staffordshire iron trade, so
that the two facts coexisting have*to be reconciled.1'
" December 13: A considerable improvement has taken
place in the demand for iron throughout the country. Sales
are not pressed to the extent they \veie,and otdeisaiemore
fieely given out. The demand from the United Status, j
heftvever, has not been nearly so great as had been antici-
pated for the last six months ; the oi tiers from that quarter
have been one continued disappointment. The Ameucau
merchants congratulate themselves on the portion of the
English market, prices being just high enough to enable
their own ironmasters to supply the market to the full ex-
tent of then* production. A general reduction in England
is absolutely necessary to prevent the undesirable extension
of the iion manufacture m the United States.''
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 38; as follows:
Y KAS — Messrs. Adams, Clay, Fitzpatriek, Jverson,
Johnson, Jones of Tennessee, Iteid, Thompson of Ken-
tucky, Toombs, and Yulee—10.
NAYS-—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright,
Brodhead, Brown, Collamer, Cnttenden, Douglas, Durkec,
Evans, Fessenden, Fi^h, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Geyei, Green,
; Houston, Hunter, James, Nourse, Pearee, Pratt, Pugh,
Rusk, Sebastian, Seward. Shdell, Stuart, Thomson of New
Jet^'y, Toueey, Trumbull, Wade, Weller, Wilson, and
IVnslit-IIB. ' '
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the amendment of the Senator from
Mississippi, on which the yeas and nays have
been demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 28; as follows:
YP.AR—Messrs. Adams, Biggs, Blown, Clay, Dodge, i
Fitzpntrick, tiioun, Gvvin, Houston, Iv.-p.on, Johnson, '
Jones ol Tennessee, I'ugli, Itoni, Rusk. Sebastian, Thomp-
son ot Kentucky, Toombs, Trumbull, Weller, and Yulee—
21.
N-YYS— Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Hitler, Bright,
Brodhmul, Collamer, Crittenden, Durkec, Fesseiiden, Fish,
I''iteli, X'\>ot, {ieyer, Hale, Hunter, James, Mason, Nourse,
Peaiee, Pratt, Hewaid, Slidell, Stuart, Thomson of New
Jeisey, Wade, Wilson, and Wright—
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ALLEN. This morning an amendment
was offered from the Committee on the District
of Columbia to this bill for establishing a ferry at
the Long Bridge, which is now impassable. That
amendment was withdrawn in favor of a propo-
sition to appropriate $15,000 for repaiimg the
bridge, which was rejected. I ask that the ori-
ginal amendment be now taken upand acted upon.
It is to establish a steam ferry until the bridge at
Georgetown, for which an appropriation has been
made, shall be in a suitable condition for travel.
ThePRESIDENTpro tempore. The question
is on the following amendment, offered by the
Senator from Rhode Island:
_ For tile establishment of a steam ferry, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, over the Potomac, at
the Site of rlie Long ilrid^o, according to estimates furnished
by the <Commissioner ot Public Buildings and Grounds, the
sum oi ftoJ.UUO. ;
■# j
Mr. REID. It is very important, I think, inas- |
much as it has been determined that a bridge shall 1
be constructed at the aqueduct, that some com-1
munication should be kept up across the river
until that bridge is completed; because if you do
not make some provision, the means of commu-
nication must be cut off. It is also due, I think,
to the company who have invested their money,
and individuals who have invested their all, in
the construction of a railroad, that some means
of communication should be kept up. These gen-
tlemen, with a commendable public spirit, have
invested their money in a railroad. If you cut
off the means of communication, many of them
must be ruined. In addition to that, the city of
Washington has a large sum invested. I hope
we shall have at least a provision for temporary
communication. I therefore offer an amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. ALLEN. If the honorable Senator insists
on that, I withdraw the original amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will insist
on it.
Mr. REID. Letitberead. Perhaps the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island will not object to it.
The Secretary read as follows:
And the Sccietary of the Interior is hereby authorized to
grant the light of way over said ferry to any railroad com-
pany lunning between Washington'city and Alexandria,
Virginia, tor such compensation to be paid by said company
in money or mail scrvicc, as he may determine ; Provided,
however, That the said privilege shall cease whenever Con-
gress shall so direct.
Mr. PRATT. I understand the honorable Sen-
ator from Rhode Island to say that he will with-
draw the original amendment if this be insisted
upon. The proposition is simplyto continue the
Long Bridge for the purpose of a railroad. It is
so worded that that is not apparent to the Senate;
but I know it from those who have approached
me on the subject. We have voted that proposi-
tion down by a vote of ten to one.
Mr. RElD. There is not a word in my amend-
ment about a bridge.
Mr. PRATT. I am aware of that; but I know
from those interested in it that such is the design.
Mr. REID. It is to authorize the Secretary of
the Interior to contract with a railroad company
for the privilege of using the ferry. A railroad
has been built to Alexandria. This is the only
practicable place for passengers coming on that
railroad to cross the river. I can see no objection
to it. The amendment provides that Congress
may, at its pleasure, take away even the right of
way over this ferry, not over the bridge, for the
amendment does not name the bridge at all; there
is no provision of that sort.
Mr. PRATT. Cannot every one see that,
independent of any amendment, if this ferry be
established, the railroad company will have the
privilege of carrying all their passengers over it?
it requires no provision of law for that. I know
that their object is to carry the raihoad across the
river by means of this bridge. I know that from
themselves, and I do not care, therefore, how the
amendment is worded. That is their object; that
is their professed design, as explained to me.
Mr. ALLEN. I was instructed by the com-
mittee, in making this report, to apply merely
for a ferry—for no connection with any railroad
whatever.
Mr. REID. Inasmuch as the Senator from
Rhode Island insists that he will withdraw his
amendment unless I withdraw mine, I shall be
bound to do so; but I must be peimittod to say
to the Senator from Maryland, that I know the
language contained in this amendment, and I
know that it is not susceptible of the construc-
tion he places on it; for I know os well what it
means as he does
Mr. PRATT. I am sure of that.
Mr. RETD. It does not mean any such thing
as the Senator supposes. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
_ The PRESIDENT protempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Ali.en.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. I really cannot understand
the amendment. Who is to keep this ferry r Is
the United States to run a free ferrv ?
Mr. PRATT. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays on the amendment; and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 27; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Clay, Dodge, Foot, Green, Gwin.
Hunter, James, Mason. Pcaice, Fratt, Reid, Ru&k. Toombs,
Wright, and Yulee—lo, 3
