1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1093
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bell of Tennessee, Benjamin,
Bigler, Brodhead, Coilamer, Darkle, Evans, Fessenden,
Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Foster, Hale, Harlan, Houston, Iverson,
Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Nourse,
Pugh, Sebastian, Seward, Siidell, Wade, Welier, and Wil-
son—27.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Amongst the
amendments offered to-day from the Committee
on the District of Columbia, by the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Pratt,] one was overlooked.
It is to add as an additional section:
And be it further enacted,, That the joint resolution " giv-
ing an increased compensation to all laborers in the employ-
ment of the executive and legislative departments of the
Government, in the city of Washington," approved August
18, J856, be, and the same is hereby, so construed as to
apply to the five Government lamplighters, the watchmen
and laborer employed on public reservation No. 1, and to
the laborer employed by the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings at the Capitol, in the city of Washington, so as to give
them each the same pay as is now received by other labor-
ers similarly employed by the Government on tlie public
grounds m the city ol Washington.
Mr. FOSTER. I wish to move an amendment
to the amendment which I think will commend
itself to the Senate:
For the purpose of making the compensation of the mes-
senger in the Court of Claims, and two laborers employed
in that court, equal to the compensation of other messengers
and laborers employed in like service in the Capitol, $500,
or so much thereof as may be necessary to equalize said
compensation.
Mr. BENJAMIN". I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Connecticut that we placed on the legis-
lative and judicial bill an appropriation to make
gome slight increase of the pay of the messengers
and'criers of the Supreme Court, which was re-
jected by the House of Representatives,and aban-
doned by the committee of conference. I think
it is useless to put on other amendments of a sim-
ilar character.
Mr. FOSTER. It is to equalize, not to increase
pa& r. BENJAMIN'. It is to equalize pay by
adding. I make the suggestion.
Mr. HUNTER. This is a question that ought
to be considered with some caution. We have
been gradually equalizing the pay of the messen-
gers and watchmen in the Departments. How
far this may be extending the precedent I do not
know; but, as the Senator from Louisiana sug-
gests, it will hardly pass the House of Represent-
atives, and in the little time left us, even the coiii-
mittee of conference will hardly be able to examine
many amendments. ,
The amendment to theamendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the original amendment offered by the
Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Pratt.]
Mr. BRIGHT. There has been heretofore
some difficulty about the construction of bills
passed for the benefit of laborers. I wish to in-
quire of the chairman of the Committee on the
District of Columbia, whether this amendment is
intended to embrace the laborers in what is known
as La Fayette Square ?
Mr. BROWN. I think it embraces none ex-
cept those named m the amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move an amendment to the
amendment to include those engaged in La Fay-
ette Square, who perform precisely the same
service as those engaged on the Capitol grounds.
Mr. BROWN. I have 110 objection to that.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment as amended was rejected.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to offer the follow-
ing amendment:
For the employment of five temporary clerks in the
Indian Office, $7,030.
It is recommended by the Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GEYER. I have an amendment which I
wish to offer as an additional section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the provisions of the fifth
section of the act entitled " A11 act making appropriations
for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the yea> 1841,'' approved tlic 3d day of March, 1841,
which established and limited the compensation of col-
lectors of customs, shall be construed to apply to surveyors
performing or having performed the duties oi collectois 01
customs, who shall be entitled to the same compensation as
is allowed to collectors for like servicesmthe settlement ot
their accounts.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BIGLER,. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to offer
the following amendment:
Jlnd be xt further enacted, That the Postmaster General
be authorized and required to allow and pay to George
Chorpenning, Jr., contractor on mail routes Nos. 5666 and
12801, between Suit Lake,in Utah Territory, and California,
the full contract pay during a suspension of Edward Chor-
penning's contract in 1853; also, to allow to said Chorpen-
ning a pro rata increase of compensation equal to the
increased distance for carrying the mails on route No. 5666,
around by San Pedro, in the \vintermonths,andforsupply-
ing the post office at Carson's Valley, during the time such
services were performed.
Mr. HUNTER. I raise the question of order
that that is a private claim.
Mr. BIGLER. It is for the continued trans-
portation of the mail. The latter part of it is
absolutely necessary in order to continue that con-
tract for supplying the mail for Salt Lake from
San Pedro. It is the only mail service in that
direction.
Mr. HUNTER. I must appeal to my friends
not to load down this bill with more amendments,
unless they are considered absolutely necessary.
Mr. BIGLER. I would withdraw the amend-
ment if it were not that 1 felt it was a case of
peculiar hardship. This contract supplies the
mail to seventy thousand people in that region.
I hope the amendment will be adopted. It is a
perfectly just case.
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 19, noes 17.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I offer an amendment which
requires no appropriation. The chairman of the
Committee on Finance will tell you that it is all
right:
And be it further enacted, That the provisions of the act
of March 3,1853, fixing the salary of the collector of the
port of Chicago, Illinois, at $1,250 per annum, shall not be
so eonstmed as to deprive the said collector of the per-
centum allowed by the sixth section of the act approved
March 3,1849, to ;*uch officers as may have been designated
as depositaries under the act of August 6, J846; and the
benefits of said sixth section are hereby extended to said
collector.
Mr. HUNTER. In my opinion that is right.
I think he was entitled under the law. The man
presented his case to me.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DODGE. I offer the following amend-
ment:
That there be allowed and paid to each of the employes
of the Senate the fame compensation that is allowed to the
employes of the House by the resolution of the House of
the 2d of March, 1857, to be paid out of the contingent fund
of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. That is against the joint
resolution of 1854, which provides that this extra
pay should not be given to employes whose salary
was raised. Twenty per cent, was added to their
compensation, that we might get rid of such prop-
ositions as this. It ought to be a separate reso-
lution anyhow. It does not belong to this bill.
Mr. DODGE. I was not aware it was a viola-
tion of the rules. 1 supposed that, as an appro-
priation had been made by the House of Rep-
resentatives, it would be entirely proper for the
Senate to pursue the same course in relation to
its employes.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. If the amendment
of the Senator from Wisconsin is to be passed, I
move to insert the words " and in the Library of
Congress" after " Senate." I think it but just.
Mr. ADAMS. This extra pay is to be paid
out of the contingent fund, and the amendment
proposed will have to be passed as a regular law,
and go to the House of Representatives, for the
approval of that House.
Mr. DODGE. The amendment proposes to
pay it out of the contingent fund.
Mr. HUNTER. Then it ought not to be put
here.
Mr. DODGE. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Territories to offer this amendment:
For the creetion of a temporary capitol for Washington
Territory, 830,000, and for a penitentiary in the same Ter-
ritory, ,$2J,000, inclusive of the sites of the buildings: Pro-
vided, That each building shall be finished for the sum
hereby appropriated.
I wish to state simply that there has never been
a dollar appropriated for Washington Territory
for these purposes. This is an appropriation for
temporary buildings, and is a small sum, on con-
dition that they shall be finished within the amount
of the appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary to present an amendment to
this bill to build a court-house in the city of Bos-
ton. The necessity for it is very well known,
because it is generally understood that there is
some difference of opinion among the inhabitants
of that goodly city as to the execution of some of
the laws of the United States. A great majority
of the law-abiding citizens insist on having this
court-house. I tnink a jail should be provided
there also; but I confine myself to the report of
the Judiciary Committee, who are unanimous on
this point.
Mr. RUSK. I suppose the Senator will not
object to my offering an amendment to authorize
one or two buildings of the same character.
Mr. TOOMBS. If the Senator will paddle his
own canoe I have no objection; but this amend-
ment is offered from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and I object to any amendment not author-
ized by that committee. The amendment is to
add, as a new section:
Jind be xt further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
cause to be constructed at the city of Boston, in the State
of Massachusetts, a suitable fire-proof building for tlie ac-
commodation of the circuit and district courts of the United
States, and for this purpose the sum of $100,000 be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated out of any money in the
Ti easury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Iwish toask my
friend from Georgia if that amendment meets the
concurrence of the Senators from Massachusetts?
Mr. TOOMBS. It does. One of those Senators
[Mr. Wilson] introduced a bill for this object.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move to amend the
amendment by adding, " with a post office there-
in."
Mr. TOOMBS. They have a post office now.
I do not know that it would be at the right place
for a post office. I have not considered the post
office department, and it may be improper. I do
not accept the amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is no place fixed
on, and my idea is to have a place selected with
a view to both objects. I withdraw my amend-
ment, however.
Theamendment of Mr. Toombs was agreed to.
By general consent, the civil appropriation bill
was temporarily laid aside.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Collom, their Clerk, was received, an-
nouncing that the House had passed the follow-
ing bills; in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested:
A bill (No. 339) for the relief of J. H.P. Thorn-
ton, Lawrence Taliaferro, and Hay. T. Talia-
ferro, sureties of D. M. P. Thornton, late a purser
m the Navy of the United States;
A bill (No. 456) for the relief of the heirs of
Alexander Stevenson, a soldier in the revolution-
ary war; and
A bill (No. 855) for the relief of Martin Jewell,
of Kentucky.
JOSEPH GRAHAM.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 533) for
the relief of Joseph Graham, with an amend-
ment striking out " $2,154 25," and inserting
" §4,479 60."
On motion of Mr. PUGH, the amendment was
concurred in.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
folio wing enrolled bil Is and joint resolution; which
thereupon received the signature of the President
pro tempore:
An act increasing the pension of Daniel Den-
ver;
An act for the relief Emilie R. Hooe, of Prairie
du Chien, Wisconsin;
An act for the relief of John Draut;
An act for the relief of Tarrance Kirby;
An act for the relief of Brevet Captain Frederick
Steele, of the United States Army;
An act for the relief of Adam D. Steuart;
An act for the relief of Jefferson Wilson, ad-
ministrator, with the will annexed, of John F.
Wray, deceased.
An act to establish a port of entry at Fernan-
dina, Florida;
