1096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
same thing in principle which >ve have executed
ourselves in two instances, the payment for which
has been made out of our contingent fund.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 am not aware of any reso-
lution that the Senate have passed for the distri-
bution of the Statutes at Large—certainly none has
passed to my knowledge. It may have been done
since the passage of the law. I am very sure if
it has been done, it was done inadvertently,with-
out being brought to the attention of the Senate.
As regards the extra compensation paid to
the employes, the cases are essentially different.
Different constructions have been given to that
law. Wide differences of opinion exist in regard
to it. But there is this elementary distinction
between the two cases; in the case of the payment
of the extra compensation to the employes, it puts
nothing in the pockets of the individual members
who vote for it; in the case which comes from the
House of Representatives, it is a violation of the
law by which they increased their own compen-
sation nominally in the shape of books.
Mr. BIGGS. I wish to call attention, without
taking up time, to the matter, as it now stands,
before the Senate. This is the amendment which
has been sent to us from the House of Repre-
sentatives: *
" For books voted to the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives, by the resolution of said House of the 7th of
July, 1856, j$J&3.76.5 8o : Provided. That one copy only of
Hickey's Constitution he purchased lor and distributed to
each member of the House."
When the bill came to the Senate, as there was
a resolution passed by the House of Represent-
atives directing the Clerk to furnish certain Rep-
resentatives with books, and as he had incurred
liabilities prior to the time action had been had
upon this matter, we proposed to amend it by
inserting the following proposition, offered by the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer:]
" To indemnify the Cierk of the House of Representatives
for what may have been paid out by hnn in tne puieha-e
of books under fixe resolution of the Ilouoe of July 7, 18.")<5,
$50,000: Provided, That the account of the Clerk --hall he
submitted to the accounting ofriceis of the Trea-uiy. and
he shall be allowed for the sum or muds \\Jnen -hall be
legally proven to have b^en actually and unconditionally
heietofore expended by him m the purchase of any books
under the resolution aforesaid. And all the books on hand,
or which may not have been distributed, shall be byhim
deposited in "the Library of Congress for the United States :
Jiwi provided further, That any member or niembeis who
may have received such books, or any part theieof, shall
account for the same at the cost prices paid by the Cleik,
and the same -hall be deducted fiom the payor compensa-
tion of such member or members, unless h" orthov shall
return said books to (he Clerk, to be deported aforesaid.*1
I am not going to take up the time of the Senate
in relation to this subject. I merely wish it to
be understood that i concur in this amendment
which the Senate put on this bill, to indemnify
the Clerk for any liabilities he may have incurred.
This is as far as it seems to me we ought to go in
justice to ourselves and the character of Congress.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we will now- have the
vote. We have but very little time left.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 7, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Collamer, Foot, Seward, Stuart,
Thompson ol Kentucky, and Tiumbull—7.
NAYS—Messis. Bayaid. Bell of Tennessee, Benjamin,
Biggs. Blown, Butler, Clay, Douglas Evans, Fctsenden,
Fish,'Fitch, Fitzpamck, (Jeyer, Gv.in. Harlan, Houston,
Hunter, Iveison, Joinc, Johnson, Jone> of Iowa, Jow"  of
Tenne-see, .Maliorv, Mason, Nourse, Pratt, i'ugh. He id,
Rusk, Sebastian, Shdell, Thomson of Xew Jersey, Toombs,
Touccy, Wade, VTcller, and Yulee—38.
So the Senate refused to concur in the report
of the committee of conference.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate
further insisted on their amendments disagreed to
by the House of Representatives, and asked a
further conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses; and Mr. Toucey, Mr. Fitzpatrick,
and Mr. Coixamer, were appointed conferees on
the part of the Senate.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CRITTENDEN submitted the following
report:
The coinimitee of confeunce on the disagreement of tne
two Houses on the amendments to the bill of the House
(No. bio) making appropriations for the suppoit of the
Army, have met, and alter mil and free conlerenco have
agreed to loeommend. and do recommend, to their re-
spective House.' as lollnwv :
That the Senate recede liom their seventh, tenth, seven-
teenth, twenty-third, twenty-fifth, tbmy-s-eeond. and tur-
tsetb amendment^, disagreed to by the Hou^e
Tint the iiou.-e rcccde from t!i<*ir disagreement to. and
concur in. the fir&t, second, third, fouitb.fihh. sixth, eighth,
ninth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth, fifteenth,
sixteenth, eighteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, twenty-first,
twenty-second, twenty-seventh, twenty-eighth, twenty-
ninth, thnty-first, thirtv-tbird, thirty-fouith, thirty-fifth,
thirty-eighth, and foity-first amendments.
That the House agieeto the twenty fourth amendment
of the Senate, with an amendment striking out the word
"captain" m the last line, and inserting *• first lieutenant."
That the House agree to the twenty-sixth amendment of
the Senate, with an amendment striking out all after the
enacting clause, and substituting therefor as follows: "That
master armorers at the national armories shall receive
$1,500 per annum."
That the House agree tathe thirtieth amendment of the
Senate, with an amendmentstrikingout the word " thirty"
in the fifth line, and inserting the word "fifteen."
That the House agiee to the thirty-sixth amendment of
the Senate, with an amendment, by adding at the end
theieofas follows. " Pro vided, That the said Secretary shall
be first satisfied that the calling out of said inditia was ne-
cessary and proper for the defense ot the Territoiy."'
That the Hou-se agree to the thirty-seventh amendment
ofthe Senate, with an amendment adding at the end thereof
as follows : £c Provided, That such of those commissioners
as were officers in the Army be not paid in both capaci-
| ties."
That the Jlouse agree to the thirty-ninth amendment of
the Senate, with an amendment, striking out the whole
amendment, and substituting therefor as follows: "For
payment of the ariearages of salary due to the late Clerk of
the board of Army officers appointed under the act of i)lst
August, 185:2. at the time it was dissolved, $2,465."
J. J. CRITTENDEN,
CHARLES E. STUART,
; JOIIN' 1*. WELLER,
| Managers on tkepart of the Senate.
! J. A. QUJTMAN,
! S. G. IIAVEN,
| ABRAM WAKEMAN,
i Managers on the part of the House.
j Mr. HUNTER. I move to concur in the re-
> port of the committee.
| The motion was agreed to.
! BILLS BECOME LAWS,
i A message from the President of the United
i States, by Mr. Sidney Webster, his Secretary,
; announced that the President had approved and
■ signed the following lulls and joint resolution:
; An act for the relief of Mrs. Mary Gay;
An act to amend the act ki reducing the duty on
■ imports, and for other purposes," passed July
j 30, 1846;
i An act for the relief of Adam D. Steuart;
; An act for the relief of Jefferson Wilson, ad-
i ministrator, with the will annexed, of John F.
j Wray, deceased;
I An act to establish a port of entry at Fernan-
] dina, in the State of Florida;
An act to settle certain accounts between the
' United States and the State of Mississippi, and
• other States;
j An act for the relief of John Ryiey, an Indian,
| of the State of Michigan;
i An act to constitute Selma, in the State of Ala-
bama, a port of delivery;
1 An act to amend " An act granting public lands
, in alternate sections to the State of Alabama, to
| aid in the construction of certain railroads in said
| State;'5 and
j A resolution relating to the compensation of
j chaplains to Congress.
! CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
| The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
i resumed the consideration of the bill making
; appropriations for certain civil expenses of the
j Government for the year ending June 30,1858.
■ Mr. PEARCE. I offer the following amend-
ment:
• To enable the Committee on the Library to contract with
; J. P Heaiv for o tones ol po;tr;uf=. oi the Presidents of the
: United States for the Executive Mansion, (piovuied the cost
! of the same shall not exceed one thousand dollars for the
j full length portiait-.) the sum of £'5.000 ir> herebv appio-
■ priated :*or, in the discretion ofthe committee, to pmehase
: such of Stuart's poi traits, of the Presidents as shall be for
sale.
I Mr. PRATT. I would inquire of my colleague
! whether £1.000 is to be paid for each portrait, or
| for all of them ?
| Mr. PEARCE. One thousand dollars for each,
! of course; and it is a very moderate compensation.
' It is the sum which the Legislature of Maryland
, has been paying for portraits, and is less than is
j usually received for them. They will be proper
j ornaments to the President's House.
; The amendment was agreed to.
; Mr. YULEE. I am directed by the Committee
; on Claims to oifer the following amendment as a
| new section:
I -And be it further enacted, That the report of the Court of
Claims in the case of David Myerle be, and the same js
hereby, referred, together with the testimony taken in behalf
of the United States and said Myerle, to the Fir^t Comp-
troller of the Treasury, who shall settle and adjust the claim
of said David Myerle upon the principles of justice and
equity, and that the amount so ascertained ^hall'be paid out
of any money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. HUNTER, This is a private claim.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. Myerle is familiar to al-
most every Senator here. He has been pursuing
his claim for the last fourteen years, and a bill for
his relief has passed one House or the other eleven
times. As soon as the Court of Claims was es-
tablished he went there, and they have examined
fully into his case, and report that he has a fair
claim upon the justice of the Government. The
object of this amendment, which I report by the
direction of the Committee on Claims, is, that the
amount may be ascertained by one of the officers
of the Treasury upon the principles of equity and
justice, and that the amount so ascertained shall
be paid to him.
I hope, Mr. President, that the Senate will
concur in the amendment which the committee
have reported to this bill. This old man is now
sinking into his grave. He has spent his life in
the pursuit of justice here. He is now nearly
blind; and unless the relief which is proposed by
this amendment comes to him now, it will have
come too late to redress the gross injustice of
which he was the victim, the particulars of which
I will not undertake to repeat here, because it must
be familiar to every Senator.
Mr. HUNTER. \ raise the question of order
that it is a private claim.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A private claim
is admissible under the rules.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to remark, that
if that rule were to apply to this amendment it
would apply to one put on the bill this evening.
That also was a private claim.
Mr. HUNTER. That is very likely.
Mr. TOOMBS. Has the question of order
been decided by the Chair ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair has
made no decision, but will submit the question to
the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All I have to say with
regard to the question of order is, that a private
: claim, which came by the recommendation of one
of the committees of the body—I believe the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, for the
; relief of George Chorpcnning—was put on the
i bill this evening. The question was raised; and
! the reply was, that it came by the recommenda-
! tion of the committee. I suppose, then, if it is so,
; this is only following that example, and there is
■ no danger of its being followed further.
I wisii to say to the chairman of the Committee
: on Finance, who probably is familiar with tho
I circumstances of this cpse, that if there was any
! other possible chance for it—if there was any
: other mode in which it could be reached—the
j committee would not have recommended this
j mode. I wish to say to all gentlemen that the
: Committee on Claims examined it; and certainly,
| if there ever was a claim appealing to the justice
1 of Congress, if not strictly to the obligations of
1 Congress, it is this. As stated by the Senator
| from Florida, we examined this matter, and found
j this to be the state of facts: It is a case that has,
I as I am well informed, passed Congress in one
| shape or another eleven times, in one House or
| the other. It so happened that it never passed
| both Houses at the same Congress. This man
^ was ruined by trusting tho Government; that is
1 to say, by proceeding, under the inducement held
i out by the Government, to try experiments which
I have resulted very much to the benefit of the
j country, m introducing the water-rotted hemp,
| for he was the introducer of it. He commenced
j the experiments at the request of the Government,
! and sacrificed his business to it. He has been
j seeking some compensation for a number of years.
| I am told, on authority that I cannot doubt, that
j this old man has become nearly blind, and that
j the prospect is that he will live, certainly, but a
I very short time. He will die of disappointment
j if the Government does not do something for him;
i and this is the last chance to do it.
| It maybe all very well to laugh at these things;
but the truth is, we do things as a Government,
or as members of Congress, that we would not do
as private individuals. We have cases presented
to us here where the Government is under the
strongest obligations—obligations that would be
