1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1101
offer an amendment, and I will state for the in-
formation of the Senate, that perhaps my case is
not so strong as that of the Senator from Cali-
fornia. He says this claim has never been heard
of before in either House of Congress. My ob-
ject is to offer as an amendment a bill from the
House of Representatives that has been favorably
reported on by the Court of Claims, which pro-
vides for refunding the marshal of the eastern
district of Louisiana the amount he has paid for
furnishing the court-house at New Orleans. I
do not know whether the gentleman will admit
that my claim is as meritorious as his.
Mr. WELLER. It is obvious that the design
of the Senator is to defeat this proposition. He
has been here all day while this bill has been
pending. Why could he not offer hjs amend-
ment before ?
Mr. SLIDELL. I propose to offer it now as
an amendment to this amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is objected
that the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia is not in order. The Chair submits to the
Senate the question, whether the amendment shall
be received under the rules.
The amendment was not received.
Mr. YULEE. I have an amendment which
has been submitted to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, and which is intended to
supply a deficiency created by a provision m the
legislative, executive, and j udicial appropriation
bil! passed yesterday:
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the sal-
aries of the judge-* of the circuit and orphans' courts of
the District of Columbia for the year ending the 30th June,
1858, $4,050.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to offer the following amend-
ment, which is recommended by the Secretary of
the Treasury, to be inserted as a new section:
Jlndbeit further enacted, That from and after the com-
mencement of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1857,
in lieu of the present compensation, the compensation of
inspectors of customs, except m ports on the Pacific coa?t,
shall be four dollars per day each, whenever, in the opinion
of the Secretary of the Treasury, such changc shall be
reasonable and pioper.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear the last
part of that amendment again.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. CLAY. I am a member of the Committee
on Commerce, but I was never consulted about
this amendment. I must ask some information
in regard to it. By the way, I wish to remark
that I do not approve of this habit of consulting
individual members of a committee, and getting
their authority to make reports here as coming
from the committee. What this is for I have no
idea, and I do not suppose any member of the
Senate has. I have heard it estimated that it will
take a large amount of money. I wish to know
from the Senator who reports it by authority of
acommittee of which 1 am a member, for I never
heard of it before, what it is.
Mr. SEWARD. The Committee on Com-
merce directed me at this session and at the last
session of Congress to report an amendment, on
the recommendation of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, for an increase of the pay of the inspectors
of the customs; and at a meeting of the committee,
whether the honorable Senator was there or not,
I was instructed to report it to the Senate, and I
did it.
Mr. BIGLER. It was at its last meeting.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania, who is a member ot the committee,
says it was at the last meeting of the committee.
This amendment was offered to-day, but it was
connected with another proposition which met
the approbation of the committee, to increase the
salary of other officers. The honorable senator
from Virginia, the chairman of the Committee on
finance, objected to that; and I then withdrew
it, stating that I would present it at another stage
of the debate, if I thought proper. On submit-
ting the amendment in this shape, it received his
assent and approbation. The whole ot it is just
this: In the year 1816, the wages of these officers
of the custom-house were fixed at three dollars
per day, and now, forty years afterwards, it is
necessary, in the opinion of the Secretary of the
Treasury, in order to secure a faithful discharge
of the responsible trust in the States of the Union
where they are located, that the wages of these
officers that have not been increased since the
year 1831 or 1835, should be raised one dollar a
day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
from New York whether it would not be better
to strike out the last clause of the amendment.
I think the pay ought to be increased to four dol-
lars a day; but I do not think the Secretary of
the Treasury should have the discretion of allow-
ing the increased pay or not.
Mr. SEWARD. We have a right to presume
that the Secretary of the Treasury would exercise
that discretion wisely. That clause is inserted
only to render the amendment more acceptable to
the Senate. If the Senate vote it down, I have no
objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment is less
acceptable to me, for one, in its present shape. I
do not think that the increased pay should depend
on the size of the place where the custom-house
is located. Where there are large cities and large
customs, of course they have a large number of
inspectors, and the labor is not so hard as in
smaller places. If the last clause be stricken out,
I will vote for the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I will say, in regard to this
matter, that I said to the Senator from New York
that I believed the pay of the inspectors ought to
be raised, and would vote for-it if accompanied
with no other proposition, and if it would not lead
to debate. But it is so late in the session that I
appeal to him whether we ought not to report the
bill to the Senate without further amendment? Is
it possible, if wc go on amending the bill in this
way, to carry it through?
Mr. SEWARD. I think there will be very
little, if any, debate on this subject.
Mr. WELLER. Let us have a vote.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall vote against all amend-
ments.
The amendment was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 15, noes 20.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the bill will now be
reported to the Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have an amendment to offer
from the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia:
For opening, grading, and planting with ornamental trees,
Boundary street, from its commencement at Koek rroek to
its terminus at the Eastern Branch of the Potomac, §o0,000.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall vote against all amend-
ments. There are more now on the bill than the
committee of conference can attend to.
Mr. CLAY. I rise to a point of order. Is the
amendment moved from a committee ?
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 move it from the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. CLAY. Are you a member of that com-
mittee ?
Mr. BRIGHT. I am not.
Mr. HUNTER. Then you have no right to
offer the amendment.
Mr. CLAY. That is my understanding.
The PRESIDENT pro'tempore. The Chair
does not understand that a committee can dele-
gate its authority to offer amendments to any
other than its own members.
Mr. BRIGHT. That has not been the prac-
tice heretofore in the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will so rule it. It is in the power of the Senator
to appeal from the decision.
Mr. BRIGHT. I offered the amendment at
the instance of the Senator from Maryland. I
i ask him to adopt-it.
' Mr. PRATT. Certainly.
Mr. BRIGHT. There is an urgent necessity
for this appropriation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
would inquire whether the amendment is offered
by direction of a committee*
Mr. BRIGHT. I offered it by direction of a
committee; but the honorable Senator from Mary -
i land now adopts it.
Mr. PRATT. I do.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
would inquire of the Senator from Maryland
whether he offers the amendment from a com-
mittee?
Mr. PRATT. I offer it as a member of the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By direction
of the committee >
Mr. PRATT. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If offered by
direction of a committee, the amendment is in
order.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have another amendment to
offer, as a new section:
vlnd be it further enacted, That a sum not exceeding
$7,500 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated to pay the
debts and liabilities created m the construction of the United
States marine hospital at Evansville, Indiana, and now re-
maining unpaid; and that the Secietaryof the Treasury
cause said debts and liabilities to be paid to the person or
persons entitled to receive the same, after being satisfied of
the correctness of said claim.
Mr. HUNTER. Is not that to provide for a
private claim ?
Mr. BRIGHT. No, sir; it is for the payment
of debts growing out of the improvement of the
marine hospital at Evansville.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask if it is not the same
amendment that was offered by the Committee on
Commerce?
Mr. BRIGHT. It is not the same. I hope
there will be no objection to it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have another amendment
that I wish to offer as a new section:
jltitl be.it further enacted. That tb<re shall be paid to the
Auditors. Comptrollers, Itegister, Solicitor, and Commis
sioner of Customs of the Treasury Department, and to the
Commissioners of the Land, Patent, and Pension Offices,
and of Public Buildings, and Indian Affaiis of the Interior
Depaitment, an additional annual compensation of 1,000
each ; and to the Recorder of the Land Oflieo an additional
annual compensation of $800; and to all the clerks, mes-
sengers, and other employes of the Departments of State,
War, and Navy, the Treasury. and Interior, and the Geneial
Post Office, and the Attorney General's Office; an additional
annual compensation of twenty per cent, on the salaries to
winch they aie now entitled by laiv. to take effect fiom
and aitertlie 30th of June, 1S.>6; and the amount necessary
to carry this clause injo effect is heiehy appropriated out
of any money m the Treasury not otheiwise appropriated.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think, considering the gen-
eral increase that has been made in the salary ol
all the clerks for a number of years, and other
officers here, from which these auditors have been
excluded or omitted, that this is the most reason-
able of any of the amendments for an increase of
salary that I have seen. The amountis notabove
what is right for theni to reccive.
Mr. HUNTER. This amendment proposes
to give back pay, as I understand it.
Mr. BPJG HT. I have no doubt this amend-
ment will share the same fate as those other
amendments 1 offered which were voted down.
I understand we are now in Committee of the
Whole. When the bill shall be reported to the
Senate, I intend to renew all these amendments.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to strike out all of the
amendment except that which relates to the heads
of bureaus. The salaries of the clerks have been
raised since the salaries of the heads of the bu-
reaus have been raised. If the Senator will ex-
clude the clerks, I shall vote for the amendment.
If the object is to raise the salary of the clerks, I
am opposed to it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I think myself there is more
propriety in raising the salaries of heads of bu-
reaus than in increasing the pay of the clerks.
While I think their pay might appropriately bo
raised, 1 have no objection to the amendment, if
it will give strength to the residue of the original
proposition.
Mr. RUSK. I suggest an amendment, to in-
clude the three Assistant Postmasters General.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator accept that modification :
Mr. BRIGHT. Yes, sir. I accept it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands the Senator from Georgia to propose
an amendment to strike out all of the original
amendment except that which relates to the heads
of bureaus.
Mr. RUSK. I understand it is so modified by
the mover.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
does not so understand it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I accept the amendment offered
by the Senator from Texas.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. So the Chair
undeistauds; but the Senator from Georgia moves
to strike out the whole of the amendment except
that which relates to the heads of bureaus.
Mr. BRIGHT. I accept the amendment of
the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. STUART. I ask the Senator whether it
