1102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Mareli 8,
is not eminently proper to include the Commis-
sioner of Patents in his amendment?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. He is included.
Mr. BIGGS. I ask that the amendment be
read as modified.
The Secretary road it, as follows*
Jinti be it further enacted. That there shall bo paid to the
Auditors, Comptrollers, Register, Solicuoi, and Cominis-
siouet of Cu^tum-- of the Treasury Department, and to the
Commi-^ioners of the Land, Patent, and Pent-ion Offices,
and of Public Buildings, and Indian Affairs of the Interior
Department, and afco the three Assistant Postmasters Gen-
eral, an additional annual compensation of $1,000 each ;
and to the Recorder of the Land Office an additional annual
•compensation of fj^OO ; and the amount necessary to carry
this clviiw; into efiect is hereby appiopnated out of any
money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator from Indiana
inform me what these officers are now getting?
Mr. BRIGHT. Three thousand dollars a year.
Mr. HUNTER. And this proposition is to
raise thorn to $4,000.
Mr. RUSK. Some of them are only getting
$2,500.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I offer m
amendment to include the Assistant Secretaries
of State and the Treasury.
Mr. BRIGHT. I believe those officers are
now getting $4,000 each annually.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I beg the
Senator's pardon; they get but $3,000.
Mr. BRIGHT. I cannot consent to that amend-
ment.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the original amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUTLER. I have not said a word here-
tofore on this subject; but I say that the class of
persons who tiro willing to take these offices, which
do not require very bi^h intellectual endowments,
are veiy well content to take them at the present
salaries, and I do not think they ought to get more.
They now ask the same salary that the judges of
the Supreme Court but a very short time ago re-
ceived. 1 think they are asking too much.
Mr, THOMSON, of New Jersey. I desire to
say,i'pon reference to the Blue Book, that$3,000
is the salary of the Assistant Secretaries of State
and the Treasury, as I stated, and not $4,000.
Will not some gentleman who voted in the affirm-
ative move a reconsideration of the vote by which
ihr Senate rejected the amendment to the amend-
ment ?
Mr. WEIXER. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have moved the amendment
giving lo the heads of bureaus $4,000, because I
thought that amount was no more than they were
entitled to. That is about the increase on their
compensation that has been given the officers of
the Government generally. If the Senator from
New Jersey ia correct as to the amount of salary
received by the Assistant Secretaries of State and
the Treasury, I will accept his amendment.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. Here it is.
I will read the law if it is desired.
Mr, Piron. It is so in the Blue Book.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then I have no objection to
the amendment. I accept it.
The question being taken on the amendment
as modified, resulted—yeas 2:2, nays 19, as fol-
lows:
YEAS — Mffcsr-. Alien, Benjamin, Bright, Biodhoud,
ftouclds. J'itf it. Fit/pan trk, Hon-.ion, ivej^on,
Jones of Tenne-see, Puiih, Ku-k, Sewaul, ^hdell,
£tnan. Thcm-on ot New Je'-.cy, Toombs, VVoiler, Wnght,
und Viiic*'—ki\i.
Adams Bell of Tenne^ce, Bi<«rs, But-
ler, <'lay, Lvfir's, Pt-=b, Foster, G'*yei, flatlnn. Hunter,
JojjTi-.-,;,, *viaJlo;y. Moduli, Nuur^e, Rnd. Trumbull, Wade,
and lYjl.-.m-— It).
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. When I was on the floor
before, T si"if up to fhe Chair an amendment
which I a?.k may now be acted on. It is to in-
sert:
For detyniii": the channel of the Potomac aver between
fie I.oilliudge ami Geujgetnwn, su a- to give «ufhci«'nt
depth of wnfi (or v.-. scL to cto-c the bir at low tide,
aiiret.il.lv' to the recommendation of the Heeretaivof the
Treji-ury,
I have notice that the honorable Senator the
chairman of the Committee, on Finance will op-
pose this amendment; and I must, therefore, beg
leave to state the grounds upon which I offer it.
It is offered in behalf of the Committee on Com-
merce; and I read in support of it a letter from
the Treasury Department:
Treasury Department, February 28, 1857.
Sir : I have the honor to apprise you that an appropri-
ation te very desuable for the puiposc of deepening the
channel over the bar m the Potomac liver, above the* Long
Bridge, thereby largely increasing the facilities for approach-
ing Georgetown.
As tile work upon the Treasury extension would be much
couvemenced by this mattei, and tha landing of the large
quantities of granite for its use very much facilitated, I re-
spectfully recommend that an appropriation of $12,000 be
made for the purpose, in addition to the $5,000 already ap-
propriated.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, JAMES GUTHRIE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. R. IM. T. IIunter, Chairman of the Committee on
Finance, Senate.
I have also a letter from A. H. Bowman, the
superintendent of tho Treasury extension, who
says:
" A« a measure of economy in the delivery of the mate-
rials for the conjunction of the Treasuiy extension alone,
the amount called for, for deepening the channel above the
Long Budge, would be well expended.'1
Mr. HUNTER. We have put upon this bill
almost everything, and now we are to have appro-
piiations put upon it for clearing out rivers. I
do not know that the river and harbor bills will
not be put upon this bill before we have finished
it. We have appropriated largely and lavishly
for this District, and it seems to me that some
stop should be put to them. Are we to go on
and clear out the Potomac river? Is that a part
of our legitimate province and sphere? Is it a
suitable appropriation to put on this bill, and is
this a proper time to be selected to press such an
amendment? I ask the Senator from New York
if he thinks this amendment ought to be put on
such a bill as this, without any debate or oppo-
sition ? I have refrained from speaking, because
I knew if I did so it would be impossible to carry
this bill through. I have seen many things go
upon it that were very much against my judg-
ment and opinion, and which, if there was time,
ought to have and would have been opposed; but
it seems it is only necessary to send an amend-
ment to this bill to the Secretary's table, and it
is adopted. If this amendment be adopted, I
know not what will come next. Theie are a thou-
sand other appropriations that might as justly
and as properly be placed on this bill as the one
offered by the Senator from New York.
Mr. SEWARD. J have only one word to say
in reply. If this amendment is not just and right
and wise as a measure of economy, and necessary
at this time, then the superintendent of the Treas-
ury extension ou ht to be dismissed, and the
Secretary of the Treasury, who administers that
branch of the Government with so much ability
and satisfaction to the public, is totally unfit for
the trust he holds. After we have raised the sal-
aries of public officers, tho honorable Senator
from Virginia objects to this measure, which is
presented by theadministratorof the public Treas-
ury as a matter of economy.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. YULEE. The Senate a few moments ago
increased the salaries of chiefs of bureaus. I
propose now to do a similar act of justice to the
more humble workers in the executive Depart-
ments. I send for that purpose an amendment
to the Chair, and with it a table which will show
the rates of increase of the compensation of the
employes of the Government, to such gentlemen
as shall choose to examine it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does it not come from any
committee?
Mr. YULEE. No, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I raise the question of
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment not being reported from any committee the
Chair rules it out of order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. In presenting the amend-
ments of the Committee on Commerce this morn-
ing,l inadvertently omitted one for the completion
of the United Statfs court-house and post office
at Key West, which was recommeuded by the
Department, and ought to have been reported at
the same time as the oilier amendments. It is to
add:
For the completion of a United States court-house and
post office at Key Wes t, Florida, $30,000, with ten percent,
for contingencies, and so much as may be necessary for the
purchase of a suitable site for the same.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have one more amend-
ment, from the same committee, to offer, which
makes no appropriation, butis to remedy adefect
in the existing consular law. It is recommended
by the Department of State, which finds itself
embarrassed in carrying out that law. It is to
add as an additional section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the President may, if he
considers that the public interest will be piomoted thereby,
transfer from schedules B and C of the act entitled "'An
act to regulate the diplomatic and consular sy*tems of the
United States," approved August 18, 185t>, any consulate
or commercial agency named therein to the class of con-
sulates or eommeicial agencies not embraced m said sched-
ule, and the consular officers appointed to such offices
shall receive for their compensation such fees as may be
collected thereat; and that the twenty-fiV&t section of said
act of the 18th of August, 1856, be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to know whether the
amendment is designed to allow the Piesident to
raise the salaries at pleasure, or to transfer the
consulates from a lower to a higher schedule ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will explain it in a mo-
ment. The object of the amendment is just the
contrary to that supposed by the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia. The schedules B and C of
tho consular act of last session are schedules of
consulates which are paid by salaries. The other
consulates are paid by fees. The Secretary of
State reports that there are a number of consuls
at the consulates, whom it is very important the
United States should keep as officers, who refuse
to give up their business and take salaries, but
are willing to remain as consuls if they are paid
by fees, and are allowed to continue their busi-
ness as merchants. lie finds it especially to be
the case in Russian ports, where we shall lose
our most valuable consuls if we insist on their
taking salaries without doing business as mer-
chants. The Secretary of State finds it impossi-
ble to fill those offices.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish simply to state one
instance in support of this measure. I know one
Russian port where wc shall materially suffer if
we do not keep the present occupant, and allow
him to do business. I allude to Mr. Riley.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 ought to have stated for
the information of the Senate that that same
amendment repeals the twenty-first section of the
consular act which forbids the payment of fees or
salary to any consul who is not a citizen of the
United States. I wish to call attention to that
amendment. The Secretary of State also says,
in relation to that section of the law, that m east-
ern countries, and in Russia, it is impossible to
find American citizens to fill the consulates. It
is, therefore, necessary to repeal that provision.
No further amendment being proposed, the bill
was reported to the Senate as amended, and the
amendments were concurred in, and ordered to
be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
It was read the third time and passed.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. CuLLOM,its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills andjointres-
olution of the Senate:
A resolution (No. 52) for the return to the land
office atVincennes, Indiana, of certain deeds trans-
mitted to the General Land Office by the board
of commissioners appointed under the act " to
ascertain and adjust the titles to certain lands in
the State of Indiana," approved July 27, 1854.
A resolution (No. 5G) allowing Commander
Henry J. Hartstene, of the United States Navy,
Lieutenant S. D. Trenchard, Master Morrison,
and the petty officers and crew of the steamer
Vixen, to accept certain tokens of acknowledg-
ment from the Government of Great Britain;
A bill (No. 496) for the relief of James D.
Johnston;
A bill (No. 320) for the relief of Martin Fen-
wick;
A bill (No. 593) to divide the State of Missouri
into two judicial districts;
A bill (No. 537) for the relief of Captain Al-
exander Montgomery, an assistant quartermaster
of the United States Army; and
A bill (No. 110) to confirm to the several States
