1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nm
the swamp and overflowed lands selected under
the act of September 28, 1850, and the act of
March 2, 184D.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills:
An act for the relief of Martin Fenwick;
An act for the relief of James D. Johnston;
An act for the relief of Captain Alexander
Montgomery, an assistant quartermaster of the
United States Army;
An act for the relief of Joseph Graham;
An act to divide the State of Missouri into two
judicial districts;
A resolution allowing Commander Henry J.
Hartstene, of the United States Navy, Lieuten-
ant S. D. Trenchard, Master Morrison, and the
petty officers and crew of the steamer Vixen, to
accept certain tokens of acknowledgment from the
Government of Great Britain; and
A resolution for the return to the land office at
Vincennes, Indiana, of certain deeds transmitted
to the General Land Office by the board of com-
missioners appointed under the act "to ascertain
and adjust the titles to certain lands in the State
of Indiana," approved July 27, 1854.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MALLORY, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 633) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 30,1858, submitted a report, recommending
that the Senate recede from its second, eighth,
thirteenth, eighteenth, twenty-first, and twenty-
third amendments; that the House of Represent-
atives reeede from its disagreement to, and concur
in the third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, ninth,
tenth, eleventh, twelfth, fourteenth, fifteenth, six-
teenth , seventeenth, nineteenth twentieth,twenty-
second, twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth, and twenty-
sixth; that the House of Representatives concur
in the first amendment of the Senate, with an
amendment striking out " ten thousand'' and in-
serting" eight thousand five hundred,"and strik-
ing out "$4380,449" and inserting "$3,855,430;"
that the House of Representatives concur in the
twenty-seventh Senate amendment, with an
amendment striking out all after the word "Pro-
vided," and inserting: " That the acceptance of
the provisions of this act by any of the said offi-
cers shall be a full relinquishment and renuncia-
tion of all claim on his part to any further com-
pensation on this behalf from the United Slates
Government, and to any position in the Navy of
the United States."
Mr. HUNTER. I move to concur in the re-
port of the committee of conference.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish the latter portion of
the report again read.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Does the Senator wish
information in regard to the amendment relating
to the Texan navy ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I can state the action of
the committee of conference in regard to it, and
perhaps the Senator can better understand it in
that way. The House of Representatives receded
from its disagreement to the Senate's amendment
respecting the Texas navy. All recollect what
that amendment was. They add a proviso to it
that if those officers accepted the terms proposed
by the Senate, it should be a relinquishment upon
the part of those officers to all claims whatsoever,
either to pay or position in the United States
Navy. .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate concur in the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
The report was concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 454) for the
relief of Mark and Richard H. Bean, ot the State
of Arkansas; in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested.
J. H. F. THORNTON AND OTHERS.
Mr. BUTLER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back the bill
(H. R. No. 339) for the relief of J. H.Jb . Thorn-
ton, Lawrence Taliaferro, and Hay. T.Taliaferro,
sureties of D. M. F. Thornton, late a purser in
the Navy of the United States. It has already
passed the Senate twice, aftd has now passed the
House of Representatives, aiid I hope it will be
considered at once.
There being no objection the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill. In conformity with the principle of the re-
port of the Committee on the Judiciary made on
the 26th of July, 1854, it releases J. H. F. Thorn-
ton, Lawrence Taliaferro, and Hay .T.Taliaferro,
from their liabilities as sureties on bonds of D.
M. F. Thornton, late a purser in the Navy, ex-
ecuted on the 3d of December, 1840, and on the
30th of March, 1846.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, communicating, m compliance with a res-
olution ofthe Senate, the correspondence between
the Treasury and the Interior Departments and
Edward Beale, late Superintendent of Indian Af-
fairs in California; which, on motion of Mr.
Stuart, was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 293) to construct a custom-house
and post office at Perth Amboy, New Jersey—
to the Committee on Commerce.
A bill (No. 12) for the relief of Moses Noble—
to the Committee on Commerce.
A
Mingo, iJlnhp
die, administratrix of Charles Brodie—to the
Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 25) for the relief of Matthew G.
Emery—to the Committee on Claims.
bill (No. 29) for the relief of Collier H.
ge, Philip S. Ellicotf, and Lneretia A. Bro-
CHARLES WATERMAN.
Thebill (H. R. No. 555) to confirm to Charles
Waterman his title to certain lots in Milwaukee,
Wisconsin, was read twice by its tide.
Mr. STUART. That bill simply proposes to
release the Government interest in certain lots to
which the committees of both Houses have de-
cided it has no title. This is simply to quiet the
titles, and I hope it will be passed at once.
Mr. HUNTER. I object to the consideration
of everything but the appropriation bills.
Mr. STUART. Then I hope the bill will not
be referred; let it lie over.
THOMAS RHODES AND JEREMIAH AUSTILL.
The bill (C. C. No. 14) for the relief of Thomas
Rhodes and Jeremiah Austill was read twice by
its title.
Mr. FITZPATR1CK. A similar bill to that
one has already passed the Senate. I hope it will
not be referred.
The bill was laid aside.
MARK AND RICHARD H. BEAN.
The bill (H. R. No. 454) for the relief of Mark j
and Richard H. Bean, of Arkansas, was read
twice by its title. !
Mr. JOHNSON. That bill has been passed ;
by the Senate three times. I hope it will not be
referred; let it lie over. ;
The bill was laid aside informally. j
BILLS BECOME LAWS. i
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Webster, his Secretary, an- ;
nounced that the President had approved and
signed the following acts and resolutions:
An act for the relief of James D. Johnston; '
An act for the relief of Captain Alexander
Montgomery, an assistant quartermaster of the
United States Army; 1
A resolution for the return to the land office at 1
Vincennes, Indiana, of certain deeds transmitted
to the General Land Office by the board of com-
missioners appointed under the act " to ascertain
and adjust the titles to certain lands in the State
of Indiana," approved July 27, 1854; and
A resolution allowing Commander Henry J.
Hartstene, ofthe United States Navy, Lieutenant
S. D. Trenchard, Master Morrison, arid the petty-
officers and crew of the steamer Vixen, to accept
certain tokens of acknowledgment from the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The message also announced that the House
insisted on its"disagreement to the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 635) to supply-
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1857;
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and had
appointed, as conferees on the part of the House,
Messrs. Pringle, Cadwalader, and Harris of
Maryland.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (II. R. No. 616) making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending 'the
30th of June, 1858.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message also announced that the House
agreed to the report of the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two -Houses
on the amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 606) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1858; further insisted on its disagreement to the
twelfth amendment of the Senate; agreed to the
further conference asked for by the Senate, and
appointed Messrs. Kfxitel, Kotce, and Mor-
rill, conferees on the part of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Senator from
Connecticut, [iv'1r. Toucey,] who is unwell, be
excused from serving on the committee of con-
ference on the deficiency bill, and that the Sen-
ator from Texas [Mr. Rusk] be appointed in his
^ Mr. RUSK. The honorable Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Collamer] and myself are already
! on that committee. As we are members of the
i Committee on the Post Office and Post R.oads,
1 and wish to attend to the mail steamer bill that is
| aboutto be considered, I hope weshall be cxcused
I and a new committee appointed.
| Mr. HUNTER. The Senator can attend the
! committee of conference after the mail steamer
: bill is finished.
: Mr. RUSK. The committee of conference on
, the part of the House of Representatives are now
j waiting; and as the Senator from Vermont and
j myself wish to be present during the considera-
tion of the mail steamer bill, I hope we shall all
1 be excused, and another committee appointed in
j our stead.
I By general consent Messrs. Rusk, Collamer,
j and Toucey were excused from serving on the
I committee; and Mess:s. Fitzpatrick, Evaks,
| and Wade were appointed.
I MAIL STEAMER APPROPRIATION BILL. .
! Mr. HUNTER. I am directed by the Cora-
' mittee on Finance to report back the bill (H. R.
: No. 637) making appropriations for the transpor-
! tation of the United States mail, by ocean steara-
' ers and otherwise, during the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 1858, without amendment. I
| move that the Senate now proceed to the consid-
eration of thn bill.  
| Mr. STUART. I hope the Senator will allow
' the House private bills on the table to be passed.
! They will not take five minutes.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope they will not be taken
up. They should not have priority over the other
Drivate bills on the Calendar.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 beg leave to make a sug-
' gestion to the Senator from Michigan. There
are some thiity or forty private bills from the
House of Representatives that have been here
! for two or three weeks, and have been reported
upon by our committees I propose that they
be taken up in their order. Nine tenths of them
! will admit of no debate or discussion. If that
course be pursued, we shall avoid any trouble
about the precedence of one bill over another,
j Mr. HUNTER. Let me suggest to gentlemen
