THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN G. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirtt-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1857.
New Series. .. .No. 70.
we must go on with this system; for individual
enterprise cannot by possibility compete with
her.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, the Senator
from Vermont has, with his usual adroitness and
ingenuity, eluded the point of difficulty which
was presented by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
The question is not whether we shall go on carry-
ing the mail by a line between the United States
and Bremen. The question is, whether by legis-
lative enactment we shall tell the Postmaster Gen-
eral to contract with a particular individual, and
none other, and for a particular sum. The sum is
fixed not to exceed the former contract price. We
know what that means. We have sufficient ex-
perience in this line of legislation to enable us to
understand what that means; so that, in point of
fact, the proposition now before the Senate is, as
the Senator from Virginia has well said, to in-
augurate afresh the system of making contracts
by Congress with individuals. I thought we had
had enough of that.
Now, sir, let us see to what the arguments
offered in behalf of the proposition of the Post
Office Committee lead us. I take the statements
of the honorable Senator from Vermont. He tells
us that Great Britain has ninety-one lines of mail
steamers'; and by means of these lines of mail
steamers she subsidizes and almost monopolizes
ocean commerce.
Mr. COLLAMER. The valuable part.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The valuable commerce.
Conceding that, what does the Senator prove by
that proposition ? He proves one of two things:
either that this Government cannot, by any pos-
sibility, follow in that line of competition, for
nobody can pretend that we are going to estab-
lish ninety or one hundred lines of mail steamers;
or if we attempt a competition by the Govern-
ment, we shall most certainly be beaten out of
the field entirely. The Senator proves by this
statement of facts, then, this and this alone: that
we ought not to enter into this governmental com-
petition with European nations, but that we ought
to leave the carrying of the mail to private enter-
prise, as we did before the ocean was navigated
by steamers, when our packet ships drove every
other nation on earth off the face of the seas, so
far as swiftness and certainty of communication
were concerned. " *
Mr. COLLAMER. Permit me to make a single
suggestion to the gentleman. Inasmuch as the
British steamers—the Cunarders, for instance—
are sustained by Groat Britain atacertain amount
per trip, without regard to the mail which they
carry, if we say to our steamers that they may
have the mail and carry it for the postage they
can get, that does not enable them to compete
with the Cunard steamers at all.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then T arrive at this con-
clusion, that the United Slates mast leave that
carrying business to Great Britain.
Mr. SEWARD. Why?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Why! Because by the
Constitution of the United States we have no
power to take the money of the people, of the
agriculturists and manufacturers of the United
States, and devote it to the support of lines of
steamers for the purpose of putting our commerce
in a position to compcte with the commerce of
European nations. We already protect the nav-
igating interest of this country by a monopoly
of the coasting trade. We already protect that
interest to an amount far beyond what is accorded
to any ether branch of industry. We do it be-
cause to a great extent that interest is a source
of strength in time of war; and it is, in a great
measure, fowthe defense of the country that we
consent to afford it that extraordinary protection.
But now, if the proposition is that this Govern-
ment is to go into competition with Great Britain
in sustaining lines of mail steamers, let us have
a chance to count the cost. Great Britain has
ninety-one lines of mail steamers. Nobody, I
suppose, will pretend to defend any system of
policy by which we are to go into competition
with Great Britain to be beaten by her. If we
70
go into this competition, we must go in to beat
her; and if we go in for beating her, we must
count the cost. Have the gentlemen of the Post
Office Committee made any calculation of the
amount which Great Britain pays for keeping
up ninety-one lines of ocean steamers? What
will they average—two millions a year a-piece,
or a million each, or a hundred thousand dollars
each? We know that the Cunarders receive a
very large sum; but if this amount only averages
a quarter of a million for each line of ocean
steamers, we shall have to appropriate, for any
degree of equality in this race with Great Britain,
eighteen or twenty millions of public money per
annum to keep up this competition which gentle-
men pretend it is necessary for us to keep up.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have not suggested that
we are going to make ninety lines.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I know the Senator does
not contend for that; he is too sagacious for that.
If we are not to carry out the competition, why
is the competition spoken of at all ? Why begin
it?
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman is aware
the British empire surrounds the world; and their
lines of steamers connect, in various directions,
not only the mother country with their territorial
possessions and provinces, but also up the Baltic,
up the Mediterranean, down the coast of Africa,i
into India, as well as to this continent. She has
lines commanding the commerce of this continent,
down both sides of South America, and up to
Puget Sound. She has a line from Halifax to
St. Thomas, running into Aspinwall and Hon-
duras. Her lines checker the world in every di-
rection. I do not suppose that we are to do all
this, and to command commerce in the same man-
ner; but I think we ought to do something to se-
cure to our own commerce the trade with Europe.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not know why these
facts are related if they are not to lead to some
conclusion. The Senator commenced by telling
us that the policy of Great Britain was to main-
tain, by Government subsidies, these lines of mail
steamers; and he informed us that she had ninety-
one lines. I supposed, as the gentleman told us,
private individuals could not enter into competi-
tion with the lines subsidized by Government.
The argument pointed to this: that it was our
duty, under the circumstances, to subsidize our
lines of steamers, so as to enter into competition
with the British lines.
Mr. COLLAMER. Otherwise they could not
run.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then that is the inference
the gentleman intends to draw from his facts.
Where is this to stop ? If it is our business to
subsidize our lines of steamers in order to enable
us to maintain competition with Great Britain,
the entire policy of this Government is at the
beck and nod of Great Britain. When we first
established the Collins line of steamers, we were
told that it required a certain amount of actual
subsidy to enable them to withstand the com-
petition, because the Cunarders received a certain
amount per annum. This Government granted
that subsidy. What next ? A very few years
later we were told that Great Britain was giving
a great deal more than was supposed at first,
and that we were to have a better line of ships
than the Cunarders, crossing the ocean with
greater rapidity, and therefore the compensation
was to be doubled. Now that Great Britain comes
and bids ahead of us, are we going to make a
fresh bid beyorfd Great Britain? Is the entire
policy of this Government, in regard to the trans-
portation of the mail, to be at the mercy of Great
Britain ? Are we bound to keep up her policy ?
Have we anything to do in this riyalry with a
foreign Government as to establishing lines of
mail steamers? What have we to do with it?
The merchants of this country have their steam-
ers. Those steamers are engaged in commerce
with foreign countries. If we desire to send our
mails abroad, let us do as the Senator from Vir-
ginia has said—let us give to the different lines of
steamships our mails, and let them receive for the
transportation of the mails whatever the Govern-
ment receives from those who ffct their letters In
the mails, or, if you choose to go a step further,
advertise for persons who are willing to contract
at the cheapest rate for taking your mails across
the Atlantic at a reasonable speed.
Mr. COLLAMER. I said nothing about that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not say that the Sen-
ator from Vermont said that now, but that is an
argument frequently used. We are told that we
are paying extra heavy sums for the purpose of
obtaining that extra speed, which requires so
great an increase of cost that it is not to be sup-
posed private individuals would consent to un-
dergo the expense of building and running vessels
of so great a rate of speed without Government
aid. If any persons want their letters or them-
selves carried across the Atlantic at an extra rate
of speed beyond that which the usual intercourse
of maritime nations will justify, let those persons
pay an extra price for the carriage of their letters
and the transportation of themselves. Why is
the Treasury of the United States to'be burdened
with this extra sum? Why are the remaining
people of the United States to pay in order to
enable the merchants of the United States to carry
letters speedily across the Atlantic? If other
nations are willing to carry them speedily for our
merchants, let them do it. If it is a profitable
operation for them, our merchants will very soon
find it out, and act in competition with them. If,
on the contrary, it is an unprofitable operation,
upon what theory of the Constitution are we
called upon to provide, out of the public Treas-
ury of the country, sums of money to uphold en-
terprises that in their own nature must fail unless
Government subsidies be granted to them?
I can understand no theory, Mr. President, by
which this system ought to be carried on. It is
partial in its operation. It acts in favor of certain
interests of the country to the detriment of other
interests. Tt is not only partial as regards the
great interests of the country; it not only taxes
two branches of industry for the benefit of one,
but it is sectional in its operation; it takes money
out of the public Treasury to build up great cities
at one end of the nation, and leaves others to con-
tend as best they may in rivalry for commercial
supremacy with competitors who receive large
subsidies out of the Treasury of the Federal Gov-
ernment. This is not fair; it is not just. If the
idea is, that this system of mail lines'is to be kept
up, and the merchants of the city of New York
are to receive money from the Federal Treasury
by millions for lines of mail steamships leaving
the port of New York, I, for one, shall be ready
and have prepared amendments by which I shall
claim for my city, for the city I represent, dollar
for dollar with the appropriations granted for the
city of New York. The city of New Orleans has
a large and extensive commerce with the whole
south of Europe. Its commerce is not confined
to Great Britain alone; it is not a commerce of
cotton alone; but the city of New Orleans does
an immense business with the whole south of
Europe; her Mediterranean commerce is very im-
portant; her commerce with France, both on the
Atlanticand on the Mediterranean, is exceedingly
important. I shall insist, if subsidies are granted
to lines of mail steamers from the port of New
York to Cowes and Bremen and Havre, that like
subsidies shall be granted to lines of mail steam-
ers to run from New Orleans by Gibraltar to
Bordeaux.
Mr. IVERSON. I rise for the purpose of
Roving an amendment to that offered by the Sen-
ator from Texas; but before I do so, I desire to
congratulate the Senate on the change of opinion
of the Senator from Louisiana upon a very im-
portant political question—upon a constitutional
principle. The Senator has argued this evening
that the Constitution confers upon Congress no
power to appropriate money to keep up these
steam lines to facilitate commerce. We remem-
ber, at the last session, how very earnestly, and
how very eloquently, that Senator argued in favor
of the power of Congress to improve rivers and
