1106
, „ A.*'., ■
THE CONGRESSIONAL GI,0 E.
March S,
dig canals to facilitate commerce. I congratulate
him, as well as tliffi country, on this improvement
in his constitutional principles. I am happy to
find that he ia repudiating the old and favorite
Whig doctrine on this subject, and is adopting
the purer, and better, and more healthy one of tile
Democratic party. Sir, if the Senator will only
stick to that, I, for one, will be very happy to
receive him into fellowship in the Democratic
church.
* But, sir, I rose particularly to move an amend-
ment to this proposition, by changing it from ten
years to one year. That will conform to the prop-
osition submitted by the Postmaster General to
Congress, to make this appropriation for the
purpose of enabling him to continue this contract
for one year. We must presume that he had good
and sufficient reasons for asking Congress to make
this appropriation. I am willing to vote it accord-
ing to the requisition of the Postmaster General,
if the Senatorfrom Texas will modify the amend-
ment so as to confine the contract to one year.
Mr. RUSK. The Senator from Louisiana has
argued the whole question, but he has not touched
the particular line that is the subject-matter of this
amendment. He has vented a good deal of his
eloquence on Collins. I think Collins is a dead
lion. His contract is drawing to a close, and I
understand that lie isabouttobe bankrupted under
it. He has certainly made some very fine ships
which are creditable to American enterprise, and
he has succeeded in outrunning the fastest British
ships. I think it is unnecessary, when every
question of this kind com^s up, to make the Col- !
hns line the prominent point of attack. It is not j
before the Senate, and, therefore, at this late stage I
of the session, I shall say nothing on that, subject. |
If, however, it continues to be a text for eloquent
speeches, I shall, when there is time to do so, fake ,
occasion to defend my course in supporting that j
line, and to show that the error was in not su.s- i
taming it. |
This amendment is for the continuance of a ;
contract which has been in existence for ten \
years. The PostmastrrGeneral asks that it may |
uc continued for one year longer. We have no J
steamship connection with the German States ;
except through this line; and T presume this |
reason operated on the Postmaster General in |
asking for authority to continue the contract for :
twelve months. We have no steamship commu- |
nication with France but through this line. When j
our correspondence to France and Germany j
passes through the British mail, it pays to the j
Briush Government an overland postage fully j
equal, I think, to the entire sea postage. The I
qiustion now is, whether or not we shall with- j
draw this connection. It has had many benefi- 1
cial influences. To stop it will certainly cause
nearly a doubling of the postage paid by our cit-
izens on their correspondence with the German
States and with France. Just as certainly as it
will increase the postage of our citizens, it will
enable Great Britain to carry the most valuable
articles of commerce between us and France and
Germany, because those articles are carried by
steamships 011 account of their celerity of move-
ment.
Under these circumstances the Postmaster Gen-
eral thinks the line had better be continued for a
year. I am indifferent as to the time. I have
stated the facts. I am willing to abide the deci-
sion of the Senate. This does not at all conflict
with the amendment alluded to by the Senator
from Virginia, which I offered to another bill. I t
saw that the system of setting up these lines had j
been abandoned by Congress. Gentlemen said, ,
over and over again, that private enterprise was j
sufficient for this purpose, and therefore I offered j
that amendment. I do not wish to throw our j
whole correspondence into British bottoms, and !
therefore I offer this amendment. If any com- !
pany in the United States see proper to set up a!
line of steamships, I propose to give them tlHf!
postages on the mails they take, and that will cost !
the Government nothing. t !
Mr. SEWARD. I think it must be admitted, :
on all hands, that this Bremen Company have >
performed their contract with the Government of |
the United States with great diligence, great per- j
severance, great success, and great advantage to '
the country. Their enterprise has been conducted !
without any loss of property or of life and with j
entire safety. The postages they have brought I
into the public Treasury have been continually
increasing. The trade with the continent of
Europe has been very largely augmented by this
means. They have, at the same time, saved to
the United States, during a time of reaction, a
large portion of that immigration which is so
necessary to a country situated as ours is, for
its advancement and improvement. Before we
abandon this company, and go out in search of
others, it may be well to look and see whether
any other company or any other individuals can
present us the inducements which this contract
affords, if it be renewed.
It takes time for a company or for an individual
to perfect his arrangements for so great a busi-
ness—time for the building of ships—time for
maturing the system. Just so soon as we have
enabled this company in the most successful man-
ner to carry out the objects for which it was in-
vited into a contract with the Government, then
we throw it aside and invite others to compete
with it, or others in place of it, who must learn
by expeiience all these parties have learned, and
gather by practice and by great effort the ability
which they have acquired. However wise the
abandonment of other companies might be, I en-
tertain no doubt that it is judicious to continue
this company under existing circumstances.
A word now as to the question of power. I
suppose that the Constitution of the United States
was made for the very purpose of furnishing to
the Federal Congress the power to regulate com-
merce, not only between the several States, but
with foreign nations. If, in the progress of so-
ciety, the maintenance of steamships by the pat-
ronage of the Government is a wise and expedient
regulation of our foreign commerce, the Govern-
ment of the United States has that power.
As to the expediency of the Government of the 1
United States maintaining a navigation in refer- '
ence to the interests of peace as well as war, I
apprehend there can be no doubt. The power of
Great Britain, and her success and prosperity and i
glory, date from the time when the British Islands
obtained the conduct of their own grain from for-
eign countries in vessels of their own construc-
tion, manned by their own men; and the power
and grenfness and prosperity of Great Britain
have been just in proportion as she has excluded
from her commerce the navigation of all other ]
States, and monopolized it to herself. We were !
provmcially in the colonial state dependent on her, |
and were without any foreign commerce until we j
establishedanavi^atmginterest of ourown on the 1
same pi maples with that of Gieat Britain, as soon j
as we became independent. t
Mr. President, I have thought it necessary to ,
say thus much, and I trust I shall be excused for I
having said it; in the first place, because I wish j
to leave on record now that 1 do, with the utmost j
confidence, exprasa my opinion that the Govern- j
ment of the United States will, at no very distant !
day, retrace its steps by which it has begun to ;
abandon the care of ocean navigation; and be- I
cause, in the second place, this line is one con- !
nectcd with the great city of which I am a repre-
sentative. I have onlv to add, that it seems to
me to be a distorted vieion which can see in this
any thing sectional. Sir, there i.s nothing sectional
in the city of New York. It is a national city,
and it is a national city because the nation can
have but one great national emporium of com-
merce. It is accidental that it is located there
instead of being located elsewhere; but men have
not succeeded anywhere in building two centers
| of one commercial system, any more than nature
I locates two centos for one human system.
| Mr. CRITTENDEN. This is a very important
| question, and I do not intend to consume time
| about it. The intercourse of the world nowren-
| dcrs communication with foreign countries almost
i as necessary as communication between the dif-
: forent parts of our own country. To carry on
1 this intercourse by mails, we are obliged to employ
; contractors, and to give them stipulated sums for
j their labor. Would any gentleman propose, in
! relation to the home branch of the mad service,
! that we should not make contracts, and give the
; contractors a monopoly of carrying the mails ?
Do we leave it open to what gentlemen call free
' competition to deliver the mails one day to A, if
he pleases to take them, and another day to B,
and so on? Do we rely on this random manner
of delivering the mails ? Could we carry on this
Department of the Government upon the theory
or notion of encouraging free competition? You
must carry the mails across the ocean. You must
do it systematically. You must do it regularly,
at stated and regular times.. Will you trust to
the chance of finding a vessel in port to take your
mail and carry it with the regularity necessary to
any systematized operation of the Department?
Must you not make a contract with somebody
who will be certain to be at the proper place at
the proper tune to carry the mail ? Must you not
pay him for it—not merely the ordinary freight;
but must you not pay him something in order to
insure that punctuality to which you bind him at
all times? That maybe said to interfere with
fair competition; but it is a necessity that is im-
posed upon us—nothing more, and nothing less.
You cannot, on any broad and vagrant sort of
theory of leaving everything open to what is called
fair competition, conduct this business to any
useful or practical result. You must therefore
employ ships. At what price? That is the ques-
tion. Will you give them the postages? The
postages from New Orleans and from New York
would be very different; and a vessel running from
New York and one running from New Orleans
would not have an equal chance, because the
amount of compensation being the postages would
be unequal. You arc obliged to employ ships to
carry your mail; and if there is another great ob-
ject connected with it—if, while they are transport-
ing your mail, you can incidentally enable them
to bieak in on that monopoly which the great
commercial Power of the world is endeavoring to
establish and maintain by means of her ascend-
ency in naval power, is it not well enough to do
so ?
Gentlemen speak of free competition. Com-
petition, where ? Upon the ocean ? All the world
run there. Can you have free competition with
England, she giving a stipulated compensation to
her ships, and you none to yours ? Certainly not.
There is no fair competition between England
and the United States so long as the one gives a
premium for diligence and expedition and speed,
and the other does hot. She breaks down the
competition, and you attempt to countervail her,
that is all. It is not copying her policy; it is in-
tended to countervail and counteract her policy.
1 think we ought, as far as we can, avoid the
necessity of giving, as against our countrymen, a
monopoly of trade to these steam-vessels. We
do not send them all over the Vorld. It is suffi-
cient for our purpose to maintain our equality
with Great Britain m the great commerce between
this country and England. If we maintain that,
it breaks in on that vast and universal monopoly
which she is attempting to obtain by her system
of mail steamers. 1 am not willing that she shall
ride triumphantly on the ocean, even if it does
cost us something to attain equality. If she is
willing to suspend this premium or reward, or
whatever you choose to call it, for her ships for
the transportation of the mail, I should rejoice.
What inducement can she have to spend her
money for this object, unless we permit her, by
that expenditure, to obtain the ascendency? She
cannot obtain it if we will only give the same en-
couragement to our ships that she gives to hers.
It must show her the futility of her system, and
drive her from it, and then leave the ocean free to
a fair competition. This is the only view of the
subject which, it seems to me, can promise us
that equality and that fair competition on the
ocean which we seek.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, we have be-
come involved in a debate, at this time of night
and at this period of the session of Congress, on
a very extensive subject—nothing less than the
rivalry of this nation with Great Britain. We
have certainly listened to n great deal about it.
We know that for every word that is riowuttered
some tear will hereafter be shed in sorrow 011
account of the neglect of business that ought to
be transacted. I say nothing about my own, but
I know that the stomachs of some of my friends
are turning. [Laughter.] It is actually horrible.
There, sir, is your table loaded with business,
and, loaded with the fortunes of many people to
whom relief ought to be granted. Now a ques-
tion in regard to mail steamers is to consume the
whole night. It seems to me to be most grossly
unjust. Since December,twelve months ago, we
have been debating such subjects as this; and I
