1108
TIIIL CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. WADE. I hope justice will be done to
all. It seems to me we could run through the
Calendar, and pass those bills to which there is
no objection, in a very shoit time, and then v/e
can commence again,and consicLrthc other bills,
and go through with them. I know there are
quite a number of House bills that will cause no
debate,and which everybody desires should pass.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This question
is not debatable. If the Senate choose to modify
the order, or come to a general understanding
about it, it can be done.
Several Senators. Proceed with the next bill.
Mr. GREEN. There was no such motion
made to the Senate. The order was to take up
the Private Calendar, and dispose of it in order.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I suggested that such bills
only as would not give rise to debate should be
considered.
Mr. SLIDELL. And I assented to that sug-
gestion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No question
of order is debatable. The order of business is
fixed, unless the Senate see fit to change it.
_ Mr. NOURSE. 1 trust I shall be allowed a
single moment. If we reconsider the vote by
which the order was adopted, we can then pass
another order to proceed only with the consider-
ation of those bills which do not give rise to
debate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to a question of order.
No debate is in order.
The Secretary again proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object to that bill, because
it is contrary to the order we have adopted. I ask
whether it can be considered now under these cir-
cumstances ?
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Senator
from Arkansas rises to a question of order. The
Chair will again state that a point of order is jaot
debatable.
Mr. GAVIN. I wish to ask if it would be in
order to move to proceed to the consideration of
executive business?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It would be in
order.
Mr. GAVIN. I make that motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must overrule the question of order upon this
ground: the occupant of the chair, at the time the
order was made, decided that the order was to
commcnco with the House bills on the Calendar
in ortjpr, and go through with them.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I appeal from the de-
cision of tiie Chair; and I ask the Senator from
Louisiana, who made the motion, to state what
the motion was that was adopted by this body?
Mr. GREEN. I will ask every man who voted
for it whether the construction of the Chan' is not
right ? and each Senator knows what he voted for
as wed as the Senator who made the motion.
Mr. F1TCII. To avoid this difficulty, 1 move to
reconsider the vote by which that order was made.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEIDELL. I now lenew the motion as 1
thought i made it before, that the Senate now pro-
ceed to the consideration of bills from the House
of Representatives m their order, commencingat
the point at which we left off the other day—I do
not recollect where it was—the Secretary knows
it—and that do not give rise to debate.
The motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY "BILL.
Mr- FITZPATRICK. I am directed by the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 635) to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1857,
to report that they have met, and after full and
free conference have been unable to agree. I aslf
that the committee on the part of the Senate be
discharged from the further consideration of the
subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Senate do
further insist, and ask for another conference.
Mr. GAVIN". 1 ask the Senator from Virginia
whether the motion to adhere would not be the
proper one to make now ?
Mr. HUNTER, I think we had better aGt
graciously.
The motion was agreed to; and the committee
was ordered to be appointed by the President pro
tempore, Messrs. Benjamin, Reid, and Foster
were appointed.
JOSEPH RICHARDS.
The next House private bill on the Calendar
was the bill (H. R. No. 225) for the relief of Jo-
seph Richards, of Berks county, Pennsylvania. J
Mr. SLIDELL. The Secretary lias again mud e
a mistake. That bill was passed over on my ob- ;
jection before. It is a bill involving a very large '
class of cases, and completely overturning the j
system of bounties. I
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The consider- I
ation of the bill being objected to, underthe order I
it will be passed over. !
ROBERT DAVIS. j
The next House private bill on the Calendar 1
was the bill (No. 751) for the relief of Robert i
Davis; which was considered by the Senate as in j
Committee of the Whole. It directs the proper
disbursing officers of the Government to pay to '
Robert Davis, of AVarren county, Kentucky, the j
sum of $140, being the value of a horse lost by !
him in battle. j
The bill was reported to the Senate without j
amendment, and ordered to a third reading. j
Mr. COLLAMER. A man in the service who ;
owns a horse owns it at liis own risk; and I de- '
sire to ask whether it is understood that we are
to pay for all the horses killed in the service ? j
The, PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Senator ,
obiects to the bill, it will lie over.
'Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope my friend will .
withdraw that objection. It is a small matter, i
and has been investigated by two committees. \
Mr. COLLAMER. I object to it. 1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will |
be passed over. 1
Mr. COLLAMER subsequently said: I ob-j
jeeted to a bill some time ago to pay a man for 1
the loss of a horse. I wish to withdraw that ob- j
jection, and hope the bill will be passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be done :
by unanimous consent. The Chair hears no ,
objection. i
'Pile bill was read the third time, and passed. '
JOSEPH IRISH AND OTHERS. j
The next House private bill on the Calendar !
was the hill (No 656) for the, relief of Joseph '
Irish, William Siurgis, and Bartholomew Bald- ;
win; which was considered by the Senate as m '
Committee of the AVhole. It authorizes Joseph
Irish, William Sturgis, and Bartholomew Raid- ,
win, to enter certain public school lands in theTer- t
ritory of Minnesota, and authorizes the super.n- '
tendent of public schools m Minnesota to enter !
an equal amount of other lands i>i lieu of the lands
granted by this bill to the above-mentioned per- ;
sons. i
The bill was reported to the Senate without i
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the ,
third time, and passed. '
LOUISIANA LAND TITLES. i
The next House private bill on the Calendar '
was the bill (No. 538) for the relief of the inhab- '
itants of the parish of Ascension, State of Louis- '
lana; which was considered by the Senate as in :
Committee of the AVhole. It proposes to confirm -
them m their title to the parcel of land situate on |
the west side of the Mississippi river, in the parish j
of Ascension, containing four arpents one toise '
and five feet in front, and forty arpents in depth,
as claimed by Isidore Blanchard, for the parish ;
church*of thatpansh, under No. 301, and reported
favorably on by the old board of commissioners 1
for the eastern district of Orleans Territory. ;
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed. ;
ELIJAH KING. ;
The next House private bill on the Calendar ,
was the bill (No. 785) relinquishing the claim of;
the United States to certain property of which
Elijah King died seized and possessed, in the
District of Columbia, upon certain specified con-
ditions. :
Mr. PUQH. That bill will give rise to debate.
Let it lie over. !
The bill was passed over informally :
ISAAC SWAIN.
The next House private bill on the Calendar was
the bill (No. 23) for the relief of Isaac Swain; which
was considered as in Committee of the AVhole.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
Isaac Swain $4,800, in full for freight on stores
for the Army of the United States, from Benicia,
in California, to the Government hulk, or post-
landing, near that place, and for injuries received
by his ship, Ellen Brooks, whilst lying at the
post-landing.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
JOSEPH M. KENNEDY.
The next House private bill on the Calendar
was the bill (No. 652) for the relief of Joseph M.
Kennedy; which was considered by the Senate
as in Committee of the AVhole. It provides that
the sum of $362 60 be paid to Joseph M. Kennedy,
United States marshal for the eastern district of
Louisiana, for the repairs of furniture and furni-
ture supplied for the court-room and offices of
the United States court for the eastern district of
Louisiana, rendered necessary in consequence of
the removal of the court from the Municipal
Hall of the first district of New Orleans; but the
vouchers arc first to be submitted to the Secretary
of the Interior, and the expenditure be approved
by him.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
WILLIAM EASBY.
The next House private bill on the Calendar
was the bill (No. G55) for the relief of the heirs
of William Easby, deceased, partner of Easby
and Henly; which was considered by the Senate
as in Committee of the AVhole. It directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the heirs of
William Easby, deceased, formerly of the city
of AVashmgton, $413 10, being the value of three
hundred and six barrels of lime shipped on board
the schooner Elizabeth on the 4th of March,
1342, by order of Colonel It. E. De Russey, for
and on account of Fort Monroe, Virginia, and
lost by the vessel getting aground at Old Point
Comfort.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
JOHN GILBERT.
The next House private bill on the Calendar
was the bill (No. 471") fur tire relief of the sur-
viving children of John Gilbert, a revolutionary
soldier; which was considered by the Senate as
in Committee of the AVhole. It directs the proper
accounting officer of the Treasury to pay to the
surviving children of John Gilbert, late a soldier
in Colonel AV. B. AVhiting's regiment, the full
pay of a private, underthe act of Congress of the
7th of June, 1832, to the time of his death, on
the 12th of April, 1852.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
SARAH VAN PELT.
The next House private bill on the Calendar
was the bill (No. 577) for the relief of the sur-
viving children of Sarah Van Pelt, widow of John
Van Pelt, a revolutionary soldier; which was con-
sidered by the Senate as in Committee of the
AVhole. It directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to the surviving children of John Van:
Pelt and Sarah Van Pelt the pension due to her,
from the 4th of July, 1838, to her death, which
occurred on the 29th of May, 1854, at the rate of
£31 75 per annum.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
JAMES PHELPS.
The next House private bill on the Calendar
was the bill (No. 531') for the relief of the children
of James Phelps, a revolutionary soldier; which
was considered by the Senate as in Committee of
the AVhole. It directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to cause to be paid to the children or legal
representatives of James Phelps, late of the county
of Cortland, New York, the pay of a private, at
