1110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
SAMPSON HAYS.
The next House private bill on the Calendar
was the bill (No. 840) for the relief of Sampson
Hays, a soldier m the war with Mexico; which
was considered by the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole. It directs the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of Sampson Hays on the
roll of invalid pensioners, at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month, from the 3d of December, 1855,
during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
HENRY STEWART.
The next House private bill on the Calendar
was the bill (No. 487) for the relief of Henry
Stewart; which was considered by the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole. It directs the name
of Henry Stewart to be placed on the roll of in-
valid pensioners, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, commencing the 1st of December, 1855,
and to continue during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
THOMAS RHODES AND JEREMIAH AUSTILL.
The next House private bill on the Calendar
was the bill (No. 514) for the relief of Thomas
Rhodes and Jeremiah Austin; which was con-
sidered by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole. It directs the Secretary of the Treasuiy
to pay to them $4,000 for expenses in construct-
ing a road from Mobile, Alabama, to Pascagoula
bay, for the transportation of the mail in 1828.
Air. YULEE. The Senate has passed a bill
for the relief of these persons and sent it to the
House. The House, not being aware of it, have
passed a precisely similar bill and sent it here. I
hope it will be passed at once.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
COLLIER II. MINGE AND OTHERS.
The next House private bill on the Calender
was the bill (No. 29) for the relief of Collier II.
Minge, Philip T. Elhcott, and Lucretia A. Bro-
die, administratrix of Charles Brodic; which was
considered by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole. It dhects the Sccrutai y of the Treasuiy
to pay to Collier II. Minge, Phillip T. Elhcott,
and Lucretia A. Brodic, administratrix of Charles
Brodic, 'he sum of #6,919 38, to be divided equally
among them: and to Collier Ii. Mingo, and Philip
T. Elhcott, the sum of $13,913 62, to be equally
divided among them; being in full for the amount
due on a contract dated December 5, 1838, for
excavating the channel on Dog River bar, in the
bay of Mobile.
"The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
MOSES NOBLE.
The next House private bill on the Calendar
was the bill (No. 12) for the relief of Moses
Noble; which was considered by the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole. It directs the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay to Moses Noble,
agent of the brig Good Ilope, and schooners
Delta, Jasper, Sardine, Five Sisters, Common-
wealth, and Two Brothers, for the benefit of the
persons entitled, the sum of $1,704 G8, being for
fishing-bounties to which they wereentitled during
the fishing season in 1852.
Mr. CLAY. I object to the passage of that
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection being
made, the bill will be passed over.
MARK AND RICHARD H. BEAN.
The next House private bill on the Calendar
was the bill (No. 454) for the relief of Mark and
Richard H. Bean, of the State of Arkansas; which
was considered bythe Senate as in Committee of
the Whole. It authorizes the Secretary of the
Interior to adjust, upon principles of equity and
justice, the claim of Mark and Richard II. Bean,
and to pay them whatever may be found due,
deducting what they may have heretofore re-
ceived; but the compensation is not to exceed
$15,000.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
MATTHEW G. EMERY.
The next House private bill on the Calendar
was the bill (No. 25) for the relief of Matthew
G. Emery; which was considered by the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole. It directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Matthew G.
Emery $3,375, in full of his account for hauling
marble for the Government, from the 7th of Sep-
tember, 1852, to the 11th of April, 1853.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
CHARLES WATERMAN.
The next House private bill on the Calendar
was the bill (No. 555) to confirm to Charles
Waterman his title to certain lots in Milwaukee,
Wisconsin; which was considered by the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole. It confirms his
title to two lots in the city of Milwaukee, Wis-
consin, formerly occupied bythe United States
light-house keeper, and a patent is directed to be
issued to him for them This confirmation is
only to operate as a relinquishment of title on the
part of the United States, and is not in any way
to affect the rights of third parties.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
MARTIN JEWELL.
The next House private bill on the Calendar
was the bill (No. 855) for the relief of Martin
Jewell, of Kentucky; which was considered by
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place the
name of Martin Jewell on the invalid pension
roll, at. the rate of eight dollars a month, com-
mencing on the 1st of January, 185G, and con-
tinuing during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ROBERT S. WIMBERLY.
The next House private bill on the Calendar
was the bill (No. 376) for the benefit of Robert
>S. Wimbcrly; which was considered by the Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Robert Wimbcrly, of Georgia, upon the roll
i of invalid pensions, and pay to him from the 1st
of December, 1855, eight dollars per month, from
thence during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
i third time, and passed.
| BILLS INDEFINITELY POSTPONED,
i The following House bills having been reported
I adversely by committees of the Senate, were in-
1 definitely postponed:
A bill (No. 490) for the relief of Roxana Kim-
ball;
A bill (No. 646) for the relief of Thomas Jen-
kins;
A bill (No. 591) for the relief of Mary Wood-
bury, Elizabeth Odell, and others;
A bill (No. 533) directing the pension due
James Huoy, deceased, and Jane Huey, his
widow, deceased, to be paid to the sole heir,
Alexander B. Huey, of Georgia.
A bill (No. 597) for the relief of Elizabeth
Martin;
A bilk(No. 768) for the relief of John Duncan;
A bilFfNo. 470) for the relief of Letty Griggs,
widow of Simeon Griggs, a revolutionary soldier;
A bill (No. 369) for the relief of Aibro Tripp;
A bill (No. 488) for the relief of Isaac Langlcy;
A bill (No. 465) for the relief of Antoine Rob-
edeau;
A bill (No. 511) granting a pension to Martha
Elliott, widow of Samuel Elliott, a soldier in the
war of 1812;
A bill (No. 598) for the relief of the heirs of
Amos Oney, a revolutionary soldier; and
A bill (No. Sid) for the relief of Robinson
Gammon.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No.
571) for the relief of Puig, Mir, & Co.
Also, that they had passed the bill of the Sen-
ate (No. 528) to amend an act entitled " An act
to provide for the better organization of the
Treasury, and for the collection, safe-keeping,
transfer, and disbursement of the public rev-
enue, " with an amendment; in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
* CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives disagreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 615) making
appropriations for certain civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1858, asked a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses, and had appointed Messrs.
L. D. Campbell, Israel Washburn, Jr., and T.
G. Davidson as conferees on their part.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Senate insist
on their amendments and agree to the conference
asked by the House.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Hun-
ter, Douglas, and Geyer were appointed con-
ferees on the part of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills:
An act to establish certain post roads in the
United States, and the Territories thereof; and
An act for the relief of J. H. F. Thornton,
Lawrence Taliaferro, and Hay. T. Taliaferro,
sureties of D. M. F. Thornton, late a purser in
the Navy of the United States.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 293) to construct a building for a custom-
house and post office at Perth Amboy, New Jer-
sey, reported it back without amendment, and
recommended its passage.
COOK COUNTY VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. DOUGLAS, I am compelled to attend a
committee of conference in a few moments, and
I ask the Senate, therefore, to allow a small bill
for some Illinois volunteers to be considered and
passed now.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill (H. R. No. 684) to extend the provisions of
the act entitled " An act in addition to certain
acts granting bounty land to certain officers and
soldiers who have been engaged in the military
service of the United States," to the officers and
soldiers of Major Bailey's battalion of Cook
county (Illinois) volunteers.
It directs that all those officers and soldiers of
Major David Bailey's battalion of Cook county
(Illinois) volunteers, stationed at Fort Dearborn,
in the Black Hawk war of 1832, who have never
received warrants for bounty land for service in
that war, shall be entitled to receive a certificate
or warrant from the Department of the Interior
for one hundred and sixty acres of land, upon
making proof, either by record evidence or such
parol evidence as the Commissioner of Pensions
may require, of having served in the war for the
term of at least fourteen days. The provisions
of this act are to extend to the widows and minor
children of the officers and soldiers who have
died, or may die before receiving such warrant
or certificate.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ROADS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to ask the Senate to
let me have a vote on two other little bills, as I
am compelled to leave the Chamber. They are
two territorial bills, about which there is no dis-
pute. One is for the construction of roads in
Minnesota, and the other for the construction of
roads in Nebraska. I move that the bill (H. R.
No. 428) be now taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill making appropriations for the bridg-
ing of streams and opening roads in Minnesota
Territory. It appropriates the following sums for
the bridging of streams and opening roads in the
>■
Hk
H-
