1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1111
Territory of Minnesota, to wit: For bridging the
streams on tlie territorial roail between St. Paul
and Elliota, $10,000; for opening and improving
a road from Shakopee to Le Seur, $5,000; for
opening and improving a road from Kasota to
Winnebago Agency, $5,000; for opening and im-
proving a road from Faribault to Traverse des
Sioux, $5,000; all the said bridges and roads are
to be constructed under the direction of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs.
Mr. WELLER. I ask my friend from Illinois
whether some of these appropriations are not in
.the Army appropriation bill?
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir. This is a separate
bill. It came from the House of Representatives,
and was referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. WELLER. Four or five of them are
already provided for.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Not in the Army bill.
Mr. BIGGS. I understand we have passed an
act to admit Minnesota into the Union as a State.
Mr. DOUGLAS. This is the last appropri-
ation for Minnesota.
Mr JOHNSON. I hope this bill will not pass
now. I have always supported bills for that Ter-
ritory heretofore, but I cannot vote for this bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and was
read the third time.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. PUGtL I move to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I call for the yeas and nays
on that mniion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLAY. Minnesota has already got more
than any of the other Territories.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Bayard, Biggs, Brodhead, Clay, Crit-
tenden, Fitzpatnck, Houston, Johnson, Mason, Pugh, Reid,
Rusk,Slidell. and Thompson of Kentucky—14.
NAYS — Messrs. ISt'lijamin, Bright, Douglas, Durkee,
Fish, Foot, Foster, Gwm, Harlan, Jones of Iowa, Mallory,
Nourse, Seward, Stuarr. Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs,
Trumbull, Wade, Weller, Wilson, Wright, and Vulee—22.
So the Senate refused to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to protest against
the passage of this bill, and I believe I can do it
with as clear a conscience as any man ever Op-
posed any measure on this floor. I have never
cast a vote against the interests of this Territory.
I have sustained it as uniformly, constantly, and
faithfully as a man possibly could. Its admission
into the Union as a State is now provided for,
and its representatives will probably be on the
floor of the next Congress as the representatives
of a State. She has nothing to do but form her
constitution and send her members here, and they
will be sworn in. She has a population sufficient
to support her own government and make her
own improvements. "I do not believe we ought
to go on bridging her streams and cutting her
roads any longer. I do not think this appropri-
ation should now be made when other Territories
cannot obtain consideration at all. There seems
to have been no stint in the favors extended by
legislation to Minnesota. They have literally
been showered on her. Now, after we have made
provision for her admission into the Union as a
State, we are asked to continue appropriations for
the purpose of constructing her roads and bridges,
and thus inducing population to flow into Min-
nesota. This seems to me not proper. I hope the
bill will not be passed. I do not believe it is
needed. Minnesota claims that she has popula-
tion enough to support her own government; and
certainly her people can, like the people of the
rest of the Union, bear the necessary taxation for
the purpose of constructing their own roads, and
bridging their own streams. I do not think the
chairman of the Committee on Territories ought
to press this measure now. I have no doubt that,
at the time when the bill was recommended by
his committee, provision had not been made for
the admission of Minnesota as a State. I ask
the Senator whether that is so or not?
Mr. DOUGLAS. This bill was recommended
subsequent to that.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then it seems the committee
do not draw the proper distinctions, and I respect-
fully submit arc not entitled to much confidence
in this respect. They have themselves avowed
the fact that she is amply able to form a State
government, to maintain it, and to provide for its
expense. I consider that, in point of fact, there
is no distinction now between this appropriation
to her, and an appropriation to a State which has
Senators on this floor.
I am not fond of consuming time by sp'Saking.
Such has not been my habit; but I feel bound to
oppose this measure. We appropriated, even to-
day in the Army bill, large amounts for construct-
ing roads, and giving facilities to this very Terri-
tory, or rather State. It is no use to say that she
has not her Senators on this floor. There is no
power to stop them from taking their seats when
they come here under a State constitution framed
in accordance with the requisitions of the Consti-
tution of the United States. It seems to me there
ought to be some point at which to cease these
demands on the Treasury of the United States.
I shall now take my seat, and see if this bill will
be opposed by others. If not, I shall have some-
thing further to say upon it. It is not right, and
I hope it will not pass.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope we may have a vote.
Mr. CLAY. We have expended more money
upon the Territory of Minnesota than any other
Territory of the United States. We have ex-
pended enough money in the construction of
roads within that Territory to reticulate her
whole surface with roads to accommodate all her
wants. We passed to-day a bill for a railroad,
which, with its branches, I am assured will
cover nine hundred miles. We passed in the
Army bill yesterday an appropriation of more
than $50,000 for the construction of military
roads. We passed, during the last session of
Congress, a bill for another military road—in
fact, I believe two roads—to run through this
Territory. In addition to all this, in the bill pro-
posing to admit her as a State, we have super-
added all the bounties we have lavished on other
States.
Now, sir, I think under the circumstances it is
asking too much of the Senate that they should
pass this bill. Such favors are not accorded to
other Territories of the Union. Why make this
distinction in favor of Minnesota ? She has al-
ready enjoyed more than her share of the boun-
ties of this Government She has undergone a
longer pupilage, and has been longer nursed in
Fedeial arms. I can see no motive for showing
this favor to her, unless it is to advance the in-
terests of the numerous owners of lands within
that Territory, which have been entered and pur-
chased for speculation.
Mr. WELLER. I move to postpone this
business for an executive session. I fear that we
shall very soon be without a quorum.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall have to call for the
yeas and nays on that motion.
Mr. WELLER. You cannot call for them
while I am on the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.),
The motion to go into executive session is not
debatable.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I feel that it is unkind to
me 
Mr JONES, of Iowa. Will my friend allow
me to make a report ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I must object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
submitted by the Senator from California is not
debatable.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to reply to the re-
marks of the Senator from Alabama. I do not*
think it right to attack me, and then cut me off
from a chance of replying.
Mr. WELLER. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The inference fronFfhe re-
marks of the Senator from Alabama would be,
that I was giving special favors to one Territory
that I would not grant to another. Certainly
that charge was never made here before, and
would not be made now if the Senator who made
it had first looked into the facts of the case, for I
know he is a just man. I have never shown any
sectional feeling in regard to a Territory. A
southern Territory has fared as-weH at my hands
as a northern Territory. I have reported these
bills for each of the lerritories whenever they
came from the House of Representatives, or
whenever'sufficient evidence was brought before
me to show their propriety.
Nor do 1 recognize the truth of the charge that
i a special favor has been granted to Minnesota,
because We passed to-day a laffd bill for her.
What are the facts ? The Senate some time since
passed a land bill for Minnesota—the first one for
her. It went to the House of Representatives,
and that could not be permitted to pass the House
without the State of Alabama attaching to it an
amendment providing for a railroad for herself—
the third or fourth railroad for which Alabama
has had a grant. We concurred "in that amend-
ment, and the State of Alabama will receive a
railroad grant by virtue of that act. It docs not
become the Senator from Alabama now to charge
the responsibility of that on Minnesota.
I repel the charge that I have shown any par-
ticular favoritism to Minnesota over any other
Territory. On the contrary, there is a bill on the
Calendar providing for another Territory that I
desire to call up the moment this bill shall be dis-
posed of. I wish to treat all these Territories
fairly. I hope we may have a vote on this bill.
If a "majority is against it, let them vote it down.
I can see no force m the objection that Minnesota
is about to bccomc a State. When she becomes
a State these appropriations will cease; but until
she is a State, I will treat her as I do the other
Territories that come before me for action. I
deny positively that I show any favoritism to one
Territory at the expense of another.
Mr. CLAY. I did not charge the Senator him-
self with showing greater favor to Minnesota than
to other Territories. I say it has been shown.
If he has participated in showing it, he may share
that censure, if there be any m it; but I do not
impute it to his action alone. He need not have
suggested any idea of discrimination between
northern and southern Territories, for we have
no southern Territories. We have no southern
Territories in favor of which we can discriminate.
The Senatordid not answer what I allege^ which
was that Minnesota had received a larger share
of the bounties of this Government by far than
any other Territory. I repeat, we have appro-
priated enough money to reticulate her whole sur-
face with common wagon roads, and with rail-
roads. We have passed a bill proposing to admit
Minnesota into the Union on the same terms on
which other States have been admitted, in which
we have made the usual reservations and grants
of lands. Wc are advised by the report of the
committee, accompanying that bill, that Minne-
sota has now within her limits two hundred thou-
sand people. Surely, then, her population is not
so sparse, nor her moans so small, that she can-
not provide herself with these additional roads
without the aid of the bounties of the Govern-
ment.
A word now in reply to what has fallen from
the Senator in respect to Alabama. He tells u3
the Minnesota land bill could not pass until there
was attached to it an amendment providing for
a railroad within the limits of my State. That
may be true; but it is not chargeable to the State
of Alabama. That amendment was not moved
by g. Representative of thatState; and I say here
that it was not designed by the Representatives
of the State, or by her Senators on this floor.
Although I presented such a bill in this Chamber,
it was done at the instance of one of the Senators
from Georgia; and it was, as I avowed to the
Committee on Public Lands, mainly for the ben-
efit of the State of Georgia. That road runs but
a short distance within the limits of my own
State. It is intended to connect Mobile bay with
the city of Savannah. I do not regard it of any
essential benefit to my own State.. The road passes
over very poor land—land which, under the grad-
uation act, is reduced to twelve and a half cents
an acre. If the road be built, it will inure more
to the benefit of the United States than a dozen,
yea twenty, roads of the same length within the
limits of Minnesota, or any northern State; be-
cause, if the road should be made, the Govern-
ment will reap eight or tenfold the price it could
command for the lands on the route without the
passage of the bill. The road was intended espe-
cially for the benefit of the State of Georgia, to
connect the cities of Mobile and Savannah,
whereby, I believe, much of the cotton that is
now exported from the' city of Mobile will be
transported to Savannah, ana be exported thence,
in order to avoid the loss of time and the hazard
of shipment around the capes of Florida.
Again, sir, 1 must say, before I take my seat,
that what I have remarked about this road is true
