1114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
Each of the commissioners is authorized to ad-
minister the necessary oaths or affirmations to all
persons who are to give testimony; arid all the
testimony is to be committed to writing;, and to
be signed by the witnesses. As soon as the com-
missioners shall have finally closed the taking of
testimony in relation to any one or more claims,
they are to cause to be made a full and perfect
statement of the goods, wares, and merchandise
proved to their satisfaction to have been destroyed
by fire in the unbroken and original packages in
which the same were imported, designating in
such statement the number of packages, the duti-
able value of each, the rate and amount of duty
upon each, and the name of the person or per-
sons entitled to receive or have remitted to him
or them the duties paid, or secured to be paid,
upon each package, and the fact whether the duty
has been paid, or remains unpaid and secured;
and they are to ascertain and report whether any,
and what part, of the merchandise so destroyed
was- insured, and if insured, whether the insur-
ance has been paid, or is amply secured to be
paid, and if so paid or secured, they are to de-
duct from the certificate to be granted under the
provisions of this act the amount of duty paid,
or secured to be paid, on goods so insured.
The Secretary of the Treasury is to examine
the testimony taken before the commission from
time to time, to compare it with the statement and
adjudication of the commissioners, and to signify
to them his approval or disapproval of the claim,
in whole or in part, as he shall deem just. As
soon as the determination of the Secretary of the
Treasury is made known to the commissioners,
if it be favorable to the claims, in whole or in
part, they are to issue to each claimant whose
claim is approved a certificate signed by them,
stating the amount of duties which the claimant
is entitled to have refunded or remitted to him,
which certificate is to entitle the person or persons
named in it, or the legal holder thereof, to be paid
the sum named therein, upon presentation of the
certificate at the Treasury of the United States
within one year from its date; but the a£gre<rate
amount of certificates is not to exceed §300,000.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 have but a word to say in
explanation of this bill, as 1 have deemed it my
duty to ask for its consideration. The bill is to
compensate for goods in the original packages
which wore destroyed by the fire of 1S45 in New
York. Under the act of 1854, a part of these
goods have been paid for; but ail of them cannot
be unless the cases originated under an existing
law. A part of them being under the act of 1/98,
were paid for. This bill is confined to $300,000.
My opinion is, that it is a just bill, and is well
guarded.
Mr. RUSK. I could not hear the reading of
the bill, there was so much noise in the Chamber,
but 1 remember that some years ago, a similar
bill was before the Senate, which contained a
provision for paying back duties on goods which
had been insured and the insurance paid.
Mr. TOOMBS. This excludes the insurers.
Mr. RUSK. Does it apply to goods in the
warehouses?
Mr. TOOMBS. To goods outside the ware-
houses, and in original unbroken packages.
Mr. CLAY. I am opposed to the passage of
this bill. I know that at tins hour it is impos-
sible to do justice to the bill, or, indeed, to com-
mand the attention of the Senate, but it involves
a principle which, in my opinion, ought not, at
the expiring hours of a session, to be established
by the passage of such a bill. The amount is
stated to be ^300,000. Though that may seem to
sonic to be a very inconsiderable sum, I deem it
my duty to state my grounds of abjection to the
bill. I am told, however, that it is desirable to
have tiie sense of the Senate to test it. With
that vii'W, I move to lay the hill on the table, and
ask for the yeas and nays on that motion.
Mr. ADAMS. Will my friend withdraw the
motion, that I may say a few words?
Mr. CLAY. 1 withdraw it.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish only to state one or two
reasons why I shall vote against this bill. In the
fust place, 1 have had no opportunity of exam-
ining or investigating the case. I concur with
the Senator from Alabama, that this is not a time
when a proper investigation of a question of this
kind can he had. I understand that this bill is to
refund the duties on goods destroyed by fire in
1845, in the city of New York. That was the
misfortune of the merchants to whom the goods
belonged. So it is the misfortune of other mer-
chants who prudently sold their goods to men
who were supposed to be good at the time, but
have since failed, and lost theirmoney; and there
would be as much justice in paying the one as
the other. This is one of the misfortunes of
trade. If you once commence to appropriate
money to relieve the misfortunes of men engaged
in trade, you will soon find that there will be no
end to the calls upon you. I renew the motion
to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. CLAY. I wish simply to say.to gentle-
men on the other side 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The debate is
not in order.
Mr. MALLORY. If my friend from Missis-
sippi will withdraw the motion, I will renew it
after stating in two or three words why I shall
not vote to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. ADAmS. I prefer to have the question.
Mr. CLAY called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 17, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Bell of Tennes-
see, Biggs, Bright, Brown, Clay, Douglas, Evan'?, Green,
Iverson. Johnson, Rubk, Slidell, Weller, and Yulee—17.
NAYrS—Me-sr -. Bell of New Hampshire, Benjamin, Col-
lamer, Dod^e, Durkee, Fesaenden, Fibh, Foot, Foster, Hale,
James, Jones of Iowa, Mailory, Mason, Nourse, Seward,
Stuart, Toombs,Trumbull. Wade,Wilson, and Wught—21.
So the Senate refused to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. SLIDELL. I shall move to amend this
bill by presenting the same provision for refund-
ing the duties on goods destroyed by fire in the
city of Now Orleans, within the same period to
which this bill relates. My amendment is in the
words of the original bill, substituting "Now
Orleans" for " New York" wherever it occurs.
I have not before seen this bill, and have had no
time to examine its provisions, but I presume it
lias been carefully matured, and that Senators
who are disposed to support it are satisfied that
it is proper and just. If it be so as applied to
! New York, it certainly must be so in the case of
the merchants of New Orleans. It is within my
knowledge, and the knowledge of my colleague,
that within the period comprised by the bill there
have been many very destructive fires in New
Orleans, and I have no doubt a large amount of
money has been lost to the merchants of that city
by them. There is one feature of the bill to which
I object, and at the proper time 1 shall offer an
amendment m regard to it. I allude to that pro-
vision which confines the indemnity exclusively
to persons who have not been insured. My
impression is, that insurers—persons who have
takon the necessary precautions to preserve their
j interests—are more deserving of encouragement
from the Senate of the United States than those
who have neglected the ordinary precautions.
Every prudent merchant is supposed to insure
his goods. There may have been cases—perhaps
there were in New York—where, m consequence
of the very extensive destruction of property, the
insurance companies may have become insolvent.
I consider this bill as holding out a premium to
the improvident and careless merchant, who ex-
posed himself to bankruptcy by neglecting the
ordinary and usual precautions of trade.
But, sir, I have assumed, and I am willing to
act on that principle, that this bill is carefully
guarded, and that its piovisionsare just. If they
be so, they apply with as much force to New
Orleans as to New York; and I take it for granted
that the Senator from New York, with his usual
liberality, will extend the same measure of justice
to the merchants of New Oileans as to the mer-
chants of New York. If he accepts my amend-
ment, very well; if not, I shall have to ask for
the yeas and nays on it.
Mr. SEWAIID. I have only a single remark
to make in reply to the Senator from Louisiana.
The Senator from New York did assent to includ-
ing in a similar bill, when it passed the Senate
before, New Orleans and other commercial cities.
It was sent to the House of Representatives, and,
on inquiry, the House of Representatives struck
them out, and for its own reasons, which I shall
not now take time to state, sent this bill here in
its present shape. It is evident, that at this late
hour of the 3d of March, any amendment is fatal
to the billt and therefore I cannot accept the
amendment of the Senator from Louisiana, how-
ever proper it may be in itself. 1 hope we shall
have speedy action.
Mr. CLAY called for the yeas and nays on Mr.
Slidell's amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. I have paired of with the honor-
able Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Foot,] who has
gone off on a committee of conference.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Bell of Tennes-
see, Benjamin, Bright, Brown, Evans, Fitch, Fitzpatrick,
Iverson, Johnson, Mailory, Ma&on, Pratt, Slidell, Weller,
and Yulee—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Collamer, Crit-
tenden, Dodge, Durkee, Fis.li, Foster, Hale, Harlan, James,
Jones of Towa, Jones of Tennessee, Nourse, Seward,
Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilson, and Wright—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLAY. I move to amend the bill by add-
ing at its conclusion this proviso:
Piovided, That said commission shall last but one year,
and all proof shall be taken within that year, and an equi-
table pro rata distribution among all the creditors shall be
made.
As the bill now stands51 do not believe there
is any limitation as to the period of time within
which the proof is to be taKen; and moreover, if
we are to pass the bill in its present shape, you
will find at the next session that parties will come
here and pray for relief, as coming properly with-
in the provisions of this bill, but not being em-
braced because of the insufficiency of the amount
appropriated and their being anticipated by others.
Now, I desire to put all these parties on the same
footing. If the bill is to pass, I want to know
what we are to pay, and when we are to be done
with it. This amendment will effcct some period
of limitation on the operation of the bill, and will
afford some guarantee that not more than ^300,000
will be expended for the benefit of the creditors
named here,and therefore I trust the amendment
will prevail. Tf it does not prevail, I think the
Senate must see that the bill ought not to pass,
and to test the sense of the Senate I ask for the
yeas and nays. *
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TOOMBS. Of course, I do not intend to
debate this measure. I voted against the last
amendment to incorporate New Orleans, though
I approve very highly of the principle, and believe
it to be correct; but believing that the bill ought
to pass, and that it is well guarded, 1 shall vote
against amendments. If we mean to pass the bill
we ought not to amend it.
The question being taken, resulted—yeas 20,
nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Bright, Brown,
Butler, Clay, Evan.1-, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Houston, Hunter,
Iverson, Johnson, Mallory, Pratt, Reid, Slidell, Weller, and
Yulee—20.
NAYS —Messrs, Bell of Now Hampshire, Benjamin,
Collamcr. Crittenden, Dodge, Durkee, Fish, Foster, I-lale,
Iiailan, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of* Tennessee, Ma^on,
Nourse. Seward, Stuart, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, Wil-
son, and Wright—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLAY. If it is the purpose of the Senate
to consume the remaining hour and a half of the
session with this bill, I shall feel it my duty to
state my objections to it. I am opposed to the
bill. I am opposed to its principle, and I am
opposed to its policy. 1 do not intend that it
shall pass. I move to postpone the bill indefi-
nitely, and on that motion I call for the yeas and
nays. If this motion does not prevail, I will
make my speech.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bright, Brown. Butler,*
Clay, Evans, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Hunter, Iveison, Johnson,
Mailory, Piatt, Reid, Siidell, and Yulee—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Brodhead, Col-
lamer. Crittenden, Dodge, Durkee, Fnh, Foster, Hale,
Harlan, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mason,
Nourse, Seward, Stuart, Thompson of Now Jersey, Toombs,
Trumbull, Wade, Weller, Wilson, and Wught—24.
So the Senate refused to postpone the bill indefi-
nitely.
Mr. IVERSON. I think it must be apparent
to my colleague, who moved to take up this bill,
that it cannot pass in the limited time of our ses-
sion which remains. It is now twenty-five min-
utes to eleven o'clock. I am decidedly opposed
to this bill, and am disposed to argue it to some
extent. If it is to supersede all other business-,
and is to be discussed, I shall take part in the
