1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1115
debate. If, however, there be any other business
of importance, I think it would be well for the
Senate to lay this bill on the table, and proceed
to the consideration of other business. I do not
wish to occupy the time of the Senate in discuss-
ing the merits of the bill if I can avoid it, but 1
must certainly do so if I am driven to the neces-
sity of it. I move to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. CLAY called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered; and being taken, resulted—yeas
22, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Bright, Brown,
Butler, Clay, Douglas, Evans, Fitch, Fitzpatnck, Green,
Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson, Pearee, Pratt, Reid,
Slidell, Welter, and Yulee—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell of .V(;\v Hampshire, Collamor, Crit-
tenden, Dodge, Durkee, Fish, Foster, Hale, Harlan, James,
Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mason, Nourse, Sew-
ard, Stuart, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and Wright
—21.
So the bill was laid on the table.
MARINE HOSPITALS.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Committee on Com-
merce have had under consideration the bill (H.
R. No. 741) for the relief of sick and disabled
seamen and boatmen, and have instructed me to
report it back with the recommendation that it
Mr, HUNTER. I hope it will be passed at
once.
Mr. STUART. Do I understand that this bill
proposes to rent the public marine hospitals to
contractors ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. It does provide for that in
certain eases. The object of the bill is this:
wherever it is found that there are marine hospi-
tals the expenses of keeping up which are entirely
disproportioned to the number of seamen or sick
Eersons who come there, as in many cases it has
een found to be, then the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall have authority to lease those grounds
and buildings on proper leases, contracting for
the care of the sick; with the power reserved to
take them back again, on thirty days' notice, if
the Government needs them. I have no doubt
it will be an economy of two thirds of the money
spent on marine hospitals in many places.
Mr. STUART. I have no doubt that the prac-
tice of building marine hospitals without any
reference to their necessity has worked infinite
mischief; but, after having spent a large amount
of money in building them, I do not believe it is
good policy now to turn round and rent and de-
stroy them. So far as that purpose of this bill
is concerned, I am compelled to withhold my
assent from it, and I hope the Senator from Lou-
isiana will not press it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This bill passed the House
of Representatives without difficulty. It was
reported there by the Committee on Commerce.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means of the House of Representatives con-
curred in it, and recommended it to our consid-
eration as one of the most important economical
measures that could be passed. There is a vast
waste in the present system of keeping up marine
hospitals, which, in many cases, makes the sick
cost five or six hundred dollars a year apiece.
Mr. STUART. I understand that, and have
known it for years. It is a great abuse, but at
the same time the proposition to rent out these
valuable buildings to anybody and everybody is
about as bad.
Mr. HUNTER. I have not examined this bill
particularly; but the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means of the other House pressed
it on my attention, and said it was a most im-
portant measure of reform. The principle is a
good one. I take it for granted the Government
will not rent out these buildings to persons who
will injure them. '
Mr. STUART. At this stage of the session
I shall not debate this measure; I have said enough
to show that it does not meet my approbation.
Mr. MALLORY. I ly>pe this bill will not
pass. 1 am satisfied it ought not to pass; and I
think I can satisfy the Senator from Louisiana,
if he will give me his attention for a few min-
utes   , , ..
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will not press the bill if
it is opposed. My impression is that it is a very
good measure; but I withdraw the application for
the^present consideration of the bill. It is too
late to urge a bill that is opposed.
SURPLUS REVENUE.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Committee
on Finance be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the House bill to provide for tjie
depositof the surplus in the Treasury of the United
States with the several States.
The motion was agreed to.
EXTRA COMPENSATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
lay before the Senate the bill (H. R. No. 856)
making an appropriation for carrying out a res-
olution of the House of Representatives.
The bill was read twice, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to appro-
priate whatever amount of money may be neces-
sary to enable the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives to pay the extra compensation, directed
to be paid by the resolution of the House of March
2, 1857, to the officers, clerks, messengers, and.
employes.
Mr. STUART. I move to amend that bill by
inserting " Secretary of the Senate and" before
" Clerk of the House of Representatives," so as
to include the officers of the Senate.
Mr. EVANS. If the bill is to pass, the amend-
ment is a very proper one, because we ought not
to make a distinction between the officers of the
two Houses; but it is certainly very wrong that
it should pass at all. This question has led to
a great difficulty between the Treasury Depart-
ment and the accounting officers of Congress, the
Treasury officers refusing to pay the money on
the ground that it was voted by a mere resolution
of each House appropriating money. The object
now is to do that by law which heretofore has
been done by resolution. I move to lay the bill
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
ELIJAH KING.
Mr.TOOMBS. I move to take up the bill (H.
R. No. 785) relinquishing the claim of the United
States to certain property of. which Elijah King
died seized and possessed, in the District of Co-
lumbia, upon certain specified conditions. It has
received the sanction of the Committee on the
Judiciary. It is simply to relinquish the claim
of the United States to certain real estate of some
free negroes in Virginia.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It having been represented to the Congress of
the United States that Elijah King, an emanci-
pated slave, died intestate recently in the city of
Washington, District of Columbia, seized and
possessed of, and entitled to, real estate in that
city of considerable value, leaving a wife, Chris-
tian King, a slave, the property of William A.
Stephenson, of the county of Fauquier, Virginia,
to whom Elijah whilst they were both slaves,
was married by John B. Armistead, a justice of
the peace, with consent of the owners of both,
and having also two sons, Bayliss King and
Thomas King, issue of the marriage, who are
slaves owned by Robert Carter, of Fauquier
county, Virginia; and it being doubtful whether
the wife and children can, by reason of their con-
dition as slaves, lawfully take and hold the real
estate by inheritance, in which event i t is believed,
that for want of lawful heirs of Elijah King, it
has vested in the United States; and as the owners
of the slaves, the wife and sons, are willing to
emancipate and set them free, and thereby invest
them with power to take, hold, and enjoy the real
estate, provided the United States will release to
and vestin them all right, title, and interest which
may have vested in the United States—one third
to be held and enjoyed by the wife for life, and
the other two thirds, with the reversion of the
wife's third, by the sons absolutely; the bill pro-
vides, that as soon as Christian King, Bayliss
King, and Thomas King, the wife and sons of
Elijah King, shall have befcn emancipated and set
free by their owners, respectively, all right, title,
and interest to, and in the real estate of which
Elijah King died seized, possessed, or entitled,
which by default of his having left heirs capable
of inheriting from him shall have vested in the
United States, shall be vested in thc&wife and
sons, to be held, owned, and enjoyed by them—
one third by the wife for life, and the other two
thirds, with the reversion of the wife's third, to
the sons absolutely.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED. .
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Collom, its Clerk, was received, an-
nouncing that the Speaker of the House had
signed the enrolled bill entitled '^Vn act making
appropriations for certain civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending 30th of June,
1858;" and the President pro tempore signed the
same. j
WASHINGTON MILITARY ROAD.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 422) providing for the
construction of a military road between Fort
Steilacoom and Bellingham Bay, in the Territory
of Washington, which makes an appropriation
of $35,000 for the purpose.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CONTINGENT EXPENSES OF CONGRESS.
Mr. STUART asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
to provide for the settlement of certain accounts
of the disbursing officers of the two Hpuses of
Congress; which was read the first and second
times, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides thaUthe extra compensation
given by each House of Congress, in the year
1856, to its officers and employes, shall be paid by
its disbursing officers out of the contingent fund,
and their accounts shall be settled at the Treasury
Department, with a proviso that this shall not be
so construed as to repeal the joint resolution of
July 20, 1854.
The resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
A message was afterwards received from the
House of Representatives announcing that the
House had passed the joint resolution, with an
amendment adding the words, "and in the year
1857," after " 1856."
The amendment was concurred in.
BOUNTY LAND TO PRIVAT^ERSMfiN.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, the Senate, as ins
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 276) granting bounty land to
the officers and crews of private armed vessels
commissioned by the United States.
Mr. PUGH. This bill was reported by the
Committee on Public Lands without any recom-
mendation. It involves a very serious question.
I hope it will not be pressed at this stage of the
session.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask for a vote on it. I should
like to have five minutes to explain its provisions,
but I will not occupy the time of the Senate.
Mr. PUGH. This bill is to give bounty land
to privateersmen. We have granted bounty land
to soldiers on the idea that they fought for glory.
Now we are to give it to men who fought for
plunder. It seems to me to be an entire depart-
ure from the whole principle of the bounty land
system. These men had commissions with their
own vessels to capture the enemy's ships and
divide the spoils. They did it, and now they
wish to have bounty land and be put on the foot-
ing of soldiers. At the meeting of the Committee
on Public Lands when the matter was first con-
sidered, I thought the committee was entirely
opposed to the bill. It seems subsequently to
have been reported without any recommendation,
one way or the other. I think this bill a depart-,
ure from the bounty land system. I hope it will
not pass.
Mr. FOSTER. I differ from my friend from
Ohio in regard to the object for which these pri-
vateersmen fought. I think they fought for the
same object as those who were in the other service
—that is, to cripple the enemy; and they effected
that object quite as fully as those engaged in what
is called the regular service; for, sir, the prisoners
taken by privateersmen during the war amounted
| to four thousand eight hundred and twelve, while
d the prisoners taken by the Navy during the same
l! period amounted to only two thousand nine hun-
!i dred and five. The number of vessels of the
i; enemy taken by privateersmen during the war
j amounted to two thousdiidj of which one thou* -
