1116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
sand five hundred were brought into port, and
from'tnat property between forty and fifty mil-
lions of dollars went into the Treasury of the
United States. The whole number of individuals
serving in privateers during1 the war did not ex-
ceed fifteen thousand, and if they were entitled j
each of them to the amount of money which they
actually contributed to the Treasury, they would ,
have $3,000 apiece; for it is susceptible of proof 1
thai the property taken by them, which went into
the public Treasury, amounted to more than forty
millions of dollars. These are the only men who ;
have not received this bounty. All the sailors in j
the Navy, all flotilla men, all barge men—men of;
every character—have received bounty land ex-
cept those. An unjust and invidious discrimina-
tion has been made against them. '
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I think the surround-
ing scenes should admonish the Senate of the
propriety of considering well before adopting a
measure of so wide a range as this, in the dis-
tribution of the public lands. I am raising my
voice to as high a pitch as I can, and yet I am
satisfied that very few Senators hear me. How
can we legislate propeily, in such astate of affairs?
The bill now under consideration is a radical
change of the bounty land laws. Unless the ob-
ject be to make a gratuity of the public lands to
everybody, 1 see no claim upon earth m favor of
the parties embraced in this bill. Whaarethey?
Those who went into service, as my friend from
Outu has said, for plunder, for pecuniary reward.
The statement made by the Senator from, Con-
necticut satisfies me that they are not, on any
scoiv, entitled to the favorable consideration of
the Government, lie says they have paid into
tin Ti'-ususy of the United States upwards of
forty millions of dollars. If that be the fact—as
[ u nder&tand the law allowing prize money—they
hove received more compensation than any indi-
viduals engagtd in the war. In the face of this
fact, wt* are called upon absolutely to grant them
bountv land to a latge amount, and we are to do
this by p.i$sin£ a bill which has not received the
sanction of a committee of this body, and which
is n-)t understood by perhaps half a dozen Sen-
ator on the floor. In the hurry, bustle, and con-
fusion which now surround us, we are called
upon to providajfor this class, to what extent no
one can tell. Its clfect on the public lands no one
can inform us. Withoutconsummg time, I move
to lay the bill on the table,
Tiie motion was agreed to.
ROAD IN NEBRASKA.
On motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, the bill (H. R. :i
No. 0*41) for the construction of a road in No !
braska Territory, was considered as in Committee |
of the Whole. Itproposes to appropriate $30,000
for the construction of a road from the Platte
river, via Omaha reserve, to Dacotah City and i
Huniiiiiji-watr.r river. !
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ROADS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Last night, when we went ■
into executive session, we left unfinished a bill j
making a small appropriation for roads m Mm- |
nesota Territory. I should be glad to have that '
bill now taken up. If tln-re be objection, of j
course I shall not press it at this hour. ;
Mr. CLAY. After what transpired last night, 1
I must object to it. (i
Air. DOUGLAS. I withdraw the motion.
AQUEDUCT BRICK CONTRACT.
A message from the House of Repiesenta--1
lives, by Mr. Cullom, us Clerk, announced that']
the House had passed a joint resolution author- , |
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to adjust and • i
cancel certain contracts.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the Senate will
concur in that joint resolution. It is m relation
to the contract for furnishing brick for the aque-
duct.
The joint resolution was read twice, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole, !
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the ]
Treasury to settle and adjust with all il\c parties j
interested in the contract for manufacturing brick '
for the Washington aqueduct, on principles of j
equity and justice, and to pay the amount found j
due on the parties surrendering to the United \
States all brick made, together with the ma- i
chinery and appliances and other personal prop-
erty prepared for executing the contract, and
agreeing to cancel the contract.
The resolution was reported to the Senate, or-
dered to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Air. Cullom, its Clerk, announced that the
Speakerof theHousehad signed several enrolled
bills and joint resolutions; which were then signed
by the President pro tempore, as follows:
"An act for the relief of George Chorpenning, Jr.;
An act foi the relief of John B. Iio.se, of Wa-
bash county,Indiana;
An act to construct a building for a custom-
house and post office at Perth Amboy, New
Jersey; _ j
An act to provide for the construction of a mil- j
itary road between Fort Steilacoom and Belling- i
ham Bay, in the Territory of Washington; j
An act for the construction of a road in the '
Territory of Nebraska; j
An act relinquishing the claim of the United
States to certain property, of which* Elijah King
died seized and possessed, m the District of Co-
lumbia, upon certain specified conditions;
A joint resolution to adjust and cancel certain
contracts; and
A joint resolution for the presentation of medals
to Doctor Kane, his officers, and men.
PRELIMINARIES TO ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I offer the following
resolution:
Rc-ohcJ, Tint a committee two mombeis on the part
of the Senate be appointed to join ^ueh eommilUe as may
be appointed on the. part of the Ilou-e of Representatives
to wait on the Pj evident of tin; United f5ute-. rind inform
liiiu tiiat tho two lIou^e< of Coimrcas. am loady to close the
present session by an adjournment.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that resolution will be
adopted; but let the committee wait until we set-
tle the deficiency bill. I understand there is a
possibility of doing so.
Air. FITZPATRICK. The committee can be
appointed, and they need not act until the proper
time.
The resolution was adopted, and Air. Fitz-
patrick and Mr. Criitexdex were appointed
the committee.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. FBSSENDRN. The committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of tho two Houses
on the biil (H. R. No. 035) to supply deliciencies
in rhe appropriations for tin* service of the fiscal
year ending; June 30th, 3857, having met, after
full and free conference, have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend, to th-ir respective
Houses the adoption of the report which I hold
in my hand. I will state that tlfe report is the
same precisely as the report of the first commit-
tee of conference on this bill, except in regard to
the particular matter on which the two Houses
especially disagree; and all the members of this
committee of conference, except the chairman,
[Mr. Bfggs,] agreed on that subject to recom-
mend the adoption of the following provision: <
"To indemnify the Cleik for such muus a< ho may have
expended foi books- under the resolution ot the House of
Representatives ol July?. Js.36, and to enable him under
s-dul ie&uluuon to furnish lor each membei and Delegate of
the Ilniw of'Representative:-, who has not heretofore re-
ceived the i-anie. the following enumerated books, viz:
Gyte< & Beaton >• RegiMer of Debates ; Concessional Globe
and Appcndi"; Public Lnnd Law.-, instruction--, and Opm- ,
ion-; EIhot\Debates : Diplomatic Conespondenep ; Opm- !
ion* of the Attorneys General. m five volume*; Finance j
Repoits: Gales & teuton's Annul?- of Conors; John |
Adams'.-? Works; Jeffci-on's VVorKs, to be <-upphpd from j
me numbers of said work now m charge of the Libuumn ; :
JIickev'& Constitution ; and Mayo and Moulton's Pension \
and Bounty Land Law?, $1^.000, or so much thereof as .
may be iiece>&ary. is heicby appiopriated out of any money i
m the Tieasury not otherwise appropriated: Provided, They j
be furnished at puce* not exceeding those lor winch they I
were heietofore supplied: -2nd provided aho. That said •
books be fonvaided hy the Clerk to --uch public library m j
the district of cacti of said member- and Delegates as may !
be designated b> saulmc-.nUe! and Delegate.-"1 j
This furnishes no books to Senators, but pro- j
vides that the books here enumerated shall be J
furnished to public libraries designated by the j
members.
Mr. HTTNTER. The members do not get i
them. We might as well compromise on this, j
Mr. BIGGS. It is due to myself to say, that \
I do not concur in the report of the majority of s
the committee of conference. I shall not debate
it.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I call for the yeas and
nays on the report. ["Oh, no."] I withdraw
the call.
The report was agreed to; and a message was
received from the House of Representatives an-
nouncing that the House also concurred in the
report.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Cullom, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that the Speaker had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; which were signed by the
President pro tempore:
An act for the relief of Jonathan Cilley;
An act to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the fiscal year ending June
30,1857;
An act explanatory of an act, approved August
16, 1856, entitled " An act for the relief of Adam
D. Steuart and Alexander Randall, executor of
Daniel Randall;" and
A resolution to provide for the settlement of
certain accounts of the disbursing officers of the
two Houses of Congress.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Secre-
tary, announcing that he had approved and signed
various bills originating in the Senate, which had
passed the two Houses of Congress.
ADJOURNMENT.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Cullom, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had concurred in the
resolution for the appointment of a committee to
watt on the President of the United States, and
inform him that the two Houses are ready to
adjourn, and had appointed Messrs. L. D. Camp-
bell and Percy Walker the committee on their
part.
On motion of Mr. BIGGS, it was
0 • cre-ly That the Secietary inform the House of Repre-*.
sentativ"s that the Senate having finished the legislative
business before it, is now ready to adjourn.
Mr. FITZPATRICK, (at twelve o'clock, m.)
The joint committee appointed on the part of the
Senate and House of Representatives to wait on
his Excellency the President of the United States,
and inform him that the two Houses of Congress
are now ready to adjourn, unless he have further
communication to make, have performed that
duty, and received for answer that ho had no
further communications to make. 1 move, there-
fore, that the Senate adjourn bine die.
The PRESIDENT jjio tempore. Senators, in
closing with you the present Congress, I beg
permission to express to all Senators my smccre
acknowledgments for the courtesy and forbear-
ance which have marked their intercourse with
the Chair, and their personal kindness to its
temporary occupant. I have certainly endeav-
ored, by diligence and care in the dispatch of
the public business, and by strict impartiality, to
deserve it.
1 tender to each and to all of you. Senators,
my earnest wish for a happy and grateful meeting
with those awaiting you at home, and for your
prosperity and welfare in life.
It remains only to declare that the Senate stands
adjourned without day.
REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE OF CONFERENCE
ON THE CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Tuesday, March 3, 1857. ^
The'committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the civil appropria-
tion bill, submitted the following report; which
was adopted by both Houses of Congress:
Tho committee of eonfcrence on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (II. It. No. 615) making appro-
puation-s for certain civil exj en>esof the Government for
the year ending the 30tli of June, 1658, having met, after
full and free conference have agieed to recommend,and do
recommend, to their respeet've Houses as follows:
That the Senate do rcoede fiom its second, fifth, eleventh,
seventeenth, eighteenth, twenty-seventh, twenty-eighth,
twenty-ninth, thirty-fourth, thirty-eighth, forty-first, forty-
thml, ibrty-sevxmth, fiftieth, fifty-third, fifty-fifth, iilty-sixtn,
sixtv-third,severity-fir.">t,seventy-fifth,seventy-eighth, sev-
enty-ninth. eightieth, eighty-first, eighty-second, eignty-
thnd. eighty-fifth, eighty-ninth, ninety-fourth, mnety-fifth,
ninety-seventh, one hundredth, one hundred and first, one
