1118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March S,
unites for fitting up 01 furnishing the same for the pur-
poses- indicated . and if a buildup 01 buildings should be on
such site or-itfv. which can bf remodeled or r-banged &o as
to ;m .wortnc purpose indicated, to submit to Congress plans
mid e-tunnies of such alter,Utons, and al>o estimates tor
fitting up or furnishing -ueh budding or buddings.
One hundred-and second amendment:
Sf.r\ —. Jivd he it further enacted, That there shall be
paid to tiie Auditors, Comptrollers. Realtor, Solicitor, and
ComimsfiontT of Uustotns of the Treasury Department, and
to the Commissioners of the Land, Patent, and Pensions
and of Public Buildings, and Indian Affairs, of the Interior
Department, the three Assistant Postmasters General, an
additional annual compensation of $1,000 each; and to the
Recorder of the Land Office an additional compensation of
$800; and the amount necessary to carry this clause into
effect is hereby appropriated out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
One hundred and third amendment:
Sec. —. Jindbe it further enacted, That the President
may, if he considers that the public interest will be pro- j!
moted thereby, transfer from schedules B and C of the act !
entitled "An act to regulate the diplomatic and consular !,
ss>-stums of the United States," approved August, 1836, .
any consulate or commercial agency named therein to the |
da of consulates or commercial agencies not embraced in j j
said schedules, and the consular officers appointed to such j'
office^ shall receive for their compensation s>ueh fees as shall j \
be collected ; and the twenty-first section of said act of jj
August, 1836, be, and the same i  hereby, repealed. i'
AMENDMENTS AGREED TO.
The House recedes from its disagreement to |j
the following amendments of the Senate: jj
First amendment: il
For the compensation of an additional appraiser general, [j
to be appointed by the President, by and with the advice i1
and consent of the Senate, and to be employed in the dis- ! J
trict-s or ports of Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, \:
and Texas, $2,o00. j I
Third amendment: jj
For contingent expenses incident to the construction of ' j
the custom-house at Ellsworth, Maine, $1,500. ii
Fourth amendment: jj
For grading and fencing grounds of the new custom- «:
house at Belfast, Maine, $5,000. i'
Sixth amendment: j'
For the purpo.-e of adding an additional story to the cus- , -
tom-hoube and post office building at Petersburg, Virginia, 1
.$20,000 : Proviaed, That no part of the said sum of money 1
hereby appropriated shall be expended for the construction ,,
©f a portico to said building. •:
Eighth amendment: l'
Page 3. line eighteen, after the word "grading '' insert j;
£i the grounds belonging to the;" so that the item, as
amended, would read: |
For fencing and grading the grounds belonging to the i
marine hospital, at Portland, Maine, and for introducing :
water, erecting stables, removing and repairing old budding ,,
for pek-house, and putting in kitchen-ranges, §16,000.
Ninth amendment:
Page 4, line seven, after the word " assistants," strike out I
all to arid including the word "Lakes,'" m the item. " For 1
salaiies of five hundred and forty-three keepers of light- !<
iiou-c- and light-beacon*, and their assistants, and including ;!
$1,200 for salary of superintendent of supplies on the upper j ■
lakes, .5*2i7.2i>0leaving thu item to .-land as follows:
For salaries of five hundred and forty-three keeper? of i
light-liou.-es and hght-beaeons,and their assistants,$217,200. , j
Tenth amendment: ^
Page, 7, alter line -sixteen, insert the following: ''
For restoring theltgin-hou e works near Coffin's Patches, |.
Florida, to their condition puor to tiie hurricane of 27th and
28th of August, 1856, $2U,033 81. 1 !
Twelfth amendment: I!
Page 7, line two, after the word " Department,*' strike ji
out •'.$'3,839 38," and m ert " $6,303 82;'' so that the item,
■a-aiuf ndv d, will read: ii
For fuel and quarters for officers of the Army serving on ! j
iight-iiouse duty, the payment of which is no longci pro- : j
vnleJ tor by tiie quartermaster's department, $6,508 82. ,,
Thirteenth amendment: j!
Page 7, after line twenty-one, insert the following : ; j
For compensation of two .superintendents for the life \ \
stations on the coasts of Long Island and New Jersey, j i
$2,0Si 14. j j
Fourteenth amendment: H
For compensation of fifty-four Keepers of stations, ij
■$7,123 80. ii
Fifteenth amendment: •'
For contingencies of life stations on the coasts of Long i |
I&Jand and Xew Jersey, .<-15,000. J1
Sixteenth amendment: j!
Pa?" 8. Une sevent- en, after the word <£ and." strike out , i
"sovuimand insert in lieu thereoffcixtyso that the | i
item,as amended, will read : !■
Fo- suivcymg in Louisiana, at augmented rates, now ' j
authouzed by law. *4,766. , j
Nineteenth amendment: |!
Page 11, strike out hues twenty-three, twenty-four, twen- |!
ty five, twenty mx, and twenty-seven: " For annual re- i
pan - y! the Piesident's IIou>e and furniture, improvement '
of gr mnd*, purchasing tree= and pbmts for garden and
•snakuig hot-beds therein, and contingent expenses incident
thereto, $6,000;" and insert as follows :
For annual repairs of the President's Mouse a*d furni-
ture, (including the painting of the.East room and entire
wood-word of the interior, Jitnng up of the water-closets
and CHterns. and making other necet..savv improvement?,)
improvement of grounds, purchasing trees and plants for
garden and making hot-beds therein, and contingent ex-
penses incident thereto, All,000.
Twentieth amendment:
For refurnishing the President's House, to be expended
under the direction of the President, m addition to the pro
ceeds of the sale of such of the furniture and equipage as
may be decayed and unfit for use, $20,000,
Twenty-first amendment:
Page 12, after line six, insert the following :
For erecting east-iron lamp-posts and lighting the same
with gas, from the western terminus of Pennsylvania ave-
nue, through Bridge and High streets, in Georgetown,
$4,000; Provided, The com of the same shall not exceed
the price paid for those now m use by the Government on
Pennsylvania avenue.
Twenty-second amendment:
Page 12, after line ten, insert the following :
For compensation to Alfred L. Rives, civil engineer, and
paying the incidental expenses in making survo>s, draw-
ings. specifications, and estimates, for a bridge across the
Potomac, undei an act of Congiess, §6,410 77.
Twenty-third amendment:
Page 12, after line nineteen, insert the following:
For the erection of stables and conservatory at the Pres-
ident's Hous< , to replace those about to be taken down to
make loom for the extension of the Treasury building,
$-20,000.
Twenty-fourth amendment:
Page 32, after line twenty-three, insert the following:
For completing the grading and graveling New Jersey
avenue from north D street to New York avenue, the sum
of 87,000.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
Page 13, after line one, insert the following:
For continuing Washington aqueduct, $1,000,000.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
Page 13, after line fifteen, insert the following:
For continuing the work of the new dome of the Capitol,
$300,000.
Thirtieth amendment:
For enlarging the building for a custom-house, post office,
and court loom at Buffalo, New York, $121,000, including
the ten per cent, for incidental ; and for the like purpose
at Chicago, Illinois, £200,000, with the ten per cent, for
incidental expenses.
Thirty-first amendment:
For the construction of a custom-house, United States
court-iooms, and post office, at Cairo, Illinois, $50,000.
Thirty-second amendment:
For the construction of warehouses at Q.uarantine_station
on the Mississippi river, below New Orleans, $o0,000:
Provided, That no partof said sum shall be expended until
the State of Louisiana shall pass a law ceding jurisdiction
over the site of such warehouse to the United States, and
siitill grant to the United States the use ot so much land as
may be neoe^aiy for the construction of such warehouse,
with water front and privilege of the wharf now built or
hereafter to be built at said station.
Thirty-third amendment:
For the continuation and completion of the custom-
house, poi-t office, &,c., at Dubuque, Iowa, $20,000, with
ten per cent, for contingencies; and the Secretary of the
Treasury h hereby authorized to take possession and pay
for the land arid prosecute the work, coi^itioued upon the
city of Dubuque entering into a bond in its corporate ca-
pacity. with good and sufficient individual security for twice
the amount of the appropriations, that the Legislature of
Iowa will, at its next ae-s>ion, pass an act ceding exclusive
jurisdiction over the site to the United States, and forever
exempting the property from all taxation.
Thirty-fifth amendment:
Foi flagging footway in the Congressional Burying Ground,
from the entrance ot the same to the Government vault,
$2,200.
Thirty-sixth amendment:
For the colicction of agricultural statistics, investigations
for promoting agncultuie and mral economy, and the pro-
curement and distribution of cuttings and seeds, $60,000s
to be expended undei the direction of the Commissioner of
Patents; and to enable the Commissioner of Patents to
collect and report information m lelation lo the consump-
tion of cotton m the seveial countries ot the world, $3,500.
Thirty-seventh amendment:
To enable the Secretary of tiie Interior to pay the super-
intendent of the building occupied by said Secretary and his
Department from the 1st day of January,,.1835, to the 30th
of June, 1638, the allowance to be made to such supeun-
tendent with his salary as clerk not to exceed $2,000 per
annum, the sum of $700.
Thirty-ninth amendment:
For flagging the main avenue in the Botanic Garden, and
for stone guttei for same, $3,360.
Fortieth amendment:
For the construction of a wooden bridge, with a double
track, across the canal in the line of Maine avenue, $1,500.
Forty-second amendment:
For amount due the contractors on the construction of
the marine hospital at Vicksburg, Mississippi, $1,702 58.
Forty-fourth amendment:
For the continuation and completion of the United States
court-house and post office at Indianapolis, Indiana,
$G7,000, (with ten per cent, for contingencies.)
Forty-fifth amendment:
For the continuation and completion of the buildings for
the United States. court« and post office at Rutland and
Windsor. Veimont, $40,000 each, (with ten per cent, for
contingencies.) —
Forty-sixth amendment:
For completing and fitting up the post office in the build-
ing erected ior a custom-house and post office at Cincin-
nati, $4,338 90#
Forty-eighth amendment:
For completing the custom-house at Belfast, Maine, and
for furnishing the same, $3,500, (with ten percent, for con-
tingencies.)
Forty-ninth amendment:
For completing the custom-house at Bath, Maine, $5,500„.
Fifty-first amendment:
For fencing and grading the site of the custom-house at
Bath, Maine, $10,000.
Fifty-second amendment:
For enlarging the custom-house at Ogdensburg, New
York, and providing for the uses of the United States courts,
and their Federal officers, $50,000, with ten pereent. on the
same for contingencies.
Fifty-fourth amendment:
For repaving Pennsylvania avenue at the intersection of
Seventh street, the width of said street, on the plan known
as the Belgian pavement, the sum of $5,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary for that purpose.
Fifty-seventh amendment:
For furnishing lamp-posts and lamps on the north, east,
and west side of Lafayette Square, and for taking up and
relaying the footways on the south side of said square, and
underdraming the same, the sum of $1,350.
Fifty-eighth amendment:
For expenses of packing and distributing the Congres-
sional Journals and documents, in pursuance of the provis-
ions contained in the joint resolution of Congress, approved
28th January, 1857, $22,000.
Fifty-ninth amendment:
For a small class revenue cutter, to be located in the col-
lection distnet of Key West, $5,500.
Sixtieth amendment:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to cause such
experiments and analyses of different beds of ore as to test
whether any of such ores, in their native state, possess
alloys that will resist the tendency to oxydize to a greater
extent than others, and to ascertain under what circura-
| stances they are found, and where, in order to facilitate th«
j proper selections of iron for public works, $2,500.
Sixty-first amendment:
| For completing and furnishing the building purchased of
, the Bank of Pennsylvania, to adapt it to the uses of a post
| office, in the city of Philadelphia, $100,000.
Sixty-second amendment:
For expenses of loans and Treasury notes, $5,000; being
so much of the amount of such appropriations heretofore
made as was carried to the surplus fund on the 30th June,
185G, which is hereby reappropiiated.
Sixty-fifth amendment:
To enable the President of tire United States to carry into
effect the act of Congress of the 3d March, 1810, and any
subsequent acts now in force for the suppression of the
slave trade, $8,000.
Sixty-sixth amendment:
For the erection of a temporary capitol for Washington
Territory, $30,000, and for a penitentiary in the same Ter-
ritory, $2;},000, inclusive of the sites of the buildings: Pro-
vided, That each building shall be finished for the sums
hereby appropriated.
Sixty-seventh amendment:
To enable the Committee on the Library to contract with
Mr Healy for a scries of portraits of the Presidents of the
United States for the Executive Mansion, (provided the cost
of the same shall not exceed one thousand dollars for the
full length portraits,) the sum of $5,000 is hereby appro-
priated ; or, in the discretion of the committee, to purchase
such of Stuart's portraits of the Presidents as shall be for
sale. **;
Sixty-eighth amendment:
For building a court-house and post office at Raleigh,
North Carolina, $50,000.
Sixty-ninth amendment: *
For building a court-house and post office at Columbia,
South Carolina, $50,000.
Seventieth amendment:
For building a court-house at Madison, Wisconsin,
$50,000.
Seventy-second amendment:
For a court-house and post office at Memphis, in the State
of Tennessee, $50,000.
Seventy-third amendment:
For a building at Tallahassee, Florida, to accommodate
the United States courts and post office, $50,000. *
Seventy-fourth amendment:
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the sal-
aries of the judges of the circuit and orphans' courts ot
the District of Columbia for the year ending the 30ta June,
1858, $4,050.
