1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill#
Seventy-sixth amendment:
For the completion of a United States court-house and
post office at Key West, Florida, $30,000, with ten percent,
for eonunsjencics, and &o much as may be necessary for the
purchase of a suitable site for the same.
Eighty-fourth amendment:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he hereby is, authorized to increase
the length of the building lor the custom-house, post office,
and court rooms, at Galveston, Texas, as many feet as the
appropriation heretofore made will admit of being done.
Eighty-sixth amendment:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the sum Of $10,000
be, and the same hereby is, appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for continuing
the system of protecting-human life from ship-wreck, as
heretofore established, by life-boats and other means, on
the coast of Massachusetts, the said sum to be expended
by the Boston Humane Society, under the direction and
control of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Eighty-seventh amendment:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the President of the
United States be, and he is hereby, authorized to construct
4he steam revenue cutter provided for by the act of Congress,
approved February 6,1857, entitled " An act to authorize
the President of the United States to cause to be procured
fey purchase or otherwise a suitable steamer as a revenue
«utter," by contract or otherwise, in any manner which
may, in his judgment, seem best for the public interests.
Eighty-eighth amendment:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be law-
ful for the Secretary of the Interior, in executing the im-
provements around the Capitol ordered in this or in any
other act, to sell either the railing, coping, or rubble stone
now in use on the Capitol grounds, bur shall, when they
are superseded, use so much thereof as may be necessary
in inclosing Judiciary Square, and the remainder shall be
used in inclosing such public grounds as the President may
direct.
Ninetieth amendment:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the provisions of
the act of March 3,1853, fixing the salary of the collector of
the port of Chicago, Illinois, at §1,250 per annum, shall not
be so construed as to deprive the said collector of the per
centum allowed by the sixth section of the act approved
March 3,1849, to such officers as may have been designated
as depositaries under the act of August 6,3846; and the
benefits of said sixth section are hereby extended to said
collector.
Ninety-first amendment:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the provisions of
the fifth section of the act entitled "An act making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses cf the Gov-
ernment for the year 1841," approved the 3d day of March,
1841, which established and limited the compensation of col-
lectors of customs, shall be construed to apply to surveyors
performing or having performed the duties of collectors of
the customs, who shall be entitled to the same compensation
as is allowed to collectors for like services m the settlement
of their accounts.
Ninety-second amendment;
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States may enlarge the area of the reservation
Mendocino by extending its boundary northward along the
coast of the Pacific ocean, to the vicinity of Cape Mendo-
cino, embracing sufficient territory for the colonization of
the Indians in the coast range of mountains north of the
bay of San Francisco, and also those in the valley of the
Sacramento river; but such extension shall not interfere
with the preemption claims of settlers.
Ninety-third amendment:
Sec. 10. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to cause to be constructed at the city of Boston, m the State
of Massachusetts, a suitable fire-proof building for the ac-
commodation of the circuit and district courtsof the United
States, and for this purpose the sum of ,$100,000 be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated out ot any money m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Ninety-eighth amendment:
Sec. 15. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury be, and they are hereby,
authorized and directed to reexamine the account between
the United Sta.cs and the State of MarUami, as the same
was, from time to time, adjusted under the act passed on
the 13th of May, 1826, entitled *'An act authorizing the pay-
ment of mterestduetotlie State of Maryland,*' and on such
reexamination to assume the sums expended by the State of
Maryland for the use and benefit of the United States, and the
sums refunded and repaid by the United States to the said
State, and the times of such payment-*, as being correctly
stated m the account, as the same has heretofore been
passed at the Treasury Lepartinent; but in the calculation
of interests due under the act aforesafd, the following rules
shall be observed, to wit: Interest shall be calculated up to
the time of any payment made. To this istere-u the pay-
ment shall be first applied, and. if it exceed the interest due,
the balance shall be applied to dimmi-h the principal. If
the payment falls short of the interest, the balance of inter-
est shall not be added to the principal <o as to produce in-
terest. Second interest shall be allowed the State of Mary-
land on such sums only on u Inch the said State either paid
interest or lost interest b\ the transfer of an interest-bearing
fund.
Ninety-"ninth amendment:
Sec. 13. Ami he it further cnacted, That if, upon such
reexamination of the account and application of the above
iuIcs, anv money shall be found to be due to the State of
Mar} land, the same shall be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
amendments agreed to with amendments.
The House recedes from its disagreement to,
and the Senate agrees to, the following amend-
ments with amendments, as stated:
Seventh amendment:
Strike out the word "ten," and insert "five," in the
amendment of the Senate; so that the amendment as
amended shall be as follows:
For finishing, repairing, refitting, and refurnishing the
marine hospital at Padueah, Kentucky, $5,000.
Fifty-first amendment:
Strike out the word " sixteen," in the amendment of the
Senate, and insert " tenso that the amendment as
amended shall he as follows:
For fencing and grading the site for the custom-house at
Bath, Maine, $10,000.
Seventy-seventh amendment:
In hne six, of the Senate amendment, strike out the
words,one clerk of class threeafter the word " him,"
in line twelve, insert the word " andand in lines thir-
teen, fourteen, and fifteen strike out the words,l- and one
assistant messenger, at an annual salary of -&700;" so that
the amendment as amended shall be as follows :
Sfc. Q. And be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States be, and he is hereby, authorized to ap-
point or employ, in his official household, the following
officers, to wit: one private secretary at an annual salary
of $-2,500; one steward at an annual salary of $1,200, who
shall, under the direction of the President, have charge of
and be responsible for the plate and furniture of the Presi-
dent's Mansion, and shall discharge such other duties as
the President may assign him; and one messenger at an
annual salary of $900; and such sum as may be necessary
to carry into effect tbe provisions of this section, to the 30th
of June, 1858, is hereby appropriated, out of anv money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and that for con-
tingent expenses of the Executive office, including station-
ery therefor, to be expended under the direction of the
President, from the date of this act to the 30th June, 1858,
$750.
Ninety-sixth amendment:
After the word " five,"in line three of the Senate amend-
ment, insert the word " temporaryin lines three, four,
and five, strike out the words " of cla?s two in addition to
those now allowed by law irom and after the 19th of June,
1857," and in lieu thereof insert "dunng the fiscal year;"
so that the amendment, as amended, shall be as follows:
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Interior be authorized to employ in the office of Indian
affairs five temporary clerks during the fiscal year; and for
their compensation the sum of $7,000 is hereby appropriated,
out of any money in the Tieasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, the same to be in heu of the five temporary clerks
heretofore authorized to be employed m said office.
LEGISLATIVE, EXECUTIVE, AND JUDICIAL
* APPROPRIATION BILL.
Tuesday, March 3, 1857.
The committee of conference upon the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses upon the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill, sub-
mitted the following report thereon; which was
adopted by the two Houses of Congress:
• The committee of conference appointed to consider the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendments to
House bill making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judiciary expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th day of June, 1858, report that they have
met, and after iflSkand free conference, have agreed to rec-
ommend to theifwspective Houses as follows:
That the House concur in the first, second, fifth, sixth,
eighth, eleventh, thirteenth, fourteenth, sixteenth, twenty-
third, twenty-fourth, twentv fifth, thirty-third,thirty-fourth,
thirty-seventh, thirtv-eighth, thirty-ninth, and fortieth,
amendments of the Senate; also that the House agree to
1 the Senate's thirty-first amendment, with an amendment
1 as follows: Strike out all after the word "two" m the
eighth line of the amendment to the word " three" in the
fifteenth line, inclusive ; and that the Senate recede from
the fourth, ninth,eighteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, twenty-
fir-^t, twenty-second, twenty-sixth, twenty-seventh, twei.ty-
eighth, twenty-ninth, thirtieth, thirty-second, thirty filth,
and tlnrtv-sixth amendments.
They also report that they have been unable to agree
upon the twelfth, amendment of the Senate, which is the
only remaining one. j. A. PEARCE,
R. TOOMBS,
C. C. CLAY. Jr..
Managers on behalf of the Senate.
J. II. CAMPBELL,
JOHN1 H. LUMPKIN,
E. B. WASHBUUNE,
Managers on behalf of the House.
The following is the report of the committee in
detail:
!j amendments rejected.
11 The Senate recedes from the following amend-
|i ments:
I, Fourth amendment:
i! For the publication of the Monroe p.-ipers now in the
it archive* of the State Department, under the direction ot
! I the Library Committee, .$6.000: Provided, That the edition
ji shall not exceed one thousand copie=.
li Ninth amendment:
11 That in addition to the number of clerks now i* th« office
of the Quartermaster General, as now authorized by the
existing laws, there may be appointed in that otfiet"four
clerks of class one, as established by the act of 3d March,
1853.
Eighteenth amendment:
Page 35, line fourteen, strike out " $6,500" at the close
of the clause, " for salaries of six of the additional clerks
authorized by the acts of 6th August, 1846_12th August,
1848, 3d March, 1851, 31st August, 18o2, and 4th August,
1854, $6,500," and insert: *
" Seven thousand two hundred dollars : Provided, That
one of said clerks shall be employed in the office of the
Treasurer at St. Louis, Missouri, at a salary of $1,500 per
annum."
Nineteenth amendment:
Page 36, line nineteenth, after tbe word " dollars," insert
the following:
That in addition to the nine supervising inspectors, the
appointment of which is authorized by the eighteenth sec-
tion of the act of 30th of August, 1859, one other of like
qualifications shall be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, for the Pacific
coast of the United States: Provided, That this additional
supervising inspector shall not, be under obligations to attend
the meetings of the board oftenerthan once in three years,
but shall, in the intervals thereof, communicate therewith
in writing, and in all his official acts and proceedings shall
be governed by such rules and regulations as may be from
time to time established by said board ; and a certified copy
of such rules and regulations, shall be forwarded to him by
tbe secretary of said board. The compensation of such
supervising inspector for the Pacific coast shall be $3,000
per annum.
Twentieth amendment:
Page 38, after Hne seven, insert as follows:
And the compensation allowed to the messengers and
crier of the Supreme Court shall hereafter be $720 per an-
num, m heu of the present per diem compensation.
Twenty-first amendment:
And that the Secretary of the Interior is hereby author-
ized to pay out of the appropriation herein made, such
amount as may by bim be regarded as just and proper for
rent of the rooms occupied by the United Statesfcourts at
Los Angeles, California, from 27th of October, 1854, to the
time wlien such rent can be legally allowed under the act
of26th February, 1853, entitled " An act to regulate the fees
and costs to be allowed clerks, marshals," &c., as the same
has been construed by said Department.
Twenty-second amendment:
Page 39, after line ten, insert as follows :
For compensation of two draw-keepers for the Potomac
bridge at the channel next the District of Columbia, and for
fuel and lamps, $633.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
Page 39, after line seventeen, insert as follows:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay for cer-
tain additional clerical services required under the act of
July 4, 1840, to provide for the collection, safe-keeping,
transfer, ami disbursement of the public revenue, from the
9th of July, 1840, to the 7th of September, 1841; and in the
disbuisement of Treasury notes from the 20th of October,
1843, to the 26th of April, 1844, for the payment of which
no appropriation has been made, $1,136 79.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
Page 69, after line seventeen, insert " diplomatic."
Twenty-eighth amendment:
For salary of an Envoy E* traordinary and MiQjster Pleni-
potentiary to Persia, $12,000.
Twenty-ninth amendment:
For salary of a secretary of legation to Persia, $2,800.
Thirtieth amendment:
For salary of an interpreter to the mission of Persia,
$2,500.
Thirty-second amendment:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the treasurer of
the branch Mint at San Francisco, California, be, and lie
hereby is, authorized to employ two clerks m his office, at
an annual salary of $2,000 each, and such sum as may be
necessary to cairy into effect the provisions of this section
to the 30th of .Time, 1858, is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated; and that
the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury shall be appointed
by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate : and that so much of the third section of the act of
the 3d of July, 1852, entitled " An act to establish a branch
of the Mint of the United States m California," as vests tl*e
appointment of the clerks to the treasurer of said branch
Mint m the superintendent, be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed ; and tiie said treasurer be, and is hereby, authorized
to appoint his own clerks, subject to the approval of the
Secretary of the Treasury, as provided by the joint resolu-
tion of the 3d of March, 1851, in the case of other treasurers
of United States Mints.
Thirty-fifth amendment:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, Thaj the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to p,tv, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropiiated,
to Fredeiiek A. JBeelen,secretary of the United States lega-
tion at Santiago, Chili, the sum of $750, that being tin* dif-
ference between the salary Waived by him from the 1st
dav of July, 1855, to the 1st day of January. 1837, and the
amount of salaiv to which he would have been entitled at
the rate of compensation existing when he was first ap-
pointed to that office.
Thirty-sixth amendment:
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That two clerks in
the Post Office Department of class number three be trans-
ferred to class number four, and that such transfer shall
