1120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3, 1857.
-take effect from the passage of this act; and the sum neces-
sary for the payment of the difference of die salaries con-
sequent upon such transfer, is hereby appropriated out of
any mon«y in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
AMENDMENTS CONCURRED IN.
The House recedes from its disagreement to,
and agrees to the following amendments of the
Senate:
First and second amendments:
Page 2, line nineteen, after the word " each," strike out
" fifteen" and insert"sixteen."
Page 3, line seven, after the word " making," strike out
li $78,474,'" and insert " 79,674;" so that the whole clause,
as amended, shall be as follows:
For compensation of the officers, clerks, messengers, and
others, receiving an annual salary in the service of the Sen-
ate, viz : Secretary of the Senate, $3,600; officer charged
with disbursements of the Senate, $480; chief clerk, $2,500;
principal clerk and principal executive clerk in the office
of the Secretary of the Senate, at £2,160 each ; eight clerks
in office of the Secretary of the Senate, at $1,850 each ;
keeper of the stationery, $1,752; two messengers, one at
$1,080 and one at$750; one page, at $500; Sergeant-at-Amis
and Doorkeeper, $2,000; Assistant Doorkeeper, $1,700;
Postmaster to the Senate, ,$1,750; Assistant Postmaster
and mail carrier, $1,440; two mail boys, at $-900 each;
superintendent of the document-room, $1,500; two assist-
ants in document-room, at $1,200 each ; superintendent of
the folding-room, $1,500; two messengers, acting as assist-
ant doorkeepers, at $1,500 each; sixteen messengers, at
$1,200 each ; superintendent in charge of Senate furnaces,
$L200; laborer m private passage, $600; two laborers, at
$480 each; clerk or secretary to the President of the Senate,
$1,752; draughtsman, $1 ,£50; Chaplain of the Seriate, $750;
clerk to the Committee on Finance, $1,850; clerk to the
Committee on Claims, $2,190; clerk of printing records,
$1,850—-making $79,674.
Fifth amendment:
Page 8, after line four, insert the following:
For paper, printing, and binding ,a complete catalogue of
the books in the Library of Congress, four thousand dollars,
under the direction of the Library Committee of Congress.
Sixth amendment:
Page 8, after line four, insert " public printing."
Eighth amendment:
Page 23, line six, after the word " office" strike cut
" seven," and insert m lieu thereof "eight."
Page *23, line seven, after the word "dollars" insert,
e< and that the salary of the surveyor general of Utah shall
be $4,000 a year from the 1st day of January, 1856;" so
that the item as amended shall be as follows:
For compensation of the surveyor general of Utah, and
the clerks m his office, eight thousand dollars ; and that the
salary* of the surveyor general of Utah shall be four thou-
sand dollars a year, from the 1st day of January, 1856.
Eleventh amendment:
Page 28, after line twenty-nine, insert the following:
For compensation of clerks employed temporarily m the
office of the Postmaster General priorto the 31st December,
1856, $1,884 71, or so much thereof as may be necessary.
Thirteenth amendment:
Page 33,line twenty-five, after the word "California"
strike out " $4,500," and insen in lieu thereof "$6,000;" !
so that the item as amended shall be" as follows:
For the salary of the circuit judge of California, $6,000.
Fourteenth amendment:
Page 33, line twenty-six, insert as follows:
And that the annual salary of the judge of the United
States for the northern district of Illinois shall hereafter be
$3,500.
Sixteenth amendment:
That the salary of the judge of the United States district
court for the district of Michigan shall be $3,000 per annum
from and after the passage of this act.
Seventeenth amendment:
Page i-54, line one, after the clause, "For salaries of the
chicf justice of the District of Columbia, the associate
judges, and the judges of the criminal court, and the
orphans' court, $11,700," insert as follows:
Provided, That the salary of the chief justice of the circuit
court of the United States for the District of Columbia shall
be $3,'<50 per annum, and the salaries of the associate
judges, $3,500 per annum, to be paid quarterly; and that
the salary of the judge of the orphan;*' court of the District
of Columbia shall hereafter be $>1,500 per annum, payable
quarterly.
Twenty-third amendment:
Pajre 39, after line ten, insert the following:
For extending the propagating department of the Botanic
Garden, and introducing water into the same from the Cap-
itol square, $2,600, to be expended under the direction of
the Commissioner of Public Buildings.
Twenty-fourth amendment:
For procuring manure, tools, fuel, repairs, purchasing
trees and shrubs for botanic gardens, $2,300, to be expended
under the direction of the Library Committee of Congress.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
For pay of horticulturist and assistantsin the Botanic Gar-
den and green-houses, $5,121 50, to be expended under the
direction of the Library Committee of Congress.
Thirty-third amendment:
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That the Assistant Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall be appointed by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
Thirty-fourth amendment:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That all the provisions
of the eighth section of the act entitled "An act to regulate
the diplomatic and consular systems of the United States,"
approved August 18, 1856, shall be construed equally to
extend to the persons in said eighth section mentioned who
shall have been appointed subsequent to the act entitled
"An act to remodel the diplomatic and consular systems
of the United States," approved March 1,1855.
Thirty-seventh amendmen t:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the difference
between the salary received by the late secretary of lega-
tion of the United States at Madrid while noting a<? charge
d'affaires in the years 1852,1^53, 1854, and 1855, and the
salary to which he would have been entitled as charge
d'affaires for the same period, $2,706 13, and for the amount
of an outfit of a charge d'affaires the further sum of $4,500.
Thirty-eighth amendment:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the consent of
Congress is hereby given that Thomas H. Seymour, Envoy
Extraordinary a<jd Minister Plenipotentiary of the United
States to the Government of Russia, pursuant to the request
of that Government, may accept therefrom such memento
of the solemnities attending the coronation of the present
Emperor, as it may he the pleasure of the Kmperor to pre-
sent to him—such as is shown in the correspondence trans-
mitted by the American Envoy to the Department of State.
Thirty-ninth amendment: 1
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the j luges of the
Supreme Court m the Territoiy of Minnesota are hereby
authorized to hold court within their respective districts in
the counties wherein, by the laws of said Territory, courts
have been or may be established: Provided, The expenses
theieof shall be paid by such counties respectively.
Fortieth amendment: --
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That so much of an
act creating a collection district in Texas and NewMexico,
approved Augusts, 1854, as includes the county of El Paso,
in Texas, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
AMENDMENT AGREED TO WITH AMENDMENT.
Thirty-first amendment:
Strike out after the word " two," in the Senate amend-
ment, the following words, " by the Secretary of the in-
terior, in the office of Indian Affuus, five clerks of class
two, and in the office of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, one day watchman at $600 per annum, and
by the Secretaiy of the Navy, m the Bureau of Yards and
Dock?, one clerk of class three," leaving the amendment
to stand as follows:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That in addition to
those now authorized by law, mere may be employed by
the Secretary of State one clerk of class two; by the Secre-
tary of the Ti easurv in the office of the Auditor of the Treas-
ury for the Post Office Depaitment,five clerks of class two,
and such sum as may be necessary to carry into effect the
provisions of tins section to June 30,1858, is hereby appro-
priated out of any money in the Treasury not otheiwise
appropriated.
AMENDMENT DISAGREED TO.
Twelfth amendment:
Under the head of Kansas insert as follows: " For com-
pensation and mileage of the members of the Legislative
Assembly, officers, clerks, and contingent expenses of the
Assembly, $20,000."
The House subsequently receded from its dis-
agreement to the above amendntent.
THE END.
