$
CONGRESSIONAL C&OBIJ
,-P  —-    -« ---------«c«j fi m  ««j
N^^m^fiftflitt^ffiKBffiffitnmi
in attendance, and moved that the usual oath be
almim&terediohim.
Mr. DODGE was accordingly qualified, and
took his seat.
On motion by Mr FILLMORE,
The Hon. Francis Granger, elected a Repre-
sentative from the State of New Y irk, to supply
the vacancy cceas'oned by the resignation of the
Hon. Mr QREia, was qualified, and tock his feat
A message was received from the Senate by Mr
Dickws, their Secretary, stating that a quorum of
that body had assembled, and were ready to pro-
ceed to business.
Mr JOHNSON of Maryland ro e and stated
fiat his name stood on the list of one of the ciest
i uportant committee's of the last session—'he Com-
mittee on Public Land-, and, as the important
jneasuie which he had most at heart had been
pissed upon, in the enac'ment of the Land bul, he
hoped the Speaker would omit his n< me in filling
up that committee for this se s on. Toere was an-
other measure in which he took an equal interest,
and that was the establi'-hnvnt of a national foun-
dry He gave notice that he would take the ear-
liest opportunity of moving for a select committee
ta Uke that sc¡bj ct into considcratior.
While up, Mr J ¿aid, he wou'd irakc an effort,
he knew net v !,e her it would besjeees f il or nor,
but he wou'd at all events make the effort, to enab e
the House at once to p'oceed to an organization,
aid the transaction of the public business. For
which purpose he would offer a resolution provid
in  that the rules and orders of the 26th Congress
be adopted as the rules and orders oí this Congress
till otherwise altered or changed by the House
He made this motion in order to suit the various
interests in the House, and he heped that there
would be no opposition to its adoption. He knew
tiat the minority were very much opposed to the
one hour rule, and that there were many other rules
of the last session to which many gentlemen enter-
tained serious objections.
Mr. J. then subm.ittd the followirg
Resolved, That ihe Rules of tne Twenty sixth
Congress, as thev were it the close of the said Con
gress, be the Rjles and Orders of this Congreso
until others tp adopted
Mr. ADAMS said that he had an amendment to
ofifei, which, if adopted, would enatle him to vote
for the resolution of ihe gentleman from Maryhnd
He was perfectly wilnrg to adopt the ru'ss and or-
ders of the House as they stood at the close of the
26th Congress, with the exception oí the 21st ru'e,
and he had already drawn up a resolution to that
effect, which he would now offer as an amendmeii
to the monon oí the gen leman from Mary! nd
The motion of the gentleiran was, however, some
what ¡ndttim c, lor the rules and orders of t| e 26 h
Congress havirg und< rgone several ct a^ges, were
not such at the c'ose of the session as they neie at
tne commencement, and he proposed, therefere, n
his amendn ent, that ihe ru'es, as they existed at
the clase of the seseen <=houH he n 'ore, with tne
exception, however, of the 21st rule, it was
known that on the last day of the Is t session the
committee ar pointed at an early part < f t to re-
vise the rule , had male a report, but tl a'
report wa  not read, nor acted upon lie
He took ii tor grmel, though that it vouldoe
taken up a'd ae-tel u on toot, but u¡ til ih t v\
done, he wis pe tfctlj il n* io ad pt t e 'mes
exrting at t^e elcs of tl < 26th Corsjfs, , Jrav ng
out the 21st ru e He wou1 fur rr s \ c tuit ihZ
21st rule w¡ s eipres |y jt riaimi d by th > e d =ti
voies of th Krusc a ti 1 k st srr Mi A.
then offered   le foUow p
Reiohed, Tn'i the n e °r,i 0"V fr b 
transaction of ocwes n il e t^o i p < f P ~u ci   -
J\     sf S    ,    f
uoiii force ^
the 2dh Co-"      , e.
House, he, ai 1  s-e h
ther order of th" II .■
[Tne fcllo^hi'  i
Adams objecteo.
21 t Rj e. No - tnio , ii-i
other pap°r, pr. jin  ut i j > t ci « Lr, m
Ihe Distr c of Colunt a, <. - y n e or Tcinur ,
or the slave trade betv ten tne i ¡>tts or Tern or 4
c¡f the T7i ttd States m uh eh u nr w rxi ^, shall
t t e  0¡ t  1
21 t     !e, 'o t"i c> r?'
f
be received by this House, or entertained m aiay
way whatever ]
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland then modified his
resolution so as ti read, " the rules and orders of
the 26 h Congress, as they existed at the close of
the last session of it " He weuld say one word only
in relation to the difficulty presented by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts. The course pur
sued at the last session in relation to Abo'ition pe-
titions which were embraced m the 21st rule, va-
ried very little from the course pursued under the
rules of the 26 h Congress; because these petitions,
in a great many cases, were presented without be-
ing received; the question of reception having been
rai ed, and that question laid on the table. Thus
the practical operation of the rjles of the last ses-
sion was, that ¡jone of these petitions were, in fact,
leceived. There was then, no material difference
between the piacticai operation of the rules of the
last session and the results of the motion he offered.
His proposit on was, that these rules should only
be in force until the report of the Committee on the
Rules was 'aken up and disponed of.
Mr. ADAMS replied that the gentleman was
somewhat incorrect in his s'atement. The rule of
the last se sion the gentleman referred to, was ex-
tended to a'l petiaons vaatever, as well as to Abo-
lí ion petiuons—^itn ihe exception of ptt'tions on
the subject of (he Bankrupt law, at.d on such sub-
jects as were referred to in th  President's message,
all petitions shared the same fate He repea'ed
that the House did three ti-nes distinctly disclaim
the 91it rule.
Mr FILLMORE called for the reading of Mr,
Adaüís's amendment, and it was read.
Mr FILLMORE said that it was indispensable
that this question should be settled, but the difficulty
appeared to be as to the best mode of settling it
He had hoped that the House would be brought
under the contiol of settled rules before any debate
on this question arose. He was unwilling to take
all the rules of the 26'h Congress wi hoot discus-
sion, and equally unwilling to go into a debate on
this exciting question without ruls's. He would
prefer ihe adoption of some temporary rule, and to
make that subjec* the order of the day foi every
day until disposed of.
Mr STANLY, after some remarks, submitted
Ihe following .imendment, a id moved the previous
question on n
Resolved, That the rule- adop'ed by thi.5 Hou'e
at the !„ t s s>ion, be tie rules for the government
of this Hi use for fitteci dats, unless othes shall
be adopted before (he expiration of that time.
Retained, Tl at the report of the Coramit'ea on
Ruips mae'en t the c'o e of the last session,be
pr nted f ir tt-f usee 'bis House, and made the
special order nf the dav for to morrow and for
each succepdi   d*ynitil the same is disposed of
Mr PROFFÍT observed that he saw ro such se
nous objectio s t-i going into a dimussion of the
2lst rule.
Mr AD^MÍS inquire'if th  motion for the pre-
vious question"? a* m order.
The SPEAKER repled.tV m the absenceof
rules, the par lamentar? Iw \ is n force, and un-
der it the previous questi n m ght be called
M-. FROFFir a-keí1 n the n.c-tion for the
previous qu btioti was d" i  ibK
The SPKMCER retir that it was 'o a limited
ex ent
Mr PROFFST We! s r ma ¡raited run-
ner, I % 11 prrrre 1 to s ow why tbe pr^v ous qJes-
iku i «hi io oprotal He had heard, Mr P
<A't, on- sen tm-n ot j-ct to 'he Slot ru e, who
-t¡ '¡"ing'otA' ^l Hi- o her rules of the T*en-
n- r. C ii k s Hi- hPtl lend another gen
tUn on piopse htitu day j,'or the ad'p ion rf
Hi- rj f th. I- i -i-s i ,., dn.ug which ti"ie ;11
V i " c^-ry' h, eto1' «vc'cJed, ard
1131! <••>■>' I rt^v.reicipant m tht b°
„rpr n c'H 1,1 t <- d, .« ¡op of hf q^csW)
I\o"hec? c-y r  1 to 'Pt-pr-,icjs qU „,cn {,,.
c ase be leemr' ' ro' oily urcen-ti u* on?','but
i ja t, cr-trpb ^toler-iJnl pon to vot  \% ih-
e tí o in ' pe t ttei to r pres tb, r ^cn, me,s on
th q test oi t ley we-c votn? on He <-? w no rea
son why h^ merits of the Slot ruie -hcnM not be
('i ciiisfd, ami ,f sny excitement should be the con.
sequence of such discussion, why let the responsibi-
lity rest on those who would thrust Abolition peti-
tions upon the House.
The SPEAKER here called Mr. P to order.
Mr. PR0FF1T contended that he was proceed-
ing in order. He found, he *aid, laid on his table,
wi'h broad lines drawn round it, a circular, cas-
ing on those to whom it was addressed to be at
their posts on the first day of the session, to meet
this question, and saying that it was the important
question of the session. He mentioned this fact to
show, that there was an organized Abolition ¡ arty
in this country, who had their agents here to go
round the house and dictate to its members.
The SPEAKER here called Mr. P. to order for
irrelevancy, and he took his seat.
Mr. ADAMS here said that he objected to the
previous question as moved by the gentleman from
North Carolina, because m the absence of rules
the previous question could not be recognised in
that Hju«e. He objected also to the amendment
of the gentleman from North Carolina, because
under it, all petitions of every nature whatever
would be excludsd for fifteen da)s.
Mr. PROFFIT here interrupted Mr. Adams, and
stated that be considered birasdf entitled to the
floor; that he believed himself to be proceeding in
order F'hen mterrup'ed by the Speaker, at.d asked
in what pariicHlai the Sasaker deemed him to be
out of order
The SPEAKER replied that he had called the
gentleman to oider for irrelevancy.
Mr. PROFFIT appealed from the decision of the
Chair.
The SPEAKER asked him to state the grounds
of his appeal.
Mr. PROFFIT said that he was not transgress-
ing the strictest limits of order while he was pro-
ceeding to show that the previous question ought
not to be sustained. He was showing the reasons
the subject ought fo be discussed, and one of
them wps, that there was an organized Abolition
party, who had its committees m attendance to wait
round this hall, and aid in carrying out its designs.
Tne SPEAKER said that the gentleman irora
Indiana was out of order, because, instead of con-
fir.'ng h'm elf to the propriety of the previous
que nor, he had gone off into the question of Abo-
lition
Mr PROFFIT then withdrew his appeal,
Mr ADAMS thtin ap,xaled from the deauon
cf t'ie Chair, that the previous question was in
order in the absence of written rules cf proceed-
ing The previous question, he said, was an arti-
ficwl pi-ocess, adopted by an express rule, without
vthivhitwas of no efficacy. The parliamentary
law was not, in his opinion, m force in that House.
The SPEAKER, stated that, in the absence of
wntten rules, it had m all ca es been the practice
i f the House of Representatives to be governed
by ihe Lex Parhawentuna, m which the previous
question was recognised, and that, incases pre-
cisely analogous to the present, the previous ques-
tion had beeu moved, recogai^eJ, and put, in the
Hous , and that he should therefore receive the
motion f r the previous question.
Mr ADAMS denied that the parliamen'ary law
was m force in that House, ao 1 appealed fiom
tbe decision of the Chair, cal'i.ig for hs yeas and
nays on the atp a', wh.chv.ere accordingly or-
dTpd
Mr GILMER inured by what ajthonty the
palian e^ary law of E i-ia id w?s m force m that
Hojse He marred tol-now vth/Mher the pirha-
mcijta y 'aw, de'i/ed f o*q the previous history
of ile Ri ish P - lamen , w s 'o be adopted
h r-> r it was a-i op-n question he would vo e
aga r^t it
Mt JO.iN:ON of MaryknJ sn! tha' if he un-
e"r on\ Ü " pai'nmentary b " rb. <-h the Sneaker
had (tedid d 'u be in 'ortt, he que tion would first
b   tiki a op hismo'ion
Mr LVERETT oíTer-.I some remarts which
were not ufficrntly understood by ¡He Rtpoiter to
friable him to «ive them
Mt CÜSHING thought that ^w misapprehen-
sion migm exist as to the merits of the question, in
consequence ot the mann r m winch his colleague
had stated it.   The case was s.mplj this.   Wa^
