4
continued to vouchsafe to us the eminent blessings
■which surround us, and who has so signally crowned
the year with his goodness. If we find ourselves
increasing, beyond example,in numbers, in strength,
in wealth, in knowledge, m every thing which pro-
motes human and social happiness, let us ever re-
member our dependence, for all thebe, on ihe pro-
tection and merciful dispensations of Divme Pro-
vidence.
Smceyonr last adjournment, Alexander McLeod,
a Bnlish subjpet, who was indicted for the murder
of an American citizen, and whose case has been
t íe subjf ct of a correspondence heretofore commu-
nicated to you, has been acquitted by ihe verdict
of an impartial and intelligent jury, and ha*, under
taejudgment of the court, been regularly discharged
Great Britain having made known to this Go-
vernment that ihe expedition which was fined out
from Canada for (he destruction of the steamboat
Caroline, in the winter of 1837, and which resulted
in the destruction of e.?id boa', and in the death of
an American ci'izsn, was undertaken b> orders
emanating from Ihe authorises of the British Go-
vernment in Canada, and demanding the discharge
of McLeod, upon the ground that, if epgased in
that expeoition, he did but fulfil the orders of bis
Govermn"n', ha-? thus b eo atswrrcdm e oi'y
way m v/a rh shi ccull be answered by a Govern-
ment, th  powers of wh'ch are distnbuted pmonj
itsse-eral depsr m"nt5 by the fundamental Jiw.
Happily fot the peop'e f f Great Er.i i", *,s well as
those of the Um'f d S'ates, ihe only m< de by which
an mdiviiual, ariaigned for a en * ma) oif°rce, be-
fore the courts of either, fin ob'Ein his discharge,
is by the independent pction of the judicaty, and
by proceedings equally familiar to the courts of
both couturier.
If m Gieat Britain a power ex'.ts in the eiown
to cause to be entered a nolle prosequi, which is not
the case with the Executive pow>r of the United
S'ates upon a prosecution pending in a Siate cour;
yet there, no more than here, can the rn ,,f Execu-
tive power rescue a prisoner from custody Without
an order of the proper tribunal directing ms dis-
charge. The precise stage of t>>e prtceedings at
■which such order m y be mad', is a mattei of mu-
nicipal regulation exclusively, and not to be com-
plained of by any other Government. In cases
of this kind, a Government becomes pol tical'y re-
sponsible only, wtien its tribunals of last resonare
shown to have rendered unjust and injurious judg-
ments in matters not doubtiul. To the establish-
ment and elucidation of this principle, no na'ion
has lent us authority more efficiently than Great
Britain. Alexander McLeod having his option
either to piosicute a win of error from the deci
sion of the Supreme Court cf New York, wh eh
had been rend ud u, on his application ft i a dis-
charge, to the Supreme Court of ihe United S tics,
or to submit his ca5e to the decision of a jury, pie-
farred the laiUr, deeming it the readiest mode of
obtaining h s liberation; and the result has fully
sustained the w sdom of his cooice. Th manner
in wh ch the ¡«sue submitted was tried, will satisfy
the English Government that the principles of ju -
tica will never fid to govern the enlightened deci-
sion of an Acif-ncim tribunal I cannot fa 1, how-
however, to s igke>t to Congress the propriety, and
in some drgre  the ntCíSMj, of making such pro
visions by Uw, >o r?r as tn y may constitutionally
do so, for the removal, it t-eir cnmmtncermn*,
and at the opt on of the partj, of all srch calesas
may hereafter arise, und which ira/ mvo ve the
faithiul observ >nce anl execu ion of our intent
tional c bligatu ns, f'om tm tí att to the Fedeial
Judiciary Th s Government hy our ,n't'ti lions,
is charged with ihe mpintersai a of p^ace and he
preservaron of ?micalle rela'ions v/ith ho nation
of the earth, ai  1 oj'-ht to pos e.s, <v thoot qijfs.
tion, all tie reas "ab'e and p"op r mentis of main-
taining ihe one an ' pre er< i g he other Whilst
just conn lene  is i"V ¡n thejud ci ry of the S ate ,
yet this Government ought to be com )'fent n it-
self ior the niifilment of the hi.h du w- which Ime
been deyelved upon it under ¡he organic ¡aw, by
the States themselves
In the month of September, a parly of armed
men from Upper Canada invaded 'the territory of
the United States, and forcibly seized upon the
CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.
person of one Grogan, and, under circumstances
of great harshness, hurriedly carried him beyond
the limits of the United S ates, and delivered him
up to the authorities of U[>per Canada. His ím-
media e discharge was ordered by those authorities,
upon the fects of the case being brought to their
knowledge—a course of procedure which w s to
have been expected from a nation with whom we
are at peace, and which was not more due to the
rights of the Uni'ed States than to its own regard
for justice. The correspondence which passed be-
tween the Department of State and the British En-
voy, Mr, Fox, and wnh the Governor of Vermont,
as si on as the facts had been made knov a to this
Department, are herewith communicated.
I regret that it is not in my power to make known
tojou an equally sa'i^factory conclusion in the
case of the Caroline steamer, with the circum-
stances connected with the destruction of which,
m December, 1837, by an arm°d force fitted out
in the Province of Upper Can?da, you are already
made acquamted. No such atonement as was due
for the public wrong done to the United States by
this invasion of her territory, so wholly irreconcila-
ble with her righ's as an independent power, has
\et been mat'e. In the vnw taken by this Go-
vpfmen', die mquiiy v>hnh r the vessel was m
the employment of those who were prosecuting an
unauthorized war agamst that Provine, or was
rng ged by the ovier m ihe business of transport-
i g passengers to and from Navy Island m hopes
of pntate gam, which was most probably the
cas-, 11 no degree alters the real qu^s'ion at i«sue
between the two Governments. This Govern-
ment can never concede to any foreign Govern-
ment the poner, except in a case of the most ur-
gent and extreme necessity, of invading its terri-
tory, either to arrest the persons or destroy the pro-
perty of tnose •« ho may have violated the munici-
pal laws of such foreign Government, or have
disregarded their obligations arising under the law
of nation . The territory of the United States must
be regarded as sacredly secure against all such in-
vasions, until they shall voluntarily acknowledge
their inability to atquit themselves of their duties
to others. And in announcing this sentiment, I do
but affirm a principle which no nation on earlh
would bf more readv to virdtcate, at all hazards,
than 'he people and Government of Great Bntam.
If, upon a full investigation of all the facts, it
shall appear that the owner of the Caroline was
governed by a hostile intent, or had made com-
mon cause with those who were in the occupancy
of Navy Island, then, --o far as he is concerned,
there < ai Le Do clara to ndemmty for the destruc
tion of his bet, v .¡ch this Government would feel
itself bound to prosecute—since he would have
sored not onH m deroga'ion of the rights of Great
Bri'am, but in clrar violation of the laws of
the Ü ited States, but that i, a que-tion which,
howpver settled, m no mauner mvoj/es tne
hifher consid*rdUon ot the vio'ation of territorial
sovereignty an 1 jnusd'c<io . To recognise it as
an admissible practice that each government in
Us ¡urn, upon any sudden and unauthoriz°d out-
break, which, on a frontier, the extent ot winch
lendeis it impossible for enher to have an efficient
force on every mile of it, and which outbreak,
therefoie, i either may be able to suppress ia a day,
may take vergtance into us own hand<, and wi h
out even a reinons'rance, and in the absence of
any pressing tr overruling necessity, may invade
the tetii ory of the othei, would inevitably lead to
results equai y to be dtplored by boih. When
boidcr colisjons come to receiv* the sanction or
to be made on 'he au hcrily of either Government
general war nrn t be the inevitable result. Wbi¡e'
it is t1 e ardent de ire of the Un te 1 States to culti-
vate the relations of peace with all nations, and to
fulfil all tho dunes of good neighooreood towards
fose who po se s ("rntones adjoining their own,
that very desne wou'd lead them to deny the right
of any foreign power to invade their boundary wnh
an arned force. The conespondence between the
two Goveinm nts tn this subject, will, at a future
day of your session, te submitted to your conside-
ration; and m the mean time, I canaot bat induce
the hope that the British Government will see the
propriety cf renouncing, as a rule of future action,
111             '   '    '"    r          LJ     '     r "                      '    '   '       ' ...  '
the precedent which has been set in the affair at
Sehlosser.
I herewi h submit the correspondence which has
recently taken place between the American Minis-
ter it the Court of St James, Mr. Stevenson, and
the Minister of Foreign Affairs of that Govern-
ment, on the right claimed by that Government to
visit and detain vessels sailing under the American
flag, and engaged in prosecuting lawful commerce
in the African seas. Our commercial interests in
that region have experienced considerable mci ease,
and have become an object of much importance,
and it is the duty of this Government to protect
them against all improper and vexa'ious interrup-
tion. However desirous the United States may be
for the suppression of the slave trade, they cannot
consent to interpolations into the maritime code, at
fie mere will and pleasure of other Governments.
We deny the right of any such interpolation to
any one, or all the nations of the earlh, without
our consent. We claim to have a voice in all
amendments or alterations of that code—and when
we are given to understand, as in this instance, by
a foreign Government, that its treaties with other
nations cannot be executed without the establish-
meni and enforcement < f new principles of mari-
time pol ce, to be applied wiihout our consent, we
must emplov a language neither of equivocal im-
port, or susceptible of misconstruction. American
citizens* prostiuting a lawful commerce in the
African seas, under the flag of their coun'ry, are
nnt rc ponsible for the abuse or unlawful use of
that flag by others; nor can tb*y rmhtfally, on ac-
count ot any such alleged abuses, be interrupted,
molested or detained while on the ocean, and if
thus molested and detained, while pursuing honest
voyages, ia the usual way, and violating no law
themselves, they are unquestionably entitled to in-
demnity. Thu Government has manifested its re-
pugnance to the slave trade, in a manner which
cannot be misunderstood. By its fundamental
Iíw, it pies nbed limi's in point of time to its con-
tinuance; and against its own cit zens, who might
so far forget the rights of humanity as to engage in
that wicked traffic, it has long since, by its muni-
cipal laws, denounced the most condign punish-
ment M my of ihe Stales composing thiá Union
had made appeals to the civilized world for its
suppression, long before the moral sense of other
nations had become shockej by the iniquities of the
traffic. Whether this Government should now en-
ter into treaties crntainmg mu ual stipulations upon
this subject, is a questioa for i s mature delibera-
tion Certain n is, that if ihe right to detain
American ships on the high seas can be justified on
the plea of a necessity for such detention, arising
out of the existence of treaties between other na-
tions, the same plea may be extended and enlarged
by the new stipulations of new treaties, to which
the Unitrd States may not be a party. This Go-
vernment wi 1 not cease lo urge upon that of Great
Britain fui! and ample r munerauon for all losses,
wneiher arising from detention or otherwise, to
which American citizens have heretofore been, or
may hereafter be sutjected, by the exercise of rights
which tnis Government eannot recognise as lesiti-
mate and proper. Nor will I mdu'ge a donbtlbnt
that the sen-e of justice of Great Britain will con-
strain her to make retribution for any wrong, or
loss, wh ch any American citizen, engaged m the
prosecution of lawlui commerce, may have expe-
nenced at the hand of hercru sers, or other public
authorities. This Government, at the same lime,
will reiax no effort to prevent i's cit^n -, if there
be any so dispose!, from prosecuting a traffic so
revolting io the feelings of humanity. It seeks to
do no more than to pro ect the fan and honest tra-
der from mo estaiion and injury , but while the
enterprismg manner, engaged m the pursuit of an
nonorable trade, ísentuled to its piotection, it will
i with rond,gn punishment other  of an oppo-
site character.
I invite jour atteniion to existing laws for the
suppression of the African slave trade, and recom-
mend all such alteration, as may give to then 
gteater force and efficacy. That in  American flag
is grossly abused by the abandoned and profligate
of other nations, is but too probable. Congress
has, not long sinse, had ihis subject under its eon-
A-
