CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            #,
sideration, and its importance well justifies renew-
ed and anxious attention.
I also communicate herewith the copy oí a cor-
respondence betweea Mr. Stevenson and Lord Pal-
merston, upon the subject, so interesting to several
of the Southern States, of the rice duties, which
resulted honorably to the justice of Great Biitaia,
and aávantageously to the United S ates.
At the opening of the last annual session, the
President informed Congress c f the progress which
had then been made m negotiating a convention
between this Government and that of England,
with a view to the final settlement of the question
of the boundary bettven the territorial limi,i of the
two countries. I regret to say that hole further
advancement of the object has been accomplished
since la-.t year; but this is owing to circumstances no
way indicative of any abatement oí the debite of
both parties to hasten the negotiation to its conclu-
sion, and to settle the question in dispute as early
as possible. In the course of the session, it is my
hope to be able to announce some further degree
of progress towards the accomplishment of this
highly desirable end.
The commission appointed by this Government
for the exploration and survey of the line of boun-
dary separating the States of Maine and New
Hampshire from the conterminous Briti-.h Pro-
vinces is, it is believed, about ts close its field la-
bors, and is expected toon to report the results of
its examinations to the Department of State The
report, when received, will be aid beiore Con-
gress.
The failure on the part of Spain to pay, with
punctuality, the interest due under the Convention
of 1834, for the settlement of claims between the
two countries, his made it the duty of the Execu-
tive to call the particular attention of that Govern-
ment to the subject. A dUpO'-iiion has been ma-
nifested by it, which is bchsved to be eniLely Sin-
cere, to fulfil its obligation?, in this respect, so soon
as its internal condition -ind the state of its finances
will permit. An arrangement is in progress, ¡rom
the result of which, it is trusted that those ot our
citizens who have claims under the Convention,
will, at no distant day, receive the stipulated pay-
ments.
A Treaty of Commerce and Navigation with
Belgium was concluded and signed at \Va>h:ngtcn
on the 29th March, 1340, and was culy s< nctioned
by the Senate of the United Stiles. Tae treaty
was ratified by His Belgian Majesty, bed d d not
receive the approbation of the Belgan Chatnbers
within the time limited by its term-', and has,
therefore, become void.
This occurrence assumes the graver aspect fiom
the consideraron that, in 1833, a treaty negotiated
between the t«o G-'Vírnrut-iv-í, and ratified on me
part ot ihe United S:a e?, laded to be ¡atified on
the part of Belgium. The Repre en;au/e of that
Government, at Washioglon, informs ¡he Depart-
ment of State that he has b.en instructed to give
explaaa'ion< ot the cau-es which occ_-.or.rd Je ?y
in the approval oí the late Treaty by me Legisla-
ture, and to exp.e>s the rig ret o; tf.e King at the
occurrence.
The joitttcommission under ihe Convention with
Texas, to ascertain the true boundary between the
two countries, has concluded its labors; but the
final report of the commissioner of the United
States has not been recti ved. It is uudeiaiocd,
however, that the meridian line, as naced by the
commii-sion, lies somewhat funtT East than the
position hithetto generally assigned to n, ami,
consequently, includes tn Texas some fart of i c
territory which had been considered as t'.longing
to the States ot Louisiana axil ÁtKaas.-s.
The United Spates cannot bat take-id.e.i ¡me-
rest in wha'ever tela e« to this young, but siow.ag
Republic. SettKl principally by emigrcirs iivm
the United Slates, we hive the happir.e.-s io know,
that ine great principhs of civil lihcty are there
destined to tl >uri.-h, under wife innilut-rtis and
wholesome law.-; anil that, thronah its example,
another evidence is to be afforded of die capacity
of popular institutions to advance the prosperity,
happiness, and perman'a, glory ot the human
race. The great mv.b, ibat government was made
(ot ihe people, and not the people for government,
has already been established in the practice and
by the ei?mple of these United Spates; and we
can do no o'her than contemplate its further ex-
emplification by a sister RcpubK;, vci.h the deepest
interest.
Oar relations with the independent States of this
hemisphere, formerly under the dominion of Spain,
have not undergone any material change within
the present year-. The incessant sanguinary con-
flicts in, or between, those countries, are to be
greatly deplored, as necessarily tending to disable
them from performing their dutiesas members of
the community of nations, and rising to 'he destiny
which the position and natural resources of many
of them m!ght lead them justly to ai.ticipate, as
constantly gtving occasion, also, riircrtly or ínii-
rectly, for complaints on the part of our citizens
who resort thither for purposes of commercial in-
tercourse, and as retarding reparation for wrongs
already committed, some of which are by no means
of recent date.
The failure of the Congress of Ecuador to hold
a session, at the time appointed for that purpose, in
January last, will probably render abortive a
treaty of commerce with that Republic, which was
signed at Cluito on the 13th of June, 1839, and
had been duly ratified on our part, but which re-
quired the approbation of that body, prior to its
ratification by the Ecuadorian Esecutive.
A convention which has been concluded with
the Republic of Peru, providing for the settlement
of certain claims of citizens of the United States,
upon the Government of that Republic, wilt be
duly submitted to the Senate.
The claims of our citizens against the Brazilian
Government, originating írom captares, and other
causes, are still Jinsaiis&cd. Trie United Svtes
have, however, sj tttt'crmly sho*n a di "osidon
to cultivate rtlafonsof amity v ih ¡.-a' ¡In,,:.*,
that it is he ped, the unequivocal tofce'-, e. -h-, t.une
spirit towards us, which an adjustment ot tne af-
fairs reierrej to would afford, will be given with-
out further avoidable delay.
The war with the Indiin tribes on the peninsula
of Florida has, during the last summer and fail,
been prosecuted with  untiring acini y and zeai.
A summer campaign was resolved up in as the test
mode oi brm; iug it to a close.    Oar brave officer?
and men who have been ei gaged in  that service,
have suffered toils and pnviticns, and exhibited
an energy, vhich,  in  an) other « ar, would have
won lor t&em unfading burets.    In d spr.e of i^e
s.cknejs incidetif to  n.e chmae, tl.ev   have pene-
trated  the   fastnesses of  the Indians, brotren up
, their   encampments,  and  harassed   tnem uncea-
| singly.    Numbeis   have been  captured, and ¡ tfl
i greater number;- have eurrindered, ¿a¿ .live been
I tratisr-ot-ed to join their brethren en the tanas e-i-e-
' where allotted to them by the Government—a&d a
strong hope ic entertained tna;, undei the' cc.iid-ee.1
of the «allanl officer at the head oí ,Le  ¡reoiis n
Fioiida, that  troublesome atid   expen.-ive   wat  i-
destitiett to  a  sp.edy   terniiaa ton.    V." th  t-,!t dp
¡j ether Indian tabes wo a-.t er.]v-:ag the ¡M2oS,i.gs of
''■ p;ace.    Our   duty, as wed as ovr   best  interests,
prompt us to observe, in all >r:i in'.ereour-e'.>..h
them, fidelity la   fulfilling our   cneasements, the
practise of sti>ct justice, >s well ss ihecoü.-ran: ex-
ercise of acts cf tenevolence and kindness.   These
are  the  gteat  instruments   of  G.viitzauon,   in'
through the u'-e of the-n alone, can the  untutored
ceipts into the Treasury, during the first three
quarters of this year, from all sources, amsttnt to
$•23.467.072 52. The estimated receipts for the
lounh quarter amount to f 6,943,095 25, amount- '
ing to §30,410,167 77; and making, with the ba-
lance in ihe Treasury, on the first of January Jasi,
§-31,397,512 80. Tue expenditures for the first
tnree quarters of this year amount to #34,734,-
34G 97. The expenditures for the fourth quarter,
as estimated, will amount to $7 290,723 73—thus
making a total of $32,025,070 70; and leaving a,,
deficit to be provided lor, on the first of January
next, of about $627,557 90.
Of the loan of $12,000,000, which was autho-
red by Congress at its late session, only $5,432,-
726 83 hive been negotiated. The shortness of
time whbh it had to run has presented no inconsi-
derable impediment in the way of its being taken
by capitalists at home, while the same cause would
have operated with much greater force in the fo«
reign market. For that reason the foreign market
has not been resorted to; and it is now submitted,
whether it would not be advisable to amend th«
lav/ by making what remains undisposed of, pay-
able at a more distant day.
Should it be necessary,  in any view that Con-
gress may take of the subject, to revise the existing
tariff of duties, 1 beg leave to say, that, in ihe p«r-
formance of that most delicate operation, moderate
coun-els would seem to be the wisest.   The  Go-
vernment undu- which it is our happiness to live,
owes its  existence to   the   spirit   of compromise
which prevailed among its framers—jarring and
discordant opinions could only have been recon-
ciled by that  noble  spirit  of patriotism, -which
prompted conciliation, and resulted in harmony,
la the same spirit the  Compromise bill,   as   it is
eoTimonlv called, was adopted at the session of
1533    White the people of  no portion of the
Uiiton   v. lit   ever   hssiiate  to pay all necessary
taxe>o for the support of Government, yet an in-
nate repúgnanos exists, to the imposition of bur-
thens not ready necessary for that object.   In im-
posing duties, however, for the purposes of reve-
nue, a right to discriminate as to the articles on
I which the duty shall be laid, as well as the amount,
| necessarily and most properly exists.   Otherwise
i  the Gov nim;nl\iosld be placed ¡n the condition.
i  o: having to levy the same duties apon ail arti-
cles, the prodti ttve, as well as the unproductive.
The .-lightest duty upen tome, might   have   the
effect   of causing   'heir   importation   to   cease,
i  whereas o hers emenrg extensively into the con-
j  sumption oi  the country, might baar theheaviest,
:  wvuout any sen<tble diminution in the amount im-
po.t^d.   So at.o the Government may be justified
m sodt-ernntnai.e.g, by ref-.iesce toother con?i-
íi<\v.-í.i¡s of ¿«alie policy connected with our
i  mstiU-"aeti.:es.    So  long as the duties shall be laid
wi.ti;
fury.
i-.t met
A¿
I.--ye t
ello r.bu:
jitr^tiCe to ¡he wants of the Trea-
-i-mded t.l-jecttor. can exist against
. ue c-tee vt^d des table that no such.
Í .he i^ass should take place as
a cit~c.'.t oí a'.Gliding the land pro-
r.; ac". of the last se:s:ou, which act
i- elec arej to be
are inrrt.ucd hf
r«te eotaoiithed í
no prevision  oi
¡.operative toe moment the duties
.¡Eel 20 per cent, the maximum
i ¡he Compromise act. Some of
the Compromise act, which will
l-e
■ te-a^

child of the fore
i'lgs.
Ihe Secretar1.'o: Sta'e ci
Confess have d-volved the
i pioceevii-.g-; tor the takü-f. ;
I caurjeratKuitif t.;e inhab.!..'.
;  will report t > the .seo H-^u-e-
; work.   Tnc-eiiun.c-rs.ie-'a i-f
pi. ted, and t'ihi -in a "j'att.l
'  i.tauin : an ioetea-r   over th
4,202 t;'itl  mhalst'a-its,   rtt.tt s -owm
ra-'o ettceedme 32Í eirr en-', f. r t'-.e
From the repc: of the fv-cretar'
rv, yon will  be u:i'orii>t'd cf the c
f.nauc. s    The balarte   in the
first of January last, as stated in
Secretary of ihe Treasury, submitted to Congtes-
at the Extra Session, was #987,345 03.   Tac re-
i-o;- .
he r.e-i-"
(Mi
Ce
O : ..ii.-, or
t.l.si State;,
.ess of that
s -\-tn com-
17.üljO,4J3;
of 1Í3Ü ..•
. ea-n in a
¡t t -n yesrs.
th" 7ie>";-
.tlt'Q o: tUa
Yrea-ury or. the
the- repoa of the
<,0 ¿yo eñ'^ct en the 30th day of June next,may,
Vnvver, be found exceedingly inconvenient in
r-(e;iác ettd.i ¿ny itgulatioBS that Congress may
" *"'l i.-ier ¿ore j arncuiarly to that relating to
-.> vatu.-tien.' A diffeience in value ef the
- i>- ■ artiel. s to some extent, wifl, necessarily,
eVú'^'d-'á-rent pon.— but thai is altogether ia-
,',-V,i-'".*,-t wi-.su' c-jinrared with the conflicts in
-& -'",' o:> 'which are Itkety to arise, from the dif-
,-->' ,.- * of op'--iioa among the numerous apprats-
'"-s" Tf ir -c'ti-irdise. In many instances the esti-
•>'.V- cf'vú'ue mnstbecoojtclural, and thus as
.*'-;" - i'iílt t ."nt rates „i value may be established as
,"•"""-->■,■ a>;- raisers. These differences in valua-
I'1'11 !''f.-'.-,:so 'he incrcrei v.y the mclinatioD,
w.-.'ch, v.ithout the s.
h-in.stv, may arise on .
f l,r if "-ei respective, ports of entry. I recora-
x*       -  '   •  •   --'-■.....'■■- considerattoiiof
d tl.
Oon$resJ:
men
;;atiie.-i imputation on their
tie part ot ihe appraisers in
ei'r respective, ports of entry.
sins whoW eebjtci ¡o ilia
'with a-mgieadditional remark.   C!«F-
