CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9
"THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE
"Will be printed at this office in pamphlet form,
io large type, making sixteen pages, at ¿2 per hun-
dred eopies.
"We expect to be able to furnish every person
■who may subscribe for it before 12 o'clock, in. to-
morrow, with fifty or one hundred copies, within
one hour after it shall have been read in Congress,
and as many copies as may be desired early the
neitday.
"A notice that we intend to publish the Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix for the session, will be
printed on the outside of the last page of the co-
ver."
Accord'ng to our notice, we printed the message,
and printed, on the outside of ¡be last page of trie
c^ver, a nonce that we ¡atended to print, this ses-
sion, the CcscRES'toNAL Globe and Appendix,
during the session, for §1 each, which contain no-
thing but the proceedings of Congress and the speeches
made by the members. When thu me«age was de-
livered to the House, we did not know what was
in it, (for we had not read if, ncr heard it read,) I
nor did ¡he Prk.-ident know what was on it, un-
less he learned ¡t by reading ¡he Giobe of yes-
terday.
This expianation is necessary to enable the read-
ers of the proceedings of Congress to underüa.id,
correctly, the grounds of Mr. Mason's remarks.
Ed Globe ]
Mr. JOHNSON'of Maryland called the atten-
tion of the House to the  resolution submitted by ;
him  yesterday, on which the question  was ;.et i
pending.    If this difCU=sion continued, he saw no ;
proipect of genie? at that question to-day.                1
The SPEAKER then put the question on Mr. :
Wise's mo'ion; when                                                ¡
Mr. WILLIAMS of North Carolina called for ',
a divi<ion, to a-- to ¡ake the q ¡estion first on laying ;
the message on ¡he tabie, and printing it; andafter- !
wards on" prin ing the 10,000 extra copies with j
the accompanying documents; which was ordered, j
The question was first put and carried on laying Í
¡he message on  the table, and ordering it to be
printed; and then                                                      !
The resolution to print 10,000 extra copies, with
the documents, was also carried.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland then Cilled up his
resolution a-, the unfinished business.
Mr. FILLMORE asked the gentleman to modify
bis resolution, so as to limit it as to time, and to
provide for takia;; op the r;port of the Committee
on the Rules, and makinr. it the order of the day
till disposed of. Unless this were done, be saw no
prospect of getting at an amendment of the rules
after the adoption of the resolution.
After oome remarks from Messrs. JOHNSON,
ADAMS, and PROFFIT,
Mr. JOHNSON modified his resolution, by adJ-
ing toit a provision making the report of ths Com-
mittee on the Rules the order of the day for Thurs-
day next, and lor every day thereafter ti'.l dispo:ed
of-                                        .
Tbe motion !or the previous question was then
carried.
Mr. FILLMORE called for the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the resolution; which were ac-
cordingly ordered.
The question was th*n taken and carried in the
EtTirnia'ivc-—ve- s 97, nays 95, as follows:
YEAS—-Ve'srs. Lanrtaff W. Andrews, Ather-
 on, B*n< n, Rt'on, Bidlack, Boyd. Aaron V.
Brown, Milton Brown, Burke, William O. BnHcr,
Caldwell, John Campbell, William B. Campbell,
Thomas J Oarr.i beli. Caruth°rs, Clifford, Coles,
Panvl, Gairet: Davis Dawson, Dean, Deberrv,
Ea.iman, Je.hn C. Edwards, Charles A. Floyd,
Fornar.ce, Gentry. (Jerry, Gilmer, Goggtn, Wil-
liam o Goodi'. Graham, Green, Habrr>hr,m,
Ha\s Hopkir-s Huf.ck, Hou.ston, Hnbard, Hun-
ter "jack, William Cost Jthn>on, Cave Johnson,
John W. Jones Isaac D. Jones Keim, John P.
Kennedy. Line, Abraham McCloUan, Marchan.1,
Mathews, MkIiIi, Menselher, Miller, Meore, Mor-
row, Newhard, Owsley, Payne, t'earce, Pope,
Powell Proflit, Alexander Randall, Rayner, Re-
ding Rhett, Riegs, Rodney, Shsw, Shepperd, Sny-
der, Sollers, Stauly, Steenrod, John T. Stuart,
Summers, Sumter, Sweney, Taliaferro, John B.
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Triple , Turney,
Van Burén, Wallace, Ward, Washington, Wat-
terson, Weller, Wesibrook, James W. Williams,
Lewis Williams, Christopher H. Williams, Joseph
L Williams, and Wise—97.
NAYS —Messrr. Adams, Sherlock, J Andrews,
Arneld, Aycrigg, Babcock, Barnard, Blair, Board-
man, Borden, Botts, Bowne, Brewster, Brigas,
Brockway, Charles Brown, Burael), Calhoun,
Casey, Childs, Chi tenden, John C. Clark, Staley
N. Clarke, Clinton, Cooper, Cowen, Cranston,
Cashing, Richard D. Davis, Doig, John Edwards,
Everett, Fessefidcn, Fillmore, John (jr. Floyd, A.
Lawrence Foster, G-.tts, Gidding.-, Patrick Gr.
Goode, Gordon, Granger, Hal', Halsted, William
S. Hastings, Henry, Howard, Hudson, Hunt,
James Irvin, William W. Irwin, James, Andrew
fiennedv, Lawretice, Linn, Lutiefield, Lo-seil,
Robert McClellan, Alfred Marshall, Samson Ma-
son, Ma'hiot, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynard. Mor-
ns, Osborne, Paraienter, Par'ridge, Pendleton,
Plumer, Rsmsay, Benjamin Randall, Randolph,
Reynolds, Ridgway, Roosevelt, Russell, Salionstall,
Sanford.Simonion, Siade, T. Smi'h, Swkely, Strat-
ton, Alexander H. H. Stoart, Richard W. Thomp-
son, Tillinghast, Toland, Toralinson, Trumbull,
Underwood, Thomas W. Williams, Wimbrop,
Wood, Yorke, Augustus Young, and John Young
__95.
On motion by Mr. FILLMORE,
Ordered, That the hour of meeting be 12 o'clock
at noon, till fur'h'r ordered.
On mo'ion by Mr. ANDREWS,
The House ar-journed.
IN SENATE,
Wedne !)av, December 8.1841-
The Senate me: :.t 12 f.'cuck. The following
Senators in adri Kn to ihose already reported, ap-
peared in their seais, viz:
Mr. KING of Alabama.
Mr. BARROW of Louisiana.
Mr. CHOATE of Massachusetts.
Mr. DIXON of Rhode Island.
Mr. BERRIEN of Georgia.
Mr. MILLER, of New Jersey.
The proceedings of vesterdav having been read,
On motion of Mr. ARCHER,
Resolved, That two Chaplains be elected for the
present «-ession of Congress, one for each House,
who shall interchange services.
Mr. HUNTINGTON inquired of the Chair
whether there was any business before the Senate.
The CHAIR replied in the negative.    •
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON,
The Senate at 121 o'clock adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday. December 8, 1841.
On nation by Mr. TILLINGHAST,
Ordend, That a committee of three members
be appointee1, who sbali, sa conjunction with such
roinu.ittee a; rray be ajTomiei on the part cf the
Senate, direct the expend ture of all moneys that
may be appropriated fer the Library of Con-
gress.
Mr. GILMER announced the attendance of the
Hon. William Smith, elected a representative
t'om tbe State of Viramia, to supply the vacancy
occasioned by the ristgtia'ion cf the Hon, Linn
Banks.
Mr. SMITH  ivas  then qualified and toon his
'CH'.
Mr. FILLMORE a-kctl if the first rusjne-ss in
o der was not the reierci ce of th~ President's
Messr.gr.
IVlr/CLlFFORD presumed that petitions wcie
th * fir?t in order.
The SPEAKER replied ihatih?y were,
Mr. CARUTHERS ínfcitr-cd the House that a
depute, of an amicable nature, had arisen between
himself and a gentleman from Louisiana. [Mr.
Daws.>! ,] respecting their tight io ihe s-at that
had, at the last sesión, be in ocr u rued bv the Hon.
John Serian', and that the) had agreed :o submit
the matter in depute to the House. He, Mr. C.
claimed the seat on the ground ¡bat previous to
ihe resignation of Mr. Sergeant, he bad exchanged
seats with that gentleman, and had placed his
name on the seat he had taken in exchange. Since
¡hat time the gentleman irom Louisiana, consider-
ing his claim an unsound one, had erased his
name and placed his own in its stead. In order to
bring the subject properly under the notice of the
House, he would submit a motion that his right to
the seat beiecognised by the House.
Mr, DAWSON said he claimed the seat under'
the rute of tbe House which provided that mem-
bers had a right to take possession of any unoccu- ■
pted seats, while his competitor claimed it on the
ground of transfer, which was not sanctioned by
any rules of that body. He admitted that
two members might exchange seats with each
other for the;r mutual convenience, but de-
nied the right of any member who was about
leaving the body to transfer his seat to another,
ur.d.r the pretext of an exchange. Such transfers
he looked upon as unwarrantable, partial, and un-
just.
Mr. CHARLES BROWN said he should raise
a claim to the seat of a different character. It be-
longed, in his opinion, to the successor of Mr. Ser-
geant.
Mr. CARUTHERS said that the gentleman
from Louisiana admitted the right of members to
exchange seats with each other; and ¡berefore his
claim was a sound one, for Mr. Sbucbast made
the exchange while he was a member of tbe body,-
and while he had a rght to do so. We both
agreed, said Mr. C. that <-ome precedent ought to
be set in regard to the exchange of seats; and we,
therefore, agreed to submit the matter to the
House.
Mr. C. BROWN then submitted the fallowieg
resolution as an amendment to the motion of Mr.
Caruthers:
P.esohed, That seats becoming unoccupied by
the death or resignation of an; member, shall be
reserved for the use of the successor of such mem-
bets.
The SPEAKER said that the amendment was
not in order.
Mr. GORDON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was also declared to be out of order:
Resolved, That this House will proceed to-mor-
row morning to draw by lot for the seats in this
hail.
Mr. STANLY offered ¡he following asasob-
siilute for tbe motion of Mr. Cakcthers, which
tvas accepted by the latter:
Resolved, That ihe Hon. Robert L. CiauTHERS
is eatttled to the seat occupied during the last ses-
sion by the Hon. John Sesgeakt, it appearing to
the House that ths Hon. John Sergeant and the
Hon. R. L. Caruthers exchanged seats prior to
the close of the last session—a cussom which has
heretofore been usual among members of the
House.
Mr. C. BROWN moved to amend the resolu-
tion by sinking out ite name of Mr. Caruthers,
and providing that (he feat be reserved for the suc-
cessor of Mr. Sergeant. Mr. B. said he was op-
posed to the claim oi tbe gentleman from Tennes-
see, became it would establish an injurious prece-
dent in allowing members abv-ut to Fave the House
to transfer to another the seats which they held lot
for their own benefit, bat for tbe benefit of their
constituents. It was unjust to all the other mem-
bers nottc al'ow them an equal chance of obtain-
ira a desirable seat. He admittsd the right of
members io exchange seats with each other when
they bo'h intend to use them in good faith; but be
■was opnosed to this kind of jockeying, by which a
mei-ibe' wlu is about to ruire, can make a private
arrangement with one of his friends to give him a
better seat.
Mr SL\DEsaid that he did not recognise the
root of a member to transfer his seat to another,
bat «hen he abandoned it, the first applicant had a
risht t« take it. He would prefer putting the ques-
tiou on that foctiag to the one in the resolution of
tne -entleman from North Carolina. Mr. S. said
lhafhewiihed to express the fact «th* the said
t HS Sergeíiít had abandoned said seat, and that
the «ame was thereupon taken by the said Robert
L CiaoTHKt5-" Tt)is he believed was fb.9 state
of'the facts, and he would offer an amendment t«
