10
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that effect. Mr. S. accordingly offered his amend-
ment, but it was rejected without a count.
Mr BIDLACK moved to po tpone the further
consideration of the «abject, believing that there
was a disposition in the House to assign the mem-
bers their seats by lot; which motion was rejected.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stanly's
motion, and it was carried—yeas 122, nays 51.
Mr. STOKELY offered the following r^olunon,
which was deeided to be not m order:
Re$olved, That all the seats m this House be
numbered, and that the numbers be placed in a
box and drawn for respectively—each member oc-
cupying for the present session the number drawn
by htm.
Mi. BRIGGS submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, The Senate concurring, that two Chap-
lains, of different denomination", be elected by
Congress, one by each House, to serve during the
present sesnon, who snail interchange weekly.
Mr. YORKE submitted the following resolution,
which was also considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That trie Clerk cause to be famished
to the membeis o£ this Hols-, during the present
session, such paper* as they may direct, the ex-
pense thereof not to exceed ihe price of three daily
papers, to each member, from the commencement
of the session
Mr. ADAMS wished to know whether the
standing committees had been appointed, because
when petitions were prefer ted, it was necessary to
refer them to «ome commit ee
The SPEAKER rep^ed ¡ at the committees had
not yet been appointed, and he was about to sug-
gest to the House that the presentation of petitions
had beacr be postponed till the committees were
announced.
On motion by Mr F.LYLORE,
The House adjourned
IN SüNATE,
Thürcday, December 9, 1841.
The Senate met at 12 o'clock. Tne following
Senators, in addition to those already announced,
appeared in their seáis, v ?
Mr MERRICK, „f Maryland.
Mr SIMMONS, of Rhode Island.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, oí M'chigan.
Mr. B4YARD mored th?t when the Senate ad-
journ, it adjourn til! Monday next, to pfford time
to ocganizMhe commi"ets    Agreed to.
CH motion of Mr. WRIGHT,
Reached, That the 34 h rule of the Senate regu-
lating the election of comm'ttee^, be so far suspend-
ed, that the presiding cffieer shall have the
appointment of a'1 die sta&dng commuteeo of the
Senate.
Mr MANGUM moved hat tV Senate adjourn.
Agreed  to
The Senate then adjourred till Monday next at
12 o'clock.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, D-c 9, 1841
Mr T0LA1ND announced ihe Bu«ndance of the
honorable Joseph R tstGEEsUL, elected a Repre-
sentative from ihe State of Pennsylvania, to suoply
the vacancy ncvsioned by he re«ignat on of the
honorable John Sjrgiunt, and moved that he be
qualified.
Mr. INGERSOLL was then qual tied, and took
Kt<;      £P31
Mr. FILLMORE sail it hisoccvri'l to him
thatit wruld advance the busressof h  House very
much, a.id prob..biy aid i" he distribution of the
business, cf the "-we ?1 committee*, if lie Presi-
dent's mesóle "t -> refnnrd ro them, so that u
might be as'e a red i hat specie mmi ttes> siould
be established. il c were c&tamiy Mj-ne sub-
jects that di i nit b- ong to o iy ot tr p s and rg
commit'evs, audi* sf «ne« o c m tuat the Speaker
and members ot t-e Hcj e shoal' ate nee *now
what select comxTHtf^s Reie to Le rai ed «iit'i
that view he would 'ii' it to tne eons deration of
the House the followi, g re olutioni
Resolved, That '0 muci ot ihe annual message
of the President, wi h the accompanyirg doeu-
Steals, communicated to to House on the 7th
instant, as relates to the suojects of controversy
and negotiation between this Government and
Great Britain, and also so much thereof as relates
to our relations with other foreign nations, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Resolved, That so much thereof as relates to the
suppression of the Atrican slave trade, and so
much thereof as relates te the removal of causes
involving our mternat onal obligations from the
State to the Federal Judiciary and also so much
thereof as lelates to the regulation and restraint of
Executive power in removals from office, be refer-
red to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Resolved, That so much thereof as relates to the
sixth census, and the apportionment of representa-
tives to the House, be leferred to a select com-
mittee.
Resolved, That «o much thereof as relates to the
finances of the Government be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Resolved, That so much thereof as relates to the
tariff be referred to the Committee on Manufac-
tures.
Resolved That so much thereof as relates to the
currency, exchanges and a fiscal agent, be referred
to a s lect committee.
Resolved, That so much thereof as relates to the
Navy and maritime defences of the country be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Resolved, That so much thereof as relates to the
post office establishment be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Po>t Office and Post Roads
Resolved, That so much thereof as relates to the
Smithsonian legacy, be referred to -a select com-
mittee
Resolved, That so much thereof as relates to the
District of Columbia, be referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
The resolutions having been read,
Mr. ATHERTON said that he saw no reason
for departing from the usage of the House, which
he believed had been to refer the President's Mes-
sage to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and there, m the first instance, make a
distribution cf the subjects therein embraced. He
had understood the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Wise ] when he moved the printing of
the message, to say that, were the House then
not without rule', and thus without a Committee
of the Whole, he would have proposed that dispo
sitionofit And even if the House should con-
cede to distroute the topics of the rr-essage with-
out its reference to the Committee of the Whole,
this, it seemed to him, ought not to be done before
the announcement of the committefs by the Chair
It would be recollected that the presentation of pe-
titions was objee'ed to on yesterday en the ground
thi* the committees had not been appointed The
'am  o^ject.on would'certainly lo'd good against
the resolutions of the gentleman from New York
at this time He therefore objected to the recep-
tion of the resolutions.
Mi GILMER thought it would be better to
wait thl tne standing committees of the House
were announced by the Chair, and we can then,
said he, be better ab'e to judge of the propriety of
raismg special committees. He presumed that the
committee* were not yet appointed, and that the
Chair would require some days to come to make
his selections As the resolutions were not m or-
der, he hsped the House would pioceed to the or-
ders of ihe day The resolution- could not be
acted oi at p esent, without ihe general consent of
the House, and he objected to their being consi-
dered
The SPEAKER made some rema-ks that were
not distinrtH heard by the Reporter.
Mr. riLMORE said lhat it w?s with the view of
aiding let; tpeak-r, and of expediting the business
of the Htuse, t'-at he had moved the resolutions
It cer'ai- ly was a matter of gre*t importance, bo h
to th<> Du*irtss of the House and to the Sneaker,
that he should know, before he distributed the House
i ito committees, what eommiUees were to be
raised.
Mr GILMER observed that his friend from
New York would perceive that the standing com-
mi'tees cf the Houss were pwnte I out by its rules,
and eyety member knew, therefore, what they
were All he wanted was that the Chair should
announce them, and then it would be known what
opecial commi'tees were necessary. As we have,
said Mr. G. a special order of the day of 'ome
importance, (the report of the Committee on the
Rule ,) and as the Chair would require several
days yet to make up the committees, it would be
better to let the subject of the resolutions lay over
for ihe present, and proceed to the busilis before
the House.
A message was received frcm th>> Senate by Mr.
Asbdry Dickins, their Secretary, stating that that
bod/had passed a joint resolution for the arpoin1-
ment of two Chaplains of diff-rent denominations,
one to be elected by each House, and to inter-
change weekly, in which they íequested the con-
currence of the House.
Mr CLIFFORD then rose to express his views
on the subject of Mr. Fillmore's resolutions;
when
Tne SPEAKER interrupted him, and said he
would inform the gentleman that the whole debate
was unnecessary, as the resolutions were not be-
fore the House.
Mr. LAWRENCE rose and said: I rise to per-
form the melancholy duty of announcing to the
House the death of a respected colleague, the Hon.
Henry Black, late a member of this House from
the State of Pennsylvania. He died on the 26 h
of November, of appoplexy, at his residence in
Somerset county. But a few months have passed
away since my colleague from Adams was called
upon to announce the death of the predecessor of
Judge Buck, the Hon Charles Ogle To supply
the vacancy occasioned by the death of Mr Osle,
Judge Black was elee'ed by a very large majority
of the people of the district. He took his seat in
this House during the late extra ses«ioD, su'I in
tims ta participate m rm>t of the important mea-
sures passed upon m Congress during that period;
and although the time allowed to him here was too
short to form a general acquaintance with ail the
members, still all who knew him must have b"en
favorably impressed. Mild and amiable in his
temper, modest and unassuming m his character
and intercourse, unyielding in bis integrity, with
principles firmly established, yet his mmd always
open to reason Honored in early life with the
confidence of the peop'e of his district, he was
chosen as a member of the Legisl" ture of his na-
tive S a'e, where he served with honor Subse-
quently, he was appointed a Judge of 'he Co jrt,
where he remained until his des'iny was changed
by those who delighted to hi nor him, by giving
him a seat on this floor, where hs has filled ths
measure of his public  ei vice.
Mr. Speaker, while, m common wjh my c~l~
leagues, I feel deep'y sensibl? on th° occas in, yet
I stand in a relation to tne deceased peculiar to ni}-
se'f He was the companion of my boyhood, my
acquaintance of riper jears, my friend in piivale,
and my associate in pubLe life I knew h •> wenh,
and I feel his loss The day previous to hi dea'h
h  was in ths enjoyment of usual hea'th, wi h a fair
prospect of a vigorous old ?ge, surrounded by hu
family and friends, e¿p ctmg shortly to exchange
the sweets of domestic enjoyment fcr Hi hasde of
pabhe life But the decree haa gone forth Ano-
ther day, and he is in the world of spirts Thus
suddenly has his family and numerous fuends b=ea
plunged into deep diatre s by th  loss of an affec-
tionate husband, a lender parent, ?nd a devo ed
friend. I will conclude by offering for the consi-
deiation of the House the resolution which I hold
in my hand
Mr LAWRENCE then submitted a le o'nt on,
which wa? unanimou-dy adopted, that the members
of this House, r<s a testim ny of respect for the me
mory of the late Hon Henry Black, go into the
usual mourn ag, by wealing crape on the lef! arm
for thnty days"
On motion by Mr. LAWRENCE,
Tse Houie adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, December 10, 1841
The SPEAKER communicated a report from
the Navy Department, made in compliance with
the provisions of the amina section of ¡he act oí
