12
son, Westbrook, J. W. Williams, Wise, Wood—
95.
Mr FILLMORE ob etved that according to the
decision of the Speaker, any motion would be m
order that related to the organization of the Houte.
He would therefore make a proposition for the rais-
ing of such select committees a? might be neces-
sary. Mr. P. then submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That for the belter organ zition of the
House, in addition to the standing committees pro-
vided for by the rules, trie Speaker appoint the fol-
lowing select committees, for the session, to consist
of nine members each, to wit:
A select committee on the plan of finance re-
commended in the President's mes$gge.
A select committee on the apportionment of Re-
presentatives to Congress.
A select committee on the Smithsonian legacy.
Mr. ATHEETON objected to the reception of
the resolution* a- out of order.
Mr JOHNSON of Tennessee inquired of the
Chair if they were in order.
The SPEAKER thought that they were, inas-
much as they related to the organization of the
House.
Mr. JOHNSON of Tennessee appealed from
the decision oí ihe Chair, on the ground that under
the rales oí the House petitions were the first
business m order, and asked the Clerk to read the
rule.
The SPEAKER replied that he had no doubt
about the force of the rule the gentleman referred
to, but it was superseded by ihe motion relating
to the oigamzation of ihe House
Mr J0HN30N of Tennessee «aid it struck him
asa strange proceeding toreftr the message or pans
of it, before the announcement of the standing
commit ees, for he «joked up n tue ri, olution as
tantamount to a reference of portions of the m<s-
sage. It was unheard of, and contrary to all par-
liamentary usage, for the Speaker to have it in his
power to appoint the commi te~s with reference to
the business they were to consider, instead of the
House having it in its power to select what com-
mittees the business should be referred to.
Mr PROFFIT would also express his surprise
at the fixed determination of the gentleman irom
New York to have the committees appom'ed, af er
the reference of ihe message, what would be the
consequsnee if the gentleman succeeded m his
object. Why it would be the Speakfr, and not
the House, that would have t^e refere ice of its bu-
siness, and t u-s have reports made to suit particu-
lar views
The SPEAKER called Mr P. to order, and re-
minded him that the questi n was not ih n on 'he
reference of the mes age, bat on the appointment
of special comnnitees
Mr. PROFFIT continued He considered ihe
proposition as tending to take from the House the
power that belonged to it. It was an evasion of
that responsibility which ought to rest ori the
House alone He saw the ¡speaker touching the
mallet, and hiped he would nut wke it up prema
turely. Under tbe present ru is, the Speaker, with
that impartiality which he had alwajs shown,
[laughter,] would appoint tne standing committees
without reterenceto the business they were to con-
sider, a"d the House would t'ien judge which of
them to refer each item of its bu mess to as it
came up in ordet Suppose, «aid Mr. P we
should see the Committee of Manufactures consti- I
tuted without one Northern mo.n on it, would we fl
then refer the subject of the tariff to i* So i
also with regard to the sulject of finarce, aid
to other linpoitant m eres's of the counrj, th 
House must s-=e that th° app"opr 'te committees
are justly and equahy con tituled before it can
safely ref^r tho«e subjects to them Mr P con-
cluded by expressing the opinion tha* the pronos -
tion contained m the resolut ons was tin luie^
more odioas than was the gag law of the l?st
session
Mr FILLMORE should not have risen to add
one word if he supposed that o'her gentlemen '<t-
bored under the same misunderstanding of the re-
solutions as the gent emaa irom Indiana did The
House would observe that his proposition was not
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to refer the mess, ge but to constitute those special
committees, which were obviously necessary tor
the business of the House. It was to complete the
organization of the House, and there could be
no more objections to sayng now what spe
cial committees there shall be than to say
what standing committees there shall be.
The proposition he had submitted carried out
precisely the views of the gentleman from Indiana,
because by it the special committee', like thefstand-
lng committees, would be designated by the House
previous to their being filled up by Ihe Speaker
The resolution wa? offered for the purpose of as-
certaining wnat special committees the House
would raise, not for the purpose of enabhng the
Speaker to contrsl the references of the business of
the House
Mr CLIFFORD objected to the decision of the
Chair, on three grounds, and he would state them
as concisely as possible, in order to avoid being
misunderstood His first objection was, that the
appointment of select committees did not pertain to
the organ zation of the House under the rules, as
decided by the Speaaer. The Speaker decided the
other day that petitions were the first business in
order, and could not be set aside, unless by a pri-
vileged one, wh ch to-lay he decided the pending
resolutions 10 be. Now he, Mr C would put it to
the House whether this motion was a privileged
ore.
Let it b  remembered, Mr C said, that the de-
cision of to day is to last as a precedent for the
whole session, and not for the particular case un-
der dpcussion. Such a decision, he ventured to
assert, was never heard of before, either in the Bri-
ti«h Parliament, in this Congress, or in the Legis-
latures of any of the States. Indeed, he had never
heard of such a on? If there ever had been one
si nilar to it, he shouldlike to know whpre it was
to be found Show me, said he, the precedent
Mr. C objected, m the s cond place, because the re-
solution substantial!) proposed to refer the Presi-
dent's message, which, by the order of the House, was
then lying on the table, and could not be taken from
thence but by a vote of two-thirds. Now he would
ask gen'lemen if this proposition did not look to a
reference of the President's message? His third
oljeotion was, that the proposition, taken in any
other way, ias equivalent to an addition to the
rule ; and it was Known that this would require a
day' notice He advanced these opinions with
great deference to the judgment of the Speaker, but
he Was so convinced oí ineir correctne s, that he
could not vote to sus am the decision of the Cnair.
According to his recollections of British Parlia-
mentary pract ce, there were no standing commit-
l <"5 recognised by 1'. Whenever a subject was
introduced in either House, requiring a reference,
it was referred to a select eommit'ee raided for the
purpose, and this gave the Speaker the dangerous
pon er of pachng the commit ees I' was fith a
vie  to avoid this arbitrary and partial course
of procedure, that the pract ce was adopted m
this c untry of having standing committees to which
to iefe>" impropriate subjects of legislation—thus
giving the Legislature instead of its presiding offi-
cer the power of directing the reference of its busi-
ness.
Mr FíLLMORE would like ihe gentleman to
say what part of ths resolution referred to the Pre-
sident', message.
Mr CLIFFORD    L°t the resoTution be real.
The Cnk here read the resolution m wmch is
contained tie fol'owmg paragraph "A select com
mittee on tl e plan „f Finance recommended in
the Piestdcnt'* message "
Mr CLIFFORD said there was a direct refe-
rence to ihe President's message "A se ect com-
mittee on the pian of Fin?nee recommended in
the President's message '
Mr r LLMORE  a d, if the gentleman would
say bwk" uld h,ve the resolution worded, he
would modify it accordingly
Mr CLIFFORD had no desire to modify the re
so uiion He considered tne aecision of the Chair
incorrect, for the reasons he had stated, and hs
should vote against sustaining it He oojected,
first, because the appointment of select committees
did not pertain to the organization of the House,
secondly, because the proposition was to reier the
President's message, which was then lying on the
table, and could not be taken up without a vote of
two-thirds; and thirdly, because it was not in order
to add to the rules of the House without one day's
previous notice
The question on the appeal was then taken, and
the decision of the Speaker was sustained by a
vote of—yeas 103, nays 90, as follows
YEAS —Messrs Adams, Allen, Landaff W.
Andrews, Sherlock J. Andrews, Arnold, Atcneg,
Bibcock, Baker, Barnard, B-trton, Blair, Board-
man, Borden, Brockway, Bronson, Burnell, Wil-
Jiam Butler, Calhoun, William B. Campbell, Tho-
mas J Campbell, Casey, Child', John C Clark,
Staley N Clarke, Cooper, Cowep, Cranston, De-
berry, John Edward*, Everett, Fessenden, F11-
more, A Lawrence Fos er, Gates, Giddings, Pa-
trick G Goode, Graham, Grange-, Green Hall,
Halsted, Henry, Howard, Hudson, Hun% Joseph
R Ingersoll, James Irvin, James, John P Kennedy,
King, Lane, Lawrence, Linn, Thomas F Mar-
shall, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell, Meriwether,
Moore, Moms, Morrow, O.borne, Owslej, Pearce,
Pendleton, Powell, Ra say, B-njamin. Randall,
Randolph, Rayner, Ridgway, Rodney, Russel,
Saltonstall, Shepperd, Stmomon, Slade, Truman
Smith, Sollers, Stanly, Stokely, Stratton, Alexan-
der H. H Stuart, JobnT Stuart, Summers, Taii&-
ferio, John B Thompson, Richard W. Thompson,
Joseph L Tillinghast, TolaMd,Tomlinson,Tnplett,
Trumbull, Wallace, Washington, Thomas W.
Williams, Lewis Williams, Christopher H Wil-
lums, Joseph L Williams, Robert C Winthrop,
Yorke, Augustus Young, and John Young—103.
NAYS —Messrs. AthertoB, Beeson, Bidlack,
Bowne, Boyd, Brewstei, Bn?g«¡, Aaron V Brown,
Cnas. Brown, Burke, S H Butler, ffn O Butler,
Green W. Caldwell, C ifford, Chiton, Coies, Cross,
Cushmg, Daniel, Rich D Davis, Daw-on, Dean,
Doig, Eastman, John C Edwards, Ferns, Juhn G.
Floyd, Charles A. Floyd, Fornance, Gerry,
Gilmer, Goggra, William 0. Goode, Gordon,
Harris, J. Has mgs, Hays, Hopkins, Houck, Hous-
lon, Hubard, Hunter, Chants J Ingersoll, Win.
W. Irwin, Jack, Wm. Cost Johnson, Cave John-
son, John W. Jones, Ke m, Andrew Kennedy,
Lewis, Luileiied, Lowell, Abraham MeCiUlan,
Robert McClellan, McKay, Mallory, Marchand,
John Thompson Mason, Mathers, Medili, Miller,
Newhard, Parmenter, Partridge, Payne, Piumer,
Promt, Reding, Reynolds, Roosevelt, Sinford,
Saunders, Snaw, William Siiith,Sayder, Sieen^od,
Sum er, S "eney, Jacob Thompson, luiney, TJn
derwood, Van Bnren, Ward, WaitTson, Weiler,
Westbrook James W Williams, Wise and Wood
—90.
Mr. STANLY then moved tae prev ous qu-s-
tion on the resolutions
The question on seconding the ca 1 for the pre-
vious question was ih-n tdk n by tellers, Mr
Cave Johnsom and Mr. Taliaferro, and d'C ced
m the affirmative—ijes 101, noes 84
The previous qu stion was then earned, when
Mr. WISE called tor a division of the q íes .on,
so as to take it separately on the three different
special com-Bittees wh ch have been ordered
The question vas first put on he adaption of
that part of the resolution providing tor the ap-
pointment of a special committee on ihe plan cf fi-
nance recommended in the Presidents Me ag°, and
was decided m the affirmative—ayes 114, i ajs 84,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alau, , Aden, L-ndpi, W
Andrews, baerloct J A^d-ev-., Artif 11, Atcrpg,
Babcock, Bak r, Ba-nard, Barto^, Blair, B aro-
man, B irden, Botts, Bngsrs, Brockwai, Bi„n on,
Milton Brora, tiurnol!, William Butler, Calhoun,
Wj'liam B. Campbell, Thomas J Cam, oel , Ci-
ruthers, Casey, CtnLds, JihaC Chrk, Sal.yN-
Clarkp, Cooper, Cowen, Cranston, Gane t Davis,
D berry, John Edwaids, Everett Fessenden, F.ll-
moie, A Lawience Fos er, G-ites, G l 'inr , P.
G Goode, Graham, Granger Green, Hall, Ha'-
s ead, Henry, Howard, Hudscn, Hun', Joseph R.
Ingersoll, James Irvin, James, Wnl am Cost John-
son, John P Kennedy, King, Lane, Lawrence,
Linn, Thomas F Marshall, Mathiot, Mattocits,
Maxwell, Maynard, Merrtwether, Moore, Morns,
