18______________                       |j|
be severally referred to the Committee on Indun
Affairs.
Mr. PIERCE presented the petilon of Mary
GjUM, widow of a deceased revolutionary soldier,
r>ray ng a pension: referred to the Committee on
Pens ons.
Mr KING presen'ed a preamble and resolution1?
pas*ea b, the General Assembly of the Sia'e of
.tilatima requ^t rg the Senators and Representa-
tive^ ot said S ate in Congress, to procure the es-
tablishment of a land district within the terntoiy
lately asqaircd from the Cherokee Indians, or the
annexation oí that territory to the Coosa land dis-
trict; also, a reduction of the minimum price (f
the pubhc landi: referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Also, the preamble and resolutions passed by the
General Assembly of the State of Alabama, in-
structing the Senators and requesting the Repre-
sentatives of sud S'ate m Congress to use tneit
exertions to effect such a change in the existing
law* relating to postage, a1- will conform to the
rates of postage to the decimal currency of the
cauvrv rofenedto the Committee on Post Office
and Pust Rosds.
Mr. PORiLR presented the petition of a num-
ber oí c tizens of Detroit, Micngan, praying an
appropnauon for the construction of a haroor at
SDump'in, on Like Michigan: refened to the Com-
mittee on Commerce
On motion of Mr. GRAHAM, it was
Ordered, That the petmon of Daniel Murray
and Isaiah Sp°ncer be taken from thtr files of the
Senate, and íeferred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roa 's.
On motion oí Mr. WILLIAMS, it was
Oidertd, That the petition of Henry  Fry be ta-
ken from the files < f the Se ate, and referred to
th' Commit ee on Naval Affairs.
On riotior of Mi. BARROW, i> was
O d.red  T ?t Andrew Armst-ona have leave to
wi'M¡a < h   tt.em.>ri«l  from the files of the ¡Se-
nate.
Mr. BAYARD submitted the following res-olu-
uon, whi"h v!><- agrted to-
Reulvti, Tnat the Committee on Naval Affairs
be in-tiucted to inquire into the expediency of ano-
lisinng the revenue cu'ters, and of employing a part
of the navy in lhat service.
Mr MERRICK, on leave, and agreeably to no
tier given heretofore, introduced a joint resolution
authorizing the transfer to the State of Maryland
ot the stock in the Cuesapi>ake aud Ohio Canal
Company rrld in the name of the United S ate«,
which was read the first, and by special order the
second time, and refened to the Committee o>i
Roads and Ca ils.
The follow ug bills sgieeably to notice her tr-
fore given, were introduced on leave, read the first
time, and by peciai order the second time, and re-
ferred to appropriate committees as follows
By Mr EVANS. A bill to authorize the pay-
ment of equitable omuiisSiOis to the agents or at-
torneys of persons m whose favor awards have
been made under the several treaties Detwc n the
Tinned S'ates aid f< reign powers, whici awards
have been re a ned .n the Treasury in paj ment of
debts due tho United States referred to the Com-
mit ee on Fmvce
By Mr. PRENTISS: A bill to authorize tne
payment of invalid pensions in certain case -
A bill for th.- relief of Than I ful Reynold*:
A bill for the reief of Esther Johnson, widow
of Col.   Tamei Johnson, o  Ncrth  Carina, de-
ceased; and
A bill for the re lef of Hu1 ah Tt c';?r, which
bills wete Eevt A¡¿ referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
By Mr. WHlTF- A bill m't "g app'opriat oris
for the completi m of the Cumberland road throvgh
tie States of Oh* , i d ¡>ua, «rd Illinois- re e,red
to the Comnvtte  < i l.oaj  ¿i J Caia's
By Mr HUN n >i&TON. A oill to refund to
Noah Miller and o.l ers pur of the pr< cetds of the
sale of the British sloop Mai), referred to Ihe
Committee on Commerce.
By Mr PORTER. A bill supplementary to the
act to provide for the adjustment of title to lands
m the town of Dstroit, m the State of Michigan,
C0NGRÉS&ÍONAL GtOBÉ.
and for other purposes; which;Mr. P. moved to
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. LINN objee'ed to such reference, and con-
tended tnat *'l s.milar bilk had been referred to
the Committer on Private Land Claims Some of
like character in rodueed by himself had such re-
ference; but after some comer anon between
JVessrs PORTER an^ LINN, the bill was referred
to the Commute  on the Judeiary.
A b.'l for the iclief of certain companies of Mi-
chigan Militia- cf rred to the Comm.Uee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
A bill for the relief of Ovid P. Lacy: referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. PULTON: A bill in relation to dona-
tions of land to certain persons m the State of Ar-
kansas,
Also, a bill to settle the title to certain tracts of
land in the State of ArKansas;
A si, a bill for the rebel Samuel Noms and Fre-
derick Saugram;
Also, a bill for the relief Henry Wilson; which
bills were severally referred to the Committe on
Public Lsnds.
Alto, a bill for the relief of Ephraim Dixon;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. PIERCE introduced bills with the following
title -.
A bill for the settlement of the claims of New
Hampshire against ihe United States: referred to
ths Committee on Military Affairs.
A bill in favor of Mary Snow, referred to Com-'
mittee on Pensions
A bill for tbe rebef of John McClanahan.
A bill granting a pension to Margaret Jamison-
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill to equalize the pay of the Army, and for
othrr purposes: referred to ths Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
By Mr MOUTON- A bill to authorize the Le-
gislature of the Sta e of Louisiana to sell the lands
heretofore appropriated foi the use of schools in
that State, and
A bill to revue an act entitled an act to enable
the claiman's to la  ds within the S'ate of Mis ouri
. nd Territory of Arkansas, *o institute proceedings
to try th? validity of their claims, approved 26th
Mai, 1824, and an act amenda'ory of the same,
and extending ihe provisions of «aid acts to claim-
ants to land within the States of Louisiana and
Mississippi; which bills were severally referred to
the Committee on Pubhc Lands
By Mr- LINN A bill to create a new land dis-
trict ii the State of Missouri, and to change the
boundary of the S~mtiwest and Western land dis-
trict in said State.
Also, a bill to continua in force the act for ths
final adjustment of land claims m the State of Mis-
souri, approved s> h July, 183 J, and the act sup-
plementary thereto, a iproved the 2J March, 1833.
Also, a till to confirm to the heirs of Joseph
Taomas, sen deceased, their claim to a tract of
land tn th° State of Missouri, which bills were s-e-
\erally referred to the Committee oi Private Land
Claims.
Also, a bill for the relief of Jarnos H Rnlfe; and
a bill for the relief of Adam Steward, which were
severally referred to the Committee on Claims.
Also.a bill fur the relief of Jaques Bonarri, Alex-
ander Coleman, and their heirs and legal rep'esent-
ativs.
Also, a bill for the relief of Sebastian B itcher,
and th* heirs and legal repiesonta'tves of Bartho-
lomew Bu'cher, M chad Batcher, and Pe>er
Bloom, which ver  severai'y read sal referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Also, a bill for the relief of Na'ban.el Prvor dp
ceased, which was refened to the Committee on
In "han Affairs.
By Mr. K'NG A bill to author 73 ths settle-
ment and payuent of certain claim? in the State of
Alabama;   referred to  ihe Comm>t ee on Cairns.
Ai-o, a bill for the reVf of certain settlers on
the public Lnds who have been dtpnved of the be-
nefit of the acts granting pre-emption rights, ap-
proved 19 h June, 1831, referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
1      Alio, a bill for ihe reuef of ti e legal representa-
1    ................j...... ,. .     :'Lt-=aa
tive of John Scott; referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
THE PRINTING OP THE SENATE.
The following resolution, introduced yesterday
by Mr Mangdm, was taken up, viz :
Resolved, f hat a s'anding commutee of the Se-
nate be appointed, to whom shall be refened every
question on the printing of document , reports or
other m?tter, transmitted by either of the Execu-
tive Departments, and all memor.als and petitions
accompanying documents, together with all other
matter, the printing of which shall be moved; ex-
cepting bills originating in Congress, resolutions
offered by any Senator, and motions to print, by
order of tbe standing committees of the Senate, of
reports documents or other matter pertaining to
the subjects referred to suchcommitteesby the Se-
nate, and it shall be the duty of such committee on
pnntirg to report in every case, in one day, cr
sooner, if practicable.
Mr MANGUM remarked that he deemed it un-
necessaiy to say any thing m sat port of the reso-
lution, the object of which is to economise; and he
presumed that it would meet with i'o objection m
anv quarter.
Mr. KING had no great objection to the provi-
sions cf ihs reso'utiop, but he would suggest to ihe
Senator from Nortn Carolina that, m excluding
the printing of certain papers, an exception be
made to communications sent to Congress through
the representatives of the sovereign States, He
supposed that such comrrunications would not be
numerous, and, as a consequence, tne printing of
them would not be attended with much expense; be-
side , theie was a kind of eouresy due towards
the Sla'es of the Union, which, he trusted, would
not be disregarded by altogether refusing to print
thp expressions of their will
Mr. MANGUM was perfectly willing to accept
trie modification suggss.ed by the Senator from
Alabama, and would amf nd his resolution by in-
serting, afiei tne vords "resolutions offered by any
Senator," th¿¡ words "and communications from the
Legislatures of the respective States."
The resolution, ?s amended, was agreed to, and
th  coram fee oideied to consist of three members,
to b= appo n'ed by the Chair.
The resolu ion of Mr. Barrow, introduced yes-
terday, as fohows, was adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
inform the Senate what amount of public lands
has been surveyed ard is for =a'e in Louisiana;
and, also, what quantity has been advertised by
proclamation, and afterwards suspended, and the
reason iherefor.
The resolution of Mr. Linn, introduced yester-
day, as follows, came up in order, andhavicg been
read, wa , ?dopted-
Hesolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
an approp'iation for improving the naviga ion of
the Ohio, Mississippi, and Missouri rivers, by the
reiroval of snags, trunks of trees, and other ob-
structions m ih°ir bod.es, which annually deslroy
a great number of steamboats, and other water
er-ift, and a vast amount of produce and merchan-
dise
Mr SMITrl of Indiana, from tbe Committee
on Privat  Land Claims, repoited back, without
amendment, the bill for ih* relief of John Smith,
of Arkansas
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
On the motion of Mr RIVES, so much of the
President'-, mes ape as relate, to foreiga affairs was
referred to ¡he Comr>ii tee on Pi icitn Relations.
Oi mti'io , , f Mr HUNTINGTON, so much of
tne President's message ai rela'es to commerce, be
re erred to the Committee on Con-merce
On the motion of Mr. MANGUM, so much of
thp mfsssge as rebles to thp navy, p-as íeferred to
th° Committee on Na"al Affair
On motion of Mr. SMITH of Indiana,
Oidaed, That so much of the Pie?ident\  mes-
sage as relates to the pnbhc lands, be referred to
the Commi'tee on Public Lands
Oi the motion of Mr. SIMM0N3, so much of
the message as rela'es to manufactures was re-
ferred to the Committee on Manufactures
Oo the mo'ion of Mr. BAYARD, so much of the
