3®
and recommending that region as á suitable place
for the location of the same.
Also, the p iition of Caspar W. Weaver, Secre-
tary of the Weaverton Manufacturing Company,  !
proposing to sell the Government a site for a Na- <
tional Foundry.                                                         ,
Also, the memorial of sundry citizens cf Wash- I
ington, praying an early disposition of the funds !
of the Sni'thsonian bequest, in conformity with 'he i
wishes of the donor ]                                                -
[Sy Mr. James W. Williams, of Maryland: The ¡
petition of sundry citizens of Maryland, for the !
improvement of the harbor of Havre de Grace, |
and the removal of obstructions in the channel at ;
the entrance of that port.                                          I
Also, a petition for the establishment of a port of
entry at Havre de Grace, in Maryland.   -                 ¡
Also, ihe petition of Samuel B. Hugo, a surgeon \
in the late war ]
From Virginia: Messrs. STEWART, GOGGIN,
MALLORY, TALIAFERRO, BARTON, BOTTS, i
COLES, POWfcLL, and HAYS.                            j
fMr. Hopkins of Va. asked leave to with-
draw from lbs riles of ihe House, the memorial
of Joseph Ramsey of Wythe county, Virginia, I
praying to be relieved against a judgment reff- ;
dered against him and others in favor of the Uci- i
ted States, ami leave being granted, Mr. H. mi ved [
its reference te the Committee on the Jud'ciary.     i
{,By  Mr. Gcaam:   The  petition of  Wm.   B.  i
Vaugh&n, of Bedford county, Virginia, asking the  1
aid  of   Congress  in carrying out his invention  i
of a self-propelling locomotive, applicable to rail-
roads.
Also, the petition of Wm. Saunders and Wm.
R. Porter, of the same county and State, asking ¡
to be re'eased from th¿ payment of the balance
of a judgment of the Uni^d States against them ;
as sureties of Wm. Estis, who was paymaster to .
the 4th of Virginia Regiment stationed at Norfolk ;
during the Inte war.                                                  !
Mr. Goggin said, that while up he would also I
give notice of bis intention on to-morrow, or at j
such time thereafter as he could do so, to ask leave
of the House to introduce a bill granting an addt- i
tional quantity of land for the location of Revolu- j
tionary land warrants of Virginia.]                           '
[Mr. Hopkins said, whilst upon the floor, he ;
•would, in obeJience to what he believed to be the i
very general desire of his constituents, give notice |
of his intention to ask leave to-morrow to intrc- J
duce a bill to repeal "An act to establish a uni- l
form system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States," approved Aug 19th, 1841.
[Mr. Coles adddres;ed the House as follows:  ,
"I hold in my hand the proceedings of a respect- !
able meeting of my constituent--, which I am re- j
quested to present to this Hoase.     They disap- :
prove of the extra session of Congress and most
of its measures.    They j articular ly complain of
the suppression of debate; ihe disposition to relieve  j
certain classes at   the expense of others; the   ten- |
diney to increased taxes  and  a permanent Na-  !
tional debt; and the repeal of the law regulating  j
the colltction, transfer and disbursement of   ihe
revenue; wheh law, under the name  ef the Sub-
Treasury, ai,d with the attributes falsely ascribed
to it, they say, may have been disapproved by the
people, but t'.ey emphatically deny that its leading  ¡
features have ever been decided  against.    They  ,
condemn in strong terms the Distribution and the  i
Bankrupt lawd, which they desire to be repealed.  !
They also protest agsinst  the establishment of a -
National Bank, as repudiated by  the framers of
ihe Constitute si, as unnecessary for the proper ad-
ministration of the Government, and as dangerous ¡
to the interests snd  iibeities of the people.   And
they further r< present that the evils suffered from  ',
the state of the currency and exchanges have re-
sulted from an unsound banking system, by which
the specie standard   of value has   been   departed |
from, and that it is the dcty of Congress  to pre-
serve thatstandar ', which all experience proves is  I
the be.t and only proper regulator of Ihe currency  ¡
and the  exchanges.   Tnese views are, in my opi- I
nion, entitled to the series consideration of ihe
House, and I move that the paper I  send   to the
Clerk, be laid on the table and be printed."
Objittian being made, the question was taken on
i
CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE.
ptinting, and it was lost.   The proceedings were
laid on th" table."]
From North Carolina: Messrs. WILLIAMS
and GRAHAM.
From South Caroline: Mr. CAMPBELL.
From Georgia: Messrs. KING and MERIWE-
THER.
From Kentucky: Messrs. BOYD, BUTLER,
"SPRIGG, TRIPLETT, and UNDERWOOD.
[By Mr. Triplett: A resolution, which was
adopted, directing tha Committee on the Post Office
and Pout Roads to inquire into the expediency of
establishing certain post roads in the counties of
Davies and Hancock.
Mr. Triplett also presented the petition of Ma-
ria L. Nour*e, widow and legal reoresentativs of
Joseph Nourse, deceased.]
From Tennessee: Messrs. McCLELLAN,
GENTRY, ARNOLD, C. H. WILLIAMS, J.
L WILLIAMS, and TURNEY.
[Mr. Joseph L. Williams presented the follow-
ing:
Tne memorial of Thomas A. Russell, asking in-
dfrunity for property lost in the service of the-
Uniied States. Referred to the Committee on
Cliims.
The memorinl of Joseph J. Martin, praying Con-
gress to grant him a pension on account of disability
incurred in the service of the United State.?. Re'
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.]
[By Mr. Arnold: The petition of James Fuller,
of Jefferson county, in the State of Tennessee,
an effieer of the late war, praying an arrearage of
pension.
Also, the petition of Thomas Collin?, of Wash-
ingxm county, Tennesse, a soldier of the late war,
praying to be placed upon the roll of invalid pen-
sioners.
Also, the memorial of Joseph Brown, of Green
county, Tennessee, one of the deputy collectors of
the direct taxes, praying to be relieved from an im-
proper assessment of property, and that certain
moneys improperly collected from him, as such col-
lector, may be refunded ]
From Ohio: Messrs. C. MORRIS, J. HAS-
TINGS, S. MASON, MORROW, COWENT,
DEAN, MED1LL, ANDREWS, GIDDI5JGS,
PENDLETON, RIDGWAY, GOODE and MA-
THIOT.
[By Mr. Giddin-g^: The following petitions
for a repeal of all laws regulating or sanctioning
the transportation of slaves upon the high seas, and
to pass laws protecting the rights of all persors
claimed or held as slaves, who are constitutionally
entitled to their freedom, by going to sea with the
con.^enl of their masters, beyond the jurisdiction of
the Stare in which they are held as slaves, viz:
Of 22 electors of Ashtabula county, Ohio.
Of 50 electors of Rome, Ohio.
Of 62 electors of Morgan, Ohio.
Of 110 electors of Poland, Ohio.
Of 21 electors of New Smyrna, Ohio ; all of
which lie over,
Also, the petition of 22 electors of Painesvi'.le,
Ohio, for the removal of the seat of Government to
Cincinnati, Ohio.
Also, of the mme, for entering into commercial
relations with Hayti.
Also, ihe folli-wing petitions for the repeal of all
laws of the United Stales by which'the people of
the free States, the Genera! Government, or ihe na-
tron, are in any way implicated or bound to coun-
tenance, protect, or in any manner aid in support-
ing or tntinuing the institution of s'avery, or
in keeping human beings in a state of slavery ,'viz:
Of 50 electors of Rome, Ashtabula county,
Ohio.
Of 62 electors of Morsran county, Ohio.
Of 110 electors of Poland, Trumbull county,
Ohio.
Of 22 electors of Ashtabula, Ohio.
Of 21 el?c!ors of N?w Smyrna, Oh;o ]
[Mr. Ridgwav presented three petitions from
147 c:ti'zens of Delaware and Marion counties, in
the S'ate of Ohio, prajina: Corgress to open com-
mercial regulations with the Government of Hayti,
on a footing which the most favored nations are
recognised by the United States. They were re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
Also, four petitions from 193 citizens of Ohio,
ffom the same section of country, asking in re-
spsciful terms, for the repeal of the 21st Rule of
the House of Representatives; which petitions
were laid over to be referred to a committee on
the subject, should one be appointed, under a
question* which is now penditsg before the House.]
From Louisiana: Mr. MOORE.
[By Mr. Moore: The petition of 52 inhabitants
and ship masters of the district of Teche, praying
that a light boat may be placed at the entrance of
Atchefalaya bay.
The resolutions of the City Councils of La-
fayette, relative to the port of New Orleans, with
map.
The petition of B. F. GIas?cock and 29 others,
inhabitants cf Black river,, against confirming the
claim of Louis Bringier.
Also, cf James Stewart and 75 other?, citizens of
Caldwell, praying some ¡mediate decision by Con-
gress ia r;lation to the Maison Rouge claim.
Also, of A. Cheriere?, of Louisiana.
The evidence in relation to the claim of Fran-
cois Gousoulin.
The evidence relative to the claim of A. de
Mezkre.
The papers and documents relative to the claims
of Mahle snd Coble, Litileton Baily, and Richard
Green
The communication, of Henry Bty, esq. of
Louisiana, relative to the culture of silk.
The vfstimeny relative to the Caddo treaty, taken
by order of the Committee, en Indian Affairs,
under an order of the Hou:e of Representatives,
before. R. V. Marye; together wilh testimony taken
under the same commission before C. E. Gre-
neaux.
The petition of Andrew Armstrongs late navy
agent at Lima, Peru.
On motion of Mr. Moore, the following peti-
tions were taken from the files, and referred to the
Committee m Private Land Claims, under the
general rule:
Petition of James Coble, atsignee.
Petition of James Coble and Washington Bas-
fian.
Petition of the heirs of Bernard Dauteriere.
Petitioa of Charles F. Noynt.
Petition of Joseph Roy, of Louisiana, and pa-
pers therewith.]
From Indiana: Messrs. KENNEDY, THOMP-
SON, WALLACE, and CRAVENS.
From Mississippi: Mr. THOMPSON.
[Mr. Thompson gave notice that he would here-
after ask leave to introduce a bill entitled an act to
repeal the first seven sections of the act entitled an
act to distribute the proceeds of the public lands
and to grant pre-emptbn rights.]
From Illinois: Messrs. CASEY, REYNOLDS
and STUART.
[Mr. Reynolds presented the papers, memorials
and petiiionsfpraymg a continuance of the National
road from Vandalia west, through the State of Il-
linois, by Greenville, in Bond county, to Alton, on
the Mississippi river, and a location on this route
and no other.
Also, the resolution of the General Assembly of
Illinois, praying for a bounty in land lo the United
States Rangers- and o'her troops engaged in the late
war with Great Britain.
Also, a petition for a mail route in Illinoi!,from
Vienna, in Johnson county, to Cairo, in Alexander
county.    Referred lo ihe appropriate committee.]
[Mr. Císet presented the petition of Adam
Mitchell, of Coles county, Illinois, praying the pas-
sage of a law to comoersste him for the amount of
Cominental money in his ¡so^fssion.]
JMr. Stdart presemed the petition of David
Liodsey and others, citizens of Sangamon county,
Illinois, praying the establishment of a mail route
from Springfield to Carrollton, Uinois.
Also, the petition of Philip Pearce and others,
praying that a pre-emption rk-ht may be granted
to him on a tract of land theiein named.]
From Alabama: Messrs. HOUSTON and
CHAPMAN.
[Mr. Payne presented a pnamble and joint
resolutions ef the Legislature of Alabama, desiring
the passage of a law so adjusting the iate of post-
