fci-1"'>■*,"■■    . • tr "■';".. '    .*'.  .......'::.....■ *""   t^x.
the earliest moment, ask leatre to introduce a bill
to repeal the act distributing the proceeds cf the
sales of the public lands to the States
Mr. SMITH of Indiana introduced a bill 'o con-
firm to the Slate of Indiana the lands selected by
her in lieu of the Ucds reserved by the reserva-
tions under the treaties of 1837 and 1839, wi'h the
Miami Indians, rfferrct, with pccompauyirii; do-
duments, to the O mmittee on Roid" end Canals.
By Mr KING A bill for the rehef 01 tb« S-lma
and Tennessee Railro?d Companj: referred to the
Commi'tee on Public Land's
By Mr YOUNG- A oiU for the r*lief of Eph-aim
Sprague, wh ch \ a", v tih tbe accompanytr-g docu
ments, referred to tha Committee on Claims
the pi A.CB establishment or tiif t  ot
The fo'iowmg re olu'ion, subm t ej ty Mr
Woodbürv yestercay, «¿s taken up and ad oted
Resohed, Tnat the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency rf fix-
ing, by iaw, the number of officers in each rank, cf
men, and of soldiers in commission, suitab e for a
peace establishment of the navy, and or regulating
this establishment like that for the army, so as not
to be changed, except under express provision made
by Congress
The bill for the relief of James Smith, of Arkan-
sas, was taken op, as in Committee of the Whole,
and read
Mr. SMITH of Inliana, eypl?med the nature of
the bill It was to allow the person named the pri
vilege of entering lands m lieu of a tract which
was entered at the wrong land office The law
upon the subject of erroneous entries prov des for
the refunding of the purcha«e money Bjt the
law could not do full justice in this case. The
purchaser, Smith, made cany improvements oa
the land, and had it und"r cultivation He had
lived on it for some time, wl en the same 1n>ct was
en'ered in another and the proper land office by
another per on, who claimed tbe land, at d ejected
Smith, thus depriving him of his land and im-
provements Tne Government has had the use of
the money without interest, and th's bill goes to
allow Smith a privilege beyond the law in conside-
ration—that is, to enter o her lands m Het?
Mr FULTON exilained further, that it was by
a change in the land d stncU that the err^r was
made.
There being no mot oi to amend tha M!, it vas
reported to the Senate, and ordered to be ecgros'ed
for a third readir g.
Mr LINNga^e note- thit he would, at an
etny d°y, ask 'eave to introduce a bill to erect a
hospital in the ci'y cf Washing on
Mr. BENTON moved that whin the Sena'e ad-
jou ned, it would adjourn to meet on Monday next
Agreed to
On motion of Mr EVANS,
Tbe Ssnate adjourned till Monday next, at 12
o'clock.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, December 16 1841
Mr. TALIAFERRO asked leave to introduce a
resolution providing that the Clerk pay io Wiili m
Smith the usual comp-nsat on and roí eige oí a
member for the extra session [Mr Smith v tne
gentleman who contested ihe election in the Cul
pepcr District, Va and who now represents that
district in the House ]
Objection being made, the resolution was not re-
ceived
On motion of Mr riLLMORB, a Committee
on Enrolled Bills on ihe part of the Home was or-
dered to be appointed
CUMBERLAND ROAD
Mr. THOMPSON of Indiana gave notice that
he wculd to morrow a k leave to introduce a bul
to provide for the con itruction of the Cumberland
Road through Ihe States of Ohio, Indian?, and Illi-
nois
Petitions and memorials w"e then called for,
(cemmencmg wh-re fe call was uspended b} tt-e
adjournment of the Houv yesteiday,) and w  re
presented by the followm" delega'e*
From Florida   Mr LEVY
[Mr. Levy offered the following resolution ,
•thioh lie over one day under the rule
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1. Resolved, Tnat tbe Committee on Public
Lands be instructed Io inquire into tbe expediency
of so amending the existing protestors of the laws
regulating pre-emptions, as to afford relief to bona
fide settlers upon lands supposed lo belong to the
public domain, but which have been subsequently
confirmed by courts to private claimants, or lo-
cated under *cts of Congress b/ private donors
or reserved for public use'; and, also, to 'fford
relief to •ett'ers who have been prevented, bv
reason of Indian hostilities, from perfecting thei'
pre-emption rights
2   Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canal  be instructed to lpquire into the expediency
of making an appropriation to miprov tl e naviga
tion of the Apalachicolanver, in the Territory of
Florida
3    Resolved, That the Comiu 'ee en the Territo-
ries be instructed to examine into the p-opnety of
making further appropriation for tbe completion, of
the Capitol building at Tallahassee, m Florida.
4   Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be directed to inquire into the exp°diency of making
an appropriation for the following purpose---
For the improvement of the bar and harbor of
Apalacbicola
For the improvement of the bar and barber of
the bay of Appalachee and St Mark's river
For the improvement of the bar and harbor of
St. Augustine.
For the improvement of the bar and navigation
of St John's river
And, ?lso, for placing addit-onal buoys at the en-
trance of the harbors of St. Augustine, St John' ,
Key West, Suwannee, Tamps, St Mark's, St Jo-
seph' , Apalachicola, St. Andrew's, and Pensacola ]
From Wiscons n: Mr HENRY DODGE
[Mr Dodob, Delegate from Wi=coi«in, gave no-
tice of a motion for leave tom'ro iree i hi!1 for the
construction of haibirs at th  tofnsof >"n ""ankie,
Racme, ¿nd Soutbport, in the Territory of Wis-
consin, also, a bill for the improvement of the na
vigation of the Neenah and Wisconsin rivers, m
the said Territory ]
From Iowa  Mr A C. DODGE
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE
Mr FILLMORE rose and said, that as it w^s
apparent tha1 tbe chief bu mess '■f t*>e Hou'enu t
be delayed until fe menage of the Pr Mdest had
been disposed of one way or a"Othei, he hoped ¡h*
House would consent now to take t up and die
pose of it
Mr ADAMS na'e a fe   ren? k , of 'he pur-
port of which no hmg wtis heard by the Reporter ,
Wnen, on mo'i n of Mr FILLMORE, the
rules were suspended foi the purpose of taking up
the message; which being before the House,
Mr. FILLMORE offered the fo"owing resolu-
tions;
1   Resohed, That so much of the annus! mes-
sage of the President, with the accompanying do-
cuments, communicated to this House on the 7 h
instant, as relates to the «subjects of contrrversy and
negotiai rn between this Government and Gri* t
Bu'am, ard alsT so much thereof as relates to our
relations wi h other foreien nations, be referred to
the Committee rn Fore an Affairs
2   Resolved, 1 hat s0 nreh therpof as relates 'o
the suppress, on of the Africa" slave trade, and so
much th reof as relates to the removal of causes
involvina our international oh! gaaons from the
State to the Federal Judiciary, and also so mucn
thereof as re'ateo to the resul?tton and -°s rami of
Executive power in removals from ofhee, be re-
ferred to the Committee on ihe Jud'C ¡ p .
3. Resolved That s0 much theieof as re'al s o
the sixth census and the appoitio i ^ent of Repr1-
«smtut ves to this H-u^e, bs ref-r'ed to *he Select
Committ   on that subj'C
4   R"ohed, That so much thereof as re'a'es 'o
the finances of the Government h  refeired to the
Committee of Wa\s and Me?ns
5   Rttohe-I, That so much thereof as rj1a'es to
in  tariff, be -etna 1 to the Com^ tt t P" M "u-
f c uies.
6   Resohed That so much thereof as relates to
the plan of flaance, be referred to ihe select com-
mittee on that subject.
7   Resolved, That so much thereof as relates to
n
the army, fortifications, and fe Fl< nda war, te
referred to the Committee on Military Affars
8   Resohed, That so much thereof a? relates fei
the navy a,nd mant.me defercps of the country, ha
reWed (o the Committee on Navsl Affairs.
9   Resohed, That so much thereof as relates tri
the Post Office establishment, be referred ti> tht*
Committee on tue Post Office and Post R^ad*
10   Resclved, That so mneh thereof gs rt¡atesto
t" e SmuL&cri'an legacy, be referred tothes-!ect
committee on that subject.
11   Retohed, That so much thereof a  relates to
the D strict of Columbia, be referred to me Com-
mittee rn th-  D strict of Colomh %
Mr WISE would .ike to have fori tv honora-
ble cha>rman of th" Commi'tee of "Ways and
Means vn explanation «lth regard to the extent
of juried ctton he pieicribed ti the Comm'ttee of
Ways and Mears, a« w«Uas to the sekc comtnn-
tee on the plan of finance He saw that by the
resolutions just read, it was proposed to refer ihe
genera! subject of finance to tbe Committee of
Ways and Means, and the plan of finance referred
to in the President's message to the select commit-
tee raised on that subject. The explanatioa be
wanted, was thi: Was4he select committee to be
confined to the plan of finance alone, without con- < 
sidenng whether it can be altered or not? HW
were th°y to consider  ?
Mr FILLMORE did not suppose that there
would be any corfl ct between the two com mi tees,
with regard to the extent of their jurisdiction He
supposed that the Committee of Ways and Means
would be confined (o that portion of the President's
messagp, to be fourd in psge eight of his copy,
whish related to the reoeipts and expenditures of
the Treasury, while ths Select Committee would
consider that portion of the message relatms to the
p'an of finance recommended by the Piesid nt as
well as the currency general y.
Mr. WISE observed that he then supposed
that the Select Commi"ee had tb  general subject
of currency under their charge, and th*t if they did
not choose to report on the pUn of the Pies dent,
they might report another, or alter or modify it.
Tbe Hous  wojid o' course have the power to
mod fy or amend if
M" FILLMORE did not know, he ^atd, how
the Hou e m'ght dec d* H« objeet h?d been to
suomit to the^'ect Cimmitlee the partícula" fiscal
plan, but he h=d not supposed that tne co"iratU-e
w ula be predu 'ed from sn-k rg am^n^monts, or
that the t-tfererce w?s so broad that the H>use
wou'd be precluded fioa br ngin  up tbe subject
man"t-er shaps shou'd ¡tibf-Ir prope' lehad
no disguise aboi the mat'e-, and wished the
House to d spose of it as they chose
[Mr W C. JOHNSON suggested to Mr
Fillmoeb an amendment m the resolutions nro-
vidmg tha' all such parts of the document ac om-
panjmg &e message, &s referied to the est?bail-
ment of a National Foun^rv, b° refer'ed to the Se
lect Commit ee already ra sed on 'hat subject. Mr -
Fillmore 'aid he bad no cri c i«n ]
Mr BR'GSS hooed that fe resolutions wouH
be taken up resulariv in th*i«' order.
Mr. ATEiáRTON   ca!l d   for  th  rcadfg of
t! e reso ution wh ch proposed to refe' to the Com-
mittee on Manufactorfs so much of the M s.«age
as   related to tbe tar ff wh ch having been leal,
Mr. A remarked lint he bad supposed hat if a
tariff was to b  laid for th° pmpo^ of revenue
alone, and nit for the protection of maiufaeiaoes,
the proper refererca ot that subject would b^ to
tb  C mm ttee of Wa\s a"d Means    HereWore,
whenever the qttesticn came up with regard to the
deposition of this por ion of the President'  me«-
s^e, 'hos  who were wil'ing 'o vote fo  ex ar ?
for   protect'on,   ,vtid ti   lay daties  for   the ex
{•re s purpose   of  e-itourastrg domestic  mino-
I   factures, and n"'  f<r revenue alone, had s¡ • e-a'ty
1   beer m favor of reterrteg it to the Cf    •* t e    on
Manafae u es, while,   n the >'her h t> '   I-      who
I  nppis-J  t «ata tariff   Un i ^    lai-"m        r r-
|| venue, hid voted for rete ,    , i* to ih-> Fn r-tif I
Committtee.    In ord«r to           the qi  ros h«
would move to strike o«t Cimmittee on Mann
facture ,  and insert   Ct? rit ee ef Wa>s.  ard
Means.
