CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.

from Virginia to allow him to explain; which re-
quest having been complied with by Mr Wi-e,
Mr T^said he nad read that part of the message
which connected the raising cf duties with the inte-
rest of the manufac'urer, and another- p^rt which
showed that the Pr sident m'ended tí a* the amount
of duty should be governed by tne compromise act,
and not exceed 20 per cea , a~d m cd'ecttng that,
he had said the message pointed out the connec-
tion with the pokey oí t'orn<"'tif ma.nul'iictwes
Mr."WISE said he un It-rstood th- gentleman now
as he did before. H  d ( i t c íc o e to take bis
words, but to u e 1, idee if he uniers.ood it. ¡f
the gentleman exprés a any ihj-g, u was that the
President recomiende J tn-> oroiect 01 of manufac-
tures, and the k> ¡gtf du-ies. for that purpose.
Now he contenieu r-at tnere w?s nolh ng in the
message to au 1 or ze any such idea He would
quote the context of t^e "-e „age ijimed'atelv pre-
ceding the partquolei by tiie gentleman from Rhode
Island, and immediately succeeding it, and howdd
it read? Immediately a t"i ihe fir t sentence quoted
by the gentlempn, toe Pies.dtnt goes on to sa>:
"Otherwise, the Government wou'd be placed in
the condition of hav ng to levy the same duties
Upon all anieles, the productive as well as the un-
productive Tbe shgh e t duty upon some, might
have the effect of cpu-mg 'heir importation tocea«e
whereas, others ente'i"g ext ns vt'y into t^e con-
sumption of tne countr^'i got tear the heaviest,
without any sensible d snr tit-ori a; tie ar*ouit im-
ported."
It wa' no , then, v. h a T -. 0 the pr tec ion of
manufactures that the Pie-iie t re<-o-iiu.eiided a
revisioa of the tanfi, but wi c t now 10   tariff for
revenue. It was foi .tie nants oc 1>e Tr"a ury,
and not for p o«.cLo:t,tLa i,>r *nifd anima-
tion ñas p o Do ° a B-v i.Pi eat uct further.
He ve"t oi io  av ti-<
' So ¡oig ts t e 1 1 11s sral ie li.il rvith dis-
tinct reft, enc to t te Wti   Oi the Trxa urj, no
well founded objection cm ciu again t iaem "
The-e were tLe dec rmc of he message. It
recamment'ed a tariff of da íes for ti,- purpose of
revenue, admitting tne r g„t of d aerir£i-nation,and
that vuthm the bounds of 10° w^n's of the Tre?-
8ury, ina'.ufdtiu1- s ciigh' tak„ 1 reaction There
was the full extent of itv doe rn e, ai d not one
step did ti go beyond a tan iff r k veou . It might
be sa-d that though this was a tai if ior revenue
only, and not for proteo ion, jet as ihw right of
discrimination w ih 1 ¡as wan  dile T ea^ury
was adaiitted,'h.ttierefo>-e it boior ged to the Com.
mtttee on Manufact.,re üa< t^e two subjects
could not se-ara'ed T at 1 art of the menage
which relat'd to reveiue, a I its incident
only rr-ich. the ^cn lemán *ran ed to con
sider as tne principal, a.id iVrcfore earry
it to tne Co-inn ee on ManaiactarcS, be-
longed clearly to the Co-nmi ee of Ways and
Means Ta  gentian, onever w sfor irakmg
the incident-ipenoi ti tf  vrruoal. the runoi
greater than in   -naj ', rr 1 iu ¡aef o {.oveit it.
Mr F03TET ot Geo «a c'is rved 'hit ne had
turned to the rales ri the Hou-e to a certa.a
what viere we app tim " du ie^ if tie Cooamittee
on Manufactures, a _d ¿li ¡ha he cou'd find «as,
that among the s 'iu.ii  eomnn .ees there «ai 01 e
of that name No cutos v,ere assigned to them
by the rul«, ml Ie, lor one, «as prepared to
watch what w„s as ig led >o it-em by me Hou e
In the Corstitutioii of the Ih. tei St<u°- he found
no poier given to C1 gre - en the vabj ct 01 ma-
nufac'ure , and he u tid no i! crtfoie see the au-
tho ity for cons ' u ing a s and.ng committee to
lake charge of ¡nem M" F r'ad from me Con-
stitution "the h t of r "-'° give- ,0 Congress
and «id that tne-e % s rrl one word on the
subject of manufac is es in H He irade thw
a serious question P"«v¡?red okio  what au-
thority th"ie was io, c launs tni-,eommit>ee The
. Southern m mbet-, mus h->\2 rt on thnr p^sts
i when they first p . ed m cifance 11 to mis
! House They fe esa not'fe da a;ers enclosed in
that wooden horse, or they nfW «ouldhive per-
mitted it to cms withm these walls When the
celebrated tariff act was parsed, -a h-ch shook thi-.
Union to its centre, a patriot and statesman, now
 o more, whose voice had so often resounded m
that hall—he alluded to tbe lamented Warren R.
Davis of South Carolina—to put the question to
the test, and to make the act appear what it was
intended to be, moved that its title should read "an
act for the protection of domestic manufactures "
The friends of the measure had the power to do it
¡f they pleased, but they were afraid of the Su-
preme Court, and refused to give the act that title.
They were afraid that the Supreme Court would
decide that they had not the power to protect ma-
nufactures. Mr. F. continued h s remarks at some
length in support of the amendment, after which
Mr RHETT followed on the sam? side He
did not understand the message as recommending
a tariff with a vit-w to protection, b ' h? under-
stood it as meaning a tariff for the purposes of re-
venae He al o understood the message as say-
ing that while 'hey were legislating with a view to
the raiding of revenue, there should be such dispo-
sition made 10 the laying of tases as to give a be-
nefit to manufactures Toe doctrine was a popu-
lar one, but he entirely dissented from it Where
did protection commence? It was invariably at
the point where revenue ceased. The only way
in which th  domestic manufacturer was to be be-
nefitted is to have bis yard of cloth intro-
duced into the consumption of the country
m lieu of that which comes in by ímpor-
•dtion, and pays a du.y nto the Treasury.
In that po nt < f v ew, how was it possible to make
a tariff bolh for revenue and ¡or protection? The
ti>o were ep.irely incompatible with each other.
Yoa mii't exclude the foreign importation, and
ih s is to destroy revenue, before you can give pro-
tection to the manufacturer If the two were in-
compatible, as he contended ihey were, hr>w were
they to preset mfufacu'es unless they imposed
du íes for the o^t u- on 1 f commfce, and th 
c.i eqj-rt Jc'ij , n cf '-vesue The tine had
bos' to.-e WBcn hi-.qaesti.ja mus' be settled, nine
years it had been agua ed on this floor While
•hey were about legislating on the first s'ep, he
urged them to be careful to commit the subject to
the committee to whtea it belonged. If the House
intended a duty for revenue, or incidentally for
protection, the subject shou d go to the Committee
of Ways and Means. V the principal object was
p>o'ection, ihea tne subj =ct should go to the Com-
raiupe on Manufac'ures.
Mr R m explanat on of a quest-on asked by
Mr Brigqs, said that he was not for interfering
with the t rms of the Comnomise act He was
wil ing to have an ad valorea- duty on ail articles,
and in that way manufacturers might get some pro-
tection.
Mr. FILLMORE said the first objection that
had been made to tbe ref rence 01 this pan of the
message to the Commut e on Manufactures was,
that this committee had no  pecific oaties assigned
to it in the rule.   He had taken some little irouble
to look into the his.ory ot tna' comm-ttee, for the
pj'poseof =-eing,  as be found it had no spec fie
oat,es s s -no1 to 't bj   the rJ e, writ 1 u íes bad
Uen  a>«iija  to it  by  fte usa.e of th « House
He foand mat tats commut e -svas laised u 1819,
aid t>?t, as ouen as .ie geac.al qie<t on of tie
to'1 tf nad been uo since t at tiu , it nal been in-
variably re erred to  that ommntee.    [tie then
vent m'o a historical accoant of the exis'enc-of
tne committee, in conn^t jh wi-h the vanou  tariff
b 11- si ce >U ong.n, shoving t. at the quea'ion of
l^e tariff had aaucmiy been refe-xed to thii com-
mittee ]
A though the rules of this Housfc bad nit pie-
-cnbed the dunes ct this cotrm ttte, jet the u^age
ot this House had sVwi, that this was :he appro-
pr-ate committee to vhieh this subject should be
referred He conies.ed tnat he could no account
«or ihe sensibiitty in the Hou-e on this sabject—
why a commit.ee, because t was nanv>d a Com
¡in ue oí Wajs und Mean-s, rrngnt no' as well in-
troduce a bill for ihe protection of manufactures
as a Committee on Manufacture,. Tne whole
subj-ct wou 4 bi beiore tie one to wbvh it was
i-ferred, aud the name or the committee mile no
difference. Probably the reasen which had ope-
rated on previous Congre-=sis for referring this sub-
ject to the C jmtmttee on Manufac.ares, and not of
Ways and Means, was, that ths latter committee
had been overburdened with the business they had
to attend to. It was a'so known that the Commit-
tee on ¡Manufacture?, unless this subject were as-
signed to them, had little or no business to perform;
and that, if duties were levied strictly with a view
to revenue, they require the investigation of the
manufactures and commerce of this country be-
yond what any committee could give the subject
whioh does not devote their enure time to it.
How did the subject stand? It must be home
in mind that a bill v-as passed at the last session for
revenue alone, without leference to manufacture;.;
taat the bill made a very slight discrimination on
the various articles imported, and that the legis-
laron was so hasty on this subject that it was
utterly impostóle that the committee could make
the nece-sary investigation to know how it would
affect oar domestic interests Here, then, they
had duties imposed up to ih" maximum of the
compromise by ths bill of last session; and, at
that time, it was the general understanding that
the subject needed revision, for the purpose of see-
ing whether these general duties did not require
some discrimination for the genera! interests of this
country It seemed to him that this sub,ect pro^
perly belonged to the committee which had b"en
invariably charged with it. He could not gee how
a test question could be made on this subject. It -
had be n said that the Committee on Manufac-
ture, was unconstitutional. It was strange that a
commit.ee which was unconstitutional had been in
exigence, and charged with important duties, for
twenty years, md nobody had before discovered
its unconstitutionality. Was it of the least im-
portance from what comnt'ee a bill camel It
could not be. The only question was, how can
the business be be¿t don —what committee can de-
vote tbe most tine to tbio sutj ct, so a« to make
these laws fot tne interests oí me country and peo-
ple? It seemed to mm only by distributing the
business among tne committees The truth was,
they ought to have a committee on this sublet, or
a commission for the purpose of collecting infor-
mation for the use of this House, there was no
danger in having too much light on the subject.
If the House saw fit to order tms subject to the
Committee of Ways ana Means, he, for one, was
wilting to devote all the time possible to this sub-
ject. He had made his motion because he bel.eved
this a subject of vast importance to the country,
and that a committee charged with it exclusively
would be more likely to do justice to it than the
Committee of Wa>s and Means, burdened as they
w«re wuh other business He was willing the
Hou*e should,do as they saw fit. [A. modification
of the resolution had been presented to him, which
he was about accepting, when, at the request of
seveial member", he declined to do so, leaving the
resolution in its original form ]
Mr ERIGSS was oppose! to ihe habit of anti-
cipating subject fot oebate, which wai practised in
ih s Hon e, and -ho il I routine h mself to the point
befor  the Hou«-e, viz to which of ihe two stand-
ins commi tees ot th-s Hou-e tie subject of the
tariff, as ref r *d to m .he Piesident'^ message, be-
longed.   The appropriate d ¡ty of the Committee
of Wavt and Means was prescribed; there were no
duties particularly laid down for tne Committee on
Manufactures; but eve'y boay Knew that it was se-
leced for the purpo e ot affording, as far as possi-
ble, the greatest amount of mfcrmatwn on this
o-reat Mi'-ject of manufactures
" Tne ques'.on now came up, to which standing
cotpr„ttee should be referred that part of the Presi-
den 's mtssa?e wmch ?p aks expressly, directly,
and in unequivocal terms of imposing duties for
revenu-, but incidentally for protection to the ma-
nuiactuung interests of the country.   Gentlemen
must ml make a false issue here.   They talked of
lavmg duties for protect-on,   Toere was no such
proposition in the message, and conseqoen ly none
b°fore this Hou-=e    The gentleman trom Seuth
Carolina [Mr. RsETTlhad met ihis qaesuon as he
always did, he had told ¡hem that he met it directly
in i.s teeth, and that duties fo   the purpose of rais-
in<r revenue are to be made without any regard to
the manufacturing interests ot the country; and the
gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Athertoh]
had told them he was willing to meet H on the tru$
