á2
C9 ^rpIiqi m qygpfc..
reported back to the Senate, without amendment,
the bill for the relief of Margaret Jamison.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported, without amendment, the following bills :
A bill granting a pension to David Waller;
A bill granting a pension to William Rand;
A bill to provide for the allowance of invalid
pensions to certain Cherokee warriors under the
provisions of the 14th article of the treaty of 1835;
and recommended their passage.
A bill for the relief of Margaret Barnes, widow
of Elijah Barne ; and recommended that it pass
with an amendment.
Mr. BATES, ftom the Committee on Pensions,
reported, without amendment,
A bill in favor of Mary Snow;
,' A bill for the relief of Joseph Bawell; and
A bill for the relief of John McCloud.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee of Finance,
reported-back, without amendment, the bill making
appropriations in part for the support of the civil
department of the Government for the vear 1842.
Mr. E. asked that it might be considered then.
Mr. KISG asked if he rightly understood the
Senator as reporting back the bill without the
amendment that had been suggested? If so, he
should be obliged to object to its consideration until
he had time to prepare an amendment. He could
not perceive the propriety of Congress making
partial appropriations for itself, and neglecting
others. He should endeavor, by a separate mo-
tion, to do justice to those equally entitled. It was
well known that the general appropiialicn bills
are uniformly protracted till the latter part of
the session—frequently till the very last week
of the session; and in consequence of that pro-
traction, the salaries of clerks and the claims of
others dependent en the action of Congress were
thrown into the hands of brokers snd shavers, who
charged three per cent, per month for advances.
The Senator from Maine remarked, ths other day,
that the reason why the bill did not cover the claims
on the civil list was, that the estimates ef the De-
partments were noi jet before Congress. This,
certainly, could be no excuse; for, if it was, it
ought to operate against the bill iteelf. If appro-
priation in part cm be made for members of
Cengress without the estimates, why could
it not be made as well lor the other
known salaries and claims on the civil
list? The l%ws of the regular sessions w.:uld show
the usual amount necessary to appropriate for this
purpose. Surely from that dala an estimate suffi-
ciently accurate could be made, to authorize a ge-
neral act, which n-ight he pa^s.d at this time,"n
well as this partial act. He trusted a sense of jus-
tice would influence the Sena'e to ¡nsxe such
amendment as would carry into effect the obj ct ha
had ¡n view. If time were al.owed, by pos-pone-
ment, he would prepare an amendment
Mr, EVANS said that he had intended to acco o-
pany the bill which he had reported, with a w.-rdof
explanation; and that, if the Senator from Alaba-
ma had waited a moment, he would not h tie made
the remarks !o which th?y had listened, and which
were not exactly called for. Undoubtedly a great
reform was necessary in their mode of doirgWi-
ness, but, for several jears past, it had beenBu=mal
for Congress to make appropriations of the cha-
racter here presented. He concurred in there-
jnaiks of the Senator from Alabama the other day,
with regard to the early pajmentof all the officeVs
of the Government; but he would here remark,
that the Committee on IAnance, of wb.ch he was
the chairman, were entirely unable, at so fhort a
notice, to propose such a bill a? the Senator indi-
cated; and th-.y, therefore, came to the ecr,c!u:ion
to have a conference with the Comra.ttee of Ways
and Means of the other Housj, so as to have a
general bill introduced there to'cover the objects
suggested. A portion of me money to be appro-
priated by this bill ivas de, ¡mo was wanted; but
this was not true so far ss the salaries of the
officers of Government was concernid; for th 
appropriation made by the last Congress ex-
tended through the whole y-. ar, up to the first
day of January next. No appropriation*, there
fore, for the clerks and others was neces.
pry   to be  made until the fist  of February
But the Senator from Alabama said that the
Committee on Finance could have framed a bill
from the eittsaates of previous sessions, as this bill'
must have been predicated upon former data.
How did he know that?' He would tell him, how-
ever, that the Committee on Finance h^re and the
Committee of Way* and Means in the other
House had been furnished with the estimates on
which" the bill was founded. It was well known
that the estimates from the Treasury Department
must be sent to the othe? House, printed, and six
or eight days neesssari'y pass ere they were laid
upon the tables of the members. By looking to
the laws, it would be perceived that this making of
appropriation billswasnot so easily performed as the
Senator imagined; and before doing so, the House
had allowed thirty days after the estimates were sub-
mitted,so thatthey might be carefully examined. He
hoped that the Senator from Alabama would save
himself the trouble of introducing a bill at this
time, as the object of the present one was -to make
appropriation for present liabilities; and he would
tell the Senator that Messrs. Blair aad'Rives had
a claim against the Senate, amounting to §37,000;
and there was also due to ¡he printers of the same
Congress upwards of $23,000 or #95,000 more.
But this was not all; the contingent fund of bo'h
Houses was in debt for printing, engraving, bock-
binding, &c. for the last Congress. $ 150,000, for
whxh tae Inst session was not responsible.
Mr. KING remarked that the work was not
done.
Mr. EVANS said that it wai, and a portion of it
had been delivered, $12,750 on account of which
was due in 1840, aitheclts* of the reaular session,
besides the printing for the extra session, and other
expenses. He hoped that the Senator from Ala-
bama would let the bill pa^s, with an assurance that
another bill would, in al! probabtli'y, be passed to
meet the just claims of the officer,- and clerks of the
Government, when they became due. If Consress
would commence the work of making appropri-
ations in advance, and make the first1 or sec'.nd
week of the year commence on the first rf July, a
great ¡ravine: and convenient: , and a shortening of
ihe sessions of Congress w.'uld, perhape, be the re-
sult. He hoped ¡hat a reform would spr-edilv b3
made in the manner of conducting ihe legislative
business of the na'ion.
Mr. KING inquired if the bill was regularly be-
foie the Seii.Ve.
The CHAIR replied that it was; and put the
question on its third readio?.
Mr. KING expected it would have been allowed
to come up regu'arly in the o-ders of ihe day. But,
as it was now before Ihe £!en;ite he would say that
he was gUd to hear the fcienstor from Maine ex-
press such determination, to enter upon reform. H?
was happy to find him setting himself to work to
effect that orj Cc. He hoped to see reform carried
into practice, and that ihe Senator would give
evidence ¡hat it is not to b? coafined
merely '.0 a declaration of intention. I
is slid this bi'l is risht because t>e
same thing has been done for years. This W
urged as a reason why it must be done now, and
chance igkcn that another bill will iotrojueed be-
tween this and the lit of Jtrmary, for the payment
of the (ili<vrs of Government. D'c any one ex-
pect this will tealiy be doyp? Does not'evcrv one
know, trcir- expenenoo of tie past, tint if ¡his bill
is passed for the compensation of mem'e.'s them-
selves, they wi Icecoms heedless of the wants of
others, and let claimants on the Government wp.it
for mon'h ? For years past this system b*s ex-
isted, and sreat in jury has been inflicted on indivi-
dual-.-, for which Conjre.'S was entirely to ¡dame,
because it did not make appropriates in time for
their salaries as fixed by Jaw, Tf the gsn'le-
m>.n did not intend to propose any <?har, /ir. t«.-
salaries <f those effiee.-s, there e.euW no rr r>rie>y
:n delaying 'keapprop-uvioa for the fell' amount
auihn-z.'dby law. tie hoped he wmid let the
Senate know what w.is hi j in'ention. It no cha"'"-'
was intended, he co-aid not see «here ih; difie'il"?
of making the appropriation now in this bill ex-
isted. If the same salaries are to be continue' the I
laws of Coagrest may be referred to for ¡suida'nee
Why not, then, be ready to meet the salaries as
they fall due, and avoid forcing these officers to
wait an unreasonable time—perhaps for months—
to obtain their pay. He could ¡r.ot perceive why
it was that there should be any delay, when the
committee had conferred with the committee of the
ether House.
Mr. EVANS interposed ¡0 say his expression
was that the committee uiouli confer. What he
had said was that ih°- Committee on Finance would
confer wiih the Committee of Ways and Means,
with a view to the introduction of another bill, as
the better mode of doing justice to thoce whose
claims wou:d fa'I due on the first of February.
Mr. KING observed that ¡he gentleman then
only intended to confer with the commiitee in the
other House: But all knew that it was much bat-
ter to amend this bill, and much easier to pass it
through, than to originate another bill. He would
ask where wai the 6s; of such baste with this bill?
Would it not be better to wait a few days, and
have ail necessary appropriations embraced in the
one bill?
Great stress had been laid on the expenditures of
the last Congress. Appropriations were then made
for all the claims due upon the Government. He
knew that extraordinary expenditures—expendi-
tures that couid not in any st-rr:e be justified—ex-
penditures of the grea'est extravagance—had
grown oat of the extra session, and had exhausted
the contingent fund, Ttie sums due to the print-
ers of the last Congress had been mentioned as out-
standing; but all the other sums enumerated by the
Senator, amounting to some $150,000, originated
¡n the pxtra session. The claims on Government
commence the moment Congress makes the appro-
priations.
He would ask the Sen? tor whether be, in bis'con-
seience, believed if the bill we-; not eo amended,
an appropriation woaM irnmed-'ately-be rca'V for
these fa'anes? He knew ttat the task of omparirg
¡he necessary amendment would be laborious; but
he wasreiviy pad wi-i.ng ¡0 un-ier'ake ¡t. If the
Senate thought it better to 02s-: the bi'l and tru-:t
to the influence ef the S na'or for another appro-
priation bill, so be it. Ho cor/e/er believed ¡he
bes: plan was to amend the present Mil. He could
not conclude wiihc;' r.saio swing In was r;jo;ced
ie hear that great rcrort.i was raeeMa'ei. He knew
'hat reform cotdd be made, and he 'runted that the
sets of ihf cee-tiesia-i and «is friends \vou¡d prove
the sincerity of 'he rjromi=e.
Mr, WOODBURY fa,l fiat atte^p's to have
appropriations ina'e k accordance tvitb úe views
<,f the Senator from A.hb-ma. had often been made,
but always i'?..ii,-,i. 0,0 -.-¡0 o^a-ion, <k or eijht
years ag', an ¡¡•ppiopn.jiion in advance of what
would fall due bar', been made; but he d d net re-
collect any c-se o>' th- k;r:d s.r.ce. He app'ohead-
ed that ihe vie.vs e,f lot- the S nat.rs cou d b- ac-
complished, an-! that C.m.-.re=s c-u'd now mike
appropriation for wha* wts ao'ua'ly due; sr_d be-
fore more iecame du , they could "make another
appropriation. Ai ¡he cittmatej wonll come in
by the Istof J?iv:ar-, they co-jll then pic-pare a
bill and ctvry jt through for'hw;.h. Aim lin only
way to do this v.is by a c„r,f -rere; bpiseta ire
Commilt-.e on Firnn.-..- an! th- We,-sand Moans.
The appropriate, f;-r the t.-v Ha^vhe Go-
vernmcr.*-, t's-í f k'
could be made i,¡ ^o •.
dependent of or,-);' 0
ej, nobf dy w.b1 ! i •>
priation lilis for e'e^
if leoort-3!, ¡c sep r •
He thf-n rp' ',e . r'
using the -i-v--;, p,.(1,..!
funds appiop;'-.,,,,; ; ,
veas hy the 'c ■;•• n ,u ,, nf tha'
funis rpo-rp-,.-.   i   ].,    ,|lf>   i„
wbolo year, wcr?  u-,ed i>i do'ra
•?Xfens'-s . f u,„   rs ,-n   ; .,- ,,,,
'..hich '-err r v. :\!"<cvk^,,: , v :, i
.".p.-inp-k',,))^, ai ¡'i'- f-x:--. *■ --M'
sir. Buchanan ¡i-.o-, :.d
s'oo.i ihe S^nai" r fro
bid should be poMpon. d rn'.l to-morrovv, he tvoaid
have an amendment prepared?
Mr. KING replied that ho would look into the
appropriations made at the regular session, and en,
■vac'.,'
■' 'ei.i
'" • 1..- jou.cicry,
ii""! pa'-'-ecl oie m-
;'.-!ru!d be-iklay-
. thc-.ta' appro-
•  c.idd b.-. parsed,
e ef o- c C ugters
,n t c co.it nsei t
.d i.ifen. 1] diat ¡t
praciiee t >at the
C--i;:>re - for tho
'■g the contingent
hto'i  ii-'eiv'tned,
•  ^p^.ici by the
ll<* UlHier-
'''M to pay ilia! if ihe
