C©J\G-RESSIOHAjL CHLOBE.
27th Cong.........2d Sess.
MONDAY, DECEMBER 3,7, 1841.
Continued from Mb. 2.
deavor to prepare such an amendment as would
meet the objects which he had in view.
. Mr. TAPPAN hoped that the bill would be post-
poned so as to enable the Senator from Alabama to
prepare his amendment; and, with that view, he
would move that the bill be laid upon the table.
The question was then taken, but the motion was
disagreed to; and the bill was then read the third
ime, and passed.
The PRESIDENT pro. (em. laid before the Se-
nate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
made in compliance with a resolution of the Se-
nate, showing the amount of the public lands sur-
veyed and prepared for market in the State of Lou-
siana, and also what amount of lands in said State
hare been advertised for sale by proclamation and
the sale afterwards postponed, and the reasons of
soch suspension: referred to the Committeee on
Printing, to be printed.
Also, laid before ths Senate the annual report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, on the state of the
finances, which was referred to the CommiUce on
Finances, and to the Committee on Printing, to be
printed.
Engrossed bill for the relief of James Smith of
Arkansas, was read the third time and passed.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON,
The Senate went into an Executive session, and,
after ,some time spent therein, the doors were
opened, and the Senate adjourned,
Volume 11--.No. 3.
-o! be brier to lo-
ft   oa U:-   iff, of
■ ort'd i:i i b' dene,
lie ; Ijcd on the
;; ii it ri;ht to i lec.
>',  ?i.! **■.'.'   th'-m the
1 i'.-r ,h ; ."cut ar-
.f 1, c i'...i o, :he Re-
ñid b1 inr.de under
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 20, J 841.
Mr. SNYDER submitted the following, which
,, he wished to be passed in the form of a joint re-
solution, so as to make the practice of the House
conform to that of the Senate on the subject of
printing. The resolution, Mr. S, observed, was
the same as that passed by the Senate a few days
ago:
Resolved, That a joint committee en the part of
the House be appointed, to whom shall te referred
• every question on the printing of documents, re-
ports, er other matter, transmitted by cither of the
Executive Departments, and all memorials and
petititions accompanying document?, together with
all other matter, the printing of which shall be
moved, excepting bills originating in Congress, re-
solutions offered by any Senator, and motions to
print, by order of the standing committees of the
Senate, of reports, documents, or other matter per-
'taining to the subjects referred to such committees
by the Senate, and communications from the re-
spective States; and it shall be the duty of such
committee on printing to report in every case, in
one day, or sooner, if practicable.
The SPEAKER having decided the resolution
to be out of order—
Mr. 3. moved a suspensisn of the rules lo ena-
ble him to .get itio; but the motion was decided in
the negative without a couat.
Mr. EVERETT wisdied to make a suggestion
for the consideration of the House, which, he
thought, might lead to a better atrangement of the
location of the Reporters. We finí, said he, great
difficuUies exwt i;¡ accurately reporting the debates
and proceed ngs of t^e House, m consequence of
the inconvenient location vi th? Reportéis. Now,
as there were bat iwo rt(-r;-- ^h.j ü'obe -nd In'el-
ligencer) that at all aU.-o p.* d t- g v? io:l kports,
he tuggive.* whether it >-■ u ■'
cate the,r Tí-potters n "! ■ ',
the CleiIt's uh!e.
Mr. WELLE?. roted .ii .
Hewi-hidal!  the 11-[-oners r
same lootii Lr, and  di i  ::ot  H
the Keponelr  of tvo  ro iJ >'.
beiH ^i*;iK.
The SPEAKER oVc-vm
langement  v.i h  ivgari to t:.e
porter?, was therrit thato-nUtv mr.de under the
tircumilances.    T::e plan suggested by t,¡e gentle-
man from Vermont had already b'.en taken under
his consideration, but severa! gentlemen having
expiessed so decided an opposition to it, it had been
rejected.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be the following branch of the resolution
heretofore offered by Mr. Fillmore, in the words
fo'lowing:
Resolved, That so much thereof, [i. e. of the Pre-
sident's message] as relates to the tariff be referred
to the Committee on Manufactures.   |
Which resolution Mr. Atherton had heretofore
moved to amend by striking out the wlrds "Com-
mittee on Manufactures," and inserting the v?ords
"Committee of Ways and Means."      >        '
A conversation took place between M|. ADAMS
and the SPEAKER in relation to tqe order of
business.               -                                I
Mr. WELLER suggested to the Hope, that a
vote should be taken on those resolution^ (relating
to the reference of the President's messafe?) which
followed the resolution now under consieration,
and on which no debate would take piafe. The
reference of the subject of the apportionment of
Representatives would give rise to no controversy.
He wa^ desirous that this subject Miould be acted
on, in order to give to the State Legislatures an op-
portunity to lake it up at iheir present sessions.
He hoped, therefore, that the House would consent
to take up the other branches of the resolution of-
fered by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Fill-
more.]
The SPEAKER said it could be done by general
consent.
Mr. SOLLERS objected.
Mr. WELLER moved a suspension of the rule;
and, on the suggestion of Mr. Calhoun, modified
his motion so as to confine it to that portion of the
message which related to the census and appor-
tionment.
Mr. BRIGSS submitted to the Speaker that th
very business on which the House was now en-
gaged (ihe unfinished business, to wit) was itself
being proceeded in under a suspension of the rule ;
and that he apprehended another motion to suspend
was not in order.
The SPEAKER expressed a contrary opinion.
Some conversation* followed between Messrs.
LEWIS WILLIAMS, SOLLERS, WELLER,
and ADAMS.
When the Clerk announced that the branch of
the resolution relating to the census and apportion-
ment had already been referred.
So the conversation dropped.
And the House proceeded with the unfinished
business, the question being oa the amendment of
Mr. Atherton to the resolution of Mr. Fillmore,
as slated above.
Mr. SLADE was entitled to the floor, and ad-
dressed the House at great length in favor of the
reference to the Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. S. said that he would not have said a word
on this subject, if the Speaker had not placed him
on ¡he Committee on Manufactures, and were it
not mote especially for the fact that he (Mr. S.)
represented a constituency deeply interested in this
question, and who, of course, looked to him to de-
fend their interests whenever it was brought under
eon. iderauon. He felt also compelled to say some-
ih.ne, from the fai't that the Leg nature of 'he
Sta'i wbicn he in part reprevntcd had passed re-
solutions ¡n this s.-bject, v.hch iurni.-he 1 ¡>n e\--
crl'ertt summary of i^e arjuuier.w when shonld
b.> urged in .aver of !>'e pro.; ctr.c s}stirs; and, a?
1. .■ iV-ired t-i make thec re.-vlatious a part o'' hU
speech, a- well a- th? rra-cn- v.- eh ho wished t-,
addr-'-s to ¡he LU'UiC, Le w.-vsld atk that they m^v
l'f rest1..                                                                     !
The  i evolutions vecre Lore ie.r' by the Clerk,   I
a^d Mr.", proceeded:
It would seem that ¡.e w\ . t":-,e :cq-js'eJ, by aa
authority hfi was booed to iv ,■• f. ¡J use his best
em'eavcis to obuhi the r;v.?a e o, law-W'er the
pnroosc of prott cling eluncstic manufactures.
Tbis he should endeavor to do, not only by votwg,
=3ft
but, on all proper occasions, so far as he was able,
by Riving the reasonstwhich influenced his voles.
Under ordinary circumstances, a mere question
of reference would nof naturally and properly in-
volve the whole merjtrs of the question.   But the
queition of reference was so presented now, as
very properly, from the nature of the case, to in-
volve the consideration of its merits.   He was not
surprised, therefore, at the range which the debate
had taken.   If the question arose now, for the
first time, what direction should be given to the
subject   of  manufactures—whether  the  House
should raise a Committee on Manufactures or
raise a Committee of Ways and Means, to con-
sider the subject, that would be another thing; but
they were not in that position.   They had a Com-
mittee on Maaufactures, and they had a Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, not only established by
the rales of tbe present session, but which had
their foundation in the long-settled policy of the
country.   And yet an attempt was now made to
divert this subject from its long-accustomed,  na-
tural, and appropriate channel, and to give it a
new one.    This could not be done under existing"
circumstances, without sending abroad an impres-
sion over the country that the protective policy
was, in point of fact, altogether abandoned.   It
would in fact amount to the abolition, if he might
so   speak, of the   Committee on  Manufactures.
There was, therefore, a peculiar reason   why the
friends of the protective system should take their
stand upon this question of reference.
This consideration was strengthened by a refe-
rence to the appropriate duties of the two commit-
tees. The House had a Committee of Ways and
Means, and it had a Committee on Manufactures.
This resolution proposed to refer the message of
the President, so far as it related to manufactures,
to the Committee on Manufactures. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr.
Atherton] proposed to take it away from the
Committee on Manufactures, and give it to the
Committee of Ways and Means. The gentleman
had not told the House why he would thus change
the ordinary and established direction—why he
would take the subject away from the obviously
appropriate committee, and give it to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. The gentleman had not,
nor had any other member, taken up the rule esta
bli'.hing the Committee of Ways and Means, and
shown that that would be the proper committee of
reference. No on.e bad attempted, and no one
would attempt for a moment to do so. They found,
from the very face of tbe ruis, that the Committee
of Ways and Means had necessarily and properly
nothing to do with the subject of manufactures—
that the range of their inquiries did not necessarily
touch this subject. Mr. S. here read and com-
mented fully upon tbe 78th rule, with a view to
show that upon no proper construction of it could
the range of inquiry claimed for that committee on,
matters involving the protective system, belong to
it. If the House had so intended, it would have
expressed that intention; and the neglect to do this
was sufficient evidence that the House did not in-
tend to do it. And yet gentlemen desired to foist
upon the Committee of Ways and Means a set of
duties i.e-ver contemplaled by the House.
Bu' tiere wjs another still stronger circum-
s'acce m favor of this view. There was another
ru'c of the House which provided for a Committee
en .V.anufaC'Ures; so th.-.t we had net only the ne-
pa"Ve te-titrony anstrg from no such specifica-
li us of do1  in the rule establishing tbe Commit,
t-e"cf Wtjs'and Means, but we had positive testi-
mony in" the et'abli'hment of the Committee on
Mai'U'"'C.!urfs, tnc very name cf which sufficiently
ind-ca\-d 'he ranae of its du'ies.
Mr. S. enlarged on ¡his view of the case, eon•
ler.t'ins ibat «rider the rule, or under the tiew of
the subject given in the me;?sRi of the President,
(from which he quoted,) the Committee ofWays
and Means could no: take into consideration the
subject of manufacturer, unless specially instructed
