©ONGBESStONAl* GLOBE.
'n
ageiicy where issued. But the amount so depo-
sited shall never exceed in the whole hfteenmillions
of dollars, to be distributed by,the Board among
its several agencies according to the extent of their
business respectively; and for issuing such certifi-
cates no higher premium shall be demanded than
shall be sufficient to indemnify against the hazard
of loss and remunerate for the safekeeping the de-
posite, and in no instance to exceed the one-half
of one per cent. But paper issued by the Board
and its several agencies, whether in the form of
bills or of certificates of deposite, shall be redeema-
ble only at the place where issued, unless the
Board shall see cause to order otherwise.
Seo. 6. And be it further enacttd, That it shall be
the duty of the said Board of Exchequer, within
three months after its first organization, to establish
such by-laws and rules of proceeding as it may
" judge expedient and proper for the regulation of its
concerns, and the government of its agencies; and
copies of all existing by-laws and regulations shall
be laid before Congress every year at its annual
session.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the Se-
cretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized and
directed to cause to be prepared Treasury notes of
denominations not les?, than five dollars nor exceed-
ing one thousand dollars, which notes shall be
signed by the Treasurer of the United States and
countersigned by ttse president of the Board of Ex-
chequer, and made payable to the order of the
principal agent at each agency, and shall be by him
endorsed -when issued at such agency, and which
notes shall he redeemable and shall be redeemed in,
gold and silver on demand, at the agency where
issued; and Treasury notes intended to be issued by
the Board of Exchequer at the seat of Government
shall be in like form, and shall be payable to the
order of the commissioners, and shall be endorsed
by some one of them when issued, and shall be re-
deemable and redeemed at said Board, on demand,
in gold and silver; and exact and perfect lists of all
notes so signed shall be kept at the Treasury; and
all Treasury notes issued under the authority of
this act may, when redeemed, be reissued by the
Board'and its agencies respectively.
Seo 8. And be it further enacted, That the
amount of Treasury notes issued and outstanding
shall not, at any one time, exceed the amount of
fifteen millions of dollars, unless otherwise ordered
or provided by law; and the Secretary of the Trea-
sury is authorized, from time to time, on the ap-
plication of the Board of Exchequer, to furnish for
its own use and that of its several agencies a suita-
ble amount of such notes, to be used in the transac-
tion of its business; and all dues to the XJnitsd
States, or any officer or department thereof, may
be paid in gold or silver coin, in Treasury note  is-
sued under this act, or in the notes of banks which
shall be immediately convertible into specie at the
place where received.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the Board
of Exchequer at the seat of Government and each
of its agencies shall settle weekly, or oftener, with
all banks in their neighborhood vhos?, nap r they
may have received, and pay or collect, üs the ca<-e
rr.ay be, all balances between it and said barks;
and no individual shall be allowed at any time to
stand as debtor to !h: Exchequer or any of its agen-
cies in account; and it shall be the duty of said
Board of Esch- quer, and each of it-, several agen-
cies, at ail times, so to !¡mr. its issues that its giId
and silver on hand shall be equil to one-third the
amount of such issues outstanding.
Sec 10 Aid be if further enacted, That the said
Board of Exchequer Kay draw bills or drafts on
any of its agencie?, and may au.horlzjany agency
to draw bills or dra'ts on the Board or any other
agency, and may "ell and authorize its 8gBncies to
sell bills or dratts for a premium not exceeding the
fair cost of remitting specie to the place of pay-
ment, and in no cas? to exceed two per centum on
the amount of such bill or draft.
Sec. II. And be it further enac'.el, That it shall
be lawful for said Board of Exchequer avid each of
its agencies to purchase domestic bills of exchange,
subject to the following rules and regulations:
1. No bill of exchange shall be bought which is
payable in the same State or Territory in which it
is drawn, nor any bill payable within less than
------miles of the place of drawing.    .
2 Bills drawn on places not more than five
hundred miles distant from the place of drawing
shall not be drawn for a longer time than thirty
days from date; and bills drawn on places more
than five hundred miles from the place of drawing
shall not be drawn for a longer time than thirty
days from sight.
3. In no instance shall more be demanded from
the seller of such bill, by way of interest or ex-
change, than an interest not exceeding six per
cent, per annum for the time which the said bill
has to run, and a rate of exchange never exceed-
ing the cost of remitting specie, and in no case to
exceed two per cent. And it shall not be lawful
for the Board of Exchequer, or any agency, to
purchase any bill drawn by or upon any member
or officer thereof, or in which such member or offi-
cer shall in any way be interested; nor to receive
any deposite of any money belonging to any such
member or officer. And no bill shall be purchased
or draft sold at any agency, without the assent of
at least two of the officers of such agency; nor by
the Board of Exchequer without the assent of two
of its members.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That no
agency established in any State under the provi-
sions of this act shall, contrary to any law which
such State may enact, receive any other deposites
than those of the Uniied States, or make or sell
drafts, or purchase bills, other than such as shall
be necessary in the collection, transfer, and dis-
bursement of the public funds.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That if at any
time it shall be found necessary to carry on the
operalions of the Exchequer Board, and its agen-
cies hereby created, the Secretary of the Treasury
may cause to be prepared, issued and delivered to
the Exchequer Board, certificates of stock of the
TJiiited States, in the usual form, bearing interest at
a rate not exceeding five per centum per annum,
to an amount not exceeding five millions of dol-
lars, the interest of which shall be payable semi-
annually, and the principal shall be redeemable at
the pleasure of the Government after the expira-
tion cf twenty years from the issue thereof. And
it shall be lawful for the said Exchequer Board to
sell and transfer the said stock for gold or silver
coin, or bullion. And it shall be the duty of the
Exchequer Board to provide for the punctual pay-
ment of the interest on the said stock as it shall
become dee, and for the reimbursement of the
principal from the profits and other means and
resources of the Board and its agencies. But ths
fai'h of the Government, nevertheless, shall be
pledged for the payment of the interest aud the
principal of such stock.
Sec 14. And be it further enacted, That the Board
of Exchequer, and its several agencies, shall keep
separate and distinct sets of books, for the purpose
of entering and recording, in one set, all transac-
tions respecting the colleeiion, keeping, and disburs-
ing of the public revenue, a?.d transmitting the
public meneys from place to place for ¡he service
of Grvernrarnt, and in another, all transactions
and aceoar.ts arising from d a)tngs in exchange
and caer transactions not on Government account.
And all profits accruing from dealing in exchange
on individual aicount and from private deposites
sh 11 b  applied in the first place to Day all salanesand
compensation.-, end to defray .ill expeuses incurred
under the authority of this act, and the residue
thereof shall be placed semi-annually to ¡he credit
of the Treasurer of the United States: Provided, ne-
vtrthelts', That the said board may defer all such
credits to the Treasurer, until ¡he amount of pro-
fits aforesaid beyond expenses shall exceed two
millions of dollars, and may retain said amount of
two Millions as a fund to meet all contingencies
chargeable on the Exchequer and its agencies.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, Tnat if it
shall at any time becom  necebsary to bring suit
on any bid of exchange or other debt or liability
arising out of any transactions under the provisions
of this act, such suit may be brought in the name
of the United States in any Circuit Court of the
United Slates, or any Stats Court having comps-
tent jurisdiction.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That the "né-
cessary'rooms and vaults for the safekeeping of the
public moneys, and for the transaction of the bttsfc-
ness of the Board of Exchequer and i's agencies
shall be provided by the Treasury Department at
the city of Washington, and in the custom-house ,
mint, branch mints, and other public buildings be*
longing to the United States, so far as the same
can be furnished without detriment to the public
service: and where the same cannot be so furnished,
the said board may provide others.
Sec. 17. And be itfurther enacted, That it sbáll
be lawful for the said Board of Exchequer to ap-
point as agent for the Board my specie-paying
bank in any State in cases where it may not be
deemed expedient to establish an office or agen-
cy of the said Board, as hereinbefore provided;
but such bank shall not be authorized in any event
to receive deposites or to purchase or sell bills or
drafts on account of the Board of Exchequer.
Sec. 18. And be itfurtlier enacted, That full aud
exact accounts of the proceedings of the Board
and its several agencies shall be furnished to the
Secretary of ths Treasury as often as he may pre-
scribe; and it shall be the duty of the said Secre-
tary to lay abstracts of the same before Congress
at the commencement of each annual session, and
to furnish full and parlicularjaccounts and state-,
ments of the transactions of the Board and its
agencies when required by Congress; and the
amount of Treasury notes outstanding at the end
of every quarter shall, so soon thereafter as the
same may be ascertained, be published by the Se-
cretary of the Treasury.
Sec, 19- And be it further enacted, That if any
member of the Exchequer Board, or any officer or
clerk employed in its busines or any of its agen-
cies, shall convert to his own use, in any way, any
money or security deposited with or or belonging
to ¡he said Board or any of its agencies, or belong-
ing to the United States, or any other person or
persons dealing or depositing with the said Board
or any agency, he shall be deemed guilty of felony,
and, on coaviction thereof before any court of the
United Slates of competent jurisdiction, shall be
sentenced to imprisonment for a term not less than
------nor mote than------years, and to a fine equal
to twice the sum or value of the property embez-
zled.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That if any
officer or member of the Board of Exchequer, cr
any of its agencies established under the provi-
sions of this act, shall give or sign a false ceriifi-
cate of a deposit having b.en made with any
agency, or shall issue or deliver any draft or bill
of exchange without having received the full
amount thereof, and caused ¡he receipt of the same
to be duly entered in the books of the said agency,
or rhall be guilly of any other malpractice by
which any responsibility of the said agency, or of
the Board of Exchequer, cr cf the United States,
shall be improperly created < r increased, he shall
be deemed guilty of a miscenvaticr, cn-J, on con-
vicicr. there, f in ar.y court cf the Uui'ed States
of comprint jurisdiction, shf.ll be sentenced to
imprisonment i-r a term not less than ons year
nor more than seven yeaiv, fnd to a fine equal to
trie amount of the false ceitiiics.-e so §iven, or of
the bill o,' draft to issued or rlehvtred, cr to the
 mount of the responsibility so created or in-
creased.
Mr. LINN, agreeably to noi-er given, and ott
leave granted, introduced the bill "following, which
was read, viz:
A bill to repeal the distribution sections of the act
entitled "An act to appropriate the pi oceedt of the
seles of the public lands, and to grant -pre-emption
rights," approved the 4ih day   of September,
1841, and in lieu of the distiibution of the land
revenue therein proposed, to pledge the same to
the common defence of ¡he Union.
Be ii enacted by the Senate and Bouse of Rtprc
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled,   That the first, second, third, fourth,
fifth and sixth sections of the act aforesaid, being
so much thereof as provides for a distribution of
the public land revenue among the  States and
Territories, and the District of Columbia, shall be?
and the same hereby are, repealed.
