of human suffering, more property in a single
night—in a single city—than would be required to
place ourselves in a condition of comparative pro-
tection and security. It had been '.aid by gentle-
men distinguished m the nava) as well as the land
service, that we were not at this moment relatively
better prepared for a conflict with Great Britain
than we were at the commencement of the late
war, near thirty years ago. The nation felt this
to be a hazardous and shameful condition, in which
it ought not to be permitted to remain. The most
appropriate disposition of the bill, it struck him,
was that indicated by the Senator from South Ca-
rolina near him, [Mr. Calhoun. J Let it go to a
select committee.
Mr. ALLEN observed that he did not rise to
protract the discussion of the matter now before
the Senate—the motion to refer the b II to repeal
the Distribution act—but to express his sincere ue-
sire that the Senate would not allow itself to be
drawn into a protracted discussion of that or any
other general or exciting nature until Congress
should have passed the act to apportion the repre-
sentation among the States. There was neiiher
reason nor excuse for delaying action on that sub-
ject; it was work which had to be done, and should
be done first and quickly, as many of the States
would otherwise be compelled to hold extra ses-
sions at great and unnecessary expense.
For Congrf s , by machón and indifference to the
interests oí the S'ales to inflict the ills of such
burdens upon them, especially m their known con-
dition of embarrassment, would be the grossest in-
justice. He had, therefore, embraced this occa-
sion to call the attention of those who are more
paricularly charged with that subject, to
the matter; and to intimate to such as may be of
like opinions with himself, the impolicy of con-
suming too much time m the discussion of other
subjects vhich may witn more propriety be post-
poned. He should himself refrain froti saying
any thing >n reference to the present question, cal-
culated to protract discussion. He should merely
remark that he considered the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs was die proper committee to refer the
b 11 to. Th s it not mere!y a question ofiepea!.
It also embraces a pioposmon to apply the revenue
• derived from the public lands to the public defences
of the country. And the latter being the main ob-
ject, the Comm'ttee on Military Affairs, which had
especial charge of the means of defence, was cer-
tainly the proper commit ee to refer the bill to. It
was not a question applicable to the duties of the
Committee on Public Lands. It ought not to be
referred to that committee Not that he doubted
the ability of those forming thst commit'ee, but
that he conceived it cime more immediately
within the functic ni of the Committee on Mililary
Affairs. It did not appear to him th?t the obser-
vations of the Sena'or from South Carolina, in
preference of a vlect committee, were material
enough to liter his opinion as to the propriety of
referring the milter to the Committee on Military
Affairs. He supposed the object of the friends ot
the bill was simply tJ obtain a vote for the purpose
of testme the ques'ion. If so, it was almost a
matter of indifference what committee mi^ht be
named. If he must make a choice, ha would cer-
tainly prefer the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CALHOUN had no particular disposition
to piotract the question of reference; but he under•
stotdhs friend from Mi soun to have no objec-
tion to the reference of the bill to a select com-
mittee.
Mr LTNN exponed thpt, although he did not
at first allude at all to a select committee, h* had
no objection to that course, as his friends seemed
to prefer it
Mr. CALHOUN wou'd then at once move ro
refer the bill to a select eommitt e, to be named by
the Chair. The commi'tci in charge of the de-
fences ot the country, <• md tac't furnish a mem-
ber of the select committ-e, ¡ o thftthe whole sub-
let would be properly m charge of a competent
committee. This would be better than charging
any one of the standing comrai tees with the sub-
ject as it might be doubtful if one whote attention
was'exclusively turned «o a single branch of de-
fence, would fully appreciate other branches of
«fOJÍGÜESSíONAL GLOBfi.
defence. The select committee might consist of
six or seven, to bs selected as he had suggested,
and named by the Chair. He felt naturally great
solicitude on the subject cf the repeal of the Dis-
tribution act of last session, representing, as he
did, a State which, by an almost unanimous vote
of its Legislature—95 to 6—bad refused to accept
any part of the funds to be derived from his ab-
straction of one of Ihs sources of general revenue.
He was anxious that a bill to repeal a measure
condemned with such unanimity by the Legisla-
ture of his State, should have all the advantages
of a reference to its friends, with a viewofena-
bhrg thsm to present the subject to the country
fairly.
Mr. PRESTON said he was utterly averse to the
reference of this subject to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. It was not germam to that commit-
tee. It related to the public lands and to the de-
fences, and incidentally only was connected with
military affairs He was not sure that any re-
ference was necessary. It presented an isolated
question, familiar to the Senate from its recent ac-
tion upon it, and he was ready to act upon it as
soon as the Senator from Missouri should name a
day. He could see no reason why the Senate
should not act upon the bill without any reference
In regard to what had been said by the Senator
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Pierce,] he was
ready to second any efforts whie>> could be earned
into effect. We should remember, howe-er, in
our wish to gam physically more strength than we
have, that we do not destroy that vigor necessary
to sustain the internal strength of the country.
Our Treasury presented a most extraordinary con-
dition, and by the report b-fore n , it might be seen
that the deficit of the coding year wou.d be four-
teen million , and that we should want more than
we could get from commerce, from the public do-
main, and from all the sources of revenue in our
reach. With all thi«, we should be compelled to
borrow. In regard <o the principle of distribu-
tion, he regarded it as un<vise. For one, he could
not say that he had not changed his mind as to the
policy of distribution He bebeved it a measuia
which was adopted hastily, and without due con-
sideration. In spe?kin2 of the necessity of eco-
nomy, Mr P said he was sg i*ft>d that they should
want all the proceeds of the puh'ic lands rnr the
demands < f the Ger ril Government Every
souiee of revenue would be required Unconsti-
tutional he did not believe it; but, being unwise, he
agreed with his friend from Missouri, that the Se-
nate should retwc  its stens as soon as it could
He b-heved it to be the indispensable duty of Con-
gress first to build up a sound Treasury, it was
itportant that appropriations should be avoided,
unless they could see where the money was to come
from He w?rmly denounced the extravagint re-
commendations from the seveial departments. ?s
totally at variance with a oroper system of eco-
nomy, especially in the present exhausted condi-
tion of the Treasury.
Mr   BUCHANAN a'd"   sed the Senate as fol-
low-
Tpis su, is a ve*y lmnctatit question It is a
measure vhich will not only deeply affect lie
feelings of Senators, out of tne whole community.
My only desire, thereiore, is teat it shall goto
such committee as v '11 ¡nsi re its impartial consi-
deration, ard give a fair repon on ihe sudjcc1 to
the country It is o h tie impo-tan e to con end
tha1 it shciki b  ref rred to cue siaMing comm t-
tee. or t"> ano'her. Tnat, sr, is ,he reason  hv
I am it avri ol j ^leci rc-.rm'le , or unless it
o-oes to p 'elect commit "f, it Seuitois have rot
greatly cb" leed thf r rr nd, it «ill go 'o its ¿eat-i.
It a seUct coTinit ee be d-cidea on, I have full
confident" n thehrnPraWePrpsident's impartiality
in ihe selection I «ií sai]bficd that he will ap
pent si ch commute  as v di eivo the <ubject a
fqu censu'erifron L there is a^y stantV g con-
mitiee to which it onpht to be re'Vrtd, it i the
Committee oi Finance. I con<e s, sir, wi h the
Senatoi from South Carolina [«■ Frest^,] ,hat
I am snocked at the condi on of our finances, as
reported by the Secretary of the Treasury. This
seems strange, for our commerce has been in-
creasing.   We now export more than we import;
4Í
the revenue has gone beyond the estimates of the
year; and yet, we are told in this report, that
without any further expenditure than what our
existing laws and policy require, we shall have a
deficit in the Treasury for the next year, of four-
teen millions, and some hundred antl odd thousand"
dollars.* And how is it proposed to meet this enor-
mous deficit? Why, truly, the time of payment on the
balance of the loan authorized last session is to be
extended to eight years; that is, on six ailhons
and a half We are to raise five millions more
by Treasury notes-, and the remainder of the deficit
is to be raised by increased duties on our imports.
That, sir, is our condition; and in this condition,
wit hou t reference to the question of the distribution of
the paltry proceeds of the public lands for the pre-
sent year among the several States, we shall be
called upon to furnish the Treasury wi'h the means
of meeting this deficit. Sir, the Committee on Fi-
nance ought to take this subject up as a financial
measure They ought to see that there was an
entae mistake made when they consented to give
away any portion of the public property for the
benefit of the States or any one else. I agree es-
sentially with the Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Prestos,] if we are to have war—though I
do not fear it—the very best foundation on which
to rest our hopes—the very best means of nerving
the national arm—is to have a sound condition of
the Treasury. And in order to effect that, there is
but one course, and that course is economy; eco-
nomy, not in our professions, but m our practices.
Let us noi spend one dollar,unless the interests of our
country demand it. In what condition would we be
placed if we were to go on at the proposed rate of
expenditure another year' The Postmaster Gene-
ral proposes that we s^all increase our public debt
e'ght millions of dollars, and that a' the interest of
five per cent, per annum, amounting to four hun-
dred thousand dollars. And this to sustain the
rsil'oads of the country, and facilitate the trans-
mission of the mail I have not had time to read
the report of the Secretary of the Navy, but I un-
derstand it is an able, nay, a splendid document.
It proposes, I am told, to increase our navy to half
the s 7? of the British navy, without considering
that t>e cos' of our navy, man for man, and gun
for gun, is probably double that of the Bnt.sh
navy. Thus, with a revenue deficient fourteen
millions of dollars, we are indulging in the most
splendid prospects of glorious schemes. Sir, I am
in favor "f economy; but whilst I am in favor of
economy, I would not neglect the proper defences
of 'he country—I wou'd not yield a particle of our
ruhts to any nation on earth. Bat we must come
down from our high notions. When we are in
such an escumbered and embarrassed condition,
we ought to think of paying off our debts before
we think of such splendid schemes. And if I were-
in favor of distr.bution—if I were in favor of it as
a matter of public policy, to take from the revenue
the proceeds of the public lands, it eer'ainly would
noi be until after the payment of the public debt
and after our financ-s shall be re-estab'ished. Sir,
I am anxious that thi  bill should be referred to a
s"l ot i.cmna"°e, and that such a committee may
be a pointed, rs will make a report furnishing foil
information to ihe counliy
Mr LINN app-ehended the Senator from South
Carolina [Mr Pre ios] did not properly under-
stand the mam proposition of the b 11, which was,
to apply the proceeds of th° public lands to the
defences, of the country. Tne otj ct m view was
simply to r?fer the bill to the committee most com-
pe pn to labe into consideration the necessity of
defence and theme?ns of accomplishing it. When,
on a forme- occasion, he had heard Senators say
tha , by passing th s Distribution act, the sub-
ject would be set at rest for ever, he felt
confident they were greatly mistaken, aid that
what they predicted, would not take place.
Suosequent events had proved the correctness of
th s opinion He believed the act to have been
whcilv unconstitutional, besides oemg most unjust
in its, principles and probable orcaüon. Believ-
ing ail this, be had felt confident that the spirit of
the citizens of this country never would counte-
nance any measure so unconstitutional and unjust;
and ibis confidence was fully sustained by late ma-
!
