CONGRESSIONAL 0LOBE.
W
By Mr. DIXON: The petition of Caleb Eddy,
praying the drawback forfeited in a certain case
from omission of duty, &c : referred to the Com-
miitceon. Commerc.
By Mr. WOODBURY: The petition of Ed-
ward Fuller: referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Petitions were also presented by Mr BENTON,
Mr FULTON, and Mr LINN; the names o£ the
petitioners, or the purport of the petitions, were not
heard. 
SEIZURE OP AMES.IOAN PROPERTY.
Mr BARROW presented a memorial from the
New Orleans. Insurance Company. He stated that
it related to a matt-r of mach importance, which
must necessarily cleate a gr/at excitement through-
out the aation. Tne memorialists stated that last
year a vessel (the Jformosa) sailed from R chmond,
m the State of Vulinia, ¡pound for New Orleans,
and that they had insured thirty-eight slaves against
capture, seizure, o\ detention of the property.
While the vessel wits 4a its way, it was obliged,
by stress of weather, t| jjui m o the port of Nassau,
New Providence, in M British Colonies. While
moored at that port, thewessel was boarded by per-
sons dressed in 'he uniform of British soldiers., and
the slaves were iaken away, contrary to the protesta-
tionsof the crew aad the passengerson board. Some-
thing like a judicial proceed'rig was there bad,
which re-ubed in. trie liberation of the slaves These
i-Uves belonged to Mr Templeman, who was te-
mov ng from Virginia to Lou a'^na, and «ere in-
sured by two severa' companies. One of the
eompame\Lad paid the insurance, but the o her,
from which this memon<n came, h<.d rtiu«ed to do
;o and in consequence, Mr. Te.rpleman a d
brought a Mil' against it for 0*e recovery of the
money due for the insurance agan-t risk, capture,
«eizure, cr detention, of prorcr >. H> \ ?s satisfied
that this sabject might lüvtiy^ the question cf peace
er war between this country and Great Britain,
and it was important that the matter should be
taken up by Congress and acted upon at once, so
that it might be settled whether the British Govern-
ment had a right ta do what they who 1 ved in the
South denied to their own Government—and that
wa«, tne right t>t suppressing the slave trade be-
tween the Slates. He therefore moved that the ^I(_
moual be printed and referred to iae Committee
0D roreign Relations.
Mr CALHOUN seconded t^e mo'i"n. He called
'he attention not only of Sena or?, bet of the whole
couauy, to the importance cf this question The
case ot lb  Enterpn e wa- fresh m ihe recollec'ion
uf the Sena e, in regard to which hf had moved a
series f resolutions, ageing the rights of nations,
aüü whica were parsed unanimously, with the ex-
u.ptior of a single dissentient voic There was a
more s r^us case of the seizure of propcty en
btaid ih- C'eo'e. He denounced the principles
niaim&iaev. by Great Britain m this case  and more
especi-ily in the case of t_e Creo'e, as he most
dangerous innovation on ra'ional mhts and na-
tional  honor ever  c'a med by one independent
ower oí another. Yet, s'rangc to tell, notwith
s dudmg the ret erated outrages of this nat'on on
use oi ¿i--' of Africa, th s Governm^nt has not been
íaduced by a proper s nse of na nral bon^r to m-
ie iite n tin that promptness ar>d energy which
would have iffeciua ly prevented their recurrei.ee.
Io it nut tiire that this qies'ion was s=t'led, and
th i  t should be knoin uhetoer this Government
w 11 exitm1 HsprAiectK>n to the p-operty of i's own
citiz-31 1 He hid much to siy or* th * exciting
sit j ct, bu. perhaps thi-< was not the projei- occ2-
' oi, be ng a mere mo ion of retfcience ¿>U"h an
occa-iou will perhaps mae prop'rly pi" entit-e't
wnen the case oi the Creole com=s up. He aid
hi pe, however, tb.pt u this motion chould consign
tne juc-tiou tt ih-> Cotnmii'eeon Foreign Relation ,
that committee wiU give ttie whole oubj et that oue
con ideration wh eh ltw. iport^rce demards To's
was nee s^ary, that the cit zens it this coun ry
sho i'd kn iw oa what foo mg ot «fvun > the> stand
m re i ion o the pro tc on WEiCn t'e G ivurn
merit will extend io hem and their property.
i\Ir KlNc spoie with <ume feeling of t^e,njus-
t ce of England, and ot her many outrages against
the   tiled principles of ihe laws of nations and de-
nounced her arbitrary pretensions with reference to
the quemón of slavery. He solemnly believed, if
she continued to commit such os'rages as the one
referred to m the memorial, and the more iecent
one of the Creole, by which it appears that slaves
in a state of mutiny were sent to one of the British
islands to prevent their return to their owners, that
nothing cculd prevent collision between the two
nations. The section, of country from which he
came Would not much longer submit to it. He be-
lieved the subject should be taken up by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations in a sslemn manner,
and reported upon, that England might see the de-
termmatisn of this country. He hoped that that
coramiHee would look into the matter, and ask
the State Department for the correspondence which
may have taken place betWeeil two Governments,
in order to ascertain how far the rights of Ameri-
can citizens were to be protected. It was by
the uninterrupted commission of such acts as
these that the British Government is emboldened
to withhold our territory; and, unless that Govern-
ment should retrace her steps, the time was not far
rff when the question of war must inevitably arise.
It was high time that the laws of nations saould be
enforced against her, to show h«r bow far the rights
of property and our flag are to be respected. The
gaping spirit of that power—the a-sutned tuns-
dictn n over the question of slavery, and the inno-
vation on international law by the search of Ame-
rican vessels on the coast oí Africa, independent
cf all other causes, he argoed, must be productive
of serious difficulties between the two nations.
He hoped the memoria1 would be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and would also
bz printed.
Mr. PRESTON admitted the question to be of
great importance, and he felt the nrces«ity of look-
lrg at i v,ihfhe greatest a'tention, but he could
not say mat he cor sidered it tc be a canse for ve-
nous collision between the two countries, for the
reason that the dictates of the law of nations would
almost forbid such a consequence; and, as the Bri-
tish Government bad lately fallen to the care of a
new Ministry, he thought that there was some rea-
son to believe that the decisions of the former Bri-
tish Cabinet, with regard to the seizure of s'aves,
would be reversed, or at least mat son-e modifica-
tion would be made that would avoid a collision
between the two countries. Although he knew
tnat ihe temper of the nation *as exasperated, he
would not permit himself to believe that the en-
ligatened nation of Great Britain, the destinies of
which were m the hands of liberal ministers,
would eve*- come into collision with this country
on p m's not doubif.i! and o\ paints which could
be reconciled. A hostile collision, in his opinion,
was very remote; but while he desired to preserve
amicable relations between the two Government',
he should not permit these impressions to prevent
him from entertamirg a ]ust view of the entiu1
subj-ct; a> A he field it to be the part of wisdom,
«is weu as of patriotism, to keep our country a'-
wais rea^f
Mr RIVES was opposed to this mcdental and
premature discussion He understood i-ic memo-
rial which b?d been presented by the Serator from
Louis ana ns asking from th  Government mderp-
nitv 'or tie loss of ¡-laves carried bv pirates tc the
B'Hish West India lslpn^s. Many ca^es of this
son had icouned, and had a'vajs crea'ed con'ro-
vei«ies be<uepn the Uu ted Sta'es and Great Bn-
tan. Kí was wy his remarks yeserday had
oeen taken m so grave a -en-e as th^v had b°e",
as h° had not undertaken to be understood as *ay-
iig thit a cilhs'on between the two countries was
h ghiy probaM \ He had only intended to s'ate the
piesen condition ot the country, ar>d assert that a
continuance of peace was imminently precsnou=,
*o laorh so, tnat the eoantrv should be phced in an
a i tule of deienca He meant to say nothing more
'hai ilia*, and, ps a ci ¡zen of a free connt'y,
he cou'd revei consent to have i* hell mang-
anee to a foreign power The affair of the
Caioli-e t\as stilt unsettled, and, jading
from the reports from the Executive Department-.,
it is as in a very unpromising condition This
tiken, in connection wuh the boundary questic,
the seizure of our vessels on the coan of Afric,
rendered it impossible for gentlemen to suppose
that they could rest m a peaceful security^ and this
admonished them to make preparations for thi 
country's defence. He wished it to he distmetly
undewotd that he had had no communic&hoft
with the Cabinet on this subject, but he had spo-
ken from the facts rs furnished in the documents
from the Departments. The whole of this ques-
tion mizht come up again, and he would say to
the Senator from Louisiana [Mr Baiirow] that
this subject ought not to be agitated thus jsreraa*
tutely. He looked at the affair of the Creole as
awe grave and important than the subject to
which the memorial referred. He was wilhngj
however, if it was the pleasure of the Senate, that
the subject should be taken up and examined, áó
that it might be ascertained what was the most pro-
per course now to pursue.
Mr. CALHOUN expressed his extreme regret
that so much had been said about a war wuh
Great Britain. He had not intended to speak
upon that subject, but as gentlemen had delivered
their views, he would give his. His own impres-
sion was, that with proper conduct on our part,
there would be but little danger of immediate con-
fl ct, because i was well known that there was in
both countries a large peace party who were 'de-
termined to prnserve peace as long as it can be
maintained with honor; but, if there should be a
war, it would De because this country wanted a due
foresight to secure common respect—because of si
failure to take prompt and energetic st ps, suca as
shou'd have been taken long since, to arrest the
asgrfsions and innovations of flm power The
first st p to insure this, was to reform the Admi-
nistration. It was declared, on all hands,
that the country was in no better condition
than it was m 1812; and this, too, attef
eiDending millions upon millions of dollars/
What volumes did that speak? He did not, how-
ever, believe in the reckless condition cf the coun-
try, but he believed one thing, and ¡hat was, thg4
much of the public money had been expendeo',
and never accounted for. He believed that much
might be saved by a just and scrutinizing economy.
All the Departments ought to be held to a strict ac-
count. Tne effect of dlst-ibotmg the surplus reve-
nue, which grew out oi the tariff of 1832, was now
Comu.g m «pen them, and he would here remark^
that he considered that part of tha report of the Se.
cretary of the Treasury in relation to the tariff a*s
ail slang and ignoranc , which he did not espect
from t><at source. He had a great respect for that
individual, and had read his report with maeh at-
tention H' concurred with the Senator from
Vtrg nam bn remarks with respect te the Creole 
Hefrad iwcmr statements about it—all sworn to,
and complete—and he had also the British ac-
counts He held th s to be the most atrocious
outrage ever pe'petraled on the American peoples
4tid as «oon ps lh y  should  get  fnll   information
he
Ameri-
npon the subject, th°y ought to demand that those
v.ho committed tne piracy be delivered to this Go-
venwnt He wapu.d the eoun'iy to be true to
itself, let here be no division, ard he trusted that
the BrM h Government would come to some ar-
rppgement to guard the nterests of th s Republic;
and, if tb"y should not obtain justice,
would Irck io every mar, vnth an
can hear', •« raise h s hind against oppression.
Mr BARROW said trut.as the representative of
tj¡e    dividual-, who had aoires's d the memorial to
mit to tne mju tioé o.  a íomsa P°wf    il was
hi«h Hire  that   the   peer,,    ,W..;h lbe'^enis.
should express th ir views upon the sur>3<-«,    e ot^
the Senate; and ¡t was the ¿nty of the Coma<l'ic
on Frimgn Relations to present to the Senate and
the pt nle the true pr rcip'es of m erna íonal law,
wh ch they «honid maintain at ail haz^rd^    The
people oí the South were the last o sub ml to the
precarious pi me pies of   nternati    ai lav, ?s ex-
plained by Gte ' Bntnn, the Govcrr m lit of which
daws   a d  tncin bcu*em sjvts ?r,¿   goods,
ares   Zml me -hand" e, am  b-iau^e she   hi"
abo ishod   s'averj,   si>   w   i   not   recfgnise tac
nrreiples   which   S «neiíi  aun  assert.    Tucy
knew that the tranter ot <uave frcm one South-
ern State   to ano h r   "as   an every day's oc-
