m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Treasury will permit the same to be made up;
also the annual amount of gold and silver coinage
in the mint and branch mints of the United States
since the establishment of the mint; aiso the an-
nual exportation of gold and silver coinage of the
mint of the United States, with a letter of reca-
pitulation, showing the aggregate under each
head.
Mr. LINN submitted the following, which was
«rdered to lie on the table till to-morrow:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to make a report to the Senate, ¡showing
what would have been the operation of the Land
Distribution bill if it had been in operation during
the year 1841, and how much wouid have been
thedistribuuve shares of each State and Territory
ana the District of Columbia under said bill, ac-
cording to the ascertained and estimated product
of the land sales for the year. Also, the distribu-
tive share of each individual, provided the said
revenue should have been divided out by the head
to the entire population of the Union according to
the census ot 1840; and how much would have
been the distributive shares of the States, Territo-
ries, and District of Columbia, and individuáis,
provided all the proper co is and charges upon the
lands, consisting of Indian annuities payable during
the year, and the current purchases of lands from
Indians, in "addition to other costs and charges
named in the distribution act, were first e'educted
before the distribution should be made.
Mr. PRESTON moved to take op his proposition
to print 3,000 copies extra of the report of the Se-
cretary of the Treasury relative to the Treasuiy
Bank.
Mr. BUCHANAN remarked that he had in-
tended to make one or twoobser/ations upon this
subject, but, in consequence of indisposition, he
■was not able to do so this morning. But, as he
had understood the Senator from South Carolina as
saying that he intended to move a reference of this
project to a committee, he would, so far as he was
concerned, suffer it to be printed; and would re-
serve his remarks until the subject should again be
brought before the Señale.
Mr. PRESTON said that the .Senator had mis-
understood him. However, he had no doubt that
amotion wou'd be made to refer the subject to a
committee, and an oppoi (unity would then occur
for Senators to speak upon it.
The question was taken, and deciced in the af-
firmative; so three thousand extra cobren oí there-
ort were ordered to be printed.
The Senate proceeded to the consideraron of the
unfinished business, and took up the bill for the re-
lief of Samuel Crapm.
Thf PRESIDENT s'atei the que tion, shall the
bill be read a third time?  ! en
Mr. CALHOUN arose, and said that a- they
•«ere wuhin a few days of the hol>da>s, ihey bad
better adjourn over to Monday next, as no doubt
many gentlemen were desnous to «o home to &pend
the Christmas with their friends. He therefore
moved that when th" Senate acjourn, it adjous u to
meet on Monday next.
Tne question being taken, t! e motion was unani-
mously asreed to
Mr. CALHOUN then moved that die Senate do
i.o* adjourn; ana after r.n effort to 'cave action on
the above bill,
The Senate adiouritd t:!l Monday next, a' 12
o'elcck.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thvpsday, December 23, 1811.
The journal of vo-i'erda- was nao and approved.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mis-i-s epi intioduced his
col'easue, Ucr. Mr Cí'VJN, R«í reien'auve elect
from that z. r to, vvi o h<.~ qtr'ü-d, end took his
seat.
THE GOVERNMENT LOAN.
On leave civn,   Kr.  F'LLMORE,  from the
Comihtteo oí V/ajs ?..d Means, reported the fol-
ic wimgbUl:
A BiLLio" fheextex. icn ot iha ! can of ei¡>h'een
hundred ma forty one, ana ior an addition of
five million dollars then to.
Be U enacted by the Striate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congrtsi
assembled, That the time limi'ed by the first section
of the act of Congress entitled "An act authoriz-
ing a loan not excesding the sum of twelve mil-
lions of dollars," approved July 21st, 1841, for
obtaining said loan, shall be, and the same is
hereby, extended for one year ftom the passage oí
this act.
Sec. 2 And be it farther enacted, That so much
of said loan ss may be obtained after the passage
of this act shall be made reimbursable either at the
will of the Secretary of the Treasuiy, after six
months' notice, or at any time after twelve years
from the first day of January next.
Sec 3 Jlnd be it further enacted, That the cer-
tificates hereafter to be issued for said loan may,
when required, be in such form as shall be pre-
scribed by the Secretary of the Treasury, so that
the stock may be transferable by delivery of the
certificate instead of being assignable on the books
of the Treasury.
Seo. 4. And be it further enacted, That all the
provisions of the said act not hereby modified or
changed, shall be and remain m force, and apply
to this act.
Sec 5 Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Presi-
dent of the United States is hereby authorized to
b( rrow an add'tional sum, not exceeding the mm
of five millions of dollars if in his opinion the
exigencies of the Government may require the
same; which additional loan shall be made within
the time and according to the provisions of said act
as modified by this,
The bill havirg been read twice bv its title was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
THE CHRISTMAS HOLYDAYS
On motion of Mr. GUSHING, it was resolved
that when thi< House adjourn, it adjourn to meet
on Monday next.
On leave given, petitions and memorials were
presented by the following members, and were ap-
priately referred:
Mr. STUARff of Illinois, (who presented the
petition of James T. Gifford, piaying the modifi-
cation of the law granting pre-emptions to actual
setters upon the public lands, passed September,
1841.)
Mr. LITTLEFIELD of Ma.no.
[Mr. Littlffield of Mame presented ¡be fol-
lowing petitions, winch wcrp severally referred to
iha C mmii'ce on invalid Pension5:
Of S-.m'-el Swalbw, of Buckfield, Maine, form-
crease of pension.
Of Simeon Caswell, of Bndgton, Mame, for a
pension.
Of Benjamin Rowe, of Plantation No 2, Mains,
fir a pensif n.
Of Samuel T. Winslow, of Minot, Maine, for a
ptns.cn.
Of Iscac Allen, of TtniT, Maine, for a pen.
sion ]
Ml S.MASON of Ohio.
Mr. CROSS, of Arkansas.
[Mr. Cross presented the memoiialof CaMain
Henry M Shreve, praying that the United S'ate-
maks lomunerahon for the part use of his patent
for sn?g-bost% and purchase the same for future
use, &c. which, on his motion, was referred to a
Select Committee ]
Mr. BRIGGS a-ked leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution heretofore offered by him, but not re-
ceived:
Revolved, That the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and P< st Roads he instructed to mquiie into
the fxpedier.ev of aboli^hicg the flanking pri-
v 'ej'e a 'owed by etislinp liw , of reducing the
ivti s of letter prstag , l^gulaurg anti eqní'iz ns;
¡he posase on newspapers ail pasn^h ets, sad
?)-o of fixing ir<- tariff üípns'pgcs i.i FfJcral cur-
írncy.
Ohjec*ion being made, die lecoiuüon w?r net re-
CeiVfcd
Mr. HOPKIN3 /-all d for .he orders of t'^e day,
being fee
REFERENCE Or THE PRC^IDEA"! S MCSSAOn
The unfinished  business  if ye *erday   was ths
folkwm<; branch of 'he resolution of  Mr. Fill-
mosf, prov ¿n<r for  the  referenee'of the   annual
mescage of the President of the United States:
Hesolved^Ih&l so much thereof as relates to
the tariff be'teierred to the Committeee on Manu-
factures.       <          e
Which resolution,.Mr. Atherton had heretofore
moved to ameW, bjV strife  g out the words "Com-
mittee on Manufactures," and inserting the words
"Committee ofwfeys and Means."
Which amenMent Mr. Rhett yesterday moved
to amend, by addjng thereto the following:
"Wiih instructions that, should it be their opi-
nion expedient to lay additional duties, they shall
be so laid as not to discriminate in favor of any
particular class of industry in the United States."
And the question was on agreeing to the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. ATHERTON, who was entitled to the floor,
rose and addressed the Chair; but jielded momen-
tarily to
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS, who asked leave to
offer the following resolution; which was read for
information:
Jiesolved, Resolved that the Secretary of the Trea-
sury inform this House how many officers and other
persons m the employment of the Government were
in arv way connected with each port of entry of
the TJnit d States on the 3d day of March,
1829; how many on the 3d day of March, 1841;
and how many en the 1st day of December, 1841;
with the annual compensation of each officer and
other person, by chsses, at those dates respectively,
and the agrégate amount, and also all other ex-
penses at each port. Also, that the Secretary fur-
ther inform this House how much revenue was col-
lected at each custom-house in the United States
for the year preceding the 4th day of March, 1829;
how much for the year preceding the 4th day of
Ma-ch, 1841; and how much for the last current
fiscal year.
Resolved, That the Secretary of State, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, the Secretary of War, the
Secretary of the Navy, and the Postmaster Gene-
ral, report to this House whether the law of Con-
gress 'directing the job printing, stationery, and
binding of their Department respectively to be
furnished by contract, after propo«als shall have
been advertised in the public prints, has been exe-
cuted; and, if such law has been executed, or
whether it has or not, at what rates such printing
has been done, and 'he difference between those
rates and the rates for which the printing of the
two Houses of Congress was done at the first ses-
sion of the present Congress.
Rescued, That the President of the United States
inform th s House under what authority the com-
mission, cocfisMig of George Poindexter and
othsis, for the investigation of the concerns of the
New V0rk custom-house, was raised; what were
the purposes and objects of said commission; how
many persons have in any way been connected
with it; and the compensation received, or to be re-
ceived, by eíchj and the r.ggregate cost of every
desJnption of said commission.
Mr. GUSHING said he thought this resolution
required some reflec ion. It was so Ions; and
complex that he could not pay yet whether he
should vote for it or not.
The SPEAKER said, if the resolaiijn was ob-
jected to, it must he'ver.
Mr. G. DAVIS deared to know if he was to
understand the gentlemen from Massachusetts [Mr.
CuaniNs] as objecting to the resolution.
Mr. CJSHlNGeaid he cbjec'ed to its present
consideration. He did not krow whether he
should vote against the resolution or not.
Mr G. D WIS tail I.c would then move a sus-
pension of the rulo.
The SPEAKER .:- d t!>c now was not in or-
der. The Hi use i,as a'rcidy ac'ir.  under a "Uí-
p rsioi ci its lules, ard tre^enilemsn from New
Haiü,j,.:irc [Mr. ÁTiirrtTo:-.] was tn'it'e 1 to the
floor.
The  lesd >.ion wsts iccMvel, b t'u* over.
Mr ATHPRTON then rg-m took the floor,
i."id .d'lcs-ei t'i" Iltu e j.i great length in sup-
port of the awndmenl.
l<-ou<-n hesiiBfoted tnit he subject of the expen-
ditures of the 8o"ernment and the present stale of
the Treasury was m a great mcrrure connected
with the   question before the House, which was,
