; mu*"* ?. •r' ■ '"W "t ........■'' ■■•■       ■'      't                —
be stopped, for he saw to what it would lead, but he j
could do nothing.
He intended to have stopped this debate until
the question could have come up fairly on the re-
modification of the tariff, but on the question of re-
ference the whole matter had been opened, and
they had gone pre and eon into the merits of Van
Buren's and Tyler's administrations; and the mo-
dern Democracy were railing at Tyler's Adminis-
tration ' That was the g eatest humbug that he
had heard, that the Whigs were to be held account-
able for this Administration • Harmon wa« going
to turn oat the rogues and rascals of Van Buren's
administration, while he allowed the clever fel-
lows to remain in office He (Mr. A ) was
against proscription. He had said here and every-
where that he was opposed to it. His district
woald tell what his feelings were. But ihe Ame-
rican people expected that the dishonest and íncom-
petentpart of the officeholders were to be turned out
And what was the unquestioned fact? Tyler had
not only kept in office some who were considered
most dishonest, but woise than that, the very dis-
honest knave that the sound patriot Harrison, who
never removed an officer without cause, had put
out of office, John Tyler, this modern Loco Foco,
had put mto office again. And here was modern
Loco Focoism getting up, and telling us, ' Justify
your Adnvnistraiion!"
He had thought that thissys'em of burning Trea-
sury buildings would be slipped, but how would it
be, if Tyler kept in office these very rogue^ Tyler
had not only kept such men in office, but tho<e
whom General Harrison, who w s never kno.vn to
do any man injustice on the face of the earth, had
turned out, Tyler had reiista'ed And now the
gentleman from New Hampshire says "vour Ad-
ministration is so ex ravagani"' Slould he (Mr i
Arnold) si' by and hear ihe<-e th'ngs, and not cin-
tradict the'n? and not let tne country know the
truth? He would noi do it The countrj 'hjuld
know the leng h breadL, ?nd he ght of T)W'5
wickedness. He had not nig to a k of him Wt
had a>ked to have a modern Lcco Foco, who ]Jot
before the c'ose of Mr Van Buren'a adtnims ra
tion chopped about and became a Van Buren
man, r^movd from offic, and a can much mo'e
competent, whom eveiy Whis memcei from, ihs
Sta e recommended, to be ar-poiried in his s ead,
but Joha Ty'er and his Secretary of S ate, b twcen
them, bad kept in office ihe former íncu-nbent
sgamst the unanimous recommendation of every
Whig member from Tennessee.
He said to tne gent'eman from New Hampshire,
if this great revolt! ion baa taken place of which
he speaks, if it proved any thirg on the face of the
earth, it proved that ihe people just \'anted to pet
rid of Van Buren, and as soon rs that was done,
they were willing to accept of Tyler, or any Loco
Foco     But that was not the c ee.
If these Loco Foco princi-lts viere to be caTied
out, Van Buren might .is well have done it as any
one; and he shnu'd nfim eiy have p^eteired tin 
to its being done bv Tyler. Wnen a gentleman
"pitches and coos,' (to use a homely phrase,) as
the gentleman from New Hampshiie had done to-
day, he ought to remember that all bis eCor s fa'l
on the devotedhead of Van Puren. Whataievo-
luion1 That the Amer can per pie should pit
the Whig party imo power, and then return bac¿
toD-mocraey without trun? o¡,e vil tarv Whig
measure1 Unas no so If. h- c uld re'ievesi
he wou'd feel ps ihe ro 'ern D niocracy d a la t
fall. When tne rep n s of Harrisc nS s 'cee s
came in,-eteral leadm  Peracc-ats -rid to him,
"Well Ar-old, our pan/ has abused Fiawuon
verv much r ecou e he aio t.i  pcop e w°re no'
capable o sefgovins e t" Wren ne munders
of the arilUr, wee t eW w the jvsr,'*r-t
jVorihan'Soi >_-<-' e * he t-j.i pn rl
WiUnmhl r \ Hai i ) ti'Dmnr.icv ? n v
calmly, ?s 'hi V'h •> w n >fpi° 't 
the Glole, rui e-v cnmilcr ai o d
"You nwalu t I o d iUuid en \ ror;fu ií , b
saidineAn.nrinr-rofl -r"? ^ «ri* eo se t
eovrnmtnt, ard mv wt arr f vir 1 n
truth of U" Mot, he achni. *)e ied if there
was a revolution — it, on accoun of the one hcur
role, or the mode ct taking b lb oui ot commi tee,
60NGRÍB8SI02f Afc GLOBE.
the American people had performed this great revo-
lution against the Whig party, and put the modern
Democracy in, that the American people were inca
pable of self government It was inconsistent with
common sense. Why had not "petticoat Allen,"
with twenty-five thousand votes against bim in
Ohio, resigned bis seat? Did the Senators from
Ohio regard the voice of the American people?
No. Did the modern Democracy regard the popu-
lar vote? No, they set it at defiance So it was
in Ohio How was it in Connecticut? Majority
after majority had gone against the Connecticut
Senator. Did he resign? He called on men to act
up to their professions. Had Mr Smith, of Con-
necticut, resigned? No. How was it with Wil-
liams of Maine? He held on to the Treasury teat
"like a youpg possum " (He wished this homely
simile to be excused, for it was just suited to the
subject) How was it with Montón from Lou-
isiana1!
The SPEAKER here called Mr. A. to order.
Mr WELLER hoped the gentleman would not
be interrupted now, but permitted to proceed, and
that others might reply.
Mr. ARNOLD wanted gentlemen on the other
said to contradict him if he was not telling the truth;
if it was truth, the country ought to know it; but
he would not pursue his course of remark if the
Spe-.ket considered it out of order.
TI e SPEAKER said it was not in order to «peak
of Senators by their names
Mr ARNOLD said he did not know that those
he hid spoken of  were in the Senate now, they
might have res gned—ihev ought to have done so,
¡ t least.   How w as it m Tennessee1!    [H- here re-
ferre i to the inconsistencies of trie "modern De
mocr?c>" m that S a'e ]   T.sat was his great ob
jectioa *o modern Democracy, they went for the
parti 5 ar>d not for the country    Tne ' neyer had,
and • ever would, present the glorious, the sublime
«pecacle  of Harris n's cabinet    He looked at
¡ them -.s a bright, a glorious, a sunny ligb. to th-,
| n'tior, tfcey were found r"a<iy and wil in, , for the
| s<ske of  their country, t J lay den .heir offices—
| rich offices, too—at a •■aia-j  of $8,000   per year.
Th y laid ibe'r do* n 'n the ahat of their country,
to^v turned  tn ir baeki en the«   and ' C-ptam
T* Icr, to<," tl ay were &r>poi„ted  by General Har-
n on, and wou'd rot be responsible for your mo
den Loco Foco docti mes    It was  the snblimest
spectae'e that Amen a had ever seen, and what
ever taun's and assaults migh' be hurled at these
men, our country would wite their names m cha-
ra^ t"rs of living gold.   When did modem Demo
cracv ever give  up  an cffi.ee?    When she  was
rhosed off   aid    rot    otherwise      [LfJgb'cr ]
fHe here furtrer -eferred to the course ot modern
Democracy in Termes ee—a State where the Whigs
had a majority of twelye thousand, and also in the
Legislature on joint ballot, brtt where theopposition
having a majority of one m the Senate, had the
povrr, and h"d exercised it, of   preventing ú-e
election ot Unit d 8tates   Senator , and bad re-
versed and nullified tne corsti'alion of th  State,
leaving the State wholly unrepresented in the de-
rate, whatever question  might come up ]    And
this sa d Mr A because the modern Deni"cracy
want the m nonty to rule    This was sn illustra-
tion of modern Democracy '
He oid no intend 'o discuss the qu«ticn of ihe
tariff at pre ent    He   raerüy Tan'ed to a-swer
the demagrg cil can' of the cent eman from New
H< rip ah c    What was  Ne^- Hampshue, tna*
«ihe --h i d fmn b  a 'ev'i in pM i cs, tna  >nus' get
up heie and d cía e ti  w*i   committee this refe-
re c   ■•!) tie be mad i    Whpt wa    Now Hanp
s i tí   Anot'nncn ard sterile  piece of esith
He nev r coul 1 th a1 of INew Hacnr-h 'e w thjut
tMnk   ;ofbi°ck chi iv  ro"ks, ot tie screech ng
c   1 a' "V tn.1.1  wi'f     Was sn  abanaos ,n
p mi ,u   !   liebeh \e1 not    She was th- o-ly
Sien t'it. Uu oi  tva'   Ind t?ken a r'trrar^de
,i    rtieV o , ¡>< i6i* , she a'-aiced m pcci atioti
,ess' i a inv i bu  S a'e    f e  was in ttvo- of
fue    a e'    Hewoud  Me to know  nhat New
llame h r  haa 'o uale irt   [L t rh rr 1   On po-
1   c ; tc-t v sk a'!, i had been ier >radc for jea-s
tl? wfs 'oil Hh le was one minufa-tunng town in
ihe S-Me, and tbit was m .he g-ndeman'* dijtr.ct
—he did not know but the very residence of  the
gentleman—and that gave a large majority against
him.   He would like to know if this was so.
Mr. ATHERTON said that the town he lived m
contained manufacturing establishments which
produced probably near fifteen millions of yardii of
cloth yearly. But the gentleman labored under a
great mistake if he supposed that to be. the only
manufacturing town in the State, there being a
large number of them. They were interspersed
almost throughout the whole State, There were
few portions of the Union, of equal extent, more
interested in manufactures. In some of the manu-
facturing towns there were majorities for him, and
in some against him.
Mr. ARNOLD inquired what the vote was in
the gentleman's own town.
Mr. ATHERTON said that there had been, for
a few year  past, a majority against him, not of
five or six hundred, as had been intimated, but of
from less than one hundred to two hundred and
peihaps a little upwards And for four or five
years in succession, there had also been large ma-
jjnties id his favor.
Mr. ARNOLD inquired whether that' was re-
cently.
Mr. ATHERTON replied that it was within
eight or ten years, and since the manufacturing es-
tablishments had sprung up there.
Mr ARNOLD thought the gentleman's expla-
nation renderei his position stlt more awkward
He had said h'> State was doited all over with ma-
nufactories, «nd yet had gone tor free trade! It
had always appeared to him most extraordinary to
hear Ammcao citizens denouncing home nidus ry,
and wanting to bring our country to dependence on
France and E gland [*tr. A. here repelled to
an argument of Mr Reynolds, and illustrated the
benefits of the protective system in a supposed
case ]
He concluded by remarking that he had been
very sck, f laughter,] ¿nd bad gone on longer than
he had expected lo a¿ve been «io'e Bat when he
question came up, be would sI.oa' the G oHe, and
modern Democracy throughout the country, if his
life v as sp? ed, thai' e bal m t changed. He re
gre ' d that the gentleman from Maryland [Mr W.
C Johnson] haa tclt t bis duty, in the o gpmzation
of the House, to have moved the adoption of the
rules of a (self-styled) Democratic Congress He
(Vir. A ) hfd vo'ed against them, he would have
the "one hour rule" brought up ag*in, and if gen-
tlemen, with iheir otn tu'e, had taken b lis out of
Commitiej of the Whole, ho would see how taey
wi uld now go. Let them come fon ard w,th their
bills to repeal tbe Bankrupt !¡>w, aid the Distnbu
tion b>ll, before it went into effect, and then tell the
people ho,y these measures would ruin the country.
f A message was received from the Senate, by
Assdry Dickens, esq Sccietiry, informing the
House that the Senate hrd pa sed a joint íesolu
t'O'i appointing a commu'ee of three to meet such
committee a' m ght be appointed by t1 e House, to
arrange the placing of the statue of Wa hington
in the rotunda, and to direct the details o! the pe-
destal
And a message wa- received from tha President
of the Unit/d States, by Robert Tyler, esq bis
Secretar}, mformmg the Hruse ihat the President
had approved and sirred the bill making appro-
pna ions m part for 'he civil d pa'tment for the
j-ar 1842 ]
Mr ARNOLD hawng core uacd,
M'   WELLER o uain<>d the floor, and moved
tha* the H <~se du row aoj u n
The mot on v-a.* suspended for the moment, ano
The SPEAKER  laid berore the Hojse a iettei
f oil fb.3 Stcreiarv oí State, «tatrg that the si Til-
tenuis, or ena-nerauoi of the inhabitants of th*
Uui'ed Sta' <=, has  been completed,  snd ?osom
panifd bj * Tin'cc1 copy of tne sa«cicersu«, ts ?'so
p par* cui?rcers\.s of all pensione   of th   United
Sa'es, win fie r names, ages,  sn*3  re-id-nice*
Tbe statstics and ether matter  of mfciia ion con-
nected wi h t íe 'aking of tbe cersu-, the Secretas/
sta'es are yet m progres?.
Ordered, Tha' the said le 'er Len is, and a"rom-
p?nymg pape'S do 1 e on !he tab'e, and that tbe
same number ot co.isei of tbe papéis in rrunu cr^i
