§6
C0KGBESSÍONAL GLOBE.
ztz
be printed as have been directed by Jaw to be print-
ed of the census.
Mr, W. C JOHNSON made some motion for
printing an extra number of copies, not heard by
the Reporter,
On leave giren, petitions and memorials were
presented by the following members, and were ap-
propnately referred:
Mr. STANLY of Nor A Carolina.
Mr. LOWELL of Maine.
Mr. PROPFIT of Indiana.
Mr. TILLINGHAST of Rhode Island.
Mr. CHAPMAN of Alabama.
Mr. CROSS of Arkansas.
Mr. MALLORY of Virginia.
Mr. THOMPSON of Indiana.
. Mr. BURKE of New Hampshire.
On motion of M-. ADAMS, the petition of W.
Wright of Massachusetts, in relation to some of
the transactions of the Commoawealih Bank of
Boston, wa« ordered to be referred to a select com-
mittee
On leave given, Mr J B THOMPSON of-
fered the following reso'utions, wh ch were
adopted:
1. Reiolved, That the petition and papers ofH.
King'  heirs, on file, be referred to ihe Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
2 Teat (he petition and papers of J. Q. Done-
gly, on file, bs referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Pust Roads.
3. That the petition of Colonel Anthony Gale
and accompanying papers be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
4 Toat the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of allowing
farther time to the trustees of Centre College, of
Kentucky, to sell lands heretofore granted them
in ihe Territory of Florida, and report by tall or
otherwiss
On motion of Mr. BRIGGS, the joint resolution
from the Senate (above referred to) in relation to
Greenough'i. Statue, was taken up and concuried
in.
And, en motion of Mr BRIGGS, the committee
on the part of ¡his House was ordered to consist of
five member?
Mr CAMPBELL, of Tennessee, gave notice
that on Monday next, or at the first opportunity
thereafter, he would askleavetointroduceab.il
explanatory of the several ae's of Congress making
provision foi the payment of horses lost by the vo-
lnn'eers of ihe State of Tennessee m the service oí
the United State1?
Mr. WATTER30N gave notice of a bill, (ob-
ject not heard, nor found on the journal )
Mr. CUSHING gave notice tbat he would here-
after ask leave to introduce a bill concerning the
tonnage djty on Spanish vessels
One or two further struggles for ihe floor were
mads, when,
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Monday, December S7, 1841.
Mr KING presented the credential of the Hon.
Arthur P. Bagby, Senator elect from the State of
Alabama, in ths place of Clement C. Clay, re-
signed.
Mr. BAGBY was then duly qua! fied, and took
his seat.
The PRESIDENT pre Urn of the Senatr lad
before that oody <i communication from the Stale
Departme.1 , aiao^ne ig Pat the punting oí the
en urn ! aLoi. of ue „ixth census nad been com-
pleted.
A'so, fiom the Dep-* 'ment of War, in corop'i
anee wiih a joint resolution oí 89 h Ma), 1830,
prcent nj a Iim ot «-ucli persons a hivt- <ippl ed
lor pen-iono or n crease of pevion>.
Oi motion oí Mr. BATES, the rV c eontnum-
c^tion was referred to tho Coram eo ou Pensions.
Mr "WRIGHT presei'i J ape í'io i 'rom a num-
ber of merchants oí the ci.y of Nev^ York, asking
tVat ihe operation of the Bankrupt law may be
postponed for two years from the l t February
next Mr. W. said the memorial was signed by
several of the most respectable firms in the city,
who placed their reasonson the single groand that,
m this time of general depression and embarrass*
ment, so large a quantity of assets will be thrown
into the market, at to amount almost to the entire
sacrifice of the creditors. It was also signed by
five of the banks of the city, viz: the Bank of Ame-
rica, Leather Dealers', Lafayette, Merchants', and
Phenix.
Also, from other merchants, in relation to the
same subject.
The petitions were referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
By Mr. SMITH of Indiana- The petition and
papers ot Robert Diekerson, of Indiana, praying to
be allowed to locate a Vugima military land war-
rant- referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands,
On motion of Mr. SMITH, the Committee on
the Public Lands was discharged from the further
consideration of 'he petition of the citizens of Car-
roll parish, Louisiana, relative to the construction
of a levee across the public lands, &e and the same
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr ARCHER presented a petition from citizens
of the United S'ates, asking to have a bridge built
over the Orno river; which was referred to the
Comruttee on Roads and Canah
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the petition of
Margaret D, Shaw, widow and executrix of J. D.
Shaw, asking indemnity for stores lost in the Essex:
referred to ihe Committee on Naval Affair1?.
Mr. EVANS presented the petition of Jemima
Watson; and the petition of------Honeywell; which
latter was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. SEVIER presented the petition of Captain
Henry M Shrere, a-.king an allowance for a cer-
tain invention used by the United States, to re-
move snags, &c. from rivers: referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canal .
On mohon of Mr. HENDERSON,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Ju&iciary
be ins rufted to inquire into the necessity and pro-
priety of providing by law for the appointment of
a district judge of the S'ate of Mississippi, and to
assign the pie'er.t incumbent the northern district
of said State, and to increase the salary to be re-
ceived by the judge of each di&tnct.
On motion of Mr ALLEN,
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requeued te inform the Senate, if in his opi-
nion it may bg done without dc'nment to the pub-
lic interests, whether any proposition has been
made to or received from the British Government
s'nee ihe 4th March, 1840, rehtive lo a mutual
right of search; and, if so, to lav before the Senate
all t1 e corres ondence, tojeiher with any instruc-
tions that miy have been given s nee that time by
this tiovernmenf to our Muns'er at England relat-
ing to tois sub ect
Trie following bills were iairoduced on leave,
agreeably to notice heretofore e;iverj, read the first
and by sp cial order a second time, and appro-
priately referred
3y Mr KING: A bill for the relief of Je^se
Carpenter referred to the Ctmmittee on Public
Lands.
Also, a bill for the relief of tje Plum Inland
Bridge and Tarnpike Company; which, with the
paoers on file relative fhsrito, was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. HENDERSON- \ bill fo confirm the
survey and location rf claims to lands m the State
of Mississippi, east of P'?rl river and s0U>h ot the
thirty rust drgKe of noith lairude referrel 'o the
Commi'tee on Public Lmds
By Mr, LINN A bill to authorize (he issue of a
patent to tne heirs and lessl representantes of
Frarci Ri/ard, deceased, wh.ch, with the docu-
r^enti rieriaming th°refo, was referred to the Co<a-
mittea on. Pmae L?nd Claims
Al<o, a bill for the rel ef rf Capt. J. Tftrocfe-
morton; which «as referred o the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
By Mr. YOUNG A bill granting to the State
of Illinois an additional quantity of land to aid in
the completion of the Illinois and Michigan Ca-
nal; and
A bill to amend the act entitled ' An act to ap-
propriate the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands, and to grant pre-emption rights," approved
September 4th, 1841, so as to secure to the settlers
upon the public land*, otherwise qualified, the
rights of pre-eraplion under the provisions of said
act, whether the same shall have been surveyed
previous to such settlement or not.
They were severally referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.          ,
Mr. BENTON, agreeably to notice gnrea on
Thursday last,(¡ sked feave to introduce a bill for
the postporemsn of tae operations of the Bank-
rupt law till July nex/, and to extend its provisions
to the banking c< isolations. Mr. B. prefaced his
motion with a loi g and able argument te show the
necessity of the JOfetponement, and the propriety
and justice of irMuding the banks. He argued
that in the first pla'-e there was not sufficient time
allowed at the extra session to discuss and mature
the bill properly, that it was a Federal Whig mea-
sure, and could not have been passed, except as
preliminary to the passage of the land revenue dis-
tribution bill, and that it was fraught with rain and
disgrace, and must be execrated by the country,
unless repealed by themselves, or nullified by the
judiciary. If it was po.tponel, he would give his
aid to perfect another bill. He argued that it was
no bankrupt system m any sense of the term, and
as such, Congress had no moral or constitutional
right to pass it—that it was purely and simply an
insolvent law, a property law, and a law forthe',abo-
lition of debts, and calculated to free debtors from
their creditors with the greatest possible rapidity,
and the least pr ssible trouble or expense. To show
that the ground he took was true, he contrasted the
provisions of the act with the provisions of the
real bankrupt system as is known to the commer-
c.al countries of the world, and which the framers
of the Constitution had in view which they autho-
rized Congress to act upon the subject. He main-
tained that the primary object of all bankrupt
Uwa was to benefit creditors and enable them to
have something out of an unfortunate or dishonest
debtor'^ estate, but lhat this act was the reverse—
was for ihe benefit of ibe debtor alone He
showed that according to all systems of bankruptcy
the option of making a debtor a bankrupt was
wiih the creditor, and aigued that in justice
it should be so, but that m this bill the option was
given to 'he debtor He went into an analysis
of the whole law, and showed with what ease
frauds could be committed under it—that a man
might become a bankrupt as often a  he pleabed,
and lhat the operation could be performed four
times a year, and twenty-five per cent, be gained
each time on the whole amount of his debts This,
he argued, might become a profitable business, and
be the means of introducing a new application of
the credit system, and open up a new Une of enter-
prise to the modern financiers of the world, who
might choose to congregate in America for the pur-
pose of engaging in it It was what was called
the voluntary system of bankrupicy—a thing, he
contended, unknown to the legislation of the world
until hatched into existence under the hot incuba-
tion of the extra session, for the purpo e of catch-
ing the vot°s of bankrupts, which were estimated
at hundred of thousands.
Mr. B showed how unjust the operation of the
law would be upon the creditor, (the foreign m
particular,) by the short notice given of the filing
of the petition oí the bankrupt In twenty days
after such notice ths petitioner is to be heard, and
the trial to be had. In ninety days the final certi-
ficate may be granted, pnd every credi'or, let him
be where he may, who does not appear within
Ihese days and [rove his debts, or disprove the
petitioner's statement, or c mvict htm of fraud—
every on  -o failing-, ,o--e& his debts frrever, and is
cut off from any share vi the proceeds of the sales
cf ihe bankrupt's estate.
H  summed up the pomis of objection to the law
as follows-
First Because it is not a bankrupt system with-
in the meaning of that term as used in ihe Consti-
tution.
Secondly. Because i' is an insolvent ¡aw, and is,
in that respect, an invasion of the rights of the
States to pass.if
