58
third quarter, ending 30th September, is partly on
estimate.
Mr. WOODBURY remarked that, from the
statement, it would be perceived that the imports
exceeded the exports more than three millions,
contrary to the impressions which had gone abroad
on the subject.
The report having been read, was ordered to lie
on the table and be printed.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER,
The Se ate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,            I
Mobtdat, December 27, 1841.                 I
The journal of Thursday was read and ap- |
proved.                                                                     j
On leave given, petitions were presented by the  '
following gentlemen, and appropriately referred:  >
Mr. EVERETT of Vermont.                               .
Mr. J C. CLARK of New York.                         I
Mr. WARD rose and said he proposed to move I
a postponement of the unfinished business of i
Thursday last for one hour, for the purpose of re- i
ceiving such petitions as would not give rise to i
discussion; or until to-morrow, (Mr. W. subse-
quently said.)
Mr. WISE expressed the hope that Ihe branch
of the resolution now pending  would  be passed
over, in order that the undisputed portions oí the  ,
resolntirn might be adopted.                                     t
Mr. GIDDINGS said he would move to amend
the motion of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Ward] so as to suspend the rules for the purpose  3
of receiving reports and petitions.
The SPEAKER said a motion to suspend the
rule would not be m order, inasianch as, in the
consideration of ihe unfinished business, the Hon«p
was already acting under a suspension of ihe ru'e
Mr. WARD said he would so modify his mo-
tion as to read "petitions and resolutions giving
rise to no debafe."
Mr. FILLMORE said he was entirely satisfied
that this was a very unproductive debate, and that
it ought to be brought to an end Th  House wa?
debating a mere abstraction, and the whole ground
would have again to be gone over when she ques-
tion of ihe tariff should come regularly up. He
hoped an effort would be made to terminate the
debate.
Mr. PROFFIT suggested that if the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Fillmore] was sincere in
the expression of ¡his opinion, it would be in his
power to accomplish the object by withdrawing his
motion of reference to the Committee on Manufac-
turo-.
Mr. FILLMORE said the question of ¡efcrence
■was one for the House, not for Mm, to determine.
Mr. McKEON said he hoped that the presenta-
tion of petitions would be agreed to. It would nut,
be was understood lo say, require above twenty
minutes.
Mr ADAMS said, if pelitions were to be re-
ceived, I give notice that they will not be deposed
of in twenty minutes.    [Laughter.]
Mr. F. WOOD asked leave to offer a resolution,
which was not read—
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS objecting.
Mr. B1DLACK asked leave to present a peti-
tion.
The SPEAKER said that objea'ions hid been
made on every s'de to \hs reception of petitions or
resolutions. The C"a'r, therefore, would an-
nounce ihe unfinnhed business
REFERENCE  OF THE PJtESIDEXr'S   ME-SAGE.
The House r.-tsunud ihe consideration of toe un-
finished busm'ss of Thursday w?% being th" fal-
lowing branch of the resolo.ion here ofore offered
by Mr. Fillm. kk:
Resolved, Th't ?o nuch therebf as rejstes to
the tariff be referred to ihe Com®.fee on Manu-
factures.
Which reflation P l>. Atherton hid hereto-
fore moved t:> arrend by "-t.'king nit tee word'
"Committee on Ma.'U, c/vie ," sr:d u^ert.ng ihe
words "Committee of Yy ay- r~d >/rat c "
Which amendment Ms. Khett hid h"'f ti fcf
moved to amend by addirg thereto the follow. g
word5:                                                   ,                   j
"Yfiih instructions that, should it be in ¡heir
éoM&ÉssioííA! GhoM:
opinion expedient to lay additional duties, they
shall be so laid as not to discriminate in favor of
any particular class of industry in the United
Stales."
Mr. WELLER was enti led to the floor, and ad-
dressed the House at considerable length
After noticing briefly, and in a tone of condem-
nation, the wanton and unprovoked attacks which,
he said, had been made by the member from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Arnold,] when speaking of the con-
duct of members of the other branch of the Legis-
lature, Mr. W. remarked that his object in now
rising was not so much to discuss the motion im-
mediately pending, as to refer to some of the other
matters which had been referred to by gentlemen
on ihe other side in the course of this debate.
Amongst other charges which had been made,
he had heard it stated that there was a disposition
on the part of the Democratic members of this
House to ride roughshod over those who differed
wiih that party in a political seise. He had seen
nothing to warrant such a charge. I' was true
that they had rejoiced over the results of the popu-
lar elections which had been held during the late
fall; it was true that they had rejoiced to see the
people again coming back to those Republican
principles on which the Government wa:> founded;
and that they had rejoiced at these renewed evi-
dences of a determination oa the part of the people
to maintain those principias on the preservation of
which, he conscientiously believed, the prosperity
and welfare of the country depended Further
than this they had not gone, so far as he was
aware.
Mr. W. then adverted to the rules adopted at
the late special session, which, he said, prevented
the minority of th's House from expressing their
sentiments, and enabled the majority to f.>rce mea-
sures through, a*'d to place th<m on the s'atute
bcok, without allowing Ihe minority to expiess
their views in relation to the eííecí of those mea-
sures. The minority had been «ffertuclly gagecdj
nay, in the o her end oi 'he C'nito), ti-c had been
taunted with having been condemned, and h-ád
been told that ihe pub'ic eiecut'oner wat v.ai'ins?.
The/ had taken a solemn appeal to the people;
and well migh' they be excused for rejoic ng '¡¡at
that appeal bad been suslained.
Gtniletnen had t<>ld us that (h'sa rule? were
about to be re-enacted, and said ihat State necessi-
ty required it. Sta'e necessity! That had been
the plea of tyrants and the Wends of tyranny in all
ases of the world. Upon that plea, Marat and Ro-
b-speine had justified al! the horrors of the French
Revolution. It v/as a plea up oa w' ich morj out-
rages had bcncommi led on fir rguts of man,
than any other that had ever bscn invented. He
trus'er), frr the sake oí the p°aoe did barrcony of
this House, as well as of the co-intry, no effort
wou'd again be made to ristrict the liberty of
speech m this hall.
We had 1 eard mu/'h spc-ulaUcn in relation to
the causes which had produced the r*cent revolu-
tion in public sentiment, as demonstrated m (he
results of recent elections. txcu;es plenty bad
been manufactured, as ureal, by the Wh'g party.
Three remits Mr. W. attributed to the failure of
Wh'p party to redeem it-- pVdses; amongst which
was ihe pledge to expo«e ccnup ions which were
alleged to cxicr in the Qovunuienr. The Whig
parly l-ad now be:a m ro,«r ' wily a tear; they
had had every opportunity of exposi -3 those c"r-
lupiions, if any such cxis'ed. And sai there any
man so credulous as to b'l eve t! sit, f the charges
(f corruption which had b--n made bef re ihe
people were trap, the '"big part' wuld now,
when 'rtpy had the p^wer. have ia.l. d to prove
them?
Amongst oiher charges v.-Vrh fw>' been ras,dt
«spinet Ih? Demo rahe par'v boto - the lecent
Pre^id-Ths! eV"io 1, \"-.« Ihpt of -xtiavsgai ce.
Of all the charges nhi'h ha'1 bDO> b'ou?. t ag^w
that party, non b-d ha ««rb -n rifle on ihr
nub'ic mind as th- eh?-it- of <:,;. a- p,?A¡r.,;e it. the
<xpenditure~ of  ,e p hi," mir-i, rfne per p'o
had befi told that the pa"-1-, to ^ !,i"Ji vo (Mr'. W )
belonged, fere n<.'r,g th° pnic moneys fo- ¡he
most corrupt purposes The ,Vhig party had pro.
raised the peop'e of ihe State ff Ohio that if the
' Whigs came into power, the expenditures of tne
Government should be reduced te the annual sum
of fifteen millions of dollar?. But what was the
fact? The report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
sent in at the commencement of the present ses-
sion, laid the expenditures of the present year at
tie sum of thirty millions of dollars. Here was
a direct, palpable, and flagrant violation of a
pledge given fo the people. But it was only ne-
cessary to let the people understand these things, to
disabase them of these prejudices, in order to se-
cure the application of the proper correctives; and
the very moment the people had understood the
true character of the party which had made pledges
only to violate them, that very moment they had
rejected them.
Mr. W. here alluded to the condition of the
country, the deep indebtedness of the States, arising
from wild and extravagant expenditures for works
of internal improvement, which t'oey could not
pay, and to the existing corruption of public and
private morals. What had produced this state of
things? Was it the working of the Democratic
principle? Was it the carrying out of that great
principle upon which this Government had been
founded? No; it was a base slander to say sj.
It was the result of the corrupt system of banking.
Mr. W. then adverted to the loan of twelve mil-
lions of dollars already authorized by law, and to
the proposition contained in an amendatory bill re-
ported at the present session by the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, to add the
sum of five millions of dollars thereto, making an
aggregate of seventeen millions of dollars. And
had the Whig party laid the foundation for a na-
tional debt?
Mr. W. then glanced briefly, for the purpose of
reprobation, at the increased expenditures in diffe-
rent departments of the Government, and especially
to the proposed increase of the army and navy. As
to the latter, he said it was propos d by the Secretary
of the Navy to increase that arm of nor delete so
as to be equal to half the navy of Great Britain—a
project the support of which, Mr. W. said, r.onld
require frora twenty to twenty-five mil'.ons per
annum. Were the people prepared to see the ox-
denditures of the Government increased to fifty
millions of dollars a yeai? Was this the reform
promised? Was this the economy which the Whig
party had pledged thei&selves to introduce into the
administration of Dublic afTius? ¡1 v/as not neces-
sary for us to keep up a large navsl armament f r
the prelection of our commerce, though it was ne-
cessary for Grpat Britain to do so. The p Hey of
the two^ countries, in their commercial relations,
was essentially diff rent. Great Biitam carried on
her commerce either by force or by the influence
of money. When force wou'd accompli h her
purpose, she resorted to that. Wi'cess the caje of
China. When force would not do, she re-orted
t) the influence of money, as in the case of our own
country. Not such was the policy of the United
Slates. Her policy, in commereial affaiis, was
negotiation and peace; and in this way she accom-
plished what Great Britain effected by the means
he had indicated. He repeated, therefore, (hat ihe
United States did not require a layge naval .'orce to
carry on her commerce.
A few word< as to the irrmediats question before
the House. Gentlemen diffrred wdely as '0 the
meaning to be a!tach d to oertam expressions m
the Presídeme message. He (Mr. W.) under-
s ood the meaning of the President lo be thi--: that
the only object of 8 'ar.ff wa« to produce r. revenue
to meet the experts of the Government, bin 'bat
in doing th-.t, Congress ra^t,' discriminate b«-t~een
articles in such a manner as to año^í incidental
piotiction. In this connection Mr. W. leppi'ed
too idea -ahisn ha ' bi en thrown out 15 'o Exicu-
t ve dictation ;n this p >rnen o t'-e i pwío . Ho
trusted that m-*rr.br"-s on f-is fio'r w\e v"t at
'iberty to ^peak of ihe ■ fit*- ,v of it p ?'«si \nt
wiihout subjecting Ih-Tis-I " s to Sue ciai-e <>f be-
in.- die .Ted to by th- ix c.jiiv .
Mr. W. condemned 1 ¡o decn-isu o s "-'•> '-h !-e
hrd heard against t,,e pJlS ,nnt 01 ihis floor. Ho
(Mr W.) had heard rp-h-ts «pito', ..:s ch, hi
trusted, for thp res-pect wmch Ihe m-mbersct the
House owed 10 them'clves and frora a sense ol
