62
CONGRESS ÍONAL GLOBE.
4
forth of his crop, would be gone—lost Mean-
while, the British experiments in India, and every-
where eke where cotton would grow, were pro-
ceeding: what wouid become of the Southern
market for cotton m a few years?
The gentleman from South Carolina assumed
that all protective duties were so much bounty,
and a tax on the peop'e for the benefit of the manu-
facturers. Such ras far frum being the fact. So far
from it, that Mr. H. did not believe that, ordinarily,
prices were mcrtased by it at all. True, there
was, and could be, no absolute fixed rule to judge
by. But here it should be observed that a surplus
supply, even though small, affected the market to
a tar greater extent than simply the actual amount
of surplus. A surplus to the value of #10,000
would affect a market to the amount of $100,000.
He believed that prices gsnerarly were rather di-
minished than increased by protective duties. A
merchant who bad been in the habit of talcing
gooos from a home in Eng and lo the amount o£
$1,000, writes to his correspondent lhat in conse-
quence of the increase of duty he could now take
but $500 What was the consequence? The Bri-
tish manufacturer, finding a surplus of $500 wonh
of good  on hand, and knowing ihat il tms sur-
plus was thrown into the Amen aa market it
would reduce that market perhaps $50 000, imme-
diately reduced his pr ce, and thus he bore half the
increased duty He took half as about the ave-
rage. Supp i«e the duty now to be 20 per cent.
86d for protection 20 per cent more. T.ie foreign
manufacturer paying half the addition reduced the
actual duty to 30 per cent. Htre came in a com
petition between our own manufactures and the
foreign. Competition reduced the price; and next
year the British manufacturer would bear the whole
of the additional duty. Thus, pro'eetion gave a
spring to the efforts and energies of both couatne:;
a larger amount waj proluced, and prices
were, in consequence, reduced. There was, m
fact, a double competition; first, between our ma-
nufactuiers and those abroad and then among
our own.
But it was said that all this reduction of pnce
was owing to improvements in machinery, and not
from the effect of ptotectiori. Mr. H. admuied
that labor saving machinery had done much to-
ward such a result. B,t «hat called tle,e im-
provements into being? Was u not pretectal,!
Was it not the tliscria mating duties?   Assuredly.
In lllustiation of this reduction of pnce as thü
consequence of prokction, Mr. II. went mto a de-
tail of f..c s Fjo i official returns, it appo aed th?t
iron bus for biaces m 1816 paid a duty of ei«¡ teen
shi la gs and £ve pence, and n 1832 'h" nnee had
comedown to five shillings Flammeis ,n 1816pad
twelve shilling-, but «eia reduced in 1832 to (our
shillings and twopence So, common locks ft II
from four shillings to one shilling and toree pence;
butt hmges from wree shillings and three pence to
one sHill ns and four pence An 1 here, Mi. y.
said, he had a fact for his friend from South C iro-
lina, who had u'iered such dole'ul lamentations
over the oppre<ision of the pocr man, «bo was =o
heavily la*ed by the tnanu sctnrrrs on every nail
he drove mto his cabin. Ja 1816, nans were at
eleven and a half een's a pommel, the duty bring
three cent, in 1818, nsu's of the -a> i? km t pai i
s x and a qj?rtei cents, the i u'y being meanwmle
raised to Sve cents, M'e price fe'l .¡(ict-iAnib as low
asfiieand a half rvnis, and eve/i le s than nat
This Wüs the way the poor man w-is laxed t > ; ed
the miint,factu>'frs on every nail he drove m'o bi
caoin- he ¿'oí ti s iMtlfoi a ¡•nee less than* hie pbo-
TEOTi\Ta Den r T*e -ame \ n the c?se w ih broa I-
cloth; the pric  L.-d fal'en as the dn'i ro-e A
gentlempn near him ■-a d 'hit there bad b=cn c m-
petition m Er> i.iid Yes, and ho v muoh co'jld
that affect our manufactures when tie pr,ce of
nails was b<"!oiv ih   duty1*
Mr H, exprf^f d >i s r'pre* I>a th s while sub-
ject had b^en treate I <ts f it v,ei-> a >c«' qrestion,
and as if He vEigUn'i " ?s fe o¡ ly pom n of the
Union which va-Tco"-e-ne i Ba* ihi i a-, noi a
New England qa^Un, no, i. r a Mas a^hu eti
quest on The ma .u'act^r s o Alas achu e"s
could stand with less protection than most others
In some of them very large capital was invested,
and they could stand almost any storm. In fact,
such establishments as Lowell could do better if the
duties were lowered; because small competitors
would fall, the amount manufactured would dimi-
nish; and prices would then n«e.
Pennsylvania needed protec'ion more than Mas-
sachusetts. All the great gram-growing States
had as direct an interest m the proteciion of raanu-
factuie^ as Massachusetts had. Indeed, if be were
to select a State which, beyond all others, would be
benefited, it would be Virginia. She produced
the "yellow corn" which was so great a favorite
with the gentleman before him, [Mr. Wise ] Th's
was the product of her lowla!>d>. Further up the
country she had water power in abundance; and
her mountains were stored with precious minerals,
salt and iron. Let the experiment be tried, and it
would soon be found that the interests oí that whole
State would be effectually and directly advanced
And in a short time all her people, and, indeed, all
the people oí the Union, would come to bem iavor
of that incidental ptotecmn which was recom-
mended in the Executive message.
[Here Mr. H. reluctantly jielded to a mction to
adjuuro ]                  ,
The motion to adjourn was waived for the mo-
ment, at the request of—
The SPEAKER, who laid before the Hojse
certain testimony m the case of the contested elec-
tion from Florida, which,
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE, was referred to
the Committee of Elections.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
following Executive communications, which were
laid on the table and ordered to be printed:
A letter from the Secretary of War, trai^mittmg
sM'emems prepared by the Commi^ione- of Pen-
sums,, embracing the names of persons who have
made appLcanon for a pension, or an mere se of
pension during the past year, and \ h >se f-pphcd-
tions were rejected, together with the narne^, resi-
dence, the capacity in which they severally a.lege
they served, and the giounds on whuh they were
rejected.
A letter from the Secrelary of th  Treasury,
transmitting the annual report from the Commis-
sioner of trie General Land Office, vith accom-
panying ¡statements.
A le ter from the Secie'ary of#the Treasury^
transmittmc, in complance with a resolution of the
House of 'he 22d of June last, statements on ac-
count of the civil 1 s', mivelkneous, foreign m-
teicourse, military department, and naval ser-
vice, &c.
Ihe motnn to adjourn was then put and car-
ried.
And the House adjourned.
ICf'Vl!'. Jeremuh Brown appeared in his scat
n me House of Kepresenta'ives to day.
SENATE.
Tdijsdat, December 28,1841.
Mr. "WALKER, Senator of Mississippi, ap-
peared in his seat to-lay.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. presented a memo-
rial from the Antislavery Society of Pennsylvania,
praying Congress to take measures to remove the
se-u of Go,eminent to Cincinnati, Pittsburgh, or
Piiiladrlphia; or to some central point in a non-
si 've «Ming S atf
Oi matnn of Mr. KING, th- motion to receive
said peirion wis laid on the .able.
<3r MANGUM, from the Cjmmittee oa Print-
n , jepor' d that that committee had gi/ea per-
ra < on to has  pnn'ed the conimunicmup from
the See-e ary of the Tie?sqry, enclosirg the report
of >h« C( Tn'ssiorer of trie G^ne'ai L n<! Office.
Mr SMITH of Indiana moved to have  e
us'.a! adili'ional q-iant/y of that uocumeii p-mied,
tnat s, 3h0 adrli'ion?! for the Senate aid 500 for
*b- use of me Geneial Land Office Depa tment
ii was a document of con n,erable importance, and
mme tnan  500 were .«bsola'ely requ red for tae
epir'ment
Mr  rL\Y was opposed fo printing any   a ' V
n^í q1 antitv, on tu.e ground that tie mnps wt.e
ray «pensive and úseles?; that heretofo e .bey
had not been sent out.   But if they were needed by
the Department, he was for letting the response
bihty of print ng rest with it, and let the country
see that the Executive was chargeable, and not the
Legislative Department, with extraordinary charges
for printing.
Mr. SMITH explained that the subject had been
referred to the Commit ee on Punting, and it had
agreed lo print the ordinary quantity, and ihe ques-
tion now was wheiher they should order the usual ex-
tra quantity. Mr S, showed the importance of the
document, and the necessity of the extra number
for Ihe use of ihe Department. He also showed
that if the 500 were ordered by the Department,
the expense would be much greater—the cost would
be as much nearly a-s for the original printing.
If the extr.t quantity was ordered by the Senate,
here would be no charge for the composition be-
yond wh'ch was charged for the regular number.
Such would not be the case if it were left to the
discretion of the Department.
The question was taken and the 1000 additional
ordered.
Oa motion by Mr. PIERCE, the papers of Isaac
Hil on were taken from the files of the Senate, and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BAG BY pre> nted the memorial of Wm.
Wal'er, asking confirmation of title to a certain
tract of land: íeferred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims
Mr. SEVIER presented the petition of Benja-
min Crawford, asking indemnification for losses;
which was reierred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Also, on feis motion, the petition of Robeit Pratt,
for compensauon for yeivices of his father, was
ordered 'o be t..kea f>-om the fiies and referred to
the Committee oi Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. CLAY gave no ice thai he wouid, on to-
morrow, a'-k leave to m'rofu^e tbree joint resolu-
t on-1, pioposm-; ih 'e --ver-I ariendimms to the
Constitution of Ue United States—
The 1st to put a restriction on the veto power;
2d. To take ihe appointment of ihe head of the
Treasury Department from the Executive, and to
vest that power in 'he Legislative branch of the
Government, 3d To extend the provision in the
Corstnution in relation to he appointment of
members of Cmgress to efüce, so that no mem-
b°r shall be eligio'e to leceive an oific from ihe
Efecu'iiie from ihe day of such member'^ elec-
tion to the exp ration of the time for which be was
e ected.
He ?aid ¡here w?s another point in which it was
desirable the ConsMuiion fhou'd be amended—
that was, to bain the duration of time for which
the Chief M-gistrate should be elected But ihat
subject had been taken into hand by another Sena-
tor, who was not then present, and he had no de-
sire ¡o interfere with him.
On motion of Mr. TAPPAN, leave was granted
to Walker, Oaralhers and Co to withdraw their
pape-s from the fil s of ihe Senate.
Mr. LINN subm'tted a resolution, which was
adopted, that ine memorials an¿ resolutions ema-
nating from any oi the Stale Legisla'ures of the
Uní ed S ates, ard presented to the Senate since
1838, with the memorial, and pen ions from any
individuar, relating to the occupation and settle-
ment of Oregon, 1)3 iaiccn from ihe files and refer-
red to the deleft C mmi' ee c a the said Territory.
On mot o- oí Mr. EVANS, leave «as granted
to Wi ham Yciton to v/i haraw ins pppcrsfrum the
files o' ibe Seti'te
Mr BE iR!£N pre en ed trie petuioi of J R.
Tifftt, adrr i s „ or_o< J D P V l„ers           ____
Mr. HUr'V.uVulUl\,rr *n thy Committee^W
Commetf, t íaiP <n p aeise >eport on the petition
of Samu 1 Br >j,n, ^fvi'.? i 3>iip<-n-.ation for addi-
timal duiiPods 'i?vn oncer i<u i.,e Disinct of
Providince, LI ¡as. ¡b-nd. Tie report was
pgr e<' to
AI--0 iepo"-J ba k 11 fn Senate, .valour amend-
ment,
A b' ' for thi re ief rrCile!; -"'(My
A ill for (hen i f of ioe jl,„u Island Bridge
and Vurnti     Co i rany
A uill tor ih-> re i of J t^b I' >jre' and others,
OiVner^ of the b'lg & u i, of  Bratis-ick.
Mr. GUAdAM, Uow. the Cojamiltee on Pen-
