64
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
do, would ba to call on gentlemen to whom it
Blight be referred, to say how the Federal district
courts are to accomplish all the duties this act
will thrown upon them, or how the cases brought
into court the first month of the operation of the
law can be discharged within the next seven years-
Mr. HENDERSON said that the power being
in the Constitution, and the power having been
taken away from the States, to pass bankrupt laws,
it was the solemn duty of Congress to place the
subject in the best practicable form. He did not
believe that this ¡aw was so defective as to. pre-
clude it from being carried into execution; and al-
though he believed that the process must be slow,
he was satisfied that something conld be done.
However, he had no objection that amendments
should be made which would facilitase its opera-
tion; but let them not act the part of children in
this matter, by passing a law, and, before it went
into effect, protract the commencement of it? ope-
ration. He had no reason to believe that the pub-
lic sentiment had changed upon this subject. If a
bankrupt law was not proper at the present time,
when would it be proper to enact one? He hoped
that the bill would bs referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, that they might consider the sub/Vet
deliberately and report upon some plan to facili-
tate the operations of ihe ¡aw; and he trusted that
they would not delay, as he was convinced lhat it
could, even as it bow was, go into immediate ope-
ration. It could not be put into operation by the
courts; it was, to all intents, already suspended.
Then what harm could it do? But it could be put
into execution, and, he repealed, into successful
execution. It could not do all which was de-
manded, it was true, wish the despatch of a week
or a monsh, but what could be done, ought to be
done.
Mr. PRESTON understood the bill to be one
merely to postpone the operation o! the Bankrupt
act. The question of postponement, then, was the
only question to be considered. Its object is to
gain time for consideration, as indicated by the
mover of the bill. If referred to a committee, it
will depend on the nature and amount of business
before that committee vjhethfr the subject can be
duly considered and reported upon before the day
fixed for the act to go into operation. It was alto-
gether a grave question, and he (¡Mr. Prestíw)
thought it ought to be considered now, and by the
Senate itself. He concurred with the Senator from
Alabama that consistency is a jewel. If there was
no other inducement to have the matter m the hands
of the Senate, that of consistency ought (o re-
commend ihat course. He would iheiefore pro-
pose that the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Ben-
ton] should be allowed to take his own course in
the progress of his bill. He (Mr. Preston) con-
fessed that be was, the otherday, opposed to the re-
ference of the Senator's [Mr. Linn's] repeal bill
to any committee; on Ihe same principle, consis-
tency demanded that he should disapprove of such
a reference now in regard to a bill which sloes not
go any ihing like so far as repeal—it only asks for
postponement.
Mr. HUNTINGTON did not care how the bill
was disposed of, so far as regarded the question of
reference, but be thought lhat, as the Committee
on the Judiciary had had the whole subject before
them, they cou'd soon ascertain whether it would
be necessary to repeal the act, or to modify it, so
as to make it efficient; and they could then report
to the Senate in accordance wish their mature deli-
berations.
Mr. TALLMADGE said that there were un-
doubtedly defects in ihe law, but they could be cor-
rected from time to time, as experience might sug-
gest. He was opposed to any postponement, and
especially to any rep-al of the law, and he wan'ed
it to go into operation at the lime fixed, when tk-i
officers whose dn'y i< funj! be to admmi-ter it
could ascertain 'h- d~fec.s, and make th^rn known
with a view to t'.eir corrt-ction. He deprcca'cd
the delay of jnst><", which ihe leaf' postponement
would occasion, ar.rt oMed pon the friends of the
measure to rally in its defence.
Mr. BUCHANAN had already s'aled he did not
believe that with the present judicial courts of the
country, the Bankrupt law could be executed.  He
did not propose to go into the merits of the mea-
sure itself, nor to allude to the change of public
sentiment in reference to it. He confined himself
to the view of the utter impracticability of the act.
If attempted to be carried into effect on the 1st of
February, as specified, it will soon be found whe-
ther his friend from New York, [Mr. Tallmadge,]
or himself, was right. The law of 1800 he cited
as evidence to show that this bill would be more
difficult of execution than that. It embraced more
cases, and was more extensive. Cases were to be
determined in the circuit courts on the different cir-
cuits, and this would lead to an overwhelming
amount of business. Sixiy days, his life on if,
would prove it true that the bill could not be en-
forced. It would, for this reason, soon become un-
popular, and then odious. The courts in New
York would not be enabled to get through their
business.
Mr. HENDERSON said he appreciated in part
what had been said by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania. He pointed out difficulties without point-
ing out the manner in which they could bs obvia-
ted. All the courts were open, accounts could
be audited, ant!, being audited, wer<! settled under
a form known and prescribed in this bankrupt law.
Cases there might become extremely litigated, and
present embarrassments, but not to the extent men-
tioned by the Senator from Missouri and the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BENTON observed that it was but thirty
days, or thereabouts, till the act would go into ope-
ration. It was not to be expee'ed that a commit-
tee friendly to the measure itself, would be in any
extraordinary hurry to report back a bill to post-
pone the operation of that measure. If there is to
be any postponement, it is lime those affected by
the bill should know it, that they mitiht avoid pre-
cipitation. There was no occat'iou to refer the bill
to a committee for consideration, Lecause there was
nothing in it to be considered but postponement,
and of that the Senate was most competent itself to
judge. If, as alleged in favor of referring to the
Committee on the Judiciary, ¡here are numerous
petitions to be considered, that is a strong reason
why the operation of the act should be postponed,
that tima might be gained for considering them in
connection with the act itself. 'íh's bill will have
to pa s both Hou-es and the Executive in time to
sospend the act; but is there any chance of th.it, if
referred ?s desired? lie bad given his bill me
mildest possible form; far short of his own wishe ,
which would lead hiw directly to repeat. He had
sbsped it merely to call for postponement, wiih a
view of disarming opposition; bur as he taw there
was evidently a strong disposition to insist on the
reference to the Cora'nitiee on the Judiciary, which
he felt to be tantamount to a denial of postpone-
ment, he would, on that question of reference, call
for the yeas and na>s.
They were ordered; when
Mr. BERRIEN said he was not willing to let
this Jiscussion.close in silence. The Bankrupt bill
had before been deliberately considered, discussed,
and passed, and the question now was whether it
should be postponed for the reasons which had
been given. He denied that the bill w.js incapa-
ble of practical operation. There might be faults
which requited amendment, and if ¡here were it
was proper for the Judiciary Committee to consi-
der them. If this was the reason for postpone-
ment, it wís the proper season for reference. The
committee would evade no responsibility, and in
then- examination would report according to that
examinad, n. If it was found thit the bill could
net bs executed, they would report m season for
the extension ot the time for the etlbrct mem of the
b'l', so that the Senate asd Hous3 of Representa-
tives conld act ap'ip. the m-a^ure without embar-
r.isim .lit. if lline were SOO,000 or 250,000 bank-
rupts, ¡t would no doubt add a uch to the labors
ot the judie-ary; or, i; the ca=;ti were to be all of
a cotiirovned cba'.-c'-.-r, there would be more r-a-
snn in the a'g'iffltnt wh'ch r-a.-i b¡ en advanced.
But there was no probnbi'ity of this. With the
pre«?nt judicial m-.chmery of the nation ¡he bill
could go into op;raucti. Having- taid thus: much,
he was ready for action upon the motion which
the Senate might think proper to make,
Th ; question was then put on the reference to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and decided in
the negative, by yeas and nays, as follow;:
YEAS—Messrs. Bates, Berrien, Clay of Ken-
turky, Clayton, Evans, Graham, Henderson, Hun-
tington, Morehead, Porter, Simmons, Southard,
Tallmadge, Williams, and Woodbridge—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Baetby, Benton,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Pulton, King, Linn, McRo-
berts, Mangum, Mouton, Pierce, Prentiss, Preston,
Rives, Sevier, Smi'h of Connecticut, Smith of
Indiana, Sturgeon, TappaD, Walker, Woodbury,
Wright, and Young—25.
Toe bill will take its place on the calendar, sub-
ject to be disposed of at any time.
The bill reported from the Committee on Public
Lands, with an amendment, to establish an addi-
tional land district in the State of Albama, was
taken tap, the amendment agreed to, and the bill
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion of Mr. EVANS,
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tdesdat, December 28, 1841.
The journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. TILLINGHAST asked leave to prr-sent a
communication from the Collector of Providence,
setting forth (as the Reporter understood) the ne-
cessity of immediate repairs to the custom-house ia
that place.
Mr. T. desired to refer it to the Committee on
Commerce with a resolution.
Mr. GOGGIN objected, unless all were to have a
similar opportunity.
Mr. CALVARY MORRIS asked leave to make
a report from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
Mr. GOGGIN objected, unless reports generally
could be received.
On motion of Mr. JAMES, the House passed to
the orders of the day, being ihe
REFERENCE OF THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
The House resumed the consideration of the un-
finished business hi yesterday, beicg the following
branch of the resolution heretofore offered by Mr.
Fillmore:           f
Resolved, That so much 'hereof as relates to the
tariff ba referred'to the Committee on Manufac-
tures.
Which resolution Mr. Atherton had heretofore
moved to amend by striking out the words "Com-
mittee on Manufactuies," and inserting the words
"Committee of Ways and Means "
Which amendment' Mr. Rhett had heretofore
moved to amend by adding thereto the following
words:
"With instructions that, should it be in their opi-
nion expedient to lay additional duties, they shall
be so laid_as not to/discriminate in favor of any
particular" class, of industry in the United States."
Mr, HUDSON.'resumed from yesterday, and
concluded his argument. He first corrected a slight
error in the repirt of his icmaik.. in the National
Intelligencer of this morning, which he said was
otherwise verv corree'. What he had slated was,
that, by an official report made to the Legislature
of Massachusetts in 1837, it appeared that the num-
ber of persons engaged id manufactures in his
Slate was-117.000, aud that t.di did riot include
those engaged in the small Bianifsctunng business
carried on in families. When he give way to ihe
motion for adjournment yesterday, he had ststed
that, as a peñera! piinciple, protection, when the
duty was wisely laid, and imp.'tcd on those arti-
cles which sere m?nufac'f.re«l ¡n this country,
tended to reduce, ratiirr than inttreitse, ihe pi'ce of
fhose artices. Tcere were .-ome exceptions to this;
if might b" for a wry hnu'ed p' riod that a dü'y im-
posed on an article would i:.'cr¡vise its price; but
th° reverie was the ger,r-rai triidi. it might be
sdid, m answer to ibj>, that if 'h- eff-ct of di.scri-
mtnating duties was to reduce the price of arttcles
in this country, it would íumsh m¡ protection. He
could cleariy show ib«v, a¡th"i\'h -he imposition of
a duty tended to decrease the prtcf. of aritc'ea, still
the manufacturer was nrotecfed.   He illustrated
