CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.
---------WEEKLY---------
PRICE $1 PER SESSION.

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1841.
Volume 11"--No. 5.
Continued from No. 4,
this at home length, by tracing toe operation of this
principle with reference to particular article.
Gentlemen had spoken of a protecting tariff as
an exploded doctrine. When, where, or by whom,
he asked, was it exploded1 it was a doctrine of
the Constitution, recommended by the first Presi-
dent, recognised by the very fkst act of Congress
after the establishment of this Government He
would not go through the list of Presidents or pre-
cedents en this subject, but would say that every
President, except the elder Adams, had recognised
clearly the doctrine of protecting American indus-
try, and encouraging manufactures. This doc-
trine, it bad been acknowledged by gentlemen,
was recognised in the compromise act, which had
not yet expired, and, consequently, this explosion
must be a future event Or, if the doctrine was
exploded at all, it had been by the speeches on this
floor in favor of free trade
Free trade had been recommended as glorious in
the extreme; and it had been said, if all men
would come into it, we should have a commercial
millennium. He considered it as nothing more or
less than a system of non-resutance. Why did
not gent'emen who advocate it go the whole lengih,
and say they would not erect forts, build ship",
support armies and navies' becausp, if ad men
would live peaceably together, we should have a
militar? millennium. Would these genthmsn go
the whole length of the doctrine, and carry out
the prmcip'e of free trade, or non-resistance on
other subjects1 If so, they mignt apply it to com-
merce, but not before.
Mr H. here lepued to various arguments ihat
had been advanced The gentleman f om South
Carolina, [Mr Rhett,] the other ray, had spoken
of the severe taxes impos d on 1 .bor for the sup-
port of manufactures It was a notorious fact,
that the slave population did not consume the «ame
amount of dutiable articles as the free population
of the North, the operatives of a cotton-mui con-
sumed articles paying ten times as much duty as
the articles consumed by the s?me number of
slaves. He would admit that a greater number
of fiee articles was impur'ed into the Northern
than the Southern States, but admitting this, the
North pa d greater duties, and for proof of th s, be
referred to a Senate docum nt of the first ses^n of
th  26 h Conjres , which showed that from 1821 to
1839, the duty on ike whole amount ot article 
imp rted into the Sta'e of Massachusetts exceeded
the duty on articles imported i i o South Carohna
bv 10 per cent. It was alco said that the whol 
tariffsj&'em was a s\>t m of plunder and robbery,
and an iniquitous -ystem, all the advai!ag s of
which the Northern mrru acmrer rean-d, whi'e
the taxes were paid ly tie pi<-dwer Tie who)"
ar¿ument¡proceeded on the giojt.d that theJNonn-
ern manufacturer was very veallhy.
For the purpose of showins that this was rot
the cise, Mr II en ered scmtwlnt at large into
an examination oí the amount oí capital reqjired
in the manufactuie of various articles manure-
tared in Mas achusetis, s'-owmg that itwioiery
small, and that nve en'hs of t' e value of the a
tides, when manuidctu ed,va<- th  product oí la
bor wheteas the produc ion ot cot on was st-ic y
a production of capital—tbe land being capita! a> d
the slaves being ca-utV—so that the con-st if
thee was one, was not, as Southern gentlemen
cunterded, i content be'vren Nouhern cipital ai d
Southern labor, but between Norihern labor and
Southern csrutal
He conc'ud d by saving that if theie -vas aún-
ele question of national p"l cy, in which all parts
of the country had the same interest, it was this.
Let duties be judiciously lail, let there be a w *e
discrimination, and a dr-cnminating tariff woult
op^ra e for the mutual benefit ot the Ea,t and
West, of the North and South
[A message was received ftom the Seuate, by
A.DiCKiNSjesa,. Secretar}, informing the House
that the Senate had passed the following bills, and
asking the concurrence of the House therein
An act for the relief of Samuel Crary.
An act granting  a   pension to Margaret  Ja-
miason.
The Senate also informed the Hoa-e that that
body had appointed Messrs. Preston, Kino and
Choate, a committee on its part to arrange the
placng of the statue of Washington ]
Mr. PAYNE did not rise to address the House
on this worn out subject, because he felt any incli-
nation on his part to do so. Widely different were
his feelings But this subject of protection to do-
mestic manufactures bad become a matter of con-
sideration m the State wh'ch he had the honor, in
part, to represent; and its. Legislature had expressed
a feeling so decidedly in regard to it, that he could
not be silent when it became the subject of discus-
sion on that floor. They had taken the ground
broadly and decidedly that this Government had
not the right in imposing duties to discriminate for
the sake of protection to manufactures. This was
the ground that the Legislature of his Sta'e had
taken, and in taking it, he was happy to say that
he fully concurred with them.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Willum ]
said yesterday that no member of that House had
advocated the doctrine of protection to domestic
manufactures wi'hout regard to revenue    If he
understood htm correctly, he asserted that no metr-
ber on that floor wished to discriminate in the im-
position of duties beyond the purposes of revenue.
[ \ír. Williíms here corree'ed Mr P ]
The gentleman, Mr   P. said, then took back
what he said yesterday, and he was g'ad he had
done  it     Had  hs not done so, he shonl I have
taken the trouble to prove to th  House tl it pro-
tection was the obj°ct of the paity in power, at the
extra sess'on; that it was one of thf principal ob-
jects for which  the extra session wps cí>I1 d, ard
that  all   the   measures   of  that   session   tended
to    that   object     Theie    was    the    loan    bill
to    pay   a    debt    of   less   than   two    millions
of Treasury notes that had been left  by  the last
Administration.    There was the D btnbntion bill
to dram the Treasury in  order to ereste new ex-
cuses for additional taxation, and  if this was not
enough for that purpose,  there were extravagant
and unnecessary pptropnations made to s^ell out
the amount.    It was  admitted, however, on that
floor, that protection was the object of the p-rty n
power    What was the declaration of the gentle-
man   from   Pennsylvan-a,  [Mr   W W    Irwin]
when he addressed the Hou e on this «nbj ct    He
told you that the Wh'g party in Penn yiva-n were
pledged to  the protection of domcsiic   manufac-
tures during the Presiden ial canvass, fha' protec-
tion was scribed  on  th    Firrwon rU5   f nd he
calle 1 upon the Whigs of th  So«ih to red em th 
p'- ge? then made.    What d d they hear fiom the
gentle ran from New York [Mr   LrfN]  U'ei he
sp ke on this question1   Why, that we most cro-
tec cur laboréis against the pauper laboi cf Eng-
land    Did they not  further hear  that   Norihe n
labor would not be content, if placed on  an equa
hty with the s'ave labor ot the South'?    He would
not, hoacver, enlaise on this branch of the subject
It he dd, he should, perhaps, be tfiavn into  a
warm h of expression that he miaht regre*    He
wouid, however, contend ihat ,nis Government hi 1
not the light  in layi >g taxe ,t> Uscnm nale<ortbe
sake of piotect or. to any one biarch ot do"iesti'
mdus'ry     What d,d the protective pohc, propose?
Why, to take from the cit zen tbe   r gV  he  has
never smrendeied, to sell the produc °of hu labor
«here he can g"t tbe bcr1 pnces, and  to  pureha e
the at tides he consumes from those v-ho will  sell
to him at the lowest prces    Tht , si '  Mr   P   i
what your protective policy pre post , pn^ it is what
this Government has no light to do     Mr   P   then
went on to explain the process by wo ch tae proac-
tive svstems affects the consumer
In the course of bis remarks, Mr P showed tne
I onerous burdens imposed by the present tariff on
the consumers of the country for the benefit of the
manufacture s, and which the latter, so far from
being satisfied with, were clamorous for more. The
present laws imposed a duty of 20 per cent.   The
importing merchant who paid that duty charged a
profit on it of 5 per cent, making 25 per cent,
which was the first operation of the law.   This 25
per cent   had to be paid .by the retail merchant,
who added to it a profit of 50 per cent   which
brought it up to 374, and to this must be added the
home valuation, which, at the lowest computation,
was equal to 24 per cent, thus bringing up the
amount to be oaid by the consumer to 40 per cent,
on a tariff of 20 per cent,   Was not this a most
intolerable butden to the consumer?   If the neces-
sity  of the country required that they should
bear   such  a  heavy burden,  he well knew that
they would   bear it without a murmur.   It  was
the duty of good citizens to support the Govern,
ment in all expenditures  necessary  for its  ho-
nor and interest, and 'he agricultural e'asses would
be willing to go to  that extent; but beyond that
point, let htm tell gentlemen, they would not go.
They would not tolerate the increase of the r bur-
dens,  for the sake of piotecti g a favored class.
Let the consumers in the North and in the South,
in the East <md in  the West, but reflect ihat, oa
every  bubbel of salt, every axe, every hoe and
plough, and every implement they used, they paid
a duty of forty per cent, and then asir them if they
.re willing to pay more for the sake of protection.
Then, to ta k of 'hi? protection being for the bene-
fit of domestic industry, while tbe protected interest,
not satisfied with the present enormous rate of duty,
were clamonrg for more t Gentlemen m ght ta'k of
this du y as they please1, bu he would  tell them
that ihe people ot this country <vodld not submit for
a moment after they fuhy u>~der 'ood the subject.
They would be «lavt-s, and worse than s'aves, it they
did   But where did gentlemen get the power, under
the Constitution, to protect one sprctes of industry
at the expense of all the resf¡ A'l ihe powers of this
Government were tru t powers, and to pervert them
to such objects was a fl .gitious violation of the trust.
Here he was met by the argument of ihe gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr   Hon, n,]  th%t protec-
tion to  manufactures was sanctioned oy the ge-
neral  welfa-e tía se m the  Uons i ution.     He
profc ed against this di Crine as consolidating in
its  tendency,  and   dangerous in  procure.   But
he dented the premises of the gentleman in toto.
Tne protcc'ive system was not for ihe general wel-
fare.     It was to benefit any small port.or of the
community, by taxing all the rest fir their bent fit.
It was staled by the gentleman fr ra. Sou h Caro
lina  i e o her du, that by the census it appeared
ihat H ere vvere oil.  abou* 790 OOOpers ns ergaged
,n .he  manufaciui-co of all knds, while the whole
nuipbrr   of   inhabitants   of   th«*   Uoied   States,
Amounted to something over 17 000 000, and that
fur ihe benefit of th's sma'l number of sevm hun-
dred and odd thousand persons, the who'e ps pie of
the   United States   were taxed.   Ti,e gen letnan
fnm Mas«achusetts, bo'vevr-r, said tria1 this was
no> a fiir arguovrt btcause this 17 000 000 was
ccmrosed of men, w.mei, ani children, while ihe
ni,rnoer engaged n  Ihe manufactures wa" co>n-
pC5e 1  of «hie  ho h A men       Tpis Mr  P con-
ceded s0  fara th* manufae'u e  w&econcerned;
out i'il not t *e seri'leman r col ert ih«t the women
a , ici'len v 10 com; o^e prat of this 17 000,000,
v '-- consumes?     Who paid the duties on ihe ar-
mies tint th°e   women and children consumed?
Why, their fa hers a .d he r hu-bands, able bodied
Tn. v vere tret vvi h precedent and \ en t<ld
tp-i i-everv <istactoi the Givemm-nt «as for
,,'- nuipose ot protec'irg domes! t i t a"ac u,es.
He eon-e^d it, bu< it that art a.c eln for toe
nurp se of pro'ection, seti'ed tl e quest, n ihat Go-
Vcrn~ienthadtaepo*erto prote-t manufactures,
an f band nment by allsubseqientacu of that pe-
culiar feature would seile the principle lh?t tbe
whole system had been abandoned.   Did any act
