66
passed since, bear on its face the avowal that du-
ties were to be levied for the purpose of protection?
Not one; all professed to be tor the purpose of re-
venue. Why was tms principle abandoned if it
was not foreseen that the Supreme Court, if the
questu n hid been brought to them, would have de-
cided that they had no light to tax one porti'nor
the country for the. benefit of another—'he greater
portion for the benefit of the leaser? Hence, even
in the passage of the celebrated ¡>ct ot 1828, m
which protection was carried to its fullest extent,
its friends were afraid to come out and avow their
object, but concealed it under the pretext of raising
revenue. So particular were the framers of the
Constitution to protect individual right;, that they
expressly declared in the Constitution that p-ivate
property should not be taken for public benefit un-
less just compensation is made Yet it i ds pro-
posed to tax sixteen millions of individual forty
per cent, on the article-they consumed, for the sole
purpose of protecting 700 000 !
So particular were the framers of that mst-u-
ment in pro'eciiog individual righto agam-t the
ex¿e ions of tVs Gjvernment, thai they ex Ttssly
declared the* private property should rot be taken
for pnb.ic u e without ju^t rompen--? ion therefor
Can you imaginp, fot a moment, tha> an.' oi>e
State wcnld have become a member of this Union,
if it had been supposed that you coui 1 tax one por-
t on of them for the benefit of another? No. he
hazarded nothing in saying that a Umon on buck
terms ne ?r coull have been formed. The States
would rnv  sjf n the cons queues rf such ¿ cum-
ple', and ha' in the c urs  of time some of them
maa fa'l v.c'iiTio to íh s inquitous policy Novi
he would a k whj, it wts that tins pari ca'ar
branch of d mes'endu ry -vps so necuiinr1/ un-
der the ' "rge of ¡his Go 'ern.ner1 1 Gentlemen
cal ed't h in ■ iilttstry, and he kne ; that there
was a prcrl i ^ensiL/encs on IS at subject. But
h3 v-oi tit a k if there was no uiiei h me 'adustty
thatwa ei tljJ to sjrrpthy a_d rigvO Was
not c n i; ü own the ft n n, elt-, un  im in ■ had ,
the scvi g rf ' >  seed a> u the ie?p ng C the har-
vest, as ma^'ilio-pr irdi.st-y as the uueiest-, that
called so ioj iy í i pío e> inn'' Put, sa <1 Ml. P.
you Uv thi.  it every th ig they consume, in
order to Leu it a spec es uf industry no* a una
more mtntjuou', an I whnh does no* coo ribute
*o largely to the prospeiit/ ?nd happ ness ot the
country. But ¡he gentleman who la&t addressed
the Hou e, [Mr Hodson ] said that tue agricultu-
ral in'erest wps protected also. But wet t> is so m
effect? Th ; hEdliU1-, to be. sure, taxing the p>o-
dac's oí foreign afpcul'ure, but it was idle to fup
pose that any protection was thereby affort'fd to
the rgric'-'tiTiSt of th.s country. It would be
worth whi'e o show the number of souls on every
square mile in tne rou itn-sof Europe in wh.ch
agricultural products similar to ours are groun, in
order to show the utter fallacy of this argument,
but he had not been ab'e to get the mformatim
To tell hm, however, tna  the agriculture of this
country, not iet hall filled up, and embracing a
variety of climate adapted to every growth of th 
soil, was p-ol cied against thptot countries filled
up with p ipulat on to o vet flowing, and ground
d wn to the verge of starvation, was only to exe'e
hs dertsio' The agr.cultunst here was in no
danger of 1 eiaa injured by competition from thr-e
couti'nes, it vas i<upossib'-> 'bat ,h  agricultural
tntertsisif e Dnmdlcss c tntiy, wi h frrt hty of
soil ui'surpi.^ed, could ivedtob: prolrc'ed froj>
the competí en of ti.vse ton itrits wb eh c Hd rra
feed their ot n fit ¿ens. Hea ti, s1 cng h, and the
protection oi the God of Hoaven, was a 1 th^t tne
agncal unst w i'ed, a^d Ins own Mnewy sni
would produce all the necessaries of li'e, a id b 
would feel hm t'f diqradeu to oep rd on t'e ac-
tion of this G veinmerubr ihe protectton ot 1 s
mdustty
There vasano''-cr ctj e .on he hid to t' e pro-
tective s stem It was dc truelive if rj>tio<al
\ti th He wouldilli<s a p tins posi'ion by ciun 
a familiar exan ^'e S„pto°e a hat in Ergland
cost iojr df lkrs, and t'.ai tb % 'ae ar ic'e m toe
United Stat scogi fue, and t'ia', by pro ecftcit, y-n
c ■> pe' th" American citizen to buy the ar c e at
$5.   He viouid atlt if capital to the amount of one
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
dollar was not sunk by this process. The difference
did not go into the coffers of the Government; the
manufacturer did not get it, for it cost him five dol-
lars to rmnuíaf ture the article; but the effect was,
that capital to the amount of ore dcllar was sunk.
He did not de.tre (Mr. P said) to consider this
a« a local question He had presented it as a na-
tional one; but 11 ere was one view of it that he must
present to the House. Under the present system
of collecting the revenue, inequalities must exist to
a certain extent, even under a tariff laid for reve-
nue al ne; but these inequalities were greatly ex-
tended by a tariff for protection. Three-fourths of
the revenues ©f the Government were collected in
one portion of the Union—in Ph ladelphia, New
York, Boston, Portsmou'h, &c In the Northern
and Easttrn cities, three .fifths of the entire levenues
of the country were paid. Now, «hat was the cost
of collection? At least ten per cent, on the whole
amount, and this ten per cent was annu illy left in
the places where collected. It never went into the
other portions of the Union. It wis invested in
land's, house :, merchandise, and other species of
property. It would be thus perceived that, orce m
every ten year1?, t ,e entire r^vtnues of the Govern-
ment were sunk in. th" places wh-*e co'lee'ed.
Th^re was no getting over this fact He might be
told that this was an argument against the present
system of collecting revetiue, ?nd be ¡.dmitt',d u to
be so, but so lor.g as a tariff for revenue alone was
collected, he was willirg to submit t0 the-e inequali-
ties. To c-l'ect, however, a tat iff for protection, "'th
the«e inequalities staring us m the fa'e, would not
so patiently be bo a? There was pnothT inequa-
lity existing wh eh cugh* to be regardel ?s fur-
nishing a s rong argument igainct the linposi ion
of duti'> for protect!' n. L was the meqoial I es ot
the disbuisenen's of tin GoyetntriíUt. Now more
than two-thirds of our íe/enue* tie e disbursed in
the northern section of the Utnon, operating as a
com n .od dt^'n o.i .fothtr section, diminishing its
str n^ta at>d p>r n.zii g its energies, wile it the
s-met.in- it io tered and invigorate 1 ¡he regen
wh.'c they \ie:e so btunifully expend  1. Hs
used this nit a" a 3 ar^um^n* . gafst 'h- pre ^n>
"yste-n of co loenig tht ■event e, but agif" t' "
protective «ytem All of lhele things considered,
it was ímool t c, iniquitous, and unjust, to lay du
lies for such purpu ev It was unjust to one of
the sections o' this Um n, and each scct on had a
right to c'a m sheer ju tic¿ fiout the nanas of this
Government.
There was one other subject which he designed
to present to the consideration of the House It
was a qu-s'ion well worthy the ronsiderati n of the
patriot and s atfaman. It was the effect which im-
ports had on export0. He was not prepared to say
wnat would be all the consequences arising from a
diminution of our imprrtc, but he was prepaied to
say that if imports v eie dimini h d, exports wn ¡Id
be ciminuhed -l>o If the importation wa<= limited
to fifty millions, could it be expected that more
than fifty millions would be export-d? Tne effect,
therefore, that imports had on exports, should oc-
cupy the attent on of every statesman
He did not design, when rising, to detain the
House by delivering a lengthy speech; but he must
say to gentlemen that this was a grave subject,
which ought to be approached wi h «¡cat caution;
and however gentlemen might deprrcve Ellisons
to a dissolution of the Union, h* wou'd tell them
tKit when the question of «¡'avery should be brought
(¡I), theie w'S one  ee ion of the country that would
rot hesitate as to he en uup th-y weie to pursue.
We have, said h , iefl cted on the consequences
th  gentleman frorr  New York has so ir.sidiop=!y
alluded to, aril are prepared to meet hem We
love the Union, tnd if ever an en>ny should in-
vade the North, th  South, as one man will rally
to its support We en'Ttaia n° hostile ioplmgs
towards oui Northern brethren; we Ice tneir, and
b k back w h p le to olt Rpvoiut ^narv hisVry,
n vrhci they mad., co nmon cau e wi h ih  S nth'
í Bat whilst vie venerate the Uttop, our Northern
f b eibren must parckn u for «¡¿yug th?t \ e uil
i no' con rnt to become ruerc servants to them to be
I   laxed at their will.
¡       Mr P. concluded  N expressing the hope that
i   gentlemen would reflect on tins subject, and re-
member that if evil should come, the responsibility
would rest on those who produced it. The conse-
quences, said be, will fall on them, and not on us.
Mr. BURKE of Naw Hampshire lose and said:
Mr. Speaker: But oq one occasion, bu ce I have
had the honor of a seat upon this floor, have I ever
trflicted upon the House any remarks of mine.
Nor would I now, if an imperious sense of duty to
the State I have the honor in part to represen', and
to the virtuous, intelligent, and indep?nd«nt people
who sent me here, did not impel me so to do. Not
addicted to a propensity to talk, nor familiar with
the hab t of public speaking, I have preferred to
be a silen* member, and to leave the business of
wrangling debate to those who have a taste for it,
whi'e I was willing to devote my time and my own
feeble powers to the real buoines of the coun'ry,
and oí the humble and wronged claimant, who is
daily knocking at your doors for justice. Yes, sir,
I have preferred to work; to delve m the onerous
business of your committee , rather than to waste
the time anJ the money of the people in debate,
somet mes woise tKan úselas to thj country. And
I assu'e yon, s>r, tb?f I shru'd not now brepk c er
the d-toi wation upon which ! hare so long act-
ed, i' tl>e h^ror aii"" cha'ae'er of r y adop'ed State
btJ rnt i) en so li'deiy a"d '*a ,'t, .iy ¿«"ta'letl by
the geuhrr-cn fren Tmn .s *~, [M- 4nsoLD,]
who rddicEs-d the "loase on TjursHai id i.
KeSiJe" ■ >r, I &u aware tn.it my vt tc, from na-
tural defi-cf, s too feeb'e io le h ari 'nro^gh this
vast hsll. f sha'i, theiP'o e, s-esk {• r h" people,
as peay mueh <,lt olh^.s sctul,; ior, si . no con-
ve t, «,'c t.ade htre by ta'kiDg. Eat before the
grand or"m of the penfle we are nil heard; and
to that forum mo~e part.cu a'ly do I now address
r^yeif.
The nonorabie gTtleman fro'ii Tennessee, ia
the cour e of h's ku arl s, afte p-om'sipg io give
an accca t ot th  nat"ral, mora!, and social condi-
tion ot N"'v Haipspirt—wn ch, like all other
Wh g prom es, in'ed trust ^-cs ly w the perform-
ance—sprV  tins i f io, t S a'e:
' lie di 1 not init.1 (1 tuili^cuss iheque& ion of ihe tanfTat pre-
sent tie eietj W3ntet to an« ve' tjjp deinogogicat cant ofthe
seitlemai fiom INew Han pshirc V.hat wis ^ewHampshire,
ttrit s[i s o il t fmni h ale\ei 1,1 politic that must get up here
a luc i u owh\t commiltee thib reference should be madet
Wn^t \. t^ Ní-w Ifampshutt A mo^t b<men ard sterile piece
ol t-a ttj He ne\^rcoild thin', of New ' ampshne without
thnkm^ftf b ack chiity rock« of the sc-eechingowf and prowl-
lig^ott Was slie aduanen srm ) op ihtljr7 fie believed not
She wa&ttieoi > Statem ihe X nion tnathad ta^en aretiograde
muyemu 1 o. at Jeasf t>he advanred in popu ation less than
aiy other State She wis in fr\or of fies tiadt.' He won d
like to fnow what isew Hampsh--e ha I to trade on?
[Lau?l ter ] On politics, that was all, itlvd been her trade for
years lit, was totdthcie Was one 'rianufactuling town m the
State and that was m tl e aeni eman's dls net—he did not know
but the very residence of the gentiemai —and that irave a large
majonty against him "
Now, -ir, if I did not rise up and defend that
gallant little ftate from the foul aspersion , cast
upon her by the gentleman from Tennessee, I
should no long r de-erve her confidence, nor be
worthy tf a seat up^n tn s floor. That gentle-
man, wi h all the assurance wmch ignoiance of
her rorditton, 'na,ural, moral, and social," alone
could mapire—and tgno anee, ar, alwavs begets as-
surance—inquires, "What is New Hampshire?"
1 villi tell i-im, sir, what New H>mpshire 1*—her
natural, moral, and «ocal connVior—indi can
do it in no better way than by contrasting her, in
all these seier ! aspect-, wi h Tennessee, the Slate
hen. winch 'h tgo| tlempn ha the honor to come.
New Himp hire i-, imbed, throi ed pmong the
h-lls Si '- is ihe Pmizcrbnd of America Her
mountain? pe nt hijh up ¿nun  th*c!oiids, where
ea- !-t ink  t e 1-11 ht, and rrjov unre*train d the
fre do,) fib  k rs S1   t< a laid, sir,
"Of mo imam a id of flo > 1
Of "leen heath a id shiggv wool'
He-1 loud capt 1. ps, even in mi 'summer, glisten
-i h the fr,-s s and snows nf winter. Tie terrific
avalan he s nr gs from ih^r mnmi s, and thunders
dd&n ti'h sides But, sir, she is aNo a land of
crystal streams, of gla sy lakes, embosomed
arnvPg her hill-—an- of beiutiful valleys and
nfadows, do trd ub neat and pre'ty villages,
teeming wi h fertility, tl e hum of industry, and all
th- ev desees of wealth and piosi-n'y. ' She ha3
nmro of those noble temples cf liberty, common
schools, more village sp res pointing to heaven, and
more of the monuments which mark a high and
i advanced state of civilization, than any other Stats
