é8
Jefferson, oí Madison, of the imnioital Washington—the land
of the Piesidents, and the birthplace of the fathers of yemo
crats Mr Speaker, when 1 speak of the father of his coim
try, I do it with feeling emotions of my «oul Alas ' is there
any gentleman present who does not chill up at the mention of
his name as if he were shivering among the eternal snows of
South America ' But, sir, I cannot dwell here. I repeat that
John Tyler descended from a pure s>to--k, yes, sir, from the no
ble band of Pilgrim Fathers,v, ho landed before my day on the
Plymouth Rock of old Vu gima i And theie,Mr Speiker,that
old rock rears its proud front as one of the glorious monuments
of tha Old Dominion!
"At this stage of the remarks of Mr Dew, of Mauiy, theau
ehence interrupted lum with loud outcries, whetliei of ap
plause or condemnation is not stated, although the principal
woids Go it Dew'' were particniaiiy audible The speaker
proceeded doubtless under the impression that he was achiev
mg unprecedented timmph'¿i the oratorical line, but we re
gret that our limits do not permit us to entertain our readers
with the remainder of his brilliant speech
"Aftei Mi Dew had concluded his speech, another eentle
man arose, and observed that he would like to hear a little
more from the gentleman who had just taken his seat re
lative to the geogiaphical location of 'Old Plymouth Rock
"Mr Dew replied that the rock is wheie you nor I have
«ever been and that is sufHi len , and if not «¡r I repeat tint
it is in the Old Dominion, comn only called the fetato of \ ir3i
ma*'   [screams and yell  ]
Now, sir, (said Mr. Bopke,) i' appears Iba' th*
orator whose brilliant effusim has jus' b-cn read
took one side of Ihe questu n m regard to the men's
of Cap'am Tyler, an*i Ihe gent'etran fremTeniies
see ihe othe". I leave the House to dtede
whether they are boto of the same stamp tf outers
And, sir, judgirg from the s'ate of edition
and literature in Tennessee, can it be a maltt r of
•wonder, that that Slat  should be so far Lehipd her
Democratic si ters m the march of pohticat r f< no1
Why, sir, I ha\e no doubt the genflcrren professes
to hts cons liwiis ¡hat he is Democrat c tn po ides,
and t!iat in vo mg kr him, they still be'ieve they are
vo'ink for tbe glorious principles of the old hero of
the Hermit, ge
I am aware that I have trespassed lorg upon the
patience of the Hotice, ?nd I beg i s pardon for the
time I have occupied. I felt called upon to sa/
thus much m Jelenco of ihe little S'ate I have the
honor m part to represent, which had been so rudely
and wanton \ a-s2iled by me gentleman from Ten-
nessee. A&ute, sir, small indeed in territory, but
second to i one in this Union for her comparative
wealth and enterprise, for her equal laws, her free
institutions, hei progress in ihe mechanic arts and
in civil zation, and for the morality, virtue, inte-
grity, intelligence, and energy of her hardy and
independent yeomanry. I know, sir, she >s reviled
even by her own recreant son--, vile worthies  dirt,
■who breathe her air, and draw their nourishment
from her bosom, and who turn upon their moihei
and spit their venom at her, because of her un-
flinching devotion to her sterling principles. Bat,
sir, I know them witll ihey are contempt'ble, aris-
tocratic upstarts, few m number, and corred by
all. Her good name is revered and ch°ri'hed by
her patriotic «< ns of all parlies, in all pl-ce^, and
under all circumstances    Sir, I have dene
When fir  Burke bad clo ed—
Mr. EASTMAN of New Hampshire ob'amed
the floor, and advocated the reference to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means
When the question had firat been brought before
the House, he said, by the motion of his colleague,
\Mx. Atherton,] made as an amendment 11 the
motion of the gentleman fr m Ntw Yoik, [Mr
.Fillmore,] he t,Mi E) had rot supposed nat the
debate woull have con'inued more than p very
short time. He viewed it as ■> quisiion, namv,
sxtremely narrow an ! circmscri ed.ard h?d 'op-
posed that it admitted, at moi', of a verj hm'od
debate. Bat the te'ate hsd b-anched ofl One
.subject after anetocr bad besn from day to day m-
iroduced, as t ieB debate had picgresstd, until al-
most ev ry th ng connected wuh a ti'iff fcr reve-
aue, wi.h the general po1 iy rt the Government,
and in fact with dm*uuiy i ,n„ having any
« mnectirn with the general ?flairs cf the nation,
ha1! been brousht under di cc sum
Bal, he repe, ted '! e tioe p it t ?t jssie \ia^ a
"very narrow one. it v/d s .u, y tíl =tb.rr in  p¿r-
Hc i'ar portion of me message 'u uld be icferr d
 o ih- C mmutee on Manu ac nre-> 01 to the Com
m t're of Wajs and Mears If l"e < bj'Ct was t
ti iff for revenue, the sub] ct cug'it undoubtedly
w go to the Committee of VVív-. and Mean , but
if, on Ihe contrary, the object was to manóse a
tariff simply for purposes of protection—f, when
aunes were laid, taty were to be laid simply with
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
an eye to manufactures, or the interest? connected
wi'h them, then ought the subject to go to the Com-
mi"ee en Manufactures
Th" co-i'ti'ution of (he latter committee was ex-
amined b> Mr E The fir-t six ot ihe rrembers
cemposing, it, he argued, were all of'hem men
representing tariff interests—all of them believing
in the doctrine of protect on—all of them un-
doubtedly disposed, so f-r ps they might be able, to
carry out lh« principle of protection. It was in
fact a comiaitlee cons itut<>d with the express view
and for the express purpose of bringing before Ihe
House ihe pnnciple of protection, and thereby
giving a preponderance to the manufacturing over
the producing in erest>. He imputed no improper
motive to the Speabe in such'an organization; but
it could not be ekubied lhat, from such a commit-
tee, a report was ensured which would not only re-
cognise the principle of protec ion, but would gom
¡avor of protecting every branch of manufactures
that came within their «cope, and gentlemen, in
cas 'tig their votes on *he present question, should
bear tin  stea fas ly in m nd
What was p tanff? It was but another word
for a tax Many ¡<"cn it was trt=e, were deledrd
by 'he mere term; but it was, as ihiy ?!1 kne\>, a
'ax As the tanff on particular articles was in-
creased, so was the Mx ?nd to Iba* extent the
burden of the people w increased. Yet gentle-
men woi Id not contend that lax s should not be
equal, they rou'd not s'and for a moment before
suth"a propos tun. And it was in vain for gen-
t'emen to nn'ertak* to show that in taxing
one cla^s they were not doing injury to another.
Mr E proceeded 'o comment on the injurious
results proceeding from ihe piotective system;
but denied emphatically that he, or those who
thought with him, were in favor of bringing down
manufactures. 0<s the contrary, he gloried n the
increase of our manufactures; and all that he asked
was, lhat equal justice «bould be done to all The
Democratic party throughout the Union, he con-
tended, were opposed to protection, while the Fede-
ral party were in favor of it The Democracy of
the North, with few exceptions were as comp'etel/
anti-tariff as the Dimocr?cy of the South; it was
one of the very lankmarks and principles of the
Democratic party
But we must have r vímie, that was certain.
The expenditure's of ihe i ea', we we e 'old, would
be utiwards of thirty-two millions of dollar , and
revenue must be had to meet these expenditures.
He had the honor to represent a State that was
partly raamifacturiiig', as weil as the gentleman
horn Massachusetts, ?nd claimed to know some-
thing in relai on to th^ manufacturing interest
What was the r ffpct on 'hat interest, of the protec-
tive sys ew"1 Raise the tariff and increase the
pnces and you enab'e ihe laig-r establishments to
br^ak do'tn ihe smaller one; Theestab!i~-hm,,niS
at Lowell could command a capital of millions,
and, under a high tariff, it would be the easiest
ilnng in the world for them to break down the
small esiabhshmen s, and aftei wards ra se the
pnces of Ihe r prod nets a' pleasure. The manufa -
turers on the 'ma'l streams understood all this well,
and theref re all the/ wanted was to be placed on
a footing of eqdaiW with other porti ns of the
community They know that a h gh tariff is di
rrc'ly opposed to th-ir interns, ¿>rd in fa
vor of the brfer estabbshment- Gentlemen
need r"t teU him lhat a high tariff ore-
ra ed m fit or ef h  wot king c'as es When,
in c< nseciue'Cj? ot a high tariff, did manufacturing'
estabhshmen s rar" tr,p wages of th ir operatives'
They pock^iei i'ie b> r ofi s of ihe lanff tl emsel/es,
and kept di w n ipp vpge-, tt iheir working men
The poor libo eis, for wnorn they expressed so
much syr> pvhy, wert no! c ly ' ept diwn by low
wage--, b11 'Hey were rVtt c'ly teld that t1 ev must
v'e as h i empo ets meet, or ihey mu^tbe
turned out of emp cement.
Thii ti'ii'ip e i protection operaied m" t mju-
r ru 1/ on the cout -j n anoth r wa). You can
nor m'reduce a b l1, per tnake an appro riaii n,
nor swell thf e^pce'itures of the Govern r'ent, but
you wnl fiid every i ¡riff man vet rig for it. They
do not, sa d Mr E. tell yoa th- tiae reason why
they do sj, but there io a ieacon oeh nd, that they
are unwilling to admit, and that is that as the ex-
penditures ol the Goverrment are increased, fur-
ther excu«es are given for raising the duties.
Did not gentlemen remember the vote on the
Distnbu'ion bill? Every tariff man in the House
voted for it, because they wantsd to drain the
T easury, in order to make another excuse for a
high tariff. Mr. E next went on to show that a
protective tsr if, so far from benefi trg commerce,
as alleged by the gentleman from Tennessee, had
the cori'raiy effect. He denied uat any portion of
the Democrauc patty were in favor of protection.
That par'y were for equal and exact justice to all.
They were opposed to building up any particular
interests, or benefiting one portion of the commu-
■ nity at the expense of another. He knew that the
Democr,iry of the Norm were as completely anti-
tanff ? , th" Democracy of the South. It was one
of ihe landmarks of Ihe Democratic par'y—one of
ltj mo->t cherished principle on which that party
stood, th?t the laws shculd operate equally on all,
without di.criramat Eg in favor of my one par-
t'cular clas«.
Rfi F d en wtnt on to reply to ¡he remarks of
Mr Aunold in rcla'nn to tlie urge expenditure
of tre yrti it Adra oration, and the assertion
m df b} tn i' ^cntlemf, that the Whig pirty were
íiot ¡e i on  b!e 'or t' em D.d not the two Houses
of Congress ineke the appropnatnns, and had not
the Whig pa-ty r majority m botM
Mr ARNOLD said that this was the first time
he had ever heard that the two Houses ot Congress
made up the Administration.
Mr. EASTMAN. Did the present Executive
refuse to sanction any of the appropriations of the
Whig paity since they have been in power? Did
he refuse lo sanction any of the measures of the
extia session, except the two fiscalitie^' Did not
the gentleman h m elf vote for them alt1 Thegen-
tleman said that this was not a Whig Administra-
tion, bei?use th° Whig majorities of the two
Ilnusea have no the Executive with ¡hem. Now, if
the gentleman hadsaid that it ought nut to be a Whig
Administration, or indeed a Whig Congress, he
would have come nearer to the mark. But, he
wcuid ask, did not the Whig par y sanction the
call of the exira session? Was not that session
called at ihe exp'es  instance of the great head of
that parly [Mr Clay'] He granted that if the
recent ehetions were taken as the test by which
th s fiongie«s should be governed, this should not
be a Whig Administration. Mr. E. then went on
to review the recent tlecti ns m. the several States
m wntch they had been he'd, and showed that if
the representatives of those S ates allowed them-
selves to be 'pflaenred by the indications of popu-
lar «-enliment in the States they represented, they
w u'd go wi h the Democratic party. He would
no , le sa'd, have alluded to these triumphs of the
Democratic party, had it not been for the taunts
they had received from tne Whigs at the extra
sessic n The Democratic party had been insult-
ingly to'd that nineteen Slates fud decided against
them, ?nd tnat they must submit without a mur-
mur Th y had been told by the preat head rf the
Wh g partj m the other end of he Capitol, ¡¡sat
toe peop'e hai prorounced sentence against them,
and that ihey were luce the curmia.1 in the cart,
Wi h ihe ope round his .neck, with the execulicner
wait ng io do lis olre Wi;t a coramentaiy <n
the e br?vadoes was given b/ the people at the re-
I cent eleeuf n«'
Mr E v tus po nt of hr remtr'rs, and without
c ncludirg, g-tre waj o a ver^ prevailing desire
io srj urn
Ard a motion to that effect hav ng been put
and agrei d 'o,
Tae Hcuse adjourned.
IN SENATE
Wlune day, D c mler 23, 1841.
The PREofDSNT pro tern pruned the peti-
lon of Reji old Coat s asking indemnification on
aecoun' of exploring exp da on leferred to the
Ccminitee <n  Churs
Mr STURGEON presenled a pen ion of sundry
cihzens of Pennsylvania, praj-iig Congress to
make a* appropnatien to continue and repair the
works for the improvement of  that  harbor(jK
