CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                               63
Presque Isle; which, sines, the appropriation was
withheld, are going into rapid dilapidation: refer-
red to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented several petitionss,
from many merchants, manufacturers, mechanics,
and others of the city of Philadelphia, asking for
an alteration in the Bankrupt law, or its repeal.
They were laid on the table, the bill on that sub-
ject being before the Senate.
Mr. B. observed that the private letters which
he had received with regard to the subject, spoke
a very strong language as to the ill effects which
were anticipated from this measure of the extra
session.
Mr. MOKEHEAD presented the petition of
merchants of the city of Louisville, praying for a
repeal of the Bankrupt law. He stated that the
petition came from a class of men whose opinions
were entitled to the highest respect. This petition
was understood to have been referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana presented the petition of
Nancy Mountz, praying a pen-.ion; referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WOODBURY presented the petition of
Mary Chase, praying for a pension; refeired to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported back to the Senate, without
amendment, the bill for the relief of Guorge de
Passau, with a recommendation that it pass.
AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. CLAY, on leave, introduced the three joint
resolutions, proposing to amend the Consti-
tution, by the concurrence of the States, in three
particulars: 1st. To restrict the veto power. 9!.
To t?ke from the Executive the power to appoint
the Secretary of the Treasury and the Treasurer,
and vest it exclusively in the two houses of Con-
gress. 3d. To prevent the appointment of mem-
bers of Congress to civil office, from and during
the time for which they are elected.
Mr. CLAY explained that his object was merely
to have the resolutions read the first and second
time then, and have them printed. He said that
his motive of action was the curtailment of Exe-
cutive power; that the party to which he belonged
came into power pledged to carry out that princi-
ple; and whether they were prepared to carry it
out or not, so far as he was individually concerned
he intended to redeem that pledge as far as practi-
cable.
The resolutions were then introduced, and had
their first and second readme, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States vf America in Congress assembled, (two-
thirds of beth Houses concurring,) That the following article
be proposed to the Legislatures of the several States as an
amendment to the Constitution of the United States, which,
when ratified by three-fourths of the said Legislatures, shall be
valid as part of the Constitution:
No Senator or Representative shall, during the term or frac-
tion of a term ioi which he was elected, be appointed to any
civil office under the authority of the United rftates.
Resolved by the Senate and House af Representative* of
the United Slates of Am ei tea in Coivii e±s assem''/' ^(two-
thirds of both Hniistia concurring,) That when a hill whiell
shall have passed the Senate and House of Ke¡,tesentaucew of
the United states sh<ill be lcuniitd by the fu^idenl, with his
ob|ectlous to his dppiobauoii and signature, if, upon its recon-
sideration, it shall again pass each House by a ma¡orhy of sli
the members belonging to such House, noiwidisianda.g the
President's objections, it shad become a law, and the rt>juisi
tionbythe existing Constitution ol two thirds of each House
again to piss the bill m such case is hereby annulled.
It any bill shall be presented to the President wlthm a peí lod
less than ten days (Sundays included) from ibe torminatiunof
the session of Congress duung which it shall have passed, and
shall not he lilumedby him at that session, it shall he his duty
to return it within the three first days of the succeeding session
If he should not so return it, the bill shall become a law; and
if he return it with his objections to his approbation and Signa-
ture within the time herein leqtured, ihe two Houses of Con-
gress shall proceed to consldei it, m like manner as ¡f it had
been returned during the session af which it had passed. And
if, upon such reconsideration, it shall again pass each House by
a majority ol all the members belonging to such House, not-
withstanding the President's objections,it shall become a law.
Resnlved'by thr Senate and Home of Representatives of
the United States of America, in Congress assembled, (two
thuds ol both Housts concur]mg.) ThaMhericciet.ny, or nihcn
head, by whatever denomination he mav be called, of the Tien-
sttry of the United States, and the Treasurer of the United
States, shall be, respectively, annually appointed by ajoint vou
of the ¡Senate and House ol Repiesentatives, by ballot or vivo
voce, as the two Houses may severally resolve. When ap
pointed, either of them may be removed by a concurrent vote
of the two Houses, sepaiately gt'evjiut neither ol them shall
be removable by the President of the United Slates. Congiess
may provide by law for the case of a vacancy nccumng in
either of these offices between tha periods of the annual ap-
ponicmerccs.
Mr. C. said the resolutions were simple proposi-
tions, which he did not believe required commit-
ment; and unless some Senator wished them com-
mitted, he would move that they be made the order
of ihe day for the 12th of Jsruary, and be printed
for the use of the Senate; which motions were
agreed to.
Mr. PRESTON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back to the Senate without
amendment, the bill to provide for the payment of
the claims of Georgia, for moneys advanced on ac-
count of expenses incurred in calling out militia in
cases of emergency, for suppressing Indian hostili-
ties in Florida and Alabama, and to protect the
citizens of Georgia from certain aggressions and ra-
vages of the Creek and Seminole Indians-
Mr. HENDERSON, agreeably to notice, on
leave, introduced a. bill supplementary to an act
entitled "An act for the appointment of commis-
sioners to adjust the claims to territories of land
under the 14th article of the treaty of 1830 with the
Choctaw Indians: referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs,
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of John H.
Hall; which was read.
On the motion of Mr. SMITH of Indiana, it was
jR/soioed, That the Committee on Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of paying
Samuel Milroy, a receiver at Provinceville, Indi-
ana, money withheld from him by the Treasury
Department.
The following engrossed bills were taken up,
read the third time, and parsed, viz:
The bill for the relief of David Waller; and
The bi 1 to estab'ish an additional land district in
ihe State of Alabama.
The adverse report of the Committee on C'aims
on the petition of John S. Harris, for an increas?
of compensation in taking the sixth census, was ta-
ken up, read, and concurred in.          /
PROPOSED BOARD OF EXCHEQUER.
Mr. PRESTON, agreeably witbprevious notice
given last week, asken the attention of the Senate
to the report of the Secretary ^f the Treasury, giv-
ing in detail the plamfor the^establisbment of cur-
rency throughout the United States. Mr. P. said
he called the attention of/the Senate to the subject,
not with any expecí|j*ón of moving further in it.
A distinguished member of the Senate would move
its reference to a select committee, where it would
receive that examination due to ¡he importance of
th; subject.
Mr. P. expressed his earnest hope that some-
thing might be done which might relievo the exist-
ing distress of the country, and meet with general
acceptance by the people. He trusted that the dif-
ference of views which had heretofore prevailed
might be found susceptible of compromise, snd
would yield to a sense of the pressure of ihe public
necessities. In this plan the Estec.ntive bad sub-
mitted to Congress a plan of finance which de-
manded its tcii"us constitution. Wi h mt, at
th'S time expic-sing any cpir.mr. on the men's of
iba', m. ?n-re, ho ceitai'ily oei.ied thru this, or
something liRe it, or son-.ethia¡r in the piace of it,
m gbt be i.fveed upon during the present session,
which should correct the diiordeis of the currency,
tend to re-estabh.'n the faitea «edit of the cun'.iy,
and ^ive repos  to the public m;rid, now so gteatly
and so injuriously aaitated. Mr. P. approached
tha consideration of the Executive proposition in
this spirit, and ardently hoptd that the united wis-
d'-m of the co-ordinate branches of the Govern-
ment might be guided to resui's generally «-atisfac-
tory. He did not, as yet, permit himself to de-
spair cf such a consummation. .
This was not the proper time for enterins upon
any investigation of the financial system proposed
in the Secieurj's report; but he might be permitted
to sav of it that it was efficient; that it was strong;
that it was novel in many of Us features; and that it
proposed to re-arrange the en'ire Treasury Depart-
ment, in a way which must neees'anly lead to ihe
roost important aod enduring consequences, and in
regard to which Congress had no precedents tu
guide its aciion or deliberations. T3 him it ap-
peared to be a composite edific , constructed from
I various materials, and to contain selections from
diffetent projects heretofore presented, and to amal-
gamate them with other features entirely original.
In acting upon it the highest exercise of prudence
and caution was imperiously demanded: it must
receive the coolest and most deliberate considera-
tion, and this he felt very sure it would receive. Mr.
P. however, must confess that there were cer-
tain portions of the plan which staggered him a
good deal: and yet he could scarce see how any
thing better could be substituted for them. The
subject was one of great magnitude. His own
course as an individual must be of very little conse-
quence; but he might be permitted ts say, that if
left to his own choice, he should ac> on the general
principle that in matters of finance Government
should confine itself, as far as practicable, to the
existing establishments and institutions of the
country: he did not think that by the Constitution
the' general subject of the currency had been so
absolutely confided to the discretion of Congress
that it was empowered to create establishments
wholly new, but that it should rather give direction
to those already in being, so as incidentally to aid the
currency and promote the general welfare. He
was anxious on the subject of the State institutions
which had been created by powers superior to the
General Government; and he thought that, as a
subordinate and limited Government, deriving its
powers from'the States, Cong/eis should not disre-
gard the exercise of their power in the erection of
these independent institutions, but should rather
aim at so guiding and directing their operation as
to promote the general prosperity of the whole
Confederacy. He still adhered to the opinions he
had otien heretofore expressed in favor of the em-
ployment of ihe State banks, and of adapting the
Federal institutions to them. He did not, how-
ever, conceive that the present state of the country
and of public opinion authorized him to insist
upon his own individual notions and preference;
but that he, with all others, were called to act in a
liberal, enlarged, catholic spirit of compromise; to
go for the country and for the country alone; to re-
ject all narrow feelings and party liaisons, and mike
a sacrifice of the whole upon the ahai of our
common country.
He concluded with moving that the report of the
Secretary of theTieasury on the subject of an Ex-
chequer Board, &s. be now taken up for cn;idera-
lion.
Mr. TALLMADGE rose, under manifest in-
disposition, and spoke in a voice so hoars? as with
difficulty to be understood. He wa.s believed to
express his hope that something would be dose on
th-.% general subjeei of the currency, and that the
report might bs so modified by a committee a& to
render ni genírally acceptable. lis trusted that,
in m;k,ng amotion for the disposition of the re-
port, he should not be su.-pexted by gentlemen on
either side oí ¡he House oí putting hirnteif in ad-
vance cf other gentlemen far mtic able. He hoped
thai tiu c;dine he haJ ever pursued since be had
ci j >yc! the fcto.iur of r. i-etit in that Chamber
W'.uld -.Vi'cld \\-\a {;■ m a;.y suspicions of this cha-
írete r. He v. ot'id row, then, atuve th.it the repoit
be retened to a select c mmittci, of nine Senators,
to be ar pointed by the Chair.
la m-.'.iiiig luis motion, Le did not feel it incum-
bent upon him to effer any remarks upon the
i-jetils cf tsep'an submitted m the report; tfej state
of hit health admonished him to forbear; nor was
It cilled lor on a mere motion to refer. As the
subject was no* now ! efore the Senate for its defi-
nite action, he should reserve what he had to say
until the committee, should one be appointed,
¡should have brouah  in i>s report.
Mr. BUCHANAN spoke in opposition 10 the
fiscal project.   [For his remarks, see Appendix.]
Mr. CALHOUN said that his object in rising
wai neither to oppose the reference nor to di-cuss
the merits of the subject proposed to be referred,
but simply'o avail himself of the opportunity of
expressing hts opinion, briefly, but explicitly, in re-
l-iion to i>. He regarded such exptession as due
both to himself and those whom be represented.
He had read the report with care and attention,
and with no unfriendly feelinss wha'ever, and he
believed it well merited the compliments bestowed
on it by the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bu-
