*«
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union.
On motion of Mr. POPE, the Postmaster Gene-
rat was requested to furnish the House with a state-
ment of the amount paid for the uss of railroads  '
and other public roads in transporting the public   '
mails to the different parts and places in the United   '
Siates, as directed by law
Mr. MORRIS, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made a report upon the letter of John
Flood, accompanied by a bill for his relief, which
bill was read the first and second time, and com-
mitted to a Committee of the Whole Houss to-
morrow.
Mr. STRATTON, from the Committee on In
valid Pensions, made a report upon the petition of
Peter Sky, an Onondaga Indian, accompanied by
a bill for his lelief, which wa  read the first and
second time, and committed to a Committee of the
Whole House to morrow.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, from the Committee on
Revolutionary P nsions, reported bills for the relief
of Tflompson Hutchinson, for the relief of John
England, for the relief of James Dealty, for the
relief of Elizabeth Jones and others accompanied
by reports in each case which bills were severally
read the first and second time, and committed to a
Commiltee of the Whole House to-morrow.
Mr AYCRIGG, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, made a report from the pennon of
Burnett Burdsall, accompanied by a bill for his re-
lief; which bill was lead the first and second time,
and committed to a Committee of the Whole
House to-morrow
Mr PENDLETON, in pursuance of notice
heretofore gi/en, asked Ipave to introduce a bill
"To amend the act of the 10th day of March, 1838,
entitled "An act to chaBge the time of holding the
circuit and district courts of the United Stales in
the seventh circuit "
The SPEAKER said it was not in order
now to lmroduee bills not coming from commit-
tees
Mr. BARNARD inquired of the Speaker whe-
ther the bill could not be received by general con-
sentí He (Mr B ) hoped no objection would be
made, but that the bill would be received and re-
ferred to the Committee on Judiciary
No objecuon being made, the bill was received,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary
On leave given, Mr WARD, of New York,
presented certim pe ltions, which were appropri-
ately referred
BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr HOPKINS asked leave to introduce a bill,
of which he had, he said, heretofore given notice,
to wit, a bill to repeal the law of ihe last session
providing for the establishment of a Uniform Sjs-
tem of Bankruptcy.
The SPEAKER said Ihe motion was not now in
ordsr; and the bill could on'y be introduced at this
time by general consent
Mr. JOHN C CLARK    What is the bill'
The purport thereof (as it was understood to be)
having been explained to him by members near
him—
Mr. CLARK r< se and objected
So the bill was not introduced
THE PUBLIC TREASURY.
Mr.   FILLMORE   rose   and   inquired of the
Speaker whether the ommittees had been called
through?
The SPEAKER lephed in the affirmative
Mr FILLM >RE Then, Mr. Speaker, I am
instructed by the Commi tee of Ways and Means
to ask the unanimous consent of the Hou^e to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of (lie
Union ici the purpos" of taking up the bill amen-
datory of the Loan bill
In relation to the necessity or this step, I beg
leave to slate that I have information from the
Secretary of the Treasury, communicated this
morning, that there is at the present moment, a
deficiency in the Treasury to the amount (Mr
F was understood to say) of two hundred and
*ixty thousand dollars That sum must be imme-
diately provided, or our Government must be dis-
graced
It is under this strong pressure of necessity that I
appeal to the House to grant permission now to take
up and consider the bill
Mr THOMPSON of Miss ssippi objected
Mr EASTMAN also rose and objected, and
claimed hi  right to the floor on the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday
THE BOARD OF EXCHEQUER.
Mr. STANLY inquired of the Speaker whether
select committees had been calieáfor report1-'?
The SPEAKER.   Yes
Mr STANLY desired, he said, to inquire of the
chairman of the Select Committee on the Currency
when a report from that committee might be ex-
pected. The nation felt a deep interest in the mat-
ter, and so did the House.
Mr CUSHING.    I cannot hear the gentleman
Mr. STANLY. I inquire how long it will be
before the Select Committee on the Currency will
be enabled to give us a report? I say it is a matter
of deep interest to the nation and to this House
Mr CUSHING I cannot give the gentleman
a definite answer, but the House would facilitate
the action of the committee by the reference of
the President's Message, which has not yet been
done     [Laughter.]
Mr STANLY said that the committee had the
" plan " referred to them, and on that a report
was expected
Here the conversation ended.     \
REFERENCE OF THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE
The Hou«e resumed the consideration of thg un-
finished business of yesterday, beingj the following
branch of the resolution heretofore tsflered by Mr.
Fillmore                                          \         j
Resolved, That so much thereof asVelates to the
tanff be referred to the Committee oh Manufac-
tures.                                                         '
Which resolution Mr. Atherton had;heretofore
moved to amend by striking out the wofkjfc "Com-
mittee on Manufactures," and msertingWhe Words
"Committee of Ways, and Means "
Which amendment Mr. Rhett had heretofore
moved to amend by adding thereto the following
words
"With instructions that, should it be m their
opinion expedient to lay additional duties, they
shall be *o laid as not to di&cnminate in favor
of any particular clas  cf industry in the United
States "
And the pending question being on the amend-
ment to the amendment—
Mr EASTMAN, in continuation from yester-
day, observed, that when the House adjourned yes-
teiday, he was proceeding to show what this Ad-
ministration ought to be, if the pubbc «entiment, as
indicated in the recent elections, was consulted. It
had been averted by the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mi Arnold ] that this was not a Whig Ad-
m mstration, and he was demonstrating that it
ought not to be so, instancing the recent elections
as pro^i of the coirestness of the assertion. He
should now go on with the list of States in which
there had been a revolution in the public mind It
would be borne m mind, that he yesterday adverted
to the charges in New York and Maine.
Mr GARRETT DAVIS called the gentleman to
order, and desired that he migh' confine his re-
marks to the question before the House
[Several voic s were heard crying out, "It is too
late, now' ]
Mr. SPEAKER observed, that so much latitude
hid b°en pllowed to other gentlemen in the coarse
of the debate, dial it would not be ugh', ai lot 
stage of t, to enforce the rulti on the gentleman
fiom New Hnmp hire
Mr EASTMAN would assure the gentleman
from Kentucky that he would not touch his State
As the Speaker had decided in his favor, he would
proceed with his remark?, and go baok to the State
of MassaclwtU Even that State had shown in-
dication  ot a change, and if it was truly repre-
sented on that floor, one gentleman at least of its
representation would not be here Vermont, also,
if truly represented, woald have a Democratic Re
preservative here m place of one of the opposue
party Then, there w,*s the State of Pennsylvania,
of whose representation two, if not three, should be
changed. Maryland, too, needed a change, and he
I would here remark, that there was one gentleman
from that State, as he had heard, who represented a
district in wbich there was a majority of 1300
against him, if the last election was to be taken as
a test. Mr E then referred to Ohio and Tennes-
see, when he was interrupted by
Mr C H WILLIAMS, who desired him to
name the district in wh ch there had been a change
against the representative
Mr EASTMAN said he understood that the
district represented by Mr Campbell had given a
large majority against him. He did not, he said,
pretend that his information was infallible, and he
would willingly correct any erroneous statement
he might make, if pointed out to him All he de-
sired was the truth, and with this view would give
such statements only as he believed, from the infor-
mation he had received, were correct Mr. E then
referred to the Stale of New Jersey, which ought to
have six Democratic, instead of six Whig mem-
bers on that floor, if the State was truly repie-
sented.
Mr AYCRIGG here made an explanation,
which the Reporter cou'd not hear.
Mr E understood the gentleman He under-
stood that the six representatives of New Jersey
were ele-tedby general ticket, and not by districts,
and as the majority of the popu ar vote was with
the Democratic party at ihe recent elections for
members of the State Legislature, the State ought
rightfully to hate six Democratic representatives
here. To sum up, then, he could say that of the
Whig representaron on that floor, there were forty
gentlemen who stood therewith majorities against
them, and taking that forty 'from the Whig party,
and giving it to the Democratic party, the la ter
would then have a majority of thirty votes He
granted, therefore, that if this was not a Whig Ad-
ministration, it ou^ht not to be so Mr. E then
went on to take a view of the Sena e, to show that
the Democratic party ought to have a majority in
that body for similar reasons.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. C. H.
Williami] had told them that it was not the ex-
tra session that brought about the revolution that
they had seen in the States where elections had
been held, and he was willing to admit that it was
not the only cause, though he was sati«fied that it
had a very important effect on the public mind.
Before the Whig party had enjoyed their power
for one short montn, they called the extra session,
without assigning any definite reasons for so do-
ing. This aroused the ¡suspicions of the people,
for among the charges made against the last Ad-
ministration, extravagance of expenditure was the
one that had the greatest effect, and the people thus
saw the Whig party, in calling this extra session
without showing any good cause for it, committing
the very «in of extravagance that they had with so
much effect charged upon their political oppo-
nents The people knew that different issues had
been made ¡n different sections of the country to
suit the particular intere ts on which it was desired
to operate f he question of Bank or no Bank
was, therefore, made the issue in one portion of
the Union, the Tariff was made the issue in ano-
ther, Abolition in a third, but the charge of ex-
travagance was made the issue in them all. The
people were aware of all ihis, ard when this extra
session was called, they began to look around
them, and ask why was thi3 unreccssary expense
incurred by those who made such loud professions
of economy' The peop e had been promised eco-
nomy, and yet at this estra session appropriation
were made to the amount of five millions of dol-
lars, which were disapproved of by the people
Mr C H WILLIAMS asi ed Mr E to name
one of the appropriations that has been disap-
proved of
M' EASTMAN said he would name one to
the gentleman He did not know how it was with
the peop'e of Tennessee, but he could tell the gen-
tleman that the appropriation of $25 000 as a gra-
tuity to Mrs Harrison was universally condemned
by the people of his State. Tiien, said Mr E
there was your Distribution bill to divide a portion
of the national treasure among th" States The
people had been told prior to the elections, that
their taxes should not be increased, and yet in the
