CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;

face of this promise, the Distribution bill was
passed to create the necessity for increased taxa-
tion. And, more: at this very extra session, the
taxes were increased, and particularly o-i the im-
portant necessaries of lite—tea and coffee. The
people took this matter in hand, and, if l*e was
correctly informed, ihis tax on tea and coffee had
a sensible effect on the results ot the recent (lec-
tions; indeed, he had been told that one gentleman
late a member of this House, and a candidate for
the gubernatorial chair in his own State, ios his
election on account oí the vole he gave m la}ing
that odious tax.
Mr. MERIWETHER denied that the defeat of
Colonel Dawson was caused by h s voting for the
tea and coffee tax; and mada an explanation
of the causes of his defeat, which was not
heard at the Reporters' desk.
Mr. EASTMAN continued. Then there was
the Bankrupt bill, which had met wuh equal
condemnation. Let me, said he, tell gentle-
men that the great body of voters do not look upon -
that bill as the poor man's bill. They look upon
it as the rich rogue's bill; not for the benefit of the
poor unfortunate debtor, but for the benefit of
splendid bankrupts who ride in their coaches, fre
quent watering places, and run up heavy bills at
the public houses. The Loan bill, too, was equally
disapproved of, and the people believed that its
tendsscy was to consolidation, t3 a national debt
which the Whigs believed to be a nations 1 biessiog.
Mr E was commeniing rn the gag-ruie and other
odious measures of the extra session, v; hen
Mr. GARRET DAVIS again called him to
order for irrelevancy in debate. He \,ished the
gentleman to be confined to We naked question be-
fore the House, and a strict enforcement of the
rules. If the Speaker decided against lum he .vould
appeal to the House.
The SPEAKER said that it would net be fair to
confine the gentleman from New Harnp bjre to 'ha
naked question before the House, after so mucü
latitude of discussion- had been allowed to other
gentlemen who had preceded hm.
Mr. GARRET DAVIS then appea'eu from the
decision of the Speaker, and the yeas and nays
having been called for and ordered, Mr. D. at
the suggestion oi some his friends, withdrew the
appeal.
Mr. EASTMAN was aware that he had been
indulging in a great latitude of debate, and he
would not have dene so had he not deemed it
necessary to reply to some gentlemen who had
set bim the example. He would go with the
honorable gentleman from Kentucky in confining
the debates hereafter strictly to the questions in
order, but the rule must be enforced at the com-
mencement, and not partially applied to one mem-
ber after others had been allowed to take the widest
range of debate.
But it was not only the measures of the the ex-
tra session that had contributed to the late defeats
of the Whig party, bat the broken promises that
were made befoie the elections. You promised,
said Mr. E to the farmer that he should get higher
prices for his produce; to the mechanic was pro-
mised bitter times and a more profitable busmes ;
the merchant was piomised a brink trade and ír-
creased facilities for his business: and to the ma-
nufacturer was promised a high tariff To all
elasses promises were made of better litres an i
abundance of money. Why, there was to be a
perfect commercial mille ,ium, lffthe Whig part/
wa* to be believed. How had these promisee been
kepi? A-k the farmer what he was now setting
for his pork, his corn, ?nd his beef Dunns the
administration of Mr. Van Buren, the farmer was
getting ten and twelve cents per pound for his pork,
and now he can get but four. He was then getting
seven and eight cents per pound for his beef, and
now he can get no more than thr-e.Tne same
reduction could be traced in all other branches of
business. Then there were the pool laborers, for
whom so much sympathy was professed, lnet
were promised 50 per cent, increase ot wage?; and
this promise, like the rest, had been broken. Ano-
ther of the Whig promises was, that there should
bean abu dance of money; but the very first thing
we heard at the extra session was the passage 01 a
law authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
go mto the market and borrow twelve millions of
dollars. The Secretary had gone into the matket,
and had dried up all the sources from which the
trading community used to pet their supplies, so
that men who used to get money readily at fix per
cut, could not now get it at twelve, if he was
C8rreclly informed, the cecretpry had taken out of
the city of Bostrn alone, four millions of dollars.
The people of New Hampshire understood all
this very well, and knew ihat the scarcity in the
money market was in a considerable degree o^ing
io the mea-.ures of the present Administration.
There was not only distress m the trading commu-
nity, but they had just been informed by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means that
Uncle Sam himself was brote; that ihere was a
deficiency m the Treasury of §260,000, which
mu^t be immediately supplied, or ihe Government
would be diss raced. Indeed, the pockets of many
of the members attested ihe truth of the statement
made by the chairman of tne Committee of Ways
and Means; for it was about a week since any of
them had received a dollar. Gentlemen need net
flatter themselves that it was apathy that caused
their late defeats. The p°ople understood too well
the arts by which they bad been deluded, and when
the covering was taken off the Whig party, and it
stood exposed in all its hideous deformity—-th 
few Democrats who had been deluded and seduced
into aclm  with them, broke off and went back to
ihcir natural friemls and allies. He would give
t) gpnilemen another cau«e which con'ributed to
their la'e defea's. The>r great electioneer ng fund
had been dried up—-xhaus'ed. The Bank was
broke, and could no longer answer drafts to pay
Pipe Layers and for the voi's of men m buckram,
by means of wlvch the triumph of the Whig p?r'y
at ihePre^iden'ial fl-rtion was swel'ed out. No,
it was not apathy t-a can ed the recent revolution;
and he wuld tell gentlemen if tbe-p were any ho-
nest Whigs who sta'd at home f.om he polls
they belonged to the John Tyler party, and would
never go with the Whigs again.
Mr. E in conclusion, made an eloquent reply to
the attack made by Mr. Arnold on the State of
New Hampshire, ably vmd cafng his Sia'e, and
showing that in the various pursuits of indus'ry,
in education, and in moral and intelectual worth,
she stood iecond to no Sia'e in the Union. If New
Hampshire, he ssid, traded in polines, the
trade had been a judicious and mest honorable
ene; for it was owing to her political opinions that
she iras prosperous, free from debt, and unembar-
rassed, while other States of the Union were bewed
down under a load of debt and taxation.
Mr. MERIWETHER said it had been the ear-
nest desire of the Whigs on this floor, allowing all
ihe latitude of a proper debate on this question, to
have confined the discussion strictly to the resolu-
tion before them.    But this course was not to be
pursued.     The Democracy of thi? House, who
constituted par excellmce the  exe'vsive  friends of
the dear peop'e of this country, had determined to
pive the de'oau- another direction: they  had g. n 
into the wide ranep of pol'tbJ  tpecu'ation, and
every «s'lbjec* connected with the country had been
dragced into this debate, tor the  purpose of mak-
ing pol.fieal capital     In the mean time, and for
neany four weeks of tse ses^  r.  the country had
been the sufferer.   The business ot the committees
had been suspended bt  'his wicked course cf the
Democ-acy.    This oe-as>on had been taken of
making volent attacks on the Whig partv of this
Hou-e, m which some gentlemen had lorgotten
what was due to   their   political antagonists as
members of this Hous .   Shaft* of slander, d eo-
d>ed in the poisoned chalice of mortified r.mbition.
had been hurled with all  the violence of which
their possessors were capable, but ihey had fallen
short of their aim, and lay at their feet pros-rate
and broken.
The gentleman from New Hwnpsh re [Mr.
Fastman] had been pleased to give some severe
blows against the Wirg party; and he (Mr M.)
could only regret that the honorable gentleman
had shown himself so vulnerable in some points, m
which he had undertaken to give the history of poli-
tics of this country, and that he did not, before he
charged so long a catalogue of crimes on the Whig
party, go back, and he would have found that
all those, and more, had been practised by
his own party. The gentleman had alluded with a
sort of triumph to the election in Georgia, which
he had been pleased to refer to a particular cause. *
If the gentleman had any blush of shame he would
exercise it for his own friends in that State. It was
a notorious fact in the history of politics in Geor-
gia, that during the recent canvas* the Democratic
party made great promises of the relief they would
afford if they g it into power, and, among others,
that they would borrow three millions of dollars
to loan out to the people; and estimating from tha',
each one, when he voted for the Democratic party,
would get over f 36 ' It was a fact not to be dis-
guised, that this whole debate had been turned to
polit cal purposes. The next Presidential election
was ihe matter, and to gain that, another profes-
sion of devotion to the interests of the South the
Democracy were now making, for the purpose of
gaining that supp >rt in carrying out their own ob-
jects!. Already had it commenced. Devotion to
the interests of the South was professed, and they
were told that the Democrats of ibe North, whose
interest it was to support their manufactures, had
laid down all their own interest', and came to the
South. It was like the cry that he had" heard at
the extra session by a Northern gentleman, who
had welcomed the South to his arms with profes-
sions of devotion to their interests and still bad
voted for the repeal of the 21st rule; or, like simi-
lar professions made by another Northern gentle-
man, who bid been ihe second to offer petitions
lor the abo'i íen of slavery m the States. This
was a fair«pec men of the del otion of the modern
Democracy to ¡he in'eres's of the South. He dis-
tru> ted the S'Dceiny ot ¡he course Ihey were pur-
suing now, because they had ever been opposed to
the principles they no.v advocated. The gentle-
man from AUbama [Mr. Payne] had yesterday
spoken furiously ab;ut resis-aice; if he was not
mistaken, the honorable gentleman had stood side
by side with General Jackson m the policy he
pursued.
Mr. PAYNE requested the floor for explanation;
which beiús granted, he said that he had beemn
favor of General Jacksen, and voted for him; he
sustained him in all his measures except the "force
bill" and his proclamation. These never met his
approbation; they were at war wnh his principles
oí State Rights. Bat yet he was not a reviler of
Jackson, nor did he belong to the nullifying party
of that day-
Mr. MERIWETHER.   Then it seems the gen-
tleman supported Jacitson in every thing else; and,
if so, he could  not see any gjod reason why he
slould not support him in all his measures, for
there were others which  were enough to damn
him in the estimation of any Siuthem man.   He
wanted gentlemen to understand that, as Southern
men, he and r.i>cot.st.tuents d d not oppose t'msduty
of discrimination because it would affect their inte-
rests; they did not plant themselves on the mere
pecuniary question; bat they took hither ground—
th«y Moon on tne Constitution of the country, and
it would not avail foi  gentlemen to endeavor to
wta ihera over, by telling  them that they would be
friends, and go with ¡hem in discriminating against
ihe manufacturing i1 t rests of ihis country.   As a
Southern man, he repudiated tie idea of disenmi-
r.aurg agamst any inteie-i of the country, because
it wis in violation of tie Constitu'ioa itself.   It
wa. an insult to  Sou'hera  honor  to be  invited
lo ra'ly wuh those who profetsed friendship toward
them  for  such  a  purpose.     He  opposed   any
attempt to di-crimnwew this matter, because it was
unconstitutional to discriminate either for or against
manufactures; and it was al-ke  unconstitutional
io discriminate with reference to any other depart-
ment of the labor of tins country.    He laid down
this  proposition  to  be true_tbut  Cor gress does
possess the po*er to lay dures for revenue.    For
the purpose of effecting or perfecfng the object of
revenue itself, it was necss.ry to discriminate;
and if discrimination, made ui view of revenue
alone   produced benefit to the manufacturer, the
agriculturist, or those engaged in commerce, he
