*4
covtld receive it; it was constitutional.    Beyond
this it was not possible for Congress to go.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hud-
son] had sai 1 yesterday that, so far from this being
a contest between Northern capital and Southern
capital, it was between Southern capital and North-
ern labor. He had shown a great deal of tact m
his reasoning; but ¡ e, Mr. M. thought the House
would agree wi'h htm that, m the case the gentle-
man had supposed, he wai mistaken m the pre-
mises laid down, and, conseqnently, his conclusion
was erroneous He had instanced the character of
the domestic manufactures oí Massac'uasetts for
the purpose of showing that a great many of them
were the result of larbor, and these he had con-
trasted wuh the capi'aSemployed in the produc'ton
of cotton.
Mr. Hudson explained that his position was,
that in the large manufacturing establishments, of
cotton and wool, the cppital was perhaps about
equal to the worth ct the annual product , but in
the other departments of maaufactures., ihe pro-
ducts were almost entirely those of .a'oor, and it
was the aggregate of these that he had compared
with the Southern capital
Mr. Meriwether said hp had not misun-
derstood the gcn'leman from Massachuietts. There
was >n the Sou then S a es a large quanu'y of cot-
ton produced by i> xhing but ¡abjr. The poor man
who possessed only one rope went to la  neighbor
and rented ¡and; be produced the cotton from the
rented land, and hi  horse was his only capital. A
large portion of the producéis of the South was of
that class of individual*. Considering this, then,
the gentleman's argument fell, because his pre-
mises were not coriect. But in the case where the
slaves and land were owned by the producer of the
cotton, the capital did not compare with th" cpi'al
employed in manufacture- One aere oí land at
the Nonh was wor h four or live times as muc'i as
at the South. The pendemaft had mistaken the
facts, and hi coecIbmois ture crrciccus.
The gentleman had reviled the idea thit the
doctrine of domestic protection was an exploded
doctrine. It never had a being till 1816; it was con-
summated in 1828, in 1830 it as>u.red a different
shape; and the roiapromi<e  c of 1833 exploded
the bubble, and threw the Government back to its
original po mon He thoi'ght the gtntl man was
mistaken as to ti e precedent  th,.t he considered ex-
isting in favor of the pn tection ot dome '¡c m nu-
factures, so far Irom being precedents in its tavor,
they we e directly opposed to it. G nteoieti had
said that Congress pos«essed tne power ol laying
duties for protec ion from two clauses ot the Con-
s uution. One was the c'aase giving them the
power 'o lay and collect dunes for ihe "guicrtl
welfare," and the second, that with te-p'ct to
regulanng commeice. Under ihe first clauVeit was
assumed that to pio e<t nidnufaetuies w? tor the
"general welfa e," an I there'or" Corgrfss ha* the
power of prottction. What was ihe ' ge íeial wel-
fare?" The gentleman wou'd a rce that it ,ond
be mod unconstitutional to p ,<o a law fur the elec-
tion of lunatic a^jlums  nd to"-pu!¡> under t>e
"general weiirre" povv r Sat would n<u this pro
mote thegeneial we'fa re &•* >ui«li a- a b.ll kr ihe
protection o d >mest<c msnui-c uies? It would.
They had no powei of livin^ dnuts tor protection,
unless they we it to t'e Con«nt„ion fi r ir, ?nd
fiere they found ihe 1t j clo it |>ere al we!l-if> ro
Oiher than the «PvcVern ei unca'ej po cs ot the
Constitution, art! rot one of Ihe e looked to pro-
tection.
But the power wis unr/ 1 m d r the clfi^ of the
Constuution for 'V purpose cf u quitting com-
merce, ^uipc-e the Government had o'ej foira-
ed for no o'h'i purpose dian to regj'a e com-
merce, and ihat nie S a' s «r-culd cone c u\ 'a« to
the Gene «¡G ri ■>   t "th s po'verof rtgu'aung
commerce ji, >) ti *■<> t 'or ¡33 t Oi-c jo i oi
manaiact^r   , ■' f "ot ¡ic  u en           ,  fnQ
callonjiti, re F^'ci-1 Gives, "c t, 'j piv*ie'
our domes c ma ui ct r^ " Sup^e l e Go-
vernmetit dU ibi-> by esclu litis al íoiponajoi s,
would not the ve y obpst of Government be de-
feated' Most assuredit. When th" convention as-
sembled for the purpose oí framing the Constitu-
tion, the power for protecting domestic manufac
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tures wat asked for, and abcolu'e!y refused. The
domestic manufactures of the country required no
protection. The gentleman from Penn«ylvama
|>lr J. R. Ingersoll] had told them that the
domestic manufactures of his State were superior
to Bnti«h manufactures. He (Mr. M.) had no
doubt cf that. But how was it possible that a su-
perior amele was not capable of competing with
an inferior prtieiei If we could manufacture in
this perfection, what did we need protection for?
Another fact, mentioned by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, which would of ¡'self be sufficient to
dec>de the matter, was, that in 1840 and 1841 a
greater amount of fabrics of domestic manufacture
we'e exported from the United Slates ihan the
amount of tobacco and rice. Where did they po
to1 He had found by examination that the manu-
factures went to the British West Indits, South
America, Africa, Asia, the Medtterraman Sea, and
eve  to the markets of Birmingham and Sheffield.
They paid the duty there, and came m successful
competition with the foieign articles. Why, then,
protect our manufactures against foreign labor,
when they could already compele with it? It was
the height oí folly to tax American citizens for the
protection of tpanufadureo, when these same ma-
nufactures were capable of going into the British
market in success'ul compe'iiion with their own
manufactures? It wts wrong in principle and fact,
a id did not evince an American feeling They
had been told that England had grown great by her
manufacture'. He admitted this; but her pohcy
was 'o aba.idon protection.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr Irwin]
had been pleased to sound Ihe rally to bis Southern
Whig friends, to come up to the support of a pro-
tective lanff He had ui lerstood him to say that
the Whys had thrown their banner to the breeze,
on which wa-. inscribed tne nara¡ of Harrison, and
th t tney had pledged themselves to the ,upport of
a discrjim iatine pre active tariff He would tell
th  gememan mat th  bainer of Hampón was
flung to ihe breeze in the Southern States, and on
that was inscribed "th¡? Compromise Act " With
this the South was satisfied; it was all they asked
fo now. Ii the Southern Whigs should so far for-
get their count y, tneir dutv, a>.d their honor, as to
ndiy to the support of u piotective tgnff, it would
n ver be eff-ctfd from, the appeals of one who had
to recently d<-sene I die Whig party in Older to fol-
low tht iigH of ano'het sun
Mr M further replied to aiaum-n's made by
the gentletíMi 1¡ 'in '.la^chüM ts [Air Hudson]
,>nd Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ira in]—to both wnich
gem lemen he yielded the floor for explanation—
and at some length referred to sta'ntical tables
showing that the profits derived from the manu-
laitunng business far exceeded the profits arising
irom tn" production of cotton, or fioii any other
bi-Mch ofmdusiiy, deducing from this fact the ar-
gument ihit it was unrea-onab'e and absurd te
Irz t' e u'hei in'tre'ti for tne p otection of mn m-
fd(>urts, whkh weie alrendy he i"ost projective
b.aruh of ir^U'-liy. Wuhou. conclujing his re-
ir>?ik 8t the reqde-4 of ¡several inen.ber-, Mr M.
ihrn give \f-ayto a motion b/—
Si  ARNOLD, that 'he Hou*e do now aopurr;
j bn* the motun was waived for a moment, at the
i    request o' —
Mi tJALL, who cbta.ned leave to make a re-
piit fio -i tee Comn ittee on Revolutionary Claim ,
(Mi. H h«.\ ing been momentarily ou* of his seat
whi n thdt eomMillPe was ealled )
By gjrersl con?en% and in pursuance of notice
hnr^'oiore <"i"en—
Mi LOWELL psked and obtained leave to in-
troduce a bill provi 'ids; for tne settlement of the
claims of the 3'ate if Mame for ths tervice^ of her
ir lit a
Ti>e b'", havit g 'oecnread twi^e by its title, was
refriird fo the ComTitie° on Miiuaiy Aff sus, and
irt e.^.1 to oe t nntid.
Oi J: ivt. gi'ti, pUitio .*> and memorial? v^ere
pr "Bled by tno ml offin  members, and were ie-
f^r ed to tie anpropm'e Ci,rimittees
Mr. BOARDMAN of Connecticut [who pre-
sented the petition ol Thar>kful T. Beecher, widow
of a soldier who fell in battle during the Revolu-
tion, praying for a pension.]
Mr. SALTONSTALL of Massachusetts.
Mr.  RIDGWAY of Ohio.
Mr. UNDERWOOD of Kentucky.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland.
Mr. COWENofOhio.
Mr. CROSS of Arkansas.
On leave given—
Mr. CUSHING made the following motions:
That the message of the President of the United
States of the 9th of March, 1840, concerning ton-
nage duties on Spanish vessels, be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
That the message of the President of the United
States of the 31st of December, 1839, concerning
French vessels from Guiana to the Um'ed States,
be referred to the Committee on Foreign Affarrs.
And it was ordered accordingly.
On leave given—
Mr. TILLINGHAST offered the following reso-
lution; which was adopted:
Eesolved, That the Committee on Commerce in-
quire into the expediency of an appropriation of
not exceeding twelve hnndr?d dollars for repairs
and necessary expenses m and upon the custom-
house in Providence, Rhode Island.
And then the House adjourned.
|Eg= The following committees were announced
by the Speaker on the 27th instant:
Comimltee on the part of the House to arrange the
placing of the Statue in the Rotunda —Messrs.
Granger of New York, J. P. Kennedy of Mary-
land, Pendleton of Ohio, C. J. Inobrsoll of
Pennsylvania, and Mallory of Virginia. [Messrs.
Pruston of South Carolina, King of Alabama,
and Choate of Massachusetts,, are the committee
on the part of the Senate ]
Select Committee on the memorial of Win Wright.
Messrs. Hall of Vertront, Hudson of Massactsu.
setts, Shffperd of N rth Carolina, Van Edren of
New York, and Waruev of Georgia.
Memorial of Captain Henri/ M. Shrew.—Messrs.
Cross of Arkansas, Grntrv ot Tennessee, Sprioo
of Kentucky, Miller of Missouri, and Gwin of
Mississippi.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 30, 1841.
Mr ALLEN presented the following resolution*,
which, on his motion, wtre read and la d upon the
table-
H'sdoed, by the General JivmUy of the Stale of
Ohio, That our Senators m OoL;ye<, "-e ms-mcted,
and our R=prc"=enia ives rtques'ed, to u*p then ex-
ertions to have the \vr passed, at as car'y a. day as
possible, «"pporuoniig ,Lie r«prtseiiíai n-n Con-
gress among the sever4 Std'Oj,
Rewlsed, That the Governor be requested to foi-
ward a copy of the fuegoi"g ¡cso'u-on to each of
out Senators and Repre e^ta' ves n Consre->
RUFUS P   SPALDING,
Speaker of the Hcus- of R^p) sfri atives
J IS. J  FER1N,
Speaker of the Senate.
December 21st, 1841
Mr ALLEN said: It is with greit pleasure that I
present this resolution and I «peak, as if ell on behalf
of my honorable colleágu',a on r>iy own, when I say,
that we shall promptly obey (hi ms'ruction it con-
tains. As jet there has Leen no select commutee
appointed m th's body, charged with tne subject cf
apportionment. I should therefore nave moved at
this time for such a commute?, and the reference
of the resolution to it, bu' upon consultation
with several Senators, rcore experienced than
myseK, I learn that it has oeen tHe prac ice
of the Senat-, to delay action on the subject of the
apportionment until ihe House of R°pie-cnta'ives
had act d upon it—the ¡-¿bj-xthaving refererce
ex^lus vely to ¡hecompo<i'ion of ,bat body. I may
remark, I ru t, sir, wi bout impropriety, that the
Hou e ha/e appom'ed a se'ect cummiU'e, and al-
ready charged it íuth th s subject I will add, that
the committee ha , as I am informed, experienced
some delav of us action, by inaccuracies in the
printed census laid before it, and which required
correction. When it shall have before ¡t all
the materials, the committee will doubtless
consummate   the   business  with   all   practica-
