CONGRESSIONAL «LOBE.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE #1 PER SESSION.
27th Cong.........2d Sess.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 6, 1842.
Volume 11 "—No. 6.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 3,1842.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of Walp
and Bishop, John P. Coffin, W. M. J. Benjamin,
and 30 others, merchants and bnsmess men of the
city of New York, praying a postponement of the
operation of the Bankrupt law for two years frcm
the first of February next, and expressing great ap-
prehension of the effects upon credit and business,
and lhe puces of property, of permi tmg the law to
go into operation in the next month: referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr W. also presented the petition of C P. and
H. Heyer, Henry T. Cooper, and 38 others, also
merchant* and business men of the city of New
York, to the same effect: referred to the Committe,e
on the Judiciary.
Mr. W. also pres-ented the petition of John B
Theiry, and 59 others, mechanics and laborers, and
cpitified to bs principally householders, of the city
of New York, to the same eflect. referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. W. alio presented the petition of Young,
Smith and Co. and 72 others, merchants ¡>nd tra-
ders of the cuy of New York, setting forth detailed
defects in, and objections to, the Barkrupt law, and
suggesting various amendments which the peti-
tioners pray Congress to adopt before the law is
permitted to go into operaurn Th s petitttion, Mr.
W. said, we was requested to ask to have read,
and he accordingly made that motion The peti-
tion was read and re'erred to the Commutes on the
Judiciary.
Mr. W. also presented the pe'ion of Suydam and
Co. S. T. Armstrong, Mead, Rogers and Co. and
105 other merchants and firms of the city of New
York, also praying the postponement of the Bank-
rupt law for two years from February nest, and
offering the same reasons given in the petitions
first presented. Mr." W. said in all these petitions,
as well the occupation and place of residence in
the cuy, as the name of the petitioner, were en-
tered upon the petition, and in reference to all of
them, he had assurances, the correctness of wh-ch
he was not permitted to doubr, that the petitioners
were not simply real íubaDi'ants of the cuy, but
men of respeclabtlity and character as a body, and
that, among the signatures of mercnauis was repre-
sented a vei y large share of the houses of the first
standing as to character, mte 'lgence, creen-, and
extent or commercial business indeed, that much
the largest poruon of the revenue of the revenue ot
the Unued States derived from duties collected a
the port of New York, is paid by merchants whose
names are to be found upon these petitions. This
petition was also referred, up®n Mr Wright's mo
tion, to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr W. also presented a memorial from
the Chamber of Commerce of the cuy of New
York, which he asked to have re&d, and the read-
ing was ordered. Tne memorial pra^s the follow-
ing amendments to tke Bankrupt law, via:
1 Tnat no Dankrupi, voluntar} ot involuntary,
shall receive a di-scharge without the consent of
c editors repiesentm^ at ¡saot hill tue amount of
bis debts
•   2. That all notices in ca*
be pabli-bed m the parer ía
too  selected to  pub. sq  tie
Sta'es
3. Ti at the p3imant.it -.pro n. e t i1 T-~,¿nees
of the estates ot ba-íiupt in i/ be made by I he
creditor .
This memoria1 va* "i^ on mo'ion o. At.
WRKiHT, íeftrtea iO >hc C>ii _ dee on the Ju i-
ciaiy,
Mr BSNTOV pi- n
if New Yoik " gn d ,
all occmatiou^, práyn*
repealed And a i ih r
giving tieu  ceupatujr
of bankruptcy, shiU
'he oí y oí Wasiing-
u !■>  ot    he United
"t
1-
in from tl e ciiv
iiMii -, belonging to
i,   ii „ Ban! 'vp aU b"
non,  s gsied b    120,
,              id place ui res duice,
praying !tr me postponement of the operc-tions of
the Bankrupt law for two y ais írom February
next, and that moneyed corporations may be in-
cluded: referred to the Committee  on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a petition from nu-
merous citizens of Philadelphia, praying for amend-
ment to the Bankrupt law¿ and if they should not
be made, that the act be repealed, referred to the
Judiciary Committee.
Also, three petitions from one hundred and five
voters of Warren county, Pennsylvania, protest-
ing against ihe confirmation of the treaty with the
Seneca Indian..- referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
Mr. CALHOUN presented a peution asking for
a tepeal or modification of the Bankrupt law. He
remarked that that law had already lost a great
deal in public opinion, and his impression was that
rothing short of repeal would salisfy the people:
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. C also presented a petition from a conven-
tion lately assembled m Tennessee, asking for an
appropriation by Congress for the improvement of
the Tennessee river. Mr. C remarked that his
opinions were sj Will known on the subject of ap-
propriating money from the National Treasury to
improve rivets and harbors, that he need not re-
p^ot toem He believed the operation ofthesjs-
tern was wholly unjust This was a most ímpor-
taut river, and contained more water than the
Ohio íUelf; yet while on the Ohio and Mississippi
prrp ', and li'tle tnbu'ary streams, and on the
lakei, tnousands upon thousands have been-appro-
pnated by the Government, tn's river has got no.
thing He merely made ihe^e remarks to show
the knjust operation of the system. However much
he was opposed lo it, he hoped the committee to
which he proposed to refer ¡t would gne the sub-
ject that consideration it merited. It was due to
the petitioners that proper respect should be paid
to their petition, and he therefore moved ¡is refe-^
rence to the Committee on Commerce, agreed to
Mr. STURGEON presented ihe petition of John
J. Smith, a soldier in the last war, praying a pen-
sion, referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr TAPPAN presented ihe petition of WilUam
Dean, & Co . referred to the Committee on the Post
tarace and Post Roads.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a petition pray-
ing for the interposition of the American Govern-
meni with that of Great Britain, for the release of
the Patriots who were engaged in the Canadian re-
volution, and who are now confined at Van D.e-
maii'a Land, in Australia: referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign relations
Petitions were also presented by Mr. EVANS,
Mr BAGBY, and Mr. CHOATE, the names of
the petitioners and purport of the petitions were not
heard.
THE VICE PRESIDENCY
Mr PRESTON submitted a resolution, which
wps adopted, intruding the Cornrai' ee on the Ju-
diciary to ípqaire wfi ther anr further legislation
be neces aiy, in e*se oi the removal, depth, or re-
signaron ot the Vice President of 'he United Slates,
or"of Lie Pra^iJent of the Senate, and to report by
oi'l or ot¡"erwibe.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr GRAHAM, from th' Ct mmutee on Claims,
re ported ba<"\ t > ili Sena! witnout pm-nament,
•be It 1 foi iii  i-    i o' Epi r-aui D xiu.
At o, w i i o it a iiinoraiii t''>, bill to estábil h a
Bo-ird o' OoiatPi •> tn is to h*ar and examine
i'a "~s as<u *t he Untied S'a ei
I"r SM11V, from the Commit ee on Pub'ic
L 't, ttpor elh 'i o b'Se-ia e, v.tbeutan.uid-
  sen , i e o i a in   r> lU <' Je^e Carper e*.
A' i, a b ii ¡or ihe r«.l cf ot C ar\ Woodruff, ac-
c liifti i bj <* «o u<4 r""o l Tut i i'l ¿> read,
und ih  r p >i' o Vied lo be p«- n    1
Mr lOEUo, l.unth' Cv>m> tit ee t n Claims,
repi rted a bin Kr the relief of Dív d Ge a>n, which
was re^'
Ai-so, made an unfavorable report on the petition
of Samuel Mtlroy, a receiver at Provincevule, In-
diana, for money withheld from him by the Trea-
sury Department; which was read.
On the motion of Mr. BARROW, it was
Resolved, That ihe Committee on Naval Affairs
inquire into the expediency of regulating, by law,
the appointment of midshipmen in the navy, ac-
cording to the representative ¿ratio of each" State in
Congress.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Barrow, on th*
30th ultimo, direetmg the Secretary of the Navy to
communicate to the Senate a list of the names oC
the midshipmen appointed from the 1st day of Janu-
ary, 183J, to the 20th of December, 1841, and a
statement showing the places of nativity of all such
midshipmen, and also their places of residence at
the time of tbetr appointment, was laid upon the-
table
The following resolution, ¡submitted by Mr. Gu-
HáM on the 30th ultimo, was adopted, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to inform the Senate what is the present number of
cadets m the Military Academy at West Point from
each Stale and Territory of the Union, and iron 
the District of Columbia, what regulation, if any,
extcts in the War Department respecting the ap-
pointment cf cadets, so as to apportion them among
the several S'ates; whether the whole number of
appointments has at any time exceeded 250; and if
so, at «hat time or times, and whether, when a va-
cancy has occurred in the corps of cadets, from any
cause, a successor has been uniformly appointed m
tne same Congressional disinctfrom which his pre-
decessor had been selected.
Mr. BATES, on leave, introduced a bill to refnnd
a balance due to Massachusetts for expenditures
made by that State during the late war with Great
Britain, for the services of her militia; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The following engrossed bills were taken up,
read tne thud time, and passed, viz
The bill to authorize the Legislature of Louisi-
ana, to sell lands heretofore appropriated for the
use of schools in that S'ate; and
The bill for the relief of *be Selma and Tennes-
see Railros d Company.
The bill allowing drawbacks on merchandise
exported in original packages to Chihuahua and
Santa Fe, in Mexico, was ¡aicen up as m commit*
tee of the whi!<>, and after some remarks by Mr.
HUNTINGTON, explanatory of the bill, and an
amendment made at the instance of Mr. BEN-
TON, it was reported to the Senate.               *
Mr WOODBURY wished to have the bill so
amended as to embrace in us operations the North-
ern frontier, but afier some remarks by Mr HUN-
TINGTON, WRIGHT, LINN, and KING, in
favor of this bill passing as it was, and showing
the propriety of reporting anoiher and separate bill,
granting the same privileges to ib se exporting
gsods ¡n original packages from the Northern
coasts, tne amendment adopted m Committee was
agreed to, and the bill was ordered -o be engrossed.
=Mr. WOOD13ÜRY, from tie Committee on
Claims, reported b-ck to the Sena e, with an
amendment, the bill lor the re iet of Capt. J.
Thiockmorton.
The bill to provide fot the alio vanee of invalid
penstoas tj certain C-erokee warnor., underJbe
pio.-iMccs ol ihe 14 b artic'e of ihe treaty of 1835,
w.n tasen up, ?■* 11 comaa.et of th« tihole, advo-
cated \>} M'. PISRCE.amf reported to (beSenate,
an 1 ordered to be engrossed for a third reaaing.
The bill granting a p^ion to William Rand,
w as -aten op as m committee of the whole, report-
i to the Stna'e without a-nendment, and otdeied
io be ensro^s-d fur n third reading
Mr BE\TTO ^ said that ne wouid r-rail himself
v f tr.e fira sap m business to cali up ms b.U tor the
dos nonenwnt of ihe bankrupt li w.
P   PROPOSED BOARD OF EXCHEClUER
The question of. referring tne bul sed report of
the Secretary of the T easu y corning up for con-
sideration as ihe unfinished bu&ness—■
