82                           /
Mr. HUNTING-TON said that, if any apology '
were necessary fer detaining the Senate upon this
question, it might bel founj in the magnitude of
the subject presented.! It/had an important con-
nection with the currency m the Government, with
its business and ilspowéj^and, in his judgment, (o
all questions relating to public liberty It was
not b s object to enter now into the examination
of all these matters He proposed very briefly to
examine some of the features of the bill which bad
been submitted to Congress now nearly a month
since by the Secretary of the Tfeasnry In his
judgment, he would state, fi'st, that some of the
principles of the bill had not been undei stood, or
were misunderstood, in those sections of Hie coun-
try where the bill had met with favor la ihe se-
cond place, he proposed to submit hi? view? to the
committee upon the plan as it came to Congress
for consideration.
He did not agree with the Senators from New
York and Virginia [Mr. Tallmadqe and Mr
Eives] that this was not ¡he time to discuss these
matters. He considered, on the contrary, that it
was the most proper time to enter upon their consi-
deration
One of the very first acts of the venerable Presi-
dent now deceased, after his inaguraaon, was to
affix his signature to a proclamation convening
Congress in extra session, on the last of May last
He would had justly been called the "good Presi-
dent," and who had called us here, was not here
to meet us when we came at his summons. Death
had called him to another sphere, and he obeyed
the summons. But our Constitution easily pro-
vided a remedy, and the distinguished individual
now at the head of the Government wa-n called to
occupy the place made vacant by the death of the
President. He call«d our attention, at the com
. wencement of the extra se 'ion, to the subject
which now forms a part of the features of this bill.
He submitted the question to us, and we acted
as duty dictated. Our efforts failed, and
we adjourned, also m the hope and promi e that
some wise and salutary measure would be pro-
posed, which would restore the currency, im-
prove the exchanges, and do the public some ser-
vice in an improvement of the times We went
home fearing, but hoping for the best, anl we
came back with the ardent w,sh that ne wretched
state of things which now exists would be rerne"i d,
and that, instead of them, some wise, =af<?, con
stitunonal measure submt'ed, considered, and
matured. We now have this plan befcre uc, we
have treated it with great resp e , examined the
b'il, aecompan ed by the -eport, which is driwn
up with consummate abiln.,, and p-esented to us
with all the p'au ibility rhr i co 'Id fpvor such a
plan as hat proposed. Ic is this plan (sa d Mr
H ) I now propose to examine And what dine
find'! A depreciated currency from the Hudson
to the Floridas, our labor not meeting with its ade-
quate reward, confidence lostm oar State securities,
and a general apprehension that vorse is to come
And the remedy proposed for all thi-> is an ¡>ct
entitled "An act to amend the laws establishing a
Treasury of the United States " This act was
proposed for our adoption by those who had been
contending for twelve yea's against Executive
power, Executive influence, and Executive con-
trol It was presen ed to us as a panacea foi existirg
d sorders It nas said by the Senator from Pern-
sylvnma [Mr Büoíiav¿n] that we nad this scheme
shadosedforth m 1837. It was shadowed forth
long before that t me, and, in 1831, as an humble
member of the other body, he had a distinct recol-
lection that it was then shadowed forth by the
Chief Magistrate. He then thought and said that
there was not a man who would stand fordi and
hazard his political reputation by the support of
sjch a measure. It was th-n sta ed that there
was not a member to be found who would favor it
upon a committee, and orce he remembered to
haie heard it said taat, if the Speaker expected to
find any friend to anv «uch measure, he wculd
have to go out of the House of Representatives to
find one, he could not be found there
I  discussing this,measure, Mr H said he ii -
tended to impute motives to no one He pro^sed
to aralj 7' the bill and report, and to treat the rue
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sure and report as they deserved. With his ho-
nored friend befpre him from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Pbeston] be would be governed
by a catholic spirit, and do what could be done
for the relief of the country. He proposed to
examine the bill in reference to its political as-
pects, and its íelation to the Government as a
matter of exchange, currency, and revenue. It
was proper to view it all in those lights, in his es-
timation.
In its Governmental relations it was highly in-
jurious, and he believed would be destructive of
the public liberty. It would also, m his judgment,
be destructive m it? operations In the first place,
siid Mr H this bill proposes to create a Govern-
ment institution—to establish a Government Bank
Let us see what are its powers, its functions, and
its elements It is, then, a bank of issues, of de-
posites, of circulation, and in every thing a Go-
vernment Bank, excep ing in the discount of pro-
missory notes It receives gold and silver on de-
posite to the amount of $15,000 000 It also re-
ceives all the revenues of the Government It re-
ceives bank notes It takes from individuals gold
and «liver, from the banks bank no'es and from
the Government its revenue?
It was a bank of issue, too It issued eertifi
cates, with the faith of the Government pledged
for their redemption It issued Treasury notes,
with a promise to pay on demand.
It was a bank of exchange, too, and gave these
Boards of Control the power to traffic m the funds
of the Government to any amount. This could
be done to any amount, and the restriction of t me
was only as to bills bought These bind of bills
might * be drawn for twelve months This was
the nature of thepiwersof this institution, and
the bill misht have been entitled "An act to es-
tablish a Government Bank, wi'h power to is-
sue money, receive deposites, and deal m bills of
exchange "
It was said not to be a hank, because private
funds were not employed. Tms was not neee-sary
to constitu'e a bank The fuHct ons of a bank had
nothing to do with the capita! of a bank. They
were the same, whether the capital was public or
pnva'e
Mr H siKgested, too, that the agencies pro-
posed, co I'd discount under tilt? <ori> of the bi'is of
exel ange When the so-nrach tplked of Facility
was d sci^vd at the extra session, we were told
that th- banl was to dea' in exchanges between the
States and m foieign exchanges The objec ions
to tne ypstem of "kite-flyn g" under tbr bill would
operate with tenfold force over the bill of the extra
session, ?nd the bill contained objections which
were refer ed to I y Mr H as contsmed m ibe se
cond veto mes age of th° President
If the objsctions to that bill wre goo'', a private
corporation, as it was, tbev uete tenfold trap of
this bill to create a public corporation. Ard was
not this a bank? Was it not a Government Bank?
In the first place, its capital was G vernmem cap -
tal. its $15 000 000 of money and stock were Go-
vernment money and Government stock lis whole
capital was Government capital It pledged the
faith of the Government for all issues of deposite,
and not only was the Government respori-ible for
this, but for the bi'ls of «xchinge wnieh it autho-
rized It h?d control over ever dollar of revenue
oc ihe Unit-d States also, and it had tne power to
pledge $30 000 000 of Government securities-,
§15 000,000 of stock, pnd the same amount of
Tieasury note , bes des the $5 000,000 author zed,
if nece^ary, in the bill.
This bill was in/ested, in the first place, (said
M'. H ) with a power over all the revenues of he
country, and, m the second place, over all the cre-
dit of the Government Ii controlled all its money
and all it  credit
And what benefit wojH we have from it, sup.
posing it did do what was contended for it, restore
the currency, improve the exchanges, >-evive confi
dence, make the business of tt>e c >untry, &p &c t
Were te prepared, under any ciroum ra ces, t0
invest such a puwer m aiiy agent' Wouid my
friend in my eye [Mr Cwr] emplo/ me to deal in
exchanges for him? Would John Jacob Astor
give any one man control over all his money and
means? And what did you propose to do in this
bill? What less than to invest all you possess m
a Government institution? I am against this in-
vestment of power (said Mr. H ) I would not give
it to a private individual. I would not give It to
the Government with my consent.
I have said this was a Government institution,
from the manner in which its capital is to originate
and its duties to be pet formed. Under this bill,
and I speak of this alone, I go further, and say,
that it is a Government Bank, because the Govern-
ment has the management of it It made the Se-
cretary of the Treasury and the Treasurer of the
United States members of the Board of Control.
The Secretary of the Treasury, under this bill, ap-
pointed all the subordinates—a'l the agencies were
controlled by him He appointed all the inferior
officers and all the sub agencies of ihe agents.
They may be removed as WeM without as with
cause The board, *oo, fixed all their sa'anes ex-
cept their own In regard to the power of remo-
val, Mr H did not intend to discuss the subject.
Thepract cal construction of the Constitution, that
the power of removal was incident to the power of
appointment, was well unders'ood, and under its
exercise th re cou'd be removal for any cause or
for no cat 3c.
The board also regulated all the premiums on
exchanges, and this power must have struck every
man with astonishment, and here Mr. H. would
say, that if any safe, practical agency could be es-
tablished, he would be glad to see it done, and no
man more so.
Let us see (cont.nued Mr. H ) whether this
power, the power of removal, can be modified so
as to diminish the objections to the measure. Sup-
pose that the presiding officer of the Senate, the
Speaker of the House, and the Chief Justice of
the Supreme Court were ihe Board, as had been
suggested. Tne Constitution was unlimited, and
said, with certain exceptions, the President shall
appoint. The excep'ions were that they might by
law invest the appointment cf inferior officers in
supenéJr officers. But these (jhe Board ol Exche-
quer) were not inferior officers. They had control
of the public money They were superior officers,
and amenable to no power, unless it was to the
people. The clause meant that the inferior officers
of their own courts should be appointed, and no
others They coull appoint infeiior officers, such
as postmasters, because they were officers ap-
pointed by law The Pies dent was ve ted with
power to appoint the superior officers, and they
were empowered to appoint mienoi officers
And v hat wa  meant by the purse and sword,
of which so much had been said' It meant, as
was generally understood, the power of removing
and appointing without cause Why was the
Sub Treasury oppo ed here, if not for the reason
that it united the purse and the sword? If it was
light for us 'o denounce the unsound pnncple in
that bill, was it ngh to stand up here and defend
it m this bilP
I have said (continued Mr H ) that this was a
Government bank It is a Government brokery,
too, with power to deal out bills of exchange,
Treasu-y notes, and certifico es of deposite. It
h?d claim to the character of a Government bro-
kerage And m lor king over the second veto
message of the President, at the extra session, he
found the President give, as h s reasons for op-
posing the second Fiscal bill, that a resumption of
specie pa ments would be liable to postponement,
because the State banks wouid have to continue
with th-ir doors cloced, or continue at the mercy
of the n? lonal monoply of the peop e.
This bill, too, promised not to take more than
two per cent a month (thirty days being the time
limited under the bill) as a rate of exchange, and
this, it would be seen, was 24 percent a year—a
rate as h gh as any paid in the mcsf disastrous
times.
Mr. H. wished h* spid, to sp=;>k further of the
Government influence over this írnitnnon It m-
ves ed the Government w th a power which, if
abused, would be fafal <o in 'iberties He wished
to point to one feature to show this. He did not
mean to say that it would be abused, only that it
had that tendency.   If you allowed the agency to
