84
ing mtersts of the country, enough to sustain them,
whilst they conflicted with no othsr established
and necessary branch of the business of this Go-
vernment.
He would make but a passing remark in rela-
tion to the genius and character of our Govern-
ment. It was an anomaly in itself, differing from
every other Government on the face of the globe.
We repudiate all systems of excises—all efforts te
raise revenue for the support of the General Go-
vernment by direct taxation on the people; and by
their Constitutions the States have surrendered the
whole subject-matter of revenue to the General
Government, and given to it the power to raise re-
venue from impost duties for the purpose of sop
porting all its necessary and legitimate wants.
They had also surrendered to the General
Government the power to lay direct taxa-
tion on the people; and to borrow money to
supply the wants of the Government; but,
although this important prerogative had been
surrendered by the people of the States to
the General Government, every effort which had
been made to sustain the General Government by
direct taxation had met with strong and warm op-
position from the people We repudiate that doc-
trine, but practise the doctrine of laying indirect
taxes on the people in the form of import duties, so
that whoever consume the imports to this coun'ry
support the wants of Government, whilst those who
consuma nothing of foreign productions pay no-
thing to Government. Look at the genius and spirit
of our Constitution, the tone and temper of the
people, who are always unwilling to pay more
taxes than are absolutely necessary, and when we
look to the present condition of the Treasury, we
would find that duties laid on foreign imports to
carry on all the necessary reouirements of Go-
vernment will give sufficient protection and benefit
to every branch ot industry in our country.
He would take occasion to say a few words in
relation to the remarks made by sundry gentlemen
in this debate. They had regarded it as unwise
legislation ou the part of Congress to pass a law
to divide the revenue arising from the sales of the
public lands among the States. He would say
that it never was contemplated when the Constitu-
tion was formed, and never entered into the
spirit of legislation after the Constitution was
adopted, that the proceeds of the public lands should
become a source of national revenue. When they
were thrown into ths national coffers, u was at the
instance of Alexander Hamilton, whose able report
laid down the plan of the sinking fund for our
General Government, and recommended the as-
sumption on the part of the General Government
of the debts of the States. Then, for the first time,
these public lands were conlempla'ed as a source
* of national revenue. If there was a party who
were anxious ihat the proceeds of the public lands
should flow into the National Treasury, they were
bound 10 pursue the coarse Hamilton recommend-
ed, and recommend to Cerjgress an as umption of
State debts. At the present time, above all others,
was it important that the States ihould have their
own funds for the purpose of paying their enoi-
mous debts, when they have •surrendered to me
General Government all powei over foreign im-
portations, and of collecting revenue from com-
laerce.
He went for the reference of th s subject to the
Committee of Ways and Means, m addition to
the reason now given of a larger deficit of revenue
t i< n had been anticipated, because that committee
■was the committee from which would emanate all
the appropriation bills necessary to carry on all the
various departments of the Government. It had ju-
risdiction over the diplomatic appropriation bill,
over the appropriation bills for the support of the
army, of the navy, and all the others, and it v¡ as
important that that committee should, with the
<.ann eye, take the survey of th  whole circle of
legislation—view it in all its points and relative
bearing, and thus graduate the legislation on
every important subject in relation to the accruing
revenues to the Treasury. If the subject were re-
ferred to the Committee on Manufactures, they
mwht report a bill for the purpose of protecting
treit own individual interest, and m that limited
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
degree that they might hnd, when the necessary
appropriation bills were reported, that they have
not revenue enough, because it may be desirable
for the manufacturing interests to raise duties too
high; or they might, on the other hand, for the pur-
pose of benefiting their own interest, raise an enor-
mous revenue, beyond the wants of the Govern-
ment and the requirements which the Committee
of Ways and Means would recommend. To avoid
either of these extremes, and place this subject in
its proper relation to all other interests and sub-
jects for legislation, he was for the reference to the
Committee of Ways and Means, that they might
take a fair and philosophical view of the subject,
and report a system of bills for the legislation of
Congress.
Another reason was, that he was anxious that
this matter of revenue should be, if not the first,
among the first subjects acted on by Congress. He
should be very willing to see the currency question
taken up; but next to that, if not before it, he was
anxious to see the question of revenue notonly first
reported,but first called up for the action of this Con-
gress, so that they might graduate their appropria-
tions in relation to the other objects of revenue. If
the revenue was sparse, he should be cautious how
he voted appropriations for the support of the
Army, the Navy, for forts and fortifications, until
he first knew the ways and means of the General
Government, and the amount of revenue they
might safely calculate on. This single reason
would be reason enough with him why he «hould
vote to refer this subject to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Another reason was, that he believed a false
issue had been made in this Hall. Gentlemen
seemed to suppose that every individual who
would not go for the reference to the Committee
on Manufactures must therefore be opposed to the
protection of manufactures. That was a falss
issue. No one on this floor was more anxious
than himself to see the domestic manufactures
flourish and prosper, and to give them every
proper and legitimate encouragement; and no one
was more unwilling to see that interest placed at
the head of all the other interests of this nation—
that all other interests should bow down and be-
come subservient to it He wanted manufactures,
commerce, and agriculture, and all the depart-
ments of human pursuit, to go on and flourish, and
was unwilling to place any one in advance of the
rest, and cause all the others to be governed by the
mere will, caprice, or peculia- views of any par-
ticular interest in the Government.
Another reason There were gentlemen who
pressed this subjpet in such a form as that the
Committee on Manufactures shall alone regulate
and graduate the duties on all articles—shall be
the judge of what amount of protection they want,
and take the whole subject under their own pecu-
liar control; but there was a wid r, broader, and
deeper interest pervading his whole nation, whose
voice should be heard and counsel calmly and dis-
passionately taken. The great consuming interest
of our land, which consumes the productions of
manufactures, and which were at least four-fifths
of ¡his Union, should be consulted, as well as the
interest which claims special and peculiar benefits,
and to be sole umpire in the case.
He was oppo-ed to the reference of this subject
to the Committee on Manufactures, because gen-
tlemen who had urged this reference had earned
the idea that they were bound to so shape the scope
and forms of legislation that the manufacturing in-
terest alone shall be considered If they placed a
protective tariff law on thp staiute books, and that
was not deemed sufficient, they would come back
next year, and say, "You fpledged yourselves to
protect manufactures. The law already passed is
not suffic ent, therefore you must now increase the
tariff We have invested our capital m manufac-
tures, and directed our pursuits from other chan-
nels, and now claim the protection of Government "
If they started with the tariff of 1816, next year
they would carry it on to the tariff of 1824, and
then the protecting interests would come forward
and say, "give us the tariff of 1828" What
would be the consequence? They would pile tariff
on tariff; and the effect would be that politicians
] may be alarmed as well as the people—ihat the in-
terests of the West or South may arise against this
system and overthrow it, and then they would have
another cempromise bill! That was the history of
the tariff acts. He took warning by past legisla-
tion. He was opposed to starting the progress of
legislation as it commenced in 1816, was car-
ried on in 1828, and was consummated in 1838;
but was for legislating on a broader platforai, and
not for telling manufacturers that ihey were going
to bend all their legislation to them alone, but to
direct legislation m accordance with national wants
and ínteres s; and when they raised the tariff of du-
ties, as they must for the purpose of revenue, ma-
' nufacturers must judge whether they can invest
their capital and direct their enterprise to manufac-
tures. When they did that, they caused no violent
prejudice against their legislation, and gave full
varning to every department that, whilst they
raised revenue enough for Government, it was to
be decided by the judgment of every man, whether,
with a fixed revenue tariff before him, it is profita-
ble for him to quit his farm, or other pursuits, and
engage in manufactures.
When they came to practical legislation they
would find that there were no two interests in this
nation discordant—that the opposition of interests
was merely imaginary, and that they only be-
came conflicting when they separated one interest
from the rest, and made it chief and primary. If
they legislated for the purpose of the Treasury and
the wants of Government, they were all concordant;
but if they shaped their legislation with special re-
fe ence to any particular interest, they would op-
pose other interests. This warfare between the
extreme North and the extreme South was one in
which the Middle interest had been silent. The
manufacturers of cotton at the North and the pro-
ducers of it at the South wsre both sustamed.by
the Middle consuming interest. It was that which
paid both- the manufacturer and producer. The
course of policy wh.ch he would recommend for
benefiting both the North and South would be to
enlarge the sphere of consumption, by increasing
and benfiting the farming interests, which pro-
moted and cherished both these extremes, anl was
calculated to make a market for the productions
of both. Tnerefore, in order to perfect this pur-
pose, he was for widening the basis of consump-
tion by a system of countervailing duties. They
found now tha' England, perhaps the greatest manu-
facturing nation in Europe, had adopted a system
of to'al exclusion of the productions of the great
agricultural interests of our country, and the con-
sequence i% that the great producing interests of
the united States find a precarious and scanty
market for their productions. The whole policy
of England had not, as was stated, been directed
to increasing manufactures. He had taken occa-
sion to examine with great labor and research the
British system, and especially Mr. Hume's report
in 1840, and found that the whole amount of the
revenue of England from foreign importations is
twenty two million pounds sterling, while the
whole amount from protecting duties was less
than half a million pounds sterling, and
the weight of testimony before that committee
was in favor of the reduction of even these
protecting dute , in order better to secure the ma-
nufacturing interest at home England kid a tariff
of duties on our wneat amona ing to a total exclu-
sion of it, unless in periods of starvation, and also
on our corn, our beef, ana gram products She
receives our cotton at a very low rate of duty,
knowing that we import as much of the fabric as
pays fo-the raw materia1 aid yet while we are
great consumers not only of her manufactured cot-
ton, but her cutlery and silk, those articles, the
most impottant in our country, the great biead-
stuffs of life, her tariff system totally excludes from
consumption, and she never throws her ports open
to them till her people get to the point of rebellion
and starvation.
Mr. J. here briefly examined the corn laws of
England, and said that the great political «volu-
tion of England commenced by hostility to them.
1" The manufacturing, commercial, and part of the
agricultural interests were against them. Now it
was time for the Congress of the United States, by
