countervailing duties, so to modify her legislation
as to make England throw open her. ports.   Adopt
; . a retaliatory system, and it would not be two years
before there would be a total change in her system,
and the corn laws be repealed. He was in favor
of countervailing duties, so as to give to the far-
mers of the United States a double market—a home
and a foreign market. He wanted to press this
system when the bill was reported, from whatever
committee it came up, and without this it should
never receive his support. If Congress would not
take this ground in relation to the tariff of England
and Prance, and adopt a countervailing duty to
vindicate the corn, tobacco, wheat, rice, and grain-
growing interests of this country, no bill on this floor
should receive his approval. He here further refer-
red to the corn laws of England, from the operation
of which it was estimated that the people of Eng-
land have to pay on meats and breadstuffs one
hundred and ten million pounds sterling more than
they would have to pay if her ports were open to
these articles. It was no wonder that the people
of England were excited, and that a great political
; _, revolution had been effected there. There was
more power in the Congress of the United States
to repeal the corn laws than in the present English
Ministry itself. We receive her exports, and we
have only to adopt a retaliatory system, and her
system is convulsed to its centre; her Minislry
could not stand one year, if we of the grain grow-
ing, consuming portions of this Union, were true
to ourselves, and adopt a system of retaliatory du-
( tie  on England. This policy was no new one; it
was first recommended by Jefferson, and first legis-
lated on in 1812, and adopted so far as tonnage
duties went in 1815. He read from the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury in 1840 in support of
this system. They had but to stand firm on this
floor and adopt this system, and they would force
England, whether her Ministry favor it or not, at
once to open her ports to the great productions of
our country.
Another reason for the vote he should give. He
found, from the argument urged by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop,] who last
spoke, that he had gone into very great research to
prove that the New England States had always re-
pudiated the tariff system, and (hat the tariffs of
1816, 1824, 1828, and 1832, had been opposed by
a majority of the Representatives from New Eng-
land. If that was true, why should this Congress
force another tariff on them, to be repudiated and
denounced as these had been? Why would they
now force New England into the tariff system,
when one of her ablest Representatives told them
they had always repudiated it?
Mr. WINTHROP explained that the most he
had said was in reply to the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,] who said that these tariffs
were concessions ts the urgent demands of the New
England manufacturers; that in favor of them a
majority from ths New England Slates had not
voted. He had made no remarks that New Eng-
land had repudiated either of them, or was now
opposed to a tariff, but merely stated the fact that
all these tariffs were carried through by the votes
of the Middle and Western States, and opposed by
the North. The facts the gentleman was correct in,
but the inference was not authorized.
Mr. JOHNSON continued. The gentleman had
said that Nsw England did not repudiate, but only
opposed these tariffs. He (Mr. J.) thought there
was not much difference in the two. The gentle-
man had said the Middle interest went for these
tariffs. He (Mr. J.) stood here f> warn the grain-
growing interest of North Carolina and Tennessee,
the tobacco and corn interest of Virginia and Ma-
ryland, the wheat interest of New York and Penn-
sylvania, the wheat and iron interest of Ohio and
Kentucky, and the interests of Illinois, Indiana, and
Missouri, while the North and the South had repu-
diated the tariff, to look to their own benefit a little;
and, especially by enlarging the basis of their own
great agricultural interests, they would promote
both the manufacturing and producing interest'.
Let them so legislate that England, instead of re-
fusing our produce, shall open her ports; and
whilst we are enabled to produce greater quantities,
we shall have a double market.
éO¡É(ítóESStóNAÍ, GLOBS.
He should be the last to oppose the manufactur-
ing interest. No one was.more anxious than him
to see the great interests of the country flourish,
from the sunny South to the snowy North; to see
the sugar, tobacco, rice, grain-growing, and the
manufacturing interests all move on in unison toge-
ther. He would not protect any one interest at the
sacrifice of the rest, but he went for that legislation
which was calculated to dispense benefits to the
greatest number. He was national in. his senti-
ments and feelings, and wished to be so in his le-
gislation, and to adopt a system that should be
beneficial to the iron and coal interests of Penn-
sylvania, as well as to the manufacturing interests
of Lowell.
He had thus given briefly the reasons which
should govern his vote ; and, laboring as he was
under severe indisposition, he would superadd but
one or two observations. If the policy of coun-
tervailing duties, as he proposed, should be adopt-
ed, and England forced to rejax the rigidity of her
corn law , whilst they would increase the great ba-
sis of the grain and the pork-growing interest, and
raise the tobacco interests of this country, they
would at the same time advance the cotton and
manufacturing interests of the Union, would ex-
tend the basis of consumption, and thus increase
the power and means on the part of the consum-
ing interest to purchase manufactures and the raw
material; they would elevate the price of land—
not only that in the possession of private indivi-
duals, but the Western Government lands; and
thus the eoffers of the States, so much exhausted
at this time, would be replenished, the credit of the
States be elevated, their means augmented, their
stocks elevated in market, and they be placed in a
more favorable and expeditious mode of liquidat-
ing their immense liabilities abroad; and, the mar-
kets of Europe being thrown open,'the bal wee of
trade would be in our favor, and our products of
corn, rice, and tobacco, now meeting aprecarieus
market, would fl)w thither for the purpo?e of pay-
ing off the balance of State and corporation debts
due there.
An effort had been made to give a party direc-
tion to this subject. He was sorry that some of
his own friends had gone into that lead; it had
started first, he believed, from the honorable gen-
tleman from Pittsburg, [Mr. Iawnt.] He had no
objection to his friend making as much capital
from a protective tariff at home as he could, tut
he did object to his exporting it out of his own
district. [Laughter.] Of all things ever started
in this hall it was most unwise to make a party
question out of this. The manufacturer, of all
things, wants stability—to go on gradually, pro-
gressively, and surely; to know when he makes
his investment this year what profit he will get
next year, and to know that he is not to be over-
thrown by changes of party. He (Mr. J.) loved
the manufacturing interest too well to pursue the
suicidal policy of making this a party question.
He would not be governed by partisan considera-
tions on questions of this sort, of great and vast
interest to the great mass of the people of all par-
ties. He was for deserting no position which he
took; and for taking no hurried step. Wh*n he
went for revenue for Government, he should
stand by that principle, and leave manufacturers
to judge whether they can safely embark their
capital in this business or not.
In relation to the parties of the day he had but
little to sav. "The least said was soonest mended."
But, as he had been alluded to, and his defeat in
the State of Maryland, he might be pardoned for a
passing remark. He must say that they had been
defeated: he thought the Whig  had been defeated.
Who produced it, whether "Captain Tylsr" or
"Captain Clay," he could not say: be had his
opinions about it. When he went home at the
close of the last session, he found the Whig party
in Maryland in a state of very general apathy—
as cold and flinty as a barrel of frozen ' hard
cider." [Laughter.] Prometheus himself could
not quickly have diffused warmth through the
whole cold and inert mass.
Mr. JOHNSON here dwelt with force and abi-
lity, upon political events, and he concluded by
I saying that the great good of the nation, and the
______.......^     ^......._  ,  U-
advancement«f the Republic, were not dependeat
on the elevation of one man, or the •prpstratijjfnof
another. No man was indispensable in .tbis Go-
vernment. He avoided speaking of persons; -he
stood here as he did at the last session <¿ Congress,
and would repeat the closing remarks ortttespeech •
which he then delivered, which was prophecy then,
and had now become history, that he stood here
prepared to do his duty and to render to every man
the justice which was due him.                 ' .,
[A message was received from the Senate, askiag
the concurrence of this House in certain bills, the
titles of which were read, but not heard by the
Reporter.   See Senate proceedings.]             - ; ,
Mr. JOHNSON having concluded,
The SPEAKER gave the floor (there being
many competitors) to   '
Mr. JOHN C. CLARK, who said that he did not
rise to make a speech. God forbid (continued he)
that upon this question, and at this time, I should
indulge in any comments upon the great questions
connected with this discussion.
It must be apparent to all gentlemen that this
question, in some measure, blocks legislation.
Many of the c«mmittees are inactive,, waiting for
the reference of those portions of the message
which appropriately belong to them.   The condi-         i
tion of the public Treasury, and many other im-
portant considerations, call for and justify; the
motion I intend to make.
I have not the slightest disposition to stifle debate
in this House; and I would not make the.motion,
if I were not aware that, upon the report of the
committee, an ample and wide field will beopened
for gentlemen to indulge in any latitude of remark
which they may think proper.
I therefore, under these circumstances, move the
previous question; and 1 hope that no gentleman
will appeal to me to withdraw the motion. I can-
not do so. And I shall do gentlemen no injustice,
"ecause the time must soon arrive when this whole
question must come up, and when they will have
an opportunity to say all they may desire.
And the question being on seconding the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. CLIFFORD said that, as this was an im-
portant question, he would move a call of the
House; which was ordered.
And the roll having been called, 190 members
answered to their names.
And the names of the absentees having been
called, 198 members appeared to be present.
Mr. LINN moved that all further proceedings
under the call be dispensed with.
Mr. STANLY desired to be informed by the
Speaker how many members were yet absent.-
The SPEAKER replied, forty oda.
Mr. STANLY hoped, he said, that further pro-
ceedings under the call would not be dispensed
with- There were too many Georgians absent
yet.
And the question being taVen on the motion of
Mr. Linn, it was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to suspend further pro-
ceedings on the call.
The doors of ihe Hall were then ordered to be
closed.
And some excuses were received;
When Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS,'at the re.
quest, he said, of a number of gentlemen around
him, moved that all further proceedings on the call
be dispensed with.
Which motion prevailing, all further proceed-
ings were dispensed with.
Arid the doors of the Hall were again opened.
The question recurring on the demsnd of Mr. J.
C. Clark for the previous question,
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS rose and said he
had a request to make of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Clabk;] that he would withdraw his
demand for the previous question, in order that he
(Mr. W.)mi?ht have an opportunity of saying a
few words. He did not intend to make a speech.
Mr J C. CLARK said that at the request of
his friend, [Mr. WiixuMS,] who proposed not to
make a speech, but simply to make a few remarks,
he (Mr C.) would withdraw the motion, with tb 
understanding that the gentleman would renew it.
Mr. WILLIAMS having pledged himself to do
