COMaaiSSIONAL aLOBEÜ
s , and the demand for the previous question being
thus withdrawn;
Mr. W. said, that if he had a speech to make,
he would not make it on this question, because he
did not believe it was debatable. He believed that
tbe whole discussion was entirely out of order, bat,
as the Speaker had justly remarked the other day,
the debate had been allowed to go on so far that it
would be impossible to arrest it without an imputa-
tion^ partiality.
The only remark be wished to make was this;
that the question before the House was a question
of reference solely, not involving in any degree the
question of the amount of revenue Suppose, sir,
(continued Mr W.) that this subject should be re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means; and
suppose that they should make a report laying an
average duty of thirty per cent. Suppose, on the
other band, that the Committee on Manufactures
should make a report, laying an average duty of
twenty five per cent. Which then will be the duty
proposed for protection? According to the theory
of gentlemen ne'e, the Committee of Ways and
Means would be the committee to propose a high
protfctive duty. I repeat that thu is merely a
question of reference; and as to the question whe-
ther the duty snail be high or low, that question
can arise only after a bill is reported. It the Com-
mittee on Manufactures should report a bill propos-
ing to lay exorbitant duties, it will be m my power to
vote against it just as easily and as readily as if it
had come from the Committee of Ways and
Means.
I shall, therefore, vote to refer this subject to the
Committee on Manufactures, believing, as I do,
that the amount ot duty is not at all involved in
the question now to be decided
I renew the demand for the previous question
And the question being on that motion,
Mr. BARNARD put an inquiry to the Chair not
heard by the Reporter.
Mr. RHETT remarked (is the Repeler under-
stood) that when he had offered his ir«tructions as
an amendment to the prepo«i ion of thr gentleman
from New Hampshire [Mr Atherton] he (Mr
R ) had expressly declared that he did si with a
view of opening the whole subject, and withdrew
the same.
So the instructions were withdrawn
Mr. FILLMORE thereupon modified his re olu-
tion (in aecordance with the suggestion heretofore
made by Mr. Sampson Mason) to read a¡> follow
Resolved That so much thereof as relate  to discriminating
dutiPa and domestic manufactures be referred to the Committee
on Manufactures
A brief conversation ensued between the Speaker
and Mr Underwood on a question of order
When ihe q íestion on seconding the demand for
the previous question was taken, (by toiler , Messrs
Sollers of Maryland, and Taliaferro of Virginia
acting in that capacity )
And the SPEAKER announced the vote as fol-
lows—ayes 88, noes 88, [a tie ]
And the SPEAKER voted in the affirmative
So the vote stood ayes 89, noes 88
And there was a second to the demand for tbe
previous question.
The question then recurred on ordering tne main
question.
Mr. RHETT asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered
Mr. ARNOLD rose and appealed to the House
not to sustain the demand for the previous ques-
tion. He had himself a great desire to make some
remarks He had been assailed personally id the
course of the debate, and the State which he in
part represented had been assailed He hoped he
would be allowed tbe privilege of reply.
The SPEAKER said the question was not deba-
table.
Mr. ARNOLD said he was aware of that fact.
He had merely wished to appeal to the House not
to withhold the opportunity of reply.
The SPEAKER, in reply to a question by Mr.
Hopkins, explained that, if the mam question
should not now be ordered, the effect would be 'o
throw the subject-matter over for this day, and the
question would again be opened for debate to-
morrow.
Mr. LEWIS" WILLIAMS. It comes up pre-
cisely as it was to day?
The SPEAKER assented.
And the question, "Shall the mam question be
now putt" was taken, and decided in the affirma-
tive as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Allen, LandaffW.
Andrews, Sherlock J Andrews, Aycngg, Babcock,
Baker, Barnard, Barton, Beeson, Blair, Boardman,
Borden, Bnggs, Brockway, Bronson, Jeremiah
Brown, Burnell, Calhoon, Casey, Childs, Chitten-
den, John C Clark, Staley N. Clarke. Coles,
Cooper, Cowen, Cravens, Garrett Davis, Dsberry,
Everett, Pessenden, Pillmote, A. Lawrence Pos-
ter, Gates, Giddmgs Goggm, Patrick G Goode,
Graham, Granger, Green, Gustme, Gwm, William
S. Hastings, Henry, Hudson, Hunt, William W.
Irwin, Ja ¡,es, Cave Johnson, John P. Kennedy,
Lane, Lawrence, Linn, Samson Mason, Mathtot,
Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynard, Morrow, Osborne,
Owsley, Parmenter, Pendleton, Powell, Ramsey,
Benjamin Randal), Alexander Randal', Ridgway,
Rodney, William Russell, J N. Russell, Salton-
s all, Shepperd, Stmonton, Slade, Truman Pmi'h,
Sollers, Stanly, Stokely, Stratton, Alexander H H
Stuart, John T. Stuart, Summers, Taliaferro, John
B Thompson, Richard W Thompson, Tillmghast,
Tolaod, fomlmson, Tnplett, Trumbull, Van Rens-
selaer, Wall&ce, Washington, Watterson, Thomas
W. Willtaois, Lewis Williams, Wmthrop, Au-
gustus Young, and John Young—101
NAYS—Messrs Arnold, Atheiton, Bidlack,
Bowne, Boyd, Brewster, Aaron V Brown, Milton
Brown, Burke, Sampson H Butler, William But-
ler, William O Butler, Green W, Caldwell, Pal-
rick C Caldwell, John Campbell, William B
Campbell, T J. Campbell, Carothers, Chapman
Clifford, Clinton, Cross, Cu«mng, Daniel, Richard
D Davis, Dawt>on, Dean, Doan, Doig, Eastman,
John C. Edward-, Fern?, John G Ployd, C A
Floyd Pornanc, Thomas P. Forer, Gamble, Gen
try, Wi 1 am O Goode, Gordon, Habersham, Har
ris, John Hasting*, Hays, Holmes, Hopkins,
H uck, H iu tor, Hubard, Hunter, James Irvm,
Jack, William Cost Johnvon, Andrew Kennedy,
L«wi-, Lowell, Abraham McClellan, Robert Mc
C'ellan, MfKaj, Marchand, Alfred Marshall,
Mathews, Medill, Meriwether, Miller, Morris,
Newhard, Payne, Plainer, Pope, Proffit, Reding,
Reynolds, Rhett, Riggs, Rogers, Roosevelt, San
ford, Saunders, Shaw, William Smith, Snyder,
Steeniod, Sumter, Sweeney, Jacob Thompson,
Turner, Underwood, Van Buren, Ward, Warren,
Wellei, Westbrook, James W Williams, Chnsto
nher H Will ar¡i&, Joseph L. Williams, and
Woo 1- 97
So the mam question was ordered to be now
put.
And the mai i question being first on the amend-
ment of Mr  Atherton—
Mf. BRIGGS was understood to submit to the
Speaker that the motion of the gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Atherton] was a distinct
proposi'ion to ref^r the subject to another com
mtttee, that it was to be regarded in the light of
a dis met ••um, and that th  question must first be
put on the committee fir t named
The SPEAKER decided otherwise, seeing, he
said, nothing in the rule to give preference to tne
Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. WOOD moved that the House adjourn
Mr FILLMORE asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
And the names of a few members having b^en
called—
Mr. WOOD, by general consent, withdrew his
motion to adjourn
The question taen recuned on the main ques
tion, being first on the amendment of Mr. Ather
ton to strike out from the resolution of Mr Fill-
more the words "Comirittee on Manufactures,"
and insert in 1 eu thereof the words "Committee of
Ways and Means."
Mr GRAHAM, of Nor h Carolina, asked the
years and nays-, which were ordered, and, being
taken, resulted as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Atherton, Bowne, Boyd, Brew-
ster, Aaron V. B'own, Milton Brown, Burke,
Sampson H. Butler, William Butler, William 0.
Butler, Green W Caldwell, Patrick C. Caldwell,
John Campbell, William B. Campbell, Thomas
J. Campbell, Caruthers, Cary, Cassy, Chapman,
Clifford, Clinton, Coles, Cross, Daniel, Richard D.
Davis, Dawson, Dean, Deberry, Doan, Doie, Ea«-
man, John C. Edwards, Egbert, Perns, John <3.
Floyd, Charles -A. Ployd, Thomas P. Poster,
Gamble, Gentry, Goggm, William 0 Goode, Gra-
ham, Gwm, Habersham, Harris, John Hastings,
Hays, Hopkios, Hoack, Houston, Hubard, Hun-
ter, William Cost Johnson, Cave Johnson, An-
drew Kennedy, Lewis, Lowell, Abraham Mc-
Clellan, Robert McClellan, McKay, Alfred Mar-
shall, Mathews, Medill, Meriwether, Miller, Payne,
Proffit, Reding, Reynolds, Rhett, Riggs, Rogers,
Roosevelt, Sanford, Saundeis, Shaw, Shepperd,
William Smith, Steenrod, A. H. H Stuart,
John T. Stuart, Sumter, Siveney, Taliaferro,
Jacob Thompson, Turney, Van Buren, Ward,
Warren, Washington, Watterson, Weller, Chris-
topher H. Williams, Joseph L Williams, and
Wood—95
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Alien, Laadaff W.
Andrews, Sherlock, J Andrews Arnold, Babcock,
Baker, Beeion, Bidlack, Birdseye, Blair, Board-
man, Borden, Bngas, Brockway, Bronson, J.
Brown, Burnell, Calhoun, Childs, Chutenden,
John C Ciark, S'aiey N Clarke, Cooper, Cowen,
Cranston, Cravens, Cusbiag, Garrett Davis, Eve-
rett, Fessenden, Fillmore, Fornance, A Lawrence
Foster, Gates, Giddmgs, Patrick G Goode,
Granger, Green, Gus me, W S Has mgs, Henry,
Hudson, Hunt, James Irvm, William W Irwin,
Jack, James Keim, John P. Kennedy, Lane,
Lawrence Linn, Marchand, T. F Marshall,
Samson Mason, Maihiot, Mattocks, Maxwell,
Maynard, Morris, Morrow, Newhard, Osborne,
Owsley, Parmenter, Partridge, Pendleton, Plumer,
Pope, Powell, Rimsay, Benjamin Randall, Alex-
aider Randall, Ridgway, Rodney, William Rus-
sell, Jaaies M Russell Salionsiall, Simonton,
Siade, Truman Sipi h, Snyder, Stanly, Stokely,
S'ratton, Summers, John B Thompson, Richard
W Thotrpson, Tillmghast, Toland, Tomlinson,
Tnplett, Trumbull, Underwrod, Van Rensselaer,
Wallace, Westbrook, Thomas W. Williams
James W Williams, Lewis Williams, Wmihrop,
Augustus Young, and John Young—104
So tne amendment was rejected.
And 'he question recurred and was taken on the
modified resolution of Mr Fillmore, and it was
adopted without a division.
So it was
Resolved That so much thereof [i e of the President's mes
sage] as relates to discriminating duties and domestic manufac
tures be referred to the Committee on Manufactures
[Note —For the information of the general
reader, the Reporter annexes the names of the
members composing the committee
Committee on Manufactures —Messrs Leverett
Saltonstall of Massachusetts, Josrph L Til-
linghast oí Rhode Island, Joseph F Randolph of
New Jersey, William Slade of Vermont, Hiram
P. Hont of New York, Thos. Henry of Pennsyl-
vania, Richaud W. Habehsham of Georgia,
Aaron V Brown of Tennessee, Patrick C Cald-
well of South Carolina.]
Mr. BRIGGS moved that the House adjourn,
but waived the motion at the request of
The SPEAKER, who laid betore the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting a report ir m F R. Hassler, esq. superin-
tendent of the coast survey, showing the progress
made in the work up to this time. Laid upon the
table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ADAMS moved a few extra copies for the
use of Mr Hassle-, vthich gave n^e toa conver-
sation between Mr A. and Mr CUSHING, (and
scarcely heard by tbe Rerorier )
At the earnest solicitation of Mr ADAMS, the
House took ud and adopted seiiahm tte following
resolutions, composing t>ie residue of those origi-
nally offe ed by Mr Fillmore, fer the reference of
the Pre«ident's mes age
6   Resolved, That bo much thereof as lelates to Ihe plan of
finance be referre \ to the select comm uee on ihu subject
7   Resolved, That so much thereof as relates to the Army,
tor ifications and 1 lorida war, be referred to the Commmee on
Military Affairs, and that such pans of the documents accom
panymg Uhe message as relate to the establishment of a
National foundry, be referred to the select committee on that
subject.
•>■
