CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.
■38®*^
8. -Resolved, That so much thereof as relates to the Navy
and maritime defences of the country be leferred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs                                      ,                ,
9 Resolved, That so much thereof as relates to the Post
Officeestablishmentberelerred to the Committee on the l'ost
Office and Post Roads.
10.  'Resolved, That so much thereof as relates to the Smith-
sonian legacy be referred to the select committee on that sub-
ject.
11.  Resolved, That so much thereof d* relates to the District
of Columbia be referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
The following additional resolution was offered
by Mr. COOPER of Pennsylvania, and adopted:
Resolved, That so much of the President's message and ac-
companying documents as relates to Indian affairs; also that so
much of the President's message as was referred to the Com-
mittee onlndian Affairs at the late extia session and not then
acted upon, be again referred to said committee.
And then, on motion of Mr. BRIGGS,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesdat, January 4,1841.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition from citi-
zens of Buffalo, in the State of New York, pray-
ing that Congress will, by a resolution, request the
President of the United States to intercede in be-
half of the American prisoners now confined at
Van Dieman's land, in Australia.
Mr. MANGUM, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported in favor of printing the report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, and the
message from the. President touching the question
of mutual right of search.
Mr. McRORERTS presented a petition from ci-
tizens of Illinois, praying for the establishment oí a
mail route from Jersey ville to---------, in that S'a e:
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented the petition of
Roger Barrow, praying for the arrearages of pen-
sions due to his father, for services rendered by him
during the Revolution: referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the Committee on
Claims was discharged fro in the consideration of
the memorial of Captain Wm H Shreve, and aU
the papers referred to a select committee of fiie, to
be appointed by the Chair.
On motion of Mr. PIERCE, it was ordered that
the pe'ition of Lydia Rose, praying the revival and
continuation of the pension under the law of 1838,
be taken from the flies, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
On the motion of Mr. PIERCE, it was resolved
that the Committee on Public Lands be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill
for the relief of the heirs and legal representatives
of John Peter, deceased.
On motion of Mr. STURGEON, it was ordered
that the papers relauns to the c'aim of John C.
Reynolds, be taken irom the files and leferred to
the Committee on Indian Affai's.
On motion olMr. SMITH o* Icdiara, ordered
that the petition and papers of Zadock Smith oi
Indiana, for service? on the Cumberland Road, be
taken from the files ai>d referred to the Committee
on Claim?.
Mr. SMITH ai-o introduced a rcSv>._i.op, v,h oh
was adopted, oiitciing an lnqany ii"o the eip^ i-
ency of granting bounty 1-nd to .he heirs of Archi-
bald Parker, deceased, cf Indiana, who vizs a sol-
dier of the late war.
On motion of Mr. LINN, it was ordered,
Tha* the petition of Tacras M. Isett, pray-
ing to have refunded him the amount ot pur-
chase money paid 'or a tract of land illegally sold
by the Reg s'er and R°ceiver at Byilmpton, Iowa,
be taken from the files of the S-'ena'e and referred
to the Commi tee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. LINN,
Resolved, That the S^cr^taiv of the Tiea^uy sent! to L te cc
nate a statement of the ciuant t> of public lai ih in M¡¿=ottn, ic
served from sate in C3^ w'leie the lines of private <mnev ot
claims derived from Fianc and S,iain interfeie tm ti pubi'c
surveys, and whether m !)u opinion, such itac.ional pai sot
the public domain are lutb.e to th* opeiation of am me em(
Hon laws, and wlia'miuiv wouU lesu t to pubic 01 p' \a*e
rights byextendn „ ihe bcii^a ol cuch a law to the settiei* tn
such fractions
Mr. LINN submitted the following rero'utio-1,
which, as it would no doubt give rise to debate, he
moved to lay on the table for the presen':
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re
guested to give, the notice to the British Government which the
convention of 1839 requires, in order to put an* end to the treaty
for the joint occupation of Oregoo, west of the Rocky Moun-
tains andwhich territory is now possessed and used by the British
Hudson Bay Company, to the rum of the American Indian
and fur traders in that quarter, and conflicting with our inland
commerce with the internal provinces of Mexico.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pub-
Lands, moved that that Qommittee be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
John S. Day, a Canadian refugee, praying an al-
lowance of bounty land for his services as a volun-
teer ia the late war with Great Britain.
At the request of Mr. YOUNG, the question
of discharging the committee was laid over for the
present.                        •
Mr. WALKER presented the memorial of the
Grand Gulf Railroad Company, relative to the re-
mission and refunding of duties on railroad iron:
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. McROBERTS, from the Committee on the
Po-st Office and Post Roads, reported back to the
Senate without amendment, Ihe bill for the relief
of H. Cunningham.
Mr. YOUNG, on leave, introduced a bill to
amend the 8th section of the act appropriat-
ing the proceeds of the sales of the public lands
among the States, and granting pre-emption rights
to settlers; which provides for the disposal of the
proceeds to be distributed among the States for the
purpose of internal improvernen1, so teat the Go-
vernor of Illinois may proceed mthe execution of
his duty without convening the Legislature of that
Sist<; uhich was read a first and a second time,
and referred to' the Committee on the Pablic
La ids.
P tiúons were al-~o presented by Mr. CHOATE,
and Mr, KER: the names of the petitioners and the
pu' ort of the petitions were not heard.
Tue following engrosad bills were taken up,
re? d the third time, arid pas-ed, viz:
The bill aHowing drawbacks on merchadise ex-
posed in original packages to Chihuahua and
Sa- ia Fe pi Mexico;
Trie bill to provide for ths aliowpr.ee of invalid
pensions to ce1 tain Cherokee warriors, under the
provinons of the 14th Article of the treaty of
1835; and
The bi 1 granting a pension to William Rand.
The bill granting a pension to Margaret Barnes,
the widow of Elijah Barnes, was taken up as in
committee of the is hole, but was laid by without
action thereon.
Engrossed bill for the relief of Mary Snow was
taken up, as in Committee of the Whole.
On motion of Mr. KING, the report was read.
Mr. BATES remarked that the b 11 ha-* passed
the Sanóte before; snd he believed 'he evidence on
which the oom-nit'e  caire to the conclusion to re- i
port the hill, would be found satisfactory.                '
Mr. KING said, if the evidence was satisfactory, j
it was a proper subject for 'he ?c icn of the Pension j
Dejartment. The Cumm-ssioaer, however, had ¡
refused to pa-s favcpbly upon the claim, because j
th<^ evidence to sustain it was rot sufficient. It ivas i
wring in piincipla to lake up those cases rei-cted )
ty the Department for the want of evidence, ?nd
pai=! them her*. It s^n'.d nnt be ex'ed oi>, out
be r'f"i "d 1 rck to ti e Di rar meat
51'. SATES replied that the cv.tbnee was such
cs 'n «at'sty the commivite that tts claim of tie
widow to a pension was ]u«t; dnt it had he-cto-
fo-p passed the Seuate, and at otivr times the
House
Mr. CALHOUN th u;ht¡Vt 'hey ought not to
appcA' from the d^ci* .on of the De-arment, th<4
lb; rules cf etid'nee established by it to p event
fiauds should no' be set asiie by the legislation of
Congress.
Mr. FIERCE spoke of the hardships growing
on r; ¡he amen i í the Depai irrent in some cases
The C< mrai'tee on Pensions, he contended, was
ccu'ti'uted ior tie expre, puipose of taking into
c u^derai om c^ims in themselves just, that
could not le admitted by the Depanmen',
owing t3 the strictness of the rules of evidence
He wa> glad to see the vigilance of the Senatcr from
Alabama [Mr. Kino] and the Sena or from South
Carolina [Mr. Cam us.] Htr aareed with them
that great vigilance was necessary to prevent the
patsage of fraudulent claims through the instru-
mentality of agents.    This_c!aim. had been -ex-
amined by him and found to bea ja$t case.
Mr. KING replied that the report, accom-
panying the bill, states that the Commi^íoít-
er of Pensions rejected the bill because. f&aÉ
there was no evidence that there were«. ser-
vices performed after his marriage. If. «¡are
was any such evidence, the claim should be
referred back to the Commissioner; and if the evi-
dence was good, he had no donbt the Commissioner
would render full justice, ¿f the claim w%s an
equitable one, and had beea rejected by him on
technical grounds, then there would be propriety*
in the committee reversing his decision; but if it
was rejected on the broad ground of principle,
then that decision should not b« set aside. When-
ever a subject was a proper one for the action of
the Department, it should not be taken from it.
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, ths bill was laid
o a the table.
The bill for the relief of Joseph Basselt was then
taken up by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. CALHOUN remarked that this was another
case which had been rejected by the Department,
because ihere was not sufficient evidence of service.
H« hoped it would also be laid on the table. He
knew, by exp nenre, of the various frauds which
were attempted to be committed by the ingenuity
of agents through testimony, who purchased up
the claims t roughout (he country. He was for
throwing aU sach claims back upon the proper
Depaitment. wherc'frauds could be more readily
detected.
Mr. B-VTESremaiM that the rules of the De-
partment wcie so strict that in many cases injus-
tice w 's dor e. Ths committee was satisfied frota
the evidence that the o'ati) was a just one. The
evidence was not conclu ive as to any specfic
length of service, but was sufficiently strong for
th? committee to assume the fa-1 that he served
two years at leist. He hid no objection to lajing
the bill on the table Ul it could be examined by
the Senator from South Carolina.
Mr. CALHOUN asked, was not the Senator
aware of the fact that cases of this nature are fre-
quently referred by the Commissioner to the Se-
cretary of War, who sometimes relaxes where
there was equity m the claim? He had done so
where there was a ra'ional doubt.
Mr. BATES replied that the Commissioner or
Secretary never relaxed.
Mr. CALHOUN recounted the abuses undsr the
pension law, and much arose out of the testimony
where there was no record, and where they have to
depend oa the msmorj; and they all knew how
dun aid imperfect that was when the advanced
a^e of tho«e testi-ying was considered.
Mr PIERCF, to show how far the head of the
D^p^rtment had reiaied, slated that he had re-
fused the claim, but eent a letter to the commit-
tee, in which he stated it >. as probably a case of
eqr.tv.
Mr CVLHOUN i marked fiat it -«as nota
cue-turn   i <qu'7, bat merely a question oí testi-
I  rr.o'iv.   lie cerc'udei by moving to lay the bill on
I  In  ¡able: \ hica was iciired by a>es 13, noes 14.
TLi ad ".as then icpciied to the Ssnate, without
i amEi. men'; ard th* question beoig, "Siali the bill
|  b"- ebgross^d tor a th rd reading'" on that
Mf CALHOUN d-nsnded the yeas and nays;
wr'iclt wcr  ordered.
Mr PRENTISS farther explained the nature of
ihe c'aio). Tne Commi'cioncr refused to grant the
p ns'on to tie widow, because the testimony did
not pi ove an) sptciiic length of service of the hus-
band. Tre i bj.ctoi the committee was, to review
I C3 es it vrh.ch eirorj urght be comraitted by the
i   Conwii'-SH n<.r.
Mr CVLHOUN said, as there was not proof that
he h.d atrved ihe pi-.ei«e time of two years, or any
pa..icuU'r lir.e, but that he hsd served some time,
I  i,e d.d >-ot th'iik the committee could correctly as-
,  turne that he had served two years.    He hoped the
'  bill would be laid on the table.
The }.eas and nays were then ordered on the
question; and were—yeas 27, nays 13.
So the bill was ordered to be engro'^d for a
third reading«
