CC^fGasES^lONAL GtOBB.
fact—that the qnestien was reduced to one of sim-
ple reference, and that it was upon that question
that a. motion had been made to lay on the table,
which motion had been rejeced Then recurred
the question of reference bimply. Then came the
motion, for a call of the House; and then the pro-
pensity to debate of the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Meriwether. ]   [Laughter.]
To him (Mr. A.) it was a matter of indifference.
He was willing that the question should be taken
either with or without instructions; he cared for no-
thing but for the decision of the House whether
the petition ihould be referred to a select committee
or not.
The SPEAKER considered that the issue on the
point of fact was not very material. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Vlr. Adams] might be
correct, or the Speaker might. All that was said
upon the floor was not and could not be heard by
the Speaker.
The question now would be on the amendment
of the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. WISE said he had not yet understood that
the Speaker had decided the point of order raised
by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
The SPEAKER    It 11 withdrawn.
Mr. ADAMS said he had not withdrawn 1', the
Speaker had misunderstood him
Mr WISE said that if the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr Adams] had withdrawn thp point
of order, he (Mr W ) would have renewed it Hf
had been listening for some time to try and
find out what were the facts of the case, and what
was the true question before the House.
The SPEAKER said if the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr Wise] would suspend his remarks for
a moment, the Speaker would state the facts, p'e
raising that he would only be governed in this ca<-e
by his own recollection, and the state of facis as
they appeared on the ] >urna!
The gentleman from Massachusetts, on a for-
mer day, had presented this petition, and moved, as
the journal would show, that it be referred to a se-
lect commutes, with instructions Upon this ques-
tion of reference with instructions, debate was de-
manded by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Me-
riwether ] which, by the rule, threw the question
over, and it had stood over to this time. The gen-
tleman from Georgia now moved an amendment to
those infractions thus moved by the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr Adams,] and the gentle-
man from Massachusetts now raised the point of
order whether this amendment could be received
The Speaker decided that it ought to be received.
Mr. WISE said he thought that the amendment
of the gentleman fr< m Georgia was wholly out of
order, and 'f the Speaker deeded that it was m
order, he (Mr W ) mo t vole against tt * decision
He would sooner vote fr-r the eripira1 propo • ion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts than fot the
amendment of the gentleman from Georgia In
the first place, it was out of order It was upo*> a
subject wholly different from that embraced m the
proposmon of the gent!em?n fiom Massachusetts
The gentlemaa from Massachusetts, was annng at
wba 1 To repeal the 91st rule—to repeal a re-
striction on one participar sviljecf, contained m
the body of (he ruies, that was the least, and he
(Mr W ) was about to sav the l?st, of the gentle-
man's propositions It was to raise a committee
on the g neral subject of slavery here and else-
where And wlnt did the aentleman from Gecgia
propose' A commit ee to report a general system
of rule .
The SPEAKER Do I unders and th° gentle-
man to appeal IroTi the decsionof the Chair'
Mr. WISE said no, hf understood tue gent'e-
man from Massachusetts. [Mr. Adams] as making
a point of order, ana he (*4t W ) was sustaining
and seconding it
The SPE-iKER T^e frent'eroan from Massa-
chusetts has not appea'ed from the decís on of the
Chair
Mr WISE I have not tmders'ood the Speaker
as having vet decided
Tne SPEAKER    The  Chair has decided that
the amendmeut of the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr Meriwether] should be received
Mr. WISE appealed, then, from ths decision.
The amendment irfthe first place was out of order,
because not one of the propositions contained in it
touched the subject-matter of the proposition of the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr ARNOLD inquired of the Speaker, what
the question was? Had an appeal been taken?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr WISE proceeded. He contended that the
revisal of the general system of rules bad nothing
to do with the proposition of the gentleman from
Massachusetts
What was the second point of the gentleman
from Georgia? The abolition of the previous ques-
tion. He (Mr W.) had never been its advocate,
he had always warred against it But there was
one thing which was worse than the previous ques
tion—and that was embraced m the third point of the
gentleman from Georgia, it was the abolition of
the freedom of debate, the timing of men in the ex-
pression of their sentiments What had that to do
with the subject embraced in th<« proposition of
the gentleman from Massachuse ts? And the next
point of ihe genileman from Georgia was to de-
prive the minority of the right of speech—of the
propogation of opinion, of the exposition of opi-
nion, and of the charges and abuses of the Govern-
ment, when in Committee of th" Whole on the
state of the Union.
If the Speaker could show that there was the
least conscruity between either one of these points
and the one embraced in the nroposit on of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, he (Mr W)
would agree that the amendment was in order.
And, if it were in order so to do he would proceed
now to discuss the merits of each one of these pro-
positions.
The SPEAKER said it would not Be 111 older
now to do so
Mr WISE At the suggestion of a friend, I
withdraw my appeal from the decision of the
Chatr, and mo/e to lay the whole subject on the
table.
Mr ARNOLD inquired of the Speaker if it was
in order to move a modification of the pioposition?
The SPEAKER replied that it was not now in
crder
Mr ARNOLD expressed the hope that the gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr Meriwether] would
consent so to modify his proposition as to strike
out that portion of it which related to the abolition
of the previous question With that modification,
he (Mr. A) would vote in favor of the proposi-
tion
The SPEAKER said that if the motion to lay
on the table should be voted down, it would be in
the power of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr
Arnold] himself to move an amendment such as
he hid suggested
Mr ARNOLD repeated his suggestion to Mr.
Meriwether.
Mr  WISE ca!l~d for the qa^slion
Mr. ADAMS submitted to ih^ Soeaker thH the
House had already decided once not to lay the ques-
tion on the table
Í he SPEAKER     3%t in this shape
Mr. ADAMS What is the difference in tue
shape'
Mr WISE eilled for the question
Mr ADAMS said, not yet He wished to go
one step further back,
Mr A was then understood to say, that he had
not understood the Speaker as decid.ng the pr po
smon of the gentleman from Georgia 10 be m
order And if the Speaker said that he had so de-
cided, he (Mr A ) would appeal from the dec sion
The Speaker had said he had decided, bu' he had
not.   [Loud rr e3 to order.]
Mr WISE hoped the Speaker would demand
ordi-r in the Hou«e
The SPE \KER said there was no d fficul'y be-
tween the gontleman fern Massachusetts and the
Char.
Mr ADAMS The Speaker said he had de-
cided, but he had not. I certainly should have ?p-
pealed instantly
A conversat on here arose, involving the state of
facts, which was participated in by Messrs WISE,
ADAMS, FILLMORE, WINTHROP, and the
SPEAKER.
When Mr JAMES asked the yeas and nays on
the motion of Mr. Wise to lay the  whole subject
on the table.
And they were ordered
[A message in writing was received from the
Presidentof the United S'ates, by ihe bands of
Robert Tyler, esq his Secretary ]
Mr. BIDLACK called for the reading of the
proposition of Mr. Meriwether, which having
been read—
The question on the motion of Mr Wisk was
taken, and decided in the affirmative by the follow-
ing vote
YEAS—Messrs. Landaff, W Andrews, Ather-
ton, Barton, Beeson, Bidlack, Bowne, Boyd,
B'ewster, Aaron V Brown, Milton Brown,
Charles Brown, Burke, S. H Butler, William
Butler, William 0. Butler, Green W. Caldwell,
Patrick C Caldwell, John Campbell, Wm. B.
Campbell, Thomas J. Campbell, Caraihers, Cary,
Casey, Chapman, Clifford, Clinton, Coles, Darnel,
Garrett Davis, Richard D Davi , Dawson, Dean,
Deberry, Doan, Doig, Eastman, John C. Edwards,
Egbert, Ferris, Charles A Floyd, Fornance,
Thomas F Foster, Gamble, Gilmer, Goggin,
William 0. Goode, Gordon, Graham, Green, Gwin,
Habersham, Harris, John Hastings, Hays, Holmes,
Hopkins, Houck, Houston, Hubard, Hunter,
Jack, Wm C Johnson, Cave Johnson, Keim,
John P. Kennedy, Lane, Abraham McClellan,
Robert McClellan, McKay, Marcband, Alfred
Marshall, J. T. Mason, Matthews, Medill, Meri-
wether, Miller, Moore, Newhard, Owslej,Par-
menter, Payne, Pope,Powell, Proffit, Reding, Rej-
nolds, Riggs, Saunders, Shaw, Sheppe.d, Snyder,
Sollers, Stanly, Steenrod, Summers, Sumter, Swe-
ney, Taliaferro, J, B Thompson, Riehard W.
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Turney, Van Buren,
Ward, Warren, Washmgto s Watterson, Wtller,
Westbrook, James W. Williams, Lewis Wil-
liam*, Christopher H Wi hams, Joseph L Wil-
liams, Wise, and Wool—115
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Allen, Sherlock J.
Andrews, Arnold, Babcock, Baker, Barnard,
Btrlseye, Blair, Boardman, Borden, Briggs,
Brockway, Bronson, J Brown, Burnell, Calhoun,
Childs,Chittenden,J C.Clark,S.N.Clarke,Cooper,
Cowen,Crans on, Craven%Cushing, J thn Edwards,
Evereit, Fessenden, Fillmore, John Ct Floyd,
A. Lawrence Foster, Gates, Giddmgs, Patrick G.
Goode, Granger, Gustme, Hall, William S.
Ha&tmgs, Henrj, Hudson, Hunt, James Irvin,
William W. Irvvm, James, Andrew Kennedy,
Lawrence, Lmn, Lowell, Samson Mason, Mathiot,
Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynard, Morris, Morrow,
Osb<rne, Partridge, Pendleton, Plumer, Ramsey,"
Benjamin Randall, Alexarder Randall, Randolph,
Ridgway, Rodney, Wm Ru-. ell, James M Rus-
•ell, Salionsuall, Simonton, Slade, Truman Smith,
Stokelv, Stratton A H H Smirt, John T Stu-
art, Tilhcghast, Tolacd, Truaibull, Underwood,
Van R*n selaer Wimh op, Augustus, Young, and
John Young —84
So the whr'c subj-ct wa« l=td on the table
[ A *r>e=s>tge was reenved from the Senate, an-
nouncing the passage of cert, n bi'ls, (the titles of
wmch were not heard by ih. Rep rtcr,) and asking
the concurrence of this House therein See Seriate
proceedings ]
The SPEAKER said that there were on the table
about twenty pen ions, presen t i on the same day,
and on the same subject mi ter ¡¡s that just disposed
of, and wl icn, debate being demand-d, had al 0
been ordered to he over No question had been
raised, but debate being demanaed, they were left,
supposing that tne decision of the question just
taken would dispone of them also
Mr. GAMBLE moved that tney be all laid on the
tab e.
Mr ADAMS asked the yas and nays on the
lajmg the fmi of the series on the table, which
were ordered
And the roll having been called ihiot gh—
Mr STANLY (pending thf annuciaiion of ihe
vo'e) rose and dtsired to be informed bj the Speak-
er at what stage of the procsedings it would be in
ordT to mol e fiat gentlemen who bad no: voted,
should be called upon to do se?
His object tn making the inquiry was, that there
