CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
«Jt
were certain supporters of Martin Vari Bnren who
had been desirous of makiifg political capital oat of
this question, who had not voted.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman was not in
order.
Mr.-STANLY said there were gentlemen on this
floor—one from New York especially—who had
not voted. He (Mr. S.) had made the inquiry in
order that these gentlemen might be compelled to
vote.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right to
demand that any gentleman who was within the
bar shall vote.
Mr. STANLY. A Representative from the city
of New York did not vote on this question, and I
think he should be compelled.
[Cries—Name him.]
The SPEAKER, (addressing Mr. Stanly)
Will the gentleman give the name?
Mr. STANLY.   Yes; Mr. Roosevelt.
Mr. ROOSEVELT (addressing Mr. Stanly)
was understood by the Reporter to say, *'Ii'you
want my sentiments on that question, you shall
have them.
Mr. STANLY. No; I want your vote; for you
have sometimes voted both ways.
The SPEAKER called to order, and read the 40th
rule, (new edition,) which is as follows:
"Every member who shall be in the House when the question
is put shall give his vote, unless the House, for special reasons,
shall excuse him.-*5
iVlr. STANLY said lie would not press the mat-
ter.   He only wished to call attention to the fact.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I am happy to find that my
vote is of so much importance to the gentjernan
from Nonh Carolina.
Mr. STANLY said the sentleman's vote was of
no importance to him (Mr. S.) that he knew of,
nor to any body else.
The SPEAKER then announced the vote—ayes
103, noes 87, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Lsmdaff W. Andrews, Athrrion,
Barton, Beeson, Bidlack, Boyd, Aaron V. Brown,
Milton Brown, Charles Brown, Burke, Samson
H. Butler.Wm. Butier,Wm.O. Butler, P. C. Cald-
well, John Campbell, William B. Campbell, Thos,
J. Campbell, Caruthers. Carey, Casey, Chapman,
Clifford, Coles, Cross, Daniel, Garrett Davis, R.
D. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Deberry, Doig, East-
man, John C. Edwards, Charles A. Floyd, Thos.
P. Foster, Gamble, Gilmer, Goggin, William 0.
Gfoode, Gordon, Graham, Gwin, Habersham,
Hays, Holmes, Hopkins, Houck, Houston, Hu-
bard, Hunter, Jack, William Cost Johnson, Cave
Johnson, Isaac C. Jrae?, Keim, John P. Kennedy,
Lewis, Abraham McClellan, McKay, Marchanr],
JonnT. Mason, Matthews, Meditl, Meriwether,
Miller, Moore, Newhard, Owsley, Payne, Pope,
Powell, Reding, Reynolds, Riggs, Saunders,
Shaw, Shepperd, William Smith, Snyder, Stanly,
Steenrod, John T. Stuart, Summers, Sumter,
Sweney,Taliafeno, John B. Thompson, Richard
W. Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Turney, Van-
Buren, Ward, Warren, Washington, Watterson,
Weller, Westbrqok, James W. Williams, Lewi;
Williams, Christopher H. Williams, Joseph L.
Williams, Wise, and Wood—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Sherlock J. An-
drews, Arnold, Babcock, Baker, Barnard, Birdseye,
Blair, Boardman, Borden, Brewster, Briggs,
Brockway, Bronson, Jeremiah Brown, Burnell,
Calhoun, Cbilds, Chiitenden, John C, Clark,
Slaley N. Clarka, Clinton, Cooper, Cowen,
Cranston, Cravens, Gushing, Everett, Ferris, Fes-
senden, Fillmore, John G. Floyd, A. Lawrence
Foster, Gates, Giddings, P. G. Goode, Granger,
Gustine, Hall, William S. Hastings, Henry, Hud-
son, Hunt, James Irvin.William W. Irwin, James,
Andrew Kennedy, Lawrence, L'nrt, Lowell, Ro-
bert'McClellan, Alfred Maishali, Samson Mason,
Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynard, Morris,
Morrow, Osborne, Parmenier, Partridge, Pendle-
ton, Plumer, Ramsey, B. Randal!, Alex. Ran-
dall, Randolph, Ridgway, Rodney, James M.
Russell, Saltonstall, Simonton, Slade, Truman
Smith, Stokely, Tillinghas!, Toland, Tomlmson,
Trumbull, Underwood, Van Rensselaer, Wal-
lace, Winthrop, Augustus Young, and John
Yet f-87.
So the petition was laid on the table.
The petition of S. S. Sheldon and 361 other?, of
New York Mills, presented heretofore by Mr.
Floyd of New York, coming up in its turn—
Mr. ADAMS (after some conversation with the
Speaker) asked for a vote oh all the petitions sería-
iim, though, he said, he would not call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. STANLY asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. ROOSEVELT appealed to the gentleman
who made the motion to lay on-the table to with-
draw it for a moment, to enable him to say a word
n explanation,
Mr. GAMBLE declined.
The question was then taken, and decided as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Laudar! W. Andrews, Ather-
ton, Barton, Beeson, Bidlack, Boyd, Aaron V.
Brown, Milton Brown, Burke, 3. R. Butler, Wil-
liam Batler, William O. Butler, Green W. Cald-
well, Patrick C. Caldwell, John Campbell, Wil-
liam B. Campbell, T. J. Campbell, Carutbers,
Carey, Casey, Chapman, Clifford Coles, Cross,
Daniel, Garrett Davis, Richard D Davis, Dawson,
Dean, Deberry, Doig, Eastman, John C. Edwards,
Charles A. Floyd, Thomas F. Foster, Gamble,
Gilmer, Qiggin, William A. Goode, Gordon,
Graharn,Gwin,Habersbam, Harris, Ha\s,Holmes,
Hopkins, Houck, Houston, Hubard, Hunter,
Jack, WilUirn Cost Johns.?n, Cave Johnson, Isaac
D. Jones. Keim, John P. Kennedy, King, Lane,
Lewis, Abraham McClellan, Robert McClellan,
McKay, Mavchand, John Thompson Mason, Me-
dill, Merwether, Miller, Moo.v, Newhard, Owsley,
Payne, Pope, Powell, Reding, Reym Ids, Riegs,
Roosevelt, Saunters, Shaw, Shepperd, William
Smith, S.iyder, Sollers, Stanly, Steenrod, John T.
Stuart, Summer";, Sumter, Sweney, Talkfprro,
Richard W. Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Tur-
ner, Van lloren. Ward, Warren, Washington,
Watteison, Weller, We.v.hrooU, James W. Wil-
liams, Lewis Williams Chriitopher H. Williams,
Joseph L, Williams, Wise, and Wood—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams. Allen, Sherlock J. An-
drews, Arnold, Babcock, Baker, Barnard, Birds-
eye, Boardman, Borden, Briggs, Brockway, Bron-
son, Jeremiah Brown, Burnell, Ca'houn, Childs,
Chittenden, John C. Clark, S. N. Clarke, Cl'inton,
Cooper, Cowen, Cranston, Cravens, Cushing,
Egbert, Everett, Ferris, Fsssenden, Fillmore,
Jonn G Floyd, A. Lawrence Foster, Gates, Gid-
dings,'Patrick G. Goode, Gustine, Hall, William
S. Hastings, Henry, Hudson, Hunt, J. Irvin, W.
W. Irwin, James, Andrew Kennedy, Lawrence,
Linn, Lowell, Alfred Marshall, Samson M&son,
Maihiot, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynard, Morris,
Morrow, Osborne, Parmerter, Partridge, Pendle-
ton, Plumer, Ramsey, Benjamin Randall, Ran-
dolph, Ridgway, Rodney, William Russell, J. M.
Russell, Salionstall, Simonton, Slade, Truman
Smith, Stekely, Tillinghast, Toland, Tnmlinson,
Trumtuil, Van Rensselaer, Wallace, Wmthrop,
Augustus Young, and John Young—S3.
So the petition was laid on the tab! .
Several other petitions, of the feries, were laid
on the table without a divivion; * hen the House
was suddenly brought up all standing on the
REFERENCE OP THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. ARNOLD rose to make a motion, which, he
said, might perhaps five offence to some of bis
friends, It was a privilesed motion. He moved
to reconsider the vote of yert-rday on the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr.
Athkrton] proposing to refer so mu.-h of the Pre-
sident's mes?age as related to the tariff to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
As he did not wish to detail gentlemen, and as
this was a little matter between himself and two of
the Representatives fromNew Hampshire, [Messrs.
Burke and Eastman,] and as the usual dinner hour
had nearly arrived, and gentlemen might wi'.h their
dinners, he would merely tax the gentlemen re-
ferred to and the Speaker to stay and hear what he
had to say. It was due to himself that he should
make this motion.
Mr. GIDDINGS inquired of the Speaker if this
motion was now in order?
The SPEAKER.   It is a privileged question,
and rides over all otíkersVxcépt the questi&rSFiHl-
journmerit.                        •   '           . „    . ,;    >-;
Mr. WISE inquired whether the question af tfe-
consideration was debatable; the House having;
by the previous question on the resolution*, eráééd
a determination to pat an end to the debate, and
whether it was not for the House fa decide whether
it would go into the question of .reconsideration-at
this time.     ■                     ,.         ■•-     ■ 6 • .'
Mr. ARNOLD said, as it was the píeasúre of
the House, he would go on now; and he should
not feel slighted if gentlemen did not remain- and
hear him. He had been assailed; he did not regard
that, but his State had been assailed, and his con-
stituents; and, which was the worst of all, his De-
mocratic constituents were assailed by a Demo-
cratic member on this floor. He was placed in
the awkward position of defending his Demo-
cratic constituents from the attacks of one pro-
fessedly a Democrat. His Demosratic constitu-
ents had been stigmatized as being neither able
to read or write; and if he were to'. sit by
here and not appear ia defence of them, it might be
said that it was owing to his political bias, and that
if they had been Whigs, he should have been fore-
most to defend them. This was oiie of the most
powerful stimulants to him to reply to the assault
made by the gentleman lrom New Hampshire' on
his constituents. He knew no difference between
his constituents on this floor; he represented them
alike, and when their interests were attacked—
when their reputation was a-sailed,' he held the
reputation of a Democrat who was one of his con-
stituents just as sacred as the reputation of a Whig;
there was no difference. He thought that the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire—if he might be per-
mitted to judge of so learned a gentleman, coming
from so learned a Stato—ind been on this occasion
exceedinely unfcKasais—
Mr. BURKE ineafrsA of the gentleman from
Tennessee if all his'constituents who were unable
to read and write were Democrat'?          *
Mr. ARNOLD said he would show the gentle-
man presently, when he came to that part of his
subject, that even his Democratic constituents were
as learned as they were in New Hampshire. He
remarked just now that the gentleman had been
exceedingly unfortunate on this occasion, for,
in assailing his (Mr. A's) constituents, he had
assailed one of his own friends. There was once,
said Mr. A. an Irishman of the name of Burke,
Edmund Burke, he believed, who was a very dis-
tinguished orator and statesman. There was also
another Burke, a Scotchman, who was distinguish-
ed in another line. Now, Mr. A. said, he did not
wish to transgress the rules of the House, but he
should like to know from which of the distinguish-
ed persons he had named, thegentleman from New
Hampshire | Mr. Burke] drew his lineage.
'Mr. BURKE said he would answer the gentle-
man's question in the Yankee way, by asking
him another. He would a:k the gentleman from
Tennessee if he drew his lineage from Benedict
Arnold.
Mr. ARNOLD. That was a real New Hamp-
shire trick. He regretted to see the gentleman
jo sensitive. He must apply to him that stale re-
mark,
"The gall'd jade winces,
Her withers are well wrung."
And thev would be better wrung before he left
them. The gentleman did not choose to answer,
and he (Mr A ) therefore took it for granted, from
the course pursued by him on this occasion, that
he claimed his lineage from this Scotch Burke, the
"resurrectionist," whose profession was to go about
' with banditti, and when they could not get a fresh
¡nave (o open, they took the living and clapped
'hem into a bag; and that was called "burking"
them. Hn supposed the gentleman thought he
would "Burke" him, (Mr. A.) but in attempting
to "Burk*" him the gentleman had been exceed-
ingly unfortunate, and had "Burked" his own
friends, had disinterred one of them, had raised or
resurrected [a laugh] one of them. He (Mr. A)
meant the distinguished member ot the Tennessee
Legislature, Mr. Dew. He wished to show a few
discrepancies of the speech of the honorable gentle-
man from New Hampshire, and would begin with,
