m                                      "    CON&ítESSÍONAL GLOBE.
hi  distinguished Democratic friend in the Tennes-
see Legislature.
Mr. BOWNE called the gentleman from Tennes-
see to order.
Mr. ARNOLD said it was too late in the day.
The SPEAKER requested th« gentleman to state
Ms peint of order.
Mr. BOWNE understood that the question was
on the motion to reconsider the vste of yesterday;
and what relation, he asked, have the remarks of
the gentleman to this question? How were they
germain or pertinent to the question? If they were
not, he objected to them. The dignity of this
House, as well as of the nation, required that such
a debate as they had had on ¡he main question, and
•was now attempted to be continued, should be put
an end to.
Mr. BURKE appealed to the gentleman from
New York to withdraw his point of order. He
■wished the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. An
mold] to be allowed to proceed
Mr STANLY said, if the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Bowne] had been anxious to preserve
the dignity of this House, and had come here a
week ago for this purpose, he (Mr S.) would have
gone with bim in it. Bat the debate had gone on
in the widest range, and the gentleman from Ten-
nessee considered himself and his constituents
grossly assaulted; and now common justice, de-
cency, and the dignity of this House required that
the gentleman should be allowed the same latitude,
in reply to what had been said on the mam ques-
tion.
Mr. BOWNE said that from domestic misfor-
tune he was not present when the discussion on
this subject took so wide a range. Hetaought this
latitude of discussion exceedingly improper, and
that justice to the country required that it thould
be put a stop to. He regretted that he could not
accede to the request of the gentleman from New
Hampshre.
The SPEAKER said that, strictly, the debate
was not in order, nor had been much of that al-
lowed on the mam question. The debate had wi-
dened out by degrees, and the Coair did not con-
sider himself, after the debate had gone on so far,
at liberty to arrest it now. The question of order
had been raised some days since by the gentleman
on his left, [Mr. G Davis,] and the Chair had not
at that time felt himself at liberty to arrest ihe de-
bate, so wide a range had been already allowed by
the House. As long as the remarks were not per-
sonal, the Chair could not arrest the debate.
Mr WM O BUTLER appealed from the deci-
sion of ihe Chair, and called the yeas and najs on
the appeal
Mr. CARY of Virginia wished to remind the
Hou*e, before taking ihe question on the app°a>,
that the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr
Athbrton] did not first assail the gentleman ¡rom
Tennessee, but that it was his reply to the assault
made on him and his noble State, that the gentle-
man from Tennessee cow sought again to reply to
He protested against the debate being al'owed to
go on any furthet, and hoped the dignity of the
House would suppress such discussion
Mr. ARNOLD wished the gentleman had thought
of the dignity of the Houssa littl  eat her.
Mr. WISE inquired if the Chair had decided
that these remarks were no m ordei?
The SPEAKER • Not strictly m order.
Mr. WISE «aid, during tne organization of ¡h s
House a latitude of dcDate had been allowed greatei
than u^ual, but the House, by the previous ques-
tion, had now cut off the debate—the majority had
already arrested it. And now the question was
raised entirely anew, whether such a debaie, wholly
irrelevant and ayowed to fee so, shou'd be renewed
again. When was it to stop' If the House let
one member rise and respond to remarks which
had been ma<'e on the debate of the mam question,
others mutt birpeimi'ted  o reply, in all fanner,
and where were they to «top? He hoped the House
would dispose of itis question of reference, and
let it stand where it was.
Mr GILMER had understood th* Chair to de-
cide that this debate was not m order, and inquired
if he was mistaken in this?
The SPEAKER said he had decided that, strictly
speaking, the debate was irrelevant, and would be
out of oráer, except for the indulgence that had
been already allowed by the House. The debate
had been permitted to take such a latitude that the
Chair now overruled the question ot order.
Mr. GILMER said when he arose he was under
the impression that the Chair had decided that the
debate was out of order, and was intending to sug-
gest that the member could not proceed without
leave of the House; and that the question of leave
would be fir«t in orjler, bef' re the question on the
appeal.
Mr. CHARLES BROWN said this was merely
a question whether they would reconsider the vote,
and this discussion was not now in order. He
trusted the course of debate would be stopped, and
then, when Ihe House had agreed to reconsider,
they would be in their original position, the ques-
tion be open to debate, and he should wish to de-
bate it.
Mr. ARNOLD said, of all gentlemen he had
ever seen on this floor, he thought the gentleman
from the precincts of Philadelphia [Mr. Brown]
ought to be the last to raise the question of írrele-
vaccy He had heard him [Mr Brown] make
many speeches, and his own friends had generally
said they had nothing to do with the subject.
Mr. FILLMORE desired to call attention to the
32d rule of the House, which he read, to show that
the question was not debatable.
The SPEAKER, in reply, ref-rred to another
rule, which, as he considered, authorized members
wishing, to speak once on the subject.
Mr. GILMER said, with perfect deference to
the Chair, he would propound a singb question.
He had undeistood the Chair to decide that this
debate was strictly out of order, and, notwithstand-
ing, the Chair permitted it to proceed He would
inquire of the Chair where he derived the authority
to permit a debate strictly out of order to proceed
at all'
Mr STANLY called the gen'leman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Gilmer] to order.
The SPEAKER replied that he could not arrest
the debate on his own respon^ibiii'y, after it had
been indulged by the universal leave and sanction
of the House.
Mr! ARNOLD said he merely wished to say in
justification of himself, and the Speaker would
bear witness to the tru'h of it, that at the begin-
ning of this debate no man had regretted it more
than he did, and seeing how it was widening by de-
grees, until it should cover the whole face of the
earth, he had gone to the Speaker to know if there
was not somp rule by which thev could stop this
discussion. The Speaker hid told him there was
not. He hfd b en obliged to submit, the debate
had gone on and on; and in reply to a few remarks
of the gentleman from New Hampshire, the whole
de'eaation of that State bad poured on h m their in-
dignation, and not only he, but h's eonsut'ients had
been most furiously assaulted; and now he was
utterly astonished that there should be an attempt
to cut him out of replying to these things. After
the debate had gone on to such a length that they
could not stop it, he had allowed gentlemen to go
on, the question of order was made on the gentle
man from New Hampshire—one of those who had
assaulted him (Mr A.) so furiously and fierce!},
and he had lb«n appealed to the gentleman 'r^m
Kentucky [Mr G Davis] to withdraw the question
of ordfr, and allow the gentleman to proceed. He
wished now to be allowed to reply to him.
Mr W W. IRWIN suc-seded, amongst many
compefitor°,in gaming the floor, ind said he wished
to s'ate his reasons for voting to sus Bin the deci-
sion of the Ghair.
Mr WM. 0. BUTLER said, ?s the appeal
would lead to a d-bate, he would v^iihdratv it.
IV*r BOWNE renewed the appeal.
Mr IRWIN then said he should sustain the de-
cision of the Chair, becau^p he wished the gentle
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Arnold ] and every
gentleman, to have full opportunity to say just what
they might pbase, and he wished, at som  future
period, when the rules of the House were all laid
aside, an opportunity of replying to some half do-
zen gentlemen, who had went off half-cocked at
him, misunderstanding and misrepresenting—un*
intentionally no doubt—what he had said.
Mr. WM. SMITH addressed an inquiry, which
was not understood, to the Chair. In reply to
which,
The SPEAKER said he had decided that he
could not arrest any debate which was in reply to
remarks that had been made.
Mr. SMITH asked if they, by permitting thi* de^
bate to go on, were to open a field for these gentle-
men to settle their private grieM Was this debate
to be re-opened for the purpose of enlightening the
public mind, or for gentlamen to settle their private
differences?
[Cries of "Question," "question," were heard
from many voices ]
The SPEAKER said the question would be on
the appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. SMITH further opposed the allowing this
debate to proceed; and said, if it should be re-open-
ed, he should desire an opportunity to speak.
Mr STANLY said this was only an extra al-
lowance, because the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Arnold] occupied a peculiar position.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia supposed, from the re-
mark of the gentleman from North Carolina, that
1-e had not as yet received the extra allowances
which he so much needed; but he promised the gen-
tleman that, before the end of the session, he should
receivs his full share of them.
Mr. STANLY. I am ready; and shall be very
glad to receive them.
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman shall certainly
have-them.
[Cries of "order," "order."]
Mr. PROFFIT, after repeated attempts, succeed-
ed m getting the floor, and said he presumed the
House would now see the necessity of coming to
something like order. [Laughter.] He referrsd
to the wide range of discussion that had been, and
would still be taken, if this debate were allowed to
go on, and wished the people to understand that the
House was now solemnly dehbsrating whether it
would let an illegal debate progress. He called the
yeas and nays on the appeal, and challenged on
the vote of yeas and nays an expression of opinion
of the House whether they should have order for
the next six months.
Several gentleman here addressed Ihe Speaker,
who decided that
Mr. BOWNE was entitled to the floor on the
appeal Mr B. s«d he did not propose to detain
the House but for a few remarks. The House
had wasted some eight or ten days of its time m
discussion of the simple question to what commit-
tee a portion of the President's message should be
referred. We had heard personal allusions, cri-
minations and recriminations; and where, during
all this time, was the dignity of the representatives
of the people of the United S'ates, here assembled?
They heard from one side of this hall the cry go
forth that the people were m distress, that ruin
stares them m the face, that the wheels of Govern-
ment will have to stop; and what were the pec pie's
representatives doing? Why, sitting here and
wasting time in a profitless discussion—a ducus.-
sion which would be proper at the proper time, but
was now wholly irrelevant and out of place By
the previous question the House had solemnly
said that the debate had endured ¡org enough, and
we now saw a gentleman getting up to move a re-
consideration of the vote, not to vote for the rec n-
sideration himself, but to open this bubj ct anpw;
not to speak on the question, but for personal at-
tacks on individual members of this Hou«e.
Th  Speaker had decided (hat this debate
was not strictly m order, but that it must be al-
lowed from the latitude already taken. Had this
decion been mide before the previous qirestion
was sustained by the House, he [Mr. ¡i J should
have submitted; but now that the debate had been
ended, and the question settled, it struck him that
the decision was a singular one. This matter
could profit them or the people nothing; and he
hoped for the honor of the House, and the credit
of the nation, that the decision of the Chair would
not b« sustained.
Mr. BARTON of Virginia obtained the floor,
and remarking that he had been for years m pub-
