CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.
---------WEEKLY---------
PRICE $1 PER SESSION,

TUESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1842.
Volume ll---No. 7.    "
Continued from No. 6,    
ease  which affected  not  alone  this Union, but
erery country in the commercial world.
He was, however, willing to approch any pro-
posed healing measure with a view of candid ex-
amination and fair consideration.    And if what
was contained in the report was indeed capable of
addministenng relief, he would be as willing as
the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Simmoss,]
or any other Senator, to seek for and find in it,
some standing ground on which all could unite for
the common good. If there was any principle in it,
upon which all could unite, it was certainly more
likely to be found through tne medium of the con-
sideration and report of a committee than in dis-
quisitions on the mere technicalities of the name to
be  given to   the  institution.     It could tend to
no good to dwell upon such technicalities, and
he thought, therefore, it would be much better to
scrutinize the matter itself, with a view of dis-
covering what  there was in it that could be laid
hold of as practical, and at the same time unob-
jectionable.    He cared not who were its parents—
whether it had six, or only one—but viewing the
report  which   is   now the   subject  of  reference
merely as a proposition to carry into effect impor-
tant functions of Government—no matter irom
what source it came—it s emed to have in itself
elements wholly irreconcilable with the constitu-
tional functions of this Government.   Who  was
the author of the plan,  was a question, he con-
ceived, of no material importance, and he should
therefore throw the subject of its origin out of con-
sidsration. One Senator,wdeed,had said lhat this plan
originated tea years ago with the distinguished in-
dividual then President, (General Jackson,) and
that it had its birth in his Executive message of
1830.   An attempt has been  made by some to
render it odious on that account, and by others to
invite a favorable consideration of   the pre*ent
measure.   No person, he contended, can regard the
Executive message of President Jackson, to wh<ch
such reference is made, as sanctioning the princi-
ples of this bill.   The suggestions of lhat message
were very different from the propositions here laid
down. There was no pretence in lhat message to any
right on the part of the Government to exercise a
po*er over the private exchanges of the country, or
the private deposites of individual. It only meant
to exercise control over the public funds whe  that
exercise comported with the powers of the General
Government.    But no gentleman of candor would
contend that General Jackson's message intended
to convey any idea that he would sanction the ex-
ercise on the part of the General  Government of
any control over the private business or money
transactions of individuals.    His suggestions, and
those of the bill now under eor.sidera'ion, differed
widely indeed.    This bill proposes  that Govern-
ment shall furnish the United States with a paper
i currency.    He denounced any icheme for issuiog
a   Government paper currency.   This  proposes
that theGovernment shall deal in private exchange .
He (Gen. Jar-kson) disclaimed any power to apply ihe
public money ¡o any such use.    Strip  this bi!l Oi
its exchange clause, and of the clause authorizing
an issue ot paper currency, and what would it be
but what most gentlemen present would agree to
accept, as far as it went, a propos-ition to exeicise
Vie constitutional powers to safely keep and dis-
burse the revenues of the Government?
It was also said that this plan originated in a re-
port from the Treasvry Department in 1837. There
was not the slightest resemblance between the sug-
gestions of that report and the prepositions of thib
measure. So far from sanction,ng the idea of the
Government de?ling m exchanges, that report re-
pudiates, in the most express and unequivocal
-terms, any apphcat.on of the public fund  to other
purposes than throse of the Government itself. And
'with respect to currency, the idea that any species
"of currency should be created even as Treasury
notes^by the General Government, not based, do -
lar for dollar, on gold and silver, never was in-
tended, nor could it be deduced frcm that report.
It was also asserted that the main principles of
this plan were shadowed forth by a distinguished
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] in
1836-'37. But it was not pretended that that dis-
tinguished Senator had then said any thing
in favor of the right of the General Government
to deal in private exchanges. The Senator from
South Carolina was present, however, and would,
nb doubt, at the proper time, give his views on cur-
rency, and,slate what he then and now thought
on that subject. He (Mr. W) would not,
at this time, enter upon a discussion of any thing
but the report and the bill under consideration.
And, in relation to these, it was said at the outset
by his friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buchanan]
and what he said was concurred in by others who
followed in debate, that this project was nothing
but a great Government Bank, supplied with
means by the Government, and [control'ed
by the Government. So far from question-
ing the definitions given on the other side, he
concurred in the general views expressed by those
Senators as to the banking features of the mea-
sure. But, at the same time that he conceded (hit,
he felt bound to say that he should not be deterred
from adopting any sound and constitutional plan
for the receiving, safekeeping, and disbursing of the
public money, merely because it had attached to
it the name of a bank, any more than he would
if it was designated by another name.
The bill proposed, first, a system for keeping the
public money. It next proposed a system of ex-
changes; and next to create a public paper cur-
rency. But under all this there is a fourth system
concealed and kept out of view, but no less a part
of ihe whole plan—a system of borrowing monev—
a system by which the proposed Board of Ex-
chequer can effect a loan of ten millions in the
first instance by an issue of Treasury notes, and
fife millions afterwards by an issue of scrip. So
that, in fact, there is in this project an assumed pow-
er to keep and disburse ihe public money—to deal
in private exchanges with that public money—'o
receive and keep private money on deposite,or hav-
ing received it, and owing it to individuals,to issue
three timei its amount as a paper currency; and,
in the fourth place, to borrow fifteen millions of dol-
lars. Here, then, were four colossal powers.
With resard to the first, although be misht have
differed from some of his friends in 3837, it was
on what he conceived good grounds, and on those
grounds he was in favor of separating the power
of the custody of the public money from any
possible connection with the currency of
the country. He was then, and be slill
remained, in favor of a plan indisputably
constitutional and safe from contact with the cur-
rency—'hat of an independent Treasury. And h?d
the act of 1837 been confined to those legitimate
functions, it would now stand on the statute book
unrepealed. But the hue and cry was raised
a ainst it, and it was made so unpopular that it
was repealed, on account of the very features to
which he had at first objee'ed.
Now, as far as the mere receiving, safekeeping
and disbursing of the public money go, the plan
under consideration is in accordance with the In-
dependent Treasury system, which the gentlemen,
who have the majority in Congress, repeated last
session—he would not say whether wisely or not.
He h.id the same faith in that plan now that he had
n 1837, and he beh ved it was the onlv true and
srtfe system that could br- devispd. He regretted
its repeal al all, and particularly that it was repeal-
ed without enacting some law equallv constitution-
al as a substitute. He could not h^pe, he feared,
that the act repealed last session would be rein-
stated on the statute book. He opposed its repeal
then, because he knew that it ought not to be re-
pealed without a constitutional substitute was
ready to take its place.
A false issue had been got up on the pretence
that the various interests of the industrious classes
of the community were affected by the manner of
keeping and disbursing the public money.    It is
merely a political question.   The manner of keep-
ing the pub'ic money has nothing to do with the
agricultural interest, or ths manufacturing interest of
the country, except in the relation which the whole
community bears to the faithful exercise of a tru?t
given to the General Government.   He was in fa-
vor of doing something, as suggested by the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island—of arranging, if it can be
agreed upon, those provisions of the proposed  bill,
on the great principles of the act of 1789.   Not be-
cause he believed that under that act the Execu-
tive, at any time, or even now, could take a dollar
out of the Treasury  not  appropriated by law ;
for   he  considered this  thing   of  the union of
the purse   and   the   sword",   which   was   dwel^
upon   so   universally   by   political oraters,  was
merely    theoretical    and    not    practical.     No
President  can   extract   a   dollar,   or   even   the
value of a pin from the Treasury, without a lega)
authority to do it.   It was not the mere custody of
the money that constituted the real union ot the
purse and the sword; it was the power ot theEucu-
tive over banks having poi session of the public money
—and the act of 1836 gave no such power to the Ei 
eeutive; but the bill befoie the Senate cert_mly
did.   He had no belief that the committee to whom
this bill might be referred would recommend a re-
enactment of the law of 1836.   And he could not
help regarding the proposition to create a Board of
Eichequer, with from one to two lundred officers,
¡snd having agencie- in every State, a>  an alarm-
irg increase of the Government pa'ronage.   If any
plan could be reported back from the committee as
simple as the plan of 1836, and fice fiom its imper-
fections, it would be deniable; but he -would prefer
a restoration of the Independent ¡Treasury.   These
things, perhaps, were hardly  to  bs expee'ed from
the committee; and  therefore  ho  anticipated no
result   from   the   report  which   may   be   made.
The   gentlemen   on the opposite side, no doubt
conscientiously, believed  a  Bank of the   UrWed
Stales   constitutional.    He and   hi.   fnendt, be-
lieved it was not.    The genti.-man cpp«ie  had
no scruples—no doubt of the consiitut.ondUty of
an Independent Treasury,     tie and  his Int-nds
stood by it as the only cons'itutional measure *°r
the fiscal operations of the Government.    No sa-
crifice of conscientious scruples was required irom
the oiher side to adopt that measure; but insupera-
ble objections existed on  the  part o£ hiouel1 ?nl
his friends to a National Bank.    It was ev dent,
therefore, that concession fhou'd come i":on ts.e
opposite side, because nothing would be sacriliced
by it.   The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Sim-
mons] had  inferred from the clause in the Con-
stitution   giving   power   to   the   General   Go-
vernment to regulate commercp, that it included
the power  to regulate exchang'ts and ennency.
This,  he (Mr. W.) denied.   He denied thai  ny
such principle had ever been acted upon by e/eu
the most o'e polie Governments oi the  old wo Id.
And as lone as the proj-ct submitted ío Coigifss
contains this feature ot assuming a powei m the
Government to deal in private exchangss, he fear-
ed nothing cou'd be done.    It was a pioposition so
ut'erly unconstitutional, that it could not receive,
under any modification, his support.    Itw<iscin-
sidered sodanget'us and unconstitutional, lhat the
convention v;h ch framtd the Constitution not i nly
would not recognise the principle, but exp'ess.y
repudiated it, even as regarded foreign exchanges.
Was it ever before heard that the  ci.a,re m the
Constitution to regulate commerce mont die deal-
ing in exchanges with the public monev, aid lhat
buying and selling of private bilU of exctat.ge was
meant by the power to regulate the commercial
intercourse with the Slates?    It was a monstrous
interpretation, and   in his view, and   that of his
friends, wholly untenable and unconstitutional.   It
