d§
saight as well be said that the clause to regulate
commerce empowered the General Government
to take the tonnage of commerce into his own
hands—to regulate manufactures, to take the busi-
ness of manufacturiBg into its own hands—and
the power to regulate agriculture was a power to
send officers to take hold of the plough and culti-
vate the land.
It is supposed fifteen or twenty millions must
be appropriated to the buying of exchanges; but it
is proposed to sell as well as to buy, and in this
way the amount may be considered unlimited
Now without dwelling on the obvious unconstitu
iionality of this point, be would advert a moment
to its inexpediency. What general good could be
effected by this dealing m exchanges wuh the pub-
lic funds? And here he would claim the atten-
tion oí the Senator from Kentucky to the expedi-
ency of the proposition, even if the Government
had the power. Suppose, under this bill, the ex-
changes should not exceed two per cent —or that
of the mere cost of transmitting specie- it is thought
this would be a great gam; and in this way the
country would be relieved Now, he would turn
to a New York paper, quoting the present rates o'f
exchange, and it would be seen that the exchange
between St Loam and New York at the pre-
sent moment is less than two per centum [Mr.
Benton remarked that this morning the quo-
tation was one and a half per cent ] Yes- only
one and a half per cent. Where then would be tbe
gam' And yet it was urged that the "West is pa-
ralyzed by a ruinous exchange. No doubt the
exchange value of irredeemable bank paper, con-
tras ed with specie, wa¡> large—particularly on such
a currency as¡ Wild Cat money But theie was no
excessive exchange on specie, or ba nk paper tru 'y re-
presenting specie. The only real exchange that ex-
ited was the cost of transmitting specie. The
great fallacy conestid in suppo mg the paper
money of suspended banks,of (he .ame value as spe-
-"cie Specie could be trarspor ed from New Or-
leans to New York for less Iban two per cent and
th* eost t f transmission was tae only true b?sis for
ascertaining the rate of e-tcnange* At present,
the rate of exchange between Charleston, Augusta,
and NewYork,was nothing on specie So it would be
-with the Western States it their Legislatures did their
duty and compelled their lccil banks to pay specie
So it is, in fact, when specie is ths ba«is of ex-
change, it is only on non-specie paving bank mo-
ney that five or seven per cent exchanse is d«
manded in the Western States. A National Bank
did nothing to regulate such exchanges Ex-
changes «ere lower now at many points than they
were when the United Sta'es Bank wa<; in ful! ope
ration, as cou d be seen by the tables before Con-
gress. A INtticnal Bank would not relieve th'1
country from the exchanges on depreciated pa^er
currenc), nor would the bul now proposed, if en
acted, afford the relief anticipated If the Board
of Exchequer, through its agencies, were to deal
m exchanges to the amount of thirty, fifty, or
even one hundred millions—though this could not
be, without an explosion of the institution within
six months—it would benefit none but specular =,
rosmmoth corpoutions, and favorite politician-,
The exchanges of the whole community do not
fall «-hort of five hundred millions and the hui-
dred millions c f this institution wnu'd only reach
to one-fifth of the exchange busine-s. Out fifth of
the community would then be benefited by ex-
changes at less than two p«r c°nt ,~ou' it tvould be
at tbe expense of ihe four-fifif>s whicb. would oe
excludid, aid which, in consequence of this m-
t rferei ce, and pieferenc to ine lavor°H f-w,v ould
have to pay higher rate  of txehaege than before
Th ¡5 was a pine pie of the bill «h ch he could not
consent to in ?ny prssib e eomp'-o-oi^e But wi h
regard to anothn feature of ire ¡neRsure, he would
go as far as the Senator from Virginia [Mr
ilivfs] to efect sorxie hmg * r t " relrf of the
coi ntry, if it could oe point fl rut that it would
efflct relief, and that ¡t - id be done constitu-
tionally But that Sena'or "jrcly would not,
edu"a ed a* he wsu, at the fe t of Gamaliel, re-
quire that he (Mr W.) an! hf friends should
saenfee their constitutional scruples for die mere
saká < í ac I'm    Tae Senator is not m favor of ihe
CONGftES^ONAt 6&OB1.
"do nothing" policy. It misht be inferred
that he was m favor of doing everything
sooner than do nothing. But he (Mr. Wood-
bury) had a right also to his opinion, which was,
that although willing and ready to do what can
be done constitutionally, he would prefer doing
nothing to doing that which he felt conscious was
not only unconstitutional but inexpedient. A
man whom his State (New Hampshire) had
always honored (Mr Langdon) had said m the Con-
vention that he would rather reject the whole Con-
stitution than m«ert the three words "and emit bills "
Other intelligent men and undoubted patriots, held
tbe same op nion. Mr. Madison did not believe
that Treasury notes could be issued as a paper
currency. What was Shay's rebellion m Massa-
chusetts, but a rebellion to relieve the people by an
issue of paper mone^? It was put down, as all
such rebellions should be, and must be put down,
under the Constitution of his country. In any
sudden crisis, this paper currency could not stand
six weeks. Even the power to issue certificates of
deposite, as proposed in this bill, if constitutional,
could not effect any good, for, suppose with five
millions of deposites, an i^sue of ¡bree times the
amount, or fifteen millions, is made, what would be
the inevitable eflecfi In the event of a panic—from
sudden war or other causes—how could these cer-
tificates for fifteen millions be redeemed? The first
claimants for five millions would take all the
specie, or suppose they only took half of it, there
would then be left only two and a half millions of
specie to redeem twelve and a half millions of cer-
tificates of deposites. But if it was a great panic
ihe whole of the specie would be taken, and
nothing left to redeem the ten millions outstanding.
This Exc'iequer Institution would then be as
complete a rag paper bank as ar>y ever established
en Owl creek, cr elsewhere Thtre wa^ no fancy
in thi*-, it was all fact, it would have been ihe effect
reiterated half a dozen times within the las'half
dozen }ear', if this plan had been in ex s'enc-
as a Government institution. But the redemption
of certificates of deposite was not all, tbe Treasuiy
notes would have to be redeemed It might be
asked how the United S ates Bank got along.
It was often reduced to a dilemma, and
it was only by transporting specie from
the West over the mountains, by forced
marches, that it saved it elf from disgrace
It was by a few wpgm loads of silver from
the West, when she had not one hundred thou-
sand dollars of specie in her vaults that m 1819
and 1821 she wis k ntfwin suspension Similar
transportations of sili pi would have to be made
from distant agrnciis i rd°r this bill, or the pro-
posed institution could not ex st twelve monihs
Now, to transmit specie, or su°t?in exchanges on
a specie basis, it was rot reces ary to have this
Exchequer Boaid Pt all Kentucky would not lose
haK a million of dolíais, or the eight Western
States, mennorW yesterday, four millions in ex-
changes, if Kíníuciíy, and her si«ter States of ihe
West, would epii e ih°ir banks to preserve a sound
and redeemable S'ate currency Bit tbe report
now under d ¡.eu^on says the proposed seheme
would prevent over issues and expansions. If th s
was n t *o g;ra«e and important a subject, the as-
sumption would provoke laughter The proposi-
tion is to issue three drlhrs of paper for one of
specie in the vaults of the institution—or an ex-
pansion of two hundred per cent. Now the United
St?tes Bank, in its greatest glory, never attempted
an expansion b yond fifty per cent Itdid en one oc-
casion expand,ms xmonths,itscirculationfrom six-
teen millions to twenty-four millions, but that was
only fifty per cent This institution may, however, at
any time, expand two hundred per cent. And this
was ¡He proposition to prevent expansion. Money
i*su°d on the principles laid down would soon be as
vo'ueless as becominentalmoneyoneewas, whena
thousand dollars of i' would notpurcbase a breakfast
He did not agree with gentlemen as ,o the necessity
for a paper currency at all, nsued by the Govern-
ment Commercial men and travelling men needed
paper money, and should have if, but thei can
have it in bills of exchange, furnished by ihe busi-
ness of ihe country, and throush tbe ordinary
channels   of  business.     Any  State  can   hjjjgj
*
as good a currency for itself as the Go-
vernment can make This was true, and it
only required the proper action of State Legisla-
tures, and the subjection of local banks to the
operation of a Bankrupt law, to make some State
currency good all over the Union. Commerce was
the basis of paper currency, and a sound and pro-
per currency of this kind would be at par in
all commercial cities. Any State could make
as good a Board of Exchequer as the General Go-
vernment. Could not New York do it? What
occasion was there, then, for the General Govern-
ment to meddle with the currency? Congress
should not tamper with it. It should be let
to take care of itself The General Government
was, he considered, restricted from this intermed-
dling. It wa* under no obligation to interfere, and
ought not to interfere, unless pewer to do so
is explicitly given. And if there was a power to
issue a Government paper currency, it surely
should be confined to an issue of dollar for
dollar of soecie. He had said so in the re-
port of 1837, to which allusion had before
been made Bu> if paper currency ever should
be issued by the Government, the institution
issuing it ought not to nave the power of discount-
ing the promisory no es of individuals, or of deal-
ing in private exchanges. In this he agreed with
the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Bivts ] But the
who e plan was based on fallacious assumptions.
It was supposed that five millions of scrip could
be sold to redeem the issues The loan authorized
la*t session cannot bs sold now, and how could five
millions of scrip be sold to redeem Government
paper money m an emergency forcing back the Go-
vernment currency? Filteen mill ons, however, are
to be issu-d, not bearing interest, and that is to be
a great saving to the community. This was ano-
ther fallacy. First, that the community would
b'nefit by i', and nfxt, that th  issue would stay
o'it without bearing interest. Treasury notes now
issued, and be*nng the high interest of six par cent,
are below par, because there is not specie
enough to redeem them. It really seemed as if
genl'eroen we'e disposed to realize the dreams of
the Arabian Nights, so visionary was the plan pro-
posed, and so wild the anticipation of its results.
He did not, in saying this, stand there merely to
oppose every thing offered, and yet propose nothing
as a substitute He tías wi ling to show his hands
and avow what he did approve, as well as to
take exception to what he could not sanction. He
had stated his objections to this plan, he would now
state what he thought ought to be done His first
substitute was that of an Independent Treasury.
To lhat thsj should come at last. But if the resto-
ration of the Independent Treasury act could
not now be effected, he was waling to accept
of so much of the present plan as could be confined
to the same oonstitu lon^l functions. There was
ro other mode but the pet bank system or an Inde-
penden Treasury—except a National Bank, to
which he never could agree If the pet bank sys-
tem was the best, ¡h°re was no occasion for any
ne v plan, as, under the act ol 17b9, it was now in
opeiauon.
He could not conclude without expressing the
s?mp? by he felt tor th" President of the United
States and bis CaMef. Co  gre s had prema-
ture y íppealed h° l->depcrd?nt Tie?sury. Two
b«ink bills were lore d upon him, which,
on enni notional grounds, and as the guardian oí
t^e Constitution, he had fe1' it necessary to veto.
He was like a man called upon 'o swim wth both
his hands fed One was tied by ihe repeal of tbe
Independent Treasury—'I e other by the Constitu-
tion, as to a National Bank. He could not re-
cittirnend \h" one mr the other of ibe systems de-
manded And thus surrounded vi'h embarrass-
ment, he, (Mr W ) felt for him in mo present po-
sition
He m got be a«ked for hi= remffld\ to regulate
exchanges.    Ifwas very & mple ii was this.   Look
| for the causes of derftgemenr, ?nd ihey would be
. fturd   in    overtrading   and   inordinate   expan-
sions   and   speculauon       Let   ine   Stabs   re-
fer.    ¡he   habits   of   their  people,  and   regu-
late   their   banks on   scund principles, and  the
| exchanges and currency of the country would b^
