100,
examining the mode of obtaining information by
correspondence. If this was adopted, when the
information came it was under no sanction what-
eve'r; although the individual to whom the letter
■was directed, and all acquainted with the writer of
the letter, might be satisfied as to the correctness of
the information, yet would it satisfy the House?
Would it be information on which the committee
could base- a report, and bring a bill into this
House of so important a nature? It would not be
satisfactory. The only remaining mode was b7
taking depositions, by sending out inquiries, by in-
terrogatories to be framed by the committee, and
■when these were answered, the very answers would
suggest the idea of other questions which they
•would wish to make. The most satisfactory mode
of obtaining evidence of the highest nature was
always by the examination of witnesses.
The only objection to this mode was the ex-
pense. It would not lead to a great expanse. There
■was no necessity for the examination of a great
many witnesses; but one or two, in all probabili-
ty, would be necessary. If the committee found
it necessary to examine twelve, fifteen, cr twenty
witnesses, the expense would be trifling—trifling,
indeed, compared with the infinite importance of
the subject to which it relates. One month of the
sesión had already gone by, and this bill ought to
be reported with all promptness; there ought to be
no delay on the subject. The committee had no
disposition to summon a regiment of witnesses.
They wanted information to satisfy their own
minds. There was no member on the committee
who felt that he possessed sufficient information to
go on and deal with this important subject. This
«ourse was not without precedent. In 1827 the
Committee on Manufactures were authorized to
send for persons and papers. He would only add,
that in the opinion of the majority of the commit-
tee it was almost indispensable that the power
sought by the resolution should be granted.
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON observed that what
had now taken place was piecisely that course of
things which he had foreseen and predicted when
the reference of this whole tariff subject was made
to the Committee on Manufactures; it was urged
as a reason for making tiat reference that the
Committee on Manufactures was the appropriate
committee to whom the subject rightfully ¿¿longed:
they were gentlemen perfectly familiar with the
■whole subject, and would be prepared to make an
immediate report upon it: but what did we now
■witness? Here came that very committee, vjho
were said to be so thoroughly familiar wiih all
the details connected with the tariff, and told the
House that they knew in fact nothing about it:
they were no better acquainted with it, as it
appeared, tbfca the Committee of Ways and
Means: they came into court and pleaded igno-
Tar.ce: they must have power to get testi-
mony to enlighten their judgments. Well, and if
that was to be the ground of their action, could not
the Finance Committee do theEamt? Could they
not call witnesses and get at a knowledge of facts
in the same way? Or could not a select committee
inform themselves in the same manner? Could
not the Comaetitee on Apiculture—which, after
all, was the appropriate committee to take charge
of the subject, becau'e tbev represented the grtjt
consuming interest of the country—could not ¡hey
just ás well send for testimony a? the Committee
on Manufacture? The que; lira b?ing on? pro-
fess3dly of revínue, the Committee of Ways and
Means had come into the House and reported a
bill for fit/e ruiiujns of Treasury note?, expressly
on th* ground that the Treasury was empty, End
immediate legislation was necessary for its relief,
or the credit of the country must be sacrificed; and
on the back of h&. cauotlis resolution from the
Committee on Mnruf dures, svowfg the fact that
they were profoundly in the >'ark; that they were
wholly unable to ¡¡coot by borre red light, and
therelore they must have power to send for tert:-
mony to guide them! Now. Mr. J. had no objec-
tion that such an inquiry shoull be gone into; he
was in favor of a select committee to make the in-
vestigation; he was ready to vote for such a com-
mittee who should be empowered to examine the
Whole subject in all its bearings; let  them go tho-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
roughly to work and ascertain how a change in the
tariff laws would affect the various interests
throughout the country. Let them go into the
whole subject. Let them push their inquiries in
every direction—East and West, North and South:
let them not be confined to the manufacturing
interest alone: but let them embrace the cotton-
growing interests of the South, the graingrow-
iag and pork and cattle-raising interests
of the West and of the Middls Sta'es—
the great tobacco interest—and all the other lead-
ing branches of production in every quarter of the
country. Let the committee be general in its
character, embracing the whole Union; and not
special and limi'ed, extending it? vision to one nar-
row, circumscribed interest alone, affecting not
much over a million of our population, to the
neglect of the remaining sixteen millions; and
summoning just such witnesses as might ¡serve to
strengthen the cause of that one particular class.
Mr. J's scope was broader; more general and ex-
tended. He was a friend to manufactures; deci-
dedly so; he was in favor, too, of countervailing
duties; but he was for protecting the raisers of
corn, and beef, and bacon, and rice, and tobacco,
as well as the manufactures of cotton, wool, and
leather. He was unwilling to bring down the in-
quiry to so narrow a basis. And if the Commit-
tee on Manufactures should not speedily report a
bill, he should movti that the whole subject be re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Otherwise, what was the country to do? The Go-
vernment was in want cf immediate relief; the
Treasury was empty; the public credit must suf-
fer; and yet the subject of imposing duties to meet
the exigency had been taken out of the hands of
the Finance Committee, and given to a committee
who came forward and owned that they had not
knowledge enough to report a bill, without send-
ing for witnesses, and getting further information
to guide them! He had, he repeated, foreseen
just such a result.
Eut the honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Saltokstall] had urged the doctrine of
precedent, and had reminded the House that the
Committee on Manufactures had been empowered
to make a s'milar inquiry in 1827. Yes, in 1827,
and what was the result? The tariff bill of 1838,
that "bill of abomination?," which raised such a
political ferment throughout the country as brought
it to the verge cf a civil war; and then the pirty
who had driven on the bill, and passed it at all
hazard--, were the first to abandon it; yes, they ran
away from it at the first blast of the trumpet of
South Carolina, and took shelter behind ¡he com-
promise act. Mr. J. was not prepared to follow
any such precedents. He was not for placing the
arrangement of the entire tariff" of duties, to be
paid by the whole country, in the hands of a com-
mittee representing only a single interest. No, let it
go to animpar'ial committee—a committee, general
and unbiased in its character, who would seek in-
formation alike from all quarters of the land, and
when it was obtained would submit the whole to
Congress. He was not opposed to inquiry ; far
from it. Od the contrary, he was earnestly in fa-
vor of it; but let it not be at the discretion cf the
Comm'tree <n Manufactures. He must vote
against the motion of his honorable friend. If that
excellent gentleman "?ould move for a '.elect com-
mittee, Mi. J. would go with him. He had no
manner of objection to see the honorable gentle-
man himself at the t.eadof such a committee: Mr. J.
had himself no wish to constitute any part of it,
acd, if appointed, should decline to serve ; but h 
wished to see such a committee ; he wished them
to go into a general, fair, impartial investigaron,
and let them report th? result at the elo*e cf th;
present session or at the commencement of the
next; for he took it for granted the thing would not
endhe'e; the subjectwo.ilJcomenp again hereafter,
and then th;s information would be of invaln-ible
service in i Hiding t'"e action of the House; b-it, in
the meanwhile, let the Committee of Ways end
Means report a bill to meet the present pres'ircg
emergency, and furnish the Treasury with the
sneans of getting on.
Mr. HABERSHAM reminded the House that
he had not intruded on its time, this being the first
......*        ..li.ir.. .....i.,.-..,,,.*.......1.....            ■                -                !    ........,.....,r,
occasion on which he had addressed it during the
present session: and he now rose to state, in jus-
tice to himself, that, as one of the Committee on
Manufactures, he had opposed in committee, as he
should now do in the House, the adoption of the
resolution which had been reported by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Saltonstall.] He
could see no essential good that was likely to grow
out of it, but much of evil.
Independently of the objections urged by the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,] he
would remark that if it was imponant to obtain a
part of the information bearing on the general sub-
ject of 'he tariff, to obtain the whole must be still
mere so. Without it, it was impossible that any
committee should act correctly and justly in the
c;se. The information must be such as to cover
the whole ground, or it would be of no benefit.
Was the committee, in dealing with so momen-
tous a subject, to look at one particular interest
alone? Ii not, and should the resolution now pro-
posed be adopted by the House, what would be the
result? The committee must obtain information
from Louisiana touching the sugar interest; it
must have testimony from Georgia concerning the
cotton interest; it must inquire from South Caroli-
na on the subject of the rice; it must send into
all the Northern and Middle States to know how
their peculiar staples would be affected; and
then it must go into the great West and collect
similar information from that quartet; ana at
what time did gentlemen expect the committee
would be prepared to report? Would they be able
to get through with such investigation during this
entire session? No, no one could expect it; the
examination would not be closed before the first of
June next, by which time the new tariff act must
go into effect. The expense of such an investiga-
tion must be very great, although that was a mat-
ter of but little consequence, provided the informa-
tion essential to enlightened and impartial action
could be obtained in time; but it could not, and
the only effect of adopting the resolution must be
to delay ihe report of the committee, which, after
all, could not but be partial and onesided in its
complexion.
For these reasons, Mr. H. opposed  the resolu-
tion in committee, and should now vote against it
in the House.    The same objections, to a certain
extent,  lay against   the appointment of a select
committee.    But they applied, in all their force, to
¡   the Committee on Manufactures, on which com-
I   mittee the interests and wishes of the whole West
I   were represented by a solitary individual, and he
residing on the Southwestern corner of that vast
region.
Mr. WISE observed  that he was absent from
his seat when the vote was  taken referring the
subject of the taiiffto the Committee on Manufac-
tures; but when informed that the motion for that
reference had prevailed, though opposed to a pro-
tective tariff, he was well content with tbe result.
It wa« no triumph, no v'c'ory over him, that the
reference was made  to that committee; and why?
Because he knew that matters wcuid stand as they
now st:od, rifht and fair  before  the country.    If
all the protective tarifl gentlemen on that floor had
listened to tin; wise sujge?i'on«, ard observed the
|   pol v tflc.ici of his hou'.r:-.b!e friend from Mary-
]   land, [Air. J^iiss-jn,] t' oy wild havp referred this
subjeci to the Crrmi.tt" . of Ways and Means, and
;   then they uiij-ht ¡u/e fayed out the game of hum-
bug,  and disguised  iheir movements.    And, sir,
I   said Mr. W. I dreaded nothing ¡.-ore than the mo-
lí   lion that was made  'By  the gentleman trom Ten-
II   nessfi, [ '•■!,: Arn i.d,]  to  reconsider  the vote on
,   the question e.i reference,  and which was with-
I   drpT"n by hio;, for I feared thit gentlemen might
i   have comid-ratuncno"gh to t,.ke wisdom for their
gtiidr*, :>nd  under  the (¡aguiso of revenue attain
■   the r ohji ct through a  retrie-,ce to the Committee
i   ot Wavs nad M.-.tns.    Ho had  no anxiety for a
reference to 'hat committee, foi hi knew that they
I   bad been forestalled by the declarpiion of its chair-
;   man himseif, TMr.  Fillmore,]  that  the revenue
bill having been passed at the last session, the only
movement now to be made on the subj> ct of the
tariff was protection.   Accordingly, the majority of
the Hous.6 did take the gentleman at his word, and.
