COJÍGRESSIONAt GkOBE-                                         '"««
■■—.....—...........~ '■......■.......■>......■ir.i.ni. .  .i.................■..—......a i.........■■"■  ■■—i—m .....—mu  —waiHiiMiim—h-mmmiiit.....iii.t■.....■■'■"....." "'VW'-** —',
Mr. F. should still be opposed, could, any other
measure be reoorted to to save the public faith and
the honor of the nation. Even as a matter of ex-
pediency, it never should be resorted to but in an
extreme emergency, and it should be continued no
longer than that emergency lasted. This was his
own view of the matter, and he believed it was
coincided in by a majority of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
The bill now reported differed in one respect
from those heretofore reponed for a similar pur-
pose. They had exhibited on their face no inten-
tion of supplying- the deficit in the Treasury by
the adoption oí any other means; but in thia bill
there was a proviso that, as soon as the requisite
sum could be raised by a loan already authorized,
or to be hereafter authorized, the power to issu6
Treasury notes should cease. In other words, that
the House considered this as a measure to be re-
sorted to in a great emergency, that it was to con-
tinue the shortest possible time, and the power
to adopt it should be strictly limited to that time
alone.
This was all he had felt it his duty to pay at this
time. If a majority of ths Committee of the Whole
should think with the Committee of Ways and
Means, they would vote in. favor of the bill. He
trusted, for the honor of the country and the preser-
vation of the public faith, Congress would do i's
duty in the premises.
Mr. DAVÍS, of Kentucky, said he was one of
these who had voted against granting leave to intro-
duce this bill, and he wished now briefly to present
his reasons for having done so. He did notdeay
the position that this Govern meat might constitu-
tionally issue Treasury notes; but he assumed the
position that it could do this only for the purpose
ot borrowing money. He denied th&t the Gonstitu.
tion authorized Congress to issue notes to supply
the place of a currency: they could be issued only
as evidence of debt. To obtain the loan witk the
greater ease and convenience, the notes might re-
ceive a negotiable form; but if they were to supply
a currency they were against the Constitution.
Now, then, he would ask the worthy gentleman at
the head of the Committee of Ways and Means,
what was the design of this sudden emission of
five millions of Treasury notes? Was it that they
might be received by the creditors of the United
States? He denied that Congress could so pay the
public debt. How were these debts to be paid?
Alone in the medium in which other debts were re-
quired by law to br paid, viz in gold and silver.
There was a deficit in the revenue; the pubic cre-
ditors were clamorous; the Treasury was empty;
and in these circumstances the Secretary told the
public creditor that he must receive his debt in
Treasury notes, or have it indifinitely postponed.
Which, Mr. D. a&ked, was the more creditable
course—to have the debt postponed till a loan
could be obtained on ten or twenty years' credit,
with interest at six per cent, or to pay in these
Treasury notes? He would use all constitutional
means to sustain the credit of the Government; he
would give it ample means to meet all demands;
but he would do this m conformity with the Con-
stitution.
It was said, however, that the emergency was
pressing; yes, and how came it to be so? The
Secretary certainly knew whether be could pro-
cure a loan for the requisite amount íh our great
commercial cities, and it he had acted a candid
part he would have stated it in his report. Did he
not know it as well when he made that report &•>
hs knew it now? Could he not then have ascer-
tained that American capitalists worild noi loan
their money to ttie Government for a term of two
or three years oaly? Why had he not communi-
cated this information to Congie&s twenty or thirty
days ago?
Mr. FILLMORE here interposed. He was
very sure the honotable gentleman meant to state
nothing that was unfair, nor d'd Mr. F. stand up
here as the advocate and defender of the Secre-
tary; bat if the gestleman would look again at the
annual report he would find this passage:
"With regard to the receipts from the loan already autho-
rized by taw, it U to be remarked that, owing tu the short pe-
riod which is to elapse before it becomes redeemable, together
with the unsettled state of the money market, it would not be
safe to expect that any considerable portion will be obtained
for the service of the year 1812, before the expiration of the
time limited foreffectmg it."
"Mr. DAVIS admitted this passage in the report
had escaped his eye: but this did not diminish the
Secretary1's responsibility: why had he not asked
that the period of the loan should be extended?
[Mr. F. here, speaking across, reminded Mr. D.
that the Secretary had done this, and pointed to the
place in the report'containing such recommenda-
tion.]
Mr. D. thereupon withdrew the remark he had
made. He expessed his willingness to vote for
the extension of the term of the loan, and said he
was confident the House would prefer this to the
present irregular and unconstitutional mode of
raising the wind. It had iu the first instance been
proposed to make the loan repayable in eight
years: but a particular friend of the Administra-
tion had proposed to reduce the term to three
years, which motion had prevailed. Mr. D. had
never believed that American capitalists would
take it on such terms.
Mr. 1). took this position: if money could be
borrowed by means of Treasury notes it could be
borrowed on stock. The bond of the Government
was entitled to at least as high a degree of credit as
these Treasury notes: and it was to be preferred,
unless indeed ihe object was to force these notes
on the public creditor and let him sell them at a
discount for gold and, silver. They were, he un-
derstood, at a discount of one per cent, now in the
New York market: nobody expected they would
bring sold and silver at their par value. The fact
was, the Government proposed to issue a paper
currency—a new continental paper: and to force
this on its creditors: and he thought no Govern-
ment could stand in a more dishonorable position.
Let Congress authorize the issue of st^ckat ten,
or, if necessary, at twenty years to run, leavin^it
discretionary with the Secretary to adjust the time
according to circumstances and tbe state of the
money market. If he could not get money at 5
per cent, let him offer six, and let Government pay
in gold and silver.
There was another thing in the history of this
matter ;o which Mr. D. objected, and that was
this sort of informal communication between the
head of tbt, Treasur/ Department and the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means in his
committee room. He protested against such com-
munications. If th'J Secretary watted new laws
passed, let him address the Speaker of the House
of Representatives, and not write letters to a com-
mittee room.
To him it seemed that the present Administra-
tion was doing lutle else than resort to the mea-
sures its friends had so strongly reprobated in the
last Administration. Mr. D. m his simplicity, bad
thought there was to be a change, a reform; but
he now found the Government falling back into
one practice after another for which the late Ad-
ministration had been denounced so strenuously.
And in fact it seemed that, although under a dif-
' ferent np.me, íhey were the Loco Foco party in
fact.    [Loud laughter.]
Mr. WISE believed, if he understood his hono-
rable friend rightly, they weregjt'ing past being
like the Loco Fcco party. He understood his ho-
norable friend to say that if the Government was
in debt, and had no money to pay the public credi-
tor with, it could not give to him evidences of tbe
debt due him, but was bound to pay him in the
only medium known to the universal law of man-
kind, gold and silver. If be understood the gentle-
man right, he repudiated his doctrine. He d'd not
understand gold and silver to be the only lsgitimste
currency. The creditor miga1, it ii-s true, de-
mand it, but he could a' his option take any other
ctirrer.ey. If the gentleman was right in saying
thst the Government was bound to pay gold and
silver only, what followed? Why, the very harsh-
est feature of the Sub-Treasury. If the Govern-
ment was to pay out in gold and silver alone, it
must collect in gold and silver alone. But to the
practical question. Gentlemen talked about ab-
straction?, and of the unconstitutionality of Go-
vernment giving its bond when it could not pay
what it owed. If the Government could not pay
[ its debts, was it not bound by the principles of com-
mon hontsty to give the public creditor somCévi-
dence of the debt due bim? Could not the Qovern-
msnt give its bond like an individnal?-*-for a
Treasury noie was the mere evidence of a debt.
As to the second proposition of the gentleman, that
he could not concur in the issue of Treasury notes
as a currency, he, Mr. W. agreed with hint; bijt
this was not to pay a debt. Every body knew that
a bond or a note was not to pay a debt, but to esta-
blish a;debt. Who did not know that? The very
fact of giving a bond was an acknowledgment of
the validity of the debt. He did say that if the Go-
vernment owed a debt, and could not pay it, it was ,
bound to give its bond, and promise to pay. If it
did not owe money, he agreed with .the gentleman
that it had no right to issue these promises to pay.
He had been no friend heretofore to the issue of
Treasury notes. It was only at the last session of
the last Congress that he was induced to counte-
nance them at al'; and under what circumstances
was he called on to vote for them? Having no
doubt but that tbe Government owed debts and
could not pay them, the question was presented to
him, as il'was now presented, whether he would
agree to its giving its bond temporarily, and wait
for the restoration of the revenue resulting from a .
restoration of trade, or whether he would resort to
a high tariff.
Mr. W. next adverted to the difficulty of nego-
tiating the twelve million loan, which he attributed
to the short time allotted by the law for it to run—
only  three years—and gave it as his opinion that
the money could only be had now by extending the
loan to ten or twelve, instead of eight years, as was
originally contemplated.    If there was one truth
with respect io the American people more promi-
nent than any other, it was that, provided the mo-
tives of the public servants were honest, they need
not hesitate to avow them;  but they never would
suffer any man, or any party, to.steal povier.    He
cared not  however wise and patriotic a public
man's end  might be,  he must not attain those
ends by indiretion or by pious frauds.   If the pub-
lic service required money, say so to the people—
tell them the whole amoun1—tell them the worst,
and boldly look them in the face.   Mr. W. said he
was for an enlarged public service in the various
departments of the Government, and especially in
the navy.    He was for payisg the public debt to
the laU dollar, and that speedily, and for providing
the ways and  means for it; but in negotiating a
loan, he would not skulk back from eight years to
three, and disgrace  the nation.    If a loan was re-
quired, he was for coming out boldly, and asking
for it on terms likely to tempt capitalists to mske
investments.   From prognostications before him,
he apprehended that the public debt was to be run
up to some forty or fifty millions, before it was
ended.   What with the system that was begun and
in progress, with distribution on the one hand and
taxation on the other, short loans, and tbe conse-
quecit disgrace of the public credit, it was not diffi-
cult to foresee the result.
As it was no w ascertained that the issue of Govern-
ment notes was the readiest means of supp'ying the
deficiencies of an empty Treasury, be should, if the
Chair would entertain the proposition, and no other
gentleman would offer it, propose that a provision
shall be added 'o this bill lhat the proceeds of the
public land sales which have come into the Trea-
sury since the operation of the distribution act, and
the proceeds of the same that shall come in hereaf-
ter, shall be first applied to the payment oftha
public debt before any Treasury notes are to be
issued, and that when there are no such proceeds,
Tieasury notes may be issued. The proceeds of
the public lands should not go to the payment of
the debts of the States, bat to tbe payment of the
debts of this Government, to which they belong.
Mr. McKEON here informed the gentleman
from Virginia, that he yesterday gave notice that
when this bill came up, he shoull offer as an
amendment, a clause to repeal the Distribution act.
Mr. FILLMORE observed, that if the design
was to defeat this bill, and to prevent the supply of
Treasury, certainly no more < ffectual method could
be adopted than the amendment the gentleman
from Virginia suggested.
Mr. WISE assured the gentleman from. New
