104
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
York that he was the last man who would throw
any thing in the way of meeting the demands of
the Treasury.
Mr. FILLMORE hoped the gentleman would
withdraw the amendment, then; the Treasury was
aow exhausted
Mr. WISE said he admitted it He himself had
■been waiting for the Treasury since he had been
here, for not one dollar had he received as yet, and
he would say that he would wait till the end of the
session rather than the Grovernment should not
preserve us credit, for he thought that members of
Congress whose province it was to provide the
ways and means tor carrying on the Government,
shou'd wait till all others of the public creditors
veie satisfied Heretotore they had been the first
to be provided for, but in his opinion they should
be the last. After a few remarks deprecating ths
inconveniences ol hurried legislation, Mr. W. read
hi  amendment
Mr. ARivOLD objected to the amendment, as
being entirely out of order, but he merely rose 13
make a rerx ark, in reply to the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr Wise ] The gentleman went for
the issue ol Treasury notes, he (Mr, A ) went with
him, but, although he went for them, the gentleman
hal «aid he would not receive one single dollar of
them for his per diem bill.
Mr WISE denied that he had said this, and ex-
plained his former remarks; but was not heard at
the Reporter's desk.
Mr ARNOLD said that amounted to the same
thm^ exac ly. The gentleman came before the
coun'ry, advocatiig an issue of Treasury notes, to
be circulated throughout the land, bat would not
take himself How could the gentleman reconcile
this with honesty or honor?
Mr VAN BUREN asked if this was in order?
Mr ARNOLD said he would proceed th°n in
order Tur m ght suit the gentleman from Vir
gin>a ( .e continued) very well, he might have
credit, or oih'r iunds,andbe independent of his per
diem, but what sort of a predicament does it place
us in, (said Mr A ) who are exactly situated as
this Government i> now—who have neither money
nor credit? [Laughter] There were many of
them who had to depend on their per diem before
they could get their dinners—who were just like
the Government—who had neither money nc
credit, and theretore must take Treasury notes,
and if the no'es must be ' shaved," at two or five
per cent th y had to pay it    [Laughter ]
As to the point of orcier, he would say that there
was no relevancy m any point of view in the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia to the
bill, it was one of the plainest questions of order
ever raised before the House, and the Speaker
must reject the amendment
Mr FILLMORE had hoped that the personal
appeal he made to the gentleman from Virginia
would h.ve induced him to have withheld ibis
amend eat to some other occasion, because he
was entirely satisfied, if they went into the discus-
sion o'' the Distribution bill, that they would
nearly tee dogiajs before they prov.ded for the
present exigercies of the Treasury.
But if the gentleman persisted m the amend
men!, he (Mr F ) made the point of order, and
suggested if they could introduce an amendment to
repeal the distribution act, they might also intro-
duce th  re jeal of the bill for racing revenue ge-
nerally from duties They had a rule of the House
which provided that no amendment to a bill was
in o'dei topt did not relate to the subject matter of
the b 11 ' =elf Clearly a b 11 relating to the distri-
bution of hi, proceeds of 'he public lands had
noih ng to do with a Treasury note bill He hoped,
thprefoie, that the amendment would be rejected by
thf Ch-iii
Mr WELLER moved that the committee rise.
T  leio "/e>^ called for, aid the motion prevailing,
by ajes 83, noes 64, the commi tee rose
And the House adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, January 7, 1842
The Journpl   of ye&terday was  read   and ap-
proved.
Petitions, on leave, were presented by Messrs.
POPE and POWELL.
Mr.WOOD, on leave, offered the following reso-
lution, which was adopted
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be requested to
take into consideration the propriety of introducing a bill which
shall require all appointments of consular and commercial
agents of the Government to be made from citizens of the
United States also, to inquire into the expediency of compen
sating such officers by fixed salaries, and not by fees, and whe
ther, after dividing them into four classes, with salaries accord
ing to the importance, duties, and living expenses of their sta
tions the amount of fees now received will not be sufficient to
pay the who e expense arising from such regulation
Mr. LINN of New Yoik, on leave, offered the
following resolutions-
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inqure into the expediency of amending
the 3d section of the act of the 4th of July, 1836, so as to em
brace widows whose marriage took place before the 3d day of
March, 1783
Whereas in consequence of the benefits of the act of the 7th
of July 1838 having expired on the 4th of March, 1841, many
widows who enjoyed them are now left in their declining days
m indigent circumstances  Therefore
Resolved That the Committee on Revolutionary Pen
sions inquire into the expediency of reporting a bilt continu
ing said act in force for a period not beyond the 4th of March,
1846
Whereas the 1st section of the act granting half pay to certain
widow passed 4th Julv 1836, is construed to apply only to
the widows of such officers and soldiers whose husbands died
in consequerce of woun Is received since April 20 1818 and
thus í o provision exists for widows whose husbands died in
consequence of wounds received m Ihe war of 1812 or previous
to the 20th of April, 1818 Therefore
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be di
rected to inquire into the expediency of making some suitable
provision by law for the widows aforesaid, whose cases are not
embraced by sal! acr
Whereas by the construction placed upon the act of the 7th
ofjuly 1838 many widows whose husbands died subsequent to
its passage are denied its benefits  Therefore
Resolved That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
inquue into the expediency of reporting a bill placing said act
on the same footing with the act of July 4 183b, which, by a
joint resolution of Congress passed July 7, 1S38, was made to
apply to widows whose husband" died after, as well as before, - ■
its passage
Which resolutions were adopted.
Mr. GORDON, on leave, offered the following
resolution, which was adopted.
Resolved That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of establish
ing a postioute trom Ontario m the county of Otsego, State of
New York vit Butternut and New Berlin to Sherburne, in the
county of Chenango m the aforesaid State
Mr PAYNE asked leave ot the House to pre-
sent a petition, to the reception of which Mr.
Adams objecting—
Mr P. moved a suspension of the rules for its
reception, but, at the suggestion of several gentle-
men, modified the motion so as to suspend the rules
foi the general reception of petitions
The question was then Uken, and decided in the
affirmative, two thirds voting therefor—Ayes 110,
noes 42
So the rules were suspended.
PETITIONS
Mr GIDDINGS inquired of the Speaker if the
appeal heretofore taken from the decision of the
Cnair by the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr W.
C Johnson]  with reference to a petition on the
subject of slavery, was not now in order.
Tne SPEAKER said it was not, as all the rules
and orders of business had been suspended, but
would be first when petitions come up in order.
The States and Territories were then called m
order for petitions, which were presented as fol
lows
Prom Iowa  By Mr A C DODGE
[The petition of Frederick Dixon, of Jackson
County, Iowa Territory, praying Congress to grant
him a compensation in land or money for wonnds
received and services performed, on the Southwest-
ern frontier of the United States
Petition of James Haskall, of Scott County,
lona Territory, praying Congress to grant him
compensa ion for long and arduous services per-
formed m the regular army of the Umted'States,
both of which, < n motion of Mr D. were referred
to the Committee of Claims
Mr. Dodqe a'so presented some addi tonal
testimony in support of the claim of Joseph Mor-
gan of Des Moines County, Iowa Territory, which,
together with his petition, and other papers touch-
ing the said claim, were, on motion of Mr. D re-
ferred to ihe Committee on Invalid Pensions ^
Mr D also moved that the memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Iowa, together
with the report of Lieut Buggies, respecting the claim
of said Territory for services performed by her
militia, and supplies furnished them by citizens
daring the existence of the the late boundary diffi-
culty between Missouri and Iowa, be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs ]
From Wisconsin. By Mr. H BODGE.
From Arkansas: By Mr. CROSS
From Alabama: By Messrs. PAYNE, CHAP-
MAN, and HOUSTON.
From Missouri  By Mr. JOHN MILLER.
[Mr Miller presented a preamble and reso-
lution of the General Assembly of the State of Mis-
souri, instructing their Senators and requesting
their Representatives in Congress to vole against
the passage of any law to repeal the laws now m
force, providing for the naturalization of aliens,
and resist all measures designed to cause further
deley or difficulty in the attainment of citizenship :
referred to the Committee en the Judiciary, and or-
dered to be printed ]
From Illinois- By Messrs. CASEY, REY-
NOLDS, and STUART.
[Mr Stuart, on leave, introduced a bill esta-
blishing a port of entry and delivery at the city of
Chicago, Illinois, which was twice read, and re-
ferred to the Cotnm tti e on Commerce ]
From Mi sissippi By Messrs. THOMPSON
and GWIN
From Indiana By Messrs THOMPSON, KEN-
NEDY, LANE, WALLACE, and CRAVENS.
[Mr. Lane, on leave, introduced a bill to con-
firm to George and Reuben Allen the title to cer-
tain lands, which was twice read, and referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims ]
From Louisiana  By Mr MOORE
From Ohio- By Messrs STOKELY and GID-
DINGS
[Mr. Giddings presented a memorial from cer-
tain legal voters of Lenox, in the county of Ashta-
bula, and State of Ohio, praying Cengress to re-
peal the laws regulating or sanctioning the holding
or transportation of persons as slaves in vessels of
the United States sailing coastwise from one State
to another, and to pass laws protecting the rights
of all persons claimed or held as slaves who may
be constitutionally entitled to their freedom by
going to sea, with the consent of their masters, be-
yond the jurisdiction of the State in which they
are legally held to be slaves ]
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON objected to the re-
ception of the peation, as> prohibited by a rule of
the House in relation to petitions for the abolition
of slavery
Mr. WISE supported the objection, strenuously
insisting that the memorial amounted to a prayer
for the abolition of slavery on board any American
vessel, whether public or private, in which a slave
was carried three leagues out to sea—a new shape of
the Abolition question, and one that went beyond
any thing heretofore attempted. He held that the
deck of an American ship was a portion of the
territory of the United States, let her be in what
part of the world she might.
Mr GIDDINGS replied to the question of or-
der, contending that the memorial did not pray for
the abolition of slavery, and did not, therefore,
come within the rule.
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS asked if the debate
was m order.
The CHAIR decided that it was in order to dis-
cuss the legality of the reception.
Mr ARNOLD remonstrated, and insisted that,
until the Chair had decided whether the memorial
would be received, and an appeal had been taken
from that decision, the discussion was out of or-
der
The CHAIR, after taking some time to compare
the words of the memorial with the words of the
prohibitory rule, decided lhat ihe former part of
the memorial did involve a prayer for aboli-
tion, and therefore fell withm the rule, but lhat the
latter portion, which prayed the passage of laws
"protecting the rights of all persons claimed or
held as slaves who may be constitutionally entitled
to their freedom," did not, whereupon,
Mr GIDDINGS moved that this latter portion
of the memorial be referred to the Committee on
Commerce
Mr. CAMPBELL of Sou-th Carolina insisting
