loe
CONGBESfdQNáL GLOBE.
Lowell, McKeon, Alfred Marshall, Samson Ma- '
son,~ Matbiot, Mattocks, Maynard, Morrow, Par-
«enter, Partridge, Pendleton, Plumer, Benjamin
Randall, Randolph, Ridgway, Rodney, Roosevelt,
Wm. Russell, James M. Russell, Saltonstall, San-
ford, Slade, Stokely, John T. Stuart, Tilling-
hast, Toland, Toinlinson, Trumbull, Underwood,
Van Rensselaer, Wallace, Thomas W. Williams,
Winthrop, Yorke, Augustus Young, and John
Young—89.
Thus the petition was laid on the table,
Mr. ANDREWS, after presenting one or two
other petitions of a similar character, on which
the question of reception was raised and laid on
the table, said that he had some fifteen petitions of
the same nature, which he had been requested to
present, but would forbear doing so, as he sup.
posed from the decision of the House to-day they
would be rejected.
Mr. WELLER presented several petitions on
the subject of slavery; which, on his motion, were
laid on the table.
Mr. COWE2Í said he had several petitions of
this kind which, although he was unwilling to oc-
cupy the time oi the House by taking the yeas and
nays, he felt forced to present, to be disposed of as
the House thought pn per. He then presented a
number rf petitions, which were severally rejected
or laid on the labia.
Mr. STANLY asked if it was in order to move
a reconsideration of the vote by which the petitions
presented by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Wel-
leb] were laid on the table. He merely called the
attention of the House to the fact, th*t, although
the gentleman bad voted for the 21st rule, he
yet felt himself bounl to present abolition peti-
tions.
Mr. WELLER said he had felt bound to pre-
sent the petitions of h;s consumen.';:; andas, from
the recent decisions of the Hi-use, they were re-
jected, be had moved to lay them on the table.
Mr. STANLY said he wished it migtu be re-
membered that gentlemen who belonged to the
Whig party, and were opposed to the 21st rule,
•who presented such petitions, were influenced by
like considerations.
Petitions were further presented—
From Ohio: By Messrs. STOKELY and P. G.
GOODE:
Fío'mJTenne=;íce: By Mr. ARNOLD.
From Kentucky: By Messrs. J. B. THOMPSON,
TRIPLE IT, L. W. ANDREWS, and G. DA-
VIS.
Mr. Gr. DAVIS ptesented a petition asking for
the repeal of the Bankrupt law.
Mr. CRAVENS moved the reference of the pe-
tition to the Committee on the Judiciary, with in-
structions to that committee to report a bill repeal-
ing the bankrupt law, and en this motion called
the previous question.
Mr. PROFPIT raised a point of order that the
resolution must lie over one day, as giving rise to
debate, and against the propriety of the previous
question under the circumstances in wh:ch it
was now moved.    He moved a call of the House.
Mr. CHITTENDEN moved to lay the petition
on the table.
Pending which motion, a motion was made by
Mr. J. T. MASON that the House adjourp; which
prevailing—
The House adjourned.
Of the petitions presented to-day, the following
have been brought to the notice oí the Repórter:
Mr. CO WEN piesented the petition of twenty-
four legal voters of Belmont county, Ohio, against
a rule or law abridging the right oí petition.
Also, a petition irem the ;ame, praying for the
removal oí the seat of Government. Not re-
ceived.
Also, a pe'ilion from ¡he same, for Hie repeal of
certain laws and constitutional provisions therein
mentioned.   Not received.
Also, a petition from the same, for the repeal of
certain laws therein mentioned.   Not received.
Also, a resolution to refer the claim of Josiah
Dillon to the Committee of Claims.
Also, a resolution to refer the claim of Wm.
Bean for a pension, to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions.
Mr. ARNOLD presented the petition of Lieut.
Isaac Justice, of Green county, Tennessee, an
officer of the late war, praying to be placed on
the invalid pension roll; which was referred accord-
ingly.
Mr. CASEY presented the proceedings of a large
and respectable meeting of the citizens of Coles
county, Illinois, held at Greenup, in said county,
asking an appropriation for the completion of the
national road in said State; which, on his motion,
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. C. also introduced papers explaLatory of the
claim of Ashal Lee, Lemuel Lee, and Harvey
Lee, for extra work on the national road, first sec-
tion of the western division in Illinois; and, on his
motion, they were referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana, presented the fol-
lowing petitions:
Of inhabitants of Concordia, Loaisiana, for a
pest route from Red River Landing to New Car-
thajre; of citizens of Concordia and Catahoula,
Louisiana, for a post road to Flowery Mound;
which were referred to the Commiitee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Also, of the heirs and legal representatives of
Christopher Teal, of Louisiana; of Eugene Borel,
of Louisiana; of Elizabeth Foley and others, of
Louisiana; of Louis E. Trichel, of Louisiana;
evidence in support of the claim of Hagh Mul-
Hollan; evidence in support of the claim of-Frede-
rick Williams, assignee of James Crowe; evidence
in support of the claim of John Close; clnim of
George Depassao. Which were referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Also, of John N. and B. H. Payne, of Loui-
siana; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Alio, the proceedings of a Whig conven'ion
held at Baton Rouge, La. on the 4th October, 1841;
which was laid on the table.
Also, the memotial of Lucius C. Duncan, in re-
lation to the Bankrupt law; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. G1DDINGS presented a petition, and spoke
as follows: I take great pleasure in presenting to
the House a petition of a number of gentlemen in
Warren, in the county of Trumbull, and State of
Ohio, calling the attention of Congress to the wheat
growing mieres's of the Northwest, and askmg the
adoption e£ such measures as will procure admis-
sion of our wheat to foreign ports upon terms of
reciprocity. This, sir, I believe, is the first dis-
tinct movement made-an this floor in favor of an
interest destined at no distant day to stand first in
importance among the subjects claiming the atten-
tion of Government. All the other interests of
the North and South have heretofore received the
fostering care of Government, but to this day the
welfare of our people engaged in growing grain
has been overlooked. Sir, I feel grateful to the
petitioners who have made me the humble instru-
ment of presenting to this House the first petition
on this subject. In accordance with the practice
of the House, I move its reference to a select com-
mittee.
Mr. STOKELY presented the petition of Carrier
Tomlinsnn, John Robinson, and others, 70 men;
and of Elizabeth McMillan, Hannah Coates, and
others, 90 women, of Jefferson county, Ohio, re-
monstrating against the annexation of Texas to
the Union, &,".. Referred to the Committ-e on
Foreign Relations.
Also, the petition of William Robinson, Joseph
Wood, and 60 other men; and of Jane Robinson,
Mary Ann lipdcgraff, and 90 other women, of Jef-
ferson county, Ohio, praying for the abolition of
flavc-ry in the District of Columbia and the Terri-
tories of the United States, and the domestic slave
trade; which he moved might be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, the memorial and petition of Thomas Lee,
W. Welch, and others, 130 legal voters of Harri-
son county, Ohio, praying that proper steps be
taken for the repeal of all laws, &c. by which the
people of the free States or the Government are
bound to protect the institution of slavery.   Refer-
red to the Commiitee on the Judiciary.
Also, the memorial and petition < f A. F. Han-
na, Littleton Hill, and others, 153 citizens of the
same county, praying Congress to recognise the
independence of Hayti. Referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MATHIOT presented the petition of John
Monroe and 270 others, of Muskingum county,
Ohio, praying the early passage-of a law prohibit-
ing the transportation of the mail on the Sabbath
day.
Also, the petition of William Butler and other?,
praying that a mail route be established from
Zanesvilie, Muskingum county, Ohio, by Baxter's
and Bealmen's cross roads, to Frazeysburgh, in
said county.
Also, the petition of Jacob Crumbaker and
others, praying that the mail route from Zanes-
vilie to Salt creek, in Muskingum county, Ohio, be
estended, on the nearest and best route, to Cum-
bsrland, in Guernsey county, and thence back to
fealt creek, by the way of Calhoun's mill.
Mr. STUART of Illinois presented the petition
of N. Belcher and others, ci'izens of Illinois, prey-
ing that patents may be issued in certain cases
where informal purchases have been made in the
Galena land office, Illinois.
Also, the petition of 87 persons, navigating and
transacting business on the Northern lakes, pray-
ing the establishment of a port of entry at Chicago,
Illinois.
Also, a letter from the District Judge of the
State of Illinois.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi presented the
memorial of the President and Directors of Grand
Gulf Railroad Company.
Mr. H. DODGE, delegate from Wisconsin,
presented ihe following petitions from the citizens
of that Territory, on the Sih inMant, all of which
were referred to the appropriate committees, viz :
Four petitions asking for a mail route from South
Port to Beloit; eight for a harbor at Southport;
three for an appropriation for a road from South-
port to Beloit; memorials from the Legislative As-
sembly, asking appropriadons for roads, to wit:
from Milwaukie to Beloit, for the completion cf
the road from Milwaukie through Madison to the
Mississippi; from Southport to Beloit; a memorial
of the officers of the schooner Dolphin, wrecked
on Lake Michigan, near Hacine; a petition, and a
memorial of the Legislative Assembly, asking an
appropriation for a harbor at Rach-e; three peti-
tions for an appropriation to improve the Fox and
Wisconsin rivers; one for the tstabliihment of a
post route from Chicago, via. Geneva, Elkhorn, and
White Water, to the country seat of Jefferson
county; one for a road from Southport to Burling-
ton; two petitions for an appropriation for a har-
bor at Milwaukie; a memorial from the Legisla-
tive Assembly in behalf of the settlers on the line
of the Milwaukie and Rock River Canal; a me-
morial on the subject of school lands; a memorial
in favor of the settlers on the canal lands; a me-
morial for the improvement of the navigation of
the Mississippi river; a memorial for lh  construction
of a railroad from Lake Michigan to the Missis-
sippi; a memorial for the improvement of the
Pox, Rock, and Peckatonika and Platte rivers,
and also of the Grant Sloo; a petition for a mail
route from Madison to Monroe in Green county;
petition of George H. Walker for the right of pre-
emption to "Walker's Point," at Milwaukie; peti-
tion of Joseph Rolette asking for the confirmation
of the title of John Campbell to a tract of land
adjoining the town of Prairie du Cbien; petition of
the citizens of PlatteviSle and vicinity, residing on
reserved mineral lands, to be allowed to purchase
the improvements; petition of inhabitants on the
Canal lands, that they may enter their lands at the
minimum price; a memorial from the President
(Geoge Medeira) and trustees of the town of Poto-
sí, asking for a grant of land for the improvement
of the navigation of Grant river to the town of
Potori.
After the presentation and reference of the
above memorials and petitions, Mr. DODGE
stated that in accordance wkh a notice which be
given some time since, he would then ask leave
