CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
tm
cords of the Treasury permitted the same to be
made up; also, the annual amount of gold and
silver coinage in the mint and branch mints of ihe
United States since the establishment of the mint;
also, the annual exportation of gold and tilver
coinage of the mint of the Um'ed State*, with a
letter of recapitulation, showing the aggrega'e un-
der each head.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, in answer to a tesolution passed the Senate
on the 3d instant, showing the present number of
cadets in the Military Academy at West Point
from each State and Territory oí the Union, and
from the District of Columbia; the regulation ex-
isting in the W ar Department respecting the ap-
portionment of cadets as to apportionment among
the several States; and the whole number of ap-
pointments.
On motion of Mr GRAHAM, ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, in compliance with the act of March 3, 1809,
containing a statement of contracts made by the
various branches of that department, on behalf of
the United States, during the year 1841
The PRESIDENT pro ira laid before the Se-
nate a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, in compliance with a resolution adopted
by the Senate on the 23d ultimo, at the instance of
Mr. Txppan. The communication enclosed the
annexed statement fiona the Register of the Trea-
sury, with reference to which the Secretary holds
the following language, viz. " It is deemed proper
to state that the amount ef Treasury notes tp
peanng to be outstanding on any particular day by
the books of the Register, is based on tne amount
issued and the amount received, winch has finally
passed the accounting officers The statements an
nexedot the amoun's outstand'ng do not, therefore,
include those redeemed, which were, at trie dates
specified, in the bands of the acceuntiug officers for
settlement."
Statement of the public debt on the2¿d of December, 1811
Treasury notes outstanding (A)              -                S7,3S2 027 69
Debt of the corporate cities  of the D stuct of
Columbia, assumed by the United States              1 440,000 00
The(old) funded and unfunded debt, viz
The funded debt
principal,
interest,
S52 411 70
¿40 728 81
The unfunded debt—
Registered certificates,   $26 6?2 44
Treasury notes issued
during the late wai          4 475 00
Mississippi certificates,     4 1¿0 09
1163 60
35 417 53
Loan, per act of 2lst July,
scribed   -
1811     Amount sub
328,681 13
5 677,476 88
$14728085 70
(A.)—This amount is exc!u3tveof notes received for duties
and lands subsequent to the 30ih of September last, and not
reported on for record in th s olice by the accounting oflicer
Statement of the public doblón, tltedd of March 1841
Treasury notes outstanding (B)                               SO t>07,361 54
Debt of the  coiporate cities of the District of
Columbia, assumed by the Un ted States              1,440 000 00
The (old) funded and unfunded debt, vr
The funded debt-
principal,    $53174 33
interest,        213 106 "fi
The unfunded debt-
Registered certific tes,  §20 622 14
Treasury notes lsiuea
during the war,               4 4'5 00
Mississippi certificáis ,    4 320 09
$296 230 ;4
835 41/ 53
331 698 27
s8 j-9 059 81
rBV-This amount is exclusive of notes receiyed for duties
and lands subsequent to 31 t of Deceit,ber, 1840 which were not
reportedon for recoru on the 31 of Match, 1811, oy th,. account
mg officers
Tkeasoty Department                 ,.„-,,,,
Register'  Ofice, December 23 Wl
s                                    T  L SMITH, Register
On motion of Mr TAPPAN, it was ordered to
lie on the table and be printed.
Also, a communication fren the Tieasury^ De-
partment, in compliane; with a resolution of tee
Senate of the 3d of Ma-ch last, comprising a s'a'e-
jnent of the names of persons to whom the milita-
ry land scrip has been issued, on military land war-
rants, &c.
The PRESIDENT also read a letter from the
Hon. Mr Dixon of Rhode Island, stating that bis
health was such as to preclude his attention to the
business of chairman of the Committee on Kevo-
lutionary Claims, and asking to be excused there-
from.
Mr. CLAYTON expressed the hope that the
wishes of the Senator might be complied wuh At
the same time, he desired that he might not be ap-
pointed to the station, as his health was utterly in-
adequate to th« task. Mr. C spoke of the vast
business before the commit'ce, chiefly that wh ch
had again and again been acted on by ihe Senate,
yet was every session renewed by Senates moving
to take the pppers from the files and having them
referred to the committee He should ftel it aduiy
to move for Rome chsnge in the rules, hy which
business of this nature should not be again brought
before the committee after having been so repeat
edly rejected, unless brought before them on a new
petition from the person concerned, showing that
he was aggrieved by the decision of the committee,
and pointing out the error of that decision.
The question was taken, and Mr. Dixon was
excused from serving on the committee.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memor al from
the Board of Trade of tne city of Philadelphia re-
questing that the bankrupt law may be modified <-o
as not to apply to any debts here'ofore contracted,
and, if this she uld not be done, thai the law be so
amended that there may be no discharge under it,
unless the assets of the bankrupt can pay fifty per
cent in the dollar; and if this should not be effect-
ed, that the law be repealed altogether. Refeired
to the Jud'ciary Committee.
Mr. B also presented the m'-morial of the Cham
bcr of Commerce of the citj of Philadelphia, ask-
ing Congress to make an appropriation to purchase
the edifice occup ed by ihe Bank of the Urn ed
States, for a r-us'om house, and stating nat it no
doubt could be purchased for half of the amount
expended for the erec ion of the custom-hous3 at
New York.
On motion of Mr B. permission w« piven to
withdraw fiom the riles the papers of Col Juhn°on
of the Revolutionary army, for the purpose of lay-
ing the same before the Legislature of New York
Numerous memo-ials were presented against the
postponement or rereal of the bankrupt act, bv
Messis M1NGUM, CLAYTON, CLAY,
WHITE, BATES, MILLER, MOSEHEAO,
BERRIEN, CHOATE, TALLMADGE HEN
DERSON, BENTON, PORTER, YOUNG, and
SIMMONS, from citizens of New York citv and
Brooklyn.    Referred to the Judiciary Committee
Also, Mr. PRENTISS presented the memonil
of D A Fairchild and others, of the city of New
Yorls, remonstra'ing against the repeal or any mo-
dification of the bankrupt law. Mr. P. "aid, that
to avo'd any inference being drawn that his views
of the law had undergone any charge, (ewtull
merely state th?t his opinions m regard to it re-
mained unaltered, pnd that he presente 1 ui - me-
morial in pursuance of a snecal request made lo
him
Mr WALKER presented a memorial from New
York, advrse to the postponement or íeival oí th 
Bankrupt hw. He remarked that tae pe nle or
Ins St it  were not  ient upon this subject The
Legisla ere >t h's Sate, at the last ses«ioi, \>*C
passed resolutions request n  the Re^ce.* m <-.,,
ard instructing the Senators, to vote for tint h ,
and thise ve OiUtions of ins nidion vieie --'ill nn
repep'cd, and be wa1- thus under ínMriut o is to
vote for a Bankrupt law, which he conside eJ tan-
tamount to in ructions to vote asamst a rep al
Ha shiu'd therefb'e ful himself bound ti roe
against v, repeal, fb.pi.gn b<  would not fe ' bojp i
to vo'e against a ¡rroposAon io amend, so a* ti
rmk" the law praetH-RNe, and ?t the sa i,  t m
opera lte on banking instituí.o> s He «as ?'-
«ay> in favor ol írc'udiug the b^n'rs with n i
piovisions. He believed it vas of tae u'f'Os im-
portance to the country that the~e ms Uuttons
should be included, to give the people a proper eon
trol over them, and thereby to relieve t^e countiy
from, its present derangement of busites , and dis-
tress, and to restore healthy action to the currency
and exchanges. This question was the great battle
field on which victory was to be lost or gained, bV
.tween the banks and the people. There was no
other power under the Constitution whereby they
could restore the currency or put these institutions
into liquidation, or prevent an over issue of paper
money, or one so important m regulating the ex-
changes What was called exchanges now, it
seemed, was nothing more than the difference be-
tween the price of depreciated ar>d irredeemable
paper and specie; which in Pmladelphia differed 50
per cent in institutions on one side of the street
from those on the opposite side.
The way to regulate this kind of exchange was to
drive the depreciated bank paper out of circulation.
If we pass a bankrupt act, io cng insolvent institu-
tions into liquidation, it would most effectually do
it in every<S ate of the Union. Uider the present
state of things, it one State desires to restrain the
circulation of irredeemable paper, and compel
banks to resume the payment of specie, a sister
S a'e can prevent that desirable end, by counter le-
gislation. Therefore, there was nothing which
could be done, unless it was done through the bank-
rupt bib, to restore the currency These institu-
tions have already whipped the State Legislatures
to humiliation and degradation. Every thing that
they have asked of ihe Legislatures, tbey have not
fii'ed to receive They hpve been peimitted to
remim, by legislative emuuitnt, four yearsia a
state of susp-iibton. Having whipped the State
Legislatures, they wished to see whether they can-
rot force Congress to jiell acquiescence to their
wishes He should, tuercfore, vote against the re-
peal, bat wou'd vote in favor of an amendment to
include the bankc He believed it much easier to
amend the existing law than to pacs a supple-
mentary law in an isolated form, to attain that end.
Mr. W exptesced mm h siirpr se to see the
banks denomic rig th  re rcsnec ive operation of the
law, and lecturing Congres-5 on morals, and the m-
v olabihty ot contracts, m lb ir petitions for the re-
peal of the Kw, when he retVc ed that tluy do not
pay their debts, and at the sarre time the property
of the stckholders of thebe institutions is released
irom any liab lily by their State charters It showed,
however, strange vagaries of the human mind when
operated on by self-m'erest.
Mr MOREHEAD prewn'ed a meircial from.
400 to 500 ctizens of Louisville, asking that the
Bankrupt law might be repealed.
Mr CHOATE presented a peUton, signed by
fifty merchants of Boston, praj ng t at the Bank-
rupt law  ay go mto operation without delay.
Also, tne resolutions of a large meeting held in
Boston, expressing a similar desire.
Mr. BENTON presented numerous memorials
in favor of the postponement and repeai of the
Bankrupt law.
Mr CLAY presentí! a p^tit on rumerously
signed by pilots nav.ga'mg the wa e « of the Ohio
and ¡VUsst  ippi me «, p'ay igtrat Gensress may
tike i"to c ">■= dera'tenthe pr-pne > of gi< irg them
proiee < >r, b} p~ Mrg a l w so U  t no pe^on shall
be puih i, 3d te r< 'Í -m i " ('an of ? pi i*, unless
previou'-'y e-a im1" tí vy a b ?rd, srd fo md ca, a-
b'f. Til" ir«mrn 1  ts at >iou'e ih* men cf 'he
dv  rs ín the - rivets to the iinompftercy of
p lo s ''r C s". ' it was n snbject rf vas' inte-
rest 'o th e ^\bo i /ei ?t g pro; u y were perilled
no voqi ei c- of '' ° e  ' coiipl net1 cf He
hoper" tK'-'j ", C n i (t oa Coir merce (to
r'it'iti'riT  ri ii          e'es eC) voj d give the
snoi'-e    bt      "r   tiei. íítrai   n
hit WHiTC p <-*sr e' c ta'n res lotions of
tae Ha't of Indiana, co-crnine ¡bz -election of
Iptllsnlri i the si\uen J eil on, granted to
tut S e ri" se* o j 'lutpjEc- reftire^ to the Com-
rr it ee o   , ehi <• Land .
f r CLtlRIEN presented a mfinor ai iVm cm-
7"t)so"G ' gia, pr? ing for i>ie r >c -• n a 'ort
m iiai C at . rtUncd to the C mmu e  on Mili-
tary AfTaiis
Mr. B iRROW presented !ue ire"ior,al of the
New Orleans Railro '1 Comí .r.j, praying that Con-
giess -Rill release that Compaay trom a judgment
obtained m the Diatr.ct Court oí Louisiana, Sor
