114
gentlemen who were raising the cr> of free üade to reco'lect
that the duty which Tí anee levies on one million of dollars of
oui tobacco was ere.! er than toe duty laid m this country on
twenty two millions of dollars of their wmet. and silka And
he would ask thein if they would adopt the system of free tu.de
which they advocated while our products, were taxed to such
an enormous amount in other countneb It was time that we
turned our utenüon ta this subject, m order to raise íevenue
nece«saiy to supply the watita of Government In connection
■with this subject, he sont to the Clerk's tablean ar lele which
was read oy the Cterk
But he would conclude by a reference to the amendment
which he had offered and would consume ro more of the time
of the House on whost, pauence he should not soon again ties
pass unltss it were to ans el mwrcpiesentationg made on
this floor to w' ich no other gentleman lephel The gentle
man ftom Kentucky [Mr Underwood] hid gone over the
ground that these notes should be paid out directly to the cie
ditors of the United states He (Mr A) thought this w uld
be the better plan, and, to perfect it, wished his  amendment
a lopted, ii the gentleman would not accept it as a modif cation
of hnprot)osiiion
What he wanted was tins lie objected to Treasury no es,
because it gave the Pi evident and his Cabinet too much patron
age, at d le ! to coriupuon, and it was too easny do e The
Tieasmy notes had never been issued m súmales than fifty
dollars, an 1 'he conseqaence was, the smallu credit oír of the
Government ha 1 nevei iece¡\ed them, and that iaey fly 'ike
kites over the heads of the commoi people He w tntedthetfi
to be paid to the cieditor of the Go%e nment, and wanted tnem
reducel to the denomina ion of f*vt do'!ar«, üo th^t the indivi
dual who lt-Ceive^. Ursre tmounfof them ftom the Government,
instead of going a u tief o itiug tnem m the ranks and pay in 
ojt to tli*  opent V •> the shin; idlers of t *> binífs, con 1 pay
them m tie «¡imec irr rtcy, and'pt them ha/ethe a ivanfi*e oí
it, if i wí ¿rty bat o than ill c mmon cuirency orthe conn
try If litre wab my WjV by wh ch he i^ is of Tiea^ury
notes could itlieve the co j i ry m the slightest ucgice, it would
bo from the d nenJu it which he rndoftt-red Mi. A having
concluded—
Mi 3 K INGER30LL obtained the Ü03r, but expressed
himself willing to >¡e!d enher for a motion to rise and repoit
the bill,or «imply to £i e
\ Mr SlANLYhop d that if the committee lose, it would be
with the undeia atiding that the bill should be repoited to
morrow
Mr FILLMORE wa&satu-fWl, he^aid that it was out of the
powet of a majority to tot ie the hi 1 out orcommi!tee so long
as ihue wasa third of thetommi* en (Mi T was understood to
say) who were mi willing that the debite hou d cea^e He,
therefore, susrgts ed (aid was umleibto ni tj move) that the
co nrnutep rise Jt wisn >w ¡as-t the iiaiul houi of adjourn
ment and hehiptdcl U n \v II j l his je&uluum would be
taken up an I that tie V ni^e would fi\ n¡ n two o clock to
monow, oi ? pv other dchi itei om,«t winch t^e bill thould
be taken out oí com ii tee
And ihequtetio i being en ths motion that the commit ee
rise—
Mi McKECVNrmle a remaik (veiy mlibtipctlj Jieaid by
the Kepouei ) nit which wis undeibiood to be that he defied
to make a lew rtrrai ks
Mi GILMEith id a atig^e tton to make, he "aidt to the ¡ren
tleman from iNew Yoik, [\lr Fili/mo e J lhere might be
Othíi amen linen i. to the bill bed d 3 tho=c which were now
pendmg And it mi<rn be better tid'ai! the immtlments eon
templated sh  u 1 beoiletul inCt in tee   ¡ ' " Who e
Mi  FÜLMORF     Ihe leaokuion ptovidea '01 tint
Mr   G'i Mb R-ndh   h 11   pa n«n 'mmu whicí  f lobanly he
shoui 1 dt, ut-   o   ti 1  and if     n     iou J w sh to 1 ave an < ¡.
portumty ofoTen g it 11 com nutet  aadascompar> rgnwith
some cxplaimio  <=>
Mr X ILLMORÍj wisiinder&too' to ay that the resolution
provide 1 thtf any m nl 11 nt vhich genticnínmigi demuelo
offer ¡should br- ¡jf  it Im, mnmut
Mr Gil MER su i he iccjM " hat ^t th-3 ex 1a bes&snri it
wa' n^t dcetr^di 1 0 Tci hi mike explanations after the adip
tnn ol artbolu it u to terimnite debite
Mi ">i VMA ="ai I if P\ Im 10 v jp o be 1 ade we
should he heie ilia -. De Liuatr If th lnerd^oft e Prp*i
dent he\3 wou 11 1 aii us m titimg t^i* 11 iOat uico mint ee,
let them bear the Ma ne
Mr Gil M-dK, sail ttirbuhjec **7 he  td itself to the fr endu f
thecountiy an I not oí t cl'ieident    
Mr ¡>1AM\ 1 en the gent urao make-, a distinct on
between th<j lu nd* of the P evident and the friems of tn,
CJjn rv
Mr GIÍ MER «ai 1 'hat he maje n > <?uch di ttn^ti m Tie only
desire 1 1 o be und ifft iod hi in ih° poluto iieíccu^ied m
tnett flooi he wa the it pie eatauveoi the c< u it v, his friend
gaip a ku H\iei ee 3   o itid t 1
Mr s"1!! HI  V 1 ai ni fc ire to ma\e a su ffe ti«n 1 uf,
ami 1st so muc 1 contusión, the puipoit was not he rd by ih-
lie crtei
Mr HI LMORC, m ib 1 nre, as apne?u 1 fo the Reponer
of areqie r to t.ha eif*1 t rum several qti Hers with hew the
mo 1011 that tl *- con n t ^e ii&,e in 3 that theq ie« ion might
be taker on hi an ^n J mente to he til!
And tie ( hairm n aniouiCod tir \ end<rg qi^sioi to
be o 1 the an ^ndia nt tj thv, uuenumtnt, as  jrr pe^ed ¡y Mr
AR"\0LD
Mi nfOMPaO'S ol Mis' «1 -tpi, rnovca that the comm «.e
XiSC   which no 10      a^" ee   1
An 1   fit ( uiiruii'' 1   p u a thequ s 101 as above
Wh      s vtie  Lf        an    tibiigto   peak
Mr Si A'ScA mío r ¡ed t) t t* Ciauman tiat V eep le
man ftom Per 1 viv 1 \ Ti J K Ínc^íes lí } win lid
yiele ! J tie fu t iai ui to ii'jUUUi waa en tied to u bv
Co^r tv
Mr TNGF l*"c>M iH 11 f any 0 ie was t^ soeak! e
claimed the fl n \t\ 1 \ 1 ng to vuUl foi an/ puip^e
whieh the H    =•     it h  ir h aU
Som-'cjovef     ¡or t      w   i   n tV     point
WtenMr r F M<v«l-il M [ Ii 1 ccpsoll ^ 1 Jine t a
fioo' fortha Dk    o   Jbo\  r"   hut  efo     a t ee 11st
Win h notion by ¡>eb *? its 1 ' tojrted, was agreed
to So the committee ro 11, and the Chanm^i reportel pío
eiess
Mr FILLMORE now ask el the unanimous conepnt of the
House to take up and consider the re 0 ntions offerea by him
this morning- m order to fix some time (he was no partic dar
wben)atwhich the de'iateshould cease, and the bill be report-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ed    Ter himself, he was willing to agree to any time that a
majority of the House might indicate
Mr McKLON moved that the House adjourn
Mr   STaVLY aatod the yeas and nays on  that   motion,
which  were ordeied,  and, being   taken,    were—yeas   43,
nays 10?
too the House refused to adjourn
I he resolution of Mr Fillwobe being then read, to wit
Revoked, That in consideration of the urgent necessity of
the Treasury, the debate in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Uraoh on House hill No 67, to authorize an
issue of Tieasury notes, fi om and" after two o'clock to moriow
shall cea=e, and the committee shall then proceed to vo'e on all
amendments pending, and which may be submitted, and eha'l
then lerort the same, with such amendments as may have
been agreed to, to the House, unless the same shall be sooner
lepoited to the House by the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union
Mi MlKIJON rose and objected to the consideration of the
resolution
Mr T F MARSHALL rose and moved to amend the resilu
tion,by striking out the words "to morrow," and ini>ertlnff Fri
day (at ttvo o clocl? )
Mi FILLMORE said he had no choice He would submit
to any thin? that was acceptable to the House
Mr G1DDINGS hoped the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr
Marshall] would not insist on his amendment, Fuday being
private bill day
Mr LEWIS WILLIAMS said something not heard by the
Kenorter
Mr MARSHALL then suggested four o'clock to morrow, in
stead of two
Mr  TU Í \T01E concurred
Mr MiKEONsaid thatitwasfar fiom his pmpose to throw
any obstacle m the way of speedv action on the b'll It was
the fixiniroftlietime by the resolution—the p mcipie of the <*ag
that was appliel at the last session, that he obiected to He
would remark that nine of the majority had spoken on this hill,
wbiUonly threeof the opposition had been heard
Mr F1LIMORTJ said that this was not a party question
Members'Of both pai ties were divided on it
Mr McKEON said he meantthe majority of the last session,
and nine of them had been heard
Mr PFNDLETON was understood to suggest that the objec
t on to the íesolution ceme too late
Mr McKEON contended not asserting that he had, on the
lesdit g of the resolution risen in his place, and distinctly ob
j ected to its consideration
In this statement Mr McKeon was sustained by members
neat him
The SPEAKER said, such being the state of the case, the
lesolution cou'd only be considerred by a suspension of 'he
rules
Mr FILLMORE moved a suspension thereof
Mi   CLIrrORD asked ihe yeas and nays, awhich were or
d?Jel and being taken, were as lollows
\ CAS—Mesara Adams, Landaff W Andrews Sherlock J
Arnold Aycngg Babcock Barton Birdse e Boaidmnn, Bk
den, Bous, Boyd, Brew=ter, Brisg", Brco way Bronson, M
Brown, Calhoun, Thomas J Campbell, Caruthers, Ca ey,
Chllds Chittenden, S'aley N Clarke, C if per, Cow en Clan
ston, Cravens Cushinjr, Garrett Davis Heberry, John Ed
wiids Everett F ssenden, Fillmoie Gamble, Gites, Genuy,
G Imei Gog^m Patnck G Goode, Giabam danger, Gieen,
ITaher&ham Hall, Halsted Hays Hemy Howird T isepb R
Insrer^oll Jame" Irvm, William W lrwi i, C ave lohn^on I D
Tine¡> John F Kennedy, Lane, Lawience, Abraham Mcnlel
Ian Th mes F Manh !', Samson Mison, Mathiot M ttock
Mixwell Mivnard Menwethei \ioorp Morrow Ow^!e\,Pai
nit lite1 Farm lCTe, Peaice PulJieton Powell R^m^ey Ben]?
in n Randall R-indolnh Ravnei, Ridgwrf^, R du y William
Ru=;=e31 lArne^ M Russell Saltón tall ^hepppi i Simonton
1 inman bmnh, Stanly, Alexander II H Stuait, I ihn F
b unt, ^limners, lalnftrro, Richaid W Thorn( son lining
ha^t, T( land, Tomhn^on, Turney, TJndeiwood, Warrer, Wash
ip<"on, Thomas W Williams, Lewis Williams, Winthrop,
\ irke Autrus us Young—104
"naA*)—Messrs Arlington, \therton, Aaron V Blown Chas
Brown hutke, Wi Inm O Butler Gieen W CaJlweii Pi'
mliC Ca ovvell Cary, Cliff ird, Clinton, Dane, Ruhard O
l>iv Diw on, Doin Hoig Eastman Egbert FetiN I hu G
Fl >d Charles A Fio^d Foinanct, William O Geo le Goi 1 >na
(.iistme Hairi Tohn Hastings Hop'ins, ifouck Huhai 1 ("
I in^ci oil, Kenn, Andrew Kennely lewis I iwell Robeit
M rielhn, McKay, McKeon, Marchand V Marshall, Meuil ,
Millar New! ird Ptumer Proffir, Redi ia Revnoldss Ri^£3)
R osevel, Sanford, bhlv, Shields, William «riith, Snyi'ei,
Sprna, Steenrod John B Thompson, Jacob Tl omp on, Van
Burn Wrllei, Wes brook, James W Williams, C II Wil
hams, má Wcod—fi1!
bo two thuds not voting in the affiimative, tne rules were
ni sufcf ended
Mr FILI MORE then rose, and gave notice that he intended
to move Ins resolution daily, that the country might know why
itwas thai tns measuie was not acted on
Mi PilOrFir said hi. also gave notice that he woull leifw
the mo ion Inly foi the Comim tie on the Tudiciaiy to repoit
| oi tha repeil of the Bankiupt bill, in order ilnt t ecouitry
s mignt^ee who itwaethatwas keeping back that íeport
^ A membor(hcard butnot seen by the Reponer) moved that
-    the House do now idiourn
¡i      But the  SPEAKER, by  general consent, laid before the
1     House
' A communication from the Treasuiy Hepartm^nt enclos
ir g retnmo from the banks of the 1 istnct refe re 1 to Ihe
C mmi ee for the Distuct oí Columbia, and ordered ..o be
pn   cd
A so the annt.il repoit from tne ^scretaiy of the "Navy
on th su ject of the employment of clerks n that Depart
mamiii thPir comnensumn refeired to the Comnn te°
(n theEvocniitures in the Navy Depaitment, and ordered to
hi. ^iin ed
Mr ?IsKEOA>T moved that the House -esolve i self i   o Com
mittee of the Whole on the state of the I men foi  the pui po^e
of resuming the consideration of   the Treasury note bill and
asked the veis and na/son that motion
Mr SPRIGG mocetl that the House adjo irn
A member (not seen by the Reporter, for the darkness was
now becoming visible) asked the yeas nays which were order-
ed, and being taken the vote stood—yeas 75, nays 102
So the Hou e refused to adjourn
i
..........■ ' r   ......         .i. ......   .in, ■............ ,.....
Mr WELLER moved that the House resolue itself into Com.
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, for the purpose
of íesummg the consideration of the Treasury Note bill, and
asked the yeas and nays, w Inch were refused
A brief conversation between Mr AlsDRLWSof Kentucky
and the SPEAKER followed, having reference, as the Reporter
thinks to the order of business
Mr FILLMORE complan ed that there was so much confu'
sion„that not a w ord of what wis going on could he heard
Mi ANDREWS of Kentucky moved that the House ad
journ
Mr STEENROD asked the yeas and nays on that motion,
which were refused
The motion was then put and agreed to
And at ten minutes past five o'clock, the House adjourned.
IN S EH ATE,
Thursday, January 13,1842.
The PRESIDENT pro tern of the Senate laid
before tfeat tody a report from ihe Commissioner
of Public Buildings, showing the expenditures out
of the funds for the public buildings.
Mr. PRENTISS presented the petition of Har-
man Ktrg fcury, praying for the repeal of that part
of the ." ot cf Congress regulating the Post Office
Department which requires postmasters to deliver
letters, papers, &c. on Sunday: referred to the
Committee rn the Post OiBce and Po<t Roads.
¡VTessr . HUNTINGTON, KERR, MANGUM,
TALLAIADGE. MILLER, HENDERSON,
PHELPS, BUCHANAN, BERRIEN, CLAY,
and WOODBRIDGE, presented memorials prin-
cipally from citizens of New York, remonstrating
against the modification, postponement, or repeal
of the Bankrupt law; which were referred to the
Judiciary Committee.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from cer-
tain firms m the city of New York, praying the
repeal of the Bankrupt law. He remarked that a
few of the firms were known to him, and were re-
spectable bu«meas men.
Mr BUCHANAN presented a memorial nume-
rously siiJied by ci'izers cf Lancaster, Pennsylsa-
ma, setting fonh that that town was an eligible lo.
catinn for lh  national foundr} proposed to be
esiabhfcbfd by th.- Government Mi. B. remarked
ihat it would not be proper for him, as he was re-
siding m tr-at place, lo say much upon the sub-
ject; yet he believed that when the claims of that
place were examined, it would be found the most
admirable location in the Union- referred to the
Commiitpeon Military Affairs.
Mr. MERRICK. p¡e«ented the memorial of a
large number cf the ct'izens rf ihe city of Balti-
more, reffjonstraiiiig against any interference wiih
the Bail'rupt law, ei'her by posiponemcnt, amend-
ment, or repeal.
Mr. MERRICK, in present ng this memorial,
said he vould take the occasion to remark that he
had votea for the law in question at the last session,
and he h?d seen eo reason smes to change his opi-
nion, ei Ler as to the constitutionality of the law
it elf, or 'he salutary effpct. to be expected from it.
He would iurther remark that there appeared to be
some stiange inconsistencies m the pos'tisns as-
sumed and maintained by gemlemen who had given
their opinions on a previous day m favor of a re-
peal ot the la>v. It was, for irstance, contended
that Congress had no power lo emh ace within the
r/r\ vi-ions of a bankrupt law insolvents, but must
confine i s operation strictly 'o bankrupts. Now,
he conld not understand the disiim tion gentlemen
wisned io make. Insolvency, according to some
of ¡he best legal auihors, consum ed bankrupicy,
átid >et senderean baid an insolvent could not be a
bankrupt.
He had this morning taken occasion hastily to
look at Jacob's Law Dictio; ary, and he found that
that author, trea'irg oí the tutject of bankruptcy,
spy<¡,at page 234:
The 'eg s,ature Mvmg thus, by positive 'aw, declared what
acts s ull be cons Vred as critcnons of insolvency or fraud
whereon to srroutid a commission, nono other can be admitted
by míete   toi analogy
Plainly declaring that insolvency is a constituent
of bankrup'cy, and the ground lor the issuance of
a comwi ssioti, the part cular act oj bankruptcy being
but ths evidence of the tsc of ¡>¡ olvency
Again, at pagt 237, the same a.i h r, m enume-
rating the several acts which are termed acts of
bankruo'cy, mentions as one of those acts "being
arrested for debt, and lying two months in prison,"
and remarks:
"Tne statute doe« not make the mere being arrestad an act of
