So the bill was passed
Mr CAMPBELL of Tennessee, moreda reconsideiation of
the vote just taken, and asked the previous question
And there was a second
And the question (being on the reconsideration) was ordered,
and, being taken, was decided in the negative
80 the vote was not íeconeiderul
And the question being on the title of the bill-
Mr ARNOLD moved to amend it by adding the words, "be
ing the first important act of a public nature that was ever
passed without debate "
The SPEAKCR, on a point of order raised by Mr Wise,
ruled the amendment to be out of order
Jttr PRSFriTandMr CAMPBELL, of Tennessee, simulta
naously moved the previous question on the title
And there was a second
And the main question (being on the title of the bill) was or
dexeá, and, being taken—
The title of the bill waso'reed to
Mr CALHOUN lose and said I move that the House ad
journ, and 1 call for the previous, question oi thai
And, at a lata t our, the House tdjourned                     ,
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, January 18, 1842.
Memorials remonstrating against any action on
the Bankrupt law, were presented by Messrs.
TALLWADGE, RIVES, MERRICK, EVANS,
BUCHANAN, MANGUM, BATES, TAPPAN,
"WALKER, WOODBURY, an i MOREHEAD,
which were severally referred to the Jud ciary
Committee.
Mr. BUCHANAN presen'ed a memorial s gned
by three hundred citizens, of Pitlsborgb, praying
that Congre^k m.gbt not interfere with the Bank-
rupt law unul there was st me test of its operations,
and then to make such amendments as might be
found necessary. Mr B said he httd been request-
ed to state to the Senate his liBOw'ed^e of the cha-
racter of the memo! 1a ists, which he di J cheerfully.
Although his opinions were different irom iheirs on
the propriety ot the repeal ot the law yet he knew
the most of them, and could say with pleasure lhat
there were no citizens who e opinions were entitled
to more respect. He wí s sorry that he could not
concur with ihem.
Mr TAPPAN presented a-remonstrance en the
subject of the Bankrupt law, accompanied by a
letter, by which it would be seen that it was uni-
versally admitted by all that the law was defective,
and required amendment The memorialists were
opposed to (he repeal of the law, but think that it
can be amended soon alter it goes mto operation.
There was no time now to amend the law. If it
goes into operation at all, it will go into operation
as passed He thought it better to repeal ihe ex-
isting law; and a* there was a long session before
them, to build up a complete system of bankruptcy
which would be satisfactory to all parlies. He
preferred that course. If it was necessary to have
a law, he would aid and assist m maturmg one
which would be ssusfactory to all as a permanent
system. He had no doubt such a one could be
fiamed and passed. The memorial was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ALLEN presented a memorial from citizens
of Ouo, desiring the repeal of the Bankrupt law,
for ihe reasons that it «as unconstitutional, un
wise, and unjust, referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. WOODBURY presented a memorial in fa
vor of the repeal of the Bankrupt law. The me
morialists. believed that it would be a most fearful
source of litiga ion, and tend to corrupt the morals
of ths community, that it was unconstitutional,
that it would supercede the insolvent larsof the
States, and consolidate powers which nghtfull/ be
long to trie Stales, m the General Governmen' re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr MOREHEAD presented a remonsmnes
against a repeal of the Bankrupt law, and lemarked
that it had been "ent to hiun accompanied by a let-
ter, m which the hope wa> expressed tf.at be would
not vote for its repeal, for, by pursuing suüi a
course, the effect of h s mfiue ice w> aid be severel/
felt by those wh' m the &ct was designed to benefit
This he should certainly most deeply dep ore, ir he
could suppose, for a moment, tuat any proceeding
of his would tend to a con equence so extreme to
"a large number of the people of t^e Uot'ed States
But ha would take this occisión to ask tne indul-
gence of the Senate while he should make a few
observations. It could not have escaped hi* no
tice, and that of the Senate, that the Legislature of
Kentucky had, by a large majority, passed resolu-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tiohs upon the subiect of the Bankrupt law, ex-
pressing an opinion that it ought to be repealed
It was not for him to search tor reasons to vindi-
cate the sentiments of the p°ople of that State on
this or any other questton, but he would merely
point to her position under all circumstances, and
the manner m wh'ch, whether in times of prospe-
rity or distress, in peace or m war, she had always
acquitted herself as a member of the Unitn.
Whether the Bankrupt law was a mea ure of
national benefit or national injury, was a ques-
tion about which the people of the United
States could form their own conclusions, but,
I whethtr the meas'ire would affect advantage-
' ous'.y or mjinous'y the interests of the people
of Kentucky, tn-y alone were competent to
judge, and, so far as he was concerne 1, he thought
that from their judgment there was no ap-
pe?l. At lh« extra session of Congress he voted
for the Bankrup* law, as he then regarded it ¡>s a
measure of national pot ey, being profoundly,
deeply impressed with the feelings cf those who
would be subjected 10 its operation, and the justice
of th°ir claims to the sjmpathies and aid of Con-
gress; iherefore, being anxious, sincerely anxious,
that all the benefits which were anticipated should
grow out of it, he gave to the act his cheerful sanc-
tion. It he had been d'sposed to recount reason 
whi he sh >u!d vole for the repeal of the law, he
would have pointed to the expression of op nion in
the State from which he came, m truth, he would
ha«> had c-casion to go no farther than the o her
end of the Capitol to sattsfy himself of the public
st?t~ of feeling, by observing lhat the whole body
oí the delegation from K ntucky, with but one
exception, had recordé 1 their votes for the rereil
of the 'aw But he would take ro such r>a ns. Here-
tofore he had looked througnoit the Unites States,
and h?d seen hundreds and tho sards of hi-, fel-
low cit 2 ns bounJ do*n in the dusi by the most
unexampled pre$<ure, their wives and children
consigned to van', and themse'ves writhing under
fetters which nothing but na lonal legislation could
remove He felt now as he did at the extra ses
sion—that it would be the proudest day of his life
if he could announce liberty to the unfortunate
captive, and, by loosing the fetters from his limbs,
restore him to his freedom; that he might bs no
longer a pnsoner of doubt, but of hope, joyou ,
buoyant, and happy. Although these were his
impressions last summer, he did not en'nely lose
sight of the duty which he owed to his constituents
and the relation in which he stood to thena. At
the extra session, when tie bill was returned to
the Senate with the amendment of the Home post-
poning its operation until the first of February,
every Sen? tor knew the position in which he then
stood; and the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr
Buchanan] wouid recollect the issue which was
made upon the subject To some extent ihe law
was an experiment, and he was at that time de-
sirous that the people should have an opportunity
to pass upon it
Af er the adjournment of Congress, he returned to
his constituents, and, although he found among
tnem no outbreak, no disposition to meulnate those
who voted for the iaw, although he hi-arl no ex-
tensive d'ssatisfac ion from those frow whom he
differed, still he f Hind a strong disinclination m
the puouc mmd that the lau chou d go Fto opera-
tion Tlere were few public men who bad foi-
potten the strogsle which occurred in Ken i>cky
som" years ago, wi h regard to the relief «si n,
and wnen the great subject of the obligit'o 1 11
co-trpcts was d scus"d in that State bt 'icj n«,
tho peop'e became familiar wi'h it Wh^n, u cre-
fi <■", a kndred subjeet pressed itself rnnn their a'
tention, Uere rasa tendency to alprrr, ?nd he bad
n it wondered, notwtthst-ndmg all their eharae'ens-
tic i'evot n to A" principles of t^e Con^in^ion
and the Whig party, that they should be so extremely
sensitive Since he h?d returned to Washington,
he bad received letters which convinced him tv-at
the people of Kentucky were adveise to th s law,
and, regarding the resolu 'ons of the popular branch
of toe Legislature of Kentucky as furnishing proof
as to the extent of public sentiment, he had deemed
it to be his duty to look with candor, and wi'h the
utmost consideration, to this subject in all its re-
141*
Utions Without en'ering mto a discussion of
the measure at the present time, and m advance,
he would content himself (coupling the sentiments
of the Legislature « ith wnat he had seen and beard
since he came to ihe city) with the remarks, that
the law ought to be repealed; and he wotrid
conform his conduct to the requirements of the
resolution He desired to be undew-tood as ex 
| pressing his own sentiments; he spoke for no one
but himself. The rnle which he had presenhed
for himself had no application to his colleague [Mr.
ClaY] and he trusted that he might be permitted to
say that there was a vast difference between him
and that distinguished gentleman, «o lar as related
to their action here and their sia-ding before the
country. He (Mr Mob.ehi.ad) wa. a Senator of
yesterday, and his public lite h?d been spent in the
Comn,onwe<il!li wmch gave him birth, and to her
he must look for encouragement and sup-
port, and he was not «0 vain as to suppose lhat
Ins pos tion in the Senate could be legarded in any
lisht otner than connect ng him wuh the State
I wbi"h he represented But bis col'eague occupied
higher ground, for thirty } ears he bad been a dis-
1 unguished actor m pubbe affairs, and had signal-
I ized himself by his conduct on every measure con-
nected with the independence and glory of his
country Proud as Kentucky was of the public
services of h s coll ague, she was not so selfish as
to appTprute him exclusively te horself. The
pot test citizen ef the Union, wuhout re^rd to State,
mignt recognise him as & 'epres^ntative, and he,
that poor citizen as ¡> constituent He begged par-
don f r the tnannei m which he h?d spoken of his.
c ll-doiie, btitlernd deemed it proper 10 announce
the proper a sunt 1 ion that ex's ed bet vren them.
H" Vd orí., vindica cd his own enurse, and, what-
< vr mi nt be t e fate of those who expected relief
from tho la', b • u ver he mgat be convinced that
their c.°e u¿sone winch apptaledto ihe justice of
Congress, he would yield himself to the discharge
of his inexorable duiy, the fpiluie todo which would
make his condition wo ■«e than theirs.
A message w as received from the House of Re-
presentatives, s'ating ihat they had passed an act
to repeal ihe act establishing a uniform sjstem of
bankruptcy, wmeh «as read the fiist time, and or-
dered to a sec nd readmg.
Mr. PRENTiSS fronted th  memorial of a
number of the cit 7 ns of Phi'adelphi.", praying
that measures nay be taken fi r effeCirg such al-
teration of the Constitution or laws of the Union
as will relieve the citizens of parh Slate from
ad obligan n to interfere or intermeddle for the
purpose of sustaining and perpetuating involuntary
ie-vuua  m any o her S'ate or nauon.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the question of re-
ception of said petition was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr PRECiTfS1!, the petition and
papers of the heirs of Phmeas Babcock, on the files
ot  the Senate, were re erred to the Committee on
I Revolutionary Claims
I M- HUNTINGTON presented the petition of
1 Ferdinand Ciaik rf Havana, piaymg the remis-
! sioi 0 c rtam tonnage du its re'er ed to the com-
| irittee on C *rrrnerc^
On « ati n of Mr MERRICK, leave was
grated to take from ttie files if ineSeni e, to be
, reieTfd to Ik Houv if Í  prebrutative*, the me-
i mor al online t 2' n* of ivla'y an i ior toe erection of
' a biioge ac osj tueEi ie n Biaachoi thePoto-
1  mac
I Mi EVANS 1 resented t-e petition of Joseph
' B^as^ly f 1 a ptt • en, which vas reierred to the
.  CJimmUt-e on fo siiii
'      On meuon   of Mr    EV^N5*,   1   ñas ordered
¡I  that •o.p pe   rm oí Ne'hanal Davis Ara pension,
be talen from tie li'e , a.d Kfeired  to ihe Com-
1  ra i ¿ecri i uisions.
Mr  E  - >o presented a petition for a port of
ueWvery   1--------in Mame  reierred to ihe Com-
rmt e* on Commerce.
Mr MIRRICK presented the pet fe n oí Wil-
liam Jone>, who was wounuel in ri* nai il ser-
v ce, foi an increase of petóioi. reared to the
Commnue en Naval Affair.,.
Mr. YOUNG presented pei tions from Chicago
and other places in Illinois, against the restriction
