142
by Congres  on trie reception of antr&lavery peti-
tion's, and for the repeal of all s'avery laws, &c.
Oa motion of Mr. BERRIEN, the question of
reception of said petitions was laid on tne table.
Mr. LINN presented the petition of Dr. Boyd
Reiiey, praying C ngress to purchase the right to
use his vapor bath in marine hospitals, and in the
army and naval service: referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
The PRESIDENT ¡aid before the Senate a re-
port from the War Department, transmitting a l.st
of the clerk* employed in that Department during
the year 1841, the time employed, and the amount
paid toeach-, also, a commanicition from the Se-
cretary of Sta'e of Missouri, relative to the boun-
dary line between that State and the Territory of
Iowa.
On motion of Mr LINN, the latter communi-
cation was ordered to be pnnted
On motion of Mr. BUCHANAN, it %as
Ordt'ed, That the memO'ial ot Henry Simpson,
administrator of the estate of Gt orge Simpson, de-
ceased, praying remuneration for services in re-
ceive g subscriptions, and issuing cúfica tes for a
loan auihonz-d by law, be taken from the files of
Senate, and referrred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. MILLER presen'ed a rnemrna! f-om Phi-
ladelphia, praying that the Bjckrupt law rnisht
be amended or repealed.
A'-o, presen'e i the petition of George Thomas,'
praymg re¡riane.rE.tion lor «upphes furnished the
Uni'ed Siate1-: refened to the Ccoiminee on Re/c-
luttonary Cairns
On motion oí Mr. PIERCE, the peii ¡on of E.
Col'man was- ordered to be tikrn from the fi!e^ of
the Senate, and refeir^d to the Comrm tse on Pen-
sions,
Oa tnovii of Mr. Y/CODBURY, the p. ti'■>>)
oiO'verS Wa is tci trúuídto tie taken f^rt
the files, .ml it'ured tu ihe Cojim.t.ec on Pul-
sions.
Mr. WOODBURY presented the coiarminica-
tion o Jo >n Baldwin, stsgge ting a currem-y for the
country, as we'l a> a mor'e by wrrch. ine Treasu-
ry Department can iff a the remainder of the
twelve million^ loan: referred to the Committee on
Finance, and that portion relating to the currency to
the sekc' corami o.e i o  ha* ^u j^et
Mr. LIN^ presentid the petmoii of Pe er Wi'-
lard, praying remuneratun for hiving s= ved í
steamboat from, beira w¡eeked, on bo.ird of vi ich
wasstventeen thousand dollars belonging to the
United Cta'es: referred to the Committee en
Claims.
Onmction of Mr LINN, it was o dered trní the
mem1 n*\ of tap (.orport-'e authorities of bt. L >uis,
prayirg Congtess to re muttr-e certain su'is rf mi
ney ex^nd-d by ihnm in "nprovm; the ha* lor of
that cry, be taken iir-si die files ¡A the St..ate,
End r-fer ed to the Commi'tee en Commeice
Mr. LINN, on leave, introduced a bill utho-
r.ztPg tne relinquishment cf the s xteenth 5ect oa
granted to the Statt of M^ ouri for <cr.ool pur-
poses, and en'eriug odier lands in lieu thereof; wnich
wa^ read a first and ieeoed timj, and referred to
thv Committee on Pub ic Lands.
Mr. KERR presented the petition of the heits of
John Tea"klr, deceased, of Virginia, on the sub-
ject of a claim, which he mo/ed to b? lef.-rr'-d to
the S cetary (t «ha Navy roradju^ti >n'¡ b'it af-
ter s'me rematk-i by Mr MKRR1CK, m suprior!
of that ruction, ?nd Ml. HUNTING TON in o,'po-
sion to it, the p tinoa. w.s rcierrei to the Com , it-
See on Claims,
P.>t>tions v/jie also prevented by IVIe-srs. MORE-
HE4.D, iORTKR, BERRIEN, CEVIER, CL4.Y,
and WALK EH, we name* of the pewioners a"d
the purport oí ¡l;e petit.ons were not distinctly
he.Td.
Mr. EVAN4?, trota the Commit!.;.; on Fnanee,
made an uhi^vo'ab •> report en f e retiuon of Wil-
liam A Whitehead, pr^yñs 'o be rflloved a credit
for eerta.n an ouit it deoannires ignoramly al-
lowed.
By Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on
Finance: The bul to authorize the issue oí Trea-
sury notes, with amendments.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
On moti n of Mr. ALLEN, the amendments
were ordered to be printed.
Mr. EVAVS gave notice that he would caII the
bill up to-morrow,
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, made adverse repi rts on the claims of George
Jihnson and of Mary Chase.
On motion of Hr. CHOATE, the Committee on
Pensions was diachajged from the further consi-
deration of the petition of Thomas Harrison, an
officer in the la'e war with Great Britain, praying
an increase of his pension, to take effect from the
date of his disability; and leave was granted h:m
to withdraw his papers.
THE NEUTRALITY LAW.
Mr. RIVES reported a bill reviving the act
passed in the year 1838, the object of which was to
preserve peace with the possessions bordering upon
the United State*.. He remarked 'hat the Presi-
dent had called their attention to this subject m a
special me-sage, and, in consequence, the Commit-
tee oil Pore'gn Relations deemed it proper to report
the bill for the con-iieratton oí the Senate. The
b.,1 wa-> reíd, and ordered to a second rea<:ng
Mr. SEVIER, fiom the Committee on Pensions,
made an atverse report on the p tiuon of Hannah
Sprms, formerly the widow of Jefediah WiUura,
prcyirg an inc ease o' pensjtn.
On he motion of Mr. YEttREOK, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office anil Post
Roads t>~ instructed to mqune into the man net m which the
power supposed to exist for establishing special post ofFceo has
been exeicised, and ascertain the number ot spec<al post
offices, and ttie effect of the &ame upon theievenue of the De-
partment
0> the motun cf Mr. WILLIAMS, it was
Resolved, That the Secietary of the Navy conmumcate to
the Senate the number ot vessels of war belonging to the navy
dum  the yeais lb30, 1S10, and lSll, distinguishing th &e in
commissioi fiom nth is in oidmavy, ¡he respective classes,
\nd the number of euns, a'so, tne expense" o! the navy lor the
line periot, difcim^u shins' between a> tive servn e ¿n¿ ordl
naiy, a dihcnmnli i of olhc is Tndsea nen, ?n t, likewise, hat
tht. áectctaiy of me jS*vy HuniM tu Jie Scn^'e slmllai l ifot
n ation loi the years iü¿¿ and 1S¿4
O i tne niotio.t of Mi. MERRICK, it was
Resolved, Tnat the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads inquire in o the propuety of causing an additional num-
ber of the laws regulating the i onduct and management ot that
Depar'mcnt and its agents to be punted
The following engrossed feuis were read the 'hird
t me, an i parsed, viz:
Tha bdl for ti-e íelief of George W Pa=eaa;
Tie i '1 fir tne reii°f of Hn'd h Tucker;
Th  bilí t'ir th" relief of George Be Pa san of
L"ui latí i
The bill ie;uU'in* comnferci-.l iiterconrse vhh
the Fort of Cayena", n the co ony oí French Gai-
ati', and to remn e 'iain du i"b;
T.ie hill fir the reiitf ot Jacob Pennell and
ethers, owners of the El za, of Btunswiek;
The bill for the rel ef of l^e Piuni Island Bridge
and Tur d kt C mpany; "nd
Tne bil' t,r tho relief of John S. Bill,if s.
Tne S n te n x> m c tded io tie coesideia'ion
(f '. c ptoposition ot i^ir. Walker, to refer to ihe
C ii""n< ,'_c on the Judf a°y a petition from New
York, adve'sp to th-repeal o the Bink'upt law,
witvi it struc tons to rep< tt a bill ¿ ütnda'or> i i the
lav, me oding banks wuhm l't cmpuKory provi-
sion; and sti'h other ara >.anien s as the com,-Lit-
t°e misht think ndv sable.
¡V.r KING remáiked, tr>a> if the propos.tton cf
the Senator he passed in rs present form, mach
(iifrt lit y v.'ou'd au-e It wa; well ucder^'oou that
many who were in favor of that !.-v/could rot
brrL> th^m'elvcs'o tj,3 d •tcrn..na ion to vo* > ror
ciu h a b 11 as die coim .it ee would be c^mpell-d
to rtpoi , U"il i me e ínstructiin^ If t wtie de-
seable tnzt aiiend.nents shoi'li be r~a Í2 to tint
law, to r-ader it pi?ct>cabi in i's ope at on", fce
believe 1 the corree'ct ur e wjuld b'to l ave dis-
oetionwith the cormi tic to mstute a bill; w h
that n-.', '' e hoped the Senator from \u si s.opi
tifou'd modi y the proposition, so as to make i>sim-
ply a proposition of inquiry fcr the committee.
M'' K could nof, in view of the present chbtressed
^taic of the c^ur.t.y, and the deplorable condition
of the bank;, content to vote for nr>y amendment
to apply to the banks the ccmpurbOiy provision
of the Bankrupt law. Such a eource of policy at
th.s time would be rtisastioua to the banks, and pro-
ductive of incalculable distress in the country,
howsoever much he believed, it might be beneficial
under other circumstances. He believed if the
banks were paying specie for their notes, such a
provision would be beneficial by restraining them
nom overissues. But he confidently believed that
if such an act was to pass now, it would produce
unmitigated evil and distress He would vote for
the proposition of the Senator, if he would so mo.
dtiy it as to make it a proposition of inquiry.
Mr. ALLEN suggested that, if the instructions
were adopted in the present, m any form, and the
.committee were compelled to report amendments
m accordance therewith, it might have the effect to
delav action on the repealing bill wh ch came from
the House this mormn?, on which prompt action
was desirable. Time' would be required by the
committee to deliberate on the instructsons.
Mr. KING said that was a matter of which the
Senafe cottld judge the propriety. Tne possibility
was, that if the subject wa-s thus referred to the
committee, it would be expee'ed that a reasonable
time would be allowed the committee for action.
The law is to go into operation on the first of Fe-
bruary and as it wav desirable that that law should
be t mended, before it goes into operation, the
Committee on the Judiciary would no doubt feel
fiemselv-s bound to tt'se the subject into imme-
diate con ídrratton.
Mr WAKLER did net intend, by h« motion, to
delay ac'i <n on the qu-st'on of repeal. Though
he rhould vote agamu the bill to repeal the bank-
rupt law, tet he was m favor < f bppedy action
upon it. To prevent the delay apprehended, he
modifiei the motion so as to make t simply a pro-
posa>3n to inquire into the expediency ot reporting
an amendment to the law, so as to include banking
msii ution. w.fhin its compulsory provisions.
The motion t^us modified was agreed to.
On uo'ionof Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Senate
went into Exec-Hive seniors, and aLer some time
.^'SL'thet ¡n, ndjo'irB'd.
HOUSE OP rtEPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 18, 1842.
R4.NKRUPT LAW.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL a'ked leave to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be instructed
to report a bid to establish a uniform ays'em of bankruptcy
throughout the Uni'ed States, in which the imperfections of the
taw passed 19 h August, WH, whtcn have been ascertained by
mveitigitionorpjn.tel out by the country, may be corrected
and its deficiencies supplied.
Oojeetio-is were -nsde.
Mr. J03EPH R INGERSOLL moved to sus-
pend the rule.
Tne SPEAKER said the motion was not in or-
der— the ÍIoua~ beng now engaged in business un-
der a suspension of the rule.
Sj the resolution was, not received.
Mr. STANLY made a renewed effort to intro-
duce the re olutioa herek fore offered by htm, but
not received, audi r Zinj; the Committee on Public
Expenditures to employ a cleik.
Mr. KEIM sa,d if the gentleman insisted en hia
resolu'ion he (Mr K ) should have to move an
ant-ndmert, auih nzmg the Commiitet! on the
Mihtia abo to employ a cleik.
Mr. STANLY said he c-itain'y *hould insist on
it, beciu'e ii «as ne^es ary to the purposes of the
investigiiii n.
Mr. TURNEY, and oth r membeis, objected
So thr' risjpinon w>> no,, men-ed
curroM-aoosE investigation.
Mr. LINN sk * leave to iffet trie fallowing re-
solution, remarking that the informttioa was im-
portaut aad •.;c"Si".ry to ihe'ctanof tne House
as «ed a, of the committee o htch he was a
memoes?
Resulted, That the Secietary of the Treasury be requested
to communicati to thi^House the íeport mide by the commis-
sione.s 01 an> of them, who weie a¡ pointed to investigate the
atfan^ of the New lorii customhouse, together with all the
corresp mdenccm iclationto any proceedings had m the courts
of the Southern Distiicf cf New Yolk, and ansirg out of such
investigation.
M¿ ROOSEVELT desired to offer aa amend-
ment.
Mr. TO. C. JOHNSON made a remark, (not
drtmc'ly heard,) but which the Reporter under-
stood to be in relation to the importance of the re-
port.
