CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            im
rial containtpg new evidence, or pointing out some
error in the decision upon it.
Mr. WOODBURY, from the Committee on
Claims, made an adverse report on the memorial
of the owners of the steamboat Itasca; for indem-
nity.
Mr. YOUNG, on leave introduced a bill for the
relief of Isabella Hill, widow, John Hill, Ehz-
beth Hill and Sarah Hill, children and minor heirs
a llaw of Samuel Hill, deceased; whicfi was read
twice and referred to the Commit ee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. RIVES prestnted the following resolution,
which was read and agreed to.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Po«t
Hoad&mqune into the e^ped ency of directing the Postmaster
General to reimburse to Stockton, Falh, A. O j such amount
as they have been compeüed to expend m tne transportation of
the mail from the City of Washington to Orange Court Iloune,
Virginia in consequence of the damage done to the Potomac
Bridge by the freshet of 1840
Mr. CLAY said that resolutions had been pre-
sented this morning from the S'a'e ot Alabama,
similar in thcr character to those adopted by «>••-
•other State. He was sorry those S ates should
have taken this stand. It would become necessary
to make some provision by law, and he wou>d
therefore submit a resolution, which would lie over
.   until to-morrow, viz.
Mesohed, Thai tlie Committee on the Public Lands be in
strutted to inquire mto the expediency of providing by law
ftf^whenever any State or States shad lefuse their propouions
the ploceeds ot the public lands, such proportion shall be
^-.distributed among the residue of the assenting Mates
Mr. WOODBR1D&E on leave litroduced a bill
for the relief of Joseph Campan, and
A bill authorizing a patent to be issued to J< «eph
Campau for a certain tr?ct of lard; v hich were
read twice and referred to the Committee on Pub ic
Lands.
Mr. McROBERTS, in pursu-nce of roiioe here-
tofore given, asked and obu nrd lea.e lo 'u roduce
a bill for an act dtclan g the <i' pnt of Confess to
the Slate of Illinois, *o ímpo-e a tar upon a 1 lands
hereafter sold by the Ua ted States, in that State,
from and after the time of such sales, wnich was
read and ordered to a «econd reading.
Mr. LINN, from the Select Commi'tee on the
Territory of Oregon, repotted a bill to autho-
rize the adoption of mears for t e occupation and
settlement of the Territory of Oregon, and for ex-
tending certain portions of the laws of the Union
over the same, and for other purpose.
On motion of Mr ALLEN, the Senate took up
for consideration the resolution sabmitted by htm
a few days ago as fol ows, viz:
Resolved. That the Secretary of the Treasury b<* directed to
inform the Senate as soon as piacticibJe whether m his opi
mon, the Government can in the present exigency of its financial
affairs be carried on, without either íecalli g to usseivice the
reveiuedenved fiom the ales cf the public domain and which
by an existing act is se apart foi dioti'btition to itie State, 01
withoutdrawmg from the people, in addition to tneir present
taxes, an amount equal to that rcveni c, ai 1 in consequence of
its distribution, by means of mcreas ng the taxes roiv levied
upon them, in the form of tauff duties or, by imposing a new
and direct tax upon then , or, by bonowmg upon tti-ir ^ie lit
m the form of diiect ]o ns 01 of Tieatsury notes to be paid
evenfua]t} out of their laboi and propertv And if m h s op
mon, the Government cannot be so carried on, without thus re
calling the tand íevenue, or increasing the taxes, or meloane to
an amount equal to that levenue, and, m cor seqjence of its dis
tnbution, then wuich ofthose atternatives wit, in his opm on
be the most economical to the people thereca! ofthatreveime
the taxes, or the loans? Also, that he be mrected to 1 ly nefore
the Senate the estimate-- and the íeasons upon which such his
opinions may be founded
Mr ALLEN modtfu-d the rt solution by striking
therefrom tho words ''?nd ths reason1-," sts as to
make it a call for information merely, to suit the
views of the ma¡ori*y, wno had opposed it Mr A.
spoke at ^ome length, showincr. th-it thr r h t\ sted
in Congress to ell for 'he opm'cns ot the Secre-
tary m recommending a mode or replenishing t.ie
Treasury, oi for rai'ia? revenue lor me -¿uppmt of
Government. He adveitul to t! e pmcijles upon
which Congress had heretofoie p-actrsed, and quo-
ted from the laws c eatirg the orbce of the Secre-
tary o' the Treasury and piesci,b ng his ¿u ic , to
sustain him in the grounds hf t w
With the moriificition picpis'd, he \ ou'd un-
dertake to say that if iht mformat on he sought could
be obtained from the Secretar', he would be
enabled to prove to the country that the distribu-
tion of three millions from the lands would occa-
sion an absolute loss to  the country  of between
one and two millions. If this information was to
be interdicted by a bare numerical force, the peo-
ple would whisper that those who objected to this
information were afraid to have the truth come to
light.
Mr. RIVES moved to strike out all after the
word resolved, and insert the following:
"That the ¡secretary of the Treasuiy be directed to report to
the benate by what means adequate provi* on can best be made
for meeting the neee&sary ex| endiuires of the Government m
the present connition of the counfiy, submitting his plan there
for in detail, with estimate  o( the piobable product of each
source of supply proposed, and ah-o to what extent retrench
ment m the various branches of the public expenditure is
hkelv to arise fiom the cessation or diminution of charges on
tne Treasury now existing, or may be farther effeced by a wise
economy adapted alike to the wants and resources of the Go
vernment."
Mr CLA'V was quite $*; «enable of the impor-
tance of tt*e t( p cs embraced m the resolution ss
the Senator  who h?d moved the resolution, but,
in view of the press ng necessity of fiction on
t! e Treasury Note bill, he moved to lay the wbr>le
subject on the table, and that the amendment be
printed.
Mr. ALLEN demanded the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
Mr. LINN made an appeal to the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Allen] to withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays, and let them go on with the money
bill, for the Governm. nt was now the mo t dis-
tressed crea ure he knew of He had a half hour
to devo.e to the top.es involved in the íesolutions at
some other time.
Mr. ALLE"*?, m view of the efforts to smother
mves iga i<m, a>-d nterd ct t1 e opinions of the Se-
cretary in an offcial fo-m is to ihe ru nous effects
of the dtsir butif n, c uld not withdraw it The
whole object of the opposifon lo his resolution was
to smo her inquire.
Mi. CLAY called the Senator to cder. It was
not the fro', •■ > f^sr as he «fs concerned
Mr. ALLEN s„ii! itnt vas ihe effect of the ac-
tion, i! it was not ihe raouve,
Tae>easpnd l )s beuig ordered, were—)eas
27, nays 19, as follo-vs
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bate , Bayard,
Berrien, Choafe, C!av, Chy'or Evar-s, Graham,
Henderson, Huntington, Ker, Mangum, Mer"cK,
Miller, Morehea-', Phelps, Porter, Prentiss, Pres-
ton, Rives, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tail-
madge White and Woodbndge—37.
NaYS—Mes rs Allen, Bpnton, Buchanan,
Oathoun, Pulton, Kins, Linn, ¡VicRoberts, Mouton,
Pierce, Sevier, Smith of Coniect'cut, Sturgeon,
Tapp?n, Walker, V/i'lian , V7oodbury, Wright,
and Young—19.
So the resolutions wee 'aid on the table, and
the amendment ordered to be printed           %
TREASURY NOTE BILL.       1
Tne Senate then prcoeeded to the cons dofition
of the  TreaMir   note  bill     The qties'ion   Being,
Shall the bill be ord"ied to be engrossed for a third
rtaáing?                                                        j
Mr. BENTON rose ?nd offered the following ad-
ditional sec irrs to the b'H \ z                      '
And be it fin'hfi enacted i nt '"ron an i al ci the la t
tla^ of Dece nt pi me th tusa d <-"ht luin'tel and loiry two
there stial be laid and er !iec el th ->i"h ut the I tie S itep
Us ieirl one-j and the Di=uncc tho in eia a tax on bank
notes -ml l lo her piper nut in r te i a i i a^trttr) by cor
poiiHicr-i indi-, dui'    oicotni^rit    a^   illow 
Oneieh i e oi Die-'e ol piDei s fi mt) < ire tli to i pro
l«'J i ¿oi or ¡en i the f aytnent n m"1 \, oi other t ung or
cieatit g a 1 ability on the i iittlthel tei for ru ipaji^ent,
th" ^um of tenern s'"or ihe > ea ei^hte^n hu Ire 1 t 1 iort>
t \o t) b lneieaaed te i cent ¡e aituni unti! the wh le tax
amounts to               cer ^ on caen no e   i piece ol paper «o put
¡uto circt lation
/ ad ten fy-i hei evt c et. Tha e\Pi^ le cr ntm (^^?vtr
ptttirucire mml), r tatio a e nij ne or i lividi als,
fo  tieptvm   tofm-tf)   n o hei i    i           ri  hall ie trim,
fetable b\ letverv a t without he e o ^etncti of each
pi er tl trer f n 1 v. i 1 i it be, g vubi c to the 1 v\S wht h
a plvtoi In 1 ml il eí"hír «hi i 1 el ell «n I deemed lo
b" circula !•  paper wit! in th mtanlt  f t'as ae , and shall
be Q    ¡i ct to thf t-x hertbv ir> j o=e '
áí dl e it further n acted Tin eve y corpora ion comra
n> ortnlivittuil \ 1 o «hal i u notes i paper ol the in ego
lh<* desertpti ns h Ubesdje t to the a\ afore aid and wuFm
thntyd vs alter tí l^s da> o! tee emKi n each ■>rlo\eiy
>eat,shail make outand U nsnu to thf S creta \ of irteTiea
«uiv and the mtrsh^l ( f he dl'ti n w l h 1 e *au t^sueis
made a s tement, tr tfied by afi tivi stowtnff t e iveiage
quarterl> i umber of n> est i panel in lrcuUtion for the hist
thtee qtiarfeisof the \eai, and ine esiunatet aveia_e numl ei
Of such notes rr papei for theiemai m^ qualter, the aveiaga
ot which fou quarters shal be he'd and aken o be the annual
number of the notes or othei circulating paper in circulation
the said statement to be made out according to a form to be ob-
tained from the Secretary of the Tseasury through the marshal
of the district, on failure to make which return, the said corpo-
ration, company, or individual, ehall be liable to a double tax,
and to a fine of fifty thousand dollars
And be it further enacted, That immedia'elTon receiving
said returns, theSecietary of the Treasury shall cause the tax
accruing thereon to be collected by the marshal, and duly ac-
counted foi and paid over by him
And be it further enacted, That five per centum shall teal-
lowed to each maishal, foi his compensation in collecting and
paying over said moneys.
Andbefurthei enacted, That additional and separate secu-
rity "hat! be leqiured irom each maishal foi ihe faithful dis-
charge of his duties under this act
And be%t further enacted, That all double taxes incurred
under this act for a default in not making returns of the err-
c ilation, shall be comouted by the marshal of the district and
theSecietaiyof the Treasuiy, according to the reputed capital
empVjed, oi circulation issued, by the delinquent party, and
all fines under this act shall be rt coverable by action of debt,
and «hall hedivid"d between the mfounersand the law ameers of
the United S ates prosecuting the same
Mr BENTON supported his amendment in
a brief speecT He urged a return to the
good old practice—good with Governments as
well as individuals—to provide tor the payment
of a debt whenever it was creat«d, and considered
this a very appropriate manner for providing for
the present new debt, as it was taxing paper to
pay for paper. The amendment proposed to tax
all paper put into circulation, be it large or small,
and ciming from what source it might—a bank
or a shoe black. The tax was proposed te Jbegm
at ten cents on each no'e, or p'ece of paper, so put
out, and to be increased ten cents annually till the
whole tax amounted to---------cents     He did nt t
fix the ni„vimum His object was to tax all
abke, snd take a sum wh ch the large notes could
pay easilv. and the «mail ones would sink
under His object was two fold- first, to
m?ke the mono? corporations pay a little tax m
these taxing times \ihen nothirg escapes taxation
but bat-k-. The mode of collecting it was easy—
it v as merely for the banks, companies, corpora-
tion, apd individuals engaged in theissue of notes
or ticket^, to give m the annual average number of
their note- or ticke's, i,ke a farmer gives m the
number of his cattla or horses, or acies oí land—
the hot to be given m to the United States Marshal
tor the di trict. The tax to begin at ten cents on
each note or ucket, and be increased ten cehts an-
nually, until it a-nounted to              cents oa each.
Trie <econd cljeci w«s to operate the suppression,
gradually, of small bank noies and shmplasters. A
uniform tax oí a «¡iven amount wou'd accomplish
this. To lay a uniform tpx of a certain
amount on ail bank notes and tiurplasters,
would be like putting a pound weight upon the
backs of all animals. The large and noble animals,
such as horses, could caTy it without feeling
it; the vermin would ba killed under it. Aflea
would never hop again with this pt und weight on
its back. So of the large noies and ihe small ones.
The l^rge woutd carry ihe tax epstly, and ought to
carry r; the sm.il! oies would sink under it, and
ought lo sink Taken m conjunction with a Bank-
rupt aci sgam t tank , w^ich iva  no v becoming
tie geneiit! doct ire, and this iii would complete
the re-neihes a.'-uisi th evh of paper mone;.
They weie itm dies or oiffeitnt km Is, but uccur-
rent, tlv> oiib preveíale, the oiler curative i he
Bankiupt pci vouid cu'-s the evil at'er it hap-
pened, the t?x vtoull almost pievont it from hap-
pening, and v.ould save tha sriidil dealing part cf
the community from all loss—tia' class which now
befrs nt-aily a 1 the hss Mi B snowed tint bank
notes wre taxed m En  and, «i d bad been taxed
in the Unned States, and 'hat tnis was a most ap-
¡.rcunatt .t "ne to tax thtm aea n.
Mr CLíi-Y cabtd for the }eas and nays, which
wereorJer°d
M. CALtlOUN s?, d that 1 e had not intended
to 'ay a wtrd > n th s . mendment, till the ysas and
najs *e e t-tt-, bat, being called on to record
his vo * ten i'd, in a 'rv wo-ds, assign his rea-
sons ><r voting og«mst it It the mover m-
teni"d us pre position as th-commencement of a
sys ei3, all he would say, under ihat asrect of the
subject, vas, tbat he had anfcipa'ed, but for a
short time, what would be torced on 'hose m power,
if the ócheme of extravagant expenditures, which
'ormed a part of thar fjstem of measures, should
be carried out. He would tell ítseiíi, that, as they
were going on, loans and Treasury notes would
soon fail them, and that it would be impossible for
