156                                       *    CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
This was the amendment offered to the bill—and
if adopted, Us tendency would be to give additional
security to the holder of th^ notes, as well as lessen
the amount from three to four millions which need
be issued.
This amendment was almost a copy of tne provi-
sion la the very first loan bill that passed after the
adoption of the Gons'itution. In ihat, after pledg-
ing all the revenue from customs, except a small
sum «quired to meet current expenses, it was
-eaac'ed:
"1 hat the proceeds of the sates wh'ch shall be made of lands
m the "W estern Ten ltory, now belonging, or that may hereafter
belong to the United States, shall be,"and are hereby, appropri
ated towards sinkirg or discharging the debts foi the payment
"whereof the United States now are., or by virtue of this act may
be holden, and shall be applied sokly to that use until the said
debts shall b fully satisfied "   [Appioved August 4, 1790 J
This -was sonad wisdom, and helped then to
raise our depreciated stocks to par. We are, m
respect to our credit, m a hke condition now. The
fayyite meascre of the other side of the House—a
permanent loan in peace—has become unavailable
—has failed. The Treasury notes—by means of
having no income fiom lands to redeem them, and
new as well as great expenditures being autbo-
x zed—are not at par. This bill is about to aggra-
vate the evil, if passed in its present form. Public
creditors are waiting impatiently for their dues
No time exists to impose new taxes to cover the
emergency No reduction in expenditures can
now te made, that is able to remedy the pan or*
present difficulty, but only the future. Send out
then, relief, sir, m this or any other practicable
form; but send it so as to be honest, efficient,
honorable. Do not injure those creditors and dis-
grace ourjelves, anJ give rise to numberless claims
for indemnity hereafter, by offering coolly to them
in payment, what we know to be depreciated and
unjust. Empecí.' !¡y should we abhor ¿nd avo.d th's
in peace, and when, by adopting ¡his amendment,
ws can put on the face of the bill itself wh„t will
restore credit <st,d cha'acier to .he notes issued.
Will any Senator prop'se any thing else to effect
this desirable object? If he can, 1 will with plea
suie withdraw the amendmen*. But I protest
against passing a bill which is known at the time
to be injurious m Us operaiion to the public credt-
tor , and disreputable m its consequences to the
r-ational fai'h. Do what you will ms ead of the
amend i eni; but do something; to avert wrone—
something to preserve our cuistitut'otial obliga-
tion —some'hms wh'ch is likely to preyent vvhat,
as Senators and men, we must not o ¡y condemn,
but deprécale and loathe
Mr. CLAY replied to Mr. Woodbury, and asked
what did the honorable bena'or do, when at the
head of the Treasury Department His policy
seemrd to have chi> ged. in point of iact, ue had
been going on -w di an excels of expenditUie over
ourrece.pia for four years. Treasury notes had
bten issued for four successive years. T'.ey had
been thro«n from one year into another, and thty
■were thrown over by the U-t Administration iu>
this Administration, and for tnis Administration 10
redeem. T.ie notes now below par, and winch we
are called upon (said Mr Clay) to redtem, are the
Treasury notes of the pr°ce Hng Administration,
and, until ihe Senator from New Hampüii'o brings
up his own paper to par, iforn us pre ent depreca-
tion, let him be les soLc tous a'iout the Trea„ury
rjoUs to be iss.upd by t> e prcs nt Adm'm ¡ration
But whence mis new born zeal (sail ¡VIi. C ) in
rpgird to tax uon It was, he ídmiitcd, 'cand¿-
loua tint tlijsGíverninent should bsve gone on for
years pf M, and w.ts going on no1!', by the expendi-
tare of mote th.üi vas received. Taftton, he
4¡gew, and nai be'ire -& d, was ¡be remedy for dns.
Carry out, then, ^ d he, th  sprit oí ti e Cornpio-
mi«e aci. Look to rceuue aiout, for the sup^oit
of Government. Do  io r. 'se hie qu stu n ot pro
tection, v h oh (s*. 1 .he Seno'oi f'om K-ritacliy) I
had hoped h. ' oe-n put to .est. Th*rt> is no ne-
cessttv of pnec'nn, for pr fcnon Rut «ha!
(asked Mr C)ua t. e eours- rf **i bono able
friend from No.7 Hampsh. °, (f-r I he-i >Iy rrw-
pr' cate the friendship ne professed for me the other
day,) when we had a tax bi' u^der cors d-ration?
Where was he then? Lid tie vits for tt e lax bill
before us? Did he not rather choose to sip his tea
and coflee a little longer, and to withhold the tax
from those luxuries?   And he will now (continued
Mr. C )-consent to tax these articles?   If he will, I
go along with him, heart and hand.
y>    The Senator talks of the public lands as though
1 j they were thrown away.    Did not the States re-
ceive them?   Did not the people have the benefit
!■• oftbem?    But why, h« asked, this covert attack
,  upon the Land bill when another bill is under con-
's sideration.    We will meet you openly and fanly
J (said Mr. Cty), when this question comes before
the Senate v¿if would be remembered that when
the honorable gentleman (Mr  Woodbury) sat at
the oiher end of the avenue begging and lamenting
over the nece«mes  of the  Government,  he re-
commended, and twice m one session of Congres-,
the issue of Treasury notes     Did he make any op-
position to  them?   No.    Even though opposed to
them  m principle, we submitted to them, and now
he would say, en passant, that he was opposed to
the  whole system of issuing Treasury notes, ar.d
that he could not vote for this bill, unless hiS vote
was necessary to save it.    But how was it that the
Senator from New Hampshire?   Nothwifhstand-
he    had   worked   like   a   beaver,   session  after
session,    to  procure    the   passage   of   Treasury
notes, he was now found, even when the country
was suffering,  embarrasmg   the passage of  this
bill.
Mr. WOODBURY, (in answer to Mr. Cuy,)
said he rose to set history right on two or three ob-
servations made by the Senator from Kentucky.
In the first place, the Senate would bear witness
that ke had not delayed the passage of the present
bill On the contrary, trie motion wh'ch had created
most of the debate, came from ihe other si 'e of the
chamber, and many of Mr. Ws friends had pro-
po.ed to pass the bill at once, as it came from the
House of Representatives.
In the next place, the gentleman who had just
sta'ed that the former Treasury notes were as much
without means of prompt redemption as these, and
had =o b'en recommended by Mr. W. must, from
his ill health, not have bestowed usual attention on
this subject.
Mr. Woodbury had remarked, when last up, and
such appeared to be the fact on our own records,
that the other Treasury notes were at fust to be re-
deemed, not only by the general revenues, but by
debts due and in the course of collection from the
biok,.
Tpis col a'pral security Mid ability was dwelt on
in 'hi ordinal recommendation of tisera. That
enable 1 the Treasury to meet them all with gild
and silvci, oi their equivalent, promptly as they
fell due.
Not a day's delay had occurred in the discharge
of them, nor had they ever been discredited.
The dues from the banks were large,and the sales
from lands m 1839 were over seven millions,
neither of v hieh now exist In this way the pub-
lic credit was fully sustained, and the notes bear-
ing on'y ¡j percent, and 5i, «'ere often at par in
New York, as well as elsewhere.
But now, with only «mall balarces due from
b'nks, and the public lands given away, and no
other specwl pledge substituted, and under great
additional appropriations made at the extia ses-
sion, with a new permanent debt of twelve mil-
lions authorized, was it strange that the Treasury
notes shou'd now be depreciated? But this had
happened not under the past Administration. This
wretoed financial condition was the fruit of the
extra session. On the 4th of March last, when
tr,e pr'sent dynasty took charge of the public Trea-
sury, the notes out were all at par.
The whole amount out at the beginning of tbe
>ear was only lour millions and a fraction. They
had at times before been reduced as low as two to
three millions. But now th< y were about seven
millions; and it was now, after ¡he reckless and
ruiious waste of the pubic lands jast described,
and Lie great addition to our debt, that they had
become discredited. Notes so issued, and so sus-
tained, as those since the extra session, and ?s those
proposed by this bill, were not issued m conformity
to his policy, were not his notes, and he washed his
hands of them.
Indeed, the Senator from Kentucky would do
him the justice, on looking once more to the official
reports from the Treasury Department which
he lield in h.s hand, but would not detain
toe Senate by reading, to admit that Mr.
W. had never recommended Treasury notes
any more man a permanent debt to supply a
permanent deficit in peace. They were not cow,
nor ever,<a favorite mode of relief with him, except
for mere temporal objects, and with ample means
to sustain them at par. Then he had urged reduc-
tion in expenditures so as to leave no deficit; and
if that could not be accomplished without injury
to our national interests, to resort to taxes at once
for the balance.
Why, sir, did I not at the very last session, in a
report called for by that very Senator, recommend
this very course? And as to the articles of tea
and coflee, so much discussed and misrepresented,
did I not say then, and repeat it at the extra ses-
sion, that they should, when proper, be taxed as
readily, if not more so, than salt, sugar, or iron,
which, though great necessaries of hie, are now
heavily taxed? But I then, and at other times,
have added, and endeavored to prove, that with
safe and salutary retrenchment in our expenses,
no tax on tea and coffee was required to meet
promptly all the public engagements.
On the same principle I voted against the new
tariff bill, because it raised three millions more on
other ai tides than would be needed, if proper re-
ductions were made in the expenses, and the pub-
lic lands were not squandered. That is the expla-
nation, sir, and it involves neither inconsistency
nor retraction. I say squandered, too, sir, and
not merely given away. Because as my inend
from Ohio [Mr. Allen] offered to show tc-day, the
States must pay back in new tariff taxes all they
receive; but besides this, one to two millions will
be utterly lost in expenses, transfers, risk, and de-
lays.
Let us then once more revive ourdrooping credit,
by taxing back, and wiseiy pledging those lands, as
was originally done by our fathers/or the redemp-
tion of the public debt. Then the notes in tbisbill will
stand some chance of be.ng at par, and this Senate
and the country will not be stigmatized with at-
tempting deliberately to pay its creditors in what
is worth ¡ess than they contracted for, and with
countenancing in time of peace, the miserable and
demoral zing use of a depreciated curtency.
Mr CLAY contrasted the Senator's precepts
now, with his example at the head of the Treasury
Department.
Mr. WOODBURY cousideted his example
'hen, and his precepts no-v, would bear the tct of
comparison much be.ter than the precepts of the
gentlemen on the o'her side on coming inte power,
with their example now that they are in power,
especially in their promised retrenchment and re-
form.
Mr. CALHOUN made a few remarks in ex-
planauon.
[Mr LINN suggested to his friend from New
Hampshire [Mr. Woodbury] to make his anwnd-
ment conform to his, Mr. L's bill which went no
farther than repealing the distribution portion of the
laid Ml, leaving theotner portions of it to stand;
which wai accepted by Mr. Woodbury ]
Mr. LINN remarked that if it were absolutely
necessary for carrying on the Government, that
the State of Missouri should give back to Con-
gipss the five hundreJ thousand acres of land and
the olhT advantag~s allotted to her as her portion
I vmdsr the operation of the distribution act, she would
| freely give her consent to surrender her portion:
if patnoiism demanded it, she would freely give up
all. Though that por'ion is not halt what is allotted
to Oh o, and not two-thirds of the share given to
one or two othei States, if it was as much or more
than tne "hart, of any other, she would give it back
most cheerfully, if necessary, to the good of the
whole Tne people of Missouri would do this, al-
though their cla ms on the General Government
were greater than those of any other Western
State, except Arkansas; for on them had been
thrown, by the action of the General Government,
for the relief of the Northern, Eastern, and South-
ern, and some of the Western Slates, the griev-
ous burden of an Indian population removed from
those States.   This was a greater disadvantage to
