CONGRESSIONAL GLOBl.          .                              Í5t
tfVri ■       i  i  I  i     .......S i   ■         ......'i     r     .....                  fi         r                           _-----                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   .
Missouri than any other Western State had to
labor under. If, in the Distribution, act, Missouri
had even been given a portion equal to that of Ohio,
it would have been an inadequate compensation
for the curse of an Indian population, continually
making inroads on the peace pad propeity of her peo-
ple. At the .une this infliction was mediated on that
State, gentlemen then and now on this floor pledged
themselves that they would, whenever it should be-
come necessary ,go as far as the Representatives of the
State themselves, to grant protection from the con-
sequences of placing a savage Indian population
on her borders. Yet at the l?st session, when
these very benefited States were called upon, and
the imperious necessity of immediate defence of
the Western frontier was demonstrated, Ihey voted
down every proposition—every atten.pt to gam an
appropriation for repairing or erecting indispensable
fortifications. In vain were their s/mpathies, their
promises, or their justice appealed to. Much had
just been said about consistency—much had been
said about compelling gentlemen to change their
votes by opposition to their present wishes. Now,
he believed it was not ot.ly a sound doctrine in
ethics, but in practice, whenever a gentleman
found he had acted erroneously, under mistaken
views, he shou'd change his actions so as to ac-
cord with h's changed opinions. The gentlemen
must feel satisfied they are wrong, and should not
persisist merely for a show ot consistency. But in
truth, as far as consistency was concerned, he could
not help saying that h's Whig friends in ihis chamber
had shown that the} have as little to boast of as any
set of men he ever saw. On com.n? into power
their tirades against pro-cripnon were worthy ef
all praise Yet the moment they were sea'ed in
power, what was their exemplification of consis-
tency? Was such a change from precept to ex-
ample ever known? The le„s the gen'lemen say
about consistency df'er that, the betkr, for a greater
dereliction from pl'dges, never bad boea s'iown
by any set of men upon the face of ¡he globe
They have shown that they can changea-d change
and change, their principles, their conduct, and
why not their votes? TtTeir facility for changing
is too deeply impressed on the page of history to
be obliterated by any attempts now. He
did not mean to apply h's remarks individually
to any of hw Whig friends. He spoke, in the col-
lective sense, of their pru ciples, conduct, and ex-
ample. Tdey had attacked the consistency of the
friends of the late Administration, and he had but
attempted to show where the chaige cou d be more
justly app.ied. Perhaps the genii men were to be
excused, ,eonside ring the deep distress in whi h
they have plunged themselves. They were nearly
ii as much distress as the Governm-nt, which it
now appeared was as distressed a aealme as
could well be But he could tell (he gentlemen they
had not yet reached the bottom of their distress,
and until they did, they would continue resort-
ing to charlatanism f*r relict, like those
who repair to quack empir cs for a cure, but,
whon quackery Iai s, are oM'ged to report to the
regular physician.(or real rel ef B>re, however,
the quackery, unfortunately, is applied, no* to one
individual alone, but to upwards if seventeen mil-
lions of people The gendemen'sdisires' sa disease
that, like other disease', will become greater before
relief will come They must suffer their ulcers to
be probed, and placed m a curative cond>t>on, be-
fore they will begin to recover. If the Whigs
had not, b); improper means, supplanted the
late Administration, could they lay their bands
on their hearts and «ay t'ie Government
would be in its preheat distie-s? Do ihey
conscientiously behf ve Treasury notes would no v
be in a state of depreciante Do they not them
selves prove that the carrj írg on of this Administrá-
is very different from that of the last? The credt 
of the Government is sunk now very low, and
while they seem determined" to keep it there, how can
thsy suppose any man who has mone , wi'l lend it
to them, or that even stockjobbers and brokers
will supply their wants, wi hout exacting a dis-
count in proportion to the dts.tre*s and ur-
gency of the Treasur}? Do they expect
to improve the credit of the Government
by increasing their indebtedness, besidts squandering
the means confided to the Government fir the express
furpote of keeping up the national credit by a tangible
evidence of means? But these means—the proceeds
of the public lands—it is said by the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Clay] go to the people through
the States in support of their credit. Does net
every one know that the credit of the S at s is a
very different thing from the credit of the General
Government. Why should they be amalgp-
mated or identified? If such a cour<e were
tolerated, this Government would very so n
find itself stripped of every thing essentia' to it's
existence as a Government—a Government
organized and intended for the benefit of the whole
of the States collectively, and now confided to the
hands of the gentlemen in power, as a trust, not to
be abused, but administered in good faith. It is
not committed to their hands that they may let it fall
to pieces. But the gentlemen are much dis rcsed,
and, like the credit of the Government whi'e m
their hands, and like ihe credit of the States under
their paper money system, they and their trust and
their system, like the Whig parly, are doomed all
to perish together. It requires not the gift of pro-
phecy to foretell their doom How can it be other-
wise? While they are plotting to raise borrowed
money with one hand, they are throwing away the
means of repayment with the other. But their
hour of delusion is past The American peo-
ple now see the result of their promised retrench
meat and reform. These matters are seen n
'heir true light It was not necessary to say much
to point the a te-tion of the people to he present
illustration of Whig practice?, contrasted with
Whig promises.
The >eas and nays being ordered, on Mr
Woodbury's amendment, wer«—yeas 19, nay- 26,
as foi'ows:
YEAS—Me s. Allen, Benton, Buthamn, Cal-
bom, Pal or, Krg, Linn, McRoberts, Moutou,
Puree, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Walker, Williams, Woodbury, Wr ght,
and Young —19.
NEAS—Mess.a. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bay-
ard, Bernpn, Choate, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Evans, Graham, Huntington, Ker, Mangurn,
Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Pren-
tiss, Preston, Rives, Smith of Indiana, Sju'haid,
Tal madge, White, and Woodbndge—26.
The question was then taken, and carr ed with-
out a division, on ordering the bill to be engrossed
for a third reading
Mr C ALHOUN moved an adjournment a= the
hour was late, and it was his desire to adt'ress the
Stnite in (ml oh the measure.
The Senate then, at half past 4 o'clock, td-
j lurntd
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, January 21, 1841.
The j urnal of yesteiday was read, and (after
an amendment as to a point of fact made tl.ereto
on motion of Mr. Warden) was approve'.
[tn ihe course of the proceedings ot ihe Hon t
on Thursday, Mr Roosevelt gave the folltm i ig
noucc, of which not a word was heard by the B -
potter, ard of the presentation of wh c'i even e
was ignorant, (amidst the noise of the Hall) un'i!
he heard the journal read this morning.
Mr. Roosevelt gave notice of amotion to amen 1
the rules by inserting therein the follow ng ext a-
na'ory rule, viz
1 Immediately previous to the final action uf the ITmis« on any
lull oi concune it lesoluuon an] before the mam qjemon "i il!
be ol ieicd to bt put, any member having m chaige any p ic n
ci memorial Ida mc to Ihe subject mat ero! such bilí o- eso'ti
turn, i no Svit ng tl at ho hashadnopreviouaopp i tunny of pie
suiting the «ame, sh ill have the U2ht, and shall be deemtd n
Older, to piesentsueh petition or memorial any l ule or oi iei tf
the House, or any in erpietatton thereof, to luecomiurv tot
\MtU°tandin-r ]
On leave given, a petition was presentid b; Mr.
TH08. J CAMPBELL, and was appropua <• y
referred.
Mr C presented papers anj document, of Mrs.
Nancy Hambnght, otMcMmn county, Tennessee,
widow o& Captain John Hambnght, deceased,
praying the passage of an act of Congress al owing
her a pension.
Mr. JOSEPH R, INGERSOLL. on his motion.
was excused from serving on a select committee,
(for a reason not haard by the Reporter )
On leave given, Mr. BLAIR offered the follow-
ing resolution, which was adopted-
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
truded to inquire into the expediency of making an appropria-
tion to improve the navigation of Lake Champlam where it
communicate  with the Champlam Canal at White Hall, in the
State of New To-k
Mr J.G FLOYD asked leave to offer a petition.
Objected to
The unfinished bus.ress of yesterday was the pe-
tition presented by Mr. Calh us from citizens of
Springfield, MassechuseUs, praj ing that diploma-
tic and commercial relations be entered into be-
tween the Un i fd Slates, and the Republic of Hay ti.
Which said petition Mr. J. Cimpbell of South
Carolina had moved to lay on the table.
Pendirg which said motion the House had ad-
j'ourned.
And the question now being on the motion to lay
the pet'l'on on the table—
Mr. CAMPBELL rose and was understood to
siy, that he had Leen applied to by many of his
friends to withdraw his motion to lay the petition
on the tab'e. If he thought the object of the peti-
tioner was to extend trade, to increase wealth, orto
encourage industry, he would consent to withdraw
the mouon. But as the pennon bore on the face
of it marks of l-cndiansm------
Mr. C. was heie intfrrup'ed by cries to order;
and the Reporter did not here the residue of ihe
sentf nee. But the motion to laj the petition on the
table wa; not withdrawn
The jeas and nays on that mot on (which had
heretofore been ordered) wer^ ihen taken, and re-
sulted as follows;
YE IS—MesrsLmdaffW Andrews Arnngton, Atherton,
Beeson, Bidlark Ljvne, Boy a, A V Biown Bui ke, Sampson
It Butler, William Butler, Green VV Caldwell, Patuck C
Caldwell, J ( ampbetl Wm R Campbell, ThmiasJ Camp-
bell, Caiutheis, Ca y, ^har man, CI ífon!, Golee, Craven*,
Cio=s, Daniel (. DimsDebeiry Lastman, JCgbeir, Challes
A Flo/1, Fomarice, Tit-mas F I osier, Gossin, Goulon, Gra-
ham, Green, GwintK Habersham, John It s mgs ¡Efivp IIous
ton, Hubaid, Jack, Wm tost Tohn^on, Lewis, Mallory,
Marchand, Matthew-, Medl, Meiiftethi, Mlhei, ^ewbard,
Owetey Payne, Picken", P umet, Pore Pnffi!, Raynei, Re
dlu2, Keyno ds, RbeU, Klffg5 ^models S law, fohepperd,
Spugsr, {Manly, bteennd r-umirtrs, sweney, Taliaferro,
John B Tnompsm, Tnj lett, luiney, \ an Bureo, Ward,
Wauen, Wash u^ron Wattersen. We«tbioos., Time;, W
William", Le v s Williams, C H Williams, Joseph L.
Wi hams, and V* i-e—86
\Ai —Mee ts A tarns, Alen S J Andrew?, Arnold,
Aycng^, Babco"k, Baiter, Barnard, Barton, P i ireye, Blair,
Boaidman, Bolden, Biews er, Bueg", Brockvtay, Charles
B own Burnel1 Calhoun, < asty, Chittenden,'John C Claik,
S N CI uke, ( hu'oi, Coo, er, Couen Ciau ton, Cushtug,
Ricnard 1) Davis, lolin Edftauis Eveiett, Feins,Fessen len,
Fillmoie, John G llo\d, <V L Fos ei, Gates Giddings P G.
Goode Giantjei Gustme,Ka!J, "Wiljim S Hastings, Henry,
IÍ >ward, Huosot, Challes J Inge! oil, W W Iiwir., James,
John P Kennedy Andrew Kenneth, Lane, Lawicnce Linn,
Lowell, Alfred Marsh ¡11 Simeon Mason Math ot MaUock",
Maxwell, uíd>nail, Morcan, Moirow O boire Paimentei,
Parindge, Petdleton Runsty, Bsijam'ii Randil!, A Km
dall, Iidiililph Riilgwiv, Uodnej, Will ai i Ru sell, J M
Ru «el!, salmnslall s^ni-,]r¡  , irün(0tl *, e Truman
Smi h, Suamn, Alex-i l-i I' il ¡slum, rilun ' ast, To-
lo d, 1 mi in on, Fiunitjii I, In'Twood, "\ in KenssUaer,
Weilei Th mi   W   WiUiaii",  Vinlnup,   H ood, Yoi \e, and
Al 2Uot   S  \   Hi   g—It
fco t .e mo i ¡i to '"■y on ¡he taole w ^s r jee'ed.
An-i tue reti.irt v a il, :i re'encd to 'he Com-
mit ce oi For ig , ATairs.
Pt.iiti.ju-> ana ritru naK vere f irincr p!e enfed
(m iecui t n of the t r '^r U me 7t i n't ) by the
Mli'vng g'nt.eii.en, and «t-'e appropriately re-
ferred
\i sSlS CALHOUN, HASTINGS, CUSH-
IN?, B-iKCtl, BDR\ELL, PAR,\'E ^TeR,
H'J^'ON, VilVrnECP, SAL10.\STALL,
BOaDrW.-nd ADAVn.
On lepv  j,nen, M B Jli^ELL offered the fol-
io ilUS:  'Cs^lUHOi , H'h s   . Kib i"dof>lfd;
lícs   í ai   Tha  l^e Com" it eeof Wayspnd iVfeans he, fnd
t i"v   leto \       l, iHoii,   d io ircjul ei io theexpediercy of
jr \i ii" It    lu T i    uv ur list   iiea<tuyiecil!llreof ihe cci-
1    lecio sol ilu «e\njlcoliec mn dwnc i in the Xin tied St-ite  a
I    te uto to o   milt, t) 1 m onta 11 every nnty dty^, c mpre
het   lntr s° "rtl y     t Í jnd of "il arlidct, imported into tin rre
pei.ii o t! n c & Ir  n foieiirn coun'nc-, wilh Iheag^iegafe
qi   ntuy   id    i" agrégate talue t'leieol, b|   •"ify ig in the
v n -   p ^ rer «uch articles as have beer colore 1 foi expoiti
u n   t     thei  wiha ike slatcnen    of al   uncle  exported
turn th i  ie pecme rii'nct« di u i"   «bir"f leisn 1 urn do-
mtstir iiioluo ions, and hathe, ii - oiwmfb   aftti such
mums «luil have been lecetted shall publkh tie sub-tance
oi the >aiiie
Mr. B. also asked leave to oiler the fo'lowmg
resolution; which w?s objected tt-
Rtwhtd, That the Secreiai-v ol the Treasury be anslh^
