•l-¿8
hereby is, directed to report to this House tabular statements of
the dutiesaod restrictions impobed by ail foreign nations upon
the productions of the United States, in oxdei'io exhibit how
iar the commerce and navigation of thib country is encouraged,
and how lar encumberedandrestrictedm its mtercouise with
other countries And, m connection with the loregomg. the
rates of duty established by the tatltfacfsofthe United Slates
of 1832,1833, and 1S41.
Among the petitions presented by Messrs. HUD-
SON, WINTHROP, BORDEN, and ADAMS,
were several on the subject of Abolition, some of
which, coming under the twemy-fiist rule, were
refused, and on others the question of their recep-
tion waí laid on the table.
Mr. ADAMS presented a petition from a num-
ber of citizens of Massachusetts, stating that by
iaw no foreigner of color can now become a citi-
zen of the United Slates, and hold real estate
therein; and praying that the naturalization laws
may be so amended as to permit free colored fo-
reigners to become citons of the United States,
and to hold real estate.
Mr. "WISE raised the question ri reception on
the above petition, and moved to lay taat question
on the table.
Mr. CALHOUN asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and, b"ing Miren, wore a« f< liow:
YEAS—Messrs Landaif \V Ardrews, Amnion, Adirr'on,
Beeson, Bidlack, Botts, iiownc, Boyd, Aaron V iitown, Milton
Brown, Burke, Samson II. Butler. William Butler, William
O liuJer, G.een W Caldwell, I'atr.rk V CW'dwtil, John
Campbell, William B Campbell, Tilomas J Campbell, Caiy,
Casey, Chapman, Cliff,iú, Coles, Cross, Daniel, Gariett Davis,
Deberry, Eastman, John C Edwards Egbert, Charles A Ftoyu,
Thomas F I'oster, Gentry, G^iry, Ciimei, Gogsm, Goidon,
Graham, Green, Gwin, Ilaber^ham, Ha.us, John ILwungs,
Hays, Holmes, Hopkins, Hotiek, Houston, ilubaid, Ili'uter,
Charles .I. rnger oll, Wiluam Cost Join on, l.D Jonts, Kum,
John P Kenned}, Abraham JlcClel'an, Ilobeit McLVIlan,
McKay, Mdiory, Marehand, Tlnmaa V Marshall, Samson
Mason, Mathews, Medilt, Me..iweUiei, Mil!'', Moore, Newhaid,
Owsiey, Pa>ne, I  clfms, Piumrr, Popa, Powell, Proifil,
Ramsey, Alexander tta"da'i, Runei, lie ting, RevnoUK
Rhett, Kig^s, Rodney. Ito^ei-., Wü'i.nn lio^ell. Niüo.l i«,
Shaw, Sheppeul, William Smi'b, Shul'H S>p..J2, Mill},
Steenrod, J >hn r H u ut.^iunmciis i-vvni.>', 'i .hit rro .lu!i i
B Tlioi.ip on, Xli-uaid V. Tuom| ¿on, J ic ¡i T omp on,
Triptett Td.ni), Wi'ien, Wa >u i .oi>. 'Vai.iini, Wtl'u,
Westhrook, ÍOdvv.ud 1> Wtn'o, Jin es W Wll nm«, i pv is
Williams, Ch 11. Wiuiains, Joseph L Williams, and Wise—
115.
NAYS—Messrs Adam", Alter, Sherlock J Andiew-, Arnoll,
Babcoclr, Bakei, Birnaid, ííirdseye, Boaidniiin, Boiden Brew
ster, ling?', Bn ckvvay, iltanson, Jeiemiah Brown, limrul!,
Calhoun, Ctiuton ^u, Cranston, Cldvens, t'Uijhin^, Ruhaiit
T) Davis, Doiff Everett I>iiis,I\s-enden, Idlmoie, i ilm G
Floyd, A Lin mice Fostir, Cites, Ciddlngs PjiuckG (3 >n le,
Granjei, Vvii'iam .-. Has n^-, liemy, liov,aid, Hui'*ou,
Jamt.^, An.hew Krnr e !y, f.twiuic, Lmn, i.ov,( !i, Mc'm.,
Mtttocks, Maxwell, Miyna.d, Moisrin, Moiun/, OW-ine,
Partndge, Pu'dleion, tkoiamin Randall RitlyVfty, Jatrn  M.
Russell, Walton tilt Simonton, í-lalo, 'i. tunan Su kli, í'ii-
lloghast, Tol uid, Tomb noii, Tiumbuii, T'itd(. \voi d, V._,i
Rensselaci, Vvi tluop, Yoi ,e, Augustus Young, and John
Young—OS
S.i the qu s ion of rec.p i >n ( 'arry ,tg he pcti-
tion with i )  s< loii (,n ihe (dale.
Mr. AD4.IV3 .1 3 pi. tn ed a p^'uioi fiom a
number of tu,z;os í Í M'Ssfcht set", s ni",'; that
the Cor,-) station of th  Ui if'xl Si  rs guarr.r.ti '- to
each S'ate in the Union a ttcpjbl caí !oi -n < f Go-
vernment, ?nd .hat there .-«it imr'ctn Stifes [> am-
mg the slavch. ld.ns; Eiatts in. t.icir «rdtr] whose
government'- are ab olu'ciy despotic, onerous, and
oppressive in its exactions ou a great number of
i s c t z'n«. Tie pe.. i-ners, tt.eieft.re, ¡ ray hat
C^t'gre^ woitl I take tins m.itttr lr.to cor.<;irli r;-
¡¡on and lay >t before the sevrr-1 S'a'es, anf finally
to adopt «ae 1e-<ib'e n'ca^ures by winch this
alarming evil nay be ren:-< i^d, r-ntt a R'pub icsn
for.ü of G.iver(i!n"r.l goaranti'tl to such of tac
S'PtfS as are new t. ,thf ut n.
Mr JONES of Mar. ¡?nd ra' cd 'he que tion or
reception on the abóte pe mon, pnd ¡itovtd ti lay
tb-'.l ques'wa on ihe table, vh.ch ico'ton i.as
agí' i-i tr.
JVtr ADA'IS t/T.^rei a promb'c a.-A rf '¡utten
of the ?rt. "la.Liy so-jet/ < f Pciiij->l/am<i, s.attt)';
tba', wht.'i. i' "- p-<>p.t.-1 that t'.s oun'ty -nr,.i
g 'to war "'tth Eisi -id, f r die purpose ot t.o.'g-
io;~ the Brt .c1 irover.li/:ent to as-.'it in holding
r.atvesof i'i" Un. ed S. tt in. slaverj: Thertfore
resolved, 'Ihit tu'h w?r t ou; 1 as ,1 uch t^ceed ui
unrighteou'-noss that •> L'c'" vr w?g?J aeam t t'us
country by Ei'lard in 17Gfi, a- tns wmigsand
privations ir.fl ctet1 or the s,¿v-i u ".^me of the
States in thu Uri<n eie^td tn ma?riHi''e the
wrongs which led to the Dec.arat.on of luetp-n-
dence.
[Daring to  reading of thti preamb'e and rero-
lution, Mr. Adams was frequently called to order
dONéítfiSSiONAL GLOBI.
by Mr. Wise, and decided to be out of order by
the Speaker; but, afteF each interruption, he con-
tinued reading additional portions of the paper,
until, bv this means, he had contrived to get through
with the who'e oí it—muchnotse and ezcitement
prevailing at the time J,
Trie CHAIR said the question had been raised
before, and decided that it was not in order for a
member to read the contents of a petition, without
the permission of the House. He must s?ive a brief
statement of its conte.it'; 
Mr. ADAMS. Well, sir, lam giving a. Brief
statement ot its contents.
Mr. WISE Tbe question is, whether the petition
is presentable at all.
Mr. ADAMS, [his face flushed, an.' much ex-
cited.] Ah 1 the gentleman comes to the "presenta-
ble," does he?
The SFEAKER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts i<° out oí order, and will take his tea'.
Mr. WISE said thit bi^ point of older vtas this:
The paper presented by thf> gentleman from Massa-
chusetts was. sot a petition, and was no'h'ng.more
than a series of resolubot s, with which the House
had nothing todo tn petition day.
Mr, ADAiíS. It i* >iot a ¡.enes, of resolutions. It
is a sit'g'p resolution, with a preamble, which states
that it i« to be presen'ed to Congress.
The SPEAKER thought that the p?prr was
clearly Within the character of a petition ot remon-
strance.
Mr. WISE. The rules are suspend, d to-dsy spe-
c'aily for the reception of peti'ions ai.d mcmonals,
and the suspension nider which they were acting
should be tonstrned strictly.
TfceC!etkre?d the order suspsndira; the roles,
ai.d .^ r-,E.\KEK. deciding that 'be paper shculd
te c ■> '(I r      ', the ¡ r,ht oí r pelii'on,
I^ r WL.. i<)i "cd tbat th= qu stton i f reception
b ¿'i i' t nbU; whi.h mo'ion vsas ca'r.td—
yt.". Im'í.t-w G3,
Mr. jijJA.i.d th;n cuved that the paper be
printed.
Mr. WiSK objee'ed that the purer had rot leen
rece'ved, snd w?.  not in pos^e^ on of u e House.
Mr. ADAMS piesumM that the motion to print
any p.pet ".outd 1 e in order.
Mr. JOKííSON of Maryland obse: ved that, ac-
cording to a deOiS^ti ot the Caair at the last ieta-
sion, it "tas not.
Mr. ADAMS rrqu-stcd that ?n entry.' hould be
made on thejourn.u ih tt he had moved ih* pnnt-
mg of ihis paper.
Mr. WELLEii. That cannot be done—!he pa-
rer was rot re --d.
Mr. ADAMS. Weil, sir, I will submit if I
must, tut you may b"ai more of thi. subject be-
fóle tbe «r-.' n is ovei.
M-. ADÍJ.U presented n remon-'r neo fr""i a
nu : b r of c t zeas oí M"-'ichu"-e'¡s, coae¡nc'i',g
with the dtclarn'ion that thíy c¿ntiot crn-tien-
cioasly obey the provrs'ons oi the Constitution io
iar as to take up arms icr the protection ot slave-
ho ders.
The question r>( the reception of thi" piper was
raided, and that question was laid on the tabK
Mr. ADAMS pre^c&ted the petition of </s h"
 a'd) 41 cnze'is, colored ser.men of the Uni'ed
States, stating .h ,t oi vi iling the i !pnd of Coba
and some ot ¡h° S-mhern por.s of the Uní e 8 ates
they are, in vio.at on of th: C' nstitu'ion, and vviin-
cut benj sec. -rdofism en me but their color, sub-
jf ct d to grievous and uriju-t restnc ions, at.d prny-
írg f 're--..
Mr. Tv"fiLl.r,n. ra""ed the ^uest on ot recep'ion
o'thi, put o.i, end that questKn v/a& laid on the
tab'e.
iJr. ADAMS -"aid ho had ancdvr pfti'icn to
pr.-sent, \ttuh un'or'tt iffel/ w«.s sota "vhatper-
sonal to 1 in $f If. it cpuie from a respectable po -
tion of th1 e, iz-ns ot Ceoijr'a, complaining asp
grea* grievance th-1 he (Mr. A.) haa oetn ap^om'ed
clniiman of the Committee on Foreign Rdatw^,
and cal.ed on the Hou-e to remedy t'~at ?r.evaree
The petuio i was coached in the most re jpej'ul]- ■■
guaop, rnd he a^-k d, r,ay, he demanded u a i
right, that he FIou^" would hear hjti t.i lis.f
f-nce Fgsiri11 the chaigt-S .u..Ve against him 1^
these pendoneta.     He should ihea move to te.er
it to the Commitlse ou Foreign Relations, with
instructions to choose another chairman, if they
should think proper after coasidenrg the peti-
tion.
Mr. WISE objected to ¡he reception of the peti-
tion, aud moved to lay the questi n of reception on .
the table.   He would not agree to discuss this sub-
ject.
Mr. ADAMS said that the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Vise] ooj'Cted to the reception; that
gentleman having hiinscif, in the face of this na-
tion, made, the same charg against ihe Speaker for
the appointment oí other chairmen, among them
himself.
Mr. WISE was understood to say, he hoped the
Speaker would not p<=rmtt the gentleman from
Massechosetts to make remarks out of order. He
(Mr. W.) did cot wish lo make remarks out of
order, bat he should bs compelled to reply if re-
marks of this kind were permitted.
Mr. HABERSHAM asked to be heard for two
miutitei.
Mr. ADAMS claimed the floor. The petition,
coached in the most respectful language, and which
he had rea«on to suppi se was signed by many re-
spectable taen, charged him wi a beipg incompe-
tent for toe station which the Speaker had assigned
him, and he (Mr. A.) cta'med the right to defend
himself.
Some conversation followed, in which Messrs. J.
Campbell, of s. c. w. cost johnson,
HOLMES, ADAMS, and the SPEAKER partici-
pated;
When Mr. HABERSHAM obtained leave to
slate that ¡se was ready to give testimony on this
subject. The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Apams] had submitted this petition to him (Mr.
H.) a week ago. II* hpd told the genueraan,
after a ca'efnl examination, ail s..e names haying
been in tbe sata  handwriting as the peii'ion, that
he had no l.nuwiecge of one of the persons as re-
siding m that county. Tnere were some of the
surnames of person: residing there, bat none hav-
ing the same Christian mames attached to the sur-
names, so far as h  knew. He had tcid tbe gen-
tleman frcm Mav-achu^etts thst he believed the
petit on to le a hoax.
Mr ADAMS s'ill claimed the Ü"or, and de§
mantled, as a matter cf f rivi'fír/1, that he should be
heard m his defence agtiast the imputations in that
papar.
The SPEAKER made some observation?, which,
from the positt n of tie Reporter, as well as the
noise and coniuvon that prerat'ed, were not heard
at the Repoiter'j d-ck.
Mr. ADAMS, [r.-isirghis vo ce to a high pitch ]
Sir, the getiilemnn ¡rom Massachusetts claims the
r'ght to be ¡itid
Mr. W. C03T J0HNÍON [several members on
the floor, and ciaim.!"g to be heatd] raised ihe
po nt of ordi-r, as the Repor'er understood, that the
question of renpiion wi s the only question before
tip Hoase, and that that question was not deba-
table.
The SPEAKER srtid that ihe'e was no difficulty
abcut the question of r-ccept'on having been raised;
but the centiemaa fiti-n M-s achasetts, while still
on the floor, bad oct^aiided to be heard on a pri-
vileged q its ion.
Mi. "WífrE, pit ' cnmerrr",arks statii g the true
ques'iun buitre ihe Pooe, said i.e would put it Is
the Speaker if tV veiy moment whe.i a petition
was piesen ed \a.- not t' e time to raise the ques-
tion of recep'ion, \ hu her the member be on the
floor or rn*
Tn. SP.i'.TER an°wer-d that it was very irue
t'iatthe qtc.'i ,:i • f rtcepticn «a3 raised, but the
?°.ii!"ma.i itum Md^-achuset s raised the questitn
of privile, c, whitti had the prec"aenee ot it, and
Ihit qactum it was for the Houfe to decide.
'fue readu.g of the petition was here called for;
and was read accordingly,
Tne petition in sub tar.ee s'ifjs that the petilion-
I ts consi.'er it a great grievanc that the gcntle-
j man from Massachusetts rhaold have toen placed
It at the head of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
jj because, although they almu him to possess pa-
i tro ism, Ulents. pud ¡-11 the quahfica'ions of *'
,' statesman in the most eminent dejree, yet they be-
