178
pealed. Those 'who had signed the memorial" were
among the most respectable citizens, and were in-
terestfd in tie passage ot ths law. Notwithstand-
ing this memorial, the law was condemned almost
universally in his State.
Mr. WRIGgT presented several petitions from
Oneida county, in the State of New York, praying
for a repeal ef the Bankruptjaw, and givnsg their
reasons why they ask for its repeal.
Mr. MANGUM presented a petition praying f< r
arrears of pension. He remarked that one adverse
report had been heretofore maáe on the subject.
He did not know whether lb* rule adopted on the
subject was intended to have a prospective or retro-
spective operation. If it was a retrospective rule,
It would cover the petition he presented. If it was
intended to have a retrospective operation, the lan-
guage of the rule did not justify it.
After a few remarks from Messrs. CLAY,
LINN, KING, and CLAYTON, showing that it
covered all cases now on the files of the Senate
heretofore reported against,
The CHAIR decided that the petition came un-
der the rale, and could not be acted on.
Mr. TAPPAN presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Ohio, against the repeal or postponement
of the Bankrupt law, signed by 1G5 persons out of
a population ol S50 qualified voters.
fVIr, T. did not believe that any great portion of
the people of Ohio were interested in this law,
though his impression was that the people were ge-
nerally against the law. The proportion of sign-
ers to the number of qualified voters wn* about a
fair criterion of the voice of Ohio; they were ge-
nerally an agricultural and moneyed people, and
not much indebted, and fared but little for the iate
of the law of the extra session.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, presented two peti-
tions from that State—one praying for the abolí-
tion of slavery in the District of Columbia, and
the other that no new State may be admitted, the
constitution of which tolerates slavery.
On motion of Mr. KING, the question of recep-
tion was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. SMITH, Ellen O'Donnell bad
leave to withdraw from the files of the Senate, for
the puipose of layiog before the Commissioner of
Pensions, papers on the subject of her claim for a
pension.
Mi. BENTON presented the petition of M. Go-
ion, asking compensation for the expenses incur-
red in testing his systs-m of telegraphs: referred to
the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. LINN, it was ordered that the
petition of W,lliam A. Slacum, a purser in the
navy of the United State*, praying that he may be
indemnified for expenses jneuned in the execution
of a trust com-.-'iiirU to him by ¡lie President of
the United St.-.tes, be laken from the files of the
Senate, and referred to ¡he Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. YOUf'G presented a memorial from the
city of New Yoik, adverse to any amendment, or
the repeal of in? Bankrupt law. In presenting it,
he made some lemarks expressive of the deep
sympathy he fik for the petitioners, but he could
not «mi-isle! ¡ly with his serse of duty yield to
their wishes, fíe was not opposed to relieving
persons who w«.re hopelessly insolvent if it could
Be done with- >-t o eniüg the doors to fraud, immo-
rality, i.nd th i t?l sporig.ng out of <:r fets, no mat-
ter under wl- .'eircutostonees they were incurred.
He spoke of it' deleterious effiet in holding out
temp-a'ion to i-¡ •, to be d.shone;?, who, under
other ciicuru'-tari "•£•-, would, by p'uJenci?, industry
and cono.j.y, hiui'atc the last dollar of what
they owe. H<- st... . nl thai the provision, exempt-
ing tin ee Kuioicd d liars'worth of property from
the operatiot'S of he law on .'mail debtors in his
own St?. e^nis-iiíbei i captation ;o fraud and injury.
lie v.-; •■ eri i; riu¡ a a temptation 'leu- out for men
to bedj.-houctt. He rhov/ed that the operations of
that provision ¡ni-::i .. fecoii.-;rly productive of in-
ju-tice andev:l m ¡v-_- ,?':;le. Ti.e w!e ¡e cspii.il of
many of those wi 3 resided in that State'did not
amount to more tha. >Yee hundred do'la's. They
sie poor men who emigrated from ether States
with ut a dollar, tofii.d a home for their families in
Illinois.     They  have   in many  cases boirowed
COft&IffiSSfOftAL GLO&fi.
whatever capital they possess. Those lending the
money were aware of the circumstances of the
borrower. They did not Jend it because they be-
lieved the borrower bad property sufficient to liqui-
date the debt; but because they believed him ho-
nest, industrous, and would be enabled to
purchase a home for his family, and by
his industry, prudence, and economy, would
acquire means to liquidate the debt he thus
incurred. They were thus trusted, as are
most men, on their capacity to do business. Though
a man who is honest may not be disposed to em-
brace the benefit of the law, yet it being hi* privi-
lege, and seeing others around him similarly situ-
ated, taking advantage of it, he will fall into the
temptation held out to him, and avail himself of
its privileges, regardless of his duty to his creditor.
The law was thus a temptation to fraud and im-
morality.
The bill asit was originally reported, hadaprovi-
sion which guarded against frauds by small debtors,
but it was stricken out. It was not true, as the
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Berrien] had said,
that we did not have a lien upon the hopes and
expectation of the debtor. We had, and the doc-
trine advocating the reverse of this principle was
perfectly fallacious. It was a doctrine which ought
not to be tolerated in this country, and was a doc-
trine of repudiation, a general sponging of debt;
and if applied to the States would lead to the pay-
ment of all their debts by the surrender of all their
property. He spoke of the error of the times, of
the people looking to the General Government to
release ihcm from the obligations of contract, and
to relieve them from the oppressions of a deprecia-
ted currency, and other evils, when such subjects
belonged legitimately tp the legislation of the Stateq
and showed thit the disability to comply with those
obl'gaiions, and the oiher causes of complaint,
were wholly the effect of State legislation. He was
averse to the interference by the General Government
with the contracts between man and man. It was in-
consistent with the nature of Ihe General Govern-
ment. If it was necessary to interfere, the matter
should be left exclusively to the States. He refer-
red to Ihe terrible effects of the relief laws of Ken-
tucky, which were similar in principle to this law,
which originated the old court and new court par-
tier; and warned them that this hill might he equal-
ly productive of mischief. He had no doubt that
the law of the last session would stand. He
had voted for it when it first passed the Se-
nate, but afterwards voted for its indefinite postpone-
ment, and believing that the voice of the people of
his State was against it, and that it would be pro-
ductive of evil, he would now feel constrained,
from an imperative sense of duty, to vote for its re-
pea'.
Mr. TALLMADGE said that, from what had
fallen from the Senator from Illinois, he felt bound
to say a word or two. It was well known that he
had voted for the Bankrupt bill. Having found
his censtituents, as he thought, opposed to <he
bill, be had changed bis mind in regard to it. He
should be the last 10 complain. In regard to the
provision where debts were under and of three
hundred dollars, he had stated that the effects would
be bad. Upon former occasions, when the'Bank-
rupt bill was under oonsideratior, he had moved
that for all classes of indebtedness the benefits of
the Bankrupt law should be extended—for small
debts as w*-ll as large Tile bill, as if was original -
ly reported, embraced a provision that a person
who did not owe o?e thousand dollars, and was pos-
sessed of five hundred dolíais properly, was not en-
titled to make application for its benefits.. He
thought hat an odious distinction, and he moved
to strike it out. The b'.ll was, ho v. ever, sufficient-
ly guarded to prevent any fraud by small debtors,
and that it was made the duly of the ass'enees, in
allowing fn m the assets of t.le debtor $300 for the
use of his familv; to take into consideration the
condition and circHKts ances of his family, and his
past mode of living, before any thing shall be al-
Wed. Nothing, therefore, could be exempt from
the operation of the law, save household furniture
and th'nss indispensable for the family. Under no
circumstances could any thing be reserved in mo.
ney or in lands, that may be valued at #300.   He
denied the position assumed that the principles of
the bill, by releasing bona fide bankrupts from the
trammels of debt, could, under any circumstances,
be pleaded in justification of the repudiation of
debts by the Slates,
In regard to the alleged repudiation by this bill,
he stated there was no justice or propriety in the
comparison. He would ask, what constitutes a
State? Not its public buildings and edifices. It
was the bone and sinew of its population. That
constituted a State. But would you make slaves
of your oivn citizens? Would you bind them hand
and foot? Give freedom to your citizens. Strike
off iheir shackles. Let the freeman be placed in
a condition to support himself, his wife, and chil-
dren, and then he would be placed in a condition
to relieve the State and prevent repudiation,. What
was the situation of your insolvents? What had
made them so but the inflation and expansion of
your currency? At this time your property was
reduced to the lowest point, and you had not even
the benefit of a metallic currency. It was locked
up, of no use either to individuals or to the coun-
try. You had brought about this excited state of
things, and to this would you adTd a hopeless and
eternal bondage by fettering the debtor forevet?
Your legislation had done this, and you owed it to
justice and humanity 10 relieve them.
Mr. YOUNG said he did not disagree -with his
fnend in regard to cafes of hopeless insolvency.
He would extend relief to such. He would not,
however, give relief to those who, having some
property, were to be discharged for an inconside-
rable debt, which could be paid by the exercise, for a
short period of prudence,  industry and economy.
Mr. SIMMONS presented joint resolutions passed
by the Legislature of the Stale of Rhode Island,
in favor of ihe suspension of the operations of the
Bankrupt law. He said he understood that a
resolution bad been introduced into the Legisla-
ture of that S'a'e for the lcpcal of the law, and
was rejected by a decided majority. By an infe-
rential construction of the pioceedmgs of that bo-
dy, then, they having sanctioned the postpone-
ment, and rejected the proposition of repeal, he
should f-ci himself bound to vote against the re-
peal. IIt>! was a creditor State, and was deeply
interested, therefore, in having the operations of
the law suspended till its provisions could be more
thoroughly Understood. There was a great di-
versity of opinion as to the effect of the details of
the law; some believing that they were favorable to
the debtor, others, that the creditor would be mostly
benefited. The effect could not be known until
there was a judicial construction of its provisions.
He believed when it was construed by a judicial
tribunal, one half of the opposition at least would
cease, inasmuch as one party or the other would
be satisfied at the comtruction. He concurred
with the wishes of the Legislature against the re-
peal, and the objects of postponement—the amend-
ment of the law. He would then vete against the
repeal; and if the law go into operation, the objects
of amendment cou'd be better obtained after wit-
nessing the practical operations ot the law.
The morning hour having expired, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the bill of the
House of R<-preventatives to repeal
THS BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. BAYAR0\ addressed the Sécate for up-
wards of an hour, "investigating the whole ground
of argument upon <vhich the friends of the Bank-
is rupt law advocated jts .constitutionality and expe-
diency. He first tl^ejt upon the exaggeration of
the assumption t'naUhfie -were five hundred thou-
sand bankrupts m ihfe-United St-jtrs, calling for
and enmled to relief.} He showed from ihe re-
turns of the late c<liens ¡hat the whole amount of
person  engaged in trade and manufacturing feusi-
ripss ¿id not exceed nine hundred thousand, and
that it was an ut'er impossibility, that more than
one in a hundred of these could be. bankrupt. The
probability was that the whole of'the persons in
the United States, properly coming within the pro-
visions of the system of bankruptcy contemplated
by she framcrs of the Constitution, in giving
the power to the General Government te pass
laws on the subject—did not exceed nine thou-
sond.   He showed that this being an agricultural
