population, must necessarily have fewer subjects
lor the operation of bankrupt laws than Eng-
land, which is emphatically and essentially a na-
tion of shopkeepers and manufacturers. Yet, in
renewing the history of bankruptcy in England,
from the year 1700 to 1808—a period of one hun-
dred ana eight years—it had been found that the
aggregate number of bankrupts in that country
during more than a hundred years was but eleven
thousand.
He next adverted to another exaggeration,name-
ly, that the bankrupts of the United Slates were a
peculiarly oppressed, honest, and deserving class
of persons He doubted not that there were many
honest and deserving individuals among them,
whom it would be humane and desirable to relieve;
but there were also many of a very different cha-
racter—many who had had no'conscientious regard
for the interests of their creditors, and who squan-
dered the means entrusted to them in such a man-
ner as to be disentitled to such iympathy as had
been wrought up on thsir behalf. He next went
into the detail? of the act passed last ses-
sion, to prove that act, in all its principle0,
unconstitutional. He adverted to the only system
of bankruptcy known to the framers of the
Constitution—the English system—and which they
had solely in view in granting the power to
the General Government to pass bankrupt laws,
and in taat system no such principles as those
of the act of last session were to be found.
The whole care and object of this act is for
the relief and benefit of the debtor, and it in-
cludes all classes of insolvents, as well a? those
engaged in trade. Tne English system, on the con-
trary, was originated, and it* principal features
continued up to the present day, for the benefit
of the creditor—the benefit of the dettor being only
a subsequent and incidental provis.on, miended to
act for the further benefit of the creditor. In proof
of this, Mr. Bayard took up the history of the Eng-
lish bankrupt system, from its first germ in the ju-
risprudence of England, shortly after the Norman
conquest, and quoted the several ac's on the sub-
ject in the 16 h, 17th, and 18ih centuries. In the
preambles of all those acts, it was expressly stated
that the protection of the credi'or against fraudulent
debtors, was the object aimed at; and it was not
till it was thought that somemmg more than the
coercion of law was desirable to at'a>n the object,
that encouragements were held out to debtors to be
bom st to their creditors, by incidental benefits re-
u'ung to themselves—such as freedom from future
1 abi lty, per centage on the dividends pmd, &c.
And as a further proof of those laws b^ing against
dtbtors and for creditors, he showed the severity of
trie penalties authorized by the enactments of the
17th and 18 h centuries, reaching even to felony
and death. Now, the Binkrupt law of last sess on
was as opposite to ail this, in its nature, as any
th ng well could be. It was altogether for the re-
lief ot the debtor and the coercion of the creditor.
It hid no penalties, but simply the denial of relief
from responsibility, on refusal of the surrender ofv
property, or concealment. Considering the law,
as it now stands, wholly unconstitutional and m-
t?p dient, he should vote for its repeal.           _—-,
Mr. CHOATE, in con'muation of the debate, I
said ne could assure his friends that he would not/
keep them long from the vote upon the bill before
tae áenate, or trie Senator from Missouri from sub-
in. ting what he had to say   in conclus'on of the
discussion.    He would  take about three m nut<=s
of the time of the Senate in pretenttng three rea-|
sons m favor of the retrospective part of the law.
lie sustained the retro-pectivecharae er of the bill \
because he represented a creditor State, as he had i
been reminded by  the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.  i
Berrien]   Massachusetts wis in favor <jf the law.
Th" Legis'ature of Massachusetts had passed re-
solutions in  favor of it     f 30 000,000 of pioperty
had been represented  here m  one   petition from    í
Boston opposed to  lhe repeal   of "he law    This
property was employed at Mexico, up  and down
the father of water?, and in almost every place of
the cDuntry, and far beyond   its  borde s.    Otner
memorials of a like character had also been pre-   i
sen'ed, and why?   Massachusetts was a creditor   ;
State, and there was due to that State §15,000,000
Congressional atom.
at this time in the Southwest; and there were at
this and other sections of the Union more than ten
millions due her over and above the amount of the
indebtedness of individuals in his State.
He put the defence of this bill m Massachusetts
to the account of a keen, far-sighted, self interest.
It was this feehog which sustained the law, and
not any romantic notions of humanity. He said
this in answer to his friend from Delaware, who
had opposed the law as unj'ust to creditors Debts
due his State cannot be reached now, said Mr. C ,
they are put mto a napkin and burled up in the
earth. The debtor was spending this money,
which belonged to the creditor. It was lost to
business, lost to commerce, lost to trade, lost to
manufactures, and to all useful purposes. Let this
law, then, go out and offer liberty to the captive,
and it would disinter those assets from their burial
place.
The property surrendered, as stated by a Sena-
tor from Kentucky, [Mr Clat,] would not be lost
in being surrendered. The cieditor receiving it
would take care of that. The creditor would get
something under the bill, whereas now he gets
nothing, and can get nothing
This was one thing (said Mr. C ) in favor of
the law, and there was one other, thing that Mas-
sachusetts looked to, and that was to the ransomed
debtors of the country, who would be liberated by
this act. Once free, they would become her cus-
tomers, and the Senator was astonished that others
did not regard the law as Massachusetts did, on
this very account.
Mr. C also said that he voted also for the re-
trospective law, because it was a moral right of
Government to pass such a law. If the bill did,
as was said by the Senator from Delaware, sponge
out debts, he admitted that it was a weighty objec-
tion, and would be an effective one, if the objection
was not borne down by ten thousand superior
claims. Admirable and beautiful as he admitted
the law, and anxious as he was (to use the lan-
guage of EJmund Burke) to see it "carried into
the brazen tablets of evety sylem of jurispru-
dence in the world," yet he would not vote for the
bill if these and all other objections were not fully
overcome by the virtues of t>«> bill The practice
of the whole world did not forbid, nor did sound
ethics forbid, the enactment of such a law. What
would the creditor ga n, he would ask, by 1-esdwg
tne debtor round the world, as under the o'd
Scotch law, with the habiliments of bankruptcy
upon him? Nathm?. By setting one captive free,
he made two men where before there was but one,
and two blades of grass to grow where but one
grew before.
It was well and beautifully said by Judge J An-
son, of South Carolina, that a part of public duty
was to relieve humanity. More than this was
done in the passage of this bill. Besides, we had
the power to do thi«, to pass a retrospective law,
and he would say that there never was a sjstem in
which the retrospective powtr was not given
More than this. It was our hand that struck
these men down, and our hind might be as benefi-
cently, as benevolently employed in raising them
up
It was "a Federal Whig measure," said the Se
nator fro-n Missouri, [Mr. Bentoh ] He thought
it a measure that absolved and swallowed up party
distinctions. In Boston, at the Capitol, tie people
had assembled right after night The people there
rose aid fell like tne billows of the sea, throwing
out their voice in eloquent appeals tnat this bill
might remain the law of the land It was, he ad-
mitted, a relief and a humane measur- , and passed
to set the debtor free; but let no man, be he never
so aood a lawyer, or so severe a moralist, say he
could not vote for this la*. Herejjiced to say a
word m behalf of, and for <uch a measure as this,
and had bleas^d God at th  opportunity to do so.
For himseif and for o'hers to bea-, upon the ap-
proaching lit of February, the meek and silver
voices of freemen swelling the jubilee of the cap-
tive set free, would be the consummation of an
event not only devoutly wished, but never to be
forgotten.
Mr. BENTON, after some prefatory remarks,
observed that, with the closest attention he had
*S        1?0
been able to give to the arguments of those who
opposed the repeal of the Bankrupt law, he had
not discovered that one of the eighteen objections
he had on a former day urged against the law,
had been answered. Of these eighteen objections
not one had been attempted to be answered, be-
cause they were unanswerable. They would re-
main so; but he would now confine himself to only
two of those objections—one, that the law is, in its
primary and initiatory provisions, wholly and
solely for the relief of the debtor. It is not a bank-
rupt law. It is a vast insolvent law, the object of
which is, the abolition of debt, at the will and plea-
sure of the debtor, and without regard to the wishes
of the creditor, or the consequences so far as his
rights are concerned. All its provisions and en-
actments have for their object and end, the aboli-
tion of contracts of debt. All the rest was mere
mockery. His next objection was as to time and
place. The law gives the debtor his own choice
of time and place He may profess himself a
bankrupt, when he pleases—when he has something
to pay, or when he has spent the lasi cnt. Ha
may wait till he has wasted all the substance of
his creditors, or he may not, just as he chooses; for
the law is entirely for his convenience, and not for
the protection of his creditors. He may go where
he pleases—to the most remote limits of this Unien,
to become a bankrupt—where his creditors will
not incur the expense of following bim or contest-
ing his discharge, and where he may give notice,
in compliance with the law, by a letter dropped in
the post office, or by a publication in an obscure
newspaper, that will never reach a creditor. He
may do this, though the interests of men, women,
children, idiots, lunatics, and persons resident be-
yond the seas, are concerned The Senator
from Georgia asks, "would you charge the future
earnings of a man who has given up all hi¡5 pro-
perty, with the payment of his old debts?" He (Mr.
Bentoh) answered, yes, he wodld. He would
never release him fiom ^s obligation till the debt
was paid. What was the capital of the lawye*,
the professional man, the mechanic, the laborer, the
manufacturer, or any one else, living by the exercise
of manual skill or men tal faculties, but their industry
and powers of productiveness? On thefaitb. of lhe e
depended their credi'; and they should be always
habla to the d sebarge of their obligations. The
very first memorial sent to Congress thre* years
ago for *uch a system of bankruptcy as the law of
last se sion—¡or this abolition of all debts—this ge-
neral law of relief for all insolvents—and which
system was advocated by a gentleman, then a Se-
nator from Massachusetts, [air. Webster]—
not now in this body—was signed by a per-
son [Mr. Stillwell] who hss received an ap-
pointment trom this Administration as marshal
of the Southern district of New York, in view of
his own benefit, and was he (Mr Benton) now
to be asked, if he would leave the six or nine
thousand dollars a year s-alary ot that beneficiary
of office, liable to the claims of his creditors, and
not let him take the benefit of this Bankrupt law
that he might live with his family in luxury and
¡splendor? He would answer, yes, he would
leave the salary of every such official, open to the
claims of his creditors, just as he would the earn-
ing of any contractor of debt, whose creditors
had trusted him in faith of his capability of repay-
ment
At half past three o'clock, Mr. Benton, wi h-
out having concluded, yielded to a motion to ad-
j urn
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRE-ENTVriVES
fhlrsdav, January 30 181i
The  Toil nal of vestei lay was readaTj approved
Tfir QUESTION OP PEIMICSE
Mr BOTT8 ro eandsaid lie believed ihit the flrat b'tsinesi
in or lei wa^ tne unfinished business of yebteiday
The SPEAKER replied in theafllimauve
Mr BO ITS said he would then, ask the gentlempn fum
Massachusetts L "r Adjms] to withdraw hisquestion of const-
delation, in order that he (Mr B  might submit a lew remark
on lhe mam question
Mr ARNOLD claimed the floor, h vrog been entijel
to it, he said, when the motion was made to adjourn yei
The SPEAKER inquned of Mi \dams whether he w ih
drewthe question of consideratior ?
The Reporter hei e giyes the state of the que°t o r a^ h° u
derstood it.
