186
all, she would say, preserve the entire system,
rather than reject the Bankrupt law. He argued
that the interests ef the creditor were as well taken
care of in the law as the interests of the debtor,
unless they were prepared to say that th  creditor
was not only entitled to the soul of the debtor, but
the souls of bis wife and children. He appealed
to the friends of the system not to permit one por-
tioBrOf it to be undone, unless* they were prepared
to yield the whole, which would be the effect of the
abandonment of this law. These measures of re-
lief were as necessary now as they were at the
extra session.
Had there been any mitigation of the public dis-
tress or any return of prosperity in the country to
favor the repeal? Was not the reverse of all ¡bus
true? Were not all the considerations which ex-
isted when the law was passed, much stronger now
than they were then? and were these considerations
likely to be diminished in the future? No: the
future presented to the mind the gloomiest forebod-
ings, instead of a cessation of embarrassments.
And should they, ihis moment, when the country
was writhing in distress, repeal this la«? What
was the condition of the unfortunate class of debt-
ors? Three da>s only were to elapse before the
law would go into effect; and the spectacle that
was now presented resembled the scene of unior-
tunate men incarcerated in jails and the gloomy
cells of dungeons, looking far the operation of thin
of this measure to bring to thera health and viva-
city, but, repeal the law and all their hopes and
happy ancticipations were blasted. In another
view of this subject: the prison doors were almost
opened wide; they rushed to enjoy the light of
Heaven—and, at th's moment, what was asked?
Why, that they should be flung back again into
gloom, and doomed, with the grating of ihe door?
upon their hinges, dwelling on their ears. If the
Senate could do >his, he could not; he had cot the
heait or the hand to do r; he could not do it, and
he would not do it.
The morning hour haying expired,
The Senate then took up the bill of the House
of Representatives to. repeal the Bankrupt law.
Mr. BENTON resumed his remarks from yes-
terday. But before entering upon the further en-
forcement of| the t\jo leading points of objection—
one as to iheíenatácícr of the bankrupt act of last
session being.  r.fiitwl iusolvent law fur the abo-
lition of debt and; abrogation of conuact-i ai the
will and pleasure/of the debtor; and ih* other as
to the choice ofnme and place, which it ¡eaves 10
his discretion—Mr, Benton, in allosiou to the ic-
rnarks of the Senator lrom Kentucky, pVh.
Clay,] on presenting the last petition beioie ¡he
orders of the day ean.e up, remarked that
the Senator's [Mi. CmVs] concluding words
were ¡h  pith and only argument ol all the memo-
rials, petitions, and lemonsirauees adüi'Ksed to
Congress in support of lb*; law, and ihe only argu-
ments urged in ihe Senate against ¡is repeal. These
petitions, argumetit-i, ar.d speeches, v.tre nothing
but appeals to the pas&ions, on false a-.su:ns.iion.-—
on assumptions wholly bascl.: a m point or fact,
and wholly untenable, even with ail the arte of xo-
phis'ry, before any assembly of the people oí ihi«
Union. The whole burden of t'ne'.e a.^pe.ii is the
"unfortunate, houcss, and desei vltig debtor;" "will
not Cungre;.s do it.-, duly by thiowimr opea ¡he doors
of ihe prison house, and let ihe ¡nca'C-'-ra't'd come
out from his dunjeon io see the liglr of dav, aiid
breathe the vi'a! an?" "will not Co'igivs .--.ril-e the
manacles (rom l"s limbs, ¡wid lei him have ¡he Ace
use of them, lo labor for th  suppc:tar;dcnjoymt-i:t
of bis starving famtlj?" Where are drbtoi.-. impii-
soned? >n what diing^ctts are they incarcerated
from the light i--f d::y vt the v¡ul ait? Where ais
their limbs-taanae'cd .'.rid shackled ?nd kept fiom
locomotion? In w::at &i'jte of tnis Vnicn viae <he
persons of debtors sahjee; io a ay such lestraino?
In what State of this Union w :o not "..spri-ui'incit
for debt abolt<hed or disused? I.' v/n- t State ¡':d
BOt insolvent laws absolve 'he peison of tin debtor
on the surrender of his effects? What relief to the
person of the debtor cou'd this va.-t insolvent !,r.v
of the extra session afford, that he might not have
from the insolvent laws of his own State, and that
without the violation of the Constitution or of On
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rights of other States? Did not those who made
these baseless appeals know they were all gross de-
lusions—unfounded appeals to the passions—and
unworthy of the consideraren of any grave delibe-
rative body? Yet the Senator from Kentucky.had
carried his imagination so far as to lead him to
argue upon the supposition that all the bankrupts
of the United States are in,prison—in dark and dis-
mal dungeons—chained—manacled—and shut out
from light and air and family ties! That they
are all there—in this condition—anxiously wait-
ing for these three days to expire that their
chains may be struck off—the prison doors thrown
open—and themselves restored to the light of
h-iaven and liberty to provide for their families!
Is not this all sheer imagination—all fancy, without
a scintilla of facts for its basis? and yet the whole
of this is nothing but a collation and repetition of
every speech and every petition offered in support
of the Bankrupt act of last session. All is about
unfortunate, honest, and deserving bankrupts impri-
soned for debt. It is all a gross falsity—ali a piece
of rhetorical imagination—all got up to influence
the feelings and passions of those who ought not to
be governed by the passions or mere imagination
in matters of grave legislation. Having disposed
of the incidental matter growing out of the re-
marks of the Senator from Kentucky, Mr. Benton
to.'k up his argument where he left off yesterday,
expatiating on the unconstitutionality of a general
msolve t law for the abolition of all debts, and
abiogation of all contracts at the option and plea-
sure of the debtor. He traced from the Romans
the origin of the English system of bankruptcy;
its progress through successive reigns down to the
amendatory act of William the Fourth; the state
of the English system prevailing at the time the
Constitution of the United States was adopted;
the character of all legislation on the subject of the
power grauisd to Congress in ihe Constitution—*o
show that, until the introduction of a bill by a late
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Webster] two
years ago, on a petition from Mr. Stillwell, now
Maishal of the southern district of Nero York, and
an insolvent himself, against whom judgment* are
oubiauding and unsatisfied for thousands on thou-
sands oí dollars.an idea never was entertained by any
legislative body on earth, to enact a law for the abo-
lition of all private debts and abrogaiion of all con-
tracts. Yet lately J as that astounding proposition
had iound its way into the halis of legislation, it
wv.s already consummated in the act passed at the
ix't.t .-.us-..on. He had repeatedly put the question
to the advocates of thil law without reeeividjr an
nnswer, and he would again put it now, to afford
th<: eeutu.tnen a last opportunity of satisfying the
country; could they potnt out one Government in
the civilized world, but that of the United States,
whirl, h<.d over dated to pass such a law as the
Bankrupt law of the late extra session? He wai
uaily tn yield the floor to any gentleman who could
hiii-v,erihe question. [After some pause.] No
fteotlecari w,ís prepared to point to the (iovern-
meiit on earth which had ever entertained so mon-
süoUí .i proposition—because no gentleman cmld
dü 1 . Mr. Cbnton showed that the principles of
the K.ighth system of bankrupt laws were uni*'er-
üiliy those which prevailed in Europe. He quoted
Urgidt-ly and pointedly from the Code .Napoleon of
France, in evidence of the strictness with which
u btu.s ni« there coerced for the security of credi-
tors; and deduced, ,Jn a general summary of bis
?rgu.i:f ¡it, that the Bankrupt law ot this country, as
iii.w .-. lablished, is opposite in its character and
principies, not al ne to the in'enlion of tl.c Con*
stitu-ioH of of the United States, but to the exam-
pi", convicliou, and sense of every etvihzed coun-
uy l.t the v.orld. It is a law which cannot stand
tvjieu it comes fairly before the people. Its opera-
tion wdi not only ensure its own destruction, but
• hat of lúe party with which it has originated. If
he (Mr. Benton) were to be governed by mere par-
tean  ;ews, and to act as would best advance the
mere ends of party, he should have sat in his chair
wiihout saying one word in favor of this repeal.
Gut ins motives were higher and holier than those
of a partisan, and he eould not sit silently while
the ¡it-rests of the country, the rights of citi-
zens and States, and the Constitution which Jinks
all together, were so wantonly and dangerously in-
vaded. But as this attempt to save the country
was to be voted down by a bare majority—a
strong proof that the law has not the constitutional
uniformity of character, to command a universal
vote in its support—let the act of the extra ses-
sion go into operation; and the condemnation of
the American people will, in a very few months,
be pronounced iu terms that cannot be miscon-
strued.
Mr. WILLIAMS explained the reason why he
should feel himself bound to vote against the re-
peal of the law. The State of Maine was in favor
of a bankrupt law to afford relief to honest and un-
fortunate debtors; and although he wished to see
the law of last session greatly amended, and also
extended to banking corporations, yet believing
the wishes of his State did not extend to its repeal,
he felt that he should best discharge his duty in
voting as he intended.
The question now being, Shall the bill pass?
Mr. CLAY demanded the yeas and nays; which
being ordered and taken,were—yeas 22 nays 23,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Archer,Bayard, Benton,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Fulton, Graham, King,
Linn, McRoberts, Moreheatl, Pierce, 'Prentiss,
Rives, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates,Berrien, Choate,
Clay, Clayton, Evans, Henderson, Huntington,
Kerr, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Phelps, Porter,
Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge,
Walker, White, Williams, and Woodbridge—23.
So the bill was rejected.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. MANGUM remarked he had been re-
quested to account for the absence of the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Pjieston.] That Se-
nator, by special appointment to attend to some
business with the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Modton,] had paired off with that Senator.
Mr. CLAY moved that when the Senate ad-
journ, it adjourn till Monday next; which motion
vías agreed to.
On motion of Mr. CLA.Y, the Senate then ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 28, 1842.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
Mr. FILjLMORjE inquired of the Speaker what
was ihe regular ojder of business?
Tne SPEAKER. It is the question of privilege,
and the ppndmg motion is that of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Thompson,] to lay the whole
subject on |he ta'Me.
Mr. LEWIS,' WILLIAMS, (remarking that the
House w.ii^nof yet full,) moved that thtre be a call
of ihe House./
Which mWon was agreed to.
And the Ml having been called, 170 members
answered to their names.
And the names of the members having been
again called, 201 members appeared to be present.
The doors of the hall were then closed.
Mr. FILLMORE said he thought it would only
be a waste of time to go further with the call; and
the public business required that the Houss should
proceed with it, as soon as possible. He therefore
moved that further proceedings be suspended.
©11 wh'c'o motion the ayes were 106, (a majority
of those present,) nr.es not counted.
So íisrther proceedings on the call were dispensed
with, and the doors of ihe hall were again opened.
When ihe House adjourned last evening, the
state of the question, under the vole of the House
yesterday, (rejecting substantit ,lly the point of order
raised by Mr Adams,) was upon the substitute pro-
posed by Mr. Marshall for Mr. Gilmer's propo-
sition of censure ef Mr. Adams:
And a motion had been made by Mr. Thomp-
fON of Indiana to lay the whole subject on the
table;
Pending which motion, the House had adjourned.
And the question now recurred on the/said mo-
tion to lay the whole subject on the tab.ie.
