G0NGRES3I0WA1. GLOBE.
18f
Mr. HOPKINS asked the yeas and nays; which
Were ordered.
Mr. MARSHALL again appealed to Mr.
Thompson to withdraw the motion, that he (Mr.
fid-) might have an opportunity to respond to accu-
sations and misrepresentations which had been
made against him here—that he might place him-
self in the attitude in which he wished to stand, and
Separate himself from argu&ents which he had ne-
ver used. If the gentleman would withdraw the
motion, he (Mr. M.) would promise to renew it.
The SPEAKER (addressing Mr. Thompson.)
Does the gentleman withdraw the motion?
Mr, THOMPSON said there was no gentleman
in the House for whom he entertained warmer or
more cordial sentiments than the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Marshall.] Nor would Mr. T.
willing be lastrumenial in placing ihat gentle-
man in an unfavorable attitude before the country
on this or any other subject. But when he (Mr.
T.) had submitted his motion to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table, higher considerations ihan any
which were meiely personal to any member of Jits
House bad been present to his mind. He had
seen the public business, day after day, neglected
and set aside—
" The SPEAKER here interrupted Mr. T. and
said that it was not in ord^r cow to submit any
remarks, and that the gentleman would either wi'h-
draw his motion to lay on the table, or say that he
would not do so.
-   Mr. THOM PSON said he would then on ly make
a brief statement m explanation.
.-   The SPEAKER said it would not be in order.
. • Mr. THOMPSON said  that, if he understood
correctly, he might yield the floor to the gentleman
from Kentucky for the purpose of explanation.
' The SPEAKER again intimated to Mr. T. that
he should withdraw his motion, or say he did not
do so.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON was understood to say
that if the motion was to be withdrawn for expla-
nation, he himself had a few words to say.
Mr. WINTHROP was understood to inquire
whether it would not be in order for the gentleman
from Indiana (Mr. Thompson) to wi'hdraw the
motion to lay on the table, ¡a order that he might
make his explanation; and then renew it.
The SPEAKER was understood to say: Yes, but
the gentleman had not dot.? so.
. Mr. THOMPSON said ¡hat when he came to
the House this morning, he had determined in his
own mind that he would, under no circumstance'--,
withdra    the motion  to lay the whole subject on
the table.    But he found himself appealed to so
.strongly by  tho gentleman from  Kenmcky [Mr.
    Marshall] who said  that he desired to make a
<  personal explanation in reference, to ¡natters in
•   Which he felt deeply interested,  that he was will-
*t lug, on  the pledge of that gentleman (wh.ch he
t'i  bad already tendered to the House) that he would
\ renew the motion, to withdraw it.     Without that
.  pledge, he could r-,ot withdraw it
f       Mr. MARSHALL of Kentucky thin rose and
t   said he  had risen  fir  the purpose ot endeavor-
('  ing, at least, to extricate the proportion be had  of-
•   fered to the House from all  those matters extrane-
ous to it which !ia i so assiduously been al>empitd
t   to be connected with it; as well by tnose who wen?
>•  its avowed enemies, as by thof.e «ho had protease !,
>   in argument,  to  be  its friends.   The gentleman
:   from Massachusetts, and  those who had addressed
the House in his dtfence,  had pressed on its con-
N sideration the situation in which he was placed be-
fore this House, by the changes said to be contained
• in the resolutions Mr. M. had had  the  honor to
propose.   Bat u ought to be remembered that there
was another trial >et to come, b'-fore the tribunal
of public opinion, m which Mr. M. must appear
as the accused party.    He had been Well aware of
the past services,  of the  weight oí character, of
the dignity, of the learning, and of the important
- position of the honorable gentleman from  Massa-
chusetts in that House and befóte the world.    He
. well knew thit that gentleman was  infimtfly dis-
tant from him ia age, repatatioa, and personal im-
portance and standing before that House; yet, not-
withstanding all this, operated upon as he was by
motives which he considered adequate, he had de-
li
liberately chosen the course he had pursued, under
ail the circumstances which attended it.
He could not but wonder, after the debate which
had occurred upon a former day, between the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts and himself, on the
point of law involved in the case, in which that
point, after having been fully argued, had been de-
cided agaio.st him, that it should have been again
brought forward yesterday, and more especially
from the quarter and in the manner that it had
been by his colleasue, [Mr. Undf.bwood ] That
gentleman accused Mr. M of having charged the
gentleman from Massachusetts with subornation of
perjury and with high 'reasoe. How was it possible
but that even the most curscv and hasty r?adipg
of the resolutions he had offered was no! of it-elf
sufficient to show to any man that they contained
no such charge against the member from Mas-
sachusetts? Before he sat down, he should
take an opporluni'y to discuss the truth and
propriety of the principles contained in the
preamble to those re'olu'ion% ia which alone
it could be pretendfd that he had involved the
gentleman from Massachusetts in the alleged
charges of subornation of perjury and ofhieH
treason. Ue sbou'd not abuse the patience of the
House by introducing what was irrelevsnt to the
snbjcc'; but, before he came to what was the real
question, he must be permitted to take some little
notice of what had yesterday fallen from his friend
from Virginia, over the way, [Mr. Wise ] Of
all men on that floor—of all men living—he should
be the last to let bis views in rela'ion to the pre-
sent subject go before the country on the grounds
on which tbey h d be*n placed by ihat gen'leman.
Entertaining toward him, (and he said this not
with the view of covering up what he should now
advance from the freest course of animadversion
by him or othrrs, but in all seriousnes1- and since-
rity,) en'ertaining toward the ¡ cnt!e<Dai 'he 'uo t
per.'eei respect, tn.1 being, moreover, in their pri-
vate and personal relations and intercourse, not
only on the most friendly term-.-, but under personal
obligations to him for ?ct¡ of kindness and cour-
trsy, wha'pver he should sav in regard to the gen-
tleman's course here would be in its bearings
purely political. While, then, he severed him«e!f
utterly from that eet;i)prnsin's political view , and
from what i-e believed to be hi--, political objects
loo, and without expressing any censure ur--on him
for those views, none whatever—the gpnUenv-m
might beripht, or Mr. M. misrhr be nth'; the one
was as likely as the o>hr:; t' e cotiu'ry mti-t jmbe
between them—he would he;c say that ihey weie
as wide apart as the poles, and he feared sh uld
remain so.
Mr. WISE here interposed, and Mr. Marshall
having yielded him the floor for exphnatio?, he
went on to say that there was one fact which he
Wished now, bf-fo'-e ih? ¡rer'leman proceeded any
farther, should be clearly understood by the Hons=
bv bis consuíocíüs, aid by ih^ ^r.iicrvian frooi
Mas--achiise;.:. Ii was ihv: that he i-eve; '-ad .-.d-
v'.oí-.tfio pí infant ¡o aoy ?í~í¡v.' to ;;i-': "iff, ihc
resolutions ofTi-ted by ¡tie nemieoian ir un Jí>n-
ti'cki, [Mr. Maus-hall ] In n-bat he rnd s- i 1
ves'erdav and ilu- ear b--foie, !.'■ had . poken «n
the question of printing tnttn,?ml of urm'inff aloae
—not 10 advocate the resolution--, but to incuse
him e'f from voting on 'he ca^e of the gentleman,
from Massachusetts. The f.prt!Jem?.j from Ken-
tucky need not premio" ¡,:s troceen fc - disavowing
¡ his willinctiuss to have h-'s prope?'<;on to res' on
any ground* taken by Mr. T7. for he h?.<* rot in-
fe;-djd that what h; s"ri,l   <■",  th«'  < cession should
b-í understood ss hav
whatr-vei
Mr. MARS'-TALL
si' f
do With it
1 thisdisavo.vatcn ¡n-
pin
FT--- •••.
¡p-.-f.-i-
'.v   *p'rr
r. M. ha 1  >■
i it).-
mrt-
prp.
ne?.
ver
gpn'h'can   it.d.'od   inter, led r
t  flr.M \ rrop-'sitio.-., be :':
ed .o exe'aim. ;n ¡ ? '."<->!•?-
vetb, "God deliver o-'f-om r
take ear? of my eceHes."
r -port ( f t'ie crn'-'em-a',- i-eech with «real f':eti-
tion, (for it had been im;.;s-tb¡e, from the confe-
sión, to hear all the gentleman sa'd,) anv ho fonr.d
it would still be necessary for him to <ake a  very
•ad '
cursory review of what the gentleman had ad-
vanced; in doine which he should take the liberty
of condensing the speech a little, which, as reported
to the public, occupied in all some seven columns of
the National Intelligencer. Should he, in this pro-
cess of conden?ation, reduce the speech of the gen-
tleman to the form of dbtinct resolution?, they 
would amount to about these : I. Resolved, That
the existence of slavery as an institution js essen-
tial to tbe preservation of liberty and equality. - [A
laurh.] 3. Resolved, That th-re has buen, from
the very foundation of thi  Government, an Eng-
- lish ami-American party, led and headed by the
house of Braiiiree, its object being to bring back
this country uno'er the dominion of England, and
that this is Norhern policy and Northern princi-
pa. 3 Iies"lved, That this faction was once
crudied by Mr. Jpffer.sor.; ihat, having afterwards
somewhat revived, it was sga:n crushed by Gen.
Jackioa; but that it still retaining the principle of
vitality, and now appearing again nnder the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, it wid again be
crushed, if the whole South will unite and rally
astainst the whole No.th, in this attack against li-
berty and f quality, and in favor of England, led on
by John Tyler. 4. Jiesolved, That one of the
schemes of thts English party, to destroy this Con-
federacy, is to establish a tariff, by ivhich English
c.immere; is to l-e curtailed, by whtck a threaten-
ing rival to her is to be rais°d up in the North—
the light arm of England, viz. her manufacturing
industry, and me povier of her machinery, is to be
palsied, and the North to be put up in her room, as
the gteat customer, no! only of our own country,'
bin of the us' of the norld. And this is to be the
means by which England :s to be conciliated, and
with her consequent aid this Union is to be dis-
solved.    [Loud Uui'h'er.]
No«f, agair.s. both u>is last Matement of fact,
ard the reason.'n; f. ended upon it, Mr. M. begged
leave to eater his liisimt. Of ail the objects Mr.
Si rjsizbt or mig.it r.ot have had in view in offer-
in? the resolutions winch hs had submitted to the
Hous?, the very iact was to revive here, and at a
time like this, the bitter and envenomed amaics.-
lip\ofX801. Those unhappy enmities giew out
oí a state of ihü worid aid of the politics of this
country which i-Xis-ed no lorger, and which never
could exist Bgiiii. Mr. M. could, of courí", have
no pergonal lerceaibrance of ttao-e dajs, sii.ee the
' e.;r 1801 happet-ed to be ihe veiy year ia which
he was born, and ¡he ¡loables of that s-ermy eia
h.-.d u.-ruinated Lefote he -.vas old enough to bear
r.itiis, or to take any auivc interest in politic!.
Mr. M. held him.nif accountable for his oxn sins
only, and not for those of a generation gone by.
All the¿e matters were, vvi'.h h:m, matters of his-
tory nic-iely; but, for ens-, come weal, come wo,
from the re-oiu io-i-, he ha 1 offered, he entered his
disclair-.'-er ¡-.nil ri> un'inal ried dorra! of ihe piopo-
r-ii on i: at Noj'hn- ¡ ■:■ i n, or th«t the pany termed
FeJp-tnlis's—what, per mi'-tit ha-e beea their mi..
ts',-.:.-~—-.ver wvf-:, as a party, trai'crs to their
cootn'ry, ir a b-taiic! íídoil cnnsiinug to b.'tng
u. bait. j,.',.r tiios; vtry chains wh.ch they th*m-
selvcs—",v, mey wrte the very men—.íhich they
themu.lv .. h>d cut u two; u de.-troy which, they
t. id pi - „ed tbfir livis, .heir fortune--, and their
sacrtd hoo t; li vl god^ii i :i tin ir swerds, and
iitvtr h cl 'hid'li-:-.! them until thry saw thtir
C'iimtrv ir. lit--.-';, as-1 rtacj. Ag-iu-si such au as-
serticn he catered, iK-iv and hete, under every rt-
spo .i ibi oí, ho-1 ¡.¡'i!-, fti.d  ej.\ph<t:c dt-'clmmer.
bio
on ti e
— . the ''.
in cm- -h",t-, have beca mis aken;
:■ o •: ■; i oh-ts oi iioa-.c-isc policy espr-
o-.  „
v.ere (¡si very '-••;t persons
;n 'h ^ v--.;ii oc • loi-.t t - cu?c*e 'no;e men with
ha-i g V-:e- p ' .'-.-.! irai'ots-. Friends of England,
to :t-i: 'or--. - ';--'n: oi their own eiuai-y, they
nev.r vv. i-f. ft '.••• t-.t-. ixitsg s a'o of the
wod.i, when o¡ • Oo'.-.i.'e . ;-ow r -n Eurrpe was
vioL.it!,' au '. 0.-o j:m-; '} to.- ushid, vli-oon- vast
¡ri'i'S-v rr.-.-p- -' o : - r.' o-,*r tr-i .subjected and
..ioi.h.e.l .-in .'i ,-is f.n;.iid, -;ad when one g gantia
a-dcvimujar'•"!;. t.i'id was v.-i-ld.'.g that entire
ooi-j of vol" v :•.,-, -■ v i-h ?-; much ease as if it
w,,-e a «vLl.o.y v-aa1, tho;e roca Mieved that it
was no' for th- U-io-d S ates to abandc/i her neutral
position, and helo in assailing that power whose
