CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Could my will prevail, the South should consume
nothing that was not the fruit of American labor—
ay, and of Northern labor—and the North should
consume nothing ihat was not the production of
our own soil.   1 would do this   to  teach the two
sections of this Union that the difference between
them, properly understood, is a blessing from the
munificent hand of Heaven, and constitutes one of
the best and strongest bonds ef their lasting union.
I am in favor of a tariff, and for that very thing   I
am no enemy of the North.   I admire Nrrthem
men and Eastern men    I know a little of their
past history, and grieved should I be ever to depart
irom the principles which  their philosophers and
their political leaders have taught them.   I know
well what they used to be, and what were their
former ideas of the Federal Constitution. But new
principles   and new opinions  are springing  up
there.   Be it so' we have no right to interfere
with their right to liberty of opinion- but must this
new doctrine be brought here to be acted on by us?
I say no.   If they want to dissolve the Union, let
them do it in their own way; but I say to them, for
Heaven's sake don't ask us to do it.   I am told that
I must not press this resolution, because it is the
surest way to bring about such a resul.; and I am
to avow a fear lest such a thing should actually be
done.   What' is it come to this,  that Congress
dare not censure one of its  own   members  (or
bringing into   this Hall of Amnican legislation
such an  atrocious   proposition as that which h?s
been read in our ears'   it reminds me veiy much
of the  words of  Hazael to the man of God, vho
prophesied his treason, "Is thy servant a dog, that
he should  do this  thing?"    But it seems v,e have
come to it.    Wc are warned   not to breathe the
slightest censure on one of our own members or
bringing here the first  proposition—yes, the first
proposition—that  has ever yet been heard m this
land, to break down the fair iabnc ef Ih   Union
Sir, it goes a whole stone'  cast beyond any thing
that the Southern nullifiers ever dreamed of.   We
have gone beyond them far away     We are im-
proving on them rapidly    Ye-, sir, witn gigantic
Strides.   It seems that ihe New England brain, m
this department, too, asm every other, wants but a
hint straightway to improve on it.   Tre conven-
tion that sat at Columbia never to k the ground
that Congress had power to dissolve the Union, nor
did they so much as pretend that they were them-
selves overthrowing the Censtitu'ion.   I know what
they said, though I differed  from them  then, and
shall forever differ.   They said  that they were
maintaining the Constitution.   They insis'ed that
they bad a right, though I never could see where
they got it from, to arrest the execut'on of what
they deemed an unconstitutional law, until there
was time for the voice of all the other States to be
heard upon it; but they never pietended that their
rights were nullified  unlecs they could come to
Congress a?d pray this body to dissolve the Union
If I vote for any such measure—for a measure
which professes to be preparatory to it—1 am guilty
of perjury, for I bave been sworn, over and over,
not to destroy, but to support the Consufition. The
principles of that instrument are worthy of my «up-
port, and I am bound by my oath }o uphold it no*
and forever.
But we are told that the gentleman is an oil
man, and that therefore we must not censure him—
it would be an ungracious act to pa s a vote of
censure on one so venerable Wc are told that the
gentleman has indeed some peculiar notiors, (and
very peculiar they are, I acknowledge ) and though
we don'i quite approve cf them, he is to be allowed
to proceed and carry the-i out, «.ven to the extent
of overturning the Government, and we mu^t not
interfere, and that if w> deba e on such a subject
we are wasting um  and sacrificing pub' c inte-
rests A most mild and cnncihaiorv rropo  ' wa<5
made to him by the gentleman iron Vug.nm, [Mr
Botts,] and how was that proposal answered by
his friends? I, for one, was wt lmg to give the
gentleman an opportunity to answer, when he
turned round upon me wi n words of fire and tones
of fury, such as be only could ever utter, while all
the passions of hii passionate nature burst forth in.
a blaze, a* they always seem ready to do when one
hated word, the word South, strike; upon his ear.
Well, sir, next came a proposition to dissolve the
Union, and after that such a defence as we have
heard And is this to be slipped over out of con-
tempt? Are we to treat him as some old imbecile,
whom it is not worth while to nonce? No, sir; far
from that. His friends have arrayed him in every
quality that can make a man at once great
and terrible. They have conceded to his hand
every instrument of mighty mischief—gifts of un-
derstanding, of eloquence, of knowledge, of dignity,
of power, to move the public mind, and yet, after
paint ng him thus, the same gentleman turns round
and tells us that he is no fit subject for the action
of this House. Sir, I have listened to that gentle-
man most attentively whenever he has risen to ad-
dress this House. I have placed my>elf near Ins
seat and listened with profound attention to every
word which has proceeded from his venerable lips
I wanted to see what was really the course he de-
signed to pursue; for one I am convinced.
If the gentleman's own declarations and action
are to be trusted as true exponents of "his purpo=°,
his purpose is that which is expressed in the peti-
tion he has offered, it is the ultimate and utter rum
of Sothem institutions; and I now call upon North-
ern men to say whether these are their serious pur.
poses or not I ask of them to tell me whether
tbeie are the views of the able and honorable raen
who represent Northern in erests on this flooi
Does the Siorth really mean this, and do they put
thisgent'eman forward by way of feeler, became
his age, and dignity, and past services, and venera-
ble appearance are such as will suspend the act of
this House to punish him? Do they thus seel> to
escape pergonal responsibility' When the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Giddincs] the other day
shook hand=, with tears in hiseyes, with my colleague
over the way, and my colleague, with «caree less
emotion, shook hands with him, he talked much of
fnendly understandng and friendly feelmsr, and
assured m/ colleague and all Southern gentl'Tnen
that he had no thought of such a thing as interfer-
ing with slavery witbm the States wher  it ex-
isted, but he and his fr ends wanted to be free
from the expense of maintaining it, aid he
%as fast going on to explain himself
further, when, at that moment, Southern gen-
tlemen rose and stopped bim I entreated them
not to do so* I implored them to let him talk en.
The gpntlemai is a neighbor of mine, we are se-
parated but by a narrow river, the views of him
and bis friends are of deep and vital interest 10 our
section of the country, and we never were so near
fretting at whsi those views actually are I wanted
to hear h m; I wan'ed to hear what he would sa 1
under this new-born alliance between hims.ell and
my colleague
This is the first time that any man has been bo'd
enough to introduce on this floor a paper proposing
a dissolution of the Union He ought to be b Idiy
met If we meet him and his proposition with as
decided a temper as he himself exhibi'«, if we re-
buke the infamous proposal to us to break our
oa'hs m tone  of that indignant thunder wh en it
just y merit , 1' will have a healthful effect th*-ojs*-a-
out this land, it will gladden the heart and stre*i<"V>
en the hanos of every loyal, true-hearted Anvr -
cancitiz^i, of whom I we 1 know there are mil
lions at this lay in the Nor h, and it will bave u e
novel eíí\c> cf checkrg this gentlemsn an! h s 1
sociales n.'ny furthT proceedings they rtrj n w
n>"dita e in fhi-  1 ne 1 f policy
For ah ihe bitter and envenomel rh ngs he h"'*
s d against me, I forgue him He sa'l 1ft I
boa ted of my anslccratic blood I wil1 n<"t i i
ra"tcri7e fiat a seition as it deserves I forgne
him tha' too* arH, oh ' were it in my power to ex
ore se f-om tne heart of thit eminent rran ¡hit de-
mon of mi eh ef which threatens al1 that is dear to
ne__if it vte'e possible that he eould be brough',
in any good d 510 , to recant wha1 re has hese de
elared—if I coull see anj gleaming of that =p n'
of p-c fication, tLat lote fo' the Constitution, and
that7*at rr the Union, which has heie been a<--
eorded to him by other*?—I wo-ild instantly and
joyfully retract all that I hare said.
Í am the last man on this earth who would wish
to strike at that venerab'e head, whose past history,
whtse advanced age, whose distinguished talen ->,
all whose associations, plead so strongly to spat 
the blow
Mr MARSALL, before taking, bis seaf, ful-
filled his pledge to Mr. Thompson,, of indiana, Who
had yielded him the floor, by renewing the motion
of that gentleman to lay the whole subject on the
table, at the same time expressing his earnest hope
that the motion he was thus compelled by promise
to make would not prevail.
On which renewed motion Mr. HOPKINS
asked the yeas and nav, which were ordered.
And the Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
When the name of Mr. B^tts was called, Mr.
BOTT-i rose ¡?nd inquired, (as the Reporter under-
stood,) wi<h a view to govern his vote accordingly,
wbe h r ¡he gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Adams] desired to reply to the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr   Mar hall]
Tnc SPEAKER --aid the inquiry was not m
ord*>r, but that by general consent the gentleman
from Massachusetts could answer.
Mr. ADAMS I say now what I have said be-
fore. I will not be responsible for the consump-
tion of one hour of the time on what relates
personally to myself. The gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr Marsium,] has made a most
eloquent invective against me, founded on one sin-
gle prmcip'e, utterlv false and unjust—
L^ud cries t «Aider
The SPEAKER said u was not in order to make
lemarbs at this time.
Mr ADAMS continued. Will, sir, I say I will
not be responsible for the consumption of one mo-
ment of time     If any further continuance ef the
subject shoul i take place------
Mr  GII/VIEB submitted to the Speaker that ail
this was-(at of order.
The SPEAKER so decided.
And Mr. AD-IMS took his s-at.
When the name of Mr Comting was called, fhsi
ge tleman w-e and inquired of the Speaker whether
this motion  involved  the reception of the petition
wh cii the icnileman   from   Massachusetts [Mr.
A dams] had offered to  present, or recognise that
the pethion was received?
TV SPEAKER sai*1. No—the motion had no-
tl ng to do wnh the petition it applied only to the
resvlu ions of fie gentlemm from Kentucity [Mr.
¡VAnstiALrJand the gentleman flora Virginia, [Mr.
Gilmer ]
The ve te was 'hen announced as follows*
Yr \-s—Mew Allen LandarTW Andrews,Arnold,Aycngg,
Latti BircMye, l'tair, Í5 ardman, Bot 8 Brewster, lirlsgs,
T remnh m inn liurnell, Ca ey, Childs, Chittenden, John
( i lark fcfiley N < larke CooDei, Cowcn, Cranston, Cra
v i Gushing GaneltDavis Richard 1) Davis Dean, Deber
iv Do , Joli i Edwards, Everett, Terne, Fcssenden, Fijl-
n o e, John G r ujd A Lawrence loster, Patrick tí
oriole Gran< ei fireen, Hall Halsted, Henry, Howard,
Huo  ) J II lnger oil, Tames, I D lone , J An P Kennedy,
line Jawrtnce, I inn, Isanfeon Mason, Mathiot, Mattocks,
Maw oil Ma^narl, "Molían, Morris Moirow O=borne, Owsley,
Pumertei, Paitud'o IVaice Pend'eton Rams°> Benjimm
UaiHl ltando'pn lti g«ay Rodney WilUani ltue«el",
I "M R i ^ 11 Nallotistall clan y, atoKely -s'ratton, JT
IÍ It - u irt s,lm,nn Til a i t 3 B Ih mp on B W
I io 1 li fill n la • Tohi 1 lomlin on, Trumbull, TJn
hn ol "Un it j. alacr \"t iliace, "Aasbinsrton, E P
U i TI ma, W \\ i an , I owls W ll lams, fooepu
, n him , \\ i i \ ri " Au-uo t s Young, and John
\  i    - 0
\ i>-,— > c           S    J     \iii ws    Amnion   Atherton,
I   h           ¡3¡   ick !S v l   Illy 1 \aron V linwn M   Xliown,
Lit i ioftn Bu f teimson il Pu er, William Butler,
*,MI nO Bufi G een w Caldwell, I atnek C Caldwell,
I i C mi  "" w'' lam B Cai" l>eli Tli°ma3 J Campbell,
i nil i Cat v C a rrai Clitli i' Cinto i« Colts, t ross,
D,r ü " h mu, * in C Elwards, Egbert, Charles
I „, 1 1 I To er CmiqI - G tt Ger try Gerry, Old
^n" Í l l Gi'-'cnn Ooid in G inim I.os'lne,Gwm Haoer-
ltl ( , Tol i XI ti liijs Hopkins Iloucic, Hour
t i ri i i Itui p hi «lUm Co" lona-on, Kern?,
A i «v it it h T  i 11 en I, I -  e  Abraham Mo
< , i „ j i ell 11 M 'vav fcatlory, Maccliand,
\            ii      ,   1    i     mas I    Mar hall    John Thompson
[          *•!     ei"       Ic il ,  Meilne hei    MiHei,  Moore New
Iil     !• %    , IV^ei     1J pe    P >wel',   Raycer,   Beding,
I                 ! I)      Ui        RnoLr!,,  Roos ve!t, canford, baini
i     - it   iti I  ¡  i' 1 s sladt, William Smith, onyder,
,         «     n         «imiei   S ti'j  Jacob  1 hornnson 1 up
i       %    ■> m    Buien,   Ward,    Warren,   Watteison,
v       j <• *   Jina V   Williams, Chnstoplpi   H
\v I    i= <.  1 Wool—110
S i  h   iToj e refused Io lay the v;h la subject
oí te Iwe                                              ,
A d t*ie question recurring en the substitute
rx'.endmentof Mr  Mas hall—
Mr. ADAMS rose and s<ud I have heard it
said by a persoi acquainted with Warren Hast-
ings-—
