192                                            CONGRESSIONAL (*LOB£4
Mr. GILMER rose to a point of order. He
said that he had made four or five efforts to obiain
the floor. He did not wish by any means to de-
prive the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Adams] of the floor. But he believed that Parlia-
mentary courtesy, if not an express rule of the
House, permitted a member, the author of a pro-
position, to say some thing as lo the motives
which had led him to offer his resolution. He had
submitted a proposition to the consideration of the
House, in relation to which he had not, in the first
instance, intended to say a word. He had not yet
said a word. And all that he des'red to know of
the Speaker was, whether, before the debate closed,
he would be entitled by the rule, cr by Parliamen-
taty courtesy, to say a few words, not in relation
to the proposition of the gentleman from Kentucky,
but that which he (Mr. G) had hirosflf of-
fered?
The SPEAKER said that unless the a hole sub-
ject should be laid on the table, or the previous
question should be demanded, the; gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Gilmer] would be entitled, by the
r ile, to close the debate.
Mr. GILMER explained that be had not risen
to any point of order in relation to the personal
right to the floor of lh<" gentleman fiom Massachu-
setts, or with any personal or polrical reference
to the subject, so far as that gentleman wa-- con-
cerned. The point re Laud entirety to himself,
(Mr. G.) and he begsed the pardon if the gentle-
man from Massachusetts for interrupting him.
Mr. ADAMS said there was no occasion to aük
his pardon for taking the floor from him. He did
not feel it as an act of unkk dries  toward:- him on
the part of that genllevran, [Mr Gilmer] If he
(Mr. A.) was toaos-ver foi one,crime, he miihlas
well be called t.) answer lor ha!i a doz?n, or ten,
or twenty. T'se pn pesitiou of the semlennu
from Virginia was on a wivch would materia1!)'
confine and make more nairow h- defrur". Ttist
charge ho siould have been vrilhnj to hu.'e n.ct d
once.
Mr. A. said something (which ¡he Reporter eou'd
not distinctly hear) Li a'.Uo-ion to the di-hes'. chilli,
he could n it deny, thr propositions, both of 'die
gentleman fiom Virginia unci the gentleman from
Kentucky, had given him, end .<-r-¡.1 ih.u the m -t
poignant p.ntct'tfVd n^t-ess :uose from tiv fact
that the Hou p would he under 'ho: i.rce'M'y of
coneum.ng a large por'i.m of its ii i.e in hisdr Unco,
if he was 'o be hel . t.< .invyrr the charges of i'-r
pen<len>an from Kentucky. And t! o first ptopo-
si-'ion that be t-hould mr.l<-> w ?, v h it ho hid al-
ready mdsted «pen, a:: would ajiperr by the j o't-
nal, na'.-.ei), t'-.tí lie should !>■ enti'l-d to die bene-
fits of a trial b-foie h's peer- upon ¡i,e cbr.igp-, of
subornation of pe-tjuiy am! i :' • gh treason, hecau e
these charges were contained in :be propo^ili^íi oí
the gentleman from Kentucky, whatever ingenuity
the gentleman might have used n his reiaiaiks to-
day to fxpllin theis away.
AmotigU othT ¡hing*, the g:ii'cc>.an hid staff d
that it was not him {Mr. A.) m.-t í u c'u.vgui, but
that, if any b dy, it was tin petitioner-; and i'-e
gentleman rfd le.ade a yprcch t f upward* of two
hours' duiati'iii 10 prove that lv ('ir. A.) was re-
sponsible for the very t;.m- t'.i- r.= r,i those, who
had >ignul the vclt ¡'. n. He!\i- M.] hid repi*-
i-ir.fd him (Mr. A ) in hr- sp>.w:h -■, in favor of
the petit o.i, its the tace of hi,1, oyer : - droi'-ra'ton
to the cun'iary. siuex i', c-ppe -red mi the J ittf M
that, at the tn.-.t he had ptirn'ol the reúnen, !<c
had ptop. s-d ire .iue. ion- to a c.ne.r- life ¡o lt-p^sl
an ansvvcr lo ¡he p.'.i v ne % s-t-vtorg t: " :"f-.sons
why their pr;r. cr s-bí-til'.' iiil dp crua'r '., Now. had
not the gentleman fiom ITeu'itcL; !. só.-, dough (if
he had r.ot lr,-.) t-'s'-- ihat i'-e v.y p,r;.<sihn
thatüos lioe.-« ciyei.i i --in.', tr: c mm ¡two to re-
port against ii;-s ""it •■r¡. v.-'- a c'e¿!«-.ít.on on jhe
part of llvs Hoe e, ?„• use ve¡y .V-l ,'r.■•.'an1, 'p--t
they held no <uch oj ji:.; trot t! ■.-: d.s,iper:'ved
of" them; and th.-.t s;:!/ :j dcf'tie;;: < ¡' the S3C;<rd
right of the re'hionch fo ¡.r.-s' ru ¡heir grievances
here, V70uld'they a'.-s-.vc-!'the petitirn, end assign
reasons why the prayer cf it should not be gt&ntod?
He had heard it said by a per o.-i acqotain'ed
with Warren Hastings ihst when he w.-.s broucht
before the judicial tribunals of his coan'ry lor the
commission of high crimes, upon the trial which
lasted (Mr. A. believed) seven years, when the
thunders of eloquence of Edmund Burke and Ro-
bert Brindley Sheridian were poured upon his
head, he almost thought that he was guilty of the
crimes with which he had been charged, so power-
ful was the eloquence with which he was assailed.
The eloquence which the gentlemaa from Ken-
tucky had now exercised personally against him,
under the profession of having no personal feel-
ing, was equal to that of Burke and Sheridian
combined. But he (Mr. A.) did assure the gentle-
man and th~ House, that, not for one single in-
stant, had the idea been impresscl upon bis aiind
that he was guilty of any part of the charges
brought against him. Not for one moraent had he
been driven from that sense of conscious innocence
with which he met ¡his charge, coming, as if did,
from the most Miraordinary combination of par-
ties that had ever been formed in this House—a
combination of a most forraidabla- character.
What was that combination? It came in the first
place from ¡he State of Georgia. The first attack
upon him here had been from Georgia Whigs.
[VLr. A recapitulated the circumstance-, attending
the presentation of the petition and let'er from
Clarkesville, Georgia, so po>t;nptkerl and mailch]
A gentleman from Msrjland, [Mr. Johnson,] to
the opinions expressed by the membeis from Geor-
gia that that petition was a ho?x, had added a ffct
unknown to him (Mr. A.) that th" position and
letter were written on Congressional paper. Did
the aentleman'mean to say that he was privy to
the composition of these papers?
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON (so far a<¡ he could he
heard) was understood to cav, that he had not ex-
amined ¡he pr.pcr, but ha hail been told that it was
the 'ame kind—that, it was gilt-edg"!', and that the
sign:-tures were all in one hand viitr" . Trie im-
p ess;on of a.l was that it w?? a hoax. He had
n ver seen the r>ar"-r til) ho hsd seen it at tho
CMerliV desk. The Siepre-enfstiees from fjie B'ale
of O-'oiria droia'mi d -v.y 1 nowledge of it. And
(Mr. J. wa* iin.Vrit.vid to far") if the gentleman
fiom ?-'iacarhe>;ett-. hiui t. 1 en the i-r.me prcciit-
ti.ei. in reference to that p.t'tton, :;s he had done in
referrr.ee to the petition no ■'; euiin.—■written h"vne
to spo if the paper was g nuine—he would have
found out whether the signatures «'ere true or
not.
Mr. ADAMS said be did no: ferl himself ho'ind
i ¡o send to Georsia to do so. If it was a h- ax, the
inj'iry was th" g'cafer ¡o his r shtsand to the righ's
of hi- corstiHienti, nnd the hr-ach of privil-ee to
him was greater than it the paper had been genuine.
If, therefore, the sentlpmanN information wpscor-
rect, pnd if thepetition wsson Get gn-ssparer. wliat
was the inference? That it va^- a fabricaron en
the p->rt of some mem'eerof the Hou«e to drr«^ him
(Mr. A.) in'o the diflicn'ty, into Thichhe hsd been
brought. It tn'ht be so In the irual simplicity
of hirheait, he had iec.ei-.-rd the paper as a genu-
ine paper, and he believed it to re ?o.
Mr. HABERSHAM (the floor being yielded for
the purpose of explanation) Irire dii-claimed any
knowledge \ih<it!'er ¡h-~ document was on Coogtess
paper or no*, and said that he would disdain, on
behalf of himself and his colleague", to sav a word
in deni.il of the oblige- or insnuation (whichever
it Kiisrh* be) of till-, kind; y t he felt honitd to say,
that the ge¡it!em?- i from ¡Vla^sac.Susetts oneht to
hi<ip hno-.v.-,, !'ea! b° did knov-', t! at le had good
renson to ki.ow, or, st all cvnf, to behave, that
the pefi'iet) came fe' tn no meitine of citizens of
Hilvrshato C"1 ~ '<y, ?.nd must, ¡f ii cm? from dine
I rf all, hív cerne from a «ingle i divii.ial. The
g-utlomsn nvv-t ei'bcr have disbelieve 1 v.V.'t he
(Mr. Ii )bad s'afeti lo hiu;, or at la*.st have doubt-
ed the f'„cf.
Mr. A HAM", after p-ofesiiig STainst fie con-
s'.-ir i..i:-i>o|,' er.s fo '.- lech hz win Itab'f, r-nd re-
enr-ir™ to the ju.rmer in sdiich be h?d been cut rff
a1 'he v-ry mo-ncnt he was entering ufoti h's de-
fence, fell h'.cl: upon th  o.ssertion 'to had >ea;!e a-
to the eombioclion of parties by whom the present
process was being carried on. He stood here, he
ssid. tinon the accusation of ¡he gentleman fiom
Virginia [Mr. Gilmer] on the one hand, and the
gentleman from Kentucky on, the oilier, buth of
them being apparency extremely anxious lo have
the question taken; so that if he should be acquit-
ted on the charge of the gentleman from Kentucky,
there yet remained the other, upon which he was to
defend himself, upon other grounds, against the
gentleman from Virginia. Who on this floorcould
fail to be surprised to fee the gentleman from Ken-
tucky and the gentleman from Virginia united to?
gether in this purpose of casting censure upon him
-—the gentleman from Kentucky, the bead of
the home squadron, and the gentleman from
Virginia, the head, the nominal head (from the dig-
nity which he exercised as late Governor of Virgi-
nia) of the Tyler party. There was a coalition for
jou! [Laughter.] Pointed against whom?
Against one single individual, a member of this
House, charged with half a dozen capital crimes;
and his House was called upon to censure him be-
cause he had presented a petition. For, come to
the real point of the matter, that, and that alone for
which he had really to answer before this House,
as he conceived, was for the crime of presenting a
petition.
Now in what part of the Constitution of the
United States was this declared to be a crime? He
would like the gentleman from Kentucky to look
into his deep reseat ches of law, common or national,
and to define where the Uw was which constituted
it a crime ¡o present a petition, lead to what it
might. The gentleman from Kentucky, who had,
as he thought, so ingeniously contrived to free him-
self from having charged these crimes upon him,
(Mr. A.) founded his resolution of censure, first,
upon the fact that he (Mr. A.) bad presented-a
petition; and, secondly-, made a se.eech to prore
that he was guilty of every thing that was prayed
for by that petitien, when, in the very act of-pre-
senting it, he had absolutely protested against it.
Where was the gentleman's law? He was a great
and profound lawyer, a"d he (Mr. A.) asked him
to ihow where he found his law for this? Let biro.
look into the Constitution of the United States, and
show where the lav/ was by which he would
punish, in any shape or form, a member of this
House for presenting a petition. N.-j in the first
place, the gentleman bad made the Isw; he had
then gone on and accused an a*sociate member of
violating that law—to sit asa judge upon him, and
then to tnrn execun'ontr. And, to crown all, had
declared that it was a s<reat mercy and fivor that
the punishment was not much more severe.
This, was the first demand he had to make on
the gentleman. And, long as the gentleman's
sp-'ech had been, um-ler ¡\ profession of petsonal
explanation, he. (Mr. A ) was willing he fhotrld
make another speech as long as that to show
where he found hi? law. Was this Republican?
Was there a Government on the face of the earth
that would punish a man for a crime, wh?n there
was no Law which constituted that crime? He
should like to hear the gendeman on that subject.
He, (Mr. A.) on the contrary, declared that there
was a law expressly sgamst it. There was a pro-
vision in the Constitution of the United State 
which declared that no ex pest facte law should be
pas:ed; and that provision was declared to apply
to all criminal and penal laws. The provision
was the dictate (if j'isfice and humanity; and he
trusted he should have the benefit of it before the
Hou..ecams to dtvide noon this qu<>s.t:on.
The gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. A. repeated,
had fiist mad'' the law, had next charged him with
a violation of that law—(in what Mr. A. must be
permitted to c«li b!-ckgiiard language—) and, in
addition to this, had proceeded to punish him. We
read in tl;c Scrttjimes, that when Michael, the
Archangel, had quarrelled with the Devil, [great
lauehter,] he used no railim? accusation against
him. He advred the gentleman, vho was so
profound a lawyer, to read a   little  of the   Bible;
f.nd there lean, that if he meant to attack a man__
to ruin his char-eter, to ruin his usefulness to ths
country, and to deprive him of hi* right? as a mem-
ber of this House—to make it not a railing accu-
sation. The gentleman's accusation against him,
(Mr A.) in addition to a 1 its other defects, was a
i ailing accusation.
But he was commenting upon the extraordinary
combinations of parties, all concentrated against his
