CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.
.-------..........                      ,   , ,............ .
WEEKLY---------
*                 .........."'."  ■.....       -■' T-
PRICE $1 PER SESSION.

SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 5,  1842.
Volume ll."«No. 13    :
----—-------------:--------------:----'-------^*
Conlinuedfiom JVo. 12.
devoted head, because he had presented a petition.
He had spoken of the extraordinary position of tbe
gentleman from Kentucky, combined with the chief
of the Tyler pany, heretofore called the Corporal'j
Guard,  but  who, Mr.  A. should  think, was the
field marshal of the armies of the present Adminis-
tration.    When  he saw that combination in the
first instance, he could not help a- king, What is
this?    Misery, it was said, makes strange bedfel-
lows.   And he thought to  himself, was the gentle-
man from Kentucky in such  misery that he was
compelled  to seek such companions? [Laughter ]
Then came the Georgia Whig?, who, after endea-
voring to produce an impression  unfavorable to
him, for having presented a petition.'on ih« grotmd
that it was a hoax, had gone on voting against him,
for the purpose of bringing censuie upon him.
'. The third part of this combination was a large
portion of the Virginia Whig?, who were neither
Tylerites nor Kentnckians.    And then, the great
Democracy of the free States—the auxiliaries of
the''peculiar institutions." [Laughter.]   This was
the combination of parlies he was caiied to meet
in. order to maintain his right as a member of this
House, to present petitions complaining of griev-
ances.   A  very strange   composition!   And al-
ready he found that, in the operation of that great
party, thsre was a radical difference or" opinion on
some things extremely important and vital in all this
controversy between the commander-in chief fiom
Accomac and the admiral of the  Kentucky squa-
dron from Kentucky.    [A laugh.] The gentleman
from Accomac, in a five hours' speech, had consi-
dered this as a question of Abolition from beginning
to. end.   And how did his friend, rival, and oppo-
nent, (for he bore all those characters) brave that
jfiost preposterous charge ever made in this House,
that all the movementsof his, Mr. A.'s, were under
English influence?    Among the beautiful parts of
the composition of the gentleman from Kentucky,
he was happy to find that he disclaimed, as totally
false, any such imputation.    He also thanked him
for another part of his speech, for every word he
had used to stfow what horrors this country in
eyery part would endure in the event of a dissolu-
tion of the Union.     And he hoped his Southern
confederates would lay iHo their hearts, that they
should have no more such resolutions as were pre-
pared by the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Rhett] and kept in his drawer to be presented t:>
this House.    He  should have hoped  that, out of
mere sympathy, the gentleman, if he had thought
him, Mr. A. guilty of the crime of pe jury or high
treason, as he would be necessarily included in it,
would have given him, Mr. A. ihe benefit of his
vote upon this occasion.   [A iango.]   But no, he
■was a part of the party.     He now voted that he,
Mr. A. was guilty of subornation of perjury or
high treason for having presented a petition ex-
actly agreeing with his vie-. .-!    [A laugh.]   That
gentleman and the rest of the representatives from
South Carolina—that land of nullification against
■whom Andrew Jacksou himself was reduced to
the necessity of issuing a proclamation threatening
them wiih the second ¡.ec'ioo. if they continued in it;
here was the whole representation irom that State
ready to endorse the charges of ¡he gentleman from
Kentucky, and to charge him with snborna-ion of
perjury and iiiah treason because fony-five cf Ins
fellow citizens"thought en  the particular point oí
the dissolution   of  the  Won just as they did¡!
He said this was ¡t formidable combination. He
should certainly belie his fee n-.gs if lie could say
that he was indifferent as to what the effect ot
such a  combination of  pn'ies might be in (his
House.    But, as it was concluded, and the House
had thousht proper to de'ermine flul this proposi-
tion should not be hid on lbs table, he was obliged
lo meet i', and he now rep-atfd hr-ie, what be was
afraid his own countrymen and constituents would
not fully understand, that he w?s not responsible
for one moment of the time consumed on this sub-
ject, in the ptesent condilion of the country.   He
would have sat down just now, ur.dcr the heavy-
weight of the eloquence of the gentleman from
Kentucky, without asking to say a word on this
subject, if the House had thought proper Jo lay it
on the table. He would have rejoiced at it, if -he
House had said they would have noihing further
to do with K,is accusation. He would have gone
in that way to his countrymen, as he rnnst and
should go to them on this whole suhjeei, to save
the time of the nation. There were great and im-
portant interests at stake a; this moment, and every
moment the House consumed on this subject took
away their power to act on these concerns. What
was it, after ali, that the gefltieir-en from Virginia,
Kentucky, and Georgia, were all pushing? It fas
to make him (Mr. A.) sit here, tiour after hour,
and hear invective from the most eloquent mem-
bers of this House—personal invective; and that
all their grievances, public and private, were to be
detailed here, ia the face of the nation, and the time
of the country to be consumed. He was willing to
submit to it, but he had thought proper not 10 be
accountable bimself for this consumption of the
time of the House.
He had demanded, if this House were to act on
him—on the position assumed that he had been
guilty by act or thought of the ctiargcs contained
m the gentleman's preamble and resolutions—he
had demanded a trial by his peers, as secured to
hirn by the Constitution of the United States. And
he demanded now that, before the House came to
the final conclusion on the motives assumed in
this charge, they should scud him out to be tried
before a tribunal of the country. It was in the
power of ihe House to issue an order to the Attor-
ney General of the United States to prosecute him
for this crime before the proper com ts. Then he
should have the benefit secured by the Constitu-
tion of the United States. He demanded this stil1,
if the House was to proceed and act on the resolu-
tions. They were bound, before they came to any
such resolution, to have the act e.-tablisbed, and
established in the judicial court. Tüe House had
no right whatever to act without first having esta-
blished tbe fact on which they themselves under-
took to censure him. That was the course pursued
in the case of John Smith; into the particulars of
which he briefly entered-
But he was going to say, that, after having done
with that, and if the House thought proper to pro-
ceed with this matter, he shsuld want to have two
or three calls made on the Departments for docu-
ments and information which would be necessary
for his defence. He would send a lis. of the reso-
lutions to the Chair.
[The resolutions were then seat to the Chair; and,
after briefly examining them—]
The SPEAKER made a remark to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, which n  not heard at
the Reporter's desk; to which
Mr. ADAMS replied (hit, as a member of this
House, he had not the power to offer ttseee resolu-
tions in order. It was asan accused person tefore
a criminal court tryi"£? on this charge thai he
claimed the right to offer them. He wanted the in-
formation which they asked for, for the purpose of
his defence. He farther said, m reply to a rcmaik
of the S;vak.r which 'vas not heard at the Re-
porter's desk, that hi should ask for a postpone-
ment. He -.-¡anted this tii-.-l, a: d those doctime;:!.,
fur wl>i-:h he risked, before trie House acted upon
llr; resolutions.
The Clerk then read the resolutions, is follows:
Resolved, That the President of the Unite-! Stales lie re-
quested to cause ro be communicated to this House, if not I".-
compatible \\ ¡¡h the public interest, copieso! the coricfpou ter.ee
between the Department of State am: the Minister of Gr.-nt
Britain; also with the Governor ol the S-a-e of 5>uuth t.o-o.ma
and with'he late William Johi'son, a luéreol the Supreme
Court of the United States, relating toan act or acts of the le-
gislature of South Carotina, directing the imprisonment of co-
lored persons anivmg from abroad in the ports ot tuat Slate;
also, of the act or acts themselves, and of any official opinions
given by the said Judge Johnson of the uncojsatuuonaliiy of
tbe said acts.
Resolved, That the Secretary ol the Navy be requested to
communicate to this House copies of the proceedings of the
Naval Court Martial, recently held for the trial- of Captain '
William Compiuii Bolton, and of the preceding .Court of-In-
quiry upon whose repou the said Naval Court Martial vkQ •
ordered. Also, copies ef all despatches received at the Depart-
ment from Isaac Hull, late commander of the squadron of the
United States in the Mediterranean, reporting the proceeding*
of ihat squadron consequent upon the receipt oi a leuer or let-
ters by the said commander of the squadron from Andrew
Stevenson, late Minister of the I'nited states at the Court of
Great Britain, together with copies of any such letter or let-
ters. Also, copies of all instructions from the Navy Depart-
ment to the said commander of the squadron, or to hie succes-
sor in the command, consequent .upon and relating to Jhese
transactions
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House, it not incompatible
with the public interest, a copy of any letter or letters written
by him to William Cost Johnson, relating to the rule of the
House excluding from reception, peuuons of any kind from
any portion <jf the people of the United Sates, or to the agency
of the said William Cost Johnson in the introduction and esta-
blishment of that rule.
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform this House whether heever authorized Hbn-
ey A Wise to affirm in bis place that he knew the Presideot
was in favor of the rules or any rule of the House excluding
any class of petitions, resolutions, or other papers, including
resolutions of State Legislatures, from reception.        l            _
Mr. ADAMS continued. He should want las
adoption of all these resolutions by the House.
Taey were all extremely essential to his defence.
But he was further going to say that before the
House had decided to adopt the resolution before
(hem, he should insist upon their decision whether
they would turn him over to the criminal court to
establish the facts on which this resolution was
founded; and then he should ask time for the trial
to be gone through, where he hoped he should be
able lo stand up and defend himself before a jury
of his countrymen against these enormous charges,
and where he hoped he should have an impartial
trial. If not, if it was the pleasure pf the House
to proceed, and to presume that he had been guilty
of this crime, in order to pass this vote of censure
on him, then he should have nothing but his coun-
try to appeal to. And then he hoped he should
have it in his power to send out to the country not
only the nature and exteat of the accusation, but
the manner in which it had been conducted by this
House.
And this brought him to another point, and one
which was more particularly connected with the
question of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Gil-
mer] than with that of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Marshall,] because to bring before
this House that which could justify them in passing
a vote of censure on him for a contempt of the
House, was what he understood the motirfa. of the
gentleman from Virginia to be. If he was galled
to answer that accusation, it would occupy much
less time than the other, but still it would require
some time—a good deal of time. He hoped that
members of this House, if ihey could not be ope-
rated upon by public considerations, would consi-
der what each and every one of themselves would
be subjected to if they undertook to pass a vote of
censure on one of their members for the act of
which he was accused—for presenting a petition in
this House. He hoped the House would take oc-
casion to consult the precedents of what had been
done heretofore on charge? of a similar kind. The
most apposite case of any that existed was that of
trial for a breach of privilege, about four years
ago, in this House, upon a charge of cold blooded,
deliberate murder of one of the members of this
House. He had aliuded to that rase fromabsolut 
necessity heretofore. He now alluded lo it in or-
der that the House, be-fore they came to decide on
him, would inform themselves what were the pro-
ceed'njs ia that case; he knew of none that so
clearly resembled it.
[Hire a message was received from the benate,
by its Secretan-, A. Dickiks esq. announcing that
that body ba'l rejected the bill from the House re-
peaimg the Bankrupt law.]
Mi A said hu hoped this was a f.ood omen for
the decision of another of the favorite projects of
th- gentleman from Kentucky. [A lacgh.] About
font years *go, he continued, a deliberate, eola-
bloodedmurder wns committed on a member of
this House, and, afler the funeral ceremonies had
