194_________________________CONGRESSIONAL 0LOBE.
been performed, according to the custom  of the
House upon the decease of any member, a propo-
sition was brought in for taking up the subject, on
the ground of a breach of privilege. It was refer-
red to a committee of the House; which commit-
tee, after a reasonable time, presented three distinct
reports. A report of a majority of the committee—
at least such it purported to bs—who were all goed
sound Loco Pocos—of that very denomination of
persons, including, a number of individuals now
present, on whom the gentleman from Accomac
[Mr. Wise] made suck a magnificent panegyric a
day or two ago. The majority concluded their re-
port with three resolutions, (which Mr. A. here sent
to the Clerk, by whom they were read ) Then
there was a minority report of two members of the
committee, who were against reporting these reso-
lutions, and who assigned their reasons for it. And,
finally, there was a thud report, by a very distin-
guished and most honorable gentleman from South
Carolina, then a member of this Housed now no
longer so. When the Hou«e came to make up
their minds as to their right and duty to pass a cen-
sure upon him, he hoped the members would take
care to read each of these repoits, and mark parti-
cularly and attentively the repertof the single mem-
ber from South Carolina. He begged leave to ask
that a small extract from the report of the majo-
rity be read, [which was accordingly read by the
Clerk.]
This first paragraph (continued Mr. A ) esta
bhrhed, in the name of the majority of the commit-
tee who reported these resolutions, that the House
had no right to try their members for crimes over
which the courts had jurisdiction; for it appealed
to the very amendment of th? Constitution of which
he had claimed the benefit in his own case, as a
motive and reason for them to confine their inqui-
ries exclusively to the question of a breach of pri-
vilege of the House So far, theD, as that would
go as a precedent, it established at once the very
question, and he presumed the House would consi-
der it as a precedent, binding on them in this
case.
[The Clerk then further read from the report,
at the request of Mr. A ]
Mr. WISE addressed the Speaker.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Vir-
ginia was not in order, unless the gentltmpn from
Massachusetts yielded thi floor. Did the gentle-
man yield the flooi?
Mr ADAMS replied in the aflhma i e.
Mr. WISE said. Now he had an opportunity oí
saying what he had long wished to say He thank-
ed God that there was a large assembly here to
hear if. An opporti mty bad at length arrived for
him to vindicate himself, now and forever, from
the charge of mstigatn g and advising the duel of
Graves and Cilley The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts had charged him with being an insti-
gator and advisgr of that dtie!, and of being
more guilty than ''the man who pulled the
trigger " He uas now calling for the reading
of the Journal in the case, with the v.cw in-
cidentally of convicting him of ¡hat charge
He said that he was glad to see tnat the two Sena-
tor* from Kentucky who then (at the time of the
duel) represented thatSia e, were here now present.
One of them [Mr. Clay] wass just s,timg lmmedi
ately behind the gentleman from Massachusetts.
And he could appeal to them as his witnesses, that
his advice was not the advice relied upon or fol-
lowed in the preliminaries of that duel— t was the
advice of another, higher, better, and more distin-
guished man which W3S reli d on. Ard as to what
occurred upon ihe ground, tie was there an armed
secon!, io gaard the life of bu friend, with wntten
instru 't o is in his pecke'. And the only regret ha
had was, that ¡ e wa- inducid to go there, not ap-
proving the prehminary stepo which had been taken
in that fight.
Here Mr. ADAMS interrupted Mr. Wise, and
asked him to do htm the favor of g ving him the
name of hi-- colleague, vbo had to'd him (Mr. W ]
that he had beard him (Mr A ) justify his conduct
on the merits of the case.
M,f WISE. It was not oae orjy, tut two eol-
lesgues.
Mr. ADAMS. I wolild thank the gentleman for
the names of hoth.
Mr. WISE Both were present in this hall, he
believed. One he knew to be present, who told
him that, at a public meeting at some place, the
name of which he did not remember, when there
was a large assemblage of people in Massachusetts,
where he had been arraigned before the moral peo-
ple of New England on this charge, that had rested
on him now long enough, the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr A J vindicated hm on the oc-
casion, and pledged himself that he (Mr. W ) was
innocent of the charge as made. Whether this
was true or not, he did not know.
Mr. AD4MS asked for the names.
Mr. WISE As to the names, I leave that to
the gent emen who gave me the information to rise
in their places and declare them; as they are pre-
sent, I snail give them the opportunity to disclose
the names And for fuiiher prooi that the gentle-
man did defend me on the floor at the time, and to
what extent, he (Mr W.) referred to Gales and
Seaton'i report of the gentleman at the time. I
refer also to the chanman, [Vir. Toucev,] who
made the majority report, and who is not now a
member, who, when called on to say whether th°re
was a scintilla of proof of any thing dishonorable
on my part on the ground, promptly and fully de-
clared that there was no such proof of such con-
duct. He referred to that man's feelings, [Mr.
Todoev's,] who was personally asssuled—a man
whom he thought a victim of consumption, and
whose personal appearancs should have exci ed
sympathy in any bosom for his malady—most bru-
tally assailed for the "sepulchral tone cf h's vece"
by the gentleman from Massachusetts. Such was
the ardor, zeal, and impetuosity with which he
[Mr. Adams] defended him (Mr. W ) on that occa-
sion. He declared aga n that not one onlv, but
two, and he believed three of the gentleman's col-
leagues, had informed him that he did defend him
on the occasion of the pub'ic meeting referred to.
And he again declared t ia' he was not responsible
for the advice on a soittaiy preliminary of the
duel, and that he was responsible merely for being
corcerned in the duel at all, cmtrary to his ov\n
judgment, and for acting on the advice and judg-
ment of others given to Mr Graves.
He said Mr John J. Crittenden and Mr. Mene-
fee, the colleagues of M-. Graves, were both pre-
sent on the ground as his sub-seconds, with whom
he was bound and obliged to advise on every ques-
tion w'mca occurred ttiGre, and with «bon lie did
advise and counsel on ever^ point, and that there
was not a single point on wtich Mr. Crittenden
and Mr. Men^'ee differed with him, Mr. W. It
he was responsible, they were responsible. Mr.
Jones bad to go to his two sub-seconds, as I had to
go to Mr. Crittenden ana Mr. Menefte.
He was reidy to meet hio God in that ca e, so
far as being lesponsible for murder, or for insti-
gating ths duel, though, as fdi as the *in of duel-
ling was concerned, he confessed he was not ready
to meet Him.
He would add one word H  believed that the
gentleman from M¿¡  achuse Is, [Mr Adams,] at
tne time he defended him, Mr. W. so strongly, was
convinced and believed, s>nd is now convinced and
believes, that he, Mr. W was not responsible for
tfat duel He then knew the facts, and he knows
them now; but, from subsequent causes of hostility,
wnh malice prepense, and without the tear of God
before hij eyes—[The Speaker here cal ed Mr. W.
to order, but he conc'uderl the sentence]—or ?ny
regard to truth in his heart, he =-ccks evefy occasion
to reiteiate the charge.
Mr. ADAMS Amiab'e di&aourse towards a
er.mioalon dial' He called 0.1 hi* colleague- to
say it they had ever said to the gent'eraan fiom
Virginia that they had heard him, Mr. A defend
Mr. W. on the merits ot that dael before any as-
sembly of tdatkind. He called on them to appear,
erne  the gentleman from Virginia did not caooce
to rame them.
He had reierred to this matter of tne duel solely
m order to show precedents for tne conduct of this
House, that this House might nave some ground
for recurring '0 what had been done before, when
they came to the decision of the preseat case.   In
one respect, the charge at that time was identical
with the charge made on him It was for a breach
of privilege of this House Without making fur-
ther reference to it, he would call for the reading
of an extract of the report of the gentleman from
Stum Carolina. It related to the power of this
House to add to the capacities under which mem-
bers of this House acted in cases of criminal
charges.                   .,
Mr, BOTTS here appealed to the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield the floor to a motion to ad-
journ.
[Before this was complied with, Mr. Adams sent
to the Clerk the extract above referred to, by whom
it was read ]
Mr. A. said he was urged to yield to a motion to
adjourn. He would consent, from the moment a
majority of this House thought this matter ought to
be no further pursued, as relates to this House,
that this course should be taken; and would put
his justification and defence before his own consti-
tuents, and refer it to them He said this solely
for the purpose of saving the time of the House.
Hi? conld not, m conscience, even for the defence
of himself before ihe Houss, consent to consume
ih ir time to the extent which he knew would be
necessary for him to do, if it was possible for any
action of his to avoid it. He then yielded the floor;
and,
Oa motion of Mr BOTTS,
The House adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Satubday, January 29, 1842.
The Journal of yestetday was read and ap-
proved.
On motion of Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylva-
nia, it was ordered that the papers in the case of
Alexander McClung, of Washington, Pennsylva-
nia, be withdrawn from the files
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
Mr. FILLMORE rose and said 'hat, with the
permission of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams,] if the gentleman would grant it, he
(Mr. P.) would propose that ¡he House, by unani-
mous consent, should take up and dispose of the
bill providing for an issue of Treasury notes. The
situation of ihe Treasury and of the country was
such as imperiously to icquire action upon it.
Mr AD \MS said he had already more than
once declared that he would not be responsible for
the cmsurrsptioa of one hour or one moment of the
time or this House 111 relation to the question which
h?d been engaging us a'tention for several days
past. So far, therefore, as lis was concerned, and
however important to him was his defence against
the charges which had been made against him, he
ws willing to yield to any motion by which the
business of tne nation should be taken up and acted
upon
Mr. FILLMOBE said h3 hoped, then, that the
House, by unanimous consent, would take up the
bill.
M'. HOPKINS inquired of the Speaker if the
question of privilege would again come up after
the Treasury note bill had bsen disposed of, should
the House consent to take it up.
The SPEAKER replied ¡n the affirmative.
Mr. BABCOCK thereupon moved that ths whole
question of privilege be laid on the table,
Rut, a' the request of several members, Mr. B.
withdrew that motion.
Mr. JOSEPH R INGEIISOLL asked leave to
offer the following resolution, which was read for
information
Resolxed That tic proceedings of this House m a relation to
aa honoidble membel from Massachusetts best;sj5endecí,íforth8
puipose
K Of affording to the membel who is the subiectof them an
opportunity to obtain mfoimauon -which he may deem essential
to ins defence
2diy Ofenablin  the Committee on the Judiciary to search
for precedent-, ard to mqu re into the practn e and course of
pioceedi <* fif there be any e°tab!i«iied by parliamentary law or
usage) which miv be adapted to the occasion
An 1 the tornmi tee 01 the Judicary is 311s mcitd to leportac
coidingiy
Mr. MALLORY and other members objected.
So ths resolution was not received.
By general consent, the SPEAKER laid before
the House certain papers at the case of the contest-
