CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lé$
ed election from Florida; which were referred to
the Committee of Elections,
Mr. SPRIGG rose and objected to taking up the
Treasury note bill.
Mr. FILLMORE said he would then be com-
pelled to move to postpone the regular order of
business for the purpose of taking up and disposing
of the Treasury note bill.
Several members requested Mr. S. to withdraw
his objection.
Mr. SPRIGG declined to do so. He desired that
the question on this bill should be taken when
there was a full House, which was not now the
case.
[Cries of "Well, have a call of the House."]
Mr. SPRIGG said: We might cdl in vain; they
would not come. He persisted in his objection.
The House had been delighted with the eloquence
of discord for several days past in matters of far
less importance than this bill, proposing, as it diil, to
take away from the hard earnings of the people he
represented.
Some conversation tollowed, (in the course of
which Mr. Fillmore submitted to the Chair that
Mr. Spmgg's objection had been made toa late;)
after which,
Mr. GILMER submitted to the Speaker that, un-
der the 125th rule of the House, it was necessary
that the bill should go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of ¡he Union.
The Speaker had not given his deehion, when
Mr. FILLMORE insisted on his motion to post-
pone the regular order of business fur the purpose
of taking up and disposing of the Treasury note
bill.
Mr. SPRIGG asked the yeas and cays; which
were refused.
And the question on the motion cf Mr. Fill-
more was taken, and agreed to without a division.
So the regular order of basiness was postponed,
and the House took up
THE TREASURY NOTE BILL\
When the bill was la-t before the HousV Mr.
Fillmore had moved that the House concuftmtbe
amendments made thereto by the Senate.      \
And Mr. Spsigg had moved that the bill and
amendments be committed to the Committee of th-t
Whole on the state of the Union.                     \      i
And on that motion Mr. S. was entitled to\fhe/
floor.                 ^                                             \f
Mr. SPRiGGirad long observed the tyrannicM
and despotic course of the majority in that House
whenever a money bill was before them, whether
to raise a tax or loan—and whether it was a tax or
loan, it was all advantageous to New York. He
called upon the Democrats of the House to stand
by htm m resisting this ¡neaourc if tee Whigs de-
serted him. At the extra session he was asto-
nished at theintioduciion of th¿ bi 1 creating a na-
tional debt of twelve millions of doiiai*. This was
not a Whig measure ¡vl'uie tiie election, and they
could lievtr have got in o power if they had ac-
knowledged it to te one of their principles. He con-
sidered that he was now RCtmst in strict accordance
with the pledges made by the Wieg party previous
to the election, in opposing this bill. He referred
to the course of dictation pursued by the Senate.
The House was the eoiistittrional bedy to origi-
nate money bills, and yet, whsn it bad sent a bill
authorizing a debt of twelve millions, the Senate
had returned it in a steps authorizing a debt of se-
venteen millions. The H"use by a strong ma-
jority had passed a tiiii to repeal the Bankrupt law,
and yet that bod/ had reiu.T.td it to them ¡ejected.
It was ti.v.e ¡o pat as> p i ■> ihi« cuui-e of Usurpa-
tion, ana lor ¡hi  rfpte.-'ú!5ti.es of the people to
take a s and a?air.st it. He lighted that there was
no occasion for the: iicrea-etf the debt p'opo'ed
by the amer>dmr.it i fila Senate; for by a reference
to a report or tie Secret., y of the Tieasury, under
date of June las', he fouir. that ¡here were up-
wards of seven ííiüi.oiK of deilars outstanding
in the hands of dtsoer.-ri, cii-cerj unaccounted
for. This was uncx-imp'ru in the course, of a
great number of years. Toe last Administration
had been held responsible for ¡he extravagant ex-
penditure daring its existence; but he held that
Congress was the responsible body, and that they
had always gone far beyond the estimates of the
Departments. The expenditures were forced upon
the Executive, and yet he was held responsible for
them. In 1837 the estimates of the Secretary of
the Treasury were between twenty and Uvemy-
hree millions of dollar*, and they hfd be?n in-
creased by the amendments in the two Houjes to
upwards of thirty nine, nearly forty millions of
dollars. In 1838 the estimates were twenty-.wo
millions, and the appropriations made by Congress
amounted to thirty-six millions of dollars. Thus
in 1837 there were appropriated nineteen million?,
and in 1838 fifteen millions more than were asked
for by the Executive. He was determined to hold
up the Whig party before the country, and lash
them for their depártate from, and violation of the
principles professed by them before they got into
power. Their present course more than justified
the Democratic party for li-.e course pursued by
them, and for which the Whigs held them up to the
public reprobation. He had examined, as closely
as he was capable of, the reports of Mr. Secretary
Ewing, and he had found it full of blunders—
whether clerical, or blunders of the Secretary him-
self, or errors of the printer, he knew not, but it
was full of gross blunders, and conflicting state-
ments, which rendered it impossible to ascertain
the condition of the Treasury; nor had any light
been thrown upon it since by tbe Committee of
Ways and Means. They were cahed to vole in
the dark—they wanted him to vote blindfolded.
Tnere was more talk of the insulting proposition
that had been made to dissolve the Union, but he
considered that there were more insulting proposi-
tions than that made to the House; and among
them was that of taxing the people oí this country
on every blade of wheat, on every head of eabbage,
on every potato that was produced by them, with-
out showing them the necessity for doing so. Dur-
ing the'last campa-gn, the Whigs in their se.-nch
for items of extravagance had descended even ir.to
the culinary department of the White House, and
hail raked up charges on towels and spoons arid
other things which he would not mention; yet they
ad not gone so far as to be willing to give 12 per
cent, interest for money. Some gentleman had ex-
pressed the strongest opposition to Treasury no'es,
and his colleague had gone so far as to say that
he would prefer a loan at twelve per cent, if the
money could not be had for six. to issuing Trea-
sury notes. Yes, his colleague [Mr. Underwood]
who was crying the other day in company «vithhis
Abolition friend, [Mr. Gidding«,] was willing to
borrow money at twelve per cent'. Great God!
(said M. S.) to see a Keatuck'an crying in tins
hall, weeping over whit vas considered pel feet
flummery by the whole nation. Ye , when a bill
to borrow money was under consideration, he had
no tears to shed. He knew that the gentleman's
voice was so smooth, and his tongue &o oily, that
he could make a man believe he was in debt, when
he was not in debt; but it would not give him much
trouble to show that the gentleman's esiimr.tes were
wrong If he did not do so, he would ?.ckkO">!edge
that ho knew nothing of r.ritcm-tic. rvtr fe. then
went into an examination and rufaisti.'-i i f Mi. U's
argument, in the course of wiech he adverted to the
charges in Mr. Ogle's s,peeeh, to she,w exitavagatve
in the last Administration. The gentleman [Mr.
Mason] from Ohio, with hi" splendid voice, ¡üa.mer,
and person, used these charges With a tremendous
effect: and though every Administration irom that
of-Monroe down, had used the Much la'.'-'.d or geld
spoon--, they were thought to bé. peo-i '."cunds fur
ebarees aiauiAt that ot íír. V«n Bur.v. Thcth
we, [ he Whus] ¡aid 1-",t. $. Müed ;'-.v! -e-apeJ up
every thing ag.iin.--t the la. i Adrci-ii.-tiV.ioii, yet we
n /er charged them with bono,. n;;r aioney ¡> 12
per een;. and he wa; as'o..uli-d wne:! 1 e he "d his
coileast'ip tnal.e sues a ci-jricefu! &vo.v<!, :r. li.aí
hall. In ref rring tu the ext"vt,g:v.i ex¿ei Ji.uus
projected by tnc A-huir i-i.at.ari, :-/!■•. S. r-feiYed to
the for s, wL.lch, though iíetí'. m i-.y nrli.en? o
bui'd them, wtie now'in a r¡I-¡ ¡'.-ei ■:•• -V en;
and the prmbsr pr?po>ed '•' :'¿ '"-".'i . v,\.v, ec ?.-. :i,
lhatitwruld require an incpv.se t-i .he it nei: g
army of at least forty addi icnal ic^imeuts if it was
intended to garrison thee.          
In the conclusion of his remark?, Mr. S. warned
the members of the House that if they voted for
this bill, ¡t would be made a funded debt before the -
end of the next year.
Mr. FILLMORE inqaired of the Speaker what- '
was the pendins question?                            ''.".'
The-SPEAKER said it would be on the aiotion
of the gentleman from Kentucky to commit the'
bill, with the amendments of the Seriate, to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. F1LLMORS inquired if any question had
been taken on either of the amendments from the
Senate.
Tne SPE AKER said no question had been taken   -
on either of the amendments.
Mr. FILLMORE desired to make á brief ex-
planation in relation to the last amendment. It was
now apparent that the House would not do any
business on Monday. Almost a month had elapsed
since the bill had been brought into this House un-
der the extreme pressure of the immediate wants
of the Treasury; and he should conceive himself
culpable if he were to delay the action of tbe House
for a moment, The first amendments pending
were merely verbal, as he had said on a former
day, and he hoped the vote would be taken.
Mr. STANLY rose and said, be thongbtthe
House and the country must be satisfied that tdo
much valuable-time had already been consumed in,
this debate. And now, without further preliminary
remarks, in which he could indulge if he chose, he
would move the previous question.
In answer to inquiries, the SPEAKER said that
the effect of the previous question (if sustained)
would be to cut off the motion to commit, and
bring the House to a direct vote on the amend-
ments of the Senate.
Mr. ROOSEVELT then submitted the following
point as a question of privilege:
Whereas the amendment of the Senate to the bill for the in*
sue of Treasuiy notes, rendering the same an addition to, in-
stead of a partial substitution for, the twelve million loan here-
tofore authorized by law, converts the said bill into a bill for
raising revenue, which, by the Constitution, can only originate
in the House of Representatives, and is a breach of the privi-
leges of the House.   Therefore,
Resolved, That the said amendment cannot be entertain-
ed by this House, and that the bill and amendments^be re-
turned the Senate' with a respectful communication to that
effect.
The SPEAKER overruled the point, deciding
that it was nothing more than raising a constitu-
tional point, and not one of those questions of pri-
vilege which he ought to submit to the House.
Mr. ROOSEVELT appealed. from the deci-
sion.
Mr. SPRÍGQ- a>ked the yeas and nays; which
were o.-dered.
Some conversation followed, in which Messrs.
ROOSEVELT, FILLMORE, LEWIS WIL-
LIAMS, and the SPEAKER participated.
When the question was taken, "Shall the deci-
sion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
House?" and decided in the affirmative—yeas 112,
nays 73.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
The question then recurring and being taken on
the demand for the previous question, there was a
second.
And the main question (being on concurring in
the amendments of the Senate) was ordered to be
now put.
And the two first amendments of (he Senate
(which i-.re merely verbal) were concurred in. _
And the question recurring on the third and'last
amendment of the Senate—which amendment
stnkes out the proviso of the House, (inserted on
motion of Mr Gilmer,) 'hat the amount of'Trea-
.urv notes which might oe irsusd under the'autho-
lity -if '.Us act should ce deemed and taken to be
ia lieu oí so much of the t-elye million loan au-
thoi'zed   by the act of July last—
Mr. SPRÍGG asked the yeas and nays; which
vere ordered.
i.;r. ATHtsRTON submitted the following point
of o.Ver:                                              . .        ., „
"In rte 7th section, article 1 of the Constitution, it is provided:
•A.11 i '"s en- raisin" revenue shall originate in the House of
Representatives, butllic Senae may propose or concur with
amendments, S3 on ulnar bills"'
'The bill ¿ it went from the House was not a bill tor raising
revenue, but to substitute one mode oí raUng revenue for ano-
tier in M'aril to an amount of revenue already authorized by
lew to be'raised. The amendment of the Senate does not in-
crease or diminish an amount already authorized to be raised
in the bitt as passed by the House, but it en'u-ely changes the
nature of the House bill, and makes it a bill fat raising an orí-
