tmctive charae'enstics of his generous mind and
his peculiar social qualities, have made their deep-
est impression; and it is m the large space ha filled
among them, that his departure wnl produce the
most painful void. It is in the circles where the
deepest impressisns have been rnade by the life and
influence of the deceased, that every consolation
will be needed To them his long life of u«erül-
ness, the position he had attained, his tranquil
death, and the kind attention of the individual
members of the Senate and its officers, at entions
which leave no doubt of the general sympathy and
respect of this body, «ill be presented rnd com-
mended to their r=l ef
There vill remain anothei daty fcr me to per-
form when I shill v sit the bereaved faintly This
will be to detail to thca that vVsh nas transpired
in the confidential intercourse of private fren'ship,
and m the sick room of i'-c deceased, and it is of a
character which I trun will prove a solace to them.
It is in SBch a place that the v.rtues are tested.
There, where a man sees in a shortened perspective
the end of his journey, and discloses his reflections to
his friends—nhere lie finds the resources of intellect
and philosophy give way, and his affect ons grasp
the consolations and hj"es of our holy religion,
which graciously inw e3 us all to its beneficia pro-
visions.
Mr.Wof dbridoe rose n* xt anc1 spelt" as follows
Mr. President. Itce"cas to have been the custom,
from the founda'ion of this G-overnmen', «han a
member of tois body has been suddenly wrested
from it by the hand of dealt, that ths Senate
should render some apprcpriatf tribute ofre pect
to his memory This custom is a good one, for it
is founded in t^e best feeungs of tur naluie it is
a good one, for it leais «is *o co-sidcr morecen-
ously and more rrofoi ndly of tre cha act r ard
the object of the high duties ve a e *en> 1 pre to
perform. It ^ a good one, for m its very obser-
vance we are admonished ef ihe shortness and un-
certainty of our own live , and of the comparative
worth'essness of all selfish, all ephemeral cons dera-
tion'. It cha°tfns ovr ?ff°ct ons, it prep-ires, ns to
look, alone, and niih «ing'^ic^s of purpose, to the
ulterior, future, and permanent poo1 cf Ihe «hole
country.
Nor does th  question fail of producing benef-
cial influences upon <sope'« be}ind ihe limit" "f
thii Capitol, and espinal y id so fa a? "uch nark
of respect to the memory of ihe decp-is d man -
festly t^nds to s'rengihenthe r^oral ti°s «huh bind
the people of the Sine, from wh eh he ro"v have
come, to the Government itself In accordance,
then, with a cus o t so sancionad, re ciu'ions hare
been prepared, in the ucual fo"n, in relation to tne
memory of our friend, whose decease has jus been
asnoonci"d ti us
Iciull have wished, sir, tbit it bad b <-r de-
volved upon «tomefVtr nc-jt-ei, omc member
who had dore mo>e \'- %n I have done to build no
the high character it this Sen at", to h-ue m in-
duced them, lot all wi n f^on lb-1 derep ed tus
been  •> 'org a sot 13 led h'-e w u'd be si ke realy,
I am sure, to bear te&'imny to tl,~ ^ouni ie-t> of
his judgment, the equanimity rl mt'.d, aid th° sin-
gleness of heart with which hi al vijs "ppli'd him-
self to his> public dudes line
But it wis my happiness, sir, to be an innate of
the same dwelling with the deceased during the
last session, and again during this and to have
eOMGRBSSIONAl, CfeOBK.
posses-ed, I hope, a good share of his friendly
feeling. The Slate which gave htm bir'h was my
native State ais;; many of Ms early friends were
mine, and mine were his
Prom ouch conoideiaUons, it has been thought
by others than myself that it  rught be proper for
me o present thes  resolutions and this I do, sir,
the mor  leadny, because rone can estimate more
highly than I do that ingenuousness of nature, that
honesty of purpose, and that elevated love of
country, which I know so eminently distinguished
the deceased, and which an intimate and active
connection with public affairs for thirty years
seems %n no wise to have prlluled or impaired.
I most respectfully, then, present to you these
resolutions, and move that they be adopted by the
S^nste
Resolved, unanimously, That i committee be appointed to
take older for superintending the funeral of the late Hon Na
than r Dixon, which will take place to morrow, at 12 o'clock,
and that nonce thereof be given to tin. House of Representa
lives
The following Senators were appointed under
the resolution, as the Committee of Arrangements,
viz Messrs. Woodbridge, Huntington, Wright,
Mangum, f nd Buchanan
Resolved unanmowily That the members of the Senate
from a sincere desire of showing every mark of respect d le to
the memoiy of Nathan F Dixon decea&ei late a Serator
th~i of will go into mourning foi ore morth, by the usual
mode ol wearing crape on the left arm
Resolved, unanimous!'j Tintaban addmoi il mark ofre
•=pea for the memoiy of th" deceased, the ^enale do now ad
journ
The resolutions ha vm<  been unammou«ly adopt-
ed, the Senate ccpordmgly adjourned
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES
Monday January 31, 1842
T-"> Jour"al of jes erday was red "nd qp
nroved
Mr GOODE of Ohio, from me Cor miUee on
Enrolled Bills, reported thstt tb?t ctmmii'ee had
ex-mmed the Dill entitled ' An act to au honze an
i sjp of Treasury note ," and had found the same
to be torr°ct
Trie b li tbei received ibe •- gnature of the
Spe Iter
Mr FILLMORE ugs°s ed that, by general con
-ent, the Speaker should 'ay before the House ihe
Executive communications, (under the weight of
which ihe SpeaKer'a table v as groaning )
T ie House tr  roied toe suggestion
Mr MERIWETHER presented the petition of
many a zpns of Oxfo'd, Newton county, Georgia,
for the esfsbli h"ne t of a post office at that plac
referred to  the Committee on the Post Office and
P st Ri ads
Mr CROSS of Arkansas asked leave to offer
ll " folio  mg re olutnn, whicn v>as lead for m or
m ition
Resolved II at tl e Pies li t uf tR Ui t 1 s-t teste if
q jested to cause to be common at"l to this Hon p i opy tl
the i poitof llie enmrms lot et appon te 1 on the ¡ait f the
Uniteu"sate tis ftumeodlh suivev and dematcm n f the
I y d^ry 1 ne between t lsGoveirmet at I tl t ef ubhe I
>t.-±-\s otfeth i with a map oí uch surve\ the fit d nole^
thcieof and all paj^tscenne led with the same embracn g
pa tl u xily 'uich r tutcti >ns as weie from tin e to t me f r
i I d die slid commissioner anl rtlieia en^ir t n llie woik
ti   ki i nitrioiighihe1? ateDepaitmei I
Xr ADAM1"" s?id he -vou'd ntt '■'iject to the re
c in no h r on en Bui b* wowd tegUd í
tlf H u<e would o him h" fsvi to tal e up t«e
res i o-i w) it ihe h^i pre tnted here the other
Jov.ci Hi- frintor atmw«ieh was ne esba v
t > i r fio 3g i ' t  e eh ages r>i*e "gaui't
n "> If !i  H u i woti'd tike ip tbo e i o'u
lions, at i**" %' ne time he w )uld ba\e no objee ion
rlbecjis eiiiooo 'lu eso'i unci he'em e-
jtai f t.m Aika.isa , [Mi  Cro ¡> j
Mr CR03 j v. ss «naer^tood 'o siy t e had o
iVjectiop to the adopti in of reso u i ns ot lie gen-
tlemar from Ma&sachu'etts, [M- Adi-is] He
(f«fr C ) was very aesirou , however, to ha 'e this
information    it wa* nccejsary and ín'portant
The SPEAKER asked Mi C to "osperd hu
mction,  tba< the  Bxecuuve communications rn
i.        iMw*f WsWiUtjmamMumMi** r11"" '"W w).....I .................in
the Speaker's  table might be  laid  before > . 
House.
Mr. C. consenting—                                    <
The SPEAKER laid before theJHouse the fol-
lowing communications:
I A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a report of the progress made m the
survey of the coas'; the amount of money expend-
ed upon the same «mce the commencement there-
of; and the probable length of lime and amount cf
money which will be required to complete it
II.  A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a statement of the expenditures of the
contingent fund of the Treasury Department dar-
ing the year ending on the 30th September
last
III.  A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a report showing the number of persons
employed in or connected with that Department,
thtir duties, compensation, &c and the names of
persons removed from office between, the 4th of
March, 1829, and 30 h of September, 1841, and
the names of those persons appointed in their
stead
IV.    A letter from the Postmaster General,
transmitting a statement of the nett revenue of
each post office in the Uni'ed Slate* and the Terri-
tories thereof, for the yew ending June 30, 1841.
[Mr BRIGGSmo/cd'o print 5 000exiracopies
of this document, that being, be «aid, the numbei
ef extra copies usually printed The motion lies
over ]
V.  A let'er from the Seci-eKry ot Wsr,  m rela- *
tion to the accjtint o* Joseph Rus  ana S'ephen J.
Roach
VI.  Letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a statement of the ÍM.cmJ Comptroller,
"howmg the amounts of the appropriations and
expenditures for the }ear 1841, and the balances
in the Treasury on the 31st of December of that
year.
The fo'lowing bills fron the Senate, on tba
Speaker'* 'able, we" tak'n up o* their firstandse-
cond reading, and wert referred to tbo appropnate
comm.ttees
An act for ttv rt'ief of tine 1 r of Daniel Petli-
bone, deceased
An act tor the relief tf G^or^e W Paschal
An act to authorize l^e p yai"nt oí equitable
commissions to (he azents or aUornep of persons
in whose favor awards have be n made under the
several treaties between the United S ates and cer-
ta n foreign powers, which awai ils have teen re-
tained in theTiea-sUr} jn px}ment cf d-bto due to
the United Swtes
Anart forme rth f or Hnl'ih Tucler.
An act creating a new ¡and dis'r'ct in the Stah 
of Missouri, and for changing the boundaries of
the southwestern and ves tern ¡and distne s m said
Slate.
An act tor the rehet of Jarres H B.el e
An act to provide for th" pi}> 'nt lo >' e State of
Louis ana cf the b 1 ncJ o s 11 o ate in pxpen
d ures m^uned m r-tisino-, equipping and payim 
of a reeinvnt rc v inn <"i mill a, nil erefi mo.
the servre of t>>e bni ea S at^s, aud c>a¡. <ned ,a
me Fkn ia wv in h^jeft'lSSC
An ? .f<r --e rel ef of t'>e 1 si! ¡ep'efenta-
tives of .Aa^on Vail, deceased lac coiiiul ut
L'Onent
An act for the rehet of Georga de Passf.u, of
Louisiana
An act for the relief of ce-iam companies of
Missouri volun'et.rs, commandel by Camama
Stevenson, PolUrd, Sconce, A'chhon and Craw-
ford
An ict 'eg^laingrcmiecpl mtercourw with
t port of Cavenn-, n the colony of French Gui*
ana, ana to remit (er a>n duties
An ->f t to cuthoriz  tie mn"bii,intscf town bm
8 t o th range 32 «est, m 'be State of Arl as^ .
tienterasec'iOTof laid m lieu of the 16 h eciwt,
m sa a to-vnship, upoi otdition hT the 'lie
is 'inrendered to the United States for imbtery pu -
An act ft-r the relief e£ J- cib P nd and tt-er ,
owners of the Eh/a of Brun v ick
An act for the relief of the Plum Island BnJge
and Turnpike Company
