CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER.   If the gentleman cannot state
that he voted in ,the affirmative the Chair cannot
entertain the motion
Mr SMITH    Then nobody voted for it
The SPEAKER  That is a difficuliy w,th which
the Chair bainothing to do
REPORT ON KETEENCHMENT.
The unfinished business of the morning hour
was the.following resolution, being the first of the
s nes heretofore reported by Mr. Summers, from
the Select Committee on Retrenchment in the Ex-
penditures of the Contingent Fund of the House of
Representatives-
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be, and he is hereby, ■
authorized to cimtinue in tu  office the sei vices of the thrse as
mstant clerks authorized by resolutions adopted by the House
on the 6th day of March 1820, and the 11th day of October,
1837, m addition to the six assistant clerks now authorized by
law, at the annual salaiy now received by them, lespeetively
and that he employ no greater number of assistant clerks at any
time in his office unless permitted so to do by an order or reso
lution of the House
Which   said    resolution   Mr.   Gordon   had
moved yesterday to amend by substituting there
for the  following modified substitute proposition-
"And, in addition thereto, that he be authorized to continue
the two assistant clerks now employed in his office, and who
have been employed therein since 1838 "
And the question being on the amendment, as
modified—
The SPEAKER said the gentleman rrom Mas-
sachusetts [Mr Cdshikg] was entitled 'o the lioor
Mr. CUSHING said he baa sau. a!1 he intended
to say.
The SPEAKER "ail Ihe Cleik mftnneJ him
that the previous question had heen caU d by the
gentleman from Massachusetts
Mr CUSHING did re bad mule that motion,
but had wnajrawr- «t.
So the call lor the pr.yioi^ quotum was with-
drawn                                                         '
Mr SUMMERS ag?m took the floor, and made
some further remarla in vindication of the course
of the commitiee, in reply to some of the remarks
of Mr. Gordon yesterday, and in enforcement ot
the propriety of making the reduc'ion of clerks
contemplated in the re^olu ion—the nre'ent num-
ber being grea er than was required for 'lie proper
di-charge of tha duties of the House.        \
Mr. GORDON said that he had felt called ¡ pon
to submit the amendment which he had offered,
beeau e he considered the present oLrlw necessary
to-the transaction of the public business, and bit
had looked in yam to the speech of th« chairman
of the Select Committee, [Mr Summers,] and 10
the report oi the committee, for any mug sbich
could satisfy him that they were not neces-ary.
He read the reply of the Clerk of the House to a
communication from the committee, m which it
was stated that the present force could not be re- ■
duced compatible with the public service, and
then said he had made no charge against the com-
mittee, or against any member of it, or any par-
ticular member of the House, m fact, he had made
no c arge at all, but looking at this document
he held in his hand, from which he had just quoted,
he had submitted his amendment without seeking
to attach motives to any one But why was bio
war waged against the Clerk of the Housi? Was
it that the Cierk of the House was not the legiti-
mate offspr ng of King Caucus, and tha' he had
come in by the back door? He (Mr Gor-
don) had waged no war on the chairman
of the Select Committee, that gentleman had
not occupied his mind at all, but when tht
del berate opinion of the Clerk was tnat tlese
clerks were neces-ar>, he should like the chi man
of the Select Committee to explain to the House
why and wherefore ha propovd to d'tnimsh the
numbsi ot clerk The gentleman [Mr Sum-
mers] had carried them to the State of Vircu i<i,
and had undertaken to say what was the mod" o
transacting the business u£ the House of D le^atts
of that State He had a si gone to the St?te of
Massachusetts, but why had he not gone also to
theS'ateof New York' But did not oe gente
maR r°collect that here they transacted the bu i
ne s of the twenty-six S'ates' And yet he w ail
reduce the clenca! torce of this House to the kree
employed m the Slate of Virginia, or in Massa-
chusetts, or perhaps the State of Rhode Island or
the State ef Delaware He, Mr. G knew not
what amount of business was done in the State of
Virginia, nor did he care whe'her the clerk of the
House of Delegates in that S.ate did the business
for nothing. He doubted not the argument went,
not to the number of the clerks, but to the compen-
sation paid, but $1500 a year was not too much to
support and educate a family here, where it cost
more to live than in Virginia or New York.
Mr MORGAN expressed his surpn-e that bis
colleague [Mr. Gordon] should be the first to rise
on this floor and oppose all reasonable economy
His colleague, he believed, was one of those who
complained of the extravagance of the funeral
expenses of the late General Harrison His col-
league was wil'ing to prowl over the grave for ob
jec s of economy and retrenchment, and yet now
he told Ihe House that the matter was a «mall one
—too small to engage its attention It was only
by taking small things as they occurred that we
could expect to introduce economy and retrench-
ment into the expenditure of this Government
Look at the report on the contingent expenditures
of every department of the Government Here
was one which had been made on the contingent
expenditures of the Treasury Denartment. There
was an aggregate of sixty thousand dollars, made
up of sumsvaryivg from three to twenty or th'rty
dollars, «id he found that h ttnu and and ei ht
dollars, v/er. expended f<r newspapers oenodirals,
and pieins for the Treasury Department So, m
every department of the Government, (hese
extravagances occurred ana h< mplored he
Whigs to come forward and cairy ou' trp r> o
.ruses and pie !grs which they had given to the peo-
ple, and to leave it to those who bad den.ed
tha* there was any extravag? "e un 'ei tl „ last
A'ministratun 'o oppose ccono oy and it trench
ment urder tbi It w?s their vtcatnn He vas
not surprised, nor did he compia n th-tt op-r i ion
came from such a quaner But ne a«k d the
Whig patty (whoever might be at the head of the-
Adm nistration)—he called on the Wh g party,
who were responsible so far as dependsa rn their
action, to carry out the r pledges of economy and
retrenchment Let them begin lure, m tht expen-
d tures which they themselves incurred If there
were too many clerk-;, reduce the nambcr, if ih1
salarie- «ere too large, re 'uce them Let us (cor-
cludrd Mt M) r-ouce our o'7j expend tures
first Let us take up ev^ry item n Hit. impropria-
tion bills, an! reduce where we can r*duc , i' t niy
to the extent of even a single dollar O her thiegs
will follow
Mr. SMITH of Virginia said he presumed there
was not a member on this floor,who, looking at ihe
public business as he would at his own private af-
fairs, would not say that retrenchment and reform
was his indispensable dutv. What was the «date
of the country' The expenditures exceeded their
income, and was it not then their dt'fy to retrench
where they could with propri ty, and ennt^tenuy
with the public service? Was not that the condi-
tion of the revenue? He ioo t it to ^e a self ev -
dent proposition And if it wis vhat «s ih ir
first dut>' As ref recenta'! ts oft'i p  le sh u d
they nit beg n there—t' -n > a p'y u - pruning
knife? And it tney first d d it mere, he asked,
what ether department or branch < f public ser-
vice could ask them to witharld their hind? This
question had been argu d as ih ugh a blow was
aimed at the Clerk, but he did not so nndrrstind
it It was but one quest on of eeono-riy which
the Whigs were p'edged to ca^-y i u', snd wh en
every good D mocrat would aid in cprry n  o i>,
that prevailing and admi'ed exntia«an^e right
be retrenched HiscolI<,as>ue,^io was a' t1 e head
of the «e ret committee, [Mr Siaimeb-. ] ha ' r1" >-
pi'id i reduction of thi" ccr1 s n ene branch of
iheGivernmen , and could it b-> ^corip1 led'
L°t them go back to 1838, wl • i tht business v s
done by a force of the > ¿i ¡o wl th ! s col' a L
wi he ure to reduce it If, il 183^, it e 'I so
basire co M be ikre h >h>t
i t m ? Trey mfti a pr \a'^
wuen tK cot into ^ fficilt cs <!•<•/ v,
wi ar twice as Ions,  ndsubicc ed'rtrj
IJi  '.ills
e t 1 tpin°s
et«t age
n<*ral economy, and should th^y m t do for tut na
Hon as they  did in their private capacities'    He
H should be sorry if bis colleague proposed to hit«t
this or that clerk of the House. He (Mr* 0 > be-
lieved ihat his colleague oaly proposed to diminish
the expenses of the House to the extent stated^ attd
he must be permitted te say that he was amazed
that any of bis honorable colleagues on that floor,
particularly any of the Democratic party, should
say this was a poor, pitiful reform. Why, they
knew that particles made large amounts, and that
" many tmckles make a muekle " It was only by
details that reforms could be accomplished. Was
the reformation in this particular branch restricted
to two clerk ? Why, he might permit the gen-
tleman fiomNew York [Mr. Gordon] to sneer at
his collergue from Virginia [Mr Sdmmers,} lftha*
was all, but that was but a beginning. The gentle-
man from New York said his colleague had
adduced no argument. What' bad he not told them
the amount of labor performed, and the result of
his inquine  m the other legislative bodies? Had
he not shown how the business was done in.
the Virginia House of Delegates—a House
consisting of one hundred and thirty-two
members, whose business was done by two clerks,
although their sessions were protracted, and but
little short of the sessions of this House? And if
two dents were there able to discharge all the du-
ties, was it not a fair argument that ihe force here
m fht bear a lelative proportion? If they looked
10 the j lurt.al of the House of Delegates, they
would find t but little ie s than the journal of this
House
Mi GORDON here obtained permission from
Mr Smith to make some explanation, but his re-
marks were notms'inctly heard
Mr SMIFHsatd l.e was sorry to be interrupt'
eu f)r such purpo es, and he wished it to be under-
stood that he considered there wa<* but one mode
in wnich they co nd be treated Such remaiks did
not becjme that place, nor tho a who bore the re-
presentative agency there He then continued.
The "land of steady habits," with a House amount-
ing to sis hundred members, they were told em-
ployed but one clerk to do all their duties, with
the exception of the engrossing, and that was done
in a cheap manner In the Siate of Virginia theen-
g o=s ng was paid for out ot the pocket of the clerk,
a the late o£ a penny a line But the gentle nan
from New York ?aid his colleague had aiduced no
argument i Why, what was the committee msti 
tufd foi' Was it rot to examine the si.bjeet, and
to collec t-vidi1 ct* bearing upon it? And yet, wifh
this duty imposed and laboriously exercised, ?s
ha i been evinced in ¡his House by ihe committee,
a m mber ot the House had interrupted him tor
such a purpose as to say that he was &$ able to
judge as the committee. Truly, truly, (he sun
both rose and set on tne district of the gentleman
f-om New York !f they had the opinion of the
Clerk against the report, th y had the report of the
tommitiee agam t 'he opinion ot the Cleik, whose
espni de corps wo 'Id leid hnn to ohj«ct to reduc-
ttnn Bu'n the force it ¡838 emit do die dutus
fen, it coold do hem now, in tbe^e hard tim s,
Aden i ir<"ichmni' wis tne duty cf every citiz°D.
VV bx, t ritii itch was th  result ot an overwhelm-
uk ¡ec s i\, jjuh.Ii vm ibd itseli through every
house m the land, should ihey ,taiid out to
tne full dimensions of mce prosperous times,
when the only question was how to spend
the r m ne1' There was a wide difference
between a full and an crnp y purse. With
a fall pur-e, their hand night be "as open a 
inflmg ciipnty," bu  when they were brought
tl w n t > hinp asters, it is as a different thing. But
this wbs not al , tt-e^ were tun t> stop w«h tnem-
>, 1 ts, a-. ., were 'o carry reforms mío every de-
pártala ot tne Government The eonnngent
,^ -res of -"\ ral of the Depai merls exhibited
,n' a. n? ordinal y aspee' He hoped the Houst 
t 1   ton th rt«o!utonof his colleague, thou, i
i d d not g i to the extent that he desir- ', f nd after
,- io the out bins of thit- ha'l th-t it w n d be
lined up b otl'er refor"is cqu.il , n r-ts^ry
i d i -uportart
Mr BOWNE oHi.ned the fli i, It" ( he morn-
■ n« hour havirs almos expi ed)  w   ed if, on   be
su?ge«tion of Mr. FILLMORE
A'.ae'-sage in wrding it«s received from the Pie-
