eONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.
á#
Boardman, Burnell, Child*, James Coopei, Cranston, How
ard, James, W C Johnson, Thos F Marshall, Samson Ma
son, Met i wether, Osboine, Tomhneoo, Van Rensseaei, Ed
ward D White, Ohriptophei H Williams, Wmthrop, and
Augustus Young—23
So the resolution wan adopted
Mr W 11 CAMBkLL moved to rec insider the vote by
which the resolution had tren adopted, foi the purpose of of-
fering the following amendment to the resolution
Reaoleed, Ihatth" Secretary ol War report to tins House
the names of such omceisofthe War Dipartment ami of the
Army ncludingPaymastersandGoseinoisoiTerrltoiies, who
have leoeived extra allowance canee the 3d of Mai eh, 1S25, the
time when received, Iheamou t oí the e-sua allowance paid to
each, the service for winch the extia allowance was claimed,
and the authority under winch it was made
Mr WISL suggeste 1 that pio ably this amendment itself
was notextensive enough lit was informed tnat there was
information on theft e  of the Wat Department which showed
that not only officers of the Aimv, but some who fad been
hitherto, and probe biy now were, highei ti an offi eis of the
Army, had been receivma double pay lor the same service He
would mention one case of which he had been informed,
though he did not know whether the fac was «o or i ot The
Headoflhe War Department himsel!, Mr W wis informed,
at one time received two salaries ai once fiomthe Goveinmtnt
He would mention the case of aicietar) Bullet While that
gentleman was Acting "-ecietaiy of War. he received c rrp^n
sationnot only as ¡secretary oi Wai, but as Attorney General,
and probaoly, owing to tha1 examph,other ofn/1ers underthat
Department had been induced lo take a little more than the
law allowed Whether this was true or not, he did not know
The inquiiy ought to embrace aU the-oíncirs of the Wai De
partment, and not only prior to 18do, but since Gmgiess
should havethu information fully developed This singl call,
he believed, would enllanten Congress, and especially the
friends of economy and reform, moit on those subjtcts than
any othei He Impel 'hat the look tinn w-iuld be -o mod lit i
as to strike nut "ofliieis i f the Arm), } ard let it be made to
apply to all officers
Mr W C JOH\SO\ brief!) advocated the motto i to re
consider, becaute he was desirous, he stid, that Congie s
should be possessed of all the facts in ida ion to the post expen
dilutes and extra allow mees Cunareis was not tojudge fiom
one isolated cise wheiecvery biaucn and ra nmcation of the
Government piesenled it e.snl them loryeais pa-t ltou"ht to
be seen whether th,- par icular t asc was sustained by past ex
ampies, or by ihe ¡iiib ol the land
Mr BO WISE nqjned ot the ¡Speaker if this debate wab in
order.
The SPEAKER .emm .en the trendeman that, on afoimer
occasion the Chan had decided thai, when the p > iou- que-
Hon had been called it ipplied to a rpn s'ltm of rr co is leiauou
The House had ovenuled that deci-ion, and had dccid-d that
the previoUb queoti m app led only to the mam que tun, and,
havingtieeo applied to it, ws cxhaus ed
Mr. W C. JOHNSON explained lliat he m rely wished
the scope of the irquliy enlaiged, that the course ol Congie-s
might be duected wi-c y an 1 ludicously on this -ubjeii, and
that they might act with a I the mfotmation and fac's before
them.
Mr ADAM5* said he did not see that there was any nocesspy
to reconsider [his vote with a view to passing this a Iditional
resolution 'I his ad lt'onat resolution nilgnt be oli led and
stand on its o,vn merits, without rccoiMdu ine the vote lit
hoped they w mid not leconsidei, because so much was earned,
the) had got one resolution adopted, and they would hive that
much information He had ro -ort of objection lo the propr si
Hon now made, by use1! Wnat he wasifiaid ol was, that if
they reconsldeied the> would coi.it into the srentt il q,ie='ion of
what extra allowances had been mad- 'o all he olVers ol th 3
Government, evi'a id iml.tai y fi r sixty vevrs 'this app aied
toil mtl be to dtown de Wilole, to 1 'so enll elv a'l view of the
question of IhkpaUiruMi M e Hi hid nnt'mli loaf ¡hi-re
solution, ab ] i- ed, would be a «wned s ie d v He hid no
objection, tl en, to extt dins toe mqmry aslai as! íe Uou e
pleaued but he-aw no ne e-it> fo  ucoi ^incnnsi the vote
M. COOPEitof P nn-.lva s hopel 'to si 1 that ti e mo
Hon to iecoisidi.1 woi'ttb" c?i ml. The re-o'tuion is it"—,?
stood,wa-> an attach y i the charac o, of Gen *io t Ik di ed
to see all the itbrm- ic , i-m en ) h el hv Hie pio n-itlni of
the gentleman liomT lint ee [Mr Cahpeell 1 let al tlii
lacts c line out t'rreihei, an 1 i t n be se'i wnat e\ riat'ow
anees hid been unlet; Gen lack- ill and other  83 w 'l.b in
patticular c ise let ¡he resolution embraced t e whoie sub-
'cct, and not be aimed ata par'icuHt rn'ividiial and tb n he
tlioiiidhave no obi c hii ion In" ie-oliit' n ,h„ 'ladiod nut,
would show this liotoe v heie to lay it  13: gel on ex ia\at,anct,
«•oastore-en'hiui'Kiously
Mr WAi'l LkSOIS moved tnat the motion tc lecn-isid-i he
laid on the table
The yeas and o vswei •> asked andieftised
And, aftei abnet conversation the question on the rro.ion to
lav on the table the n i o i to leconsidei the vote by which the
leoolutlenwasaJop ed,was taken  and deemed hi die afarma-
uve without l divis on
So the mo'ion to i eronsidei M. laul on II e tab e
Mr EOT Tft (no objection be ng made) oil-led the fol owing
resolut ^n                                           .,,!...
Resohed Tnat the Petit ai vol Wat be d lectcUo íepi
'his House ah ca-es in wmch e   la «imp n-atim hi-h- eto
kebten allow-1 -o    the.   oil-ere of the an" ' fo- -e vief-
!,,mi'arto lho- ie dcie! 1 v G. i  ^ )tt, foi t liii.li he issiu
to h«e rectuelev • ->i ow-n
Ml W B f AAil'B'LL ovsi t) ruierd m íe- I inn lv
striding out all a, er t>>. «   d   Ue-ohed,   a d n =utn,g i e
fohow""?                                                  ,    TT          ,   -             ,
"Tnat the'•ecu ais ol W i irpcr 'o !)i-Hoti e thetimtb of
«mch officers ol the W >t h 1 «™f" otdieVii) Hit J hnu
p vmástersandGove.n<i-.¡í r.nHtrie wj • have,, „ed
extra lllowaiu e sine, me Jl i 1 Mo.ch, IS'. . lme w n
fíefved Ihe anion,,. ,f the ex n allov,aiee pud to e d, the
B«vicef0l which Hint st.a alhw u ee v ab clam.td and Hie au
thorny under which it was n ado '
Mr BOTISsald if the geni'e inn wouM s like out fiom the
reSlution the woid* « binee the 3 I of Much 1-35 ' h- would
Scept the amendment as a modific itnn of h - mot osuiou
He tMi B ) had examn ed the law ol lbTB, and, m lib opii ioi ,
"did nol apply to the case It had no more loleience to it tl an
S9 the rrJfwi  n the moon
Mi CAMPBEIX modified his nro^osiuon by striking out
the words indicated
AndMr BOl 1¡3 accepted the amendment, as thus modified,
asa modific it on of his own proposition, and moved the p^e
vious question
After two oi three suggestions of furthei amendment, pone
of wh ch were accepted,
The quesnon on the demand for the previous question was
taken, and theie was asecond                         *
And the main ejue-tion (being on the adoption of tile íCbülu
tion) wesoideied, and, being taken—
The re-o'u'ioiwas adooted
Mi ¡SMITH oi \usinia, a-ked leave to offet a lesolution,
(wh eh was not lead >
Mr W \V UlWINofPennsyrsaaia objected—this bemgpe
tuion day
PETITI0M3 A^D MEMORIALS
The £Pi AKLIi thtn commerced the call lor petitions and
memon-d-m tit lévele order of the States and Teintorcs,
an J tney were presented by the following members, and appio
ptiateh leftiied
Mr A C liODGC of Iowa presented a fomt lesolution of the
Council an 1 Ho j-e of Repie&entatiV^s of 'he Pemtoiy of Iowa,
litbliut ing then Delegate ir Cimgrebb ij Ubo h s mflue ice m
proem mg a confirma, ion by in ait of Congress, of the pie mt
noithein h.ui daij l"eof the hall breed Sac and Pox le-e, va
fion in l,encuim\, I iwo. 1 el fitory o. u Cong,ess snould
dee i it m >ie proper ^nd expeheu!, lo i b*am asume entanpio
priation fot thesuivey oi tl e boundary ¡ire o! sal I resei vaiion,
and theaj po p'ment cf a commibbioner to carry into eiLct this
object
A pet tion bisoed by 243 citizens of Johnson county, Iiwa
Terrnory, representir" that the prospcn y and grow Ih of Iowa
City (tne seat of Government ol said leii.tory,) and tint part
of the counfv adjirentto i   aiechicked and pu vented by the
leseivation frim-a'e of sections Tso- 2 3 4, °-, u K and Ir),
in tovvn-hip No 79 noi'h ol .alise b wtsi, that, mcteadof ^-ald
land^ n ciea-mg in value <i^ nug tl ive be t, cu(i'   std,'heir
valueHal ios! laiK dimni-lnn¿'> lea on of the almost e me
desiuction of ihe v iluable tnnbti growr^ thereon, an 1 th it    |
asaie e' for tl^ eviibcnmp ane 1 of,they (the petitionns) isk   |
that tht ¡ui nat is nnv 11 nrmidiately olTeied fir i    Mfll'ie   I
ame manner as is í lov id abylawfir thesaleoi o her puohc
lands
A pi l  . in,-ignpd       a  lug-rn nbet of th" inhabitant- of
Iowa an I ail—ouu pía) i lg Conrrress  lo es,abli-h a uml imite
fiom Paimvia v a Moi t cello \\avtr oo, m Mis-onu and Keo    '
sanqua rauheld Was'iu g'on, Iowa City, and Ed noursn, to
Dubuque i , Iowa
Ape ilioi.s jneMi) many C!P- a- of J ce county Iowa Ter
iitory,pravu g Cone e-s 111 sfb i li a mail rtute fiom Tort
Madibi o, i i Í ee i ot ut> v a Ct es i 2 and Mamhcstr ■-, to Par-
mi istoa in Van P  len county I iwi Temtmv
A pe ilion fl nil ei>i7ei of io\ a | riM cr Con^ii s to r fa
hlishan , itnK iro i íí 11 que, \ i > a-caj1, E auviev. í a i
hoe Po'on I waCtls Eirhmtnl Vi i- l «oi Bii"l oo T ir
fi Id, B mil gl "mi, an 1 P.i ütip'na, lo Keobai q, a, in Van
Binen r i mt>   1 v a Teinl l)
A pennon    ont c'tle'iia      hvinsali ¿; tí e Des Multes
river   in I iwa, iepiis"urina dipt they =,uff r  much in-one
vicrcea"d'o b for want ol mail fa 'l ti<"« an 1 piaym Congless
to estabii-h a m3 1 route frim Aexanur  , M --ouri  via tet
Fiare   viU„ ¡?w ft Home Fiimnuvon, Bona a.te. and ICeo
-euqua, to lowasi'e lowtTaiiorv m stages tw ce a wi tlr
From inhabilart  of Clinioai-ottotv, Iowa Ten  oiv, ic ire
sentmgthi g eat i^eonvenienre b txocm need by tie pejpl
Uv n" in ti i ceo ¡a C( nnfes ot I \va 'oi i-a ,t of a m i l.sth eh
s',alien siheMi-si-«ippl on adi eclian   fiom Chicagi  lib
iiois, toIiwaCl v, tlecapilflol I ma le- itorv, and pi-y i g
that o ic may he esfehli hi d fiom Chic-e-1, I 1 noi , siaD'xm,
b erln "ard Alo-1 ty, 11 cail ^ta'e, fo Cimanchee, m ihe Tem
tiry o'Io va i¡ inte v a VjiJe ibuich and Tiptm, to lov a fit)
IoiaTen lo \
Frim eiii-ens nr lleniy rourift Iowa Teintoiv, piayini* t íe
establ hmeutcf am il'one from K"ik'il> the foot of tk«
I iweiKi id i.tMoiiii e WtotiW McCaivei uowr and
Moult PI i ant, to Iowa Cuv
\   ei th^pie-en   'on anl reference of die fuco: g t^eti
tion- M' !> iniii't' ind nh aired he nnai lirnus c ¡sentof
the Hon e it th   adoolioi  of tl efoHowni-? it    let on to wi
Remoller! That tl e Src ftary of' * e b= di erted to finn-Il
til-Hon e with ai'mCoima,. me i fi'c m'ne « uel) paimrn
it itmgti ihe I on dm li c bctv eei tne «it at of tí' -uní-' id
llicfeia vft"1 .' wi h e ip' p' a1 ! lit c de ee wi t
I'telutt-rJ I e't" f inn i- fin iTeutoiv n hat «lib
I i m„ nil ' i' l '■ ilit m n s
f ,i i MiGiiniliii ti h-" ,l
s, i ¡ , f lu ' uti till' lie e ine r -> is
1 ,lu ai U'"l If o the a'e ,
t , T i e ' - -1- w i m ÜH 1
i^ai '   i          \\      a co      <ti   d
•    e !)• ii    v u a id  ho  i
r i
p  v     ml    eilt' of
]er , m ini lu t   i
t1 at mv  av    i    i
D oa   n   r   'it1
ji ri-li- u ib t> t
a d ne       i i     *
1 >v>a   ' i l 1     ail
d ' rt I e \vee    ,
?I    oi      n tm-
til   Dor i
un   i
oi
Re oherl Ti
s n r' to lupin
a itn for tr o e
t err i ¡ a r
uie<n e  if'I      (
iii m MvC
ti i
1 i"
V
i!    ( on I
0 1 iil ds a o 1  C '
1     t\
i e   of in 1 i
l ie
•o tl '
'An ol I1 onrl       T
sai ap"t n n
irn o1 t1- i~i -
>v a a d wi   m
10D(
WVii   on ii   "ie cite'the foil iw
vp   pit of n^ uavi
rf In    a«d
du
P
Wi
-'    mat    ' t1
i i n I i   t,    t
r Ojv  | in,"
ii   e  i ti
i   ( - f i ■> co
liiv    n 1' i      i
ti     , n ot oí
ii 1 \ a comí!'
t i
. mm Pra
ii F t s«
on   he I
11 a ice of i
an i   v i f TI       i
'   ni i, I       ,i
-   to E v Gus>
i im tie   | |
, in stid   I
P C
c c i l" G
*■ numen
vtinine it
p.. i nol ^usa i ( nln a, d T V
fu i o 1 ad m , e rui - il t^a i'
a°enls
Mi DODCP ooloav- 'fi reltw t il nwir  remilloi
Re^oi "tl Hi, i'i'= c etaiy ot Wtr, e in-nucted to lerort
to tin-Hon- c pic-nil ism irucnii'tothe ~u[ eimteiidtntof
IheTmlid'5 attbhidn i lo th"  fa e ol Illinois in 1 he I er
, t Ue- ' VSisionsi, -ndlava in .e'atior to leasirg bait! noes
„nd the collection ol lente ftom the lessees of the i nued Slates
since the 4th of Match last, and to inform the House what legal
proceedings, if any, have beenmsututed for the collection of
rents fl om bald mines
[.A mebsige in wri'mg, was received from the President of
the I nued S'ates, by the hands of John Tyx.ee, jc. esq. hi 
private Secietaiv ]
Michigan By Mr HOWARD
[Mr Howar3 piesented jomt resolutions of thé Legisla 
tureofMichiean,oriihe subject of militia claims                   ,
Also, a joint lebolunon from the game Legislarme, reeorfl-
mending an amendment "to the bankrupt act to include "mo-
neyed coiporatiors" m ltspiovisions
Also, the preamble f nil joint lesoluaons of the same Legis-
lature, recommending the passage of an act to''refund" to
General," Andrew Jackson the fine impo-edonlnm hy Judgs
Hall at New Orleaiu, it  March, 1815, Jbr a contempt of
court
Mr II moved to lefel the latter resol ltion to a select
committee of thtee membtis, with instructions to report"
thereon
The question was taken, and the vove stood—ayes 50, noeg
37, no quotum
Mr STECMIOD moveJacailof the House, which motion
was reiec'ed
Mr "vTFENROD then moved that the House adjourn
On this motion theytas and nays having been askedandor-
de red-
Mr *i witluliew the mot <n
Mr MALL0R1 moved a cal! of the House, which motion
was rejected
Mr HOWARD «aid he would withdraw the petition until a
quorum was present
A paube of sevi -al moments succeeding,
Mr MAELORY mqtmed of the Speaker if there was no
business In foie the House?
The ^PEAKf.R ie¡ lied that there being no quorum present
the House (ould transactno bus.nebs, and a call ef ihe House
h id ¡u*t b en lefused
Mr TASih.s (with a view of obtaining a quorum) moved
that the ¿louse adjourn, and on this motion called the yeas and
ua s, which were oi uertd
Tne q lection was then tale", an! decided m the negatiye:
Yea- 5, navsl40
So the House refiwed lo adjourn
Mi HOWARD then withdiew his motion to refer the said
ves ilu ion, and moved thatit be laid on the table and punted;
winch motion w is agieed to }
\rka, -as   liv Mr CRO-S
[SIi ( . oss pres> nted the pet tion nf I oms Evans, praying
in iemn.ty lor !oa es sustained by Indi m depiedatlons, and
otlued the Lllovvmg resoiutio i, with accompanjing pa-
pers
Kesoiticri, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions he in-
sti icted tomqune into the expediency ol allowing Russell B.
Hy 'e, late of the TJu led Ch in - armv, a pensiou ]
Mi   C   otfeied the'odifvino rcolutien
Resohed, That tho Committee on Pi i vate Land Claims be
ipsiucted to irqune into the expf ndienty of reviving ihe act
rrtnlid'anact for theicllel of 1 mn Dailln 'appioved on the
2dotMaich lc39 the same having exniled within two years
froi i the diie ot ilsapi lova!, ana lhat the original petition and
accompanying tcMimouy lelatu g theieto, be lelei.edwith the
ie-j!ution  o mid committee ]
Mis oiiu   Messrs   vilIXCR and EDWARDS
[Mr   MiLiamof  Mi=-sotn piesented the following petitions,
V17
Ite netp'oa and papers o GeortreW Dent, la'e a clerk m
!hi Receiver G neial'-Office at St" I.jiis, Mi stun, praying
(oiiriessto | is a Ian loi ins lelel, int'emi ¡fying him lor
pioiieily dts,io>ed hy f e m the Rece ver Geneiai'b Office at
that [dare, le bundine u i gheer destiojetlby Are referred,
lo the tommi pe of Claims
The petition of W 1 R cker, Dabriey Fmky and others,
pi .vinsf (hat certain changes b  ma le by law in the location of
cci am post loads therein mentioned and described m aalme
ai.JPitti- ounte* M'- oun ^rehired to the Committee on
I ie Po-t 0(1 ce and Post Roads
'Ihtieti KMof Jdiii R Jackson, Tehx G Burt and others,
ail m  thee ibllihine1 to! a lio-t n a 1 Horn 1 ho,p s Mill post
till ec,nll(ltc n y M -iiu bs 1 h ill ov, Daniel Dear
burn s and II O II íu i re i m "•   u ( n t, e Mi s, mi rivei.
n/   lei to'tt< omm 1* ei it c Vv    Oílite ,i i Pos, TU ads.
1 p'ttiti nof Jo Mi< mal i i in Mit an, ( i-yn.a Con
« s io pi-0a la v " 't lit imbiekicn- n m niiibii'era ion
oil - ,tr -a a ei del i- Pit ll-v< mtiomiv War re-
leí     In   helo   mi eeon Re.olo i  '-ijrl'ensun )
[ vit  LovvírDbt'ie   no1 ihe pelo    i oí A   II kvanepiay-
0  2 tl H ,te - ails ie In i mee m ca-e- refened
t    leCiri    toonl'nl   Mini
ah-, on,' Hr irv Tic > s ai 1 ethei=, pray ng Ihe esta
V, isiiii i c< --em weekly pert urate uom Richmoid, m Ray
cu nt), Mibsom. 1 v w iv (tP.sit burg S iaiia,and Sivannah,
toOl>'0l  in Holt coml)  Mi -oun
¡he pettionof Alne F Rdeuot other- praynirr the está-
bil 1 n-c it of a p st route fiom Cate loma in Washington conn
n,to VmKiircf, .he cm ly s^av cl Ripley county, state of
1   Te" émertof M  me' Alvutb in .elat oi to drawbacks on
niii'vev.ii ed in the o4,"na, p<rk ices over land to Santaie,
¡Nt  >I \,-    lel-i elt ,to> C nun ilceonComu eice.)
s   hs    ,   Uv It",   HOI <IO\
nil lio sresrri-tnedajei'tionfi-omapoitionofiheciu.
z-      ' A'ab",aa-.d Mi -ts,iS|" pi.yns thee;tal),ibhmentof
, , , ¿¡,o ill,, - Iv.K, in the-ate ol Alabama to Ja-
e ,„, r .lieol Mi-si-b pp., and a po't rffitt thereon:
w ll oh v, ab ,e,e, .ed to too Commit on me Post Office and Port
Mt A \sEl- ChariesJ Va'entlue, and52otl,e - c.tizens of
V,                    '.   moi remr>n«tniiniasnui"tans inteneieice
% '2 X ' L J taw at this -e-.o.i of C or gi ess Also, pell-
1,1 ' ii „« liarneTt aid 37 oiheis c zens oi Mississippi,
tion of Ch .ues Rarnet_aiiu ^^             ,    eo m Ul¡l} m ,ajd
praying the confirination ol cci ta.n p
5t itc J
Llmois By Ms-srs CA=EY  ^VMT
Indiana   By Messl"   HOWVKD.
and REYIv.OID«.
ORAVDNS,  and KES-
NÍMrÍ KemiEDV -aid 'hat 1 <. was cnarged with the ptUtion of
33,'cwzersotthe-,*ite ofiidiana 1 vmg en M , roprKtion
fui tus ujrapleiion o  the Lumbeiland load tluovgh ,he West.
