Ü8
iangftfiMíoMAi, §tofii:
and he believed the best disposition which could
be made of them would he to place them at
the disposal of the several State Legislatures;
those Legislatures, after having placed -a copy in
their own library, and one in each of the depart-
ments of State, might, if they should think proper
to do so, bestow the remaining copies, if there were
a surplus, upon the colleges and public institutions
within their respective States. To distribute them
among members would, to his mind at least, carry
too much the appearance of making them personal
and private property. Any appropriation which
might be made, should have reference to public,
and not to private gain. There would then be no
motive hereafter for voting for the printing of
great quantities of books and documents. He
propos d to amend the resolution, by putting in
the word , "State Legislatures "
Mr. TAPPAN remarked that the proposition to
distribute bad nothing to do with a question of
printing or purchasing books for distribution among
members of Congress; nor did it involve thai ques-
tion in its effects It was merely a proposition to
get rid of an incumbrance It struck bim that ihe
best and least expensive mode of having tbem dis-
tribuís d to advantage among the States, was to have
it done through the members of Congress, who
were presumed to be best advised as to what would
be the most judieious disposition with regard to the
States they represented.
Mr. McROBERTS moved the following as a
substitute for the original resolution, viz:
Reeolved, That the 300 copies of ihe laws and opinions print-
ed under a ruso ution of the Senate of Feb 23 1837, now on
hand, and ihe residue o{ 1450 copies of the State papéis on the
fmbhc lands in five volum ^ after complying withl former reso
ntions of Congress upon the subject, be distributed amons the
nine States and three Territories containing the public 1 inds,
according to the census of lfc41 to be l>y them dtstubuted m
such maiinei as they shall deem propel
Mr McROBERTS remarked that these papers
would be of no manner of service to any lawyer or
State in which the publ c lands, were not situatt. It
would be to th«m no n ore than so much waste pa-
per, but they would be of great value and impor-
tance to the new States and Territories, and to the
courts of justice and the law officers of the States
where the great body ot the public lands lies He
thought the least expensive mode of distribution
would be to bave it done through ihe members and
delegatesjrom those fetates and Territories He
would go for either cours" that would best obtain
the object of his am ndmrnf.
Mr. BUCHANAN "aid the proportion of Ihe
Senaior from Ohio, as he unde>s ood it  object,
was an excel'ent one, and he would cnetrfully
vole for dispos na; of the e '¡coks, plmost on any
term'., and clearing the ro m  which were now en-
cumbered with them He ui del stood Ihat Ihe new
standing committer of the Stnator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr Morehead's Retrenchment Commi -
tee,] had, a, yet.no resting pUe- wihin this
building He hoped some disposition «ould be
made of these book , if fur no o her reason, at
least for the purpose of enabling that committee to
commence its labors He anxiously desired that
that excellent committee should have an opportu
miy of beginning the wcrk of reform wilh as little
delay as possible They were about to put an end
to those generalities ln ^e wor]i: 0f refotm wn,cn
they had been accustomed to pursue, and to de
scend to particulars Li this wpy alone could re-
trenchment be effectually accomplished He would
vote for almost any di«p< sition which it misjht be
proposed to make of these book , but he cutild
no' consent to vo*« books to himseif for any rea-
son which could be imagined The contmg nt ex-
penses ot the S-nate had buome enormous He
was astoms'ie 1 at the amount to whu/h their ex-
penditure had b°en swelled, and ue hoped lit Se-
nator from K'r'ucky would beg u with the«e vast
and lrresponsib e expenditures. The books were
cer amly the, property of iV Senpir, and m srht be,
as he had no aoub' tney woül 1 be if the resoludon
should be adopted, fairly an 1 noi esi'y distributed
But in what I gbt wojid it nevir-jcd' It would
be, afte^ all, a distribu ion to their friend^, and if
it were not to re ul< in tneir immedia e benehi, it
gave them at least some degree of patronage, hy
giving them the opportunity of sending five beauti-
¡Silly bound volumes to whomsoever they might
think proper. He was willing to give the Senator
from Obio a carle blanche as to the drpo-
sal of his (Mr. B's) vote upon this mat-
ter, provided, in the disposition which he
might make of these books, he would have Sena-
tors wholly exonerated from the responsibility of
their distribution He could not vote m favor of
giving them to themselves, or to their particular
friends. He (Mr Buchanan) did not want any of
them for himself, or for distribution to his friends;
and he would take this occasion to observe that he
would be very glad indeed if the contingent ex-
penses of the individual members of the Senate
should be discontinued altogether He had no
doubt that, wi h the exception, perhaps, of the Se-
nator from New York, he himself was in the habit
of using more letter paper than any other member
of that body. Indeed, since he had held a seat
there, he had been scarcely able to attend to any
hing cjse than his correspondence, and he was
persuaded that $20 would pay for all the paper he
used in the course of a session, and for the credit
of the Senate, he hoped that they would not, for
the sake of this small sum, consent to entail upon
the public funds so large a burcen of expenditure
as that which annually took place He could not,
therefore, vote either for the amendment or the
original resolution, bathe would say to the Sana-
tor from Ohio that he might do with his share just
what he pleased, provided be did not ask him to
receive them.
Mr SWITH of Connecticut opposed the amend-
ment, and said that they had no more right to dis-
tribute these books to the nine States and the three
Territories- than they had to distribute them among
the members of Congress. Neither had they any
more right to distribute them to college? than to
common schools He was in favor of selling them
m the book market, for whatever they would bring,
and returning the proceeds to he jrnblic Treasury.
That he conceived was the only legitimate and
constitutional mode of disposing of them, since it
was agreed on all hands that it was net proper to
give them tt members of Congress for their per-
sonal benefit, or the benefit of their pnva'e friends.
Mr. CALHOUN said he presumed the original
intention was, that these books- should be devoted
to some useful purpose, and as it was admitted ihat
they are only a nuisance here, he thought that
they should be distributed u here thev could be
most nscfullv employed. As to the n?bt of ¡he
Senate to apply them as they thought proper, (here
was no dot bt. He would therefoie vote in favor
of the amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
The question brought up in his mind ihe recollec-
tion of tnose lavish expenditures which had been
hireto'ore incurred by Congress, under the influ-
ence of the surplus revenue, and he was gratified
to ee a returnng sense of propriety beginning to
m?mfest itself, and to find that the extravagance
he had alluded to was beginning to meet universal
cond m alien
Mi. McROBERTS ?a>d that it was agreed, upon
all hands, that the books were in the way, and the
only question was, how should they be disposed of?
The proposition which he had suggested, it seemed
to him would productive of more good than sub-
mitted by the Senator from Ohio
Mr MOREHEAD expressed his perfect willing
ness to make a just distribution of the books, but
he could not vote for the ametidment of the Sena-
tor from Illinois.
The question was then tak n en the amendment
—ayes 11, nays 14—but no quorum having
voted—
Mr SEVIER called for the yeas ?nd nays,
wb ch wer° ordered
Mr. MANGUM hoped there would be an end
to'his si stem of printing books by Congre s for
disinbuhon He moved to ay boh resolution
and amendment on the table, and with a purpose
of not tiki ig them up again
Mr TAPPAN expla ned that ihe books were
already paid for, an 1 being an encumbrance it was
nceeseiry to get nd of them some way or other.
Mr MANGUVI, at Mr Clay s request, with-
drew his motion.
Mr CLAY said the books were here and paid
for, and m the way, and should be disposed of m
some manner. He was, however, opposed to giv-
ing them away to the nine States. He would go
for the general distribution on the general princi-
ple, but was opposed to discriminating between the
States on the presumption that they were not all
interested in the public lands
Mr. SEVIER moved to strike out the word
"nine" in the amendment of the Senator from Illi-
nois, so that the books might be distributed among
all the States and the three Territories
Mr. CLAY said that, as the distribution was
thus made general, he had no objection to tt.
Mr. BUCHANAN would now agree to the
amendment.      *
The call for the yeas and nays having been with-
drawn by general consent,
The resolution as amended was then adopted.
The Senate then proceeded to the orders of the
day.
Mr CLAY remarked that the particular order
of the day was his resolutions on retrenchment.
He proposed to postpone that order till next Mon-
day for the purpose of taking up the next order,
being his resolutions to amend the Constitution by
restricting the veto power, which motion was
agreed to.
Some conversation then took place between
Messrs. BAYARD, ALLEN, and BUCHANAN,
as to the priority of business, the first named
Senator contending that the bill authorizing the
District banks to receive and pay out the notes of
non specie paying banks, being the special order
for Thursday last, should have precedence of the
veto resolutions, which were the special order for
Friday last, both having been postponed by the
di«cussion on the retrenchment resolutions. He
also made an appeal in behalf of the banks. The
controversy was put an end to by Mr. Clay, on
whose motion the District Bank bill was postponed
till to-morrow as a special order.
And the Senate proceeded to the consideration
of Mr Clay's jo nt resolutions to amend the Con-
stitution, by v sttng the appointment of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury and Treasurer of the United
States in the two Houses of Congress, by restrict-
ing the veto power of the President, and by ren-
dering Senators and Representatives in Congress
ineligible to civil appointment by the Executive of
the United States, during the whole period for
which they may be elected.
Mr. CLAY observed that he had considered the
subjtct in inference to the amendment suggested
by the Senator from Virginia, with regard to ex-
tending the time for the reconsideration of a bill
vetoed by the President of the United States, and
had come to the conclusion of accepting that mo-
dificatic n. His resolution on the subject of the
veto would, as modified, be to the effect that a bill
vetoed at one session *hould be deferred to the next
succeeding session, when, if again passed by a
majority, it shouid become a law, the objections of
the President notwithstanding
Mr BERRIEN, being entitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the Senate fot upwards of two hours;
chiefly confining himself to the subject of the veto
power. At the outset he stated that it was his pur-
pose to be as brief as the importance of the subject
would admit. In discussing the resolution m rela-
tion to the veto, he would treat it as modified at
the suggestion of the Senator from Virginia. Had
it not been so modified, he would have felt it neces-
sary to move such an amendment himself.
In the beginning, he would not recognise any
analogy between the ttibunitian veto of ancient
Rome, and the executive veto of this Government,
for reasons which he s'ated at considerable length;
neither would he recognise any analogy between
the veto of the BnUsh king and that of the Presi.
dent of the Um'ed States. His aim would be
to show that the veto power of the executive in
the Government, as it now exists, instead of being
limited, as some gentlemen argue, is absolute,
and more uncontrollable that trie veto in a monar-
chy.
He disclaimed ihe superstitious reverence which
is held up in lerrorem against amending ihe Con-
stitution, and argued Ihat this Constitution was
but the work of man, and bore in itself internal
evidence of the consciousness of its frameres that it
