ttffl&REsgKKNw mmn:
m
would, with time and experience, need modifica-
tion.
He next reviewed the arguments of those who
had preceeded htm in the discussion, and defined
bis position with regard to the nature of this Go-
vernment. He considered it a government of re-
straint as regards individual ; but as regards the
people, collectively, merely an expression of their
will. And with regard to the nationality of its
character, he maintained that it was indifferent, as
far as his definition went, whether it was consider-
ed the Governmotit of a nation or the Government
or a confederation of nation, for it must have an
individuality of will in either case. He viewed it
as a great corf oratioa—possessing a sort of legal
entity—a thing that is and is not—a State among
Stales—a ñau >n among nations—possessed of ac-
corded poweis—national in the exercise of those
powers—but, on returning them, denationalized.
This he considered us character, not only with
regard to external, but to internal powers.
The people had vested all hgislatve powers
in . Congress and had given the Executive
Department of the Government to the President,
but he maintained that the object, so far as regar. -
ed the delegation of legislative powers to Congress,
was defeated by the exercise of the veto power, as
that exercise practically, whatever may have been
the intention theoretically, resulted in controlling
and finally dictating legislation. The lnteguty,
capacity, and motives, oí the lepresentaüves oí the
people, to legislate according to the powers and prin-
ciples of the Constitution, could not be exceeded
by any integrity, capacity, or motives, of the Ex-
ecutive; therefore it never could be the intention of
the Constitution that he ihould control, mi late,
and dictate legislation. Besides, he argued that
would involve a principle to which the frame's of
the Constitution sere utterly hostile—'hat of vest-
ing too much power in one man. He further
argued lhat the Cons'itunon expressly ppromfd
the judiciary, the sup'eme tribunal, as the arbiter
of the constitutionalitj of all la&s jassed by Con-
gress; but the exercise of the veto power inter-
posed between the judges and the thing to be
judged, and cut it off from ever coming before the
on'y tribunal competent to decide upon its constitu-
tionality.
He next argued that the veto gave the Execu-
tive a double control over legislation. Without
it, through .he heads of Departments hold ng
their offices at his pleasure, he dictates, cr at
least initiates all laws for the canying on uf
the Goverrim"nt, as would be proved by refer-
ence to the statu'e boon, the greater part of
which was occupied with laws emanating fivm .he
Department'!. Tnis piobably cou'd not be nelpeu;
but it w?s interference enough with legislation
without the additional interference of toe veto
The influence of the veto, he conierdeJ, %ss se-
cret and silent—the consr-iousn-ss cf us power,
even when >t slep', operaung so a-> *o tnrow ¿11 ihe
powers of legisl aion into the handt. of ihe Execu-
tive, leaving Congress out hi  agent to cany out
his views. An absolute veto he considered le^s
exceptionable than s ica a vfo as existed in this
Government; for, it absolute, no Pr í'ent would
have the nerve to aj-ume the respor-b bili'y of exer-
cising it. He next combated, at grea' length, the
idea th?t Southern men ought to s.tand by the veto
power for their own sakes, let the ev Is attendant
upon u m other respec's be what they may He
maintained that before it could be cal'ed into u.e
for the piotcc'ion of the South, such a sta'e 01
things mud exist as wouid render it no moie than
a rope of spnd to bind this Union together.
When Mr BERRIEN had concluded,
Mr. CL'VY proposed a postponement i f the ft r-
ther considera'!^ ot the object to this day w.ek,
in order to give a tirnd, niw indisposed, an op-
portunity of speaking on it. The furthei conside-
ration ol the resolution was accordingly made the
special order for Fndfy next.
On motion, it was agreed, that when the Sen"te
adjourn it be to Mord ty next.
Mr. CLAY moved that the Seiate go into Exe-
cutive session for a few minute.3, to dispose of some
nominations on the table.
The Senate then went into Executive session,
and shoitly after adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Fridav, March 4,1842.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. THOMPSON of Indiana asked leave, at
this time, to introduce a resolution.
But Mr. SUMMERS,  who had risen immedi-
ately afier the  reading of  the Journal, and called
for the regular business of the morning hour, in
sisted on bin motion.
REPORT ON  RETRENCHMENT^
The unfinished  business of the morning ^iour
was the sixth  of the s ries of resolutions reported
from the Select Committee on  Retrenchment in
the following words-                                               \     ¡
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper be, and he is lequired, Ve /
quired to contract with some responsible person for the servicW
of the same number of horses and mail carts as aip now auth«
rized to be employed, on the best terms he may find practica
ble, the price m ei ther case not to exceed that now given for the
same services, to be kept mthe public stable, for the use of the
House, and that it be a part of the contract for the hiring of said
horses and mail carts, that the owner of said horses, during the
continuance of such conti act, shall take good care of the stable
and keep the same at all times in proper condition, lie paying no
rent for the same excep'Hiis caie an I safe keeping of the pro
perty, and receiving no compensation for such care and safe
keeping beyond the value of the use and possession thereof
during tne period of his contract, and that ourmg the recess of
Congress oi so soon as the use of such hones and carts can be
dispensed with the stable be closed, and remain undei the care
and superintendence of ihe Doorkcepci lo ihe House
Oimouoncsf Mr. SUMMERS, the resolution
was amended by striking out therefrom (he word
"deorkeep r," and inciting tht. word "postmaster."
And after a brief explanation between Messrs.
J  G. FLOYD and SUMMERS—
The question was taken, and the resolution,
without debate or division, was adopted.
The seventh resolution being under considera-
tion, in the following words, to wit:
Resolved, That hereafter all fuel, candles, and oil, purchased
fortheuse of the House be, and ihe same is hereby, doUaied
tobe in the care and custody of th  Dooi keeper, who is heie
by fnbic U-n to permit the same, or eulici oi my ptrt llineof
to be usedin the r'sttuiateurs attached to the Capitol, or for
any other purpose whatsoever, evcept foi the immediate use of
the House, us committees, om-ers, and membeis
No amendment was offered, and ihe resolution,
without debate or division, was adopted.
The cignth resolution being under consideration,
in the words fo Sowing, to wit:
Resolved, That the Clerk be, and he is heieby, authoraed, as
thcd.entol the House in hi  behalf, to purchase, on the best
tetms I p may fi id piacticabie su b stationery as n-ny be le
quisite for thi. use of the House mil the Cloi k's office, that he
cause tobeiecoided, in a well bound book suited to tint pur
pose,theblls aod in oicesol all the slauoneiy he may sopur
chase from time to time, and shall label file away, ind pre
seive in hsofh c, the ontrinalsol such bills and invoices, so
tint thesime may be it all times icadily lefuiutto that he
deliver tot' ePostirrster of ..he House sue t knds aid quanti
ties o. sun >nerv as horn inte to tune may be necessary for
the use of the House, keeping an atcurate account of the
same, and tlso of the qinntity and vi ue of that used in the
Clerk's office, and that hereafter, in the annual reports, now
required by law to be made by the Clerk, showing the amount
of expendltuie from the contm-iei t fund of the House, lie oe
requned to lateaccuiatcly and distinctly the t naiiuty and cost
of all tin sta loneiy used by the House ana the C lerk's office se
para el y
Mr SUMMERS mov-d to am=nd the resolu-
tion hj sinki g out the folio w i ,¿ tod: "And
shall bbel, file away, and p esctve in lis offi"e, the
or gimls of such bilis and livdces, s0 th^i the
same may be tt all 'itj"s r adily refeire 1 to "
Mr. S. cp'ained, as his rea on for proposing
this tiniendment, tnjt the bill were preserved on
file ft the Treasmy Department
Tie qi pstion being la'ren, the amen Iment was
agreed iO.
Mr WINTHROP moved to amend the ¡esolu-
tion by lrsertmg m (he fourth line, after the word
"office," t'i8 woids,
"C.ivinir piefuence m all!ca r to articles of American ma
nufoituie '
Mr. W. said he hoped hesi-oild not give occa-
sion to ?ny r otrac'ed d-ba'e ly moving ihis little
,-mer¡',m"t)t. He bad but feiv «w::s to say about
it hiv"c°lr WhiUver d fte'e"ces ofopmicn nvght
exist ps to the policy of prot-cting the fabrics of
our own ind.vstry by a"f'eii of d>scn n'n-itmgdu-
ties, he fought s'l would p?re? in the propriety rf
pa'romz rs thos-  fabrics, wherever it could be done
without dttriment to the public service. He could
not help thinking that it must have touched the na-
tional pnde of others beside himself, to see foreign
stamps Pn so many of the little articles of statione-
ry which were used by an American Congress. He
did not behev  it was Lecessary to send to Bag-
shaw, of Sheffield, to get knives good enough for
mending pens, paring apples, or whittling stick ,
whichever were the purpose for which they were
furmsbed. He thought we could procure steel
pens, too, at home as good as Gillot's or Wmdle's.
And he certainly hoped it would not be found ne-
cessary to send again to Rhoades.and Co. at Lon-
don to get a few sheets of paper and morocco made
ufi into a portfolio The paper which was sup-
plied us was already, he believed, ot domestic
f manufacture, and nobody complained of it. And
he feit sure that all the other articles of stationery
might be procured at home without any increase
of expense or any diminution of intrinsic goodness.
If there chanced to be a little less elegance of finish
or delicacy of ornament about them, there would
be the less temptation for an extravagant use of
them. Apart from any considerations of this kind,
Mr. W. said he thought that the purchase of all
this stationery at home would be no small security
against fraud. He had no design to impeach the
integrity of any of the Clerks of th.s House, pre-
sent or past; he had full confidence in, the fidelity
of the present incumbent of that office; but one of
the objects of these resolutions wa* to cut off op-
portunities of abuse. Now, every one must per-
ceive lhat the«e opportunities would exist to a
much greater extent if our stationery was pur-
chased abroad False invoices might be made out
by a collusion between the Clerk and the foreign
manufacturer, and coc uiissions to almost any
amount be pocketed by the Clerk, without the pos-
sibility of Detection. He hoped the amendment
would be adopled on this account, if on no ether.
Mr. SUMMERS inquired whether th® gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Wintbrop] intend-
ed that the American article should be procurad
without regard to cost or quality?
Mr. WINTHROP repli d that he should be wil-
ling, for one, lo have the amendment so construed
as to make the order ansolute upon ibe Clerk to
buy American s ationery exclusively. The domes-
tic competition would be sufficient to prevent any
difficulty from such a provision. But lae phrases
" on the best times he may find practicable," in the
original re^efution, and "giving preference," in the
amendment proposed, would undoubtedly leave the
Clerk a' lib'-tty to buy a 'cog ■ ¡¡rucie if an> con-
siderations of quahij of cost rendered l' necessary
to do so He was not aisposed, however, to en-
courage the Clerk in this course by making the au-
thority more explicit. He wished to insert in the
resolution an expression of deeided preference for
the home-made article and one which he hoped
would not be disregarded upon any light induce-
ment.
Mr. M. A. COOPER moved to amend the
amendment bp at'dmg t jeieto the foliewmg words:
' P-iovided, Thai they be equally chep and of as good qua-
lity
After a fe v brief remarks from Messrs. M. A.
COOPER, MORGAN, W. W. IRWIN, and ME-
RIWETHER—
The preiious question (onjmilly moved by Mr.
Irwin, but wiiLiiawn uy him, and renewed, on
pledge,   ly   Mr    Meriwether) was demanded.
And there Has a secoad.
And the mam question (being first on the
amendment to the ameiidnifiit) was ordered to be
taken
Mr D H LEWIS ? ', cd the yeas and nays on
th-1 aTierd.rient to trie amenoineni; which were
ordered, aad, 1 emg taken, were- jeas 98, noes 87.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to
And the q>iesf on then r-curred and was taken
on the rmendment of Mr. Winthbop, and it wes
agieed to.
And the reso'ution, as amended, was adopted.
And the mmh resolution beirg under considera-
tion m the words following-, to v/it
Resoled, That the Ponmastei of the Hot sebe and he is
htaeby authorized and requnul o deliver o cai-h membei of
the House the usual articles of sta ltneivnow f rni hed to the
members, toan amouut not exi ee nv m v ilue, at the cos [rice
m thestationety loom, thesum < i S^ifr ihe long sessiot, ant
820 for the short session of C mares mat he keep a true ard
accurate account of all sutioneiy vhich he may so Jeuver'o
