3§4   *
ihjsseverat members of the House; and if, in any case, a mem-
ber shall require and receive a greater amount of stationery
during either session than is above provided, the Postmaster
Bhall, before the close of such session, furnish to the Sergeam-
at.Arms an account of such, excess beyond the amount re*pec
tlvely above specified, who is hereby required to deduct the
amount ol s ch excess from the pay and mileage of such mem
bers, andrefuofl the same into the Treasury Provided That
this limitation is not intended to be made apphcabte to the use
of envelope paper which may be required m the folding room
Mr. JOHN T. MASON moved to amend the
resolution by striking out ail after the word "re-
solved," aod inserting the following substitute:
'That the Postmaster nf this ITouse he required to keep a
separate and correct account of the stationery of every kind
supplied to each member and officer of this House, and the
value thereof, and that he he required also to report the amount
of stationery thus supplied at the end oí each session of Gon
gress to this House "
Mr. HOLMES moved to amend the amendment
by striking out all after (he word "resolved," and
inserting the following:
"That no stationery be heieafter furnished to the members at
the public expense "
Mr. CUSHlNGr indicated his preference for the
proposition of the gemleman from South Carohna
[Mr. Holmes] over the three others. The en-
forcement ot any such resolution as that íeported
from the committee he regarded as an imputation
bn the honor oí the members of this House.
Against that imputation he protested. He hoped
the proposition of the gentleman from South Caro
lina would be adopted. That would be a real eco-
nomy, and would put an end to all the abuses re-
ferred to
Mr. HOPKINS did not concur in the opinion of
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr Cimiing]
that the resolution was an imputation or the mem-
bers of the House. He, Mr. H put it to that gen-
tleman to say whether there hid not been a waste-
ful me of the stationery of the House. If such
was the fact—if theie had been abuses—the ques-
tion arose natural y, Who had perpetrated them?
And this resolution 'lid no more than prevent ¡he
recurrence oí such abuses, without fixing an impu-
tation on any member rf the House. It was
known that <it present an imputation did rest upon
every member; but the resolution, so f,ir nam go-
ing to fix that imputation, uj¡on the members, was
calculated to remove it.
Mr H. though', however, that lhe,resolution of
the commit ee did injiisnce to the members, espe-
cially tnose wiio rud very heavy corresp mdtnee*,
&c tor ihe-r constituents, and b<ii«vul th.tt the
eyil would be efltoiual'y remedied by rdoj-nrtj; the
substitute propo ilion of the gentleman from Ma-
ryland, [Mr Mason ]
Mr llOL'vir.o uai urn? r-> >o , to chi.r ct*nzA
the rcxili" on a* 07 e ca'c, '.ttiil to put Ihe «sump
and scat o( tie Mou^e upon t"eiinpi,tiu"ns arjaipsi
the members, and 11 declare thai Co- gr-^s v as cor-
rupt; not 11 ot them, b'i  thai there were in the
body members so des'nute of mora! princip,a as to
steal the paper and sta'ione-ry which the people liad
provided for their usa; or, in o'her words to be
guilty of pdty luceny.
Mr. SUMMERS briefly vindicated the resolu-
tion of the committee, denying that its adoption
would lmnngn the honor oí any member, and as-
serting, on ih  romiary, that it furnished the most
effectual means of exonerating the House from
surh imDU'iitiOiis
Mr. b raovei'  the prei ici" qactun.
And th re was a second.
Bu',  'h * raoit, ns  hoar hiving   exp i"-d, Mr
GIDDii.Ga cu Í itr ihe pnv-tc crdei«of the
day
Mi GWiBLK -roved that th- ru'es in relation
to ¡he older oí hu mess ue suspended for the pur-
pose o' 'o redi <* wiih th° consul tatien of the te-
tjü'utioijs bt - „p th-  Hon
Afci&on-f i /ersp'ioi the question was taken,
and trie -n' t f'v th" rtquvite ath/raa'ive vole of
two thirds) >- e i    i.s-«.n('cl
And th= qiesiop t um-? on the rmcndmeit
to the amen Jim a —
Mr. HOLMCS ¡>ske < ih" >o?s ai d nays, which
were ordered, an ", b- he >t ken   «-ere as follows-
YfAS-Mes rs Adam fando'TW Vndievs, Attn-rtot),
Baker, Birnai 1, íi^eson, Bidia k liinn Brew ter Brockway,
Burke Burrell William O Butler Giecn W Ca .well, Pa
ttiek C Caldwell Calhoun, flimm !! Can pbi II (a
ruthers,Casey, < i Is, Clifford, Clinton, Colea, Jim «( ooper,
Cross,pushing, G. Davis, R 0 Davis, Daw.on, Dean Debeiry,
eOÍTCIEEsmoÑAi GLOBE.
Doan, Eastman, John C Edwards, John G Floyd, For
nance, A Lawrence Foster, Gerry, Gilmer, Goggm, Patrick
G Goode, Gordon, Granger, Green, Gustme, Gam, Harris,
Henry, Holmes, Hopkins, Hubard, Hunter, James Irvm,
Wm W Irwm, Jack, Lane, Lmn, Littlefield, I owe , Mc
Kay, MeKeon Mallor>, Alfred Marshall, Thomas F Marshall,
Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell, Medil I, Moore, Morgan, Plumer,
Pope, Reding, Rbett, Ridgway, Roosevelt, Wm Ru sell,
Jas M Russell, Shaw, Shepperd, Shields Simonton, William
Smith, Snyder, Steemod, Stokely, Jacob Thompson, Toland,
Trumhull, Underwood, Van Rensselaer Watterson,Westbrook,
Edward D White, Thomas W Williams, James W Wll
hams, James W Williams, Wise, and Augustus Young—98
NAYS—Messrs Sherlock J Andrews, Arnold, Aycngg,
Babcock, Baiton, Black, Boardman, Borden, Bowne, Boyd,
Briggs, Aaron V Brown, Milton Brown Jeremiah Brown,
William Butler, John Campell, Thomas J Campbell, Chap-
man, Chittenden, J C Clatke, Colquitt, Mark A Cooper,
Cowen, Cranston, Cravens, Doig, John Edwards, Egbeit,
Everett, Ferris, Fillmore, Charles A Floyd, Gamble, Gates,
Gentry, William A Goode, Habersham, Hall, Halsted, John
Hastings, Haya, Houck, Houston, Hudson, Charles J Inger-
soll, Joseph R Ingersoll, James, Cave Johnson, I ewis, Abra-
ham McClellan, Robert McCleUan, Samson Mason, John
Thompson Mason, Maynard, Meuwether, Morris, Ncwhard,
Oliver, Owsley, Parrnenter, Partridge, Pearee, Pickens, Pow
ell, Ramsey, Benjamin Randall, Alexander Randall, Randolph,
Rayner, Rencher, Reynolds, Riggs, Rodiey, Saltonstall,
Stratton, Alexander H H Stuart, John T «mart, Summers,
Sweney, Taliafeno, John B Thompson, Richard W.
Thompson, Tillmghast, Tomlmson, Priplett, Turney, Wal
lace,Warren, Washington, Christopher li Williams, Joseph
Williams, and, Winthrop—90
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
[Some desultory discussion here fol'owed on a
point of order, arising on a motion, indicated by
Mr. Wise, to reconsider the vote just taken; but it
led to no action ]
The question then recurring on the amendment
of Mr. John T. Mason, as amended by the amend-
ment of Mr Holmes—
Mr MASON asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and being taken, were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Adam , Allen, LandtffW Andrews, Ath-
erton, Baker, Barnard, Beeson, Blan, Brewster, Burke, Bur-
nt!!, William O Buller, Green W Caldvti.ll, Patiick C
Caldwell Calhoun, William B Campbell, Caruthers, Casey,
Chllda, Clifford, Clinton, Coles, T Cooper, Cross, Cushlng,
G Davis, Richard D Davis, Dawson, Bean, JDeberry Doan,
I.abtman, John G Floyd 1 ornanoe A L Postei, Geny, Gd-
mcl Goggm, P G Goode, Gordon G angtr Green, Gtibtine,
Owinn, John Histlngs, Henrv, Holmes, Hopkins, Hubard,
flunttr, June^ Tivin W W liwi , Andrew Keni edy,
Iin^, Lmn I itt!cu-dd Lowell, McKay MiKem, Mailory,
All red Mai sha 11 John Thomson Masin, Mulnot, Mauocks,
Maxwell, Medili „Moore, Morgan, Osbotne, Pope Re lm°,
Rlietl, Rilgwav, Roosevdt, Wiillan Russell Shaw, Shenperd,
htueld^, Simonton, Snydei, Steeniod, J t S-uait, Jacob
Thompson, Toland, Trumbull, Undeiwood, Van Rensselaer,
Wes^tbiook, Thomas W Williams, James W Williams,
/U'tiustus Young—*H
N V\-í—M-.«ts S J Andrews, Arnold Aycntrsr, Babeork,
Burton Biaek Biardman, Bndtu, Howne B -) I Hi c-g^, Aaion
V Blown Milton Brown, teremiah B own, \\ Inn HnUfr,
iohn Cfimpbtll, Thomas J   Cunpbell, Chapman, Chittenden,
I  ihn C Í lirk i olquitt, Mark A ( ooper, Cowen, t ran^ton,
< laven^i Dniii, Tolin Ldwa d , Lveie-t, rema, Fillmoie,
Thomas 1 foster. Gambit Gates, Gemry, Giddmj;s, Wil
liamO Goode Habersham,flail, Hlisted, Hays llouek, Hous
ton, ¡luisón, Chirles T Ingersil! Toseph it tngeisoll, Jan es,
\V n Coa- iohn-?-n Clvt,Jo'ins n, Lewis, L iraliam MoClel
Ian, Ro',ert MeC ellan stams,n-sjdeln ¡via>naid Menwethtr,
Morns, jSe\;ha^l Oiivei, Ow>!cy, Paimemei, Partridge,
Pearee Pickens Powell, Ramsey Benjamin Randall Alex
anderRnnlal! Raynei, Rencher, Reynolds, It ggs Rodney,
limes M Rus ell Saltonstall, fttaunders, Tinman Smith,
William Mm I Stokeiv, Siia'tnn A H It S naif, Summers,
teweney, Taitaleno, John 11 Thompson, Rl h ird W Th«mp
son, Tilimghast Tomlmso i, Tripittt, Tmnei Van Buren,
Warren, WaMnngton, J-. lward B. White, C li Williams,
Joseph L Williams, and Winthrop—95
So the amendment, as amended, was rejected.
And the question recurring on the adoption ot
ihe resolution—
Mr SUMMERS asked the yeas and nays, which
seie onie < rl, and, being taken, wjre as follows •
■yK-v1-—Messrs Adams, Alien, I andaff VV Andrews S J
Andiews \tnold Aiherton, Babcotk, Baker Barton, Bidtack,
Black, Blan, Bo-rlman, Boulen, Boyd Burgs, Biockway,
ast >a V Blown, Milton Brown, Teremiah Brown, Bmke,
Buiucll, W liiam llutlor, William O Buller, Oleen W Laid
well Patrick i Caldwell, Calhoun, John < ample!!, William
li ( unpboll, T I Canpbell, Ctrutheis, Cary, Casey, Chap-
man Clulds, Chuten len, John C Claik, Clifford Coles, Col
quit-, James Coopel Mark A Cooper, Cianston, Cravens,
t rosv, (.ariett JJavis, Dawson, Deberiy, Eastman John Ed
v uds Libert, Teiris, I illmo-e, A Lawlence Tester, Thomas
P F s er Gamble, Gates, rientiy Gerry, Giddings, Gilmer,
Goggm Patrick G Goode William O Goode, Goidia,
Giaiset Giee Cwin, Iiabprsham, Hall, Jjhn Hastings,
Havs   ITenty, Hopkins,   Houck,   Houston, Hubard, Huilson,
II   M T 11 Jiiter, Challes I Inguso'l lames tivin James Cave
1 ihnson Line, Levis I inn, Littleflell, I owe!!, Ab-aham
McCkllan Robert McClellan McKay, MeKeon Alficd Mar
shah, Samson Mason, ¡Eohtt Thompsm Mason, Math ot, Mat
toeks, Maxwell Meriwether, Mooie Moigan, Moiris j\ew
lianl, Oliver, O oorne, Owsley, Part icntei, Pattru'ge, Peaice,
Pieken , Pope Powell Ramsey Benjamin Randal), Alexander
Ran loll, Rayner, Reding Reiibh-1!, Reynolds, Ridgway,
lliggs, .tndney, Roosevelt, Wm Ru'sell, tames M Russell
Saltonstall, Saunders, Shaw, Sheppeid, Simonton, Truman
Smith, William Smith, Snyder, Steenrod, Stokely, Strat-on,
AlexanJer H  H Stuart, John T Stuart, Summers, Sweney,
,,s      r .......      ■.....m        ........s  ir-'    - ■            i       i      i  ^,i^m^a
Taliaferro, John B Thompson, Richard W Thompson, Jacofr
Thompson, Tillmghast, Toland, Tomlmson, Triplett, Trum-
bull, Turney, Undeiwood, Van Rensselaer, Warren, Wash-
ington, Watterson, Westbrook, Edward D White, Thomas
W Williams, Christopher H Williams, Winthrop, and Au-
gustus Young—lot)
NAYS—Messrs Barnard, Beeson, Bowne, Brewster, Clin
ton, Richard D Davis, Dean, Doig, Everett, John G Floyd,
Fornance, Gustme, Joseph R Ingersoll, Wm W Irwin, W.
Cost Johnson, John P Kennedy, Andrew Kennedy, Mallory,
Promt, Rhett, Rogers, and Joseph L Williams—22.
So the resolution Was adopted.
Mr. UNDERWOOD rose and said, he had been
informed that this resolution would considerably
increase the expense; and for the purpose ef as-
certaining that fact, he would move a reconsidera-
tion of the vote.
The moiion (not being pressed at this) was en-
tered on the Journal
The tenth resolution reported by the Committee
(hen coming up—
On motion of Mr BRIGGS, the funher eocsi-
stdeiation of the reported and resolutions was
postponed, for the purpose of proceeding to the
consideration of private business.
Mr. BARNARD asked leave to introduce a re-
solution.
Mr. G1DDINGS called for tBe orders of the
day.
Mr. BARNARD asked leave to read the resolu-
tion for information.
Objection being made—
Mr. BARNARD moved to suspend the rule,
with a view to have the resolution read, (claiming
the right under that motion )
And the resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk, under the direction of the Speaker,
be required to cause a measurement to be made of the floor of
this Hall, and a calculation based ttieieon, with a view to show
within what compass and circle, or space, in front of the
Speaker's chair, the members may be accommodated on conve-
nient seats, m case the desks of members as now used should
be dispensed "with, and that he submit astatement and report to
the House on the subject, with a proper diagram, at as early a
day as the Game may be prepared, and that the Clerk also
cause an examination to be made, and state to the House whe-
ther, in the case contemplated, sufficient and abundant space
may not be uhiown into a lobby beyond and around the new
bai, including the lobby behind the Speaker's chair, to accom
modate members with common ubles ior wilting and also with
a separate box or drawer for the nee of each member
Objection being still made to the reception
of ihe resolution, Mr. B. withdrew it for the pre-
sent.
On motion of Mr. GIDDINGS, the House re-
solved iticif m'o a Committee of the Whole, [Mr.
Casey of Illinois, in the Chair,] ior ihe purpose tf
resuming ihe consideration of the priva'e calen-
dar—[under the lule of the House providing that
on the first and fourlh Friday of every month the
calendar of private bill shal1 be called over, and
those to which no objection is made shall first be
disposed of.]
Mr. UNDERWOOD asked the commifee to
take up bills rela mg to ihe claims of two certain
indigent  ladies  m this District.
But objection being made, the committee pro-
ceeded m the regular order cf ¡he calendar.
Ihe following bills were then read by the Clerk,
and, not boms objected to, were laid aside to be re-
ported to the House:
A bill for the relief of the representatives of Wm.
D. Cheever.
A bdl for th- relief of the legal representatives
of Col. Wm. Pia't
A bill for the relief of Frederick Hopkins.
A bill m favor of El en Turney.
A bill for the relief of Joab Hawkins
A bill for the relief of Wm Harper.
A bill fot the tPlief of Wm. Fdzgerald.
A bill for the relief of David Freeiove.
A bill granting a pension to Saraa Decker, wi-
dow of Samuel Decker deceased.
A bill f- r the leliet of Mary Campbell, widow
of John Campbell.
A bill for the relief of Huldah Fsrlow.
A bill for the relief of Esther Parro't.
A bill for the relief of Maria Fowler.
A bill for the relief of Clarnssa Turney.
A bill for the relief cf Elizabeth Gresham, wi-
dow of George Gresham.
A bill for the relief of the heirs, of Joseph
Plumb.                                                              r
A bill for the relief of Joel Tiffany
A bill fur the relief of Mary Francis.
