§06
CONGBEiÉSSÍONAl* GLOBE.
three millions on tea and coffee, and includes them
m his computations It then became a question
whether tea and coffee should be taxed three mil-
lions, or 'he proceeds of the public lands, quite
equal or more, sbottld be restored to the Treasury,
instead of that new  ax. We did not need toth items.
Both would give seven millions m addition to the
20 per cent, without them; which was nineteen or
twenty-two milkon"?, as differently computed. He
maintained that one of them when added, ought to
leave a surplus at the end of the year. And the
aext question Was which it should be? Let the
country and the Senate decide between them. The
tax on tea and coffee is antagonist to the distribu-
tion of the land , and one or the other must yield
Mr Woodbury here took a cursory revew
of the eon„equences of distribution and the pro-
priety ot restoring the land fund to avoid the ne-
cessity f ^r taxation to that amount He maintained
that the pov «r gianteJ in the Constitution over the
public lands, was a po • er to sell ihem and not to
give them a ay He would take back the hnd
fund, because there was no authority m the Con-
stnut on togne t to the States, either for purpo es
of local g vcnmr-it, or for the purpose of paying
the debts or the States
He would take back lac lasd fund, because there
is no poser m the Constitution which authorizes
a po1 cy of favcutistn to anyone class of citiz ns
over another By giving away the lands a neces-
sity is created for increased taxation, operating
d rectly or indirectly as an additional protective
duty for -he benefit of manufactures, and at the
expense of consumers. It is a source of tempta-
tion which ou?ht not to be thrown out by Govern-
ment. Pro ection of this kind is worse than dis-
crimination, as the amount of taxes is greater on
the people, but in the aggregate both are bad in
pru ciple It i-, altogether contrary to me spirit of
the taxing power, to use it so as to build up any
ore occupation or bianeb. of industry, the m'erest
Of one class of the community, at the expense of
another One oranch ot industry is pat into a hot-
lied, and every other left <o straggle for itself Had
Congress forgotten the duties of 1824, rang-
ing from twenty five to fifty per cent? JJid that
satisfy this voracious appetite for protection? Did
the country prosper then? One gentleman says it
did; bus tht mover of the resolutions h mself,
m his speech of tint u.ie, lepresented truly the
horrois and desolation which hung over the
couBtry under th«t protect vesyetem, till |it broke
down uncier its own weijh'.
He enumerated «everal grounds of objection to
the di tribution bofh in point of expediency and
ot the Codsti ttio>), which we must now omit.
Ho nex adverted to the arguments on the other
sido, ilia ii wai be 'ei *o r-He th" Uxes, than re-
call the lands, b eau«e u would tend to keep specie
in the country H" was ">'ad gentlemen on ih tt
side had heeome converts to specie and the specie
paying notes, instead of their Messedpiper credit >p
tem.
After dweiimg on thu, he said facts showed the
reverse of their reasoning. Tnetmpoits of specie
darti;  the la.t twenty 5ears, have bten governed
b> ih<  fluctuations of nade, but tht balance re-
r 11 no > in fie county has been five millions
mnri annupuy since tl,e iai ff has begun to fall,
wat a they v< .e 0 v me a > 1 a ha t and three mil-
lions wh     i>   iar fr was ti ghiot
iiere *e quoted the («hies 11 mporls ard exports
or 3 suLj c "\ mvc ferk of speci°de, enr1-
f if eeper a>"4 ^ider cause1 The ímreise of
WJiti ■" "¡d excha.ige ot nroduc s, augmented
th auount 01 speci". Restrictions, mere baiter,
he ijvf a ta'e < f cumrre te, ltqoi ed least specie
In the a ost(u -nierci.il cot ntn s,like England ant
Fine
the  í   co'at fig  m^d:
Next he contended that the imports from Eng-
land in times of low tariff were less compared with
our exports, than in times of high tariff. It was
just the reverse of what hid been argued on the
other side He held in his hand the tables, and
though it is said often that England takes nothing
of us, yet add fifteen per cent to our exports there,
which is their increased value, and she takes
more of us than we do of her.
The true rule is, however, to sell where most can
be got, and to buy where least is to be paid The
lowest state of civilization is mere barter; but in
civilized communities, specie, or its equivalent,
is the medium of regulating commerce.
It was further maintained that ii the tariff was
not raised to a protective standard, the cotton
staple of this country would be excluded from
En land by the cotton ot India.
It had been stated that, in ten years, there was
an increase of twenty-three millions of pounds
of cotton imported into England from India,
and that this Was alarming. But what were
the cotton exports ^from ihis country m four
years beiore 1830, inclusive, compared wi h
the tour previous to 1840, inclusive' The in-
crease had been not twenty-three million", out
1 131 millions. The augmentation in the grow h
here had been still greater. This was fifty times
greater than the increase of exports from India
to Enaland So our exports of 1840 exceded tho e
of 1830 quite four hundred and forty five mil
lions, or twenty times as much as the increase
from India to England
No, sir, said Mr. W. let nature, climate, skill,
and taste, seek profits and employmen s, and pro-
ducts untaxed Who can compete with China m
teas' Italy m salt' Turkey m drag ' The S< mh
in cotton? Tne North m hay, ft«h, wool, an 1 ice?
Let as pause, and not chain our own enterprise
an I perveit our own national advantages.
After farther illustrations, he said the time for
action had a'nved—a message had bien sent to
the other House indicating thirty millions of or-
dinary expenditure this year, and recommending
larger loans. We are on the brink of a second
bankruptcy in the p-c&ent yetr—a volcano is
before us, if we do not begin forthwith to retrench,
and retrench largely. Without taxing tpa and
coffee, we then will have tnough, n rtcallng the
lands. Put on inn tax too if necessary, bat not
without, and you have a larae surplus to meet all
proper contingencies, without go ng -ibove 20 per
cent and violating sacied compromises
[The foregoing 1  gi ven as a mei - running sk< tfh
of this important speech, which w.ll be puMi h¡=d
in full as soon as it can be isnt'en out fu4 ¡ne
press J
Mr. SIMMONS obtained the Í1 or, but gave way
'ora   motion  *o go mtj  an Executive   session
which pievaileo, and after soai" time intnt there-
in,  the doors were opened, tnd the  ¡>na e  ad-
j u^ned
mm—specie,   or  its
eqmaltnt—w.s njitten to twenty dol'ars per
head, but in Pp_m and in Ras ia, less comm r
cií>1, i  ivas 0 1!/ fur to ix dollars per head S! ut
ourselves op > h gh da .e-, or pron bitions ci 'iip-
j g us up, end pursuing tne Chinese or Japtne e
} ol cy, and specie becomes still smaller in amo nl
per head, and all >vages and prices miserably In
We want ireedom and equality for all kinds of 1--
duary and trade. We omit much said to il!u>tn<tc
hi .
! an impel
HOUSE Or REPRINT \TATI\ E-
Thursday, March 10 1842
1 le 1 nirnal ofyester ay was lead and approved
Mr   BO \ttDMAN asited leave to pie ent a petition
Mr FILLMORE objected, anil moved that tie Hou e le
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of tne
Union
Mr VI \13 ORY asked leave at this time to make
tint íepoit from the 1 ommutee on Naval Afitn
Objected to
GENCllAI APPROPlUATiO\ BILL
The motion tl Mr Fillmore having been ig ced to th?
House 10 lived itself into Comn ntce of lit  Whole on tht. late
of the lit on (Mi Biuoos uf M i sichusetls m the cb^n ) and
le anted lie congelation 01 the bill makng a¡tiu¡iani
I t h   civil ml diplomat cexjensesol the Government oi the
jet) 1H¿
When tin, comm ttot. rose ycste.day the fol owiig ttcm «as
under congelation
'^ i 1 > Toi n ciden tl and o tingent expendes eC the De
partment uf (state mc udlug publibhtng and di tnbuiir"* ihe
law   2o000 '
Whichllom had lieretofore been amended on til molí m of
Ml Til m pl (made under tie iiie„ ion of the t mou tee of
\Va>sand Means )fy the ad htion of the ollown a ptovi^o
Pt iv led that the job pmtirtr, statioiery ar | bindm" of
euh ot the E\ecutive I)e| aitments shall, until < herwse'd
ifc ed bv law be iurm lied by contrae propon i for which
shall be regularly advertí edfot m the public pmt* the classes
cl -* ratter anddescnption of the printing bein£ specified m each
advertisemelt, a fai as that can be done, and it b <* m<- ie t
t indiuon in ail caae=> unl es otherwise spec fically taied n the
alvei isement that tne woik shall be done m the city of Wash
inotoi nd [lie con ract shall m eich case so far the piojosa!
au icccptauceshall enaole Ihe contract to be made, be  iven to
the lowest bidder, whose bid shall be accompanied witlrrJro-
pei testimonials of the ability of the bidder to fulfil hie con-
tract"
To this item, as heretofore amended by the adopMon of the
above proviso, Mr Wise had yesterday movej an amendment
to strikeout ítom theñlieenth clause ol the bill, as amended
on the motion of Mr I itimore all after the word "lawa " m
the seventy seventh line andmsert m lieu thereof «he words
"twenty four thousand five hundted dollars,' so that it will
read—
1 Tor incidental and contingent expenses of the Depart
partment of State, including publishing and distributing the
laws, 831,500 "
Which amendment Mr Carothees had moved to amend
by strikms out' $24 000," so that the uem would read as fol-
lows
' For incidental and contingent expenses of the Depart-
ment of btate, including publishing anddisinbuting the laws,
$500"
And the question being on the amendment to the amend-
ment—
Mr GENTRY, who was entitled to the floor, addressed the
c mmittee (undei some mtenuptions on points ol ordei) at
con&ider tble length
He said that the immediate object of the amendment to the
amendment seemed to be to get rid ol all the items which pro
posed appropriations for coi tingem purposes while the object
oí the amendtretit of the eentlemati liom Virginia [Mr Wise]
was to stnke out the pioviso winch tad been offered by the
chalí man ot the Committee of Ways and Means—the effect of
which proviso wa  to limit Executive discretion upon expendí-
tu i e^ of appropriation which miarht be made of a contingent
chatactei 101 the vamu* Depáitments of the Government.
Tfie ques ion was a bioal one, and opened the whole question
of contlngen expendituies a  connected with the seveial De
partuients of [he Govemmert But theie vteie collateral ques
tinus which gentlemen had ajsoai ht to discussm connection
with this subject                    f
Mr G here alluded moie paittculally to the object of the
amendment ol Mi Wise whicn ted to some evplanations be
tween Mi G and Mi \\   on that point
After which Mr G proceeded toremaik that the fcusrgestion
of t e gentleman from Viiginm, as he (Mi G ) understood it,
would conveit the reform jjUnch the Wing party were contend-
ing loi intoacoiitingt,ncy|depctding on the fate of hisamerd
nent The propel modeiifrefoim was to strike out all items
o! contingent appro na isn,and toreiei them io the Committee
of Wavs and Means, wit|instiu!-uons to inquire how far they
miCTht be reduced and \fhat was the best mode of limiting and
defiung Executive diactetion m lela ion to the same This
was a i object of easy accomphshmer t, and would give rise to
i o delay fie undeisto id that the Wh g | any were denounced
by the gen leman fioiii\iigiiiu because they caused delaym
the passageof ihisbi lb) ins stin^onaicfor n to which they,
as well as the gentleman from Virginia were pledged, m re
tamu g the pioviso wmch that genileiran sought to strike out,
anl which was analogous iti one that had been supported by
that gentleman w ien Mi Van tiuien was in power Tne best
time for carrying out this letoim wa  when they had their
handson the pur^e stnngs if the na ion lie had understood
that those whoweienow in power came into power promising
a i ongst other things, to cleanse the Augean stable* ol this Go
vernment It was to be suie, a Heiculean abor It was
known that those stables contained the accumulation of the
filth of years Eveiy 1  nnes«eean w«s fond ol fine horses, and
knew s-iii ethmg ol sables and they knew that the best mode
of ptevenui g au accumulati n of filth wis not to allow a sur-
plus of pio\endei Let his sur, Ills money be withheld, or,
atal event let the bill be sent back to ire Committee of Ways
and Means, to see to what ex ent Lxecuuve di ttetion mi"ht
belimi ed, md to what extent these contingencies might be de-
duced
lie had been under the impie lontlat tl e olject contempla
ted by his colleague [\Ii Cari THpr  ] in his amendment, had
a leady been accomplished by a motion heretofore made by
him, (Mi G ) and sustained by a large vote of the House, in-
structing thecommi tee to strike out every item of appropria
tionnotpiovidedfoi oy existing lass In doing this he had
merely transcribed a lu'e ol this riou e adopted m the year
183*, wh chwas m the loMowipa woids
No appropria ra hail be reported n such general appro
pi ation bills or be n on'er as an amendment thereto lor any
e> ¡ en lit ne i ou pieviously authopzed by law '
T siule he supi o ed, hi betn f ui d inconvenient and
hence ( n l lie 13th ot May, íaíS an anienüment had been made
to tnat íule m the lolloping words
Im esa in co itmuation of ai ¡ lopnations for such public
woiks and bj^cts as aic til^aoy in ¡ i igre * and foi the con
tmgtncies for cairyng on the several Departments of th Go.
veinment"
His obje t m the notion he had male ot f rmei day was
tocar ymisf iincii >. back to what the it c I IS. 7 mi>-nded it
should be mu that was the | recise lmgtiag of the mt non he
ha 1 male Ihe let ei ei d «pint ol uatresolulioi01 instructions
t j the committee teq u el ne ha r wittou the formality of a
vote to stune out ftom ti is bi vei> i sm ofappropnationnot
ptovided oi )> exisi g t i lie ool it that theie could be
li > controversy   n tha ¡out
A 1 art ol the ltt n ol ap io|r«un of s2a 000 now under
i oi il laiioi, was ie uii.1 le bclie\c! to canv into effect
nex i gUwiureli i it the j rin ngofthe laws Hence
he Hal lot in this ten ral el tie ju  tiou ol older but he in-
te ledh ieai ei o nil llu join aru o call on the Chair to
decide II
Wha were the reís in f i su h a cour«e' Will out goin 
into the g neril ub ct I tl e abuses com ecu. 1 with these con°
tu"enti|po nans In ud as what remtdj should be
it oiirlioi s,i iid tl e UciUsof Depanmems be co¡ suited?
Tl e Chan n- an j! tí c Í omu it ee ol Ways and Meas s had at
rea > s a t d that all tti pc items of a¡ pio¡ ría ion w re m con
foiunty with eatimilc    i  ni    he I)ef tr ne         ií Cm^ress
gave al tl ey w }hc I aieduition wou'i nf vtr take, ace* If
ibistsdlexil ardifto ie«s was tj win ur til su «eoUons
caincli m tlie Dtpan rert  i i cu i cu " they t ouldwait for
ever An 11 aving t o iea nable right t exi eci ihc co opera
iioioftheE ecutlver>e¡Ji nent oí t eG \cinment in the re
form to which the niaj ri y indtheini nty t j ji this House
were p  dged, it w s he duty of Coi =.eos to watch well and
vigilantly these contingent appropriation  to withhold them
w hen they were not demanded by Hie public service, andwhen
ihey had reason to know that the liberality of Congress in these
