me-
Second, to prevent any thing being done in fur-
therance of those measures and that policy during
the present session. -
The ground taken by the mover of these amend-
ments seemed to hrm (Mr. S.) mainly t© be, that
the restoration of the land fund to the Treasury
would not only 'obviate all necessity for an in-
creased tariff, but ought, after due economy and
retrenchment, to produce a surplus, and that the
distribution of that fund was improper, impolitic,
and unconstitutional.
He considered the propriety and policy of that
measure had been fully established by the Sena-
tor from Indiana, [Mr. Smith,} in bis remarks the
other day. The constitutionality he (Mr. Sum-
mons) argued at large from the titles of acquisition,
tinder which the General Government held the
public domain. From the nature and intent of
those titles he deduced the right of national legis-
lation to dispose of the lands, and, consequently,
of their proceeds, in the way most desirable to
those from whom they were acquired.
"With regard to the dependence to be placed by
Government on the sale of lands for revenue, be
argued, that in the nature of ihings it would be an
uncertain and fluctuating source; failing when
most needed, and abundant whe,n not wanted. In
proof of this, he asserted that m times of excited
prosperity, when commerce would be fill-
ing the Treasury with revenue from duties,
,the public land sales would be at their maximum
in cotsequence of the abundance oí means to pur-
chasej and when commerce would be depressed by
a reverse, and distress became general, the reve-
nue from duties would dwindle down to an insuf-
ficiency for the supply of the Treasury, and, as a.
necessary consequence of the prevailing distress
and scarcity of money, the receipts from public
lands would become merely nominal, yielding no
relief wha'ever to the Treasury. Hence he argued
that that fund ought never to be relied on for reve-
nos, and that dunes on imports were the only
source to which the public Treasury should look
for a sufficient surplus m prosperous times to ba-
lance deficits in times of distress, and in the pro-
gress of ordinary business, to obtain a revenue cor-
responding with the wants of Government.
He observed that the Senator from New York
[Mr. Wbioht] had complained very much of the
statement made by the Senaior from Kentucky,
[Mr. Clay,] that the aggregate expenditures of tbe
"Van Buren administration exceeded one hundred
and forty millions of dollars, averaging for the
four years thirty-five millions a year. The Sena-
tor from New York made his calculation at one
hundred and eleven millions, giving an average of
twenty-eight millions.
He admitted that the Senator's defence of the
late Administration was able and ingenious, parti-
eularly with regard to the average expenditure of
twenty eight millions a year. But it remained to
be seen whether facts justified the Senator's argu-
ments or not. The Senator maintained that the
highest expenditures were those caused by the sur-
plus revenue. Now he, (Mr. Simmons,) main-
tained that it was after the disposal of the surplus
revenue; and that the very first act of the late
Administration on coming into power, was to pro-
vide means—
Mr. WRIGHT interposed to correct the Sena-
tor as to what he had said. It was that the action
of Congress during the last four years of the pre-
ceding Administration had been induced by the
surplus revenue; and if he had labored to prove
any thing at all, it was, that during Mr. Van
Buren's Administration a reduction from the ex-
travagant expenditures induced by the surpl'is
revenue, was continually going on, and had been
practically efficient, still they came down from
thirty-one millions to twenty-two and a half mil-
lions.
Mr. SIMMONS, ¡a continuation, admitted that
the first four years of General Jackson's go-
vernment were administered with exemplary
economy, and that it was during ihe last four
years his Administration was obnoxious to the
charge of excessive expenditures.
' Mr. WRIGHT, from his seat, askedwas not the
extravagant expenditure of the Government during
eONGRESMONAt, 6M)BÉ;
the last four years of General Jackson's adminis-
tration the nucleus of the whole charge of. extra-
gance?
Mr. SIMMONS, after dwelling at considerable
length on the expenditures of the last Admi-
nistration, during which he was occasionally in-
terrupted for explanation and correction by Messrs.
WRIGHT and WOODBURY, proceeded to
review the mam resolution, that the tariff should be
raised to supply a revenue of twenty-six millions.
He argued that to do ihisj would be so far from an
infraction of the compromise act, that it was now,
at tbe expiration of the ten years, actually called
for by the spirit and intention of the act, and that it
was due to the tariff party, the concessions being
mutual between it and the free-trade party, that a
just parallel should be drawn between the
circumstances in existence at the time of
the compromise and the circumstances now
relatively considered. For instance, when the
Compromise act passed, the expenditures of the
Government were but fifteen millions; and judging
by that ratio, with all allowances for increase of
population, it was agreed by both parlies that
twenty per cent, at the end of the ten years, on
the imports of that day, augmented by the esti-
mated increase in the ratio it had been advancing,
would yield ample means for the administration of
the Government. But such had not been the case;
and it was now found that a just parallel would
require thirty per cent, duty, instead of twenty,
and that would be in full accordance with the spirit
and intent of the Compromise act. He further
argued that the full establishment of the home
valuation policy, at tbe end of the ten years, was
a principal feature of the terms of concession
made by the tariff party.
Among other remarks Mr. Simmons stated that
the Seriate called upon the Treasury Department
last winter for a plan as to the home valuation,
but obtained in reply only one for foreign valua-
tion. He further said that Mr. Woodbury, some
years ago, slated the revenue from customs at
about eleven millions, when the Register lately re-
ported them at thirteen; and in several estimates,
made concerning future expense , and parucu
larly receipts, he [Mr. Woodbury] had net guessed
so near as to make his estimates valuable—the
real receipts having afterwards come in much
larger,
Mr. S. argued at some length in favor of a pro-
tective tariff and of home valuation, contending
that both principles were conceded by the iree trade
party in yielding 10 the compromise act. He re-
plied to some declarations by Mr. Calhodm at a
previous day, that the principles of home valuation
were at war with the Constitution, and charged
that Senaior with having voted in favor of an
amendment introduced by Mr. Clay to the Com-
promise act, in favor of home valuation.
Mr. CALHOUN said, he had always been so
earnestly opposed to ihe system of home valuation,
that he was under the impression he had not voted
for that provision in the bill. He found, however,
upon referring to the register, that he had voted
for it, and the considerasion which had induced
him to do so he also found there. He had been,
and still was, of the belief that the provision re-
quiring that the violation should take place at each
port where the articles was shipped, could not be
carried into practice, because it would be mani-
festly unequal. He read the declaration which
he had made when he gave the vote.
"The question being then about to be taken on
Mr. Clay's amendment,
'Mr. Calhoun remarked that the question
being now about to be put on the amendment of-
fered by the Senator from Kentucky, it became
necessary for him to determine whether he should
vo'e for or against it. He must be permitted
again to express his regret that the Senator bad
thought proper to move it. His objection still
remained strong vgainst it, but as it seemed to be
admitted, on all hands, that the fate of the bill
depended on the fate of the amendment, feeling
as he did a solicitude to see the question terminated,
he had made up his mind, not however without
much hesitation, not. to interpose his vote against j
the adoption of the amendment; but in voting for
'  '                  ■'       ' .....—" t.....- """a¿5
it, he wished to be distinctly understood; he did it
upon two conditions; first, that no valution would
be adopted that should come in conflict with the
provision in the Constitution which declares that
duties, excises, and imposts shall be uniform, and in
the next place, that none would be adopted which
would make the duties themselves a part of the ele-
ment of a home valuation. He felt himself justified
in concluding that none such would be adopted, as it
had been declared by the supporters of the amend-
ment that no such regulation* was contemplated;
and, in fact, he could not imagi'rie that any such
could be contemplated, whatever interpretation
might be attempted hereafter to be given to the ox-
pression of the home market. The first could
scarcely be cetnlsmplated, as it would be in viola-
tion of ihe Constitution itself; nor the latter, as it
wcold, by necessary consequence, restore the very
duties which it was the object of this bill to reduce,
and would involve the glaring absurdity of impos-
ing duties on duties, taxes on taxes. He wished
the reporters for ihe public press to notice particu-
larly what he said, as he intended his declaration
to be part of the proceedings "
"Believing, then, for the reasons which he had
stated, that it was not contemplated that any regu-
lation of the home valuation should come in con-
flict with the provisions of th« Constitution which
he had cited, nor involve the absurdity of layiDg
taxes upon taxes, he had made up his mind to vote
in favor of the amendment."
The point for which h& contended was, that ycu
cannot strike an average, or make an artificial
valuation; and lhat, consequently, the provisions
of the bill were altogether impracticable, and there-
fore inoperative. He would not enter into a con-
sideration of the proposition for heaping duties
upon duties. He trusted neither the honorable
Senator for Kentucky, nor any other, would ven-
ture to advocate so preposterous a doctrine.
Mr. CLAY remarked that the Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] had voted for that
provision in ths Compromise act, which establish-
ed the system of home valuation. He did so with
a protest, it is true, but yet he voted for it, and it
appeared that when he voted for it, it was with tbe
expectation that it would not be carried into ef-
fect.
Mr. CALHOUN.   That it could not.
Mr. CLAY. And therefore would not. It was
true that the Senator from South Carolina had
said that he was opposed to the home valuation,
and that he persisted in that opposiúon; and it was
also true that he (Mr. Clay) had come into the Se-
nate on the morning on which the vote was taken
upon the passage of the bill, in doubt whether they
were to have the vote of the honorable Senator in
favor of the bill or not. The Senator" from Virgi-
nia, [Mr. Rives,] he recollected, had said that
whatever would satisfy his friend from South Ca-
rolina upon ihe subject of home valuation would
satisfy him also. But that which he (Mr. Clat)
rose now for the purpose of stating, wat—and he
wished to do it in the most solemn and impressive
manner—lhat although he did not attsch so much
importance to lhat provision as seme of his hono-
rable friendo seemed to do, yet he firmly believed
that the bill never could have been passed without
the insertion of the clause in question.
He did not intend to discuss this subject ?.t pre-
sent; but he would merely say that it appeared to
him it must be perfectly manifest that the home
valuation was altosether indispensable. Hew
could they exprct, while the valuation took place
at Liverpool, at Manchester, and at every town in
Europe, where our trade was carried on, that they
would receive any other than fa!-e and fraudulent
reports? It should be done by our own officers,
and under the snnervision of our own law*. It
would be time enough to discuss ¡he practicability
of vome valuation when that subject came up in
the report of the Senator from Virginia. At pre-
sent he should forbear entering into its considera-
tion.
Mr. CALHOUN said he would admit lhat the
provision of home valuation had been made a part
of the Compromise act, and that he had voted for
it; but as regarded that vote, he would merely say-
that he had acted entirely in good faith throughout
