edimRESSiOlfAi* 6Í0BÉ.
Mb
faith, pass a law to affect sales which have been
made; but there could be no objection to giving
power to the State to act upon the subject, should
its Legislature deem it expedient.
Mr. WHITE observed, that although it was said
to be a matter which concerned no other State
than Illinois, he could not regard it in any other
light than as affectiffg the interests of the States
generally, in a pecuniary point of view at all
events. It would apply at all svents to the cir-
cumstances of all th<? Stales except two, Michigan
and Arkin«as. And be would repeat here what
he had sa d on a former occasion, that he believed
no State wa« a gainer by this sort of compact for
refraining from taxation for five years. He (Mr.
White) was opposed to a partial policy in refer-
ence to the several States, and he could see no good
reason for departing from the course hitherto pur-
sued by the Government with regard to the new
States. He did not regard this altogether as a lo-
cal matter, and looking upon it in this light, he
would move that the bill be recommitted t-j the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. KING said he certainly thought that the
Senator should abstain from jaising unnecessary
objections to the passage of this act, which was
asked for by the State of Illinois, and which could
not, in his opinion, affect other States in any de-
gree whatever. It did not aik to violate any
provision hereto/ore made. It had been repre-
sented, and he believed truly, that a large por-
tion of the lands of that State hsve been
purchased, and are held, by non-residents. And
why should they be permitted to hold ibem for
the period of five years without being amenable to
the State for taxes, while those who purchased five
years before are liable to pay taxes'! As to the
question of disturbing vested right?, he thought that
the rights of the States deserved to be regarded quite
as much as those cf md.vidua!?: it world be ü mat-
ter for the consideration of the State L-gisiattre.
Alabama was content to let things go on as they
had, as the greater part of the lands in that State
had been disposed of, but if Illinois desired to tax
her lands, he conceived ¡hat no good reason could
exist for restraining her from doiag so, except it
were to favor those who intended to purchase with
the view of selling at an advanced price before the
expiration of the five years.
Mr. CLAY said the morning hour had expired,
and calied for the orders of the day.
RETRENCHMENT AND REFORM;
The Senate then took up the resolutions of Mr.
Clay, to increase the tariff abov| the maximum
of the compromise act; to repeat |hat provision of
the Distribution act, which requires itsf-opr-iatioa
to be suspended if a duty of more than 20 per cent.
be demanded to support the GjvernJnenl; to re-
trench and economize the expenses of Government.
To which Mr. Wright had p-j^pced amend-
ments—in favor of practical eeooojhy, by abolish-
ing useless offices; by lopping off all unnecessary
expenses ia Congress and al! the Departments cf
the Government; and by repealing the Distribution
act, so as to render any increase of the tariff above
the compromise act, o"r any new burdens on the
people, unnecessary.
Mr. EVANS, in continuation  of his remarks
of yesterday, addressed the Senate for nearly three
hours and a half.    He first  recapi'nlated the de-
ductions at which he had arrived  when he left off
yesterday.   In restating the  tah'e of exports and
imports for the two periods of ten years eac'=-, from
1820 to 1839 inclusive, and from 1839 to 1340 in-
clusive^ he had, he trusted, given sufiieient data to
show that ninety-eight millions was th? average of
exportable commodities for the second period of
ten years.    But he was willing to go to on- hun-
dred and   five millions, though he  thougnt  that
quite too much.   He had argued, he hoped sue
cessfully, yesterday, to prove that ten per cent.
would be enough to add for profits in order t.-> as-
certain the imports; and he awimed that one hun-
dred and five millions would be the utmost amount
of imports for years to come.   He sincere.y trusted
the imports would fall far below that, for he sgreed
with those gentlemen who were continually preach-
ing economy, that it would be better for the coun-
try to retrench.   The Senator from South Caro-
lina allowed a dedec'ion of seven millions for in-
terest of foreign debt, and three and a half mil-
lions for free articles, leaviag out specie; i-nd this
deduction is ten and a half millions, leaving a ba-
lance in round numbers of one hundred and fi'/e
millions of imported dutiable articles, and that, at
twenty percent, giving twenty-one millions of dol-
lars of revenue. But taking off one and a half
millions for collection and bounties, the nett leve-
nue would be but nineteen and a half million--,
falling shori between two and Ihree mi'lions of the
amount necessary to pay the ordinary expenses of
Government.
Tub Senator from South Carolina might thit.k
this estimate of irapor's too lew, and therefore fvr
the sske cf argument, hi woutd estimate the im-
ports at one hundred find iwenty millions; bu' in
thf-t case he would ask much larger deductions
than the Senator had gr n!e.l. H<? would, how-
evei, take Senator's estimate of seven millions
for the interest on the indebtedness of the States
abroad; and would assume twenty wiliions for the
free list, including specie; making twenty seven
millions; which, deducted from the one hundr-.-d and
twenty millions, would leave ninety three millions;
and that at twenty percent, duty, would give a
gross tevenue of eighteen and six-tenjhs millions.
Take from this one and a half million (or collec-
tion and boun'ies, as before, and the nett revalue
would he but teventeeu and two-tenths mfiions,
falling short six millions of the sum ncce'sary to
meet th-; ordinary expenditures of the Govern-
ment,                                                                        i
He did not attach to the plan of the home j
valse so much importance as other geqilercea: he
thought it in a graft meas'iie impracticable- and
even if it was capable of beirg carried out, the
effect would be, m some measure, to diminish im-
portations, and, consequently, the amount of re-
venue.
He had shown that h:3 conviction was ¡hat the
oidiaiiry expsn«e.- of the Government cc-uld not
fall short of twenty-three millions, and ¡hat -the
imports on which that sum was to be raise-1, cculd
no', be rated higher than ninety-three millions, it
would take twenty-fiv-> per cent, of uniform duly
on this nine'y-three millions, to meet the expenses
of the Government; but much more was necessa-
ry. Frovi-ion was to be made f'r di-rhsroe
ibe debt, a«id for other demands o.t the Tre^iir-,;
and the wants of the Goterniaent tor sor-e years
to come would be folly equal to t< :-my- i< mil-
lions, as laid down in these re-o'.ü'or.s. To jai.-e
Ibis income f.om ninety-three nii.Uons of import?,
not ie::: than U'Mity-seven and a half per cent, of
of equal duty, on all dutiable anieles, v.culd suf-
fice.
¡Mr. Evans then  examined in d nil  ih-i .tabu-
lar sta-'emeots and statistics presumed to ihe Sena'e
by the Senator from South Carolina on Wednes-
day.    In the cour.-e cf his remarks occasional ex-
plauations   were  made  by   ¡VIf. Calh ut     M'.
Evass dwelt at great leug'h upon th-- n lative in-
crease or decrease of expon3, '>i-t'i of i -. coi1 n
audofar.iciesuf d mef:c man a. cio-e ii'HU r die
operation of Ivgh  t.ir.ff, an-Wlnr-i g_i'r,e re. '.d-f
reduction of  dtr es  since  1333, v. ¡ih  v   -"-•."   ot
showing thi-t ihe fk-nator ffm eouCiiCaro'^-S de-
ductions were notsiistsii ed by oooi m.-ntary 'able 
exhibí.inp;   ;h*   itei'V.   o'' exports    The i>r nci, al
incre? -e rf evp r-s of d^m'stic «rtio'es ir. ij.' -ever,
years from J3:«3 to 1841, he confn-'.e i w--s !p .-c-
ton miraiÍJ Jturcu Roods, ei i sold a'td siWer under
the head of Atncrie.ft  manufactured articles.    He
contended   that   a  ¿rest    porlion   of    die   latter
wa<-   in    c >in;    hat Mr.   Cauioow   Jj'-ü-.I    ihat
there     was     any     h"adin«    of     "com,"     and
supposed mauufi'-turid article? of g-id e-d si'v-i.
such a« go." and stiver «are, g Id leaf, o>c    forc-
ed the Test's-n n< rnt under that he1!,.    Mr.  i1.
refeired to a note to one of the reports to show that
coin vas also incmdrd     He then  r'f-ne.-.  to the
increase cf th? cotton manufacturas "■. Lo' r\\ a~'d
Massachusetts, with a view cf fho-wng  that the
effects of !o-v duties, under the  romr-iOTi;?.- r-et,
had not yet reached them.    Pc denied  tha* tne.e
manufacture.s were claiming more proteotf-n ¡>an
they have had.   All they were doing, he contend-
ed, wai asking Congress, as more revenue was ne-
cessary for the wants of the Government, to adjust
the tariff lequisite to supply those wants, so as "to
give incidental protection to American industry.
He contended that it was for (he interests of-ibe
great mass of the community that a discrimination
should be made, so ihat the greatest amount of re-
venue should be real z:d from articles of luxury
not considered necessaries t f life. .The-experience
of the world, he contended, had shown that the
greatest amount ot revenue was not to be realized
from a given article of luxury by a high duty, but
by a duty sufficiently io^v to discourage smuggling.
It was therefore, h  thought, for the interest of the
müss of the com in unity that such a discrimination
should be made as would put a low and produc-
tive duty on articles of luxury; and for the interest
of the producer* of domestic manufactures, that
whatever was taken olf the duties on luxuries,
sh"ulJ be laid on such at tides ss come in compe-
tition wit1) iheir labor. This discrimination was
all the manufacturer a^ked.
He next adverted  to the statistical statements
mije   by   ihe   Senator   from    South   Carolina,
relative   to   his  own  State;  and   sfier  having
drawn   concisions    contrary   to   those  drawn
by  the   Senaor,  proceeded  to a review  of the
Senator from  New    Hampshire's position,  that
anides  of prime necessity ought to be bought
wherever they can be had cheapest.  He contended
that it was not Ihe ptice which was to be considered,
bat the exchangeable value, and it was no matter
what the notnin-.l price was, if the consumer could
exchange sorre e.miuodiiy he had for the commo-
dity he waüled, by a reciprocal scale of value.  He
then advene*   to Ihe question of exports and im-
ports of fpeeiej and laid it down as a fundamental
principle, 'hat the more imports were broi.ght into
the country, the greater would be the quantity of _
Í  specie sent out cf ihe cour.iry.
i      He ihen pj'sed to a conii-eration of .the financiil
condition  of ¡he country,    'ihe  Secrttary of the
Treasury estimated that there would, at the end of
the year, be a   deficiency of  torn teen   millions
of dolUr*,  including   seven millions of   Trea-
sury   notes;   but   deducting  lbs Treasury   notes,
then would be an excess of seven  millions of ex-
penditures ever revenue.    Congress had supplied
five millions by a r.ew issue of Treasury notes,
Icaviri-; the  defis't   two  millions  and  two-tenlhi.
' The Secretary esHT.a'ed the customs at nineteen
j  millions-; but  the falling off has b?en considerable.
j  The imports have been disastrous to the iaiporters.
{  Ttii  prosperity  anticipated has not been realized.
The product ons of the country are excessively low.
The consequence r, that there will not be that re-
vival of trade anticipated.   The importations can-
not b? disposed  of,  and a cheek ¡nu t take place
on further importation.   There w I be a deficiency
of between t-.vo and  thrre  millions  on  customs.
This must be supplied by an addition to f e Trea-
sa.y   note   bill,    of   two    millions.     Revenue
mu-.t   be   rused    kigVr   than   it   :uw   i--,    by
about ru.e million..    But thi;  would give  tut
ft cr millions for the krt hoi: ol the  piesent jear.
Ot t-i" T.vfd  r'vtnuc ao-ountina to  ¡'.renty-six
rnllions, the'-e v.",; be, at the end of  the jear, two
mil.'-ns'ir. iV.cTira.-iry, "fía p'-jirc the ordinary
exoeoscs.    T:ie erais'-iOis oivstandu rr at tlie end
of'the vear, tf ten millions < f Tr.-strury noies, and
the live vrA a  half millions of th; losn auihorz-d
at í'¡e extia s.-s^ion, "vill bs a oebtof fifieen and a
holf million ;  the bil.-.nce in   the Treasury being
t.vondt'ioiis  at  the   tr>J rf the year, after paying
th--- expe.s.vs tf the Goronm. n*.    He  would then
subsiito'e a 1-iau  tor pait  i-f the  T/easury notes,
so as- to make the indebtedness 'en mi'iions f'f loan
«it alen    ?.•'; n."d five and s bail on Ttea<uty notes.
>  e  wou'd "-ke tin* opportunity of stating that he
had r i id' a - loan could be got at pur, and that it
,u<*V to lv nrsot-aled on whatever terras the Se-
ol the Ttessury could obtain.   Suppose it
, a discount of eight or rine per cent; what
;; oald not ihe credit of the ecu fry W pre-
«en«'on pny term*?   He thought fifteen  years
wo'i'j '!«• a term for ihe ban -iinte short enough,
fn're disastrous and  daEgeroi .-■ ci edition of the
country,  «bat else could  he dcr.e?    Tías  there
no  danger  that   amid   this  general  crash,  the
Govaroiñffüt   itself   should   te    phe:d    m   a.
ceiary
ce-rr>-s ¡1
th--i ?    Í
