344
CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.
indulgence to let the order he over till to-morrow, at which
time he hoped he would be prepared to present his views.
1 he motion wag agieed to.
Mr. PHSLPrf, from the Committee on Revolutionary Claims,
made adverse íeport  on the claims of the heirs of Richard
Livingston, an officer of the Revolution, for commutation pay;
and on the claims of Mra¡- Causin, the legal representative of
Colonel John A. Stone; which were ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
Mr P also, from the same committee, to which had been re-
ferí ed House bill entitled "An act to authorize the payment of
seven years' half pay on account ofthe Revolutionary sei vices
of Captain William Kelly,reported the same back with a recom-
mendation that H do not pass.
Mr. LINN presented the petitionnf M Mauson, praying that
Tie mav be paid a balance assuigeon to the Philadelphia and
New York legiment of volunteers, a ho served in Florida, so as
to make his pay tor that service equal to the pay of surgeons in
the regular army íefeired to the Committee .on Military
Affairs.                                     '                                                    '
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution, which was lead
and adopted.
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of paying the claims ol the
Missouri volunteers for the horses lost by them during the Flo-
rida campaign in 1837, in consequence oí having been condemn-
ed as unfit tor service by reason of the injuries íeceived dining
the voyage from NewOiIeans to Tampa Bay, by the board o"t
offlceis assembled at Tampa Bay, and to examine into the con
dmon of such horses as survived the passage, and which after
theircqndemnanon, were turned loose in theswamps, but'ofthe
death of which the claimants have no evioenci, also, those
which escaped and ran away, without any negligence or mat.
tention upon the part ol the owneis, an 1 which were never te-
covered Provided. Thai ihe Committee do not consider these
claims ai fully coverej by the law passed dui mg the session of
1838 and 1839
Mr. SEVIER moved lo take up lor consideration the bi1!
which was, on his motion, laid on the table, conñrmm  ihe
claim of Jean Baptiste Le Compte to a tract ol land in Louisiana
The bill was taken up
Mr. KING lemarked that this bill wax similar to those which
had been laid on the table, to await the decision of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, as to the propriety of passing ageneral law
on the subject. He hoped, therefoie, it would not be pressed
till it was ascertained that no general bill would be reported So
soon as it would be redm ed to a cer.amty that no general law
could be passed, .he Senate could then go back and take up all
those cases, and pass upon them.
Mr SEVIER and Mr. LINN lemarked that those cases had
been laid on the. table, with the hope that a genera! bill   ould be
reported and pa sed, but they feaied that the committee could
not agree on the basis ot a bil I
Mr. KINO was tar waiting a reasonable time for the ascer-
tainment to a cei tainty of the lact that no genei al bill would be
reported and passe i.
On motion of Mr SMITH oflndiana, the bill waslaidion the
table for the present.
The following engrossed bilb were then read the third
time and passed, viz:
Anactto lemove the office ofthe Surveyor General, and to
change thelocation of the land office m the Greensburu dis-
trict in the S ate of Louisiana;
An act foi the relief of Robert B. Lewis; and
An act for the r liefof Vallenan Allam.'
OnmoiionofMt   McKOBERTS, the Senate then took tin
-as in comnu'tee ol th  whole, the bill to amend the act entitled
An act 10 lopiopna- ihe proceeds of the sales of ihe public
Unite, and io¿raiitpie-emptioii right-*;" approved September
The lmmedia'e question pending was the amendment sub-
mlttedby Mr \icRoi¡EkTS, to remove the following restrictions
to preemption liglusiu ih distribution bill of last session in the
following particular*, viz so much as excludes from the light of
preemption those who settled upon the public lands before
ttieywere surveyed, so much as denies the right to those who
own 'hree bundled anj twenty arres of land else x tn.ro, 0l tho^c
W'10 removed from iheu ovti land to reside upon the public
land*; and «0 much of siul act as. denies a pie emotion to all
pel so-13 who aie not citizens of the United States or who had
not filed their application tobecone cnuens, before thev set
tied upon the lands                                                              '
Mi. McROMSR rs, in continuation of his reply to Mr Smith
of It diana, cut oil by the ordeis of the day when 1 bis bill was
before the Senate on a former occasion, adveited to several
communications from the State of Illinois, shown.  the lustice
of the news anil chrmsol the sutleis on the public lands and
the universal sentiment throughout ihe sia'e istothe mimious
effects of ihe reductions imposed on the pre emption ¿laus s
of the Distribution act. He read several extraas ftom those
communications, all setting forth, m a strong and argumenta
live maunei, the equity nf the rights claimed by the set
tleis Mr. McRoperts said that he had read these extracts
w th .' view of wiisfyiue the Senate that ihe settlers on
tin p ihht linds were de'ei mined to art in good faith towards
oh' Government in relation to the public domain, while, at the
oa ne 11 t.e, no less den niiined to mimtam the r own lights
AH they complained nf was the 11 justice in principle of ihe re-
stnctionsimpo-ed by the law of last session, which they be-
lieved to be unconstitutional, and all they sought for, specifical-
ly, was an amendment of that portion restricting ibeir rieh's
The Senate would recollect that the Senator from Indians
(Mr *mith,J m his remarks the o,her day, stated that his r\Ir'
Melt.' ] colleague, [Mr Voung ) had never heard of any ob'
ject'ons to the pre-emption restrictions, and that these objections
could not exist to any extent, or he would know something of
them
Mr. SMITH interposed, to explain that what he had said
was, that the Senator [Mr Young] had he heard such obiec
tions, or believed them to be general would have introduced
the amendments proposed by his colleague when framm"his
bi'l                                                                                             °
Mr. McROBDRTS contended that such was not the position
tatv '0 by the Senator, is he and every one else u-itl<=rs"nod him
Theie was noquestlon about the ob-, tuny of ibe ohjrctlons
for they were notoriously published by very new-piper m the
Stale, and 11 was well known t„at th ■ recríe ions 11 the ¿istri-
bti.i m lawn ,d excited unbounded indign i'ton arijn^st the se'-
tiers o" the public lands These eeulo.gdid r it ' *ok upon their
rights as matters of favor- they considere 1 ihem their pis- claims
tortol!, enterprise, and laborln opening up the wilderness for
the ultimate benefit ol the community and the Government.
In the roads and settlements whicn they made thionghouyhe
wilderness, they gave the strongest evidences of the justness of
their claims.
He enumerated the restrictions and thosr effects upon the set
tiers, and in particular alluded to that, so contrary to al1 good
policy, asarast those not yet naturalized. His amendment with
regard to"lhem was not ot a nature to confer any exclusive pri
viieee.buttogivethemacommon right, the (nil enjoyment of
which would beseemed to them in anticipation of their compli-
ance with the law of naturalization on which their light would be
ultimately dependent. It was, in effect, that a settler on the
public lauds, 10 advance of their being offered for sale, should
not be debarred of the preemption right, provided he was a
ci.izenjit the time of paying for his land, or had filed his decla
ration of becoming a (ltizen.
He next adverted to the objections made the other day by the
Senator from Indiana, to exclude all but the heads of fami-
lies, from the pre emption right
Mr. SMITH inteiposed to state that the Senatoi had greatly
misconceived him. What he had said was, that theie were
two classes of settlers entitled to pie emption rights one con-
sisting of the heads of fimdies and the other of young men
who had at'amed the age of twenty-one yeais
Mr. McKOBERTS insisted that the senator had distinctly
maintained that none but the heads of families weie entit ed
to preemption rights under tie law oí la-r session—he had
even taiien the ground that a young undertwetity one veirs
of age, lbous.li married, could not take the benefit of the pie-
emption lieht
Mr SMI i II observed that the Sena had entirely mlocoi.
ceived him
Mr Me ROBERTS thouaht that was impossible, for every £0
nator piesent on the otcas<on so undeis ood the •■¡tnainr He
appealed to the Senator fiom A'abima [Mr King ] to say if
he had not asked the Senator [Mr Smith] to íepeat the asser
tion.
Mr KING, in reply to this appeal, stated that he distinctly un-
derstood the Senator fiom Ii diana as mam aming the giound
attributed 'o him by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr SMITH obsei ved that if gentlemen so understood him,
it was altogether a misconception He had himself no such
understands or meaning His meauuip accorded with that
given to the clause m the act by ihe Senator from Illinois [Mr.
McHobebts ] as stated m his pim'ed speech.
Mr. McROBERTS replied, that whatever way the Senator
mderstood Ins own language, evei y one else in the Senate un-
derstood 11 in the same sense that lie (¡Vir MeU)dld But lie
was willing to take the Senator's explanation as a con ection
oí misconceptions
He then pioceeded at considerable length to review m detail
theseveial positions taken by the Senator fiom Indiana m re-
ply to his(Mr. ¡VlcR's) remarks, and recapitu a ed the lesirie-
tiopsofthe law,commenting upon each, and f onimg out the
gross injustice and want of sound policy in thewho'e lie
contrasted these restrictions with the provisions of all the pre-
emption laws passed by the Democratic party whi'em power,
and showed that never till now had anj high handed measures
for the coercion of the pioneers of the~ wilderness, whose
purpose, m good faith, was to make settlements, been
attempted. It was reserved for the great Whig paity
to consummate this despotic and unjust policy This Govern-
ment never had and never would make money by a denial of
the lights of settlors If avarice was the motive of this policy,
it would defeat Its own object The Senator and his party
gieatly err, and grnvou'ly miscalculate the charactei of those
pioneers, U he and they suppose tiiey look upon their rights as
gratuities lfhehul any malevolent desue of seeing the gieat
Whig paitysiuk lower than it had sunk itself, he would let it
can y out its p t'-ry acamst the settlers on the public lands, and
it would son 1 leach the repuchatioi of the West What weie
these restili 'ions'? Were toey not restrictions such as had
never been irtioduced intoanv pre emption law before They
have been put into it foi the purpose, and certainly have the
effect of excluding the lights of two thirds ofthe settlers on
the publ c lands Most of these seltleis are immigrants from
the New Ensland States, ird have the money to pay for their
lands when Ihev come into maiket.
Mi McRoeerts concluded by a brief reference to the
mannei in which the Senatoi from Indnna had alluded to him
as inervónos Senator from Illinois "
Mr SMITH of Inih-ina denied any intention Of aüsjdmg to
the Senator's age m a spun of nnfnndness lie was sine no
one in the Senate understood him in mat sense. It would be
contrary to his babitoftieaürghis iellow ¡senu'ors, or any one
else
After some explanations m leply to Mr McRobfrts,
Mi SMITH observed thit he perceived the Sor ate took no in
tersstslnthisdisciission,andhe would therefoie let the Senator's
amendments go at once to the vote. He would t ot now, or on
theqnesionto oiderthe bill to be engrossed,state his objec-
tions 10 the bill, but ho ft1! bound to say that, on the final vote
he would vote ag-iinst itspassaee,                                                 '
The qjestionthen being on Mr. McRobekts's amendment
Mr McROBERTS called lor the yeab and nays; which were
ordered.
Mr WHITE suggested the propriety of aiterin  the sixth line
by inserting -'and aftei the extinction of the Indian title "
Mr McROBliRTS accepted the modification He called for
a division of the question, so as to have a direct vote on the
íemoval of each restriction
The question was first taken on this division, viz Lt That so
m.ich ofthe actentlfted An act to appnipnafe the proceeds of
the sales of the public lands, and to si ant preemption rights
approved Septemhei 4th 1311. as<-xchidesfiom the nsrhtof pre-
emption those who settled upon the public lands, before they
were surveyed "
It was adopted on yeas and nays by a vote, as follows—veas
23 nsys 17                                                                             ' ™
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Basby, Ben'm, Burli-in-m. Calhoun
Tul-nn, Henderson, Klntr. Linn, Mi Roberts, Poc'er, Sevei'
Smith of Connecticut. Tallmidcre, Sturgeon, Tanni'n, \v,i)'
ker, Wh'e.t Wilcox, Woodbndfíe, Woodbuiy, Wii^ht a'.d
Younff—23                                      ~                               e   '
NAYS— Messrs Archer, Birrow. Bate , Bavsrd Berr.en
rhoate. Clay C'ay'on, Giaham, Hi. itmgto", Mang-nn, Mer-'
rick. Miller, Mersnead,Prent.ss, Pieston, and S-iwii of fndi-i
ana—17.
The question was then 'ak n on this branch ofthe ?>w,~i ment
to repeal "so much ofvaidact as excludes fiom the right of pre
emption those wbo own three hundred and twenty acresof land"
elsewhere, or those who have ren OYed from their own land, to
reside upon the public lands "
The 'esult ol the vote was. yeas22, nays IS, asfollowe-
YEAS—Messis Allen, B'gby, Benton, Buchanan, Cal.
houn, Fulton, Henderson, King, Lmn. MrRoberts, Porter,
Sevier, ¡smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, lallmadee, Tap-
pan, Walkei, White, Wilcox, Woodbury, Wright, and
Young—22
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Clay, Clayton, Graham, Huntington, Manrum, Merrick, Mil-
lei, Morehead, Prentiss, Preston, Rives, Smith of Indiana,
and Woodbndge—18.
The question was then taken on this branch of the amend
ment, viz
"And so much of said act as denies a pre emption to all per-
sons who are not cmzens of the United "* ates or who had not
hied applications to become citizens befóle they settled upon
the land, be and the same are hereby repealed and modified, so
as 10 allow a pre emption to all per&ons who are entitled to the
same accoiding to ihe othei provisionof said act, and all p<*r-
s~ns vno shall become citizen-, ofthe United States, or who
shall fi'e their declaration m the proper couit of record, to be-
come citizens, at any time befoie the p bhc sale of the land up-
oi vvb.ch they íeside, and who shall li ,ve made the settlement
and improvements it-quired by said act, shall be entitled to a
pic empt.oi uncVi the same "
The 1 esult ofthe vote was, 3'eas2l, n^ys 1Q a*, follows-
YEAS—Messrs Allen. Basby , Benton, Buchanan, Tulton,
Henteison, Kins Linn, M. Robeits, Poner, bevier, Sm.th of
fVni ecticui, Stunieon. Tallmadee. '¡appan. Walker, White,
Wilcox, Woodburv, Wi ight, and Young—2!
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bavard, Berrien,
Choate Cay. Clrfyion, Grehim. Hun luir'on, M, ntíiiiri, Mer-
iick, Mdiei, Morehead, Pi enfiss, Preston, Rives, Sim h ofln-
diana, and Woodbndse—in
The qresiion was then taken on an amendment to the se-
cond section anr1 it was sir eed to
Mr. WALK t R offered a further amendmen*, authoring the
Vi mmissionerof the Geneial Land Offce to issue pateinsl ere-
tofore suspended undtrtbe piovi-.ionsoi the l^te laws.
Mr SMITH of Indiana inquired whether the amendment
conflicted with anuhingin the bill report ! fien theCirnmit-
tee on Public Lards, ai d the amendments adoptt-d
Mr WALKER replied in'be negative, and remarked that
the amendment was recommended by the land oiiiccr. It was
agreed^ to.
The~biH was then reported to the Senate, and the amend*
menls of the conmitteeof the whole weieconct,rred in.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana gave uouoe that he would oppose the
passage of the bill
The bill was then ordered to he engrossed for a third
reading.
On motion of Mr MOREHEAD, the following billfrom the
House of Repiebeutatives was taken up v z.
An act 11 extend the time for seilms the lands granted to the
incorporated Kentucky Asylum lor teaching the deaf and
dumb.
Some discussion tock place on the bill by Messrs SEVIER,
KINGand MOREHEAH, as (othe impropneiy of thejjrai tice
of holding up these lands from sale; after which the bill was
ordered to be engrossed, which having been done, it was read
the third tm,e and passed.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF RBPRF.SENTATIVES.
TtEsoAY March 22, 1812.
The journal of yesterday was rev1 ard approved
Mi WASHINGIONasked leave to offlr the follow ne reso
¡un™, which was rnd <bi ■ri'fn manor
Resilred, -hit the Commit ec ontommerce bemstiucted
to inquire i,vo the exped.ency of maki ig an appropriation of
money snffl ¡ent to bmlda new lieht uoat at ihe Brant Island
Station, m -he waters of Paml co Sound, North Carolina.
Mr. C\VE .lOIINíON objected
, Mr WASHINGTON said th't he thought the r/en'Ieman
from Tennessee wou d w 'thrlrav, his obi-ctioo   hen he stated a
fewfacts The Biant Island liüht was exceeihiiBl? important
not only to a 'arge portion of the people of Nor h Carolina, but
to peisons from every part of the country navi^aiin" those
waters The b.atat that station was always too small, and
now that it is old, is er tirely too frail for the "rough sea ' at tlia"
point The captain of ihe boat had stated m I U-t.ertohim
that the boat was unsafe, it was wnh difficulty ,t had "wea h
eied" the last seveie storm; and I e did no. believe it possible for
it to endure another gale Mr W foriher sta'ed "hat he had
received a letter fiom the Fifth Audi'nr ol 1 he Treasury last
night, m which be stated that he en urelv approved of t¡Z pro
position to lebuild that boa-, anil had been recommending to
b1ocftehSeS;hearT3P8lety "" Ml ^ «™ '   that^/ose
Mr JOH NaON then withdrew h.sobiection, and the resoli,
tion wasai'ipted.                                                '             E res"lli
Mr. F1LLM0KC inquired of the Speaker what was the first
business m 01 i-ei I                                                       «asmo nrst
The SPEAKLR lephed the question of privilege under enr,
s-deration \esierd, y.                                              8    u""er eon-
Mr BARNARD asked leave at this time to report a bill from
the Committee on theJudici.lv.                                                m
Objected to
Mr MOORE of Louisiana and Mr. LEVY of Florida pre
frrred requests of a similar cha-scer, in relation to certah.
Reapoerterlhe PUrpWt <* Wh'Ch Ú1Ú "°"each ^' «« oHhe
Objected to.
QT'ESTION OF PRIVILEGE
The uniim-hed business of yesterday was the follón,,-,  .
lution offered by Mr wE,,r J„(OUt7, 7nll w wh ch ¿5 ffcn
'loman had mot ed the previous ques ion                              scn'
WhereastheHon Jo-huaR Guiding* <the member a™ .1.
sixteenth Congreseum.l dMnctof th?S ,ae^mra,m v i " h*
day prese, >ed to tins House a senes of lesolmmn?íó^h   " "i."
most importan, mteie^u, connected w,,l ' "ar¿™ S"f Í"
Un.on.now a subject of ne o lation between TheVír,  ed %il
a-iJG.eat Bri'am ofthe most delicate nat ,ri Vi,            ,te?
which may eventually involve thosé ra i™. .'J** r™ait°!
wlmle civilized word in war and^whereas <T,.lil^1***,
every eood ct-zen. and particularly the du,y0 eVe,y tVJJÍ
agen' and  representative of the people, to TC£SS£Sm
