376
^Bosa, to. discuss the amendment or the bill. He had professed
ni#ielf witting at all times to disembarrass the Government
when K was in straits; and believing the measure now pro-
■posed by the gentleman from New York to lie indispensable to
thatend, he should give it his vote. Xie went mtoa brief cal-
culation to show the soundness of the last position taken by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means; and then, re-
lerringto the admitted embarrassments of the Treasury and
the necessity of prompt and decided action tor its relief,
and to the ample djscusston which the whole subject had un-
dergone, he concluded by moving the previous question.
Mir. HABERSHAM, Mr. BUKNELL, and tulf a dozen other
members, appealed to Mr. Johnson to withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
Mi. JOHNSON held on to the motion steadfastly; remarking
that he was sure no additional argument was necessary for any
member, and that it could not be doubted that every member had
made up his mind as to the vote he intended to give.
And the question being on the second to the demand for the
previous question,
Mr. CLIFFORD moved that there be a call oi the House.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved that the House do now adjourn;
but the motion was waived, to enable Mr. FlLLMOttB 10 move
the printing of the bill and amendments; which was ordered.
The question on the motion to adjourn was then taken, and,
being decided in the affirmative,
The House adjourned.   "
The following were presented yesterday by Mr. Edwakds,
ofMissouri;
Petition of William B. Almond and one hundred and thirty-
one-othesg, praying Congress to suspend the cultivation ofgram
at Fort Leavenworth: leferred to the Committee on Military
Affaire
Petition ofThomas D. Ford and others, praying for a post
route from Palmyra, in the state of Missouri, to Dubuque, m
Iowa Territory . referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Peat Roads.
Petition of O. II. P. Lucas and one hundred and eighty-six
others, praying that thenew land district proposed to be esta-
blished in the State ofMissouri may be limited to the Platte
country: referred to the Committee of the Whole House.
Proceedings of the St. Louis Chamber of Commerce in ref-
lation to the improvement of the navigation of the Mississippi
river and its principal tributaries, and the St. Louis harbor, with
astatementsubmittedbyA.fi.Chambers,  the Wiamber: re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
-     IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 31, 1842.
Mr. SMITH, from the Committee en Public
Lands, reported a bill to confirm certain entries of
land in the State of Louisiana, and to authorize
the issuing of patents for ihe same;  which was
read and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. KERR submitted the following resolution :
'Ttetotved, That the Secretary of War be directed to commu-
nicate  the Senate a copy of the proceedings of the court of in-
quiry, called at the request of Lieutenant Colonel R. E. de Hus-
sy, relative to complaints made against him for the manner in
which he procured the supply of stone for the Works at the Rip
Baps.
Mr. KERR asked for its consideration then, and
Mr. PRESTON having interposed objection,
The resolution lies over under ths rule.
On motion of Mr. WALKER,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Boads be directed to inquire into the expediency of establishing
a post road from Columuus, in the State of Mississippi, through
Colbert, Aberdeen, and Pontotoc to Ripley, there to meet the
road leading thence to Memphis and Commerce.
Mr. GRAHAM, from the Committee on Claim?,
reported a bill for the relief of Daniel G. Skinner:
which was read, and ordered te a second reading.
Also made an adverse report from the same
committee, on the claims of Alexander McMuriry.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which a resolution of inquiry on the sub-
ject had been referred, reported a bill directing an
edition of the laws oflhe United States to be com-
piled and printed, and for the distribution ¡hereof:
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. ALLEN made an ineffectual effort to hare
bis resolution taken up, calling on the Secretary of
the Treasury for information as to what would be
ihe loss to the people by the distribution act, and
ihe taxation consequent.
Several other moiions, resolutions, and bills were
passed over informally.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Choate on the 21st instant, was taken up and
agreed tos
Resolved, That ,'the Secretary of State be instructed to repor
to the Senate a statement of all treaties or other auangements
now existing between the United States and othei Governments,
in which the principles oi reciprocity and equality of duties and
tonnage, whether m the direct or the indirect trade, fare stipu-
tated, together with ihe dates of such treaues, and the periods
respectively at which the stipulations above mentioned will
cease; and any evidence showing the effect oí such stipulations
on the commerce and navigation ol the United .States.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr. Ben-
tro  «x Monday hut, was taken up:
Kesolvml, That the President of the United States oe re-
%je8te4 to ijj$>wn the Senate what quantity of public lands were ,
CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
surveyed and prepared for the market at and after the 4th day
of March, 1811, and not biought into market during that year;
and also wjiat quantity of public lands have been offered for
sale to be brought into market during the present year; aho
what quantity of public lands are now prepared for market ai d
are not offered for sale; and also what quantity of public lands
are expected to be surveyed and be prepared for sale during the
present year.
Mr. SMITd ef Indiana moved to amend the
resoluiion, by inserting after the word "year," in
the fifth line, the words, "and ihe reisons why
they were not offered for sale during said year;"
also to add at the end of the resolution the follow-
ing: "and what quantity of lands are now offered
for public sale, and what quantity is expected to be
so offered daring the present year in each State and
Territory."
The amendment was agreed to, and the resolu-
t on was adopted.
Several adverse reports of committees were ta-
ken up and concurred in by the Senate.
The bill for the relief of John Nix was taken up
as in committee oí the whole, and having been
amended at tbe suggestion of Mr. KING, was re-
ported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
far a third reading.
Ths bill for the relief Enoch Hidden was next
taken up as in committee of the whole. This bill
proposed to pay Mr. Hidden two hundred dollars
for the use by the Government of hits iaventi:n of
a screw and cap for cannon.
Mr. WRIGHT explained the nature of the
claim; showed that this invention which had been
in the use if the Government for more than 20
years, was of great utility; represented the inventor
as being a man peculiarly entitled to just compen-
sation at least—ihat he, was an unassuming, poor,
and honest man, and a blacksmi'h by trade. He be-
lieved the Committee on Naval Affairs bad under-
rated the value of the invention, and maintained
that if it was worth any thing at all it was worih
more than $200, and moved to amend the bill by
striking out the $200 and inserting §1,000.
This amendment was opposed by Mr. MAN-
GUM, and advocated by Messrs. TAFPAN and
ALLEN, who maintained that it would be ciying
injustice for the Government to withhold from ihis
poor, honest, and meritorious mechanic, ample
compensation for the use cf this invention, and for
the patent.
Mr. MANGOM called for the yeas and nays on
the adoption of the amendment; which were or-
dered; and the question beiDg put, the amendment
was agreed to by yeas 22, nays 13.
Tbe bill wai then reported to the Senate, and or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
MR. CLAY'S VALEDICTORY.
Mr. CLAY rose and said, before efferisg Ihe
motion which it was his intention lo submit to the
Senate, he desired to make a single observation
with regard'to a subject which he was about to
leave unfinished—he meant the resolutions which
he had submitted, proposing certain amendments
to the Conslitution of the United States. It had
been his wish, prior to his retirement, to have ob-
tained a vote upon these resolutions, and also to
have replied to the arguments which had been ad-
vanced by their opponents; but owing to the feeble
slate of his health, he had been unable lo enter
upon a reply, and owing to the absence ofeeveral
of his friends, he had come to the conclusion that
it would be betler to commit the subject into the
bands of the Senate, to be disposed of according
to their judgment and discretion whenever it might
come up; and he would dismiss this subject wiih a
simple remark in reference to the conviction which
he entertained of the propriety of the different
amendments which he had suggested; those con-
victions he still deliberately entertained, notwiih-
standmg all that he had heard upon the subject.
Ano nov;, cunlinned Mr. Clay, allow me to
anrounce, formally and officially, my relu-iment
fiom the Senate of the United States, and to pre-
sent the last motion which Í shall ever make within
ihis body; but, before making ibat motion, I (rust
I shall be pardoned for availing myself of this
occasion to make a few observations. At (he
time cf my entry into this body, which took place
in December, 1806,1 regarded it, and still regard
it, as a body which may be compared, without dis-
advantage, to any of a similar character which
has existed in ancient or modern times; whether
we look at it in reference to its dignity, its pow-
ers, or the mode of its constitution; and I will
also add, whether it be regarded in reference to
the amount of ability which 1 shall leave behind
me when I retire from this chamber. In insti-
tuting a comparison between the Senate of the
United States and similar political insttutions,
of other countries, of Prance and England for
example, he was sure the comparison might be
made without disadvantage to the American Senate,
In respect to the constitution of the?e bodies: in.
England, with only the exception of the peers
from Ireland and Scotland, and in France with no
exception, the component parts, the members of
these bodies, hold their places by virtue of no de-
legated authority, but derive their powers from the
crown, either by ancient creation of nobility trans-
mitted by force of heredilary descent, or by new
patents as occasion required an increase of their
numbers. But here, Mr. President, we have the
proud title of being the representatives of sove-
reign Sta'es or Commonweal ihs. If we look at
thepowers of these bodies in Fiance and England,
and the powers of this Senate, we ¡-hall find that the
latter are far greater than ihe former. In both those
countries they have the legislative power, in both
the judicial with some modifications, and in both
perhaps a more extensive judicial power than
is possessed by this Senate; but then the vast and
UEdefined and undefinable power, the treaty mak-
ing power, or at least a participation in the con-
clusionsof treaties with foreign powers, is possessed
by this Senate, and is possessed by neither of the
others. Another power, too, and one of infinite
magnitude, that of distributing the patronage of a
great nation, which is shared by ihis Senate with
the Executive magistrate. In both these respects
we stand upon ground different from that occupied
by the Houses of Peers of England and of France.
And I repeat that with respect to the dignity which
ordinarily prevails in this b^dy, and with respect
to ihe ability of its members during the
long period of my acquaintance with it, with-
out arrogance or presumption, we may say,
in proportion to its numbers, the compa-
rison would not be disadvantageous to us
compared with any Senate either of ancient or mu-
den limes. Sir, 1 buve ¡oKg—full of attraeiion as
public tervice in tbe Señale of the United Siaies is
—a service which might fill ¡he aspirations of the
most ambitious heart—1 have nevertheless long
desired to seek that repose which is only to be
found in the feosom of one's family—in private life
—in one's home. It was my purpose to have ter-
minated my Senatorial career in November, 1840,
after the conclusion of the political struggle which
characterized that year. But I learned very soon,
what my own reflections indeed prompted me to
suppose wouid take place, that there would be an
extra sjssiou; and being desirous, prior to my re-
tirement, to cc-operate with my friends in ihe Se-
nate in restoring, by the adoplion of mea-
sures best calculated to accomplish thai pur-
pose, that degree of prosperity to the coun-
try, which had been, for a time, destroyed,
I determined upon attending the extra ses-
sion, which w: s called, us was well known, by
the lamented Harrison. His death, and the succes-
sion which took place in consequence of it, pro-
duced a new aspect in the affairs of the country.
Had lie lived, I do not entertain a particle of doubt
that those measures which, it was hoped, might be
accomplished at thai session, would have been
consummated by a candid co-operaiion between^
the Executive branch of tbe Government and'
Congress; and, sir, allow me to say, (and it is
only with respecto the ex-ra session) that I believe
if there be any one free from party feelings,
and free from bias and from prejudice,
who will look at its transactions in a spirit of can-
dor and of justice, but must come lo ihe conclusion
to which, I think, the country generally will come,
ibat if there be any thing to complain of in con-
nection with that session, it is not as to what was
done and^concluded, but as to ihat which was left
unfinished and unaccomplished,   After the terrai-
