COMGEKSSIOMAL -GLOBE.
3?T
nation of that session, bad Harrison lived, and had
the ms&sures which it appeared 10 bis it was desi-
rable to have accomplished, been carried, it was
my intention to hava retired; but I reconsidered
that determination, with the vain hope that, at the
regular session of Congress, what had been un-
accomplished at the extra session, might then
he effected, either upon the terms proposed
or in some manner which w..uld pe equivalent.
But events were announced after the extra session
—events resulting, I believe, in the failure lo ac-
compl.sh certain objects at the e2tra session—
events which seeoaed to throw upon our friends
every where present defeat—tMs hope, and ihe oc-
currence of ihese events, induced me to attend the
regular session, and whether in adversity or in
prosperi'y, to share in the fortunes of my friends.
But Í came here with ihe purpose, which I am now
about te effectuate, of retiring as soon as I thought
I cou d retire with propriety and decency, from the
public councils.
From the year 1806, the period of my entering
upon this nobie theatre of my public service, with
but short intervals, down to the present time,
I have been engaged in the service of my
country. Of the nature and value of those
services which I may have rendered during
my long career of public life, it does not become
be to speak. History, if she deigns to notice me,
and posterity—if a recollection of any humble ser-
vice which I may have rendered shall be transmit-
ted to posterity—will be ihe bet, trues', and most
impartial judges; and to them I defer for a decision
upon their value.
But, upon one subject, I may be allowed to speak.
As to my public acts and public conduct, they are
subjects for the judgment of my fellow-citizen ; but
my private motives of actio?,—that which prompted
me to lake the psirt which I may have done, upon
great measures during their pjogressin ihe national
councils, can bekaown only 10 ihe Great Searcherof
the human heart and myself; and i trust I shall be
pardoned for repeating- again a declaration which I
made thirty years ago; (hat whatever error 1 may
have committed—and doubtless I have committed
many during my public serv cc—I may appeal to
the Divine Searcher of beans for the truth of the
declaration which I now make, wfh nndeaad con-
fidence, that I have been actuated by no persons!
motives—that I have sought no personal aggran-
dizement—no promotion from the advocacy of
those various measures on which I h*ve been called
to act—lhat Í have had an eye, a single eye, a
heart, a single heart, ever devoted to what appeared
to be the best interests of the counry. Ye', sir,
during this long period, I have not esct-ped the fate
of other public men, in this and other coumrifs.
I have been often, Mr. President, the object of
bitter and unmeasured dettñcíion and calumny. 1
have borne it, I will not jay always with compo-
sure, but I have borne it without creating =tny dis-
turbance. I have borne it, waiting in unshaken
and undoub'.ing confidence, that the triumphs .f
truth and justice would ultimately prev.ii; and
that time woald settle all things as they ought to
be settled. I have borne them und;r the convic-
tion, of which no injustice, no wrong, no injury
could deprive me, that i did not deserve them, and
that He to rchom we are all to be finally and ul-
timately responsible, would acquit me, what-
ever injustice I might experience at the hands of
my fellow-men.
But I have not been unsustained during this long
course of public service. E/ery where on this
■widespread continent have I enjojed ¡he benefit of
possessing warm-hearted, and enthusiastic, ?nd de-
voted friends—friends who knew me, and appre-
ciated iustly ihe motives by which í have been ac-
tuated.' To üVej, if I had language to make suita-
ble acknowledgments, I would now take leave so
present them, as being all the offering that I can
make for their long conlimisd, persevering and
devoted friendship. But, fir, if I have a dificul'y
in giving utteiance to an expresara of the feelings
of gratitude which fill my heart towards my friends,
dispersed throughout this continent, what shall
I say—what can I say—at all commen-
surate with my feelings of gratitude towards
that Siate whoae humble servitor I am?  Í migiated
to the S'ate of Kentucky nearly forty five years
ago. I went there as an orphan, who had not yet
attained his majority—who had never recognised a
father's ssr.ile—peor, penniless, without, the favor
of the great—with an imperfect and inadequate
edm-aiion, limited to th-: means applicable to such
a boy;—but scarcely had I set fooi'npoa that gene-
rous soil, before I was eares'ed 'with paren'al
fondness—patronized with bountiful munificence
—and I may ado to this, that her cheicest honor,0,
I often unsolicited, have been ireely showered upon
me; and when I stood, as it wr¡e, in the darkest mo-
ments of human exi-tence—abandoned by the world,
ca umniated by a large serf on of my own ecu tiny,
men, she threw around mo h r impeueir'.bU: ¡.-Held,
and bore mo aloft, and repe-lic-d the attacks of ma-
lignity and calarany, by vhi-h I was assei'ed. Sir,
it is to me an unspeakjbie pleasure that I am
shortly to return to her friendly limit?; and that I
shall finally deposite (and it will not be long btfore
that day arrives) my last remains under her gene-
rous soil, with ihe remains of her gallant and pa-
triotic sons who have preceded me.
Mr. Pre-ideni, a recent epithet, (Í do not know
whether for the purpose of honor or of degrada-
tion,) has been applied to me; and I have been
held up to the coan'ry asa delator! D:ct&to-!
The idea of dictatorship is drawn from Roman in-
stitutions; and there, when it was created, the per-
son who was inves'ed with this tremendous autho-
rity, concentrated in his own person ihe \vno!e
power of the State. He es?rcised unlimited con-
trol over the property «icd lives of ihe citizens of
the Commonwealth. He had the power of rais:ng
armies, and„of raising revenue by l-txics; the peo-
ple. If Í have been a dictator, &hat have been
the powers wita which Í have been clfihrrl? Have
I pos.-e«sed an army, a na"y, revenue? Have I had
this distribution of .be paronsge of the Gorern-
men ? Have I, in short, -.wessed any power
whatever? Sir, if 1 have'been a dictator, I
think those who apply the epithet to me
must at least admit two thins; : In the
first plnce, that my dictatorship has been
distinguished by no cruei executions, siained by
no dee is of blood, soiled by üo act of dishonor.
And they must no less acknowledge, in the sreond
place, (though Í do not kio.v when its commence-
ment bears date, but I suppose, however, that it
is intended to be avemd, from 111* commence-
ment of the ex'ra session,) that it I have been in-
vested with, or have usurped the dictatorship,
I hive at least voluntarily surrendered the power
within a shorter period than was assigned by the
Roman laws for its continuance.
Mr. President, if to have sought, at ihe extra
session and at this, by co-operati-n w,,h cy I'.iem's,
to carry out those giea! mcisu.es vhich the majo-
rity of 1840 desired to see adopted and
executed—if to have desired to see ihe c-.urency
and exchanges of this country on¡.e raore regulated
—if !o have dtsireci to replenish the. imply c 'tiers
of theT:ea,-urv, by an iron.-.-tira of suitable du-
ij s—if to hive i'rsired to emend r< lief to the un-
fortunate bankrupt-* of tha cuntry, ru'.'.ed, in a
great measure, by the opereiion of the picr.nus
policy of the Government—if to i:?ve desie.l, by
co-operation with my friends, to limit and restrain
and re?ulaie the Executive action, because ¡> had be-
come d?.ngcroHi towards the other oepar'm-.Kts
of the Government «in my opmion, and in the
opinion of the majority of 1840—if to have de-
s'red 'o preserve 'he honor and credit of tee coun-
try untarnished bv ad;quale s-.nd sui'ablc provisions
for r venue, sufficient for fulfilling all the publi-
engagements—-if the fan'ifa! purpose of executing
all these measures-—if an indent desire to carry cut
and redeem every pledge wlfsh wss fah'y made
by my friends when struggling for the acquisition
of power—if I sar Cafe eiToris and thi-s co-ope-
ration consti*ute my dictatorship, then Í suppose
I mint bear the od'iiai or the honor of the epithet
whichever it msy be considered.
Mr. Presiden', that my nature is warm, my
temper ardent, mv disposition in the public ser-
vice enthusiastic, I am ready to own. But those
who suppose they may have seen any proof of
dictation in my conduct, have only mistaken that
ardor for what I at least supposed to be patriotic
exertions for fulfilling the wishes and expectations
by which i held this seal; they have only mistaken
the one for the other.
'Mr. President, during my long and arduous sir-
vices in the public councils,, and especially daring-
the last eleven years', in the Senate, the same arjior
of temperament h. s characterized my actions, and
has no doubt led me, in the heat of debate, in en-
deavoring to maintain ¡ay opinions in reference to
the best-course to be pursued ia the conduct of
public affairs, to use language offensive and sus-
ceptible of ung-aeious interpretation towards my
brother Senatois.
If ihete be any who entertain a feeling of dissa-
ti.sfact.on resulticg from any circumstance of this
kind, I beg to atsure them that I now make the
amplest apology. And, on the other hand, I as-
sure the Senate, ope and all, wi'bout exception and
without reserve, that 1 leave the Senate Chamber
without carrying with me to my retirement a single
feeling of dissatisfaction towards the Senate itself
or any one of its members. I go from it under the
hope lhat we  shall rntatually consign to perpetual
oblivion whatever of personal animosities or jea-
Iousies may have arisen between us during the re-
peated collisions of mind with mind.
And now, allow me to submit the motion which
is the obj?ct that induced me to arise upon (his oc-
casion. It is to present the credentials of
my friend anl successor, who is present
to take my place. If, Mr. President, a y
void couid be created by my withdrawal
from the Senate of tt.e United States, itwillb;
filled to overflowing by ray worthy successor,
whose urbanity, gallant bearing, steady adherence
lo principle, rare and uncommon powers of debate,
are well known already in advance to the whole
Senate. I move that the credentials be received,
and at the proper mommt that the oath nquired be -
admmisieied. And now. in retiring as I am ¡ifcout
to do from the Sena'c, Í beg leave to deposite with
it my fervent wishes, lhat all the great and patrio-
tic obj>ets for which it was instituted, may be ac-
complished—that ih^ desfny designed for it by the
fraciers of the Constitution roty be fulfilled—that
the deliberations now and herealter, in which it
may engage for the good of our common coun-
try, ii.«¡y eventuate m the restoia*ion of its pros-
pe.ity, and in ihe preservation and maintenance of
her honor abroad, and her best interests at home.
f retire from \ou, Mr. Piesident, I know, at a
period of infinite distrcs and embarrassment. I
wish I could have 'aken leave of-the publiccoun-
cil< under more favorable aaspices: but with-
out meaning to say at this lime, upon wl om re-
proaches should fall on acc< tmt of that unfortunate
condition, I think I may appeal to the Senate and
to die country for the tru'h of whai I say, when I
declare lhat at least no bit me on account of these
embatra-ismenis and cttstiejscs can justly restat
my door. May the blos-ings of lis aven rest upon
the heads of the whole Senate, ami every member
of it; and may eveiy ncinber oj it advance still
more m ff me, and when they thatl retire to the
busoms of their re-pecüve constituencies, may they
all meet there that most joyous andgrat;fui of ail
human rewards, the exclamation of their country-
men, '"well done thou good and faithful servants."
Mr. Pies'dent, and Me-sieuis Senators, I tid ybu,
one and all, a long, alas', a friendly tartwell.
The eornmuaicalioii fmm the Governor of Ihe
Sute of Kentucky, with the credentials of Mr.
Crittenden, were then ro.-.d, announcing thst.the
Lf sr lamre ol the Btit e had. on ihe 26*h of Febru-
ary, 1842, elected the Hon. J. J. Crittkmden as a
Se'satur in Congress, to take effect from an,d after
the resignation of ths Hen. Henry Clíí.
Mr. PUESTOS paid he understood the appoint-
ment was to take effect imeiediately oa the retire-
ment of ihe incumbent, who had sen! his rerign?,-
tion to the Government cf the State; and he there-
fore thought ihe newly elected Senator should now
be sworn in, and take his seat.
Mr. KING remarked that there was no one less
disposed than he was to interrupt any act of cour-
tesy, and he would not, thereto!?, have risen to
say 'a word, if he did not ttar that a precedent
taight be established by any depanuie irem eta-
bushed «sage.  He coaceived the. tiue c.-r-iUuc-tlos.
