878
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of ihe case in point was, that the resignation of the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] was to take
effect from and after this day. Constitutionally,
legislative bodies could not divide a day into frac-
tional parts. Unforeseen difficulties might anee
from this precedent, and he thought it would be
better on lhat account that the new Senator from
Kentucky should present himself to be sworn and
to take his plac  to morrow morning.
Mr. PRESTON did not see any difficulty in the
matter. The wording of tie credent-als from the
State of Kentucky was, not that ihe appointment
■was to take effect from and after the day of tac in-
cumbent's resignation, but from and af er the re-
signation itself—at.d that resignation had just taken
place. If it had been from and after the day, as
supposed by the Senator from Alabama, h's objec-
tion might be a valid one. But as that was r.ot the
wording of the offie al document, he conceived the
Senator's objtct on was removed. It might be of
no consequence to wait till to-morrow; and, there-
fore, what he had piopo^ed amounted to nothing
More than a mere courtesy.
Mr. CRITTENDEN th-n presented himself and
was qualified, and took his seat.
Mr. PRESTON said he had, however, observed
from the deep sensation which had been sympa-
thetically ,mamfested5 that there was r.ot much taste
for going mto business this evening; and he could
not help participating in the feeling, which he was
sure umversa'ly prevailed, that something was due
to the occasion. The resignation which had just
taken place was an epoch m the annals of the
country; it would undoubtedly be so considered m
history, and he did not know that he coald better
consult the feelings of the Sánate, than by moving
En adjournment. He therefore moved that the
Senate do now adjourn; which motion was agreed
to, and
The Ssrate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, March 3!, 1842
The Journal of yesterday read and approved.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Pulhc
Expenditures, asked leave at this time to make a
report.
Mr. PROFFIT objected.
Mr. BURKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reponed that that committee had examined
and found lo be correct the act to estend the time
for selling tbe hnds granted to the inc rpora'ed
Kentucky As(lum for teaching the deaf and dumb;
and the act to amend th; several acts e->tab'ishi"s,
a District Court of the Un>ted States at Jackson, ,n
the Stale of Tennessee; which said billi received
the signature of ihe Speaker.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. SALTONSTALL, on leave given, reported
from the Committee on Manufactures a bill of the
following title:
"A bill stipplemeritaiy to the art entitled 'An act n mo lify
the act of the 14th of .July, 1832, and all other acts imposing
dulli*. onmipoits," appiovedMdicli2d, 1833 "
Which said bill wa  accompanied by a report.
The bi'l was read i wice by its tule, and, on mo-
tion of Mr. S. was committed, with the accompany-
ing report, to th* Corunnt'ee of the Whole on the
state of the UniOii, ami oidere 1 to be printed
And, on mo'.on of Mr. SALTONSTALL, 5 000
extra c >pies of the bill, report, and actomj anyirg
documents were ordeied So be primed.
Mr. HABERSHAM save not ce tint a minority
of the Commit <-e on Manufactures proposed to
subnet a courier repoit as soon as po sibie.
Oa tne stigges'ion of Mr. AARON V.BROWN,
it was ordered 'ha' the couwer report (when made)
saouldtatc the same dnet'ion in all lespcct  as
the repou of the najon y
THE BRANCH MINTS.
Mr GREEN, by general coi s"nf, reported fro  
the Committee  on Puolic Expenditures a bill to
abolish ihe Branch II nK
The b'll was read twice by its title, and, with the
accompanying report, was referred to ihe Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Un'on, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WM. W. IRWIN asked leave to make a
«port from the Committee oa Roadsjind Canals.
Mr. ARNOLD objected, unless a similar privi-
lege was granted to other members having reports
lo füíllíG
Mt. EVERETT suggested tha , by general con-
sent, ihe reports of committees should be received.
Objected to.
THE LOAN BILL.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday, being the bill 'Vor the «^tension
of the ban of 1841, and for an Mdiiion of five
millions of dollars thereto," with tiy amendments
reported from the Commit'ee of the Whole on the
state of the Union                            \         >
Mr. W C. JOHNSON had demanded/the pre-
vious q"es!ion.                                       /
And Mr CLIFFORD had moved thgitherebs ¡>
call of ih  Hou"e—pending which latter motion,
the Hi use had adjourned.
And the question new recurred and was taken on
the motion that there be a call of the House, and
it was deciJed in the affirmative
fo a call of the House wss ordered.
The C'eik ealled ihe roll, and 184 members an-
swered to their names.
The names ot the absentees were ¡hen called,
and 196 numbers appear* d to be nreseit
And, on motion of Mr. FILLMORE, all fur-
ther proceedings in the cad were cuspeüd°d.
And the question recurring on the demand of
Mr   W. C. Johnson for ths previous question—-
Mr. CASTJTHER3 asked Mr. J. to withdraw
it, on his (Mr. Co) pledge to renew it as soon as
he had submitted a motion to strike out 9ectioa
eight of ihe bi'l, (or that which authunzes an ad-
ditional loai of five millions of dollars )
[Cries of "No, no."]
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON, a<ter a remark not
1 eard by the R porter, refused to withdraw the
motion.
An! the question being takir, there was a sc-
cord to ihe demand for the previous qaestion.
And the mam question (ocirs; on concurring m
the several amendments reported from the Com-
mntee of the Whole on the state of ths Union, and
ordering the bill to be engrossed fcr a third read-
ing,) was ordered to be taken.
And, first, ib? question was taken on the follow-
ing amendment, offered by Mr. Fillmore jes-
tcday in tho House, as a subs'Uute for the 4th sec-
tu n-
'-. nkpoutallpfterthe worl''hat," in the fii-.t 1 op, and m
•-ei ' tne pio\i&n to the secmd gee ion of the -." 1 art l= heieb)
lepeile 1, ^nd the Secretary of die Tiea my is hxrebí au ho
17 i o raii^e the stock hereafte. to be issued, to bp opposed
of a top higher prirp which Up can obtpm for th" same,on
i ip n™ alvc.t eh le^sonable time foi propo al , but no
* oc-v wnatever shall be sold below par, except ]pon aid in
pLi=iunco of a specific advertisement, and by vixtue thereof '
Mr FILLMORE asked the yeas and najs wh.ch
weie ordered, and Demg taken, resulted as fol-
Iots-
"i E \S—Messrs Adam=. A en, I anfoff W Andrews, Sher-
lock J An Irews Arnold, ^ycrtgg Baker llavnard Bauoe,
Bl d^>e, B'an, Boardman, Borden, Biockwav, B>on&on, Wil
liamBu*lei,Callioun, Thomas J Campbell, Childs, Chittenden,
Tohn C Clark Tames Cooper, Cowen, Cranston. Cushmg,
Garrett Davis, Deberry, Tohn li.dwards, Everett, Feesenden,
Fillmoie, Genuy, Patrick G Goode,, Graham, Grangei Haber-
snam, Hall, William S Hastings, Heniy, Howard Hudson,
T R Ins^raoll, lames Irvln, W W Iiwin Tam^s, William C.
J>hn on Isaac I) Jones, John T? Ke medy, Lare, Lawtence,
Sam=o i Mason, Mathioi, Mattocks, Maxwell r-Uynaid, Mor
g\n, Moins Morrow, Osboine, Parmenter, Pendleton, Pope,
Puvo!, Hftiimin "Randal! Alpende*- Randall Rantol[h,
Raylt-i.Rilgvvay, W Hum Ku bell, Jame  W Fussed, falcon-
's ,11 "die, pird, isnnonton, ¡slide, «íuman Smith, so ler ,
Hi1 , § i^eiy, Summers, Tan iferro T B Thompson, R
W Thornp on Ti'l neo^st, Toland Tomlin«on, Trumbull,
Vin Ren «ehei, Wall ice, Waned, Wasbmgto i Edward D
\\ hi u, I luimd-s W Wilnam^, ( luis, oilier H Williams, Win-
th op i o, kp, and Augustus Ynimir—0-7
"\ 1V-5—\ie-3rs Arnngton, Atherton Beckon, Ehck-, Bott¡,,
Boy i li v\stLi- Aaron \ lirovvn, Milton Blown Challe*
Br>\\n Jiuitre Simpson H Btitlcr, Wm O Butlei, Gteeo W
Caklve'l Pi1 'uC Catdwel1 Wm B Campbell, taruthen,
( tpy Cí.^6), ( haprran, í hffoid, Clinton, Cole^, Co'qnut,
Ciavns, Clo^s Dai lei, ft il Davis, Daw^ui , Dojn lloi^,
^iffl n. Vpi is Pirnarcp Guteo Gocf^m William O Goodp,
O Jon, Green Gvvin,Hani-, John Hastings Hav , Holme,,
Hifkif Louck, Hubard Hat ter, Cu« J tnger«oll, Jack,
C avq T n o i keim, A Kenied\, J "v,i=, I. t ¡efiell Abra
nan Met k'hr RibertMcCicl'in, McKay, McKeon Mallory,
Muchanl Tnomas F Maiohall, Ma hews, Medill, Mdlet,
ñíoore Isewhard, Oh er, Owsley, Pickens, Profdt, Reding,
Renchpr Reynolds, Rhett,Bige=i; R. geis, Sacfbrd, Saunders,
SnieiK, Wnliam Smith, Snytlei, Spiigg, Steenrod, A H H
Snirt, I 1 Stuart, Sumtei, Sweney Jacob Thompson,
Turncy, Uilcrwood, Waid, Watterson, Welter, Westbrook,
Joseph L White, James W, Williams, Wise, anil Wood—99
So the amendment wai rejected.
The qusstion was then laken seriatim on the
amendments reported from the Committee of ihe
Whole on the state of the Union.
[The points stricken out are printed within
[biackets,] the parts inserted in italics ]
And the question being on concurring in the
amendments to the following section:
Sbc 2 And be it further enacted, Thai so much of said loan
as may be obtained after the passage of this act shall be made
rei mbursable, as shall be agreed upon and determined al the
time of issuing said stock, either at the will of the Secretary
of the Treasury, after six months' notice, or at any timefaftei)
not exceeding [twelve | twenty years Irom the first day of
January next.
Mr. CARUTHERS asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and, being taken, resulted as
follows:
YE \S—Messrs Adams, Allen, Landaff W. Andrews, Sher-
lock J Andrews, Arnold, Ayi ngg, Baker, Barton, Birds-
eye, Blair Boardman, Botts Biockway, Bionson, Aaron V.
Blown, Butnell Calhoun, Thomas J Campbell, Casey,
Childs, Chittenden, John C Clark, James Cooper, Cowen,
Cianston, Ciuhins, Gariott Davis, Debeny, John Ed-
wards, EvereU, Fe«senden, Fillmore, Gates, Gentry, Pa-
trick G GooJe, Granger Green, Hall, William S Hastings,
Henry, Howard, Hud^on,Charles J In^ersoll, Joseph R Inger-
soil, Jimeslivm, Wm W Irwin, Tames, Wm C Johnson,
J^aacD Jone  John P Kennedy, Lane, Lawrence, Mallory,
Ihrmas T Marshall, xamsin Mason, Mathiot, Mattocks,
Maxwell, llaynard, Moiic, Moisan, Morris, Morrow, Os-
borne, Pannentei, Pendleton, Pipe, Powell, Proffit, Benja-
mín Randall, Alexander Randall, Randolph, Rayner, Ridg-
way, William Ru&sell, James M. Russell, Saltonstall, Shep-
perd, SimontoB, Slade Truman ^mith, Stanly, Stnkely, Al-
exander H H Stuart, John T Stuart, ¡Summers, Taliaferro,
John B Thompson, Richard W Thompson, Iillmghast, To-
land, Triple t Trumbull, Tjndeiwood, Warrt-n, Washington,
Edward D White, Thomas W Williams, Christopher H Wil
lians Wmthrop, Wise, Yorke, and Augustus Young—103
NAYS—Mesors Airmg'on, Mherton, Beeson, Black, Bor-
den, Boy 1, Brewstei Milton Brown. Charles Brown, Burke,
Samp&cm II Butler, William Butler, William O Butler, Green
W Caldwell, IVrick C Ciliwell, Wil'iam B Campbell,
Carutherft, Chapman, CnfFoid, Clinton, Co'es, Colquitt,Mark
A Cooper Ciavens Pros*, Daniel, Richard D Davl", Daw-
son, Dean, Doan, Doig, Eastrrvn, Feins, Fornance, Goggm,
Wdliam O Goode Coidos>, Giaham, Gwm, Habersham,
Harris, John Hiotlne^, Hays, ITolmes, ITopkltis, Houck,
Hubaid, Hunter, Jack Cave Johnson Keim, Andrew Ken-
n dv, Lewis, Littlefiel 1, 'Abialixm McClel Ian, Robert Mc-
Clellan, McKay, McKeon, Maiclnnd, Matthews, Medill,
Mdler Newhard Owsley, Pickens Read Reding, Repchei,
Reynolds, Rheit, Pugg , Rotre's Saunder-, Shields, William
Pmith, Snyder, Spneg Steenrod, Bum'er, sweney. Jacob
Thompson, Turnev, Wallace, Waid, Wot <=r on, Welter,
Westbrook, Joseph L White, James W William^, and
Wood—90
So the amendment were concurred in.
And ail the other amendments were concurred
m without a count.
The question then being on ordering the b li
and amendments to be engrossed for a third read-
ing—
Mr. PENDLETON desire-d to be informed by
the Speaker whether it would be in order to move
to recommit the bul7
The SPEAKER sa'd not antil Ihe mam ques-
tion (on the engrossment) had been decided.
Mr. McKAY asked the yeas and nays on the en-
grossment; which were ordered.
A brief conversation took place between Mr.
CRAVENS and the SPEAKER as to a motion to
reconsider the vote rejecting the amendment of Mr.
Fillmore in íeunon to the sale of the stock below
paw, bat the Reporter did not understand that such
a mot on was made. Something not heard by the
Reporter transpired in relation to this motion, a
reference to which which will be found in the re-
marks of Mr FiLLM  EE
Mr. CRAVENS rose ?Bd that said if either of
the two peculiar friends of the President, Messrs.
Wise a-d PacpFiT, who had voted against the
amendment authorizing the stoek to be sold below
par in ca^e ot necessity, would signify a willing-
ne«s to vote for a reconsidera'ion of that decision, he
would move a recon'-u'eraticn.
The SPEAKER being about to put the question,
but neither of 'ho gentlemen ?lluded to respond-
ing—
Mr. CRAVENS said he declined to make the
modon.
Tbe question on the engrossment was then taken
and decided in the affirmative as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Mien, Sherlock J Andrews, Arnold,
Aycngg, Baker, Barnaul, Ban >n, Jiirdseye, Blair, Boardman,
Borden Botts, Urockway, Urüimm Milti u Brown, Wm But*
ler, Calhoun, Thomas J Campbell, Child  Chittenden, J C
Claike, Cowen, Cranston, Craven, tushing, G Davis, R B
Davis, Deberry, John Edward , Fe¡,iendcn, Tillmore, Gates,
Gentry, Patrick G Goode, Oringtr, Green, Habersham Hall
Wm S Hastings, Henry, Hopkins, Howard, Hudson, Joseph
R Ingersoll, James Irwin, William W Irwm, James, William
Cost Johnson, Isaac D.Jones, John P. Kennedy, Lane, Lav,.
