CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            37§
rence, Tho F Marshall, Sampson Mason, Ma'hiot, Mattocks,
Maxwell, Maynard, Moore, Morgan, Morris, Morrow, Oliver,
Osborne, Parme iter, Pendleton, Powell, Piofflt, Benjamin
Randall, Alexander Randall, Randolph, Itayner, Ridgway,
Wra, Russell, Jas M Russe¡l,Saltonstall,Sheppeid,S¡rnonton,
Siade, Truman Smith, fetokoly, Alexander H H Siuait, John
T Stu irt, Taliaferro, John B Thompson, Richard W 1 liomp
son, Tillinghast, Toland, Tomlmson, Triplet!, Trumbull Un-
derwood, Wallace, Wairer, Washington, bdward T> White,
Thomas \V Williams, Christopher II Williams, Winthiop,
Wise Voike and Augustus Young—'U3
■ NAYS—Messis Amnston, Atherton Beeson, Black, Biyd,
Biewster, Alton V down, Char! s Brown, Burke, William
O Butler, Green W Caldwell, William B Cimpbeli, Ca
lutheis Cary, Casey, Chapman Uiño'-d C inton Coles, Col
quitt, Mark A Cooper, Cros , Daniel, Oiits m, Dean, Doan,
l)oig, Eastman, John C Cdwaid*, Eveictt, Fein, romance,
Goggin, William O Goo le, Goulon, Gtaham, Gwin, liart.s,
Johu Hasting*, Hays, Houck, Hou-to j, Ilubard, Hun er,
Charles / Ingei&nl Jack, Cave Johnson Keim lewis, Lmle
held, Abraiam McCle'lan, Robert McClellan MrKa>, Mc
lCeon Maichand, Mathew , Medill, Miller, Newhard, Owsley,
Pickens, Read, Reding, Renchei, F^eynolds, Rhett, Riggs,
Rogers, Roost velt Sanford Saundeis, Shield^, William Smith,
tenyder, t-pi 15 , feteenrod, Sumter feweney, Jacob Thompson,
Turney Ward, Watterson, Weller, Westbrook, Joseph L
White, James W Williams, and Wood—87
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON rose to move lhat the
bill be recommitted to the Committee of Wajs and
Means, wi'h cer'atn instructions, which were un-
derstood to be, that the committee report an amend-
ment to the same purport as that offered by IVJr
Fillmore, (authorizing the tale of the bondb be-
low par,) and rejected.
Some conversation followed oh a po'rt of ore'er,
which resulted in the bill bt^ng oiie.ed to a thirl
reaJmg at this time.
And the motion of Mr. Johnson bs ng ihen be-
fore the House, in order—
Mr. J. very bruily explaned íi e object he had
in view in piesenting the msUucuons He ailu led
to the serióos apprehension wh.ch ex s ed on all
hands m relation to ins success of th'S me ^aie,
and to the pawer to obtain the funds necessary to
meet the necessary v anís of the Government
Mr. J. urged the necebSi'v ot the adopt on of
such an amendment, vindicating it on th* 'core of
economy, in preference to raising the rate of m e-
rest; and demonstrating the injurious eon-equenc s
which would result trom the l?tter step, in altering
the standard ot inie>estinihe Slates holding out in-
ducements to usurers, at>d compelling tho States to
borrow money at a higher rate of merest than six
per cent.
Mr. J. moved the previous question on the in-
structions.
The SPEAKER said that motion would cut off
the motion, to reconsider, and   would bring   the
House to a direct vote on the passage of the bill.
Some conversation followed, when Mr Johnson
Withdrew the motion for the previous question.
And the question now being on the mofon to
recommit, with instructions—
Mr. ARNOLD sam that gentlemen could now
see the difficulty m which they were involved by re-
jecting the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Fillmore.] Those who had
voted for the only proportion that could bring up
the sunken and suit sinking credit ot this nation,
■were not to be held responsible. If gentlemen
choose to carry on thii discussion, en them be the
responsibility. The amendment was an all un-
important one; and without it this bill would not,
he be! eved, bring a dollar into the Treasury. The
parage of ihe bill in its present form would bat
sink us deeper and deeper. Wnereas, had the
amendment passed, as it might have cone it had
cot been for tpe votes of two or th.ee of the pecu-
liar friends of ihe President, the Government
might soon have been re'ieved
The only earnest wh.ch Congress could give «o
the community and to cppitah ts, to v bom ws
mutt look for relief, was to say to ¡hem, "Here ore
our bonds; take them for wnat ihey w.U bring. We
wvi e compe won " That wou'd prove to the
world lhat we were hon<~st and earnest: tnat woul 1
elévale our credit to par value. Until v?3 bad
thus proved that we were honest and earmV, «e
could etpect our obliga' ons to be at pir. Ihe
House had go itself into a difficulty, from which
there was no mode of escaping except by 'he
adoption of the molnn. of the gentleman from Ma-
ryland, [Mr Johnson.]
Mr. FILLMORE said he knew that the gentle-
man from Maryland had offered his amendment
with the oest intentions, and with a view to carry
but what he (Mr. F ) had so urgently pressed upon
the Hou'e. Bat there had been a very full vote
tota morning—a vote taken under a full knowledge
of ihe responsibility restm  upon them; and thi>
very amendment had been lost by two votes And
after it had heen lost, a gentleman who bad voted
against it [Mr Cravens] had r.sen and proposed to
move a reconsideration of that vote, if two of the
members who had voted against it, or either of
them, would indic-ite their willingness ty vote the
other way. To that proposition no response was
made—
[Mr Wise.   No one heard 11 ]
And no member ndicated h.s willingness to
change his vote. He therefor  regret ed lo say
that he despaired at th s time ot carrying the
amendment, notwithstanding lhat he considered it
ot the very first importance; and he thought that
t.me would be savef by at ouce taking a vote on
the passage of the bill, and senmng it to the Senate;
and let it be seen what that bo iy would do with it.
In reply to a question from Mr. W. C Johnson,
Mr FILLMORE said he had already declared
that, in h>s opui.on, the money could not be ob-
tained under the bill a5* it now stood; anl he had,
w.t'i all th* power of which he v as capab'c, U'ged
the necessity of adopting th s ampml <-ent But
notwithstanding that, gentlemen who doubtle-,3
kne v much better that ho d.d, had «nought prpp r
lo reject i*. And shou'd t e or >h* gentKuan from
Maryland ccinenl asn *s* the trqjor tv in sue i a
bod'? Tiey must y, hi'Hir po.1 , and on that
niijor ty the responsibility m> tr°st. He and the
gent'eman from MarvlanJ [Mr. Johnson] had dis-
charged rhci' d" v; and it, in me course oi 'eg-sig.
non, thi-, question ecuü agft'i be p'cs nted, ha
sbo'd ', unicss i„ct- n n row k 13c n 10 him should
prompt him'o pur ue adult-tern CDUfe, be pre-
pired by his voice and vote to take the ie-ponsi-
bihty of that amendment, here and every where.
Bat it must be apparent tha' this motion to re-
commit would lead to«-nd'ess difficulty. Tbe pre-
vious qttes ion c<"uld not b  called. A long debate
was unavoidable, and his own opinion w?s lhat
they ought at once to pa -- ihe bdl A fair vote
had b-en taken on the amendment, and it had ben
lost. A fair opportunity had been given to recon-
sider, and there had been no indication of achange
of vote. And was it now worlh while to enter into
a long, probably into an endless debate, on the mo-
tion to recommit, for the purpo-e of restoni g this
section when there w.ts not the least evidence that
it was possible to do so'
If it were in order to refer to the S na'e, he
would say, that if the body took the ssme v%w of
the subject a* the mtnon'y of ihe House had done,
it would be in their power to restore the amend-
ment, and then a renewed vote could be taken in
the House. But it seemed to him that It would he
but uas'mg lime to entrr atn thi- proposition now.
F< r t're pu'pose, thetef r , ot tesmif the ccnse of
ihe H use v'heih r the hul shon'd b  now at orce
drpo ed of or not, he wou'd move the previous
qaesttcn
Mr V7ÍSE a ked Mr. FiL'-wirr to wthdraw
the motion, io enable h ta (Mr. V j to -ubmit a
proposition
Mr FILLMORE wi'V-e."the mole on the
plelge of Mr. W'«d to 'tí   it
Mr WISE (after some ír'efrttj'iors on a point
of o der) sived his propo tin" to be this—'o cou-
pie with those uistr 'etions positive mstruc i^ns to
the Committee of Ways <<rjd Means to point'o a
snecific fund to rtis bill to te>en we loar, euher
írom lands or customs he cared no' wm„h. He
would ih n vot  lo-  .ny provisto" o this sort, be-
cause ihen he would have a sccnrnv t^at (he bonds
woald no' be «oil u<u < r par. B"t, in Go tN
naoie, let them not «o rv* witno-.t s curit".
H" agreed 'Vi n ih" "--p'lernAP from New York
[Mi FiLLMr-pF] thit it ihs loan "?'led, ihe l'spin-
ability wodld r°st with sorneboly. He (Mr. W )
wculd take his share of it.
Mr. W. accoidmg to pledge, lenewed the de-
mand lor the previous question.
Mr. W C. JOHNSON pppealed to Mr. W-se
to withdraw the motion.
Mr. WISE said he could not withdraw without
the consent of Mr Fillmore.
Mr. JOHNSON appealed to Mr, Fillmobb.
Mf. FILLMORE declined to wiihdraw the mo-
tion, remarking that he was desirous ¡o say a few
words.
[Several voices, So am I—we all want to talk,
&,s.]
On Taction of Mr. WARREN, a call of the
House was ordered—and some proceedings were
again had, the result of which the Reporter could
not hear, when all further proceedings on the call
were suspen led
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON tl en withdrew hh mo-
tion to recommit with instructions, and moved to
reconsider the vo'e I y which the bill had been or-
dered to be ensros-ed for a third reading.
Saveral gentleman, Mr. J. said, had expressed
their willingness, if*the House would reconsider
this vo'e, to mote to reconsider the vote by which
the amenmenr of the gentleman from New York
[Mi. Fillmore] has! been rejected.
And Mr. J demanded the previous question.
And theie was a second:
And the mam question (being on the reconside-
ration) was ordered lo be now taken.
Mr. CLIFFORD asked the yeas and nays on
the mam question, which were ordered; and, being
taken, re-ulted as 'ollovs:
\ E V3—Me, !  A lams Allen, Sherlock I Andrews, Ar-
nold A\cri"£ Bakei ISai lard, Bauou, Ü rdaeye, Blair, Board
mm 15 ukn, Botti bi ickway Bronson A V Brown, Milton
Bio n Bui ioll William But.' r, Calhoun Thomas J Camp
boll CaruJiei-, Cdsi-v Chi'ds,Chittenden, lohn 0 Clark, Col
quit limes Cooler M A Cooper, Cowen Cian=!on,C lehmg,
U-^eirj IhnEuwirh. Everett, 1 es enden, Fillmore, Gen
tiy, Pal lokG Goodf Oieeu IIaúeriham,IIall, \\m S lias-
in * Ht-mv Hopkirs Howard, Hudooo,J ft Insersoll, James
Irvm, W W Irwin tamec, it m Ce-t Johnson Isaac D Jones,
lohn P Kennedy, Lai e, I av rerce, Abraham McClellan, Sam-
si i Mason Ma him Ail thewi, Mattorks, Maxwell, Maynard,
Moore, Morgan, Munis, Morrow O*ome, Parmenter, Pen
dleton Po,"e, Powell, Pi oft , li Randall, Aleiandei Randal/,
Bam dph, Raynei, Ridaway, William Resell, Saltonslall,
Sheppeid, i-iinonfon, slade, Truman Sm th, Soliera, Stanly,
Alexander H H Stuart, Tahafeno, Rlrhaid W Thompson,
li hnghast, Toland, Tom mson, Tiumhnll, Vti Rensselaer,
Warren Washington, Wat'ersor, L Iwaid D Win e, Th >mas
W Williams, Cnn t phel II Williams Yotke, and Augustus
Yonna—102
1SAYS— Messis LandaffW Andrews, Artmgton, Atherton,
Bee on, Bl ick, Bo,d Burle Wi ham O Butler, Green W
Caldwell, Patn k ( Caldwell Cary, Chapman. CI fiord, Coles,
Crivens Dannl, Garrett Davis, Richard P Dana, Dawson,
Dean, Eastman, Fornarce, t*aies, Ooisrin, Gordon, Granger,
Gwm Harris John Hastings, Hays, Holmes, Hubard, Hunter,
Chirles J Ingersoll, Jack, Cave Johnson, Keim Andrew
Kennedy, Littlefield, RobertMcClellan, McKay, McKeon,MaI-
lory, Mai chand, Thomas F Marshall, Medill, Newhard/Oliver,
Ows'ov, Reed, Reding, Rencher, Reynoldb, Rh tt, Rlgg", Ro-
«en> Roo,ovelt, J M Rus&ell Sanlord, Saunders, William 
Smith, Snyder, Sprisg Rteenrod Juhn T Simart, Summer ,
Sum ei Sweney, J„cob Thompson, Tnplett, Underwood,
Wallace, Wird Wellei Weitbrook,Joseph L Williams, James
\V Williams, Wi c an I Wood—7S
So the vote by which the bill had been ordered
lo b  engrossed for a third readirg was reccn^i-
dered.
[A messpge m writing was received fiom the
President ol the United S'ates Dy the hands of
R, Bsa-i Tile , esq his Sec-eiary ]
The question aga n reoumrg en the engrossment
of the bi'l,
Mi. MOORE of Loui-ian?, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the following amendment,offer-
ed bv Mr Filim .be (as a substitute for the fourih
econ as proposed kv Mr Evebett, and adopted
m Committee of the Whole,) had been rejee'ed:
' Strike out all after the word 'that,' in the firbt line, and in-
sert ' he i ion*,  to ihe second taction of the «aid act is hereby
renewed, and me feecruarvo' the Tiea^uiy i  heiebv autho-
rized to can e the sto i heieiftci to be i«>ue j to be disposed ot
at the hi  es nun which he cm obtain for (lie same,on Its
beine ad«iti e Uiea«nnau'< time to proposal , but oufmx
whitevel shall be oil below pa. excep. uponand in pursu-
ai l„ ot a specific ulvei i eirent and by virtue thereol
Th-s ration, Mr. M. was understood to «ay, he
made with rcluilance, under a deep sense ot the
prcs .ns exigercies of the Government.
And Mr. M moved ihe previous question; and
there was a «eeond.
And 'he mam question (bemg on the reconside-
ra'to>3) was ordered to be ¿low taken.
Mr WISE called for the yeas and nays on the
main 'qu^cm. wh.ch were ordered, and, being
taken, resulted as follows:
YPiS—Messrs Adams,  Allen, Lanlraf \V   Andrews, S
I Andrews, Arnold Avcngg  Baker, Barnard Baiton, Bud ,
eve    Blair  Boaidman, Boulen,  Bolt.,,  Biockw v    Bron-on,
Bur'neH, Wra   Butler 'ca'houn Wm  B Campbell, Thos   J
Campbell, Cuide, Chittenden Jo.mC Claik  'ames Coope',
