CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            400
Springvilie, Susquehanna county, Pennsylvania,
(accompanied by documents, to wit, pi7 of conti-
nental money,) praying that Congress may make
an appropriation te redeem the same. Referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, presented the petition of s-venty-eight citi-
zens of Asylum, Bradford county, Pennsylvania
(two of them soldiers of the Revolution,) praying
for the repeal of all laws, and the alteration of all
constitutional provisions by which they are bound
to countenance slavery; also re«tonslra'ing against
the annexation of Texas to tie United States.
Also, a petition signed by eighty citizens of Asy-
lum aforesaid, praying that all orders, rules and
practices of the Senate and Houve of Representa-
tives, placing petitions on the subject of slavery on
a different fuotiDg from other lawful petitions, may
be annulled and rescinded.
Also, a petition signed by eighty citizens of Asy-
lum aforesaid, praying that the slave trade in the
Distiict sf Columbia may be abolished, or that the
seat of Government may be removed to some place
where the slave trade does not exist.
The last three petitions being on the subject of
abolition were not received, but were left to the de-
cision of the Speaker, to decide whether (hey con
tained any thing ihat did not come within the 21st
rule, and that could be referred.
Mr. HOPKINS pre enicd two petitions from citi-
zens of Wyihe County, Virgiu , remonstrating
against the removal of the districi court of the Uni-
ted S:ates from Wytheville to Abingdon.
Mr. HOLMES presented the petition of Charlot'e
Head, widow of Ri.diard M. Head, praying a pen-
sion for the Revolutionary servicer of her hus-
band. Re.'erred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that ths House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
But, on the suggestion of the SPEAKER, waiv-
ed the moiion ihat the Senate Wilson the Speaker's
tabls might be taken up.
And the following bills were then read twice by
their titles and appropriately referred:
An act authorizing the settlement and payment
of certain claims of the State of Alabama.
An act authorizing the  relinquishment of the
16th sections granted to the use ot schools, and the
entry of other lands in lieu thereof.
An act for the relief of George Nix.
An act for the relief of Enoch Hidden.
An act for the relief of Richard Patten.
An act for the relief of Daniel Kleirs.
An act for the relief of the lega! representatives
of Richard T. Banks, of the State of Arkansas.
The joint resolution from ihe Senate authorizing
the extension of the contract for carrying the mail
on the route between Mobile and New Orleans
coming up on its first and second reading—
Some conversation followed between Messrs.
BRIGG3, WHITE, of Louisiana, and the SPEAK-
ER—
When the resolution was committed to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Road?, with the
following instructions, adopted on the motion of
Mr. WARREN:
"That the tri-weekly mail route from Macen to Bainbrtctee,
Geoigia, be changed, as heretofore ordered by the Postmaster
General, to goby Perry, Travellers Rest, Americus, Surke-
ville, Albany, and Newton; and to enable the Postmaster Gene-
ral to force the change, he be authorized andduected to let the
contract for carrying the mail, so soon as his Department can
do so according to law, for tiie balance ot the present term of
the contracts, and to the conclusion of the nextyear."
The joint resolution from the Senate providing
for the distribution of the primed returns of the
Sixth Census was taken up, read twice by its title,
and, by general consent, was read a third time and
passed.
The joint resolution of this House on the subject
of the printed tables of the Sixth Census, which
had been returned from the Sánate, was taken up,
and the amendment (which is merely verbal) wa|
concurred in.
On motion of Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi,
(submitted on leave,) the letter written to him by
Frederick A. Brown was ordered to be taken as a
petition praying Congress for permission to enter
the southwest quarter of section thirty-six, town-
ship twenty-six, in range three east, in the Grena-
da land district, in the State of Mississippi, (or a I
campground; and was referred accordingly.           |
Mr. CLIFFORD, of Maine, on leave given, pre-
senied certain joint resolutions from the Legislature
of Maine, (in reference to what objecrthe Reporter
knows not.)   Laid on the table.
Mr. TILLINGHAST, on leave given, presented
certain joint resolutions from ths JLegislature of
Rhode Island; which were laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. F1LT-M0RE, the House re-
solved itself into ihe Committee of the Whole on
the stat* of the Union, (Mr. Tbompsin of Indiana
in the chair ) and resumed the consideration of ihe
bill making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of Government for the year 1842.
The pendiBg question being on the motion of
Mr. Profpit to strike out the following item:
"No. 213. For repairs, refitting, and improvements of light
houses and buildings connected therewith, one hundred and
twenty five thousand three hundred and fifty-seven dollars and
eighty-two cents."
Mr. PROFFÍT addressed the committee at great
length in continuation of his remarks of Satur-
day.
[The SPEAKER took the chair informally to
receive the, following report-:
Mr. GOODE of Ohio, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found to be correct the till making ap-
propriations for the construction of a war steamer
for harbor defence.
Mr. IRVIN, from the same committee, reported
that the committee had examined and found to be
correct the bill to Confirm the title to certain lands
in the State of Louisiana, and to auihonze the
issuing of patents for the same.
The said bills received the signature of the
Speaker.
And. the Chairman resumed his seat in commit-
tee.]
Mr.PROFFIT concluded by withdrawing lis
motion to strike out.
Mr. SPRIGG said he would renew the motion;
but
Ths CHAIRMAN gave the floor to
Mr. FILLMORE, who said it was very impor-
tant that this bill shoul.1 be passed with the utmost
despatch. They were pressed for the passage of
the Navy appropriation hill, and the appropria-
tion bill frr the support of the Army. Hewasin-
fortned from the Navy Department that the funds
appropriated for that Department were all ex-
haus'erf, and all the funds that could be transferred
toihe use of that Department were also exhausted.
He was extremely anxious that no general debate
should be indulged on this bill. He did not re-
gret thst tfte subject had been gone into for the
purpose of calling attention to it. The Co-rmit-
tee of Ways and Means had had the subject under
consideration, had held a correspondence with the
Department in reference to it, and bad prepared
somi amendments, to be effered at the proper
place, for the purpose of oorrectirg some of the
ab'ises in the expendituie of thisraeney.
in addition, he would say that ihe Committee of
Ways and Means were so well saiisfied that seme
legislation was necessary thatt'-ey bad reported a
resolution referring the whole subject to the Com-
mi'tce on Commerce, which committee was dili-
gently engaged in seeing whether any additional
legislation was necessary, and, when that report
came in, it wiald be a more appropriate time for
further discussion of this subject.
This appropriation was in pursuance of law, al-
thoush not designated in amount; and it was a re-
markable fact, in reference to the appropriations
for our light-house system, that no legislation had
been had en the subject since 17S9. It was not,
therefore, strange that thete were many things
which required an examination an? legislation for
the purpose of correction. The whole authority
on vfhich th s system ro?s managed was found in
the 3d section of the act of 1789, from which he
read, and which gives to the Secretary of the Trea-
sury the duty of the management and provision for
the erection of the necessary light-houses. This
was the whole authority, except simply the laws
.   passed from time to time directing light-houses to
be built at different points. In 1831 alawwas
passed declaring that no collector should receive
over §400 per annum for any other ««Vice?
he might render than as collector. The keepers
of light-houses were paid1* certain salary pel-an*
num.
The appropriations recommended in this bill
were simply for the purpose of keeping up the
lighthouse system as it now existed; and they had
had taken the precaution to provide against the
payment of those fees of collectors of ports when
their salaries were alieady $1,000, because they
thought a collector's whole services due to the pub-
lic when he receives this sum, and that he ought'to
peiform ihe duty of light house lteerer without
pay. This was all the committee had felt in their
power to co'reel abuses. He appealed to the mem-
bers of this committee in behalf «f those who were
suffering fur want oí appropriations in this bill and
o'hers, if possible, to dispense with debate on this
subject until thsy reached the other bill.
Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland adverted to the
fact that the whole subject had been referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and said the occasion
would be presented by their report to revive the
discus-sion. He hoped that then he should have an
opporiunity to show the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. PaoPFiT.] who was so desirous to produce re-
iorm in this system, that he had fallen into some
very stranye mistakes. It was sufficient for him
now to say, that it was his clear conviction that
there wis no belter managed light-house system in
the world than ours, at the present time.
Mr. J. C. CLARK said he regretted that hia
friend from Indiana [Mr. Proffit] could not have
reconciled it to his sense of duty to have deferred
this discussion and attack on our light-house sys- -
tern until amere fit occasion. When the report
came in from the Commit ee on Commerce, which
had been charged b/ two resolutions of this House
to investigate njinutely into all the causes of abuse
pointed out by the gentleman from Indiana, they
would have the whole subject thrown wide open
before the House, and they could take a latitude of
debate, which on this particular bill was somewhat
out of order.
He ro>e to make an appeal to the members of
the comrailtree to defer till the next bill came up
the discussion on this suhj;ci. That our light-ht use
establr-b.ri.eut was not perfect they all knew; but it
was not so radically defective ai the genileman
thought. He would say tothecomrnitiee that the re-
pert would scon bemade,and then the subject would
come up for discussion. He hoped that gentleman
would concur in seeing that the importance of the
subject demanded a separate discussion; and that
it was not the time to enter into it on tbL bill for the
relief of the creditors of Government, and that
gentlemen would agree with him that the impor-
tance of parsing this bill «as paramount to every
other consideration.
Mr. SPRIGG said he had never seen the ocean
or a li ht hou-.c, but his attention had been drawn
to the er.ormons increase of ibis branch of the na-
tional expense1', and early in the session he had
presented a resolution demanding of theSecretary
of the Treasury lull information on ¡his subject;
1 and that information, a? he understood, might very-
well have been reported before this time. He
wantrd an account of the contracts entered into,
and how iar the contracts hsd been complied with,
to be laid before ihem, and had addressed a letter
to the Secretary of ibe Treasury, in reply to which
he had received a letter, faying that they had not
the time to furnish the information. From all the
information he had acquired on the subject, he be-
lieved that Government was greatly swindled in re-
gard to th's matter.
Mr. S. renewed the motion  to   strike   out this
item.                                                                 .
He said he would willingiy have acquiesced in
the appeal made by the gentlemen from New York
[Messis. Fillmore and J. C. Clírk;] but
when he looked at the startling facts that he
had ascertained—when he saw the vast improve-
ments wade in our harbors and in navigation,
and the expenses of that system, which had
amounted to $20,000,000 since the formation of
Government, and not one dollar of which was
