CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
which suma portion had been spentm endeavoring
to makea foundation,but thegreater pnrtof thetnnd
remains unexpended. Trie whole force of the
ocean breaks upon this spo', and the effort has tbu<*
far prov-d fruitless. Now, it is propose t to apply
the principie known as Mitchell's screw pile, tor
the foundation, and as that principa has been well
tested in England for ligh" house*, t is likely to
succeed at Flinn's knoll. The importance of the
light to the commerce ot not only the Union but
the world demands the experiment ihould be
made, especially a^ but one thud of the sum unex-
pended will be required.
Mr. MoKeon siated that the principle of "Mitch-
ell's moving screw " had Ken successfully ap
plied in England in es-'ablis' mg foundations
for hght-housfs upon sand shoa's and spus, in situ-
tions exposed to a heavy sea, and b here other
modes of con-ttuc'ion had been considered
impracticable, anting from the unstable na-
ture of the bottom to be built up >n; that, it
could be construe'ed at a small cost as compared
with thai of other modes usua'ly adop ed¡ that it
couli be erected in a much shorter period of time
than any other; that it prodeces no sensible change
in the shape or surface of the bar, by wh'eh the
stability ot a stone structure might be endangered,
and, finally, that it would be eminently well adapted
to the localt'y of the --hoal near Sandy Hojk light,
known ss Plyno's Knoll.
Mr. McKeon sta'ed further, that for about one-
third of the unexpended balance of this app'opri?-
tton, a light house up< n the pnncipl" c f ¡he ir>oving
sciew could te ere.t'd at F'vnn'o Knjll, and cot'ld
be comple'ed in a single reason
Mr. McKeon added, that tv o light-houses bailt
upon this principle were in vuceesstul operation in
England, one, at the mouth cf the Thames ruer,
exposed to the beisvy gales of the North .¡-a, and
the other on the west c a«t ot England, at the
mouth of Wye, open to the lush ící>.
The esp nie of tne light snips wa=, •>« shown by
the gentli maa from Indiana, very great In his
(Mr. McK ' ) opinion, m some cases, the Mitchell
i.crew pile might be advamageousl) used. ¥/here
there was n > great dep'h of wa er as the case was
in the Long Island sound hah -ship, a substitution
of a ligh'-hoa-e for a ship might take place The
location and erec'i*>n of beecor.s viere matters of
some moment Tr-e gfntlenan from Kentucky
se med to think they were small matters. Not so.
There was ose at Sanuy Hook which cost nearly
thirty Ih'usand dolla'sj and yet, from what he had
heard of it, the site wa1 not properly selected. He
admitted, even as it was situated, it was of benefit
to navipating interests; but s'lll it might have been
better located, and he thought belter bu It, for the
money expended. He trusted the commit ee wouH
examin  whe her or r.d some economy m that te-
speet might not be had.
The buojs, al-o, ww a source oí expenditure.
They requned to be more distinguishable, and
more permanent. They are continually breaking
away from their imperfect ancho, wg; and not ony
the manner suffered from their ab^-nce, but the
Government was con'inually expos;d to the ex-
pense of salvage on the-e buoys.
He (Mr. McK i would not now mrke.ar-y fur-
ther rem. rks His obj et was to call the at'eniion
of the Coram,ttee on Commerce to the subject.
Tne suggestion he threw out were intended for
them, and he hoped that when they reponed, some
method would be devised to pit f n"t rply more
effidency to the «ystem, but also to bring ei.ono ny
to besr on one oí the mo*t f-ithtfnl sources of ix-
pendtture, bu'at the "ame tune tne of the racst
important' ¡n'ers s of the Gov-rrme  '.
Mr. J C. CLERIC s.>id that he ' *i been "cry
anxicuston.pl/ to nea'iackm de'>/"ir Pa'r
pit on the sister .n nei -ral, ar 1 pa 'i u'srlj n
the character of Mr. Lewi«, the coi rector, to
who'e acsidji'y and fa htul e s the ounoy was
deeply indebted', but Iroir bio Si'l slrotger arxittv
not to delay the passage ot the nppr pnalion b 11,
he would forego his purpose, and con en' to lei the
question be taken
Mr. WINTHROP was understood to speak n
defence of Mr. Lewis. He observed that all the
charges now advanced agamst the system had been
made long ago, in th  Senate, and t'lumpbantly
repelled. Mr. W. referred to a letter recent-
ly received fiom Mr. Lewis, in whtch, after
refeiring to the practical benefits which had resulted
trom the introduction of his rew mode of lighting,
and alluding to his long experience and intimate
knowledge of t'ae whole system (or the last thirty-
two years, he requeued that if aiy attack should
be made upon his rharec er, an immediate investi-
gation might be had. As tu the fact that orne of
the light-houses bad fallen down, could any con-
tractor <•( mro! 'h° storms of th° rcean or limit
tbetr effect? Had not the f rest Ed 'intone hsht-
Iku-b been repeated!) denroy°d, as well as that on
the Goodwin sand ? Mr. W. concluded by refer-
ring to the concurrent testimony of old sea captains,
and other nautical characters, as well as of the
Presidents of the insurance companie , to ti e ex-
. cellenre of the management of the 1 g'u h )uses of
the Unioi
Mr. "WISE (to whom Mr. Sprigg had referred
ti wincing" under the speech of his friend from
Indnna) admitted that he had felt somewhat wor-
ried whilst listening to it. Bat he would say to
Wel tern gentlemen that if they were ready to put
out the l.gbt-houscs, those residing oa the coast
itjeif were quite as ready. Was it their produce
which tras endang^d by rocks ?nd shoals or
de troyed by wreck-? or \i as it the produce
of thos" who lived m the int°riOi' And as
to wrecks, his friend from the coast of Net
Jer«ey could tell who were person illy bene-
fitted by ther*. As st(a ps a s! id was s raid-
ed the crmmi-sicner of trrerk- prt out with his
fosse wmti'us and took no-session, and ths who e
neove^d was «o'd for salvage, which w;s never
less than fiom a third toa ha'f, and some of those
w-eckers were'he basest of nankind, and would
stand with their bca s in realirfss w?i'ing on the
1 etch till the list tbr"b of Lie was ex'inet in the
poor lost crew, mó then dart ukebairics upon the
jpoil. He wsssom to say that some cf his own
c nstituents we e men of this ¿e*cip ion He re-
ferred to his formtr attacks on the Van Buren ad-
ministration, on the grour,d«that their extravagance
had put rut the eyes of th- ocean—the eyes of
commerce. He ¡"sis'ed mat moie 1'ght houses
were needed in the Chesapeake Biy as "¡sell as on
the coast of North Carolina and Florida. He de-
nounced an attack on the light hcu'e system as a
ihirg almost inhuman, so trifling was its expense
in comparison to the -avmg of life aad property.
The cargo of a "ingle bntt wrecked on the coan of
Virg.nia would b«ve maintained all the light houses
in the State for five yean He believed the object
of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Proffit] to
have bpen patriotic- and he admitted that there
mieht te wr e abuses- but expressed it as his de-
cided convistmn that, on the whole, the light-house
s>s'em, as at present exi-tms, was one of the best
cnndueteii departments of the American Govern-
m-nt As to the at'ack on Winslow Lewis, Mr
W undersiood that tueie was a ierson of Mr L 's
own ram  now in torn anrl very busily trg ged in
c r"!1'*! "g >-epre- r,,r,,.crjs to hi', prejudice, ard
p.sibl,' bt cause that veiy ma would not suffer
certain ab is s to ex s' in the s' «tem.
Mr. W!LLl\.vIS of C-nnecttcui wert into a
s'attstical stp/eme-it, from puo'.c documents, go,tig
to ¡>ho'v that ¡be expenses of the system bad
been very cn'reriMv r dn-cd n 1841; ard pav-
ing that the ' >'al c . t or th  light-hou¡.e eatab'.isli-
met>i m 'be Uni'ed Sirle '.as lts-> t an half that
ot i'i° Ens' n, and m y o,ie-tk rd that of the
Frii 'h. Tne ? veíase expTse of per 1 sit bouses
>/as «1,1'j, vhi'e ttwt "t 'ne Br' "h vas f2 600,
-ii.i' 'hat oí ti e Pr eh $2 30" be^t s e.1 000 hot
formal.s Ke Jt)i"t"e1 -oue o the light houses
nigh  n-1 e been i~ini"ti 'y pact; but th" nam-
W oi ""'(h v a< ve-y ^ n'l A' o the collector-,
he sfa ed r< o-ot to sl i v wl-i the} were more pro-
per nerqot.s f> 1 e cha .el í i h «c superi"'endi nee
of tee hi'nt hiuies th-.u &r ' general heard could
ke He rep ud to some o' j-ct ops urged oy Mr.
PserPiT í>gam-t the erecti n of three low lisbt-
houses on one point, by showing it was for the
purpose rf distinction from other lights m the vici-
nity, and the whole cost less than one lofty light-
, house,
I
Mr. W. replied to the remarks of Mr. Spjuaa,
as to the general contract; and insisted that, should
the system now working so well be arrested and
consisned to new hands, the cost, instead of be-
írg diminished, would, in all probability, bo
doubled.
Mr CU8HING had no doubt the real object of
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Pa ppit] had
been to strengthen, not to injure, the existing light-
house system, but ibat gentlemaa labored under er-
roneous impression,. This was no question of
seabeard interest against the interest oí the interior.
In confbma'ion of ibis, Mr. C ref rred to the light
money oí hfiy cen s per ton paid by foreign ship-
ping, and six cents by our own, and putting out the
lights on the coast would only increase the co^t of
insurar.ee and freight, and thus bns-g a larger
charge on the producer, who, in the end, must bear
the difference. As to the alleged inequality in the
distribution of the ligh's, it might be true that Flo-
rida and ihe South had too tec; but that did not
prove that the North and East had too many. The
eastern coast was studded with haibors and cities,
and filled with a dense population largely engaged
m commerc; and though vessels from abroad
might not need so many light-houses, and might
even be put to inconvenience by them, yet the op.
pos-ie wast i ue of the coasting trade, which was
grea'er in ¡>raoun*, and needed mo>t protection.
Mr. FILLMORE made a beseeching appeal to
the commute-; ag-amst retarding the bill, especially
when not a man had avoared himself in favor of
ihe mxt on to s nke out.
Mr SPSIGG, however, resumed the floor, and
wire with -r.ore earnestness man ever. He said
he had been as ailed most gro-aly, and he would
add most falsely, as if desirous to put out the eyes
of the ocean, or of commerce; h« was friendly to
the system, and to say otherwise was to make a
false iw>, uncandid ard unbecoming. While the
gentlemen from Indiana was exculpated, (because,
a- he supposed, he was a brother member of ' the
guard,") Mr. S. was left under the charge of a want
ot patriotism, and of an inhuman attack on [the
1 ght-houves. He insisted that in the contest for
the Fresi-lenej the nation was in greater danger
th-sn ever of being saddled with extravagant ex-
pend'lu.e-, because the friends of each candidate
sou?ht to concil a'e friends by lavishing money on
d íekBi fections of th" Union. He represented
Mi. Wise as "a war horse," ready for all manner
of expenditures fur navy, army, newfangled
steamers, furuacations any thing, every thing that
he thought could get votes for John Tyler. Mr. S.
said he hated bypensy above all things, and said
something, not very distinctly heard, about his wil-
lingness that ah hypocrites should burn in hell, &c.
Tne o-e.itleman ti d clamored against the expenses
oí the Florida war, but though that man snorted
then as loudly as he did n >w in the House, not a
note was to te heatd against the eroin.ous expen-
dí ures for customhouses and hght-hjuscs. Oh,
no, ih=re vce too ma' y votes to get in New York
and ,n V—ach_ et s     [A laugh.]
Mr. S d -< 'a ""ed ail latent on of a personal at-
tack n "VJr Ltwis, whom he did not know. He
c mparid t-e expand ure  for lighting the coast,
«.ad t'-e da g rs of ooa-t navigation, with the long
dark coar e of ihe Western rivers, and the dangers
o' n vgvion among snags and sawyers, &e. The
rperrleis c i'e Consr-s-it nn' Temperance Socie-
t"v cll< 1 tie t.seivcs guar'ians on the watch tower.
Why were thev h-li their time out of the House,
and not gusndirg it agamst extravagance and mis-
?prl,ca!ionLf ' e pubnc íncteyl
B'r S tb cairn ^ to tsd his constituents about
•h- ' i«e -urn, nppronia.ed for dockyards rew-
(ash oi.ed ,teamer-, new rsnks in the navy, bght-
h u,es. c i t m-1 ou e , a^a all under tbts rettench-
men.Ad.nmi-r.Uon. He stood pWged o ad-
van e -o m^.'s poi"esi fortune-; nor would he
!teak here ,n.h> spirt of a temperance society
watchrran, bu' herein thesptntof h's own pe.ple
—an hone t, fearle s, hard-working, independent
constituency.
After a brief rejoin from Mr. Proff t—
Mr SPBIGG  concluded  to modify  his   mo.
tion, ' He withdrew the motion to  strike  out tb 
