fI0
„,_,    ....................■      i             '■   ' ■■ •            im^t.
JUf. WISE said that would rest with the determination of tlie
Mr FILLMORE made the suggestion, because he wished to
more the addition of two officers of the marine corps to the
Mr HOPKINS desired to more an amendment, so to modify
the bill that the rules and regulations should be presented to
Congress, and, unless disappioved by Congress, should be the
law of the land If they required the action of Congress, it
would he presumed that Congress would a<" upon them
Mr ADAMS said this was but a renewal &f the amendment
which had been offered and then withdrawn by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr Wise,] and he objected to it, that it was a
transfer of legislative powei toaboardofofficers, which he doubt-
ed whether Congress had the power to make It would be just as
reasonable to transfer the power of legislation from the two
Houses of Congress to the President, and to say that he shall
make the laws for the people of this Union, which should oper
ate as laws unless Congress disapproved them flow he hoped
that never would be done It ha) been once done by this House—
or what was almost equivalent—by the adoption of a body of
regulations prepared by General Scott, for the i egulation of the
army of the United States , but that law was repealed by a law
as shoit as the one by whit h the regulations were adopted
This proposition, however, was still more objecti liable be
causethe side 01 laws was enacted In advance, while in the m
stance to which he had leferred, the regulations were submit
ted before Congress adopted them     He hoped this and the
other House would never again transfei such power  For what
was it that was proposed?   Why, power to form a system of
criminal laws, by which to try and condemn to death, and a
code of laws, to be drawn by officeis who were to enforce them,
while the common sailor, for whose protection from the cru
elty and tyianny of these officers some regard should be had,
were not represented on the board by which the laws were to
be made    In the nature of all governments oí the army ana
navy, there were many regulations that were exceedingly ob
jectionable    Such laws weie too generally of a despotic char
acter    But it became the duty of a Republican Government to
guard by regulations, not only that seamen, but that officers
also, should be protected from the tyranny of their supe
ñora,
Mr. WISE said if the gentleman from Massachusetts would
allow him to interrupt him, he would state that the Committee
on Naval Affairs were very desirous to have a due regard, and
a very tender regard, for the sailoi, but their difficulty was in
selecting the persons who should be m the board to lepresent
the sailor It would not be proper to put sailors themselves
there, andoutofthe navyitwas scaicely possible to find any
proper peison, sutliciently well informed for that purpose He
therefore would isk tht- gentleman with a view to amend the
bill, whether he could suggest some class to lepresent the sail
ors
Mr ADAMS slid it was out of hie powei toiecommend any
Class, foi the subject had come upon him suddenly arid he
should not now have said any tlnrg but that he had become
alarmed, lest the rules an 11 emulations of the boaid should be
come law without the action oí Congress
Mr IIOPKIN'S withdiew his amendment
Mr TRIPILTrbubmilted an amendment, to provide for the
addition oí ' two persons not connected with the aimy and
navy, and two officers ol the marine corps "
Mr. SMI 1II of Virginia said that plan would cost money
Mr GRAHAM conceived the bill to be an impon ml one to
the whole country, and he deemed it sufficient lor the pioter
tion of all classes m the naval service Hie officeis would be
represented in the board, and ihe 242 members ol this House
would lepresent the sailors Who wis llierethat \v is mu the
sailor's friend! lied sapprovod of the <IUeg ition of their pow
ei, which had been proposed, and if the rules and regulations
were to be supei vised by this b idy, lie could n >t see my difli
culty
Alter a few words ft om Mi TCSSENDLNand Mi MM.IO
RY, it was tgaed to I ly the bill aside
Mr WILLIAM^ off onoecticut then moved that the commit
tee take up the bill miking the roitof sionniEton a port tftn
try, and creating it a collection dismc, which was passed upon
without debate
The committee then lose ind reponed to the House, ind the
two bills which Mi Ci,sm\o had in charge r^culatmgcom
mercial mterroulBe with JTiench and Spanish c don es, and the
bill creatina fe onmgton a port i f entiy weie ordeied to be en
grossed, and were n ad a third time and passed
The House then adjourned
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 18,1842.
Mr. MERRICK laid before the Senate a com-
municaiion frt m John B Latrt be, a citiz-n of Bal-
timore, requeslug lhat a ¡daiement of certain f?cls
AirnifbH in said communiciiion m'ghi le prm eel
and attached to the repi i of the Ct rarmtlee on
Claims, on ll e petjpon on Lililctcn D-rtns Tepckle
The communication was r-furea to ihe Commntte
on Claims
Mr WRIGHT presented a pennon, wi h ¡m iri-
panying papers, fiom Barely & Lmngsion a re
«pectable mercantile hou e m New York, settmc;
forth that they had been compelled, in the colleen n
of a debt, lo purchase a small Bnti'-h ve s l, under
an execution, for *2,600, and on tv ,ich ihr-v h d lo
expend a  much no e for repairs They nnv>
pra>ed C >ngre-s to p'issa s ccial net, gJiowrgthun
to take cut American papéis to* «?id te sel. The
petition was> refcred to the Comwutee on Com-
merce.
He had also r wii't', peí I a°ked leave to pre-
sent, a resolution pns-ed bt the Lecslature of th"
State of New York, with reference to ihe bill no ;
before Congress tor refunding to Gen. Jackson
Wfrftae and costs, with interest, inflicted on htm by
OONGIftESSIONAL G10BE.
the district court of New Orleans in 1815, and de-
siring the delegation of the State to urge its pas-
sage. The resoluticn-bad been passed on the la
of February, but had not reached him till this
morning He requested it might be read and or-
dered to be primed.
The resolution was accordirgiy rea1, and ihen
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAYARD, from ihe Committee on Naval
Affai.s, reponed back the petition of Henry Fry,
praj ing to be allowed a pension for injuries re
ceived during ihe late war, with a bill for h s re íef,
which was read a first time and ordered to its sec-
ond readme.  '
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from the
mhaotiants of Platte county, Missouri, praying for
ihe establishment of a land office, also, a pcti'ion
for the establishment of a post route. These peti-
tions were appropriately referred.
Mr McROBERTS, np'>n notice given a few
days =ií ce, introduced a bill to make an additional
grant of land to certain anc ent settlers in «he Il-
linois country; wbien wa*¡ read twice, and referred,
with accoropan>ine documen's, to the Commiitee
on Private Land Claims.
Mr. CONRAD presented a petition froti Glandy
Burke asking to be permitted to enter a tract of
land, which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands. He also offered the following re-
solution, which wa<- adopted:
liesohed, That the Committee on Public Lands, to whom
have been relened the claims of T O Meux and of Shields,
Turner, & Ilei shaw be duected to inquire into, and repoit
at the same time on the claim for indemnity of Edward York,
Edward Ogden, Isaac Ogden, J P Tenet, Joseph Laland John
Mintum, Samuel Thompson, Ambrose Lanfritu, Charles
Cligg and J Hidleston their heirs, repicsentatives, or as-
signees
Mr BERRIEN, from the Committee on ihe Ju-
d ciarv, to which had be^n referred the petition of
B S. Minor, aske 1 lo be discharged from i's con-
sideration vvh ch was ¿greed lo He also made a
simi'ar request, vh ch was accedíd to, with regard
to the peuticn of Jacob Gideon, praying Congress
to purchase certain copies of the Jaws of the Uni-
ted Stafe<\
Mr BENTON presented a re'ition praying for
the establishment a post route in Mission; wh ch
was referred lo ihe Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads
Mr. BUCHANAN asked the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee what day he expected to lake
up the app< ruonment bill. He was extremely
ansious, as Ihe Legislaiure of Pennsylvania was
to mret on the 10m of June, ihal the b.U should b 
acted upon in time, o herwi e, that Sate would
be nut to great mconvenierce and expense, if
obliged to adjourn the Legislature, convened for
the <-pecial purpose, «ííhout effecting the object for
which it was called He would, if the Senator
from Georf la had no onjection, move to make the
apportionment bill the special order for Monday
n=xt.
Mr. LTNN thought there was already a special
order for that day
Mr. BERRIEN considered the reasons stated
by .he Senator from Pennsylvania, for speedy ac-
tion on ihe bill, worthy of consideration No in-
convenience could apse from mak ng it the specia
older for Monday He inquired if the Sena or
from Misst „n opposed ihe motion?
Mr LINN said be did no' he wt uld offer no
t bjecuon, on a u unlof the sptc A] ori]er i0 Mh ch
hr li3d alludetl.
Tne apportionment bill w*s toen, on Mr Bu-
chanan's motion, made the special order for M^n-
div next.
Mr M4 GUVI g«ve no i„e th«t he would <o-
morrf w ask leaie to iRtroduce a b 11 tor<go!aie
the pa\ of mgneeis 'mp'tjed in the naval service
of the Uri'ed St  e«.
Mr BENTON prescn'ed i peht'cn from the
cily or Phiiadelpni?, s gied by citizens of Ihe most
re'pee'abl  s andina, as^ng Corgre s to refund lo
Geneial Jack on ihe fine inflicted on him by the
distnc. judee oí Nf>i  Or'ean  in 1815
Mr BUCHANAN piesenttd fourteen memorials,
irfry numerously siened by citizens of Philadel-
phia, statag that Ihe country has suffered great
en   cv«r since the duties of 1828 were destroyed.
r I   nf......I        II.......Ifn«.....i                .....r       n^j
They ask Congress to establish a tariff for protec-
tion, which shall be permanent, and afford encoui-
agement to American industry. He alio presented
a petition from citizens ©f Northampton, Pennsyl-
vania, of a similar kind to many he bad before pre-
sented in favor of protecting American industry;
and also a pennon from a number of citizens
of Berks county, Pennsylvania, stating that
they are laboring under great embarrassment in
consequence of the reducuon of duties on certain
manufactured articles imported, and praying that
Congress will lay on such duties as will afford ade-
quate protection to American industry ; and also
that the clause m the distribution act limping duties
to 20 per cent be repealed. These petitions were
severally referíed to the Committee on Manafac-
tures.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a petition from
citizens of Pennsylvania, asking Congress for a
proieciive tariff. The petition was referred to the
Committee on Manufactures.
The resolution heretofore offered by Mr. MeK-
rick was then called up, but
. Mr ALLEN observed that his resolutions, under
discussion yesterday, was the unfinished bus'ness;
upon which there wai a pending motion to print.
The subject was informally passed over yesterday
evening, at the request of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Crittí.nden.] He now moved to lake
it up.
The resolutions are as follow:
Resolved, That it is the right of the people of Rhode Island
to establish for themselves a constitutional republican form of
State Government and in any partiiular to alter or modify it,
provided its form be left republican
Resolved, That it i« not the right of the Tederal Government
to intei fere in ary manner with the people to prevent or dis
couraee their so doing, but that, on the contrary, it is ihe duty
of the Fedeial Government to guaranty to them, as a State,
such republican foi m of State Government, when so established,
altered, or modified
The resolutions were accordingly taken up, the
question being on the pending tnotisn to print.
Mr. TALLMADGE moved to lay the whole
subject on ¡he tab'e
Mr. ALLEN called for the yeas snd nays;
which weie ordered.
The question to lay the whole subject on the ta-
ble was accordingly taken by yeas and nays, and
decided in the affirmative, as follows:
YE4S—Me-srs \rcher Bagby, Barrow, Bates Bayard, Ber-
rien Choate, Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Cniterden, Evans, Gra-
ham, Huntington, Keir, Mangum, Merrick Miller, Morehead,
Porter Pies on, Rives Simmons Smirh of Indiana, Sprague,
rallmadge, White, and Woodbndee-28
NAY'S—Messrs Allen, Benton Buchanan, Calhoun,Cutbbert,
Tukon, King Linn, McRoberts Seviei Smith of Connecticut,
Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wilrox, Woodbury, Wright, and
Young—18
Mr. Merrick's resolniion was then taken up,
as follows:
Resohed, That all the letters of recommendation, and other
papers, or mlormatmntouchirgor concerning any nomination
for office pending befoie the Senate, which may be sent or com
municated by the President of the United States, or at y chief
executive officer, tathe Senate, or any of its committees, shall
be held and deemed to be confidential communications, within
the meaning of ti e thirty eighth rule for conducting the busi-
ness of the Se-ate, but all such papers when communicated to
a committee, shall, after the decision of the question to which
thev relate, be returne-l to the pi jper depaitment of the Gov
ernment, and not placed upon the files ot the Senate, unless so
expitssiy ordeied by the Senate
With Mr. McRcberts's amendment, as follows,
on nhich the question was pending, to strike out ail
after "iteso-iticd," and insert—
'That, in all cases of nomination mad  by the President to
the Senate fot the appointment of oflicers of the United States,
the Senate will proceed to consider an 1 decide on said nomina-
tions with open doora "
Mr L!NN hoped ihe Senator from Maryland
vould consent to the postponement of tbe subject
til! k-moirow roorrune, as he was anxious to pro-
ceed to the general orders.
Mr MERRICK consented, and the further con-
sideration of bis resolution was postponed accord-
ingly
The genenl orders theD proceeded; and Ihe bill
to indemnify Major General Andrew Jackson for
the fine inflicted on him by Jut'ge Hall, at New
Or'ean", in 1815, was taken up again as in com-
mittee of the vrhole.
Mr McROBERTS offered ¿n amendment, to
strike out the words "penalties and damages," and
insert "fine and costs."
