lia
UONGlCEgSlOyAk frLOBfí.
was  no ohauce for/ their  advancement,  except
through the exercise of Executive favor.
Mr. S had learned1 much with regard to these
officers. He found many of them reported as do-
ing active duty who <eemed to him to be v«ry use-
lessly emplo>ed. For instance: while a number
of them were on duty at the naval ¡stations, taking
care of the yard-, there weie a number more at
the same stations, etr.p'oyed in the recreating ser-
vice, aad in command ot the receiving ships This
might all be very right. He was not acquainted
with naval discipline, and therefore could not say
anything 8gnnst i>, but it struck htm that there
were a great many rnore employed m this way than
the service required
After expressing his objections to the home
squadron, Mr. S. returned to the subject of the
number of officers in ci>mniii>Mon. Why, he
asked, should the number, unnecessarily large
.in September, 1840, be increased to 140 more,
when there was. not enough for them to do?
Why increase the number of ships, as recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Navy, when
we already bad more ships than we could us ?
There were nearly eight milhons of dollars worth
of materials for sh p-buildmg stored away in the
yards; and why, then, should the Government pur-
chase more, seeing that the navv now consisted of
some sixty seven ships, while only ihiny seven of
them were in commission? He saw no earthly ne
cessity for building more But the Secretary of
the Navy took a itrange view of the Subject He
wanted to have moie ship* built, and moie kept at
sea, with a view of employing more of this vast
number of officeis, and keeping them out of mis
chief. He «aw that numbers of ihem, in conse-
quence of idleness, and hv ngon ihe treasury, were
getting into bad habits, and, iherelore, in order to
Seep them out of harm's way, he was for putting
the Government to the expense of building and
equipping mere ve«sp s B cause the Executive
had cho*ei toe «mission more officers 'han tVre
was any use ft r, die c >nntry ' a to be la? d 11 an
additional amount in oidcr to give theme np tyment
He had read in  remarks thi-i were ma'e by the
gentleman from Massachusetts yesterday; and,
notwithstanding the specious arguments he had
used, he ci nld iiot give his saaction to th- extrava-
gant expenditures his doctrines wou d lead to. Trie
gentleman had given very (.lauuble reasors why
there should be rnore ofhccic. Bat he could not
agree that 65 captain , 95 eommaidtrs, 308 lieu-
tenants, and over 400 m dmipmcp, weie nece'-s-ry,
when we ordi"anly had not moie than 37 vsseels
afloat This nuaiter, too, was increrSing. He
ventured to  «• rt (hit there his not a member of
Congress who had not applicatu ns frrm parents to
get their si n  app nte t midsh paien, and  heif
pressure on the Ex-oni ve e ou'J le likely to
largely increase the nun ber uf r u jpp'ii'mente
He would tell gen lem-n who "í r-> ti e l>ie-üs (f
the navy, thnt s>.,cb. thine rcscst nave i very ipjv,-
ttous efiect on it T.ie extra a, ant expenditures
called for, and i ie number of idi , ussless ofhct rs
in pay, at a time when th  country was so much
embarrassed, would rou e tho jealousy of the peo-
ple. He wojM rem nd them that the pay for all
these orcrs who w re wailing orders must
come cut < t ' ie h«n' of lacoi, and that when the
■people senon y con >d cd trie c xterit to which the
evil was erred, they wou d frid means to ar-
rest it.
After refer i B to t ' co-t of bu Id rig the publ c
vessels, tie co • ot if air rig a d quippigt en,
and the git. frauds , nd abe cj ih<tt hud got k to
thes)slem, Mr 8 conclu ed bv txr/resng ihe
hope th.it th an Hrrent of the gen .«.nun fretn
Georgia vt   a'<] ) evs 1
Mr S4l 1SON IViASCJT v hed at ni stase
of the deb" ,'o"i'j i-?i f • o- o' Ik committee
to some fuc s n e ne n t c subject no Vr coi-
sideration Ire < <-s c~ i Hpi u'n-ifan
increase of il   n- s   Lm ^ b^ tr-o Set e
tary of the NT i v -t thecoii neet tnt of theses
Mon, and he (Mr ^ i ^O r i led to-a', in'ne
outset, lest ne sh nit t gt ,¡ r¡ ¡t prifer place,
that he was a friend iO tn¿ v*.sy of the United
E^a'es, and to the gradusí mer a e and enlarge-
W®& and strengthening of that arm of the nation-
al defence. He was a warm and fast friend of thai
branch of the public service, and if he shouli feel
it to be hi  duty to oppose an appropriation for the
navy, on the ground'that it was larger than ought
to be granted, both in reference to the state of the
treasury, and the condition of the coun ry, and also
to the necessities of the Navy Department, he hoped
it would nt t be construed, by any gentlemen trere
or elsewhere, as evidence of hostility to the navy
of the Uni ed States.
A large increase was proposed by Ihe Secre'ary
of the Navy, in addition to the large increase
which has already been effected—and effected un-
der existing laws and regulations, and he desired
to submit asta ement shewing the amount of mon-
ey that was required by the estimates of the de-
partment lor the service (or the year 1842 That
amount had been variously staled by gentlemen
who had preceded him in the debate, and doubt-
less there was some confusion and some unrer
tamty in the minds of gentlemen m regard to th.se
ei tímales.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Citch-
ing,] who addressed the House yes'erJay, staled
the amount at $8,200,000, but that amount (ell far
short of the sum estimated and availab'* for the
service of the }ear 1842 He (Mr. Mason) '"ouud
the Secretary of fie Navy had prepared estimates
for #8 313,287 23, and that had been quoted as the
aggregate money required for the year 1842 for
this branch of the public service, but that was an
error He found from the statements, not only from
the Treasury Department, but from the Commis
sioners of the Navy Board, that the estimates were
the sum just named, and others also. He referred
gentlemen to the annual estimates from the Treas-
ury Department, document 19, pages 31, 32, (an
extract from which re read, to show that the esti
mates of $8,213 287 23 were exclusive of the esti-
mates for the marine corps, and any balares wb ch
miebt remain in the Treasury on the 1st January,
1842
To ascerta n, then, ho >v much rmney was asked
for, to ihe sum of upwatls of eight ¡nil1 ors must
be added §502,292 60, and the uns-tpen ed balance
in the Ties'ury on the 1st January, 1842, of
$2 965 594 96—which consti-'u el an aggiega'" of
$,11,6*1,174 79 fjr one sirgle branch ot the pub
lio service alone As his object was solely to
asceitain ihe true amount, and neither mislead
hioiseil nor deceive* otiiers, he wou d re'er the c m
mit ee to document Ni 2, accompa lying the Pre -
ideit'a massage, page 375, being the report irom
the Navy Commissioners, ?lso to the estimates
sent m by the Secretary oí the Treasury Depart-
ment at the commencement of the present sps^on
of CotigTss, being document No 19, oages 13 and
35 The smi unt ot the es imates, and the sum
available foi he yar 1841, as s,ho~«ü by ihe pn
pers to wh'ch he had refei.fd, \.as $5,735 450
He could not, luweve', ciake that pbioeíií by
$25000, he dil not fnd .he m„ erial cut of
which that sum could be mad-, except to
th  extent of about $5 710,0u0, itc'udng boCn
the marine corps ind the unexpend'd bal-
ance. For the present year, he explained,
the Secretary of the Navy, in submitting his esti-
ma es, had given the eight millions  nd upwards
as 'he aggrega e, m addit-on to the other - urces
of supp y, but the Secretaiy, mhen he came to
s'a e, by comparison, the amount for the ser-
v ce of the year 1841, had included the arnoui t for
tie minne corps, ardef the tnexpended balance
in hand, v hich he had n t done m regard ¡o his
o\i n f stimates for his own branch of this scr?1Ce
IIer«er>tc"eithi ,tonc dan ejronrto\ mcbg n
tie en '.-.tening to h>n mi^fa fan, f rd then be
oh rv°d, t^ar the d fferenfe berreen l! - apgre-
ga c aii mi t oe money ft - 1841 and for 1842 was
an ircieasecf n srl.> $6,01)0 000 Tit, was an
excessi /e mete ^e in Hire ot pe^ce
Bu , to ill  '¡ate th-p' gi-es cf this nciea«e, he
woud c 11 the a te i i n ol ue roum itee to *orne
staem" is n de'a I He ftnod thai th-  number
of vecéis in eomn >-sion m 1812 w?s 53, in 1841
the numoer was 34 making an mciease of iy'
Tni  required an increase of expenditures, ac
co.d rg to the e-timates of the present Secretary of
the Navy, of #608,933 89.
In regard to receivmg vessels in 1842, it was
s'a'ed (hat there were 8, in 1841, there were 5:
beirg an mciease of 3, and requiring an increase
of appropriation, on that account, o   $62,830.
Of recruiting stations in 1842, the number was
12, m 1841, there were 5 being a difference and
increase of 7, and requiring an increased expendi-
ture of #46,850
The expenditures in connexion w¡ h navy yards
and stations required an increase of $12,244.
For improvements of navy yards in 1842, the
amount reauired and estimated for was $504,425;
for 1841, it was $234,000 being an increase for
1842 of $270 425
For hc pita's belonging to navy yards, the
amount required for repairs and improvements in
1842 over 1841 was $42,760
Of cm ers waitirg orders the number in 1842,
including S9 mid hipmea, was 269, in 1841, the
number was 220 • being an mcrea e of 49, re-
quiring an increased expenditure, which was esti-
mated tor 1842 at $33 543
The number of persors m vessels m commis-
sion, mcliding marines and persons attached to
recnviig vessels, and on shore, ¡n 1842, was 12 248.
In 1841, the number was 9,125 being an increase
of 3 123 , and this >nc ease demands an expendi-
ture, which is> estimated for 1842 over 1841, of
$227 979 These facts would furnish a satisfac-
tory proof of an increase m our naval es abhsh-
m ent, and account for much increased expenditures.
Mr. EVERETT called upon the gentleman from
Ohio to furnish a statement of the increase of na-
val officers
Mr. MASON repl ed that his prepara'ion had
been so hi'rned (being only s nee last night) that he
was not able to state the increase in the number of
officeis. fur her th^n he had don , from ihe 1st
October, 1841 But they had information that it
had progressed very rapidly duiing Ihe present ses-
sion of Cong'e'S, and smee the tabular statement
to which be had referred had oecn published
It addi'ion to the general apgrega'e, then, to
whicn M had referred, there must be taken into
account tne bills which had been reported to the
Ho se from ihe Naval Coromi tee, which were not
mclulcd in th° estimates which he had submitted
to he committee, an1 he apprehended it would be
fourd, by a car ful and accura'e analysis of the
amount proposed, that ihe sum total would exceed
$12,000 000 Now, an ¡rcrea&e of the navy with
such rap dity was too iiuch of the hot bouse pro-
cess and he feareu it would procure reaction in
tne pu'ohc mind, and that that ruble and invaluable
arm of th? public defence would sustain an injury
if they did not c >eck thai rap d and undue and
unnaiural growth. He feared th*- piesenl head of
the Navy Department consulted but l^s own op n-
íons on some peculiar theory, aid had seized on
teraporarj circumstances 'o urge en Congress un-
due and improper appropi attons fer i s increase,
wheh ate nu warranted by the condition of the
country, or die state of the public finance^ Of
this pelicy tie d sapproyer), while Western com-
m rce was la-guisbuiig for want of the fosterwg
car* rf ihe Govt mment
He Tsould cultivate the arts of peace until war
came, or until he could s e it-, pppruach ; but he
could not nos- ce any thing in the p htiea1 hon-
zin trat indicated the approach of war. He was
here rem nded of rem?rns often made, that ihey
were too much in the babi* of being influenced by
cries of" war," wbici •-ecied to be raised, he
mis,ht th n' —teough h  woui 1 n^t say so—for the
P'upo^e cf i> djcii g C ns;ress to gt-nt large and
liberal urph s in pij or the war-p >«'erof theGov-
einnfer* They, hov ever, r vtr get up a war cry
for th~ Cumberland roid, or tor removing obstruc
hens fro nine Hudson, the peaceful pursuits of
our people were not regarded
Tne honorab'e geo leman then went oi to op-
pose an enlargement cf ihe basis of tn  navy beyond
its pre tnt e-e'en , but he stated that d ffict 1 íes in-
terposed to a ndim n of the pie ert f< rce
Mr MFRIV/ErHER desired permission to ex-
plain the ground on wh ch h's pron iuon to reduce
was predicated Tae mciease, o/er and above the
a-nount required (or 1841, exceeded eight millions
of dollars; and the cause assigned for this increase
