CONGRESSIONAL, CHLOBE.
BX BLAIR AND RIVES.
---------WEEKLY---------
PRICE $1 PER SESSION.

"WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 1842.
Volume 11— -No. S3,
Continued from JVb. 32.
was, mainly, the support and maintenance of the
home squadron; but that was already provided for,
#789,000 having been appropriated for that pur-
pose. The amount unexpended of that appropria-
tion, and another available balance on hand on the
1st of January la<*t, was a greater amount of
money, subject to be appropriated, than the sum
by which he now proposed to reduce this appropri-
ation.
Mr. MASON said it would be found that the
sum appropriated for the home squadron had been
merged in the estimates submitted for the present
year.
Mr. MERIWETHER said it was the very
merging of '.hat fund to which he objected, the
money having been appropriated for a specific pur-
pose.
Mr. MASON resumed. If the amounts were thus
blended, the practical' difficulty to which he had
referred would be much increased.
Mr. ADAMS called the attention of the gentle-
man from Ohio to the terms of the clause under
consideration. It was appropriating a sum of mo-
ney for the '' pay " of officers and men, whilst the
pay for the officers and men of the home squadron
"was provided for.
Mr. MASON again directed the attention of gen-
tlemen to the reports to which he had before refer-
red, which, to him, were perspicuous and clear;
and there it would be seen that the Secretary had
given credit for more than half a million of dollars
on account of the home squadron. He*reiierated,
then, in the face of these facts, that gentlemen
■would find it difficult to reduce the appropriation by
the amount now proposed; nor was this the proper
■way to commence these reductions.
Mr. GWIN expressed his concurrence in a pro-
position which had been made yesterday, to lay
aside this bill, ard take up the bill for the reor-
ganization of the navy; and, in the mean time, to
pass a bill for the temporary warns of the navy.
There were circumstances which showed a loose-
ness in the Navy Department; and before he voted
away millions of dollars for the navy, he preferred
to vote tor its reorganization. Again, he desired
that a revenue bill should be produced before these
suras were appropriated; and he expressed bis dis-
satisfaction with the Committee of Ways and
Means, in connexion with the delay amending the
report of a revenue measure. He was aware
that the ways and means were provided for this
session by the loan bill; but he trusted that course
•was not to become a precedent; in short, he hoped
they should be able to dispense with a portion of
the loan, ?nd thereby save the country from so
much of the debt about to be contracted. But if
they were to continue thus to appropriate enor-
mous sums, a large tariff measure would become
necessaiy, and they should have the responsibility
thrown back upon them.
He proceeded to remark that the amount now
proposed was too large if we are not to have a war,
and too small if war was to follow; and hence
arose another argument for a postponement of this
bill. If no war should ensue, he desired the home
squadron to be directed to some valuable purpose;
the steamships might be concerted into'mail-pack-
ets between Baltimore and New Orleans, with con-
necting boats for the intermediate ports and the
other vesse's nvght be proftably employed in asur-
vey of the Gulf of Mexico, without any additional
expenditure , as the necessary instruments were to
be found unused m the departments. For these
and many other reasons, he desired the postpone-
ment of this bill; for he had no doubt that it might
be found that the steamers, as mail-Pickets alone,
would save the Government $100,000 per annum,
and other advantages were presented which required
calm and mature consideration.
Mr. EVERETT, of Vermont, said he thought
the appropriations in this bill should be regulated
by the bills which might hereafter be passed in re-
lation to the reorganization of the navy, and the
raising of revenue. It was, he thought, difficult to
ascertain why there should be an increase of as
much as $800,000 opon the appropriations of last
year, since there was no act of Congress authoriz-
ing an increase of the navy. It appeared that
there had been many appointments and promotions
during the past year. The number of captains had
increased 13, commanders 41, lieutenants 40, sur-
geons 10; passed assistant surgeons decreased 6,
and assistant surgeons decreased 2. The increase
of pursers was 11, passed midshipmen 92, mid-
shipmen 188; and the whole net increase 214 offi-
cers. The petty officers, also, had increased; and
he wished the Secretary had furnished the House
with an abstract, showing the whole increase
throughout the service. From the information he
had, he took it that the increase called for an addi-
tional appropriation of about $600 000. There
was no law limiting the appointments in the navy.
These officers had been appointed by ihe Execu-
tive, and he thought it would be unjust to permit
them to go wiihout their pay, which they were ex-
pecting. In the army the number of officers was
limited by law, and he hoped a similar regulation
would be introduced in the navy, and the discre-
tion taken away from the President.
Mr. GAMBLE; after eulogizing the benefits to
be derived from the navy, expressed himself m fa-
vor of limiting the number of officers who were to
command it. He thought there might, perhaps,
have been an unnecessary increase of officer?; yet
there were cireumtances during the past year,
which justified the Executive in increasm? the num-
ber of officers. Prepared with the materiel, our
country would always be ready to meet any emer-
gency of war that might arise. It required time to
make officers, and what (asked Mr. G.) was a navy
without competent officers to command it. Men
did not come into the world full-grown, and pre-
pared for any service which might be assigned
them. It was therefore wise policy to tram them,
in order that they might be skilful in the perform-
ance of their duties.
Mr. G. did not endorse all the propositions of the
Secretary. Some of his suggestions were w,se, and
others not. As to the recommendat on that we
should have a splendid navy, half equal to that
of the greatest naval power on earth, he was
not willing to carry it out. Yet he would
have the navy put upon a respectable footing.
In proportion as our commerce advanced, as the
interest of our country became more extended, as
cur navigation increased, so fhould the strength
and power of our navy be increased. The com-
merce of the United States now whitened every sea,
and it was our policy to protect it. Was not our
commerce on the coast of the Atlantic as much en-
titled to protection as that in other paru of the
world? Because many of our ve-'els were en-
gaged at home on our ov/n coas% was that any
reason why they should not receive the protection
of the Government as much as if they were in a
foreign country1* He (Mr G.) cons'dered the home
squadron to be one of the best meas 'res of the ex-
tra «e«sicn of Congress. He was hearlily in f-.vor
of it then, and his opinions to this day remained
unchanged. When the President and the Secreta-
ry of the Navy had increased the number of offi-
cers, should he withhold his support? Let the law
establishing ihe home squadron be repealed, if
necessary; but let not supplies be refused to these
m?n, now that they were in service. Should we
teep them, and not pay their wages? retaining
them in the navy, but not voting them the necessa-
r es of life? Congress (thought Mr. G.) was bound
to vote these men supplies. Bu', said some gen-
tlemen, supplies were voted at the extra ses-
sion. It was Hue that a large sura was
voted; but so much as reiaamed unexpend-
ed had been accounted for by the Secretary,
and carried to the surplus fund. It had been
applied to the supplies for the present year. The
amount appropriated for the navy in 1841 was
$6,672.541.   At the extra session, there appeared
to be a prospect of war. British steamers were
constantly navigating our coasts, and it was said
they were constructed in such a manner as to be
immediately converted into men-of-war to operate
against our people. Nor did we yet know what
would be the result of the negotiation in relation.
to the difficulties with the English Government. It
might be successful in bringing about an amicable
understanding, or it might not. There was no
certainty in the matter. Was this, then, the time
to disarm? Sbould not the navy be kept on a re-
spectable footing? He (Mr. G.) thought there was
ample scepe for the employment of a home squad-
ron, and especially in defending the ¡org line of
Southern coast. This country had near four thous-
and miles of coast exposed; and if this squadron
could not be employed in defending it from foreign,
aggression, it might still render service to tfie reve-
nue department of the Government. The present
was Ihe wrong time to commence retrenching the
navy.
He would, rather than have it cut down, be wil-
ling to see it supported at the expense of the army.
It was true, the country was in debt and its Treas-
ury exhausted ; but what was that to a young and
vigorous nation like ours? The energies oí the
people would soon replenish the Treasury. They
would willingly submit to a tariff, in order to have
their country protected. Taking into consideration
the home squadion, the appropriation was not
larger now than last year; and hs thought it
would be unwise to reduce the amount until the
law should be passed curtailing the service. Some-
times it happened that the expenditures exceeded,
ana at others did not reach, the appropriations.
He thought it was better to appropriate too much,
than too little, since every dollar would have to be
accounted for. Mr. G. said for these reasons he
should support the bill.
Mr. PENDLETON said he could not under-
stand why so much money was now warned for the
home squadron. If ihe estimates for 1841 were
accurate, there was no need of any further appro-
priation to that object. Hs found, m the table
submitted by the Secretary, that §742,000 appro-
priated toward the home squadron remained un-
expended on ihe 31st of December lsst. When it
was asked what had become of it, gentlemen said
it was applied toward the supplies of the navy.
Now, he thought the Secretary had not the power
to merge appropriations for one object into an-
other.
Mr. FILLMORE said that the appropriations
of one year, which remained unexpended, lav
over to the next. There lav over from 1840
to 1841, of unexpended appropriations, $17,000,000;
though large sums were often leimed appropria-
tions for such a year, the pract cal operation was
for them to be expended during the greater part of
the next year. No appropriation, however, could
be expended after two years, when it wont to the
surplus fund, and bad to be re-appropnaied.
Some conversational debate, not distinctly heard,
owing to the noise and confusion in the hall, took
place between Messrs. MERIWETHER, McKAY,
FILLMORE, and PENDLETON; af'er wh.ch, the
committee rose and reported progress.
Mr. MERIWETHER offered a resolution,
which was adopted, call-ng upon the Secretary of
the Navy for the amount of the pppiopnation towards
the home squadron remaining unexpended; and,
also, whether asy portion oí the mo¡.ey appro-
priated to ihe home squadroa has been applied to
other objects.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 19, 1842.
Mr. ALLEN desired to correct an eu">r in a re-
port, which had been made in one of the papers of
this city, of the debate upon the Rhode liland mas-
ter.    He would say, hovveve., in justice to  thi. ie-
pt>rters, that he did not rise wLh any vie-*   or en-
suring them.   Jie believed the posivn uey occvt-
