CONGRESSIONAL GLQBE.
W
zens of New Orleans. But he was willing to vote
for the amendment, although not at first inclined to
think it necessary. However, as the subject had
baen so much agitated, be thought it might be ex-
pedient to affirm that Congress, m making this
grant, did not mean to expresa any opinion of the
legality of the transactions which occasioned the
fine.
Mr. BARROW withdrew the modification he had
made to the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Henderson,] though not for the rea-
sons assigned by the Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Preston.] But he had consulted with friends
Hear him, whose knowledge and experience were
entitled to his consideration, and, at their suggestion,
as well as under the conviction that the citizens oí
New Orleans stood in no need of this reassertion of
their fidelity, he had consented to recall his modifi-
cation.
Mr. CONRAD expressed his concurrence in
what had fallen from his colleague, [Mr. Barrow ]
Mr. BARROW desired to express, more definite-
ly what he had said with regard to Gen. Jackson
being justified in what he had done. His expres-
sion was, that General Jacksen had good grounds
for suspecting that treachery or disaffection existed
What he meant was, that General Jackson con-
ceived he had good reason to suspect thai such was
the case; not that he had direct evidence, but good
reason for suspicion
Mr. WOODBURY referred to the fact, that, as
early as the August preceding the events, General
Jackson had official communications from the Gov-
ernor of the State, afTecmg even the Legislature
itself; but in February, the evidence of disaffection
upon which he acted was not against citizens of
New Orleans, or citizeib of the State—it was
against foreigneis and strangers, who had no citi-
zenship, and were not entitled to any. They were
mostly Frenchmen, throwing themselves upon the
protection of the French consul, from whom they
procured certificates of tbpir na'ivity.
Mr. HENDERSON had, of course, no objection
to the recall of the modification to bis amendment.
He would even be glad if the latter part of the
amendment itself could be divested of what seemed
to be exceptionable to some gentlemen, though sin-
cerely designed by him as an additic nal expression
of approbation on the part of Congress
The amendment, as divested of the modification,
was thsn read; and the question was put on us
adoption, when,
Mr. TAPPAN rose, and, in a strain of very
strong argument, showed that there was no neces-
sity whatever for any amendment of the bill at all,
to effect the 03ject which the gentlemen opposite
professed to have in view. The bill ^aid nothing
about Judge Hill, or the lega lly or illegally of his
proceedings; it simply restored to General Jackson
a sum of money which it was a national dishonor
to keep in theTrea>ury. Whatever might be the
motives for such an amendment, there was obvi-
ously no nece«siti, and the effect would be to de-
feat the bill, and deny a simple act of natioral jus-
tice.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut took a similar view
of the subject. The facts of the ca^e were few
and easily understood. General Jackson's duty to
his country required him to do what he did. Be-
cause he did what circumstances demanded he
should do, he had the approbation and gratitude
of the whole country. Had he neglected to per-
form that duty, he would nave received universal
condemnation. In the performance of such a duty,
if he suffered a loss it was unjust'y, and the injus-
tice would be heightened oy any qualification of the
restitution.
The question was then take i by yeas and nays
on Mr Henderson's amendment, and deeded m
the negative, as tolloss
YEAS—'ttesirs Baiion B  e , Bavard, Beiuen Clay on,
Conrad Crittuí ten, Evitw Giah-tm Henuei&on Man
gum, Mernck, Miller Morehead Portel, Presión, Simmons,
Soraeua, White, and tt oodbridge—-fJ
NAYs-Mesis Allen Atelier, Bagby Benton, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Cuthbert, Fulton King I inn, McRobeits, Sevier,
Smith of Connecticut, ¡smith of Indiana,   ur'eon, Tippan,
WalHer, Wilcox, \\ ilium , Woodbury, Wught, and Young
—22
Tne bill was then íeported back to the Senate.
Mr, ARCHER spoke for a considerable time
in opposition to the bill. In the course of his re-
marks, he eulogized General Jackson for his mili-
tary services, but condemned his civil policy and
general conduct, depicting him as arman, in power,
who disregarded bo'h laws and Constitution. He
thought the fine necessarily inflicted in vindication
of the majesty of the law, and, however willing he
might be to vote him a munificent -donation for bis
military services, he could not vote for this bill, to
restore him a fine legally imposed.
Mr. LINN made a few eloquent remarks in an-
swer to the Senator from Virginia. He conceived
the Senator had made a false issue. This was not
a question of legal right—it was one of simple jus-
tice. That justice was due to General Jackson,
and the question was, Would the nation, for whom
he performed this service, render him a simple act
of justice i
Mr. BAYARD, after some remarks pointing out
the necessity wh ch he conceived existed for a dis-
tinct denial on the part of Congress ot any inten-
tion to express an opinion with regard to the judi-
cial proceedings, or the legal question growing out
of the declaration of martial law, moved the fol-
lowing amendment:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert—
"That there be remitted and refunded to General Andrew
Jackson out of any money m the Treasuiy not otherwise ap
propriated, the amount of a fine and costs imposed upon hnn
by the district court of the United States for the district oi Lou
isiana, for an allege! contempt of court with intt,re*t, at the
rate of six per centum per annum Provuhd always^ That
this act shall not be construed as an expression of the opinion
of Congress upon any judicial proceeding or legal question
growing out oí the declaration of martial law by General Jack
son during the defence of New Orleans '
On this amendment the 5 eas and nays v, ere de-
manded, and ordered.
The question was then taken, and resulted as
follows:
1EAS—Me=sis Barrow, Bates, Ba>aid Berrien Clayton,
Conrad Crittenden Fvans Graham Henderson, Iluniington,
Mangum Merrick M Her Morehead Porter, Hives, Simmons,
Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge, White, and Wood
bridge—¿3
INA-Ys—Messis Alien, Archer, Ba^by Benton, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Crafts Cuthbert Ful on Kin<* Linn M Roberts,
Sevier Smith of Connecticut Sturgeon Tappan, Walker, Wil
cox, Williams, Woodbuiy, Wright, and Young—22
And se (he amendment was adopted.
The question was then taken on ordering the bill
as amended to be engrossed for a third reading; on
which
Mr. TALLMADGE called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered, and resulted as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs Banow, Bayard Berrien, Clayton, Conrad,
Evans, Graham, Henderson, Mangum, Merrlok, Poitcr,
Preiton, Rives, Smith of Indiana Sturgeon, Tallmadge,
and Woodbndse—17
ISA.Y8—Mesáis Allen, Aicher, Bagby, Batei, Benton
Buchanan Cahoun Crafts Cuthbert, Pulton King, Linn
McRobeits Miller, Morehead, Seriei, Smith of Connecticut
Tappan, Walker, White, Wilcox, William , Woodbury, and
Young—24                                                               w
And so the bill was refused to be engrossed, and
was lost.
Mr WHITE moved the Senate to go into ex-
ecutive session, which was agreed to; and
The Senate accordingly went into executive ses-
sion; and, after some time spent therein, ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESE-^íTATIVES.
Thursday, May 19, 1842.
Mr. LITTLEFIELD, of Mame, presented the
petition of Oliver P. Stephens and ten others, of
Livermore, Mame, for an increase of the tariff;
which was referred to the Committee on Manu-
factures.
Mr. J. C. CLARK, from the Commi'tee on
Naval Affairs, reported m f. vor oí printing the
charts of the late survey of th5 bay of St. Joseph,
and the ship inlet m the Mississippi sound. The
teport was agreed to, and the committee was di-
rected to inquire into the co>4 of engraving or lith-
ogranhing tne same, so as to a certain the cheapest
mode.
Mr FILLMORE submitted a re^'ution to ter-
minate debate on the navy appropriation bill on
Friday, at 1 o'clock.
Mr. ARNOLD said Friday and Saturday were
private bill days, and fhs private calendar bad
scarcely had its due attention this session; he
hoped, therefore, the gentleman, freía New York
would either fix to day for the termination ot the
debate, or extend it to Monday, so that the private
bill days might not be interfered with.
Mr FILLMORE intimated that he had no wish
to occupy the time due to the private calendar;
hut he would leave the House to dispose of the
subject.
Mr. ARNOLD then moved so to amend the
resolution, as to fix Monday next for the termina-
tion of debate.
Mr. FILLMORE moved the previous question.
The amendment was agreed to; and the question,
recurred on the resolution as amended, on which
the ayes and noes were taken, on the motion of
Mr. STEENROD, as follows: ayes 87, noes 78.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union; which was agreed to, and Mr, Clif-
ford resumed the chair.
Mr. McKAY resumed the debate on Mr. Meri-
wether's amendment to the first section of the
navy appropriation bill, and he was unaerstoofl,
amidst much noise and confusion, totaaeacltr-
sory view of the legislative enactments jrrj&feng-
provision for the navy, from the year 180mo the
present period, specifying the number of officers
and men for whom, at each successive Session,
provision was made, for the purpose of showing
that the Executive Department had not unlimited
discretion as to the number of officers and men
to be employed, as they were fixed by act of Con-
gress. This, too, was the course pursued m the
legislation of Great Britain, where estimates
were submitted, and those estimates were not
exceeded. Here the President sent in his state-
ment of the number of vessels of various classes
which he deemed it necessary to employ,
and the complement of officers and men was
readily ascertained by the settled table of the
derJartmfnt, which fixed the number; and if ¡he
President exceeded the number, he perpetrated a
wrong; and the toleration of such an exercise of
authority was a surrender to the President of an.
undue power over the Treasury of the country.
That the President had thus exercised or assumed
an authority which he ought not to possess, the hon-
orable gentleman was understood to affirm. He
next proceeded to show that, while Congress had
given the President authority to employ two frigates
as part of the home squadron, he had substituted a
razee; by which a difference was created in the
expenditures for pay and subsistence of $30,000:
for the complement of the Independence was sir
hundred and ten, and forty marine*—making six
hundred and fifty; while the complement of the
frigates was but four hundred and seventy. The
honorable gentleman illustrated his positions at
great leng'h, and quoted a large mass of statistics
and documents in support of them.
Was it proper, then, he inquired, that this appro-
priation should be made? He (Mr. McKay)
should vote to reduce the appropriation, and he
should vote, a'so, to reduce the number of vessels
in commission for he could see nothing to justify
the increase which had been made. Was there
any thing in our fsreign relations to justify u?
He thought not.
He next alluded to the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Navy to increase our navy up to
one half the number in the service of Great Brit-
ain. Did the committee know of what the navy
of Great Britain consisted? She had five hundred
and seventy-eight vessels of all descriptions, mount-
ing eighteen thousand guns, at an expenditure ex-
ceeding five million pounds sterling The honora-
ble gentleman gave mmute details on tins subject,
and also of the relative cost of guns in Great Bnt"
am and America.
In reference to a remark made in the course of
the debate by a gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr Gushing,] that the home squadron wmid give
active service to officers on <hore wauine orders,
(and on this branch of (hi subject be throsot Con-
gress was practised upon at ¡he extra sessic n, when
they were induced to believe that the home squad-
ron would not increase the number of officers,) he
said, in the year 1841 there were 190 officeis on
shore waiting orders; and m 1842, the home squadron
having beea called into the seme  of the country
