¿16                                         CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
\..„..... " i.—                                            .....~" '■" ■■'■■.                                                   ¡                                                                                —
for the employment of the$e officers, there wexe 230,
for whom appropriations mast be made. He then
entered into a comparison of the navies of Great
Britain and oí America, and of the expenditures
for officers waiting orders or on half-pay; pointed
out how they were distributed, and on what sta-
tions, with the number of guns employed on each,
and contrasted the policy of the present with late
Administrations,—the one being to accumulate
materials, and vessels on stocks ready to launch
m case of necessity; while the policy of the piesent
Administration was to put the vessels afloat.
Again: he deemed it unnecessary to keep the
war complement on the vessels afloat in time of
peace. He showed, by details, the course pursued
by Great Britain in this respect. And, amongst a
number of illustrations, he stated, that while the
■war complement of the Boyal Adelaide was 800,
she had on board actually but 200
He deemed the naval force of 1840 sufficient for
this country, and to that he was desirous to return;
and for this reason he should support the amend-
ment And, besides, the appropriation for the home
squadron was for the pay and subsistence of those
vessels for one year; whereas some of them had not
been put into commission before the present year.
If, however, funher appropriations should be re-
quired for the home squadron, he had no doubt that
Congress would make a sufficient provision when
the necessity arose.
The honorable gentleman spoke at great length,
and gave details (which we have not ventured to
report, in the hurried manner in which our meagre
analysis is necessarily written) of exceeding value;
the whole of which, with the commentaries thereon,
saay be published hereafter, in a complete report of
the honorable gentleman's speech.
The committee then called for the "question;"
and it was moved and ordered that tellers should bs
appointed. Mr. W. Bütler and Mr, A. V.
BaowN were the te'lers; and they reported 72 in
the affirmative, and 53 in the negative; whereby
the reduction of the appropriation was agreed to.
Mr. TRIPLETT then offered the following
amendment:                                                    *
"Provided, That no part of the sum hereby appropriated shall
tie applied to the pay and emoluments of any oilier who has
t>een, or may hereafter bs, suspended from service during the
term of such suspension, or who shall have rendered no service
for the period oi five years, unless such absence from service
shatl have been caused by sickness, or wounds received in the
service of the United States
Mr. T said he desired the sentence of a court-
martial suspending an officer from the service to
operate as a punishment, as was intended. At
present, however, when an officer was suspended
from the service, it was any thing else but a pun-
ishment. It gave him a recreation—relieved him
from duty, without taking away any of his emolu-
ments. In one case, the President had overruled
the decision of the court-martial, taking away the
officer's pay, and allowed it to him. The latter
part of his amendment contemplated action m re-
lation to those officers who had been five years
rendering no serviee whatever to the country, but
living as pensioners upon its bounty. As he was
a practical man, and willing to take what he could
get, he left it discretionary with the Executive to
permit any officer to remain five years unemployed,
though he shou d preier a shorter limit.
After some conversation between Messrs. C.
BROWN, McKEON, and TRIPLETT, as to the
effect of the amendment,
Mr. GUSHING obtained the floor. Without
pronouncing the amendment to be exactly m or-
der, he would state the objections which he had to
its adoption The first was, that it repealed the
law in relation to the jurisdiction of courts-martial,
and had the effect of saying they must, whenever
anofficer wasfoundguilty of any dereliction of duty,
not only suspend him from the service, but also
deprire him of his pay. It was, m fact, equiva-
lent to having a law that no court martial shou Id
have power to graduate the punishment due
to offences committed by officers of the na-
vy. A court-martial might dismiss a man, or
suspend him; it might suspend him with or
without a reprimand—with or without pay. If
%JKtderstood the amendment, it took away this
wsfetton, and provided   that a  court-martial,
though it might deem suspension disgrace enough,
must add the further punishment of taking away
the officer's pay. He had another objection to the
amendment. At present, the President had power
to revise the sentence of a court-martial, and to
confirm or reverse it. This amendment repealed
the pardoning power of the President, and, he
thought, we had no power whatever to repeal this
power, which «as given him by the Constitution.
These were his objections to the amendmentm sub-
stance: he further objected to it, that it was not m
order.
The CHAIR decided the amendment to be in or-
der
Mr PROFFIT took an appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair.
The CHAIR said there were two rules of the
House, which it might be supposed sanctioned the
opinion that this amendment was not m order The
50th rule provided that no motion or proposition dif-
fering from the subject under discussion should be
received. It was plain that this rule did not apply,
inasmuch as the amendment did not differ in char-
acter from the bill before the committee The 76 h
rule provided that no appropriation should be made
for any expenditure not authorized by an existing
law. If this amendment appropriated money not
authorized by law, it would not be in order But
it did not: it simply proposed a proviso or limita-
tion to an appropriation.
Mr. MALLORY suggested that it was not in or-
der to propose an amendment which repealed an
existu-g law. At present, the President had the
pardoning power, which this amendment proposed
to lake away from him.
Upon taking the question, the decision of the
Chair was sustained by the committee.
Mr McKEON 'aid he had serious objections to
the adoption of this amendment. It interfered
with ths pardoning power of the President, and was
therefore, in that respect, wrong. He knew the
©bj cts desired to be attained by it were des'rable ,
yet this was not the way in which they were to be
accomplished.
It frequently happened that the court-martial
declared an officer guilty, and yet refused to sus-
pend him without pay. Must Congress *ay ihey
are always to be starved for offences not deemed
grave enough to require dismission from the ser-
vice 1 Could they go into other employment? The
President, he thought, should have the power lo
remit the sentence, and restore officers to their com-
missions. On men who had no means of support
but their pay, the operation of this amendment
would be peculiarly hard m such cases. He was
aware that many plausible reasons had been sug-
gested for the adoption of this amendment; yet he
putit to gentlemen to say whether an appropria-
tion bill should assert that the President should not
have power to remit a sentence passed by a court-
martial.
The latter part of the amendment applied to the
sick and wounded, and excepted them from i's op-
eration. Were there not others who were equally
entitled to exemption' There were man} superan-
nuated officers entitled to the consideration of the
Government. Suppose a man had fought the bat-
tles of his country, and been in service for a long
series of years, and does not become sick or wound
ed, but merely disabled by age- would he be less
entitled to protection on that account' There were
many men who had served through the last war,
and done good service to (heir country, and he was
opposed to any provision which would exclude
them, in their old age, from its bounty For these
reasons, he should vote against the amendment.
Mr UNDERWOOD approved of the first part
of the amendment, but not the las'; and said he
should ask for a division of the question, or, before
he sat do.vn, move to strike out the ¡alter por ion.
Ho obj< cted to it, because it excluded superannua-
ted mdiv duals, for which class of public servan's
he felt the warmest sympathies. Af'er they had
worn out their lives in the service of the country,
he thought it wrong to turn them out upon the
world or upon charity.
He should cheerfully vote for the fiist clause of
the amendment, because he believed it to be called
for by the wants of the service.   It had been met J
with a constitutional objection. Jnasmuch as he
had himself been accused of meddling too much
wuh constitutional questions, he was glad this one
came from the other side of the House. Was this
objection a difficulty with the House at this time?
He thought not. It was said the amendment de-
prived the President of the pardoning power.
How? Suppose the House refused to permit pun-
i hment; the President would have nothing to par-
don. Suppose ths law giving a man thirty-nine
lashes was altered, and the number of lashes fixed
at twenty would this be taking away the pardon-
ing power from the President? Suppose you im-
posed a novel punishment acting upon the senti-
ments of the man; or a mulct; or imprisonment;
or all three of these united If one of these three
punishment  were taken away, would it not be
strange to say that it took away the power of the
President to pardon? Suppose all were abolished
but the imprisonment would it not leave the pow-
er of pardon to the Presiden!? Thus, he argued,
to take away the half pay allowed during an offi-
cer's suspension, would not be taking away the
President's power to pardon
If men were deprived of their command and
susnended from the service, he thought they should
also be deprived of their pay. He cited the case
of Commodore Elliott, who was suspended for
four years, and yet received full pay during the
whole period. Gentlemen said the moral degra-
dation of suspension was sufficient punishment,
without loss of pay in addition. It was also said
that its effect would be to drive men from the navy
to other avocations, that officers would have
ths alternative presented to them, of quitting the
service altogether, or of submitting to great per-
sonal deprivation He was m favor of presenting
them this alternative, if they would degrade them-
selves whilst in the navy. He would have this
held up to them as a stimulus to the exertions of
the officers whilst on duty They would then see
the consequences of conviction by a court-martial,
and would become convinced, practically, that un-
der its sentence they must either quit the service
or hold on without pay To his mind, the fact
that an officer retained his place in the navy,
j and drew pay during suspension from its service,
| was conclus ve evidence lhat he was unworthy,
and actuated by motives of pelf alone. He wished
to get clear of all suoh officers, and, therefore,
hoped the amendment would prevail.
Mr FILLMORE expressed himself in favor of
the object of the amendment, but as he understood
its effects, it would only deprive the officers under
suspension from any benefit they might receive
from the present appropriation bill, but would not
bar their claims hereafter. He did not think that
officers under the sentence of suspension from a
court-martial, and officers who had been five years
without rendering any service, should receive pay;
yet this amendment only said that they should not
be paid out of the appropriations in the present
bill The Government was not thereby discharged
from its obligation to pay them He should, there-
fore, vote against the amendment in its present
fjrm, whilst he was in favor of it as a standing
law.
Mr. PROFFIT said he was always disposed to
treat every gentleman with proper respect in that
hall He had taken an appeal from the decision
of the Chair, a few moments since, because he be-
lieved it to be his duty. The Cnairhad no doubt
decided properly. He was aware that decisions
were generally made to suit parties, and sustained
arco-dwgly. Yet he hoped we should not be en-
gaged in making new laws, under the color of
amendments to the ?ppropnation bill Some gentle-
men seemed to be legislating as if President Tyler was
the on y President who would ever be in the United
States. He sincerely hoped that gentlemen would
not let their hostil ty to him induce them to make
a stab at the navy. We should, fee hoped, have
other Presidents—many other good and great men;
and he begged gentlemen not to unite together to
break down the Constitution and laws because of
their hostility to the President.
Mr. P. commented on the remarks of the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] in rela-
tion to the officers of the nayy who had been sus-
