ÓdNGRfigSIÓNAí; étOBl.
it yesterday evening, was for the purpose of getting
at the private calendar to-day By leaving the
House under the impresiion that he would bore
them with a long speech, and, perhaps, an unin-
teresting one, if they took up the naval appropria-
tion bill, he expected they would be induced 10 give
the preference to prívale bi Is His ruse having
been defeated, he would yield the floor to any gen-
tleman who wished to continue the debate.
Mr TRIPLETT then obtained the floor He
assured the committee, and his friend from Ten-
nessee, that he did not intend to inflict on them a
long speech He would not make a speech at all
were it not for the obligation he felt himself under
to answer some of the objections that had been
made to his amendment. Tne first objection was,
that the reform it contemplated would more appro-
priately come in under the biH for the reorgan-
ization of the navy, and that in an appropria-
tion bill a principle ought not t  be engrafted
which would, in effect, repeal existing statutes
He acknowledged ¡hat the principle contained m
his amendment would, with mucjh more propriety,
come in that general bill. BuFhe did not believe
that that bill would be reached during this session,
and he saw no other way of obtaining the object
he had in view, but through an amendment to the
one that was now pending. It was not his fault
that, from the conxtnution of the Houie, it v as
incapacitated from doing all th" business that
was brought before it, and lherafore, in the cir-
cumstances in whicn he was placid, he thought it
his duty to do all the good in his power, end en-
deavor to save as much money as pi ssible to the
public, that was now idly and uselessly expended
The next objection was, that the amend men would
operate as an ex post fado law This object on,
which had been rancd by the gentl^man from Vir-
ginia, [Mr WiSE,J wes, he acknowledged, a plau-
sible on , and it struck his mind with still more
force, when it was brought forward by the gent'e-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Cdshino. ] He
would truly say, that if he viewed it in that light—
if he believed it to be, either in its letter or spirit,
an ex post facto law, he would at once wubdraw the
amendment Bat, after an attentive consideration
of the arguments that the gentlemen hadad\anced,
he was saiisfled that they look an erroneous v ew
of the subj ct. What was an ex post facto law?
It was a law wbicn prescribed a punishment to
a crime after it had been committed, or that added
to the punishment already wflic'ed. Now, could
the amendment offered 'op considered as similar
to either ff these cases? Take, for instance, the
case cued ye terday Tae judgment of the court
had already been pronounced, that th  offic r
should, for the offence he bad commuted, be sen-
tenced to suspension from service for two yai«,
and to suspension from pay for the same period
The President, upon reviewing the decision, remits
that portion of the penalty which suspends the piy
for two years What, ihen, would be the effect
of the amendment in this case? Why, it did no
more than what Congress had a right to do at any
time, whether an officer ha  been tried by court
martial or not If Congress has the right to fix
the pay of officers in service, it csrtam'y his the
right to say that those who arc i u> of service (no
matter for what cause) shal1 receive no pny But
he was told tnat the amendment interfered wi h
the 40th clause of the rules for the regulation and
governTent of the navy He proposed to amend
that clause L wa<= adopted by one Congress by
the vote of a small majority, and therefore a sab-
sequent Congress had the unquestionable light to
amend or repeal it
[Mr. Saundfrs ask-d if the amendment would
not affect all the officers m service )
In reply to the gent eman f om North Carolina,
he would say that itw^ull affect all officers inter
sentence His anerdm-n was placed on the
ground, that when a man ceased to render service
to the country, from that time—no matter what
might be the cause, other than wound  or sickness—
he should cease to receive pay The Constitution
provided that (except the President of the United
States and the judiciary, whose pay wss fixed, and
could not be increased or diminished during their
continuance in ofttce,) Congress could establish
and alter the pay of every officer of the Govern-
ment.
In raply to a question from Mr McKEON, which
the reporter could not hear,
Mr TRiPLETT said that, if this amendment
cculd not be passed, courts-mar íal would hive ¡he
power to make men pensioners for life, without ren-
dering any service to the Government, by simply
suspending them from service for life, wnhout sus-
pending tbeir pay. In this way, courts-martial
could supersede the legislation of Congress.
With regard to the remaining portion of the
amendment, it provided that no officer should re-
ceive pay who had been out of service for five
years-. It might be asked why he had fixed on
that period of time. To this he would reply, that
he was governed by two considerations tne first
was, that he did not beueve that he could get his
amendment passed, if he had made the time shorter;
and, secondly, he was willing that the Executive
should have it in his power to pension for five
years old and meritorious officers, who had ren-
dered signal service to the country. The acts of
Congress had allotted that period of time for ihe
pensions of officers who had served in the Revolu-
tion, and he thought it would be sufficient lor the
meritorious officers in the navy to place them on
the same footing.
In answer to aieso'ution of the Hojse, the Sec
rotary of the Navy had furnishfd them wuh a list
of the officers who had ceased to r°nder s°rvu,e for
five yea s, and, in all that long )i t, there was but
one for whose absence from serv ce the Secretary
could find any cause There was one officer for
whose absence there was ample cause, but he was
still m employment John J Young h?d lost both
of his legs in the service in the year 182J, and this
was sufficient why he should be permitted to retire
from the service on full pay, but, until 1840, he
was employed as agent or superintendent of the
hospital near Norfolk, and, «ince that time, as com-
mandant of the yard. Was it such officers as tnio
that his amendment would affect' Wo; it was the
young men who had bees foisted into the navv by
the means of the powerful influence they possrssed,
who were unfit for th ir stations, and who were,
therefore, permit ed to remain in idleness Take
such men as Young—the fighting m"n, and the
working men of the navy—and give them vstes in
that House, and, he would answer for it, that mey
would, to a man, vote for the amendment. They
would say, strike the excre->cerces from the navy,
it is 'he part of its frauds to put a stop to this pe i-
sioni g S)stem of paying high salar es to men who
are rendenng no service Mr T concluded by
expressing the hope that the rme^dment wou'd be
alopted If it failed, he did not b-li ve m&t the
reform it contemplated could be effecte! in any
otner way, for he doubted whether the bill for the
re-organization of the navy would be acted on dur-
ing this session.
Mr WOOD reminded the comtri ee th?t the
House had, on yes erday, aiop "J a res 'u ior, on
motion of the chauman of the Commit re of Wa<?s
and Mean , to take this bill out of commi Ue next
Monday at 1 o'clpck, and that, though there re-
maned bu two days of the limited ti •>, and
th ugh t " b '1 proposed an apptopr at o i of near
eight mi lions of dollar , yet we b«d noi erne uded
ihe d"batc on the first sect on He s<-id he had
li 'ened attentive'y to 'hegenileman trom Virgiria,
[Mr Wi e,] and to the gentl-man ¡rom Massachu-
sett  [Mr Cdshing,] who appease i to be First
Lord of the Admualtv upon th s occanon, bu* he
had her-rd no arguments that could m nee him to
vote for the bill, without material modification and
cur ailment If, in ord n«ry tunes, tih"n the
Tr asjry uas full, and the people ab'e and wiling
to oear large expenditures, a bill of th s chirae er
ihomd require full investiga ion and amp!° eorsid-
eiation, how necessary was it now, when bo h
Tre^suiy and people were out of money and em-
bairassed' He required moie discussion on other,
ard, he conceived, more important sec ions than
the one now befóte them Without more intorma-
tton, he should feel compelled to vote against the
whole propositien. He observed that the people
of the country would not submit to an increase of
our naval establishment at a time of profound
peace, without any prospect of war, and with a
certainty of a prostrated and embarrassed Treasu-
ry Though representing a constituency who were
directly interested m a large naval expenditure, ye|
he knew they would not, at ihis time, back him m
supporting it. Gentlemen fr im Ihe Wet had cau-
tioned the members from the Atlan'ic cities not
to push these appropriations too far, far one,
he could assure tho e gentlemen that he re-
pudiated being controlled by such influences.
His votes were always guided bv principle But
if we were in possession of the means, there can be
no necessity for the large increase p oposed. A.
large and powerful naval armament ifat antago-
nist to the simple republicanism of the in&'itations
of the country, if war was probable, the ¡sun*
asked was too small; and if not, as he believed, it
was too large. Another, and to him vital objec-
tion, was, no remedy was proposed for the manner
in which supplies are now procured. He showed
that over $1,200 000 wou'd be expended by navy
agents without control or check, and (hit, instead
of publishing proposals and receiving estimates, it
was the practice of these agent* to purchase fiom
whom they pleased, and, in many cases, at the
prices they plea sed—a practice whici he had no
doubt cost the Government twenty per cent more
than it would under a general system of contract-
ing for e\ery th r.g
He alto opposed the bill, because no ae ion had
been had upon the r verue bil1 Wp know noth-
ing as to the probable rfceip s of the Treasury.
He desir-d that the tariff que* oa right be dis-
posed of, ana Congreso place in possession of the
probable amount of revenue fjr the year, befo'e
it voted away the m lhons n)w a'ked He irgret-
icd that duty forced him to appear to take grtuuda
against "the glorious navy," and, while acknowl-
edging the capacity and vigilance and honesty of
purpose of the head of the Navv Department, yet
he must, under all the circumstances of the case,
record his vote in the negauve on the present bill
as now before the comrmtt e
Mr CHARLES BROWN observed that be had.
alre.dy said that he was \u haz 'o vote libera! ap-
propriations for the navy, prov ted tney were to
be applied m away beneficnl to he country, as
well as for the credit and efficiency of the navy.
He would not, howevr, have asain spoken on this
subject, did he not feel it incumb°rt on him to re-
ply to some remarks which reflected on the city
which he had the honor to repnsent Th" geiAle-
man from the, Nor ft 'k district m Virg ma [Mr.
Malloby] attacked him by 'avmg that the naval
asylum in Philaauph iwi. i I «u ung that it was
built on the muddy 8chuy¡" '!, and on a spot in-
fested by musqaitoes and 11" ague and fever;
and be wandered f om hi« subj ct by say ing that
the navy-yard there was nnt Pi to rrpair and
equip vessels, for that, after 'en  built there,
they had to be sent rou d to No folk to be
fitted oat and ren-ired T e senil man, not sat-
isfied wuh the million that h<-d been spent on
Norfolk, travelled out of b -. v-u to ?ttieir the
mgleeed navy-yard of Ph la-1  phi? Not satis-
fied with having a Prps Inn* -fd a Secetary
of the Nivy favorab e to Wirolli, and the lu¿e
appropnations that had fere off re been made
for that place, together wuh ar our p'oport'on of
officers from his Stale, but he mus' rise and attack
Philadelphia for being a "nckl* p ace, with not
sufficient depth of wa er for a nav¡>' station, and
with such a want ot skill in her mechanics, that
their work has to be -ent roand to Norfolk to be
fin shed He '-as well awa^eot lbs reason why
this wanton attack h?d been rw'eon him and the
city he represented It was b cause he called the
attention of the Hons- to the fact, that an over-
proportion of the officers of the ravy had come
f'om Virginia The genilenan from the Norfolk
district answered this by aligirg that a larger
proportion of the clews m the deprimen^ came
from Pennsyhaaia, Bu' what is a clerk in
the departments, compared win cfiieers of the
navy  The clerk is here to day, and there
to-morrow, and may be dismissed at a mo-
ment's warning. Not so wuh the affairs of the
navy. A midshipman that is appointed io-day, is,
some twenty years hence, to command our fleets,
