
aÓN^ÉSSÍONAL Gtom.
Why was « supposed all oyer the world that Vir-
ginians are more intelligent, more courageous, and
more chivalrous than other1 citizens of the United
State1-? It was because they had always had mere
of the hiah offices of the Government conferred on
them He wanted other portions of the country to
have an eq lal share of the commands in our fleets
and armies, because their citizens possessed these
high qualitiet to as fall an extent as the sons of
Virginia. The history of the Revolution, and of
the late war, showed that Virginians were not be-
fore the citizens of other States in rendering essen
ttal bervce to the country. Mr B. said he had
been objecting to the central influence here, by
•which the sons of mea in Virginia, Maryland, and
this District, got an over-proportion of the appoint-
ments He did not charge this more against the
present Secretary of the Navy than his predeces-
sors, for this influence had been at work for a long
time past. People came here, and became splen-
did paupers, and with the influence that their resi-
dence here enabled them to obtain, they got their
sons fouled into the navy and military academy
It had also be<-n promulgated by the Secretary of
the Navy, that, in making appointments, a prefer-
ence is to be giv en to the sons of officers of the
navy. "£ hi-be looked upon as a mo^t dangerous
pnnc pie, and it was one on which all hereditary
and anstocraticsl distinctions in the Old World
were founded It was now looked upon as a great
favor to give a youth, the appointment of a mid-
shipman Then the recipient of this favor, after
being supported through life—after having the
privilege ot commanding our vessels, and acquir-
ing fame, wealth, and distinction, is to claim it as
a privilege due to him, that his sons shall succeed
to the same privileges, while, in time to come,
their children will also have superior claims This
was a doctrine that the people of this country
would never submit to
Mr WISE, by way of explanation, said be un-
derstood there were a few appointments at West
Pont, and in (he navy, called appointments at
latge, t at were reserved as. the reward of merit,
and out of these the sons of meritorious officers of the
Revolution, and of the late war, received appoint
jnent«. The principle did not extend further than
this, while ihe gentleman alleged that Virginia
had the greatest share of naval appointments. He
would remind him that Pennsylvania, if Mr. Bar-
ker's nomiiation had been confirmed, would have
had all the hi&h offices in the Treasury Depart
ment.
Mr BROWN continued.   What are your Sec-
retaries, and comptrollers, and clerks, in the Treas-
ury, when compared to the navy?   Ihey are here
to-day, and gone to-morrow, and may be dismissed
at a moment's warning, a  many of them lately
have  been.   When  a clerk is put in office,  he
is not to  rue  to   the   rank of Secretary.   But
the  officers   of   the   navy   and    army   are,   in
time, to command your   fleets and armies.   He
was   not,    ho ¿ever,   arguing   the   question   of
which State Ind the largest ¡,hare of the officers of
Government,   hough he had been objecting to the
centralinllaer.ee which surrounded this place. His
object was ti call the attention of the House to the
eireuffistdriccs  under wh ch the gentleman from
the Norfo r c isu 11 made an attack on him, and ihe
little 11 glee id na/y yaid of hi* city, stigmatizing
it   as   Mil i/, infested  widi  mosquitoes and  the
ague and lever, and unfit to repair and equip ves-
stis     i'o snow ihe justice of this attack, he would
meniiG,, irotr a s a'ement be held in his hand, the
ana unt "-ecu/" I iroi-n Government by Norfolk and
Pul dt If ha in lr,e*lait twelve years, for toe equ p-
jnrn  ct   u<- r re   eetive navy yards    Norfolk, in
that ncrud, had received $922,422 for equipments,
anJ |>974 356 fur the coustructitn of a dry-dock,
win!   P¡ i<>Je p>i a had rscuved but $12},0UD only,
and out ot t   s   ¿20 000 was f r ways to Uunch a
ship.   Mi   B   tutu read  p  suiement showing the
cost  of   bail ¡   j   and   repaning   of  several   of
the   j uolic    vt    Is      t   Noifolif,    Fmladelphia,
New York, Bosio i, a^d Portsmouth, from which
it appeared   that   the  average   cost   was   great-
er at   Norfolk aid   New York than  at  Phila-
delphia and Boston, and that the advantage was
wfisvoioi Philadelphia.   After a high eulcgmm
on the skill, industry, and integrity of thff Phila-
delphia mechanics, he said he would repel wuh
scorn the imputation that a vessel had to be sent
round from Philadelphia to Norfolk to be fitted
out, because it could not be done at the former
place. Mr. B then contrasted Philadelphia with
Norfolk m regard to health, giving the preference
to the former, and referred to the hundreds of the
volunteers from the upper part of Virginia who
marched to the defence of Norfolk in the last war,
and who there found early graves m consequence
of the sickness of the place.
Mr MALLORY, in reply, den'ed that he had
made any attack whatever on Philadelphia or its
navy.yard. What h  said was in reference to the
naval asylum at that place, which he had pro-
nounced a splendid humbug. That asylum was
built at a cost of $200,000, out of the seamen's
fund, and, instead of being placed m a healthful
spot, in sight of the ocean, where the old sailors
could be grai fled with a view of the element
associated with their earliest and most interesting
recollections, and where they would have an op-
portunity of seeing and conversing with those of
their own class, was placed on the banks of the
muddy Schuylkill, where its inhabitants were sub-
jected to the ague and fever, and to the attacks of
myriads of musquitoes. The gentleman might deny
the fact, if he pleased, but he knew what he staled
to be the fact. While he was a student of medi-
cine in Philadelphia, he had often visited the
place, and knew that the ague and fever pre-
vailed there. He saw thousands crowded in-
to the hospitals, suffering under that disease; and,
what was worse, the doctors did not then know
how to cure it, and did not know now. Mr. M
then examined the statements made by Mr. Brows
with regard to the cost of repairing vessels at Nor-
folk and Philadelphia, and showed that he was
greatly in error in the calculations he had made—
accounting in each case for the difference stated.
It was not necessary for him to follow the example
of the genlleman in eulogizing the great men of
his State, but he might tell him that Virginia had a
navy of her own in the time of the Revolution,
and he could point to as gallant deeds performed
by it, as were to bs found m the naval anna's of
any country. He could point to the commander
of one of her vessels—a Norfolk pilot—who per-
formed acts of chivalrous daring never equalled by
any Philadelphia!), and not excelled even by Paul
Jones himself. It was true that sickness pre-
vailed among the troops congregated at Norfolk,
during the last war. They were attacked by the
English, and that they whipped them, the battle of
Crasey Island would show. Many of these gallant
volunteers were carried off by diseas"; but that
mighi be accourted tor from the fact, that a large
proportion of them were mountaineers, unused to
the lowlands, cionded togetner, exposed to the
night air, and imprudent m eating fruit. The city
authorities hid not, as the gentleman stated, ne-
glected their remains. The graveyard in which
they were interred wa* enclosed with a substantial
fence, at the expense of the corporation, and tbeir
relatives were satisfied, if the gentleman from
Pennsylvania was pot. As to the navy-yard, it
w%s not selected as a naval depot through any par-
tiality to Norfolk It was made so from ih nam
ral advantages, which were so apparent that it was
used as sucn by the British before tbe Revolution.
It had suffit i nt dep h of water for the large.t ship
that ever floated to sail in and out, with all her
armament and stores on board, and it was not ob
¿tructed by ice at any season of the year. Tríese
veré advantages that Philadelphia did not possess
His Slate gave this navy-yard to the Government,
and did not Ux the public property to pay her State
debt, as Penrsylv&nia had done
Mr BROWN tías understood to express his
dissent to this statement, but his language was not
heard.
Mr MALLORY said that $1,600 was stricken
oat of an app'-opnation bill last session, which was
put m to provide for this object.
Mr BKOWN said that it was a township tax,
and the Legislature of the State provided for it.
Mr. MALLORY replied tha> the State did not
interfere till Congress refused the appropriation.
As to the sickness the gentleman spoke of on tbe
James river, that was not in bis district, it was on
frosh water, and he, being a salt water man, would
only speak for salt water. If, as the gentleman
observed, the low condition of the navy was in
consequence of Virginian having the greatest share
of officers, it might with equal propriety be said that
the low condition of the treasury was in conse-
quence of Pennsylvania's having tbe greatest share
in its management. Without «peaking of the num-
ber of Secretaries they had had f'om Pennsylva-
nia, he might point to the Bank of the United
States, which was the most splendid humbug the
country ever had. If Norfolk had had thtrty.five
millions of other people's money expended within
her limits, she might present as much magnificence
as Philadelphia. Mr. M concluded by wishing the
gentleman a speedy recovery from the ague, which
he said he had caught in conseqnence of his prox-
imity to Norfolk.
Mr FILLMORE honed the committee would
agree to take the vote on the amendments, as there
were other portions of the bill which must necessa-
rily require some debate.
The committee acted on the sugaestion, and the
amendment to the amendment, and the amendment
itself, were both negatwed.
Mr. McCLELLAN then moved to amend as
follows:
At the end of lme 9 of the bill, insert as follows:
Provided, That, till otherwise ordered by Consress, no part
of this or any other future or existing appropriation, shall be
applied to the payment 0f any officers m the navy, ap-
\ omted after this date, beyoid the number in each grade on
the 1st day of January, 1841, and that the excess now m the
service beyond that number, shall be reduced as last a&deaths,
resignations, and promotions wilt permit
On this he proposed to say but a very few words.
The present estimates, he found, were eight mil-
lions and a half, being an excess of three millions
over those of tbe last year. And, by a report of
the head of the depar'ment, it appeared there were
fifteen more vessels in commission than there were
last j ear Yet the estiir>a*es for officers watting or-
ders were $30 000 more than last year, showing
that, since the 4th March, 1841, tncre had been a
great increase of navy officers—in some grades, to
double the number. And, further it was now pro-
posed to increase post captains from sixty-eight to
one hundred and five. Now, he conceived there
was a radical defect in the system. Not a single
officer could be added to the army, without a speci-
fic law, not a permanent clerk could be added to
any department, without a spec fie ia« and yet the
numbei and grade of naval officers, and the num-
ber of ships m commission, were left to the unre-
stricted discretion of Executive authority. The
Executive had had the right to appoint or promote
as many as he pleased, and to increase the number
of ships, and when they, the Representatives of the
people, came there, they were gravely told that they
were bound to make the necessary appropriations,
and provide the ways and means. It was time
that a veto should be put, on the part of this House,
on that power at the other end of the avenue. They
had already passed tne civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill, appropriating five millions and a half
of money, and there were two bills before them to ap-
propriate «urns for the army and navy, which swelled
the appropriations to an aggregate of expenditures,
for three branches alone, of $25,000 000, and this,
too, besides ail ths other expenditures that would
b" necessary to keep the wheals of the Government
in moiion
He asked from what source these disbursements
were to come, when taeie was not a single dollar
in the treasury The public finances were bank-
rupt almost beyond remedy They had attempted
to borrow, and they had piscd a loan bill, and
every bre-zs thav swcpt from tbeNoiih, bringing
intell gence 'hat any portion oí teat loan was, or
was about to bs taken, came upon them 1 ke a clap
of thunder, so unexpected was it. And yet, when
bankjuptcy anl ium stared tcetn in the face, they
were called upon by the chairman of the commu-
te  of Ways and Means, and by other gentlemen,
to swell the public expenses, and to add to the bur-
dens of the people. Now, as one of the Repre-
sentatives of the people, he was not prepared to
sanction a measure which would impose additional
