Mi   .'.                                     ÜONGrílESSÍONÁL GLOBE.
he had a statement in bis hand, which showed that
in the English navy the same practice of necessity
prevailed. There was no other means of relieving
vessels returning from foreign service, and of
training officers for* usefulness. Mr. C. referred to
the fact of the British mail steamers, that were
commanded by lieutenants in the navy; and in the
last appropriation bill of the British Parliament,
there was actually an appropriation for the pay of
these men. Mr. C, in reply to another part of
Mr, McKay's argument, went on to show that
there was not an excess of officers and seamen in
the service. The only question was, how many
officers and men ate necessaty for the public ves-
sels, for the purposes of sailing and fighting them;
and that number ought to be employed. Mr. C.
showed that in the British navy more seamen were
employed in each of their vessels than were put
down in the estimates, showing that it was utterly
impossible to graduate the number of raen tobe 
put on board a ship of a given rate, by a fixed esti-
mate. As an instance, he would refer to the fact
that the Missouri and Mississippi steamships, of
the same model and the same tonnage, are so dif-
ferently masted and sparred a.-? to require more
men to man the one than the other. Mr. C.
noticed the argument of the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. McKay,] as to the comparative
cost of supporting the American and British navies.
He v^as at a less to see the force and application of
the argument. If it meant anythme, it went as an
argument against the whole bill. But, in bis opin-
ion, it had nothing, to da with the question. What '
mattered it to us what it cost to build, equip, and
sail a vessel in England and Russia?
The gentleman did not show any abases in the
system to account for the difference. Admitting
that the cost per year in England was less than m
the United Slates, what did the argument come to?
Why, that materials, lab;>r, and pay of officers
and men, were cheaper in England iban here.
The cost of materials was about the same in boih
countries; the pay of officers was the same; then
the difference must be in the wages t.f the me-
chanics and laborers employed in building the ves-
sels. Did the gentleman, then, desire the wages of
mechanics and laborers to be reduced to what they
are in England? If he really desired that, he de-
sired what was impossible. We cannot induce
mechanics here to work for She fame wages that
they do in England; nor can we make them work
fourteen hours a day, instead of ten. But he did
not agree with the gentleman in the facts stated.
He couid not agree that the cost of supporting the
British navy was Irss than the cost o! supposing
that of the United States; and he than vent into an
estimate, for '.he purpose of showing that the gen-
tleman's; calculation was incorrect. The gentle-
man spoke of the unexpended balance on the l.t
of January, 1842; but there was an unexpended
balance for the year 1S41, and there will be the
same on the 1st of January, 1843. Did the gen-
tleman forget that the expenditures of one year
lap over into anothei?—that theestim?aes are made
in December, and the appropriations are not made
until two or three months alter the session com-
menced? If it were not for the -unexpended bal-
ance of appropriations of the \sx>i year, there
ivosdd be no money for the ferWee from the com-
mencement of the year, till th* passage of the ap-
propriation bill. The whole error arose from the
inconvenient time at which the fi-cii year ended.
We ought to have a fiscal year that sh-iuld corres-
pond with the pabli« business—'.hat should com-
mence at such a time that the appropriation bill
would be passed before the appropriation of the
last year was exhausted.
So, also, the estimates of the horn? squadron bo-
came merged in the general provision for the navy.
There were but eight votes against me bil1 patting
tbts squadron in eommi^bn; and it was oa-.sed
with the understanding that it was an extra provis-
ion for the navy. Mr. C. ti-en west on to arsue
in favor of the utility of that squadron, and to show
that it was an economical and efficient improve-
ment. No gentitmen had said anything against
*Ste establishment of thesquadroD; but they referred
,v*o*v"ift  -vray that he considered as an indirect at-
tack on the ordinary naval establishment. Whilst
they admitted, or professed, that this squadron
ought to exist, they were, in order to maintain it,
for cutting down the ordinary appropriations for
the rest of the navy. The gentleman from New
York ¡*£k d if there was any impending necessity
which required this vast augmentation of appropri-
ations of three millions for the last year? Now, he
denied that there was this vast augmentation. As
he understood it, there was but an augmentation
of little over one million, taking the home squad-
ron into the account; and having out the home
squadron, there was only an augmentation of three
or four hundred thousand dollars. The gentleman
had contended that we were in no danger of war,
to require an increase of our naval establishment.
He agreed with him in believing that th?re was no
danger of a war; he did not desire to raise a war-
panic for the purpose of aiding the navy; he wish-
ed the appropriations to be placed Oit their own
merits, and to be made wi h a view to the efficiency
and respectability of the navy. The gentleman
asked if the appropriations cf 1841 were not suf-
ficient for the protection of our commerce. He
did not believe that they were, and the fact that
the appropriation for the home squadron was pass-
ed by so large a majority, showed that Congress
also believed that they were not sufficient.
Mr. C, in conclusion, said that there was one
political consideration applicable to all time—and
not less applicable to other times 'ban the present—
which shoaid induce Congress to be liberal in its
appropriations for the navy. In the face of the
fact, when there never was a time in the period of
our history when there was so manifest a tendency,
on ths part of the legislative branch of the Govern-
ment, to draw into its own arms the functions be-
longing to the Executive, gentlemen wpre continu-
ally harping on the dangers of Executive usurpa-
tion. In reference to that complaint, there was a
most important and ma'erial consideration applica-
ble to the navy. There were biit two arms of the
military servias—the land forces aid the navy; and
there was this manifest difference between them:
if you augment the land forces, you increase the
Executive power, and place in ths hands of an
ambitious and desisnirs; man who may fill the Ex-
ecutive chair (he means of ovet powering and con-
trolling toe Legislature. No such danger, however,
existed with regard to the navy. This was known
from universal hisioty. There was, in no part of
history, a ease in which the navy had been employed
to suenythen Executive power, and to keep down
a¡id oppress the people. Tncir servia? vasal^-nys
on the ocean, defending their country from for.'ian
'aggression, and cculd not be employed in purging
a refractory IrgUa^nr;', or in shooting down assem- '
blages or the people. Mr. G. referred to the repub-
lics of Aihen , Carthage, aad Venice, whose policy
it was to encotuvje their navies, and to keep their
land forres v/idiin prooer limits.
Mr. PARVIENFER observed, that as he came
fiom a section of the country that was- deeply in-
terested in the welfare of the navy, and as one of
the largest navy-y?_rds was situated in h:s State, it
waspioper that he_ should say a word or two on
the subj:ct. He remembered very well the time
when the frícate Ccn'-tituticn was launched; and
remembered, loo, that in that early period in the
history of the r.avy 'here was considerable opposi-
tion to i', from various sections of the country. He
did not believe, however, that the o¡:poMtion to it
that was manifested at that time resulted from the
fhet of ¡i.-; being unpopular, but because there was
an imprf-sion on the publ-c mind that the then Ad'
minisírjiíion was puíhing the expenditures for the
system further than the public service demanded.
He had frequently, since that time, when he had
seen laige appropriations for ibis branch of the
servic-1 aarried through the Hou<-e, almest by ac-
clamation, feIt an alarm lest the time should con.e
when, from similar causes, the navy would Egain
lose ground in the public favor. He would, there-
fore, warn those gentlemen «ho, like faim, were
friendly to this arm of our defenc-, tba , by carry-
ing their appropriations for it to an extent that the
people might consider extravagan*, would "be
striking a severer Wow at it than its worst er.em.ies
were capable of doing,    At present, however,it
was not the amount of the appropriations that was
operating against the navy, so much as its oigan-
ization.   After (he late war, when the navy, in
consequence of its achievements, had become so
popaiar as to induce Congress to make large appro-
priations for   its   increase,   a   law   was passed,
which placed it almost entirely under the control
of a Board   ©f Navy Commissioners,   consisting
of   three   post-captains.    Mr.   P.   here read   the
act creating the  Navy Board, and observed that
he had no  doubt   of the fact that the principal
pari of the  opposition  that had been since mani-
fested  to  the navy arose in consequence of the
creation of this Board.    Though he had no doubt
that all the officers that had at various times since
its creation composed it were able and efficient, as
officers; yet he did  not beli?ve that the President
ever had it in his power to select such as were, in
every respect, qualified for  the new  duties they
were to perform.    Under the provisions of the lase
he had referred to, it was well known that almost
the whole management of the nAvy was intrusted
to this Board, ifvugh it was provided that the Sec-
retary of the Navy ^hoald  have the supervision of
their proceed.n«s.   Thus they had to make con-
tracts for timber, and for the various other  mate-
terials and supplies required for the nava! service,
notwithstanding the fact that a p^st-captain was
(he most unfit person in  she world to make con.
tracts.   Then they had ihe control of the construc-
tion of our vessels, and, owing to the d fferent tastes
of the efficers, these were built of different models;
many of which were not genera.ly approved  of.
He would not, however, go into this part of the
subject.    Hií object in rising was to express the
opinion that the opposition which was at present
manifested to the navy was more owing to its or-
gamzaiion tban to the amount of the appropri-
ation, and to call ihe attention of the Htuse to the
necessity that existed of passing some law to pat it
on a more efficient footing.   There was another
difficulty  arising out  of the  constitution of tbis
Board, that he should not omit to mention.    From,
ihat sympathy which ihe post-captains had for one
another, and from that esprit du corps which natu-
rally belonged to the service, there was danger of
their employing m.Te efficers  and vessels  of a
larger clnss  tban iheg exigencies of the   service
pointed out, or ihe President and his Cabinet might
approve   of.     For   instance:   when  Commodore
Hull went to th? Mediterranean, a  ship of the
line   was   put   mto   commission   fir   that   ser-
vice,  though a   frigate   would   have  been  suffi-
cient.    Ai=aim  a seventy-four  was put in com-
mission   when   Commodors   Monis,   one   of the
Navy Board, went to the Pacific,  In that case, also,
a frigate would have been amply sufficient for ¡he
service.     Nos?,  ¡he  committee   would  bear  in,
mind that  the difference in expense between the
employment of a ship of the line and a frigate
was two or three hundred thousand dollars.   Now,
if or.e of the high officers of ihe navy, on being or-
dered oa a foreign station, desired a .«hip of the
line instead of a frigate, the Commissioners of the
Navy would be very likely to accommodate him;
aid, therefore, the continuance of this Board would
probably occasion  the employment of larger ves-
sels then the service requires.   Though he felt a
pride in  the honor and glory of ihe navy, it was
necessary, in his opinion, to guard against carrying
ihe appropriations for it to far as to excite jealousy
in the public mind, and render it unpopular. There
v-as an imp e.oi-n abroad, and gaining ground
daily, that the expenses attending this branch of
the service were growing to too great an extent.
With regard to the bill under consideration, the
rcrm.rk had been made that the Secretary oí the
Navy had calied for an expenditure of eleven mil-
lions for the" eDMiing year. It was slated ihat there
was sn outstanding balance of appropriations on
the 1st of January lasi, of ihree millions o' dollars;
and that the Secretary required an appropriation
of eight millions more. Mr. P. then went into a
detailed statement of the appropriations estimated
for under the different heads, from which he came
to the conclusion that,deducting the amount stricken,
out by the Committee of Ways and Means, and the
