CONGRESSIONAL GLOfífi.
S2§
amount stricken out by-this committee, tne expendij
tures of (he current year would be a little over
seven millions of dollars. He then expressed the
wish that no further reduction would be made.
Mr. P. was about referring to the appropriations
for some of the navy-yard', when he was called to
order by Mr. Everett, who desired the debate to
be confined to the question before the House.
After a few more remarks from Mr. P , in which
he expressed an anxious desire to promote the wel-
fare and usefulness of the navy, and deprecated
carrying the appropriations for it to such an extrav-
agant extent as might render it unpopular, he re- •
sumed his seat.
Mr. MERIWETHER replied to some remarks
of previous speakers, in relation to some facts which
he had stated to the committee at an early period
of the debate.    He justified the amendment which
he proposed, and which the committee had adopted,
and relied partially on a communication from the
Navy Department, which supported his position,
that the balance in. hand on the 1st January was
greater than was estimated by the Secretary.   The
document to which he a'luded was a communica-
tion from the Navy Department, m compliance
with a resolution of the House of Representatives
of  the   18th   instant, staling   that   the sum   of
$742,510, chargeable to the appropriation for the
pay, &c. of the home squadron, was on hand on
the 31st December, 1841, and that the sum of
$250,000 of that appropriation was, under the pro-
visions of the act of 30th June, 1834, transferred
to other   heads, which weie exhausted;   which
sum of $250,000 is to be reimbursed to the appro-
priation lor the home squadron, upon the passage
of the law making provision for the naval service
of the present year.   Thus it was shown that, in-
stead of $606 000, the available balance was up-
wards of #742 000; aud if this balance were added
to the appropna'ion called for by the Secretary,
the sum which he required would amount, to more
than |11,000,000   He proceeded to show that some
of  the vessels now forming part  of the home
squadron were in service before; and, therefore,
no additional expense was incurred. And he stated
that some of our ihips, for which provision was
made for the year, were returning home; and, on
their arrival, the men would be d scharged, and con-
sequently they would be paid but for six months,
while provision was made for them for twelve
months.
He also commented on the proposed promotion
of captains, and an increase of their number from
68 to 105, one of whom had not rendered ? day's
service since 1825; and yet it was proposed to pay
him fer the vhole period. He was pleased to find
that the Senate had refused to confirm that nomina-
tion; and he hoped no appropriation would be
made to pay for services which had never been
rendered. Of the recently ordered iron steam-ves-
sel he spoke as the veriest humbug which
could be devised; and he expected, as soon
as it was launched, that it would float to the
bottom. He condemned the continued build-
ing of vessels when they had ves-els rotting
on the stock*; and he asked, white they- had so
many materials on hand—sufficient to ba Id fifteen
74-gnn ships—why they should vote 'he means of
purchasing more ? He would not even vote a
dollar to put the ships now on the stocks into com-
mission, for he believed we did not want them.
Mr. McKAY also entered into some explana-
tion and contended that, thoush m favor of a re-
duction of the appropriation, it did not follow that
he was in. favor of a rcduc'ion of the navy. He
showed, by a reference to executive documents
that in the last year, 'he navy had been increased
by 3 000 men, and he deemed it unnecessary to
keep up the navy, in time of peace, to the point to
which it had been increased, or beyond what it
was in the previous year. He contr ued for some
time, and, in the our^e of his remarks, intimated
that he had documents ta susta'n his position', but
they were not then at hand.
Mr. ARNOLD, therefore, obtained the gentle-
man's permission to move that the committee rise,
which was agreed to; and the committee rose and
reported progress.
The House then adjoarned.
IN SENATE,
Monday, May 23, 1842.
Mr. EVANS presented a memorial from the
inhabitants of Sidney, in the Sta'e of Mame, pray-
ing that the revenue bill, reported by Mr. Salton-
stall in tiso House of Representatives, may be-
come a law wittout modification or amendment:
referred to ihe Commi tee on Man o'petares.
Mr. E. abo presented tie proceeding? of a meet-
ing of the inhabitants of Bucksport and Or'and, in
Maine, on the subj ct of the present depressed
state of the coasting trade, and the principal
branches ot industry connected wuh it, condemna-
toi/ of the tariff of duties imposed at the extra ses-
sion on manufactured wood, referred to the Com-
mittee on Manufactures.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the proceedings of a
public meeting held in Eaton, Madron county,
New York, on the subject of the American pris-
oners at Van Dieman'b Land; and u'g n~ the in-
terposition of thls Government to effect their libe-
rations refetred to die Comrt'it'ee on Foreign Re-
lations.
Mr. W. also presented the petition and vouchers
of Israel Ketchum, one of tne sub contractor?
who was engaged m construc'ing the fott on Dau-
phin íslanl, Alabama, in support of his claim;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the claim of Farrow and
Harris.
Mr CHOATE pre<erted • ¡irminal fron Mas-
sachusetts on ti.e subject ot n'emanonal copy-
rights; which wps referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be pr.nted
Mr. C also pre<eited a memorial from tnhibit-
ants of Birritable, Massachusetts, on the Milj et
of the duty on salt: referred to the Committee on
Manufactures,
Mr McROBERTS presented a memorial from
the Legislatuie of Illinois, urging upon Congress
the claims of Josepi Ogle and others, the ancient
settlers of Illinois, to au additional grsntofland:
referred to the Committee on Public Lands
Mr. SMITH, from t>e Committee on Public
Lands, reponed a bill for the relief of Henry
Newman, wfcuch was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
RHODE ISLAND DIFFICULTIES.
Mr. TALLMADGE rose, and gave nofee that,
when the resolutions heretofore offered by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Allen,] on the subject of the
Rhode Island matteis, cam- up for consideration,
he would offer the foliowu g resolutions as a bubsti-
tute for them, viz.
Rcsohed, That, by the rVo-tiiimor, the United states are
bound not ml/ to e; id a > ) li cveiy ^ ale 'n the Union a re
publica i fum nfcovetnmen , but also to , otc< I (ve h one of
them against invasio , an 1, upon piopei aplica ion, a¿nnt.t
dumesfc violence
Recoiled Tint the ib~7i of government with which a '•Itate
came into the Union mil has. been icc<«;nised -uul lcprescn ed
a& a inembci orthe Union must be liken end legal led as re
publican and that site i 5 Uo 11 entitle! to all th it pi tectum
asamst invasion and domestic violence, which is pledged by the
Conslituiionol tneUmted -states
Resolved flnt toe <jiv inmort of a S e « i comn « into
and rcco'ni ed ,i itiiih rih 1 ii"i c n i nlj lit c i ti «e 1
or super edel en to i ly wi n t1 t niincip'es oí r i 'iiiiLnni
Ri publics wne i 1 i, do en pi ul f o «In in tr e
Id,.       \i            lis   t         i            iju   n   '/
pie u
Gin
till
1 e id   to
I
foice to ovi t ! l( \v t
tionaij  t ml n  o      in   '
tin   es ri_c l n   'nil >! e!i
asentí le-, tint ■> «<" in b    I <•    Utu c (    i \e ulive nhel the
¿ _issl tt ire can iot be i onvtn d) to a p \ ioi and obtain from,
the United it i 'sfnl clitm -•* in-.lt e same
Mi «lu! rinltluapp c i n liad by the I ci ature of
Rholel u d one ot ne () Hi men, 'o tVPie i lei t (I the
\ m ed "Mates in j in ett i i n t ' nucs ic vio ence va-.
within th  me- in  nlit ii¡> f ht ( ;u utio uid that it
Wubthc ni y ifthi. piesi nt tota' esuch pienaratoi/s < p« -s
a wis aili udent liucast nema il d in 1 to adnpuoch em
cient mea ti e  as ate eon ci i-dilel I f the Coisiiutnn <md
tliclav\3iiude inp i    unco ot ll f r giv.nj such pio ection
On cotioi 'f Vi. i I.LL"-T, there olutions and
snbstitu e ^ Co o* >r d to be pr nte 1
Mi. KliSCr r"">s ued i merioiial from eit z«rs
of the £ -*- of ÁHl¡ f a, rcidins; ,n t>e <"ne>- We
country, where a land offi e was itcn'iviu' or-
ízed to be e^tabl shed, recommending Tfff rson, in
Cherokee eountiy, as a f opci 'ocation fer the pro-
posed office: referred to theCommmee on the Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the proceedings of
a numerous meeting held at McKean Corners, in
Erie county, Pennsylvania, on the subject of the
tariff. The resolutions adopted by the meeting are
numerous The tendency of all of them is in.favor
of a tariff of protection to domestic manufactures
against foreign competition: referred to the Com-
mittee on Manaiactures.
THE ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. KING asked the Senate to take up the reso-
lution submitted by h'm four months ago, propos-
ing to fix a day for the adjournment of Congress
sine die. He said that, when the resoluiion was
taken up the second time, the objection of Senators
to it was, that it was premature to pass it then.
The resolution could now be taken up, and so al-
tered as to fix some day proper for the adjourn-
ment. He bslieved that, after a lapse of six
month', the Senate would be prepared near to say
when they would adjourn. If a day was fixed, it
would have the tendency to prevent unnecessary
discussion and delay of the public business. He
aske 1 that the Senate would take up the resolution
for consideration.
Mr. SEVIER demanded the yeas and nays on
that motion; which were ordered.
The question having been put, the result was as
fo^ows:
YÜ \S—Messrs Allen, Basby, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Tulton, King, Linn, McRobeits, oevier, Smith of Connecticut,
fe ur^um, Tap pan, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, and Wught
—17
ív W3—ltfe^is Archei, Bairow, Bates Bayaid, Choate,
C 1 lyton, Cialts- Evan^, (riahtni, Uuntu oten, Mangum, Miller,
Morebead, Preston Rives, Smith of Indiana, Sptague, Tall,
mailge, Win e, and Woodbndge—20
So the Sena'e refused to take up the resolution.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the Sena'e proceed-
ed to ¡he consideration of the bills on the private
calendar; when
The bill for the settlement of the accounts of
Silas Dean was taken up, as in committee of the
whole.
This bill authorizes the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to settle the claim, by paying what
applied to be due Mr. Dean on an examination
oí the vouchers The history ot the claim appear-
ed, from lb  debate, to be this. The Continental
Congrfss authorized its secret committee to enter
into a contract with some merchant to proceed to
Europe to sell produce of the United States, with
the view to invest the proceeds of the same in cer-
tain articles of merchandise for the use of the Uni-
ted States. Mr. Dean entered into a co.itract with
the secret committee to perform the service, for
whicii he was to receive 5 per cent on the purchases.
He proceeded to France in 1776, as directed, and
purchased 100 pieces of artillery, and munitions
of war for 25 000 troops. The charg-s he made,
it s em d, were considered of an extraordinary
charac er. Tney were contested, and the Conti-
nental Congrcs authiiized the pppomtment of an
arent to go abroad and adjust the accounts wi h
Mr Dean. Th- rgent repotted that he had not
sufficient informa ion before him to make a final
aojustmen', but, after the pirtial examination,he
sime'; a b?Knce in. fsvrr of Mr Dean of 6,000 or
7 000 livre . U" rsVed for furthei instructions,
«nit 11' e Co t nen'al Congress never gave, and
q'l'ii'yihe c'ami of five per cent, commis-
rernaiüeJ n abeyant e. Mr. Dean died soon
son feeble in health, and imbecile
m mind, who never was in a condition to prosecute
the claim. Tne son died about the year 1830, and
Mr Doan's representative, in some years after,
learned that the accounts, vouchers, and books,
nece *aiy to support the chaira, before Congress, had
b tn fccdc-ntall/ found in the State Department.
On f*e stren  h of mese docum°n'«, the claim was
pr-ented to Congress n 18,8, and it was refer-
red to thoTieasuryDeparlTie.it, where the whole
matter underwent a rigid anl laborious examtna-
U n TheTreasu.y Department,m due time, made
„s report in favor of the «¡aim, and ascertained
that upwards of $60,000 was due to Mr. Dean.
Tee men's of the c.aim were sustained in the
debate, which arose to day n the Sena'e, by Mros.
CLAYTON SMITH of Connecticut, and HUN-
TINGTON:' and opposed by Messrs KINS,
SEVISR, HENDER ON, MANGUM, and
TAPPAN: the grounds of opposition being, on the
part of Messrs. Sevier, King, and Manoím, that
cot1 '
s oi  rerna
af er, kav vg
