S&4
BO specific sum was set forth in the bill, and con-
sequently no limitation to the appropriate , which
was left to the discretion of the accounting officer.
Messrs, Hbnbekson and Tappan opposed the
claim, on the grounds of probability that the Con-
tinental Congress bad good grounds for disputing
the accounts; and, with fall information on the
subject, having refused to act upon it, there was
no sufficient reason shown why Congress now
should sanction such a large appropriation.
Mr. KING moved to strike out the clause au-
thorizing the accounting officer to pay the money,
and substituting one requiring him to ascertain
and report to Congress, next session, the sum fairly
due on the accounts.
Pending the question on this amendment,
Mr. SEVIER, in order to ga.n time for the pro-
duction of the original contrast, moved to post-
pone the subject iiii to-morrow; which was agreed
to.
The Senate then went into executive session,
and, after some time spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, May 23,1842
Mr. PLÜMER presented the petition of Dennis
Doyle, a soldier of the last war, asking for a pen-
sion : referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
On motion by Mr. FILLMORE,
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Clipfoed
of Maine in the cha<r,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the naval appropriation bill.
When the committee rose on Saturday, the state
of the question was as follows:
Mr. McClellan of New Yotk moved to add
the following proviso:
"Provided, Tbaf, till otherwise otderodbyCoTrres*, no pan
oflhis orany futute oi e\ib n % appropriation shau be applied
to the payment oí any officer in tt e navy appointed alter this
date, beyond the number in each pade on th^ Kt day of Tanu
ary, 1841; and that the excess row in tlie service bCyood that
numbei shall be reduced as fast as dea.hs, legislations, d(\d
promotions, will permit"
Which Mr. Everett had moved to amend as
follows:
Strilcp out all after the word ''rrovided,5' and tn^ett " thet no
part of this appropiu'iou shall be applied for pay of any officer
ofthegrade of cap'atn, comma tder, lieutenant, ui midship.
man, hereafter appo ntej, if the numbei m ^ctvtce oí hit, re-
spective ^rade sh tl! exceed the number .n service on the 1st
day of Januaiy, 1841."
Mr. McKAY, who had the floor, addressed the
committee at some length, in reply to Mr. CrsH-
ma, Mr. McK. was heard so imperfectly, that the
reporter cannot ven.ure to attempt a sketch of his
remarks.
After some remarks from Mr. WISE,
Mr. BIDLACK would inquire of the honorable
gentleman [Mr. Wise] whether these appropm-
tions could not be cut down to an amount barely
necessary for me pte-ent wants of the navy; and
then provide for any thing ihat might be expedi-
ent or necessary beyond that, in the bill for toe le-
organizauon of the navy, which he proposed should
be next taken up?
Mr. WISE replied in the negative.
Mr. BIDL&CK would further ask the gentle-
man whether Le had read the article: jn this morn-
ing's Madisomai, which led to the inference that
there were soma apprehension oí a wgr with
England? Did the gtntletnan know whether any-
thing had transpired in reg^id to the n got ations
now in progress, which would authorize such an
inference?
Mr. WISE replied <hat be had not ceen the ar-
ticle the gcntlorn.m referred to, aid this was the
first time he had heard an> thing about ¡t.
Mr. FILLMORE sa,d he wodid submit -i lew
remarks in relation to 'otnc of the itt.-r.s in the
bill Forth constrwwon of th- dr>'-d ek at New
York, the es'ima'e sent m was $182,000; and the
Committee of Ways and Mean  had reduced the
same to §129,100. Wjt'i a proviso r^qjinng that
the site should be surveyed, the title made good,
and the location reapproved by the President and
Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. McKEON said he had called upon the
m.?j Commissioners in relation to this work, and
€ONfíREgglONÁL GLOBE.
g.....                                                                                           ~
had learned from theui that, out oí $50,000 pre-
viously appropriated towards this work, $47,000
had been expended, or was under contract. An
engineer had been appointed, and the work was in
progress.
Mr. FILLMORE held that though the work
might be in the progress of construction, yet it
should not go on if it were shown that its position
was disadvantageous. He read from the report of
the Secretary to show that the location as now pro-
posed was bad—not enough land in front, and pri-
vate propetty adjoining, (especially a turpentine
manufactory,) which would render the public pro-
perty in danger from fire.
After some remarks from Messrs. McKEON
and AYCRIGG,
Mr. FILLMORE stated the reasons for the item
of $59,097 for naval stores and ordnance on the
lakes. It was for the purpose of protecting that
psrt of the country which was so liable to aggieá-
sion.
Mr. CARUrHERS was understood to inquire
whether there was :.ot a greatei number of ve-seis
than usual on the Northern Iskes.
Mr. FILLMORE angered, that, according to
the conven ion of 1817, there were two vessels on
the upper, and one on the lower lakes. At pres-
ent, he understood, from documsnts in his posses-
sion, that the British had on the lakes one vessel
of twen'y guns, two of six, and three steamer —
making in all six armed vessels, where we had none.
There was another fact, which he would mention.
Our vessels could only be used upon the lakes
where they were built; there was no means by
which they could pass the falls. The British ves-
sels, on the contrary, could pass them by means of
the ship canal, en the Canada side.
Mr. MERIWETHER inquired whether the
Secretary of the Navy had sent m the estimate
for ordnjucr; also, whether the sum of $600,000
was not appropriated for that object at tae extra
session.
Mr. FILLMORE said the estimate was not sub-
mitted by ihe Secre'.aiy of the Navy, th; item hav-
ing been inser'cd by the Committee of Ways and
Means. In answer to the second inquiry, he would
state that $600,000 were ppproptiated at the extra
session; but lie whole of the appropriation wa<- ex-
pended on the service ia the Alanue and the Guit
of Mexico Now, ¡t was propesed to ?pp'y a small
sum to the lakes, where protection was peeded, in-
asmuch a^ the first shock of war would be felt in
that quarter. He hoped hi, Atlantic ft fnd«, who
had had the benefit of §155,000,000 of naval ap-
propriations, would not object to this small amount
for the lakes.
Mr. STUART of Illinois inquired whether, ac-
cording to the convention between iho two Gov-
ernmea's m 1817, -¿ix nion'hs' notice had not been
g,v¿n by one of the psriiec, and the provision, al-
lowing only a certain number of armed vessels io
e¿ch power, annulled?
Mr. FILLMORE said he did not know whether
either naticn had given notiee of its deoire to have
the convention suspended oi not. He believed,
however, that, m eon^eqasnee of the disturbances
in the British territories our Government hid im-
pliedly consented that the Eng'i-h might employ
more vessels than were allowed by the convention
of 1817.
The hour of one o'eloc1" hiving arrived, the
time v,hicb had been agreed pdoii to terminate the
deba e m I'm Committee of the Whole, the co-a-
nuttee was brought to direct votes on'he le'pec'ive
ciau-es and the amendments offered thereto. Tel-
lers wer- called f,r on the amendment offered by
Mr. Everett to the amend m-nt of Mr. ?4c-
Clellan, ?n! it was negatived; the vote being
71 in h  sñirecMive, and 75 in the negative.
Mr BVhNAED called for tellers on Mr. Mo
Clkllan's amendment, which 'rere ordered; and
the vo.e was 89 in the affirmative, and 80 in the
negative. Tne amendment was, therefore, agreed
to.
Clauses Nos. 2, 3, and 4, were passed over with-
out amendment.
Cla'use Nos. 5 was for increase, repair, arma-
ment, and equipment of the navy, and wear and
tear of vessels in commission, $3,165,000; which
the Committee of Ways and Means proposed to
reduce to $2 000,000.
Mr. CARDTHERS proposed ¡o amend by re-
ducing the amount, to $1,000,000, which was neg-
atived; the vote, taken by tellers, being 70 in the
affirmative and 94 in the negative.
He then proposed to amend by fixing the sum at
f 1,500,000; which was also negatived by a major-
lty of 88 to 80; and the amendment of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means was agreed to.
Clau--e No. 6 was for ordnance and ordnance
stores on the Northern lakes, $59,097.
Mr. HOWARD proposed to add diereto a pro-
viso to the effect that any armed steamship which
might be constructed on the Northwestern lakes,
under the authority of a late act of Congress, should
not be constructed of iron, or puncipally of iron,
but of such materials as are usually employed for
the construction of vessels cf war.
. Mr. PROFFIT asked if this amendment was in
order. He said the contract for the vessel refer-
red to bad been long since signed, scaled, and de-
livered.
Mr. FILLMORE remarked that the amend-
ment had nothing to do with the subject-matter of
the clause to wh ch it was proposed to append it;
and therefore was not m order. The clause of the
bill related to ordnance and ordnance stores; but
the amendment related to a vessel which had been
already ordered.
The CHAIRMAN decided ihe amendment to
be out of order.
Mr. HOWARD appealed from the Chairman's
decision; but the House sustained it on a division,
and the clause of the bill, m its original shape, was
adopted.
Clause No. 8—being for improvement and neces-
sary repairs of the navy yard at Charlestown, Mas-
sachusetts, $''6,000—the Committee of Ways and
Means proposed to amend, by reducing the sum to
$29,000.
Mr PARMENTER proposed to make the sum
§64,000, which was negatived, and ihe nmend-
mer.t of the Committee of Ways and Means
was agreed to.
Clause No. 9 was for improvement and necrs-
s ry repairs of the navy-yard at Brooklyn, New
York, $183,600; which the Committee of Ways and
Means proposed to reduce to §129,100.
Mr. FILLMORE submi'ted a p'ovis-o, to pro-
vide that no part o>" this or anv former appropria-
tion should be applied to construct a dry-dock at
Brooklyn, until a suitable site had been selecid, and
plans approved by the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. LEVY desired to submit an amendment, to
provide for the construction of a dry-dock at Pen-
sacola; but it was decided net to be in order.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to amend the
proviso, by subsuming " Congress" for the "Sec-
retary of the Navy," whose approval should be
necessary before any part of the appropriation
could be expended for the construcion of the dry-
dock at Brooklyn.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL asked how the gentle-
man from Tennessee proposed that the approbation
of Congees1; should be testified.
Mr, Johnson's reply was not heard.
Tellers were then called for, and 35 only voting
in favor of Mr Johnson's amendment, it was wiih-
drawn: and the proviso of the Committee of Ways
and Means wa<. agreed to.
Clause No. 10 proposed to appropriate §17,100
for lmprotem nt and necessary repair of thenavy-
vard at ¡Philadelphia, which the Coramittee of
Way* and Means prcpos-J to reduce to $1,600.    •
Mr. C. BROWN moved to ampnd, by substitut-
ing for $1,630 the s •m. of £100,600; which was
r-ega'ived. He thtn proposed $50,630; which was
also neg.t'ved; and the amendment of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means was agrped to.
Clause No. 11 appropriated §43,700 for the
navj-jard at Washington. Tba Committee of
Ways and Means reduced ihe sum to §15,300; and
the amendment was agreed to.
Clause No. 19 appropriated £92,800 fox the na-
vy-yard at Sos-porl; which was reducea to $56,800
on the recommendation of the Committee of Ways
and Means.
CiauseNo. 13 proposed to appropriate $33,800
