CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5%#
for improvement and necessary repairs of the navy-
yard at Pensacola, Florida.
Mr. LEVY moved to amend, by striking oat
$33,800, and add, "with a view of fitting ft for the
construction and repair of ships, $ 100,000," which
was negatived.
Clause No. 15 was for necessary repairs of the
hospital building snd its dependencies at Brooklyn,
New York, $20,000
Mr. FILLMORE was understood to move to
strike out this appropriation, and insert $1,550.
This amendment was agreed to, and the appro-
priation, by clause 17, for ilia hospital at Pensacola,
was also understood to be reduced from $28,000 to
#2,000.
Clause 18, for the necessary repairs of the Phila-
delphia Naval Asylum, $1,300—
Mr. CHARLES BROWN proposed to amend,
by increasing the amount to $2,300, which was
negatived.
Mr. MERIWETHER said if $1,300 would suf-
fice, he thought any sum could be dispensed with;
and he therefore moved to strike out the entire ap-
propriation.   The moiion was negatived.
To clause No. 20, for contingent expenses for
objects not thereinbefore enumerated, $3,000—
Mr. FILLMORE proposed to add a provision
for the payment of $4,345 for a survey ef Nan-
tucket Shoals.
Mr. SHIELDS moved an amendment to ap-
propriate $6,000 for a sutvey of the Gulf of Mex-
ico.
The CHAIRMAN decided that both amend-
ments were out oí order.
Mr. FILLMORE explained that the money for
which he desired an appropriation to be made had
been already paid by the navy agent; and, if the
committee would permit, he would state the cir-
cumstance'? under vmch it was done.
The CHAIRMAN intimated that, as it was a
payment not previously authorised by law, the
amendment was not in order.
Mr. SHIELDS wished to offer his amendment
separate and distinct from that of the gentleman
from New York; and he believed it would be m or-
der, as the survey of the Gulf of Mexico had been
authorized by law.
Mr. UNDERWOOD mqu'red whether he cor-
rectly understood that the sum paid for the survey
of the Nantucket shoals had been paid without au-
thority of law?
Mr. FILLMORE said Ihe navy agent had paid
the money by the authority of the Navy Depart-
ment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said he should oppose it,
then, foi hi wanted to break down such a system
of doing business.
Both amendments were withdiaw".
The clauses of the bill, from No 21 to 23, inclu-
sive, were undei th- head of "-nanne corps," to
which no amendments were / ffercd.
Mr. WISE then said he wished the commitlee to
return to clause No. 13, appropriating $33,000 for
the Pensacola navy-yard, as he was not in his seat
when that clause was acted upon, and he was desi-
rous to move an amendment thereto.
The clause was again taken up, and Mr. WiSb
sent to the Clerk, to be read, a communication from
the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. MERIWETHER asked r that was m or-
der now the debate was closed? If the debate was
again to be opened, he hoped they should ah be
allowed to take part in it.
Mr WIoE said it was not a re opening ot the
debate; but he presumed he wa, at liberty to move
his amendment, v,hich was to add the sum of
*1 500 for a naval constructor at tne Pinícola
na'vy-taid, which would increase the appropria-
tion for the yard to $35,300.   The amendment was
aSMrd GWIN moved to strike out the whole of
the bill after the enacting clause, ud insert a sub-
•urn  which he had prepared, appropriating the
sum of 4,1,000,000 for the immediate and pressing
wants of the navy.
The motion was negatived.
Mr. HOWARD desired again to ratal t an
amendment which he had previously offered, re-
specting the steamship constructing for the lakes;
but it was decided to be out of order.
Mr. CARUTHERS offered an additional sec-
tion to provide tbat no part of the appropriations
made by this bill should be transferred to other
heads than those for which they were expressly ap-
propriated.
The proposition was negatived.
Mr GWIN renewed his motion, varying the
sum which he proposed to fix at $1,500,000.
The motion was negatived.
Tha committee then rose, and Mr. CLIFFORD,
its chairman, reported the bill to the House with
sundry amendments.
The Speaker took the chair; when
Mr. CUSHING obtained the floor, and moved
the previous question
Mr. MERIWETHER inquired of the Speaker
whether, under the previous question, lh° question
would be taken seriatim on each amendment, er
on the whole together; also, whether it would pre-
vent the offering amendments in the House that
had been rejected m Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER sai4 that, if it was the pleasure
of the House, the question would be taken on each
amendment separately; and that no amendment
could be offered that had been rejected in Commit-
tee of the Who'e.
On taking the question, " Will the House serond
the previous question V the a>es weie 56, and the
noes 57—not a quorum; whereupon
Mr. CUSHING called for teller", which were
ordered, and M(s=rs. Qvvm of Mississippi and Ay-
crigg of New Jersey w ere appointed, win , on la-
lurg the count, reported 81 ayes and 77 noes. So the
previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered, when it
was first taken on concurring in the amendment
made in Committee o* the Whole, reducirg the ap
propnatton for the pav of commissioned, warrant,
and o"ity officers, and seamen, from $3,195,432 23
to $2 335,000, and decided m the affirmative- yeas
113, nays 89, as folior:
YEAS—Messrs Landaff VV Andrews, Arnold, Am«gtoti,
Atherton, Aycugg, Beeson B dlack Black, Boardman, Bjyd
Bronson, Aaion V Brown Milton Biown, Challes Blown Tere ,
miah Blown, Burke William O Butlei Green VV Caldwell,
Patrick C Caldwell William B f mi hell, Thomas J Camp
bell, Caiuthei-, Casey, Chapman Chftord, Clinton, Coles Col
q nit, Mark a Coopei, Cowon, Craven , Daniel, Garrett Davis,
Richard D Davis, Dean, Debeiry, Doan, John C Edwards,
I oert, Challes A Floyd, romance A Lawience Poster,
Thumas T roster, Gerry, Goggm, William O Goode, Graham,
Green, Guiline, Gwm, Hams, Hays, Houck, Houston, Howard,
Hubard, Hunter Jack, Cave Tohnson, John W Jones Keim,
Lane, Lewis, Lmlefield, Abraham McClellan, Robert McClel
tan McKay McKeon Allied Marshall Samson Mason, Matlnot,
Medill, Meriwether Miller, Mitchell, Moore, Newhart Owsliy,
Patnd^e, Payne, Pickens, Raynei, Read, Redmg, Renchci,
Reynolds, Rhett Rogers, William Russell banlord Saunders,
Shiw Shepperd ¡shields, Snyder, Spn g, Stokely, John T Slu
oit, Sweney Iihn B Ihompson, lacob Thompson, Triplet!,
Turney, TJndeiwood Van Burén, Warren, Washington, West
biook, James W Williams Ghlistophel H Williams, Joseph
L Williams and Wood—113
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Allen, Shei'oek J Andrews, Bab
cock, Bikei Barton B rdseye, Blair Bitti, Bowne, Biewsttr,
¡Bit 'St Hi iekv,ay, Burnell, Wil lam Bntlel, Chil Is C ttendon,
Tohn C t Ink, Staley N Claike Tames Cooper, Cianston,
Cushm , JohnElwards, Everett, rein  It sen len Iillmoie,
John G rioyd, Ganilili Gilln  •>, Gilmi r, Pal ic'v C Grole,
C an'er, ITab-lsham Hall Wl liiflnS Histmg I ihllfa Unís,
Ilopkm-, Hudson, Hunt Charles T Inecr It, To eph R Ingei
sill WilllanW Irvir, Tames Wil la n < est loh is >n, Tolm P
Kennedv Ktnsr, Lowell, Malloiy, Matrices, M ix «ell Mofan
Morn Vuinw Oli\u Parmentei, Pe ice, Puiidieton Pow
ell, Ptoffit Ramsay Ran lili, Ri l?wav Ri gs, Roosevelt, Tunis
M Rlia II, Sill install, fcla'e, Ti unían Smitn, Slanlv Strat
to A II II Stunt hummer, sum ur Tahaferio Rio mid
\\ 'Thompson Tillmanast ToUnd fomlnsoi \ anRensselaer,
WulLc- Waul, Weliei, E'wirrt 1) Wl t, Thomas W Wu
1 ams, Wne, Yorke, an 1 John Young—bl
Ire next question \ as on concurras; in the fol-
low ng proviso, adopted on tne motion of Mr. Mc-
Clellan
> t the end of line 0 of the bill, mse as follows
1 Proi ded lhat till otherwise oideied by C ogress, no part
oft'is oi aiy otiei future o exis mg appropiiatton, shall be
tppned to the payment of a ly offsets in the niw appointed
ale tli date leyontliberu ib r m eaei erade on he 1st day
of Jiimry, lb-tl and thaaheevcess lowmthe^rvie beyond
toa i umbel shad be re 'i ced „s la-t l  dcv'is, resigna'ionn,and
or i ion ns, v ill pet not "
Mi. WISE called for the y "as and nay« on this
amendment, which were ordeied; and, on taking
ihe question, resulted in yea3 100, nays 94, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs Arnold, Amngton, Atherton, Aycugg,
Beeson, Black, A V Brown, M>lton Ri own Chas Brown,
Jeiemiah Brown, Burke, William O Butler, Green WCald-
well, Patrick C Caldwell, John Campbell, William B. Camp
bell, Thomas J Campbell, Caruthers, Casey, Chapman, Clif.
ford, Clinton, Ookmitt, M A Cooper, Cowen, Cravens, Daniel,
Garrett Davis, Richard D. Davis, Dean, Deberry, Doiff,
John C Edwards Egbert, Chas A Floyd, Fornar.ce, A £.
Foster, Geny, Giddwge, Gilmer, Goggin, William O Goode,
Green, Gustme, Gwm, Hall, Harris, Hays, Houcfc^ Houston,
Howard, Hubaid, Hunter, Jack, Cave Johnson, Keim, Lewis,
Littiefield, Abraham McClellan, Robert McCleltan, McKay,
McKeon, Alired Marshall, Mathiot, Matthews, Meriwether,
Moore, Newhaid, Owsley, Parmenter, Patridge, Payne, Plumer,
Rayner, Read, Reding, Rencher, Reynolds, Rhett, William
Russell, Sanford, Shaw, Shepperd, Slade, ¡Snyder, Spngg,
Stanly, John T Stuart, Sweney, John B Thompson, Triplet!,
Turney, Undeiwood, Van Buren, Warren, Weller Westbrook,
James W Williams, Christopher H Williams, and Joseph L.
Williams—100
NAVS—Messrs Adams, Allen, Landaff W Andrews, Bab-
cock, Baker, Bunaid, Barton, Birdseye, BKir, Botts, Bowne
Brewster, Bn<*gs, Brockway Bronson Burnell, William But,
ler, Childs, Chittenden, John C Clark, Staley N Clarke, Coles,
James Cooper Cranston C istimg, John Edwards, Penis, Fes
renden, Fillmore, John G Ploy d, Thomas P Foster Gamble,
Patrick G Goode, Graham Grangei,Habeisham,Wm S Has-
tings, Hopkins Hudson, Hunt, Charles J Ingersoll, Joseph
R Insrersoll, James Irvm, W W Irwin, James, Win Cost
J Anson TihnW Jones John P Kennedy, King, Lane, Low-
ell, Malloiy, Samson Mason Mattocks, Maxwell, Mitchell,
Morean, Morris, Morrow Oliver, Pendleton Pickens, Powell,
Ptoflit, Ramsay, B nj Randall Ridgway, Rings, Roosevelt,
J M Russell Saltonstall, Sh elds, Ti uman Smith, William
«mith, Steeniod, Stratton, Alexander II H Stuart, Summers,
Sum er, Talnfeiro, Richard W Thompson, Jacob Thompson,
Ti1hn"hast, Toland, Tomlmson, Van Rensselaer. Wallace,
Ward, Washington Edward D White, Thomas W Williams,
Wise, Yorke, and Tohn Young—94 -■
The remaining: amendments made in Committee
of the Whole were severally concurred in wiihout
a division; and the bill, as amended, was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, after which,
The qaestion was taken by yeas and nays on the .
passazp of the bi'l, and carried in the affirmative—
yeas 171, nays 33, as follows:
\EAS—Mes rs Adams, Allen, L W Andrews, Sherlock
J Aithev\s, Arnold, Avcngg Babcock, Baker, Barnaid, Bai-
ton HiuKeye Biack, Blau, Boirdmau, Botis, Bowne, Boyd,
Bu""-. Biockwiy Bonstn, Milton Brown, Jeiemiah Brown,
BuhC'i, Williim Butle', William O Butler, John Campbell,
Casey, Chil Is < Inttcnden Tohn C Clark, Staley N Clarke,
Clifloid Clin on Coles, Cowen, Cianston, Cravens, Cushmg,
Garrett Davis Dean Deberry, John Ldwaids, Egbert, Everett,
Terns lea enden, Tillmore, Thomas P Toster, Gamble, Gerry,
Giddm s Gilmer Ooggm, Patrick G Goode, William O.
Gooae, Grahim, Granger, Green, Gustme, Gwm, Habersham,
Hall.IUnii, William b Hastings, John Hastings, Hays, Hop
kins, Houck, Howard, Hubard, Hudson, Hunter, Hunt, Jo-
seph R Ingersoll, lames Irvm, William W Irwin, Jack,
Tames William ( ost Johnson, Cave Johnson lohn W Jones,
Jilin P Kennely Kin" I,iie, Iinlefi.ld, I owell Abraham
McClelhn Robeit McClc Ian, McKay, Malloiy, Marchand,
Alfied Marshill, Vinson ulason, Mathiot Mathews, Mattocks,
Maxwi.ll, Medill Mitch-ll, Mooie, Morgan, M irrow, New-
hard Olivei Owsley, Parmenter, Pattutee, Pearce, Pen-
dleton, Pickens, Plumer, Pope, Powell Promt, Ramsey, Ben-
idium Randall Raynei, Renchei, Reynolds, Ridgway, Riggs,
Roosevelt, William Russdl, James M Russell, Saltonstall,
faunders, Shepperd, Shields S'ade, Truman Smith William
Smith, Steenrod, fetokely, Straiton, Alexander H H Stuart,
To'mT Stunt, Summers, Sumter, Sweney Taliaferro, John
B Thompson, Richard W Thompson, Jacob Thompson,
Tillin"hast rilind, Tomlmson, Tnplett, underwood, Van
Rensselaer, Wdlace Warren Washington Wattevson Weller,
Edward D White Thomas W Williams, James W Williams,
Jo enhL Williams, Wise, Yorke, and Young—171
j^ysi—Messrs Arrmgton Atheiton, Beeson, Bldlack, Brew-
stci, Challes Biown Burke Oieen W Caldwell, William B.
Campbell riiorns J Campbell, C iruthcrs, Colquitt, Mark A.
Coopei, Daniel Doan Doi,', Tohn C Edwuds, John G Floyd,
romance, A L wionc rosier, Henry, Keim, Andiew Ken-
nedy, Lewis McKe-m, "iltnweinei, Real Reding, Snyder,
Tuiney ^an Buten, Westbiook, and Christopher H. Wil-
liams—33
On motion by Mr. WISE, the House resolved
itselt into Commi'te" of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr Ujsdlrwogd m the chair,) and re-
sumed tb.p consider tion of the bill providing for
ihe appointment of a board to prepare a code of
rules and regulations.
When this bi'l was last under consideration in
Committee of the Whole, the amendment pending
was that increasing the number of pursers from tea
to fourteen, and to add to ihe board two citizens, to
represent the sailors and one officer of marines, to
represent ihe marine corps.
Mr. WISE s. it tv>eie was no objection on the
part of tre coman tee to that amendment. He
wojld suggest, however, to trie gentleman from
Kemucly v„hi ifíered this amendment, that no
piy was propose for the members ot 'he board, as
they utrt to be officers in the service, and under
pay, and that, therefore, be ought to modify his
amendment so as to provide pay for the civilians
he contemplated putting on it. It would perhaps
be better to have but one civilian on the board, and
for it to consist of one of each grade, making seven
m all—viz one captain, one commander, one lieu-
tenant, one passed midshipman, one midshipman,
oae purser, and one civilian.
