moiety of the fractions; and quoted the words of
the Constitution, on which he commented for some
time. He contended that the trae theory of the
Constitution, as expressly stated in the instrument
itself, was, to appor ion representation and direct
taxes according to numbers, in reference to the pop-
ula ion of the S'ates lespectively.
In apportioning direct taxes, the fuil number of
the population in each Slate was affected. The
Constitution was imperative that the same ruie of
apportionment should apply with regard to tepre-
sentation. Bat, in practice, it was found impossible
to apportion Representatives «o as to Ir ave no frac-
tions. The constitutional necessity was, however,
maintained m the principle that the least possible
fraction should be left—that the approximation
should be made as near as practicable to the full
representaron.
The amendment proposed by the committee
would reduce the aggregate fract on for the whole
of the Union from between five and six hundred
thousand, down to less than two hundred thousand.
For this very reason ii was more consonant to the
true intent and meaning oí the Cansti'tition than
any arrangement by which a greater fraction would
be left
He understood it was objected that there could
be no common divisor, equally applicable to all the
States, lhat would effect this object ; and that ihe
bill was subject to ihe same exceptions which Gen.
Washington took to the appoitionment bill of
1792, which he vetoed He denied mat there was
any analogy between the two hi 1-, or that the ob-
jections applicable to tha', could be applied to this
One of Gen Washington's main objections was,
that the bill sent to him gave some of the States
more Representatives than their population entitled
them to under the ratio of 30 000. Such an ob-
jection did not he to the bn now befoie the Senate
The nearest approach to an apportionment liable
to such objection would be with legard to the
Sta e of Delaware; which, with a population of
70 000, would be allowed, under th  committee'';
amendment, two members: that is, one for each
35 000 of population But if the population of
that State was oniy f 0,000, according to the mm-
imum ratio of 30,000 mentioned in the Constitu-
tion, it might have two Representative .
The fact was, that Geneial Washington's veto
message should be considered as applicable to the
apporiionment bill ef 1792, ¿nd not as applicable
to the present bill, which bears no analogy to that
of 1792. The bill of 1792 was directly in the teeth
of the Constitution. This is not so; on the con-
trary, it approximates nearer than any other to tne
spirit and intent of the Constitution.
Another of Gen. Wa hiugton's objections to the
bill of 1792 was, that it contained no ore propor-
tion or divi-or founded on the respective popula-
tions of the S'ates, and uniformly applicable to
them all. But ih's, bill contains a ratio of 50,000,
which he (Mr. W.) contended was not only a pro-
portion strictly \ ithin the meaning of the phrct-e
in Gen. Washmgton'4 message, but, in point of
fact, it was a mathematical divisor.
On the grounds he had thus svted, he was in fa-
vor of the committee's amendment, he saw no
othei means by which so near an approximation
conld be made to a full representation.
In reference to the amendment propced by the
committee to ihe second se. tion—hat re'atmg to
elections by districts—ne would say, ih<u if a gen-
eral rule could be adop'ed and carried into effect
voluntarily, he would prefer the general ticet
system to any otter. Bat «ome cf the <3 ates icd
become so accustomed 'o the othc r mode of electing
their Representatives, that he die ujhtit.nexpecuert
for Congress to interfere, pamculaily as no evil
had resulted from Ihe p. acuca of the States When
the question on lhat subject catre up, he would
move to strike out the who's, section. It was a
matter wh eh ought to be left to the States them-
spl ves
Mr. BUCHANAN sa>d he thought thai, m the
discussion upon this bill, they should make better
progress by discussing but one amendment at a
time. It was extremely proper for the Senator
from Georgia to make a general introduction to the
discussion, upon all matters connected with the
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
b.ll; but, at present, he apprehended the question of
fractional representation was the one to which
their attention should be directed. This questi n,
. he thought, should be decided first, without refer- i
ence to any other proposition or amendment. And |
upon this subject, he bad but a very few words to
say; because, notwithstanding the able and ingeni-
ous speech of the Senator from Mississippi, whose I
rem?rks weie alwajs able and ingenious, he (Mr [
Buchanan) had net b«en able to discover suf-
ficent reason to change the opinion which he enter-
tained—and which he believed had been almost
universally entertained since the very origin of the
Government—'hat such a provision would be a
violation of the Constitution. Now, let uo ascer- |
'am the facts (said Mr. B) as they exist,
in relation to this calculation. Delaware has a
population of 77 000, and is to be allowed two !
mfcbers. The ratio proposed by this bill is
50 C00. What will be the effect? Why, that Del- ,
aware will bave one Representative for every
38,500. There are thirteen States wh'ch will all
have Representatives, though not in the same '
proportion with each other, and having a ratio [
loss than the number stated to be the com-
mon divisor in this bill. In Pennsylvania, there i
would be one Representative to every 51 000,
while in De'awaie, there would be one to every
38,500. Here Mr. Buchanan referred to a bill
which wa1- pa-sed by the Congr-si of the United
Stales iq 1790, providing fo* tre represen atiem of
the several Sutes, and v< toed by Prefinen' Wash-
ington, and the reasons given ' y the President for
thai veto, and proceeded to argue that, inasmuch
a-> from ihe veiy eb'abtisbment of this Government
it was proviied that the representation shouH not
exceed one for eveiy 30,000 of the popula ion, and
that r^iesentation and taxation should be appor-
ticned among the several Sta e-. according to their
respective i umbers, Ibe propose on 0f tj,e Com-
mittee on the Judiciary iras a violation of the Con-
stitution, a* 't«asa manifest vio'ation of the prac-
tice of the Government from Us commencement
As to the injustice which it tvould effect towards
the slaveholdmg State?., he thought there would be
time enough to consider of that (though he was the
last man .n the Senate disposed to do them injus-
tice) after ihey had determined as to the question
of fractional representation. He was opposed to
the proposition, inasmuch as he believed it to be a
violation of the Constitution, and at war with-the
pr rciples laid down by Washington, in the first
veto, to which he had referred.
The debate was con inued by Messrs. CRIT-
TENDEN, WALKER, and BERRIEN, in sup.
port ot the commiitee's amendment to represent
f'acions. and by Messrs WOODBURY, KING,
BAYARD, BUCHANAN, and TAPPAN, m op-
position.
At lour o'clock, wi hont the question being taken
on the amendment,
tlir. MANGUM moved an adjournment, which
was agreed to, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSr OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, M -. 2J, 1642.
Mr. BRIGGS hop-d the House would con'ent
to suspend the ruL-, lor half an heu*, to enable
tntin to take "p a bill re! . ue to the conducts of
tie Postmaster General v.Jh railiood companies
for ti i convelan c oí the mat's
Mr TALIAFERROa dotber^enllemcnrequest-
ed r itn *o waive eueh a l ot."n, for tne pu pose of
enabhag th"in   a get iti reports.
Mr. COWEN so^ges'sd that committees should
be called leguiar!^ fci lepor s
Mr. FILLMORE remarked that manv conld
not report, as th«y had n >t come prepar d, but if
to-Tiosrow vere spprnpr rted for mstpurpose, thev
wouUi ta'te ciip to le reííd^
M" STUART of Virsi'iia said he was ool £°d
to leave for V rgm<a to-morrow, and he was desi-
ious to report, befuie he le't, three several bills from
tne Committee en Private Land Claims. The bills
were accordingly received,¡and re?d twice,and com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole House on
the stfte of ihs Union, they were of the following
[ titles.
■'...'"•.'.           .            ' ' '   '"-',,'" ,', ."'   '  '■'              ■-rv"!i|:y|
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Daniel Brent, deceased, late consul of the United
Slates at Pans.
A bill for the relief of John A. Smith.
A bill for the relief of Edwin Bartlett, late con-
sul of the United States at Lima, in Peru 
Mr BR1GGS then renewed his motion previous-
ly mentioned.
Mr. J   G. FLOYD objected.
Mr. FILLMORE said, as objections were made,
he would move that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BRIGGS hoped the rules would be suspend-
ed, so that the bill which he had mentioned might
be taken up, as it would not occupy more than
half an hour.
Mr. FILLMORE thought it would require a
good deal of discussion.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia called for the yeas
and nays on the mo'ion to suspend the rules. The
yeas and nays, however, were not ordered; and the
motion to suspend was negatived without a divis-
ion.
THE ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the House resold
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the stall
of the Union, which was carried;  and Mr. UmA
derwood took the chair.                                          \
The Clikk read the bill through, and  then it \
was t^ken up by sections.                                          \
The first item of the first section proposed Jm     *
appropriation " for the pay of the army, §1,477,-
700"
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON was understood to ob-
serve that this item exceeded the item for the like
purpose two years ago by about $300,000; and as
he saw no goed n ason for this increase, he proposed
to reduce it to the <um of $1,172,000—being a re-
duction of $305,700.
Mr. FILLMORE said he believed there had
been no bill for the increase of the army since
1838, when the rank and file of the army was near-
ly doubled; yet the enlistments which had been
progressing had not filled up the ranks ; and this
appropriation was requ red to enable it to be done 
From ihe Paymaster General he had a detailed
statement before him, made wuh reference to the
law on which the appropriations were based ; and
if any gentlemen wished to see it, they had the op-
portunity to exam ne it, for it was too voluminous
to be read to the committee. He had also a sep-
arate estimate from the Adjutant General, setting
forth the amounts that would be required for re-
cruiting, to supply the deficiency created by deaths
and desertions.
But while he was up, he would state one or two
I   general facts.   The aopropnations for the army
I    proper wer<" $6,170,779 , for the Military  Acade-
1    my, $133,641   matting  an  agg eg«te  oí $6,304,-
420.     Tne   amount   of  appropriations   for   the
army    proper   in    1841   was   $6 041,919;   for
the Military Academy,  $131,520 •    making   an
i   aggregate   of   $6,173,439  20.     He    also   gave
tne  "-urns   appropriated   for   the   same   objects
for lS'-O, from wi ch, he sad, it would  be per-
ceived ihat cher¿ was a slight increase in this bi'l
ever the appropiiauons cf the last jear and  the
jear o«foie, wli eh aas occasioned by the recruit-
ings to fill up the a>-my ; but as be had a letter from
¡he Paymaster Genera! that would afford some in-
formition to the committee, he desired that it might
be read by the Clerk
Ti f Clí-rk read the letter accordingly.
Mr. MERIWETHER said he mould be glad to
ask the chairman of ihe Committee ot Ways and
M°ans one question, he wis'.ed to know whether
thee fmates wer-forthe uoods actually enlisted,
anc* tn service; and ¡or those who were to be enlist-
ed th>s year.
Mr. FILLMORE replied that it was for both, of
course.
Mr. MERIWETHER desired the chairman of
the Cemmittee of Ways and Means to *ell him,
how many were to b  enlisted this year.
Mr. FILLMORE said he could not the papers
which he had submitted to the committee showed
the deficiency in the ranks, but he did not recollect
the number.
:      1
