ms
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
He then said, when he was mterrup'ed he was
going on to add that the appropriations annually
made to carry on the Florida war, or the suppres-
sion of Indian hostilities, were a good deal reduced—
something, he was understood to say, like f 250,000
Mr CAVE JOHNSON was understood to say
that the letter read at the Clerk's table, so far from
convincing him that any increase of appropriation
was needed, only made him the more anxious that
it should be diminished. He saw no use of in-
creasing the appropriation three or four hundred
thousand dollars. There were tables in the pos-
session of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means which required to be examined before
the committee could vote understanding upon
this bill He wished to see the precise amount re
ceived by each officer and soldier in service With-
out satisfactory information on this point, he should
insist upon his amendment to reduce the appropria-
tion.
Mr. SMITH said it was obvious the committee
were called on to vote in the daik The honora-
ble chairman of Ways and Means had the docu-
ments which would afford the necessary iig&t to
enable them to vote understanding^. He asked
if the commi'tee could do without n? True, ihe
gentleman said it was open to inspection Yet one
could but look at it, and could not gather its de-
tails, amid the noise prevailing in the ball. When
the committee was engaged in the consideration of
a bill appropriating $11,000,000 to the army, m
contrast with f 7 000,000, which was formerly the
amount, it wa  due to them and the country that
this information should be full, in order lhat they
might act understanding^. He therefore wished
them to pause, and allow the documents to be
printed. He understood that the ranks of the army
were filled out—that there was no further necessity
for the recruiting service. Should we, then, go on,
and continue filling it?
Mr WM O.BUTLER said that 1,400 men were
wanted.
Mr. SMITH remarked that the estimates ex-
ceeded former appropriations, although the Florida
war had terminated. The information desired was
important to the documentary history of the coun
try, and to the future action of Congress Without
submitting a motion, he sugge ted the propriety of
pausing, and laying the bill aside for the present".
Mr MERIWETHER «aid he was disposed to
vote for the amendment of the gentleman, from
Tennessee, [Mr. Cave Johnson,] provided the pay
of th se m service was not wuhheld. The Florida
war induced an increase rf five thousand men, that
had ceased, and with it should cease the large in-
crease of the army
Mr. M sent to the Chair the following amend-
ment.
Provided, That so much of the act of 1833 as increases the
army of the United States shall be, and the same is hereby,
suspended, and no money appropriated m this ac shall be ap
phed to the paymenlof the aimy beyond the r umber theteof
before the passage of that act  Provided, also That alt offi
cersand privates shall receive pay up to the t me of then dis
charge, which shall be thirty days from the passage of this act
Mr FILLMORE asked if the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr Meriwether]  had read the act of
1838?
Mr MERIWETHER said he had.
Mr FILLMORE    Has hie gentleman discrim-
inated between  the portions of the law he  would
repeal and those re «ould not'   The act of 1838
reorganized the army
Mr. MERIWETHER said it reorganized ihe
army by adding a great many useless officers—
men, it was true, who were not waiting orders, but
were under orders, and doing little or nothing at
all.
Mr FILLMORE raised the question whether the
amendment vís in order.
The CH*IR dec ded if was no'
Mr C JOHNSON asked i"ave to withdraw his
amendment, and submit the following m its stead
•—to come m at the 6 h ¡me
"Provided That no part of the appropmtion in this hill
shall be applied to the payment of anv soldier h reaftei to b
enlisted, oi officer hereaftei to be appointed, till the number oí
the army be reduced to 5 000 mer
Mr FILLMORE raised the question whether it
^as in order,
The CHAIR said it was, according to precedents
previously established by the committee.
Mr FILLMORE said there was a specific law
author zing the employment of each officer and sol-
dier ia the army The obi ct of this bill was
merely to carry out existing laws He submitted
that it was not in order to submit an amendment
abolishing the army, to a bill to pay it
The CHAIR stated several precedents accord-
ing to which ihe committep had restrained the ope-
ration of, and even repealed, existing laws The
reduction of the postmaster'^ salary, and that of
clerks and others, m New York, was a case in
pom'
Mr PENDLETON said, as the Chair had de-
cided the amendment in order, he should not ap-
peal, yet he wished, if the army had to be reduced,
it shou'd be dine b> direct means, and not in.<fee
indirect manner proposed to the committee. He
was h'^s°lf disposed to sustain the army as it
was f°i tlie P e ent> a 'hough he did sot intend to
be understood as sa}ing thit a time would not ar-
rive when it might be vtduced
Mr MORGAN said tb.pt he felt bound to ap-
peal from Ihe decision o* the Chair
Mr PROFFIT, and several otheis, said that it
was to^ late
The CHAIR hoped there would be no objection
to eiiiertsinmg tne appeal, but the objections being
persisted in, it was not entertained.
Mr ADAMS called fortae reading of the amend-
ment. Af("r it was read, he said that he entirely
agreed with the gentle-nan fio n Tennessee m the
principle of his amendment. The House had,
much a°amst his wshes, reduced^the appropria-
tions for the navy, and hfhopod they would be
consiott-nt, and reduce tLe a'niy a'so Th  army
of the United States from the 5 ear 1831, had been
grow >i„, growing, growing, until it hal now got lo
be more than donb <■ what it was at that t>me. In
that >ear the Black Hat i war comipeneed, and
that was the first pre exl se zed uoon for tap pur-
pose of increasing the a^my Besides occa-
sional bills f^r the payment of miliiia called
into «•'•vice, be mes numerous bilis author z-
mg ihe Piesideni to emp oy volunteers, for
which ml ons upon mi lions had been ex
pend'd—besices pil the , v e hal, on tre occasion
of  he Black da-vk wac, rased a re°im«nt of
d'aspons B tole ^a Utis we had nota moun'ed
man i the service. Th=n, a few ears afterwa ds
a second rrgimeit of dragoons was- raised, and
everybody k ev 'ha' it rot d nbc as much to
uppo t a regim m of dregoons a a regiment of
nfan'ry, for, besides th„ men, there were the
horses  o pay for. Then r>e thought there had been
an add tunal icgimert of infantrv raised
| As to e giT r , ordrane  corps,, and all the
! pride, porrr, and circu-n t*"-c  <f war, h  bzd been
| la elv lo ¿ir„ o/ertie coo "neots for the purpose
! Ol shof in,? ow th s irons er bad been growing
I till i* c d reached s s ze icjgh to stiiiie tbecoun-
try. Ke nad, nve; of tu s growing evil, pre-
pared a resolution, and nad had it in his drawer
¡or near'y three months without be r>? able, owing
lo the umea°onable ?nd artwary ru es of the
Hcase, to fier it The parport of that resolution
was to instruct toe Committee on Military Affairs
to inquire into the es^ediency of reducing fhe army
nf the Usi ed S ates to the standard of 1821 Now,
if the gert email from Tenne see would permit
him.be /ov d p'oprse j>n amend-neot to his
amen 1st  t,co mure tae irr y, >ns *ad of *o 5,006
men, o tLe standard of 1821. For that he was
prej-d'ed to vo e, unles. some sufficient reason
could be g v r> hi.Ti to he con'rary As the Flon-
ca \var «vas not ended, it was utter y unnecessary
to 'aseso 1 irBe a military e&lab .snment as at
pre °     eyi ' d
Mr CaYH JOF-P- SON asscn ed to me modifi
cat on o  ti'  cu    <n r> from Ma saehnsetts
Mr W&l O EU1LFR observed tliHt the ef-
fect of ti e a^en^tTLn  ouid be thi« ¡ne soldiers
aie enlisted for five years, and, by waiting till their
enl straent expires, the men would be disbanded
and the officers left in «-erviee.
Mr WARD said that if t was the pleasure of ¡he
House, or of the Congress of the United States,
J that ¡he arm/ should be reduced, he could not pre-
vent it, but the proposition should never receive
his vote. He would submit to gentlemen who were
desirous of reducing the army, whether it was
practicable to effect their object in the manner pro-
posed The honorable gentleman who had made this
motion was per ectly well acquainted with the
laws by which the army was established, and knew
that some act must be passed to provide for the
manner of the reduction. Who was authorized by
this amendment to make the redaction? Was it to
be done by the President of the United States, or
the Secretary of War? and who was to be thrown
out? If the army was to be reduced, some law
should be passed, directing the manner of the re-
duction, as was the case when the old army was
reduced If it were the pleasure of the House to
make the reduction proposed, by the means of this
bul, let a clause be incorporated in it, directing
how the reduction should be made He was, how-
ever, opposed to it in any forra, for he thought the
times highly inauspicious for such a movement.
We were by no means certain that our negotiations
with Great Britain would terminate favorably, not-
withstanding such confident predictions had been
made that they would And further, in reply to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, he would observe,
tha' after the first reduction of the army into a peace
establishment, when thousands of discontented In-
dians had beencongregated on the frontiersof Arkan-
sas and Missouri, repeated applications were made
from the West for its increase Then it was that
the people of the West considered themselves in
danger from these Indians congregated on their
borders, and cherishing the most deadly hostility to
the white race, and it was in consequence of their
applications tba' the army was increased. He rec-
ollec'ed well the eloquent speech of a gentleman
now no more, [General Ashley,] on whose recom-
mendation the first regiment of dragoons was raised.
He showed the importance of this regiment for the
defence of ihe Western frontiers and the economy
that would be consulted by it, as a means of pre-
venting Indian disturbances.
In relation to the reorganization of the army, no
increase had taken place, with the exception of tha
two regiments of dragoons, but what was necessary
to render it more pertect and efficient. There was
a reorgan zation of the engineer corps, the topo-
graohical engineers, and the ordnance corps, but it
only went so far as to render these corps more per-
f ct INow, sjnpose tois reduction were made, in
what condition would we be left? You will leave
your Western inhabitants without protection, or
yon must take the whole of your 6,000 men for
their protection, and leave your seaboard exposed.
Was there any exiting nccess ty for making such
a reduction at thepresent time' There surely was
not. The time might come when c rcutastances
would justify the measure, but, in lb.  present as
pect of our foreign afiairs, and looking at the situa-
tion of tne Indians on our Western borders, he was
utterly opposed lo it He would again ask gentle-
men to look at the effects of the proposition. Who
was to make the p-dnction* Was the President of
the United Sta'as to do u? Was be to strike off the
head of the major general? Was he to cut down
the engineers, the topograph cal and the ordnance
corps? The ordnance corps was a highly useful
and meritorious one To them we owed many valu-
aole improvements m military engines, and they
had the care of the ordnarce and stores Would
gentlemen, by cutting off this corps, leave all the
ordnance that we had been collecting for years, at
a great expense, wiihout any protection? As far
as his observation and information extended, the
country never was better prepared for war than at
present Our ^aboard was well fortified, and we
had ordnance and ordnance stores under the direc-
t on of trus corps in abundance Mr. W con-
cluded by saying that the amendment seemed to
him to be of that crude inconsistent character which
he could not expect to fiud favor in that House,
and he was confident that there was good sense
enough in it to vote it down
Mr FILLMORE thought that a proposition of
this kind should come from some committee of the
House, but, so far from that being the case, the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
was not even in his seat.   Were gentlemen pre-
