CONGRESSIONAL O&OBE.
each other, between the camps, those murders were
committed, and not in the camp.
Another case which he should have shown was
that of a man whose father possessed large herds
of stock and cattle, some of whieh he had been
mi'sing almost datly, and the whole country point-
ed to these men. This man simply presented
himself near to or at the camp, to ask for informa-
tion respecting the missing stock, or to soldiers near
the camp; and the result of the inquiry was, that
death was inflicted by one of the soldiers of the
United States army. Of this the Governor of
Georgia was> informed, and he commenced a cor-
respondence with the Secretary of War, at the seat
of the General Government, and he requested that
functionary to withdraw those troops. He stated
the grounds on which he made that request; and
he iormshed full documentary testimony thereof to
the Hon. J. C. Spencer, then and now Secretary of
War. Sume questioning ensued between the head
of the War Department and the Executive of
Georgia; and the Secretary came to the conclusion
thit the fconor of the army had been somewhat
touched by this evidence which had been submit-
ted to the department. He grew cautiou  on the
subject, and ultimately would hold no further com-
muDicatioi with the Executive of Georgia, and
when the delegation from Georgia called on the
Secretary of War, they did it because he had put
an end to all communication with their Governor.
And what, then, was his answer 1 "You have
not submitted to me sufficient evidence of injury
to warrant my withdrawal of the troops " They
then restated the case, and, besides, they told him
that the army never went withm 150 yards of the
swamp in which the Indians sought refuge; and
whea the soldiers took the hills, the Indians
emerged, and committed their depredations under
the very nosí of the army. They (old the Secretary
that an old woman had been murdered. "Ah I"
said the Secretary, "is that all? It is a «¡mall
matter to make such a fuss about," One of his
(Mr Buck' ) colleagues replied, that if the Secre-
tary should prick his finger, it would be but a small
toalter, but very inconvenient. Nothing, how-
ever, was done.
Of what use, then, he asked, was that poriion of
the army to the people of Georgia? He (Mr
Black) had carled upon the Secreiary to take them
away, and he had refused to do ¡t, and he would
have called on this House wuh the same object,
and as igned his reason  for his request, but he was
refused a hearing. If, then, the imlina of Georgia
were n;t to be paid to do that duty, they would
protect themselves without such soldiers as the
united S'ates Government sent to them In the
Florida war, millions and millions ef dolíais had
been expended, while all the Indian warriors had
not exceeded 5,000. And how many battles had
they won? He did not know that they could point
to a single military transaction which they could
grace with the name of a victory, They must
remember, too, that the Indians-had no newspapers
as a source of eommuaication with the public, or,
if they had the means, they might possibly dignify
some of their little brushes as great victories also.
He believed the Gorernmem had erred m rela-
tion to that wai , he believed it would have been
better if it ha 1 "been conducted apait from that fa-
naticism which infused itself into many things m
this country with which it ought to have nothing to
do. The only way to terminate that war was, that,
whenever th°y caught a warrior, they should hang
htm on a tree or cutoff his head. But this had
not been permitted to be done. He would venture
tJoaj lhat, if Andrew Jackson had been at the
head ol five hundred men in Florida, that war
wou'd not have lasted 15 months, nor even 12
niortha the moment he had laid his hand on one
of ihrse warrior-*, his head would have bean gone,
and the people of the country would have support-
ed bun It was a fata! mistake into which they
had fallen , and hence there were fresh murders m
the Territory of Florida. The war closed ' Why,
it never would be closed so long as the Seminole
warriors vere there.
If the militia of the State of Georgia had been
-famed loose on Florida, under the command of
•pruBet men, that war would have been ended, in-
stead of having still their drums beating, and their
flags flymg—their morning and evening gun*-—the r
reveille at early dawn, and tattoo at night. Gentle-
men might be astonished at the course he would
pursue; but if their wives and children, or if but
one member of their families, had been subjected
to the Indian scalping-knife, they themselves would
be the first to turn loose the dogs of war on that
race of men. He went for the Florida blood-
hounds, and he would do so again; and the only
thing he regretted was, that ttsey were so badly
managed. He would fight a man m any way to
protect his wife and children; and he who would
not do it, he (Mr Black) would not reckon as a
man. But this course of proceeding was one into
which he should be driven by necessity: it was not
one he should choc e as a pastime to delight in.
But if the Executive of this country should
doubt where to begin his reduction of the army,
and should appeal to h m on the subject, he (Mr.
Black) would point him to three companies m
Georgia, adjacent *o the Flonda line, and if the
President should remove them, he (Mr. Elack)
would vote to sustain the removal If, however,
this amendment should be carried, he hoped those
companies weuld be ihe first to be reduced.
They were told that the army of the United
States was their means of defence, and that they
had now but very few. But he deemed 3,000 men
sufficient as a nucleus around which, in time of
war, an army of the bone and smew of this country
could be rallied At present, they had nobody but
the Indians to fight. He hoped they -should never
get into a civil war; and if they «lid, they would
have no use for an army then. He should regret
to see anything like a standing army, if sov-
ereign and independent States should disagree in
their policy and come into collision. They would
have no use then, but for th« militia; and as they
had no other, what foe had they but the Indians?
and if they had no foe, they wanted no army, the
present army being wholly inrffieient with the In-
dians. The only enemy they could have was Great
Britain, and that would be a war on her own ele-
ment, the high seas- that was the place where she
should be first encountered; and he told the com-
mittee, as he should tell his constituents when he
returned home, lhat the only excuse he shonld
have to give his constituents for voting for a reduc-
tion of the naval establishment was a sad uncon-
querable necessity He was obliged to do it. Tf e
Government was bankrupt; and he was desirous
to do noihing to give the tariff party an excuse for
an increased tariff. With these remarks he would
close, merely adding that all he had said in relation
to the army of the United States stationed on the
Florida Ime, came from information conveyed in
sworn testimony, wh,ch he had in his possession
he disclaimed all personal knowledge of it, and he
made no statement on his own responsibility. He
did it in his representative capac ty, and he had
referred to it because he had net been permitted to
do so when he produced the testimony to which he
had alluded, and he had done it with a painful
sense of duty to the constituency which he rep-
resented.
and the House engaged only in weaving laurels to
adorn ihe brow of the gentleman from Georgia.
He (Mr G ) had been in that hall under other
Administrations than the present. He was here,
under Jackson, when the Florida war commenced.
Gentlemen then warned the friends of the Admin-
istration of the danger that would come oat of the
war. But Andrew Jackson said there were not three
hundred Indian warnois in the Territory; and when
the Government was thus warned—this Indian-kill-
er bemg at its head—gentlemen were told that the
danger they spoke of was imaginary. The esti-
mate then submitted called for an appropriation of
$ 150,000 to suppress Indian hostilities. Any man
who dared to resist Andrew Jaekson was silenced
as a disturber, and as no patriot Now, if the rec-
ords were examined, it \vould be found that, though
this s.m?li sum was called for and appropriated at
the beginning of the session, millions were expend-
ed before its close; yet ihe gentleman talked of a
Whig Adm niotration, and lib mab'lity to defend
the country. The journals, of the House, and the
speeches of the day, would tell at whose door the
char¿« lay.
Mr. BLACK wqu-red what charge he had
made?
Mr. GRAN GER was understood to say, in re-
ply, that the gentleman fro-n Georgia had charged
the Government with neglect, because it did
not employ the militia of Georgia in the Florida
war.
Mr. BLACK said the gentleman was mis'aken.
He made no such charge. He stood here upon the
ground taken by his constituent, and with them in
his favor, he did not care if the whole world were
against him He had not complained of the Ad-
ministration, because the people of Georgia were
not employed in the Florida war. His objection
was, that they had not been permitted to defend
thereselves, their wives, and their children, from
th  attacks of the InJi?ns Besides, there was
some difference between the dominant party m the
House and the Administration
Mr. GRANGER said, if so, he was willing to let
his vote determine how far he was guilty of differ-
lBg wuh the Admimsiration on this subject. The
gentleman, however, had said that Georgia militia
were not permitted to protect the people of
Georgia.
Mr. BLACK explained The portion of Geor-
gia in which he resided was adjacent to the Okefe-
noke swamp, m Florida, which was much fre-
quented by the Indians It was against the en-
croachments of these that the people of his section
wished to be protee'ed, and defended.
Mr. GRANGER said he shculd not farther al-
lude to this part of the subject, fcr fear of being
swamped in tbe Okefenoke himself, [laughter.]
He would, however, say a few words about the
malefactors of the army, as they had been called.
What was it that had been charged upon the gallant
army of the United States?
Mr. BLACK said he did not make any charge
against the national army. What he said could
omy be applied to the three companies in Florrda.
He would not be misrepresented on that floor.
Mr GRA.NGER said he would state the argu-
ment of tae gentleman One soldier belonging to
the United States army had misbehaved and done
wrong in Georgia, ergo ¡be national army ought to be
cut dov n. What was the fact? He would refer to
the pretext for making these unjust and illiberal in-
sinuations asrainst the army.
Mr BLACK repeated what he said to the House
when addressirg it. A citizen went to the camp,
and made some inquines about his property, and
the result was his death.
Mr GRANGER said he would show the House
upon whit frivolous grounds the army had been
aspersed
Mr. BLACK    I did not asperse the army.
Mr. GRANGER said he would leave it to the
House to «ay whether his conduct was that of a
gentleman He was willing to lake their under-
s anding of the gentleman's remarks. The difficulty
complamed of grew out of a quarrel in relation to
some cattle in Georgia A soldier shot a crtiáen m
consequence. He was arrested, tried, andcawvfet-
ed, and was now under sentence „He no dsUbtaÓ it
Mr GRANGER said he had little to say,
and, but for the remarks of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Black,] he should not have risen
at all. That gentleman, not content with introducing
into debate the subject of the Florida war, had based
his argument in favor of a decrease of the army
upon the malconduct of certain Un-ted Siates
troops in Georgia The argument advanced by
the gentleman had convinced him of one thing—
that the General Government had entirely mis-
conceived its duty in relation to carrying on the
war against the Indians m Florida. It was
evident, from the remarks of the gentleman that
the General Government had failed to do its duty
the army had tried and failed; and the bloodhounds
had failed to discharge their duty; for the Ind ans
still hung on. But one expedient seemed to be
left—and that, the Government had neglected to
adopt. It was to rais.e a corps of Georgia miliaa
and place the gen"eman himself at their head'
Had he been commander, the Indians, before now'
would have all been hung, the war entirely ended;
