CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            53S
Georgia should be the principle of the Constitu-
tion?
The convention had, at first, the intention of fix-
ing the ratio at 40,000, and the bill of 1792 was
draughted with that ratio It was not until an ad
vanced period of us consideration that the ratio
was reduced to 30 000 It was upon a motion to
reconsider that it was substituted. He quoted the
debate to show this; and read an extract from the
President's remarks on the subject
It was to benefit tae smaller States the change
■was made. New Hampshne, for instance, would
have had two Representatives, v.ilh a fraction of
22,000, had the ratio of 40,000 been adopted, but
at the ratio of 30,000, she was to have three Rep-
resentatives. In like manner he pointed out the
effects of the change on several other small States
He used this argument to show that the ftamers of
the Constitution intended to carry out the principle
of representing fractions, as far as practicable.
The document he had referred to brought to his
view an analogous case which had arisen in the
State of New Y<rk. The Legislature of that
State, in 1791, under a constitution similar to the
Federal Constitution m that respect, adopted a
rule carrying out this principle: how long the Le-
gislature acted upon it, he did not know He read
the clausebin the constitution of New York bear-
ing on this point It was in principle the same as
the principle in the Federal Constuution—that di-
rect taxation and representation sh mid be aceoid-
mg to numbers In 1791, tbe Ser-sue of Ne i
York decided that a fraction in any of the coun-
ties exceeding half the ratio should be entitled to
an additional Representative, and that rule became
the law, and was acted upon by the General As-
sembly. This precedent he considered ent tied to
more weigat than ihe objections quoted from Gen
Washington's veto message, which objections
however applicable to the bill of 1792, weie whol-
ly inapplicable to the bill now under considera-
tion.
He asked, what did the Constitution m^an by
the expression that "direct taxes and representa-
tives shall be apportioned to the States in propoi-
tion to their respective numbers'*" The meaning
of this was, that any one State (for ¡"stanc, New
Hampshire) should be entitled to a number of
Representatives, in tbe same prop rtion 'o the whole
number of Federal Representatives whicn its pop-
ulation bore to the Federal populate n of the Union.
This he illustrated by arithmetical rules of propor-
tion
There could be no doubt, then, that if the uni-
formity of taxation and representation cannot be
Mathematically carried out, it must be done arith-
metically, as nearly as prac'icable
He contended that every apportionment bill hith-
erto passed had carried out this principle in some
way or other, though not exactly as the amendment
now under consideration provides. This he illus-
trated by taking the bill signed by General Wash-
ington in 1792, after that which he had vetoed.
He argued, that if the whole population of the
Union, at that time, was taken as one term of the
proportion, and the whole number of Representa
Uves as another, then the population of New Hamp-
shire, in proportion to the Federal popula ion, would
have been entitled to one Representative less than
that bill allotted to her. The w?y in which it was
contrived to give New Harapshue this additional
Representative wa«, by adopting a íatio for íepre-
sentation which produced a result more favorable
to her, aud to other small States with large frac-
tions, than the proportion of resp ctive numbers m
population, compared with the aggregate population
of the whole Union.
This, he con'ended, was a direct carrying out of
the principle of representing fractions hot con-
tended for. It was on the same principle that
every succeeding apportionment bill h?d been
framed and acted upon. In tas only two case3
during this Government, in which resort had been
had Jto direct taxation, a construction had been
given to the Constitution, that Fedeisl numbers
should be the criterion; which justified the assump-
tion that the precedent was established of basing
representation upon Federal population.
He would vote for the amendment, because he
conceived it was a principle consonant with the
intention of the Constitution, and best calculated to
do justice to the small States
Mr. WOOQBURY observed tha* it hs*3 been
supposed there «as some inconsistency in the re
marks of Judge Marshall which he quoted yester-
day, but, in strictness, there was no inconsistency
whatever, as the passages referred to were perfec'-
ly recose lable This he showed by reading the
extraes and specifying their application. He also
qusted Mr Madison's comments. Mr. Madison
was a leader in the debate; and he was also con-
sulted by General Washington in his consideration
of the veto. He says, Gen. Washington thought
the bill might be brought within the language of the
Constitution ; but it is far from appearing that he
thought it could be made constitutional in principie.
At Gen. Washington's ieque«t, Mr Jefferson, Mr.
Madison, and Mr. Randolph consulted; and, hav-
ing agreed on the veto, they drew it up ; and, up-
on Mr. Jefferson's pledge of honor that it was in
conformity with his opinion, Gen. Washington
signed it.
Mr. W. entered into many details to show the
difficulties which existed at the time in reference to
the fractions, occasionally quoting extracts in sup1
port of his argument. It was to set the matter right
with regard to these inference":, that he had risen.
Mr. WALKER refeired to one of the objections
in General Washington's time—that a scramble
would be created for  the fractions, but no such
thing could occur in reference to this bi'l.   He had
discovered that the way in which  the Congress of
1792 ascertained that  ihere should be 120 Repre-
sentatives, was, by dividing the whole number of
the Federal population by 30 000     Of this he had
cotemporaneous evidence    He quoted the grounds
of objection stated in G°n ra' Washington'-; veto.
He was glad the Senator from New Hampshire
had shown that this veto was diawn  up by Jeffer-
soi, a'ded by Madison and Randolph.  It was now
clear that they and General Washington had con
Mderable doubts of the propriety of the veto.    He
next referred to the arguments of tbe Senator from
Delaware, [Mr Bayard,] and he asked him what
ratio could be adopted which would give ihe same
number of Representatives that the House now
has—242    There was a vast variety of numbers
which, as applied to 26 States, would not work out
the result sought for. He denied ihat it was possible
to begin by fixing an arbitrary number.
Mr BAYARD replied that he could show, from
the table furnished with the bill, that 62 279 would
give 242 members.
Mr. WALKER was not aware that was m the
table. But he asked the Senator, could he point out
a ratio that wou'd give 241 members.
Mr. BAYARD answered that he could—the
ratio of 62,351 would give it.
Mr. WALKER said, before he had done, he
would point out many numbers that no ratio could
be provided for.
Mr. BAYARD interposed, to say that the first
consideration should be the number of Representa-
tives most desirable for the Federal body of Rep-
resentatives. That being fixed, the apportionment
of theai among the States must be according to
then respective numbers, in proportion to the Fed-
eral population. This being plain, the inquiry
came as to the relation between the Representa-
tives individually, and th°ir respective constituent
bodies If the common ratio is fixed by law, It
stands m place of the constitutional ra'io If the
fixed ratio is 50,000, and one State has only one
amount of this ratio, leaving a fraction of 30,000
unrepresented, these 30,000 had no right to com
plain; for Ihe Constitution says they shall not have
a Representative until they come up to a full ratio
If one Stale happened to be left with a 'arge frac-
tion by this bill, it would have Us chance of being
left with a very small fraction by the next appor-
tionment bill S-ich would probably be the case
with regard to Mississippi.
Mr WALKER continued bis remarks- he con-
tended that the rule of the Constitution was not
violated so long as no one State was assigned more
Representatives than one to every 30,000.
Mr. BAYARD observed that he said the ratio
of 30,000 in the Constitution was a minimum, but
i
when a higher ratio was adopted by law, it was a
substitute foi the ratio in the Constitution. He
ask«d if the Senator maintained that, if the ratio was
50,000 by law, and a Slate had a fraction of 25,000
over that ratio, it was constitutional to give it a Rep-
resentative for that fraction?
Mr. WALKER replied: the whole number of
the State being greater than two ratios of 30,000,
it was constitutional to give it two members If he
was violating any constitutional principle with re-
gard to the other House, he ought to feel alarmed;
but he was doing no such thing; he was pursuing
quite an.opposite course: he was endeavoring to
come the nearest to the great republican principle
of the Constitution, that every human being should,
if possible, be represented.
Mr. ALLEN observed, that if any ratio could
be devised between 50,000 and 60,000, that would
do equal justice to all parts of the Union, he would
be in favor of it.    He would say, however, that,
as Congress had to act upon this mauer, and as it
was impossible to do equal justice to all parts of
the Union, the Senate should not bs deterred from
action because some injustice must be done.   The
inequality was augmented by  the progression of
population.   He would instance Ohio, m which the
increase of population was so progressive, that du-
ring the last part of the ten years just expired there
were 300,000  inhabitants ot that S'at  not repre-
sented.    If they bad been represented, Ohio would
have had six members more than she had     Such
would be the case with regard to the next ten years.
He believed the increase m the population of Ohio,
from the taking of the census ¡ill the time this ap-
portionment is to go into operation, will be at
least 150,000,   portion of the population which
will not be represented for the ensuing te" years-
He mentioned these thirgs to show tha' inequali-
ties cannot be helped.   He did not blame the Con-
stitution nor Congress.   He would vote against the
amendment, not because he belonged  to a large
State, or had no sympathy for a small State. Such
was not his feeling: he deeply regretted that the
State of Mississippi shou'd be left with so large a
fraction      He  would gladly  see such a ratio
adopted as would change that result, and avoid
such an inequality with regard to any State, but he
advanced many reasons why he could not vote for
the amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN observed 'hat it was im-
possible to make any speculations on the annua!
increase of population in any State or States. The
Constitution inhibits Congress from entering into
speculations of that nature, therefore, it was impos-
sible to pay any regard to the considerations upon
which the Senator from Ohio based his arguments
as to the injustice done to his State, by leaving
150,000 of its inhabitants without any representa-
tion, when this bill shall go into operation m 1843.
Mi ALLEN interposed, and explained that he
had made no complaints of injustice to his S a e
by this bill, nor had he made use of ai>y arguments
against the b 11 itself. He had merely endeavored
to show that it was impossible to avoii inequalities
by any ratio which might be adopted
Mr. CRITTENDEN resumed his remarks, and
endeavored to reduce the discussion to the real
question at issue He recapitulated the crcum-
staaces under which General Wasbmg'on vetoed
the bill of 1792. General Washington did not say
that there should be a common divisor. Hit, ob-
jection was, that no common divisor could produce
the results of the proposed bill; it was neither neces-
sary nor proper to give his words a meaning which
they did not obviously bear.
It seemed to htm that nothing but sophistry could
' bring gentlemen to a conclusion that it was more
consonant to the Constitution to leave a large un-
represented fraction than a small one. He review-
ed the assumption made by the Senator from Dela-
ware, as to his preliminary or initiatory ratio, and
con'ended that his assumption was without founda-
It'made no odds at which end Congress began.
It was just as easy to agree upon a common meas-
ure to ascertain how many members .here should
be as to begin with a given number of Represent-
atives, and from it ascertain the ratio. AH he
Constitution wants is a common rule, •which shall
