CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
5pm
Mr, BARNARD said be hoped the time of the
House would not be taken up with a debate.
Mr. COWEN was unders ood to say that the
committee had assigned their reasons m their re
port; a#d all he now desired was, that the report
should be printed for the perusal of members
The report was accordingly laid on the mbls,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COWEN, from the Committee of Claim ,
moved that permission be given to Dr James H.
Andrews, on whose petition the committee had re-
ported adversely, to withdraw his petition and pa-
pers, which wat> agreed to
Mr. COWEN, from the same committee, made
adverse reports on the petitions of Augustu  Steele,
of Florida, George W Walton, Mary Weedman,
William Cooley, Morgan Simpson, Victor L Gor-
don, Robert WoodTorth, M. Cunnmsham, J and
N. Hambhn, William Rica, Parthema Beard, as-
signee of David Beard, Daniel Spencer, and M 1
ler Hallowes.
Mr COWEN, from the same committee,
moved that the committee be discharged from the
farther consideration of the petition of William
Poller , and also of Orlando Saltmar-sh and Wil
liam Overton, and that they be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads , which
motion was agreed to
Mr COWEN made an adverse report upon the
petition of Luther Halsey, which was made the or-
der of the day for Monday next , and a like report
on the petition of J. T. D. Lamer, petition agent,
of Illinois
Mr. COWEN reported a joint resoltu on from
the Senate, whose object was to prevent the recep-
tion of a petition for a claim whicn had once been
,acted upon and rejected, un ecs it came supported
by new testimonv. ¡t was proposed to add this to
the rules of the  v o Hous.es
Sf. ADAMS doab ed th  propriety, if not the
constitutional! y, of this resolution He objected
to it, because n would have the effect of restieimg
the right of petition.
Mr. COWEN begged to inform the g-nlleman
from ¡Masiachusetu that ihe resolution did not pre-
vent the petition being p esen ed, if any member of
Congress would certify that, .n his opinion, the de-
cision which had been made upon it was erroneous
Mr. ADAMS remarked that he would not ag-ee
to it with feuch a restriction The right of petmon
was a sacred right to th- people of this Union, and
more especially on the subject of claims
Mr. BARNARD inquired if this debate was in
order.
Mr. TILLINGHAST observed that the reso'u-
tion was extensive in its operation, and required
mature consideration.
Mr. ADAMS inquired whether it did not go
over, as it gave rise to debate
The SPEAKER said it must, if it was objected
to.
Mr ADAMS said that be objected
Mr CAVE JOHNSON moved that it be made
the special order t f the day for Friday week
Mr BARNARD asked whether that motion
was in order, and whether, as the resolution gave
rise to debate, it should not he over. He objected
to it.
Mr. ARNOLD asked if the gentleman had tne
right to object, when it was the report of the com-
mittee.
The question was then taken on the motion to
make the resolution the specitl order for Friday
week, which was not earned—two-thirds not voting
in the affirmative Tne resolution was then passed
over
Mr ARNOLD, from the Committee of Claims,
reported the following bill, which wjs lead twice,
and committed to the Committee of the Whole
A bill for th  lelief of John R Delany.
Mr. T W WILLIAMS, from the Committee
on Commerce, leponed «. oill to establish a port of
entry at Havre-de Grace, m Mainland, which was
read twice, and committed to the Co.smittee of the
Whole on the state of the Union
Mr. J. C. CLARK, from the Committee on
Commerce, moved that that committee be dis
{¡barged from the consideration of the petition of
Adam McCulloch; and that it be referred to the
Committee of Claims, which was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEN moved that the Committee of the
Whole House be discharged from the bill to extend
the collection district of Wiscasset.
Mr CAVE JOHNSON inquired its effect.
Mr. ALLEN explained.
The Committee of the Whole was then dischar-
ged, and the bill was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. TOLAND, from the  Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill making appropriations  for
the erection of custom houses and public store-
houses; which was read twice, and committed to
the Committee of the Whole
Mr. CASEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred a bill from the Sen-
ate, entitled "An act authorizing the relinquish-
ment of the 16th sections granted for the use of
schools, and the entry of other lands in lieu there
of," reported the same with an amendment, and it
was committed to the Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, reported a bill to be enti-
tled ' An act to amend an act to carry into effect,
m the States of Alabama and Mississippi, the ex-
isting compacts with those States in regard to the
five per cent fund and school reservations "
The bill was read the first and second times
Mr. T. moved that the bill be read a third time,
and put upon us ¡passage And the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr CARUTHERS inquired waat were the full
and entire provisions of the bill1
Mr, THOMPSON repl'ed that, m the year 1834,
the United States entered imo a treaty with the
Chickasaw Indians for the cession of their lands
lying .n the State of M ssissippi, and a small por-
tion of their lands lying m Alabasna This treaty
differed m its provi ions from any other ever en-
tered into by this Government With any other tribe
of Indians. In the first place, each Chickasaw
was entitled to certain reservations of land, and,
in the second place, the residue of Ihe lands shall
be sold by the United States, for the use and on
the behalt of the Chickasaw Ind'ans, and that the
moneys arising from such sales, after defraying
the necessary expenses of sale, shall be kept by
this Government as a trustee for tne Indians In
this, arrangement, Mis i sippi was deprived of her
acknowledged rights—her 16th section?, secured to
her by the solemn compacts of this Government
for the u=p of schools in 1836 Congress felt ihe
injustice done the Stale of Mississippi, and passed
tne law to which this bill is an amendment. Tnst
law provides that lands equal in quantity to those
of which ihe State of Mississippi had been de-
prived by the Chickasaw treaty, should be selected,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry, from any pub'ic lands contiguous to the Chick-
asaw cession, remaining unsold, which had been
offered at public sale.
The Lp* slature, in their memorial, which has
been referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
set forth that there are no Ian Is in that State re-
maining unsold, which have been offered at public
sale, which are equal ía value to the hnds of
which the S'ate has been deprived. This state-
ment ^e (Mr T ) was prepared, from personal
knowledge, to endorse The changes made by this
bill were to give the selection of these lands to the
Governo of the State, instead of th- Secretary of
the Treasury, because he will take a deeper inter-
est in the matter, aud the people will feel a stronger
d ^position to acquiesce in his selections. It also
gives the Governo the power to select their lands
cut of any public lands remaining unsold in the
land districts contiguous to 'he Chickasaw cession,
which was but just and fair, and yet h  doubted if
lands could bo selected fully equivalent in value
to the lands of which the State bad been deprived
But yet it was. all Congress could, with propr e-
ty, be called «pon to do it
After a few words from Messrs PAYNE, FILL-
MORE, HALL, BARNARD, CROSS, and EVER-
ETT, the bill was made the order of the day for
Wednesday next
Mr BREWSTER, from the Committee on Pub
he Lands, to which had been referred the bill
from the Senate entitled "An act declaring the as-
sent of Congress to the State of Illinois to impose
a tax upon all lands hereafter sold by the United
States in that State, from and after the time of such
sale," reported that, in the opinion of the commit-
tee, the bill ought not to be passed into a law It
was committed to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union
Mr BREWSTER, from the same committee,
made an adverse report upon the petition of Benja-
min Elliot, which was ordered to he on the table
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to which had been re-
ferred a bill from the Senate, entifed " An act for
the relief of Hezekiah Cunningham," reported the
same without amendment, and it was committed
to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr BARNARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred, on the 221 of
April last, the bill for the relief of the heirs of
Richard Shubnck, with instructions to report
whether widows and orphans of officers who died
before the passage of the resolution of the 15th.
May, 1778, are entitled to seven years' half-pay,
under the resolution of the 24th Augjst, 1780,
reported that they are not entitled. The report was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. PKARCE, from the Judiciary Committee,
moved that the report made in the case oí Alex-
ander McComb be recommitted to that committee;
which was agreed to.
Mr MAXWELL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, made sn adverse repoit on the petition
of the administrators of Benjamin Frj, which was
ordered to he on the table.
Mr SAUNDERS, fiom the same committee,
reported, without amendment, the Sena'e bill for
the relief of Thomas Haskins and Ralois Haskms;
and it was committed to the Committee of the
Whole House
Mr. PARMENTER, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, made an adverse report on.
the petition of Philip R. Rice. He also reported a
bill for the relief of Joseph W. Newcomb, which
was read twice, and committed to the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. HALL, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, made adverse rpports on the peti-
tions of the heirs of James Broaders, of Lucy
Marks, widow of John Marks, of the heirs of
Lieut William Lewis, and of the heirs of Dr.
William Rickman.
Mr. PARMENTER, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of Darnel
Starr.
Mr MOORE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claim*, reported Senate bill for the relief of
Valerian Allain, without amendment, and it was
committed to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. He also reported a bill for
the relief of William Walker, which was r<>ad twice,
and committed to the Committee of ihe Whole on
the state ot the Union He m^de an adverse re-
pon in the case of Samuel Gladney, and, on his
motion, it was ordered that Gecrge A Wagsaman,
R Toledarr, Fergus Gardner, Thomas B Lee, L.
Eymi, and Patrick Foley, have leave to wi hdraw
their petition?
Mr. MERIWETHER, from the Committee on
Public Expenditures, made an additional report, in
relation to the expenditures for the improvement
of the navigation at the mouth of the river Mis-
s ssippi, particularly m relation to the conduct and
accounts of Captain Talcott, superintendent of that
wrrk
Mr. M , from the same committee, to which was
referred a memorial from citizens of the State of
Ohio, praying a reduction of the salaries or com-
pensation ot all officers of the Government, made
a detailed report m relation to the expenditures of
the Government, civil, militaiy, and naval, and
recommending retrenchment and re<brm in various
branches and bureaus of the public seivire
He also reported the following bil s.
A bill to reduce the pay of the officers of the
Federal Government.
A bill fot the better regulation of the navy, to
repeal the act of March 3d, 1837, providing for the
