336
saore equal distribution of the navy pens on fund;
and to reduce the navy to a peace establishment.
A bill to reduce the military establishment of
the United Scales, and for other purposes.
A bill regulating the payment of expenses ac-
cruing in trie eollection of duties on imports.
These bills were respectively read twice, and
were committed to the Committee of the Waole
Mr. HUDSON, from ihe Committee on Pub'ic
Expenditures, offered the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be required
to investigate the frauds alleged to have been committed in Ar-
icar 3as, or elgewheretupon the Cherokee, Chickasaw, or other
Indians, and report the result of their investigation to the
House of Representatives, by bill or otherwise
The resoluuon was agreed to.                        
Mr. DEBERRY, from the Committee on Agri-
culture, to which was referred (he memorial ot the
Legislative Council of the Terntory of Iowa, pray-
ing an appropriation for the encouragement of ag-
riculture and household manufactures within that
Territory, made an adverse report there< n.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, made an adverse report on the claim of
Lewis Evans
Mr. CARUTHERS, from the same committee,
reported, without amendment, the Senate bill for
the relief of Jobal B Hancock; and it was com-
muted to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. W. BUTLER, from the same committee,
reported, without amendment, the Senats bill for
the relief of John C. Reynolds, late disbursing
agent of the Indian Department; and it was com-
mitted t) the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr CALHOUN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported the fol'owmg bills:
A bill for the relief of Silvia Underwood, mother
of Lieutenant Underwood, deceased.
A bill for the relief of James Mount.
A bill for the relief of Susan Brum.
These bills were respectively read twice, and
commuted to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr 0OGK3IN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, moved that that committee be discharged
from the case of John Otis, and that it lie on the
table; which was agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on Foreign
Affair , moved that the bill in relation to satisfac-
tion ot the claimb for French spoliations be taken
up on ihe3lstof May, and that that day be set
apirt for its consideration
Mr CAVE JOHNSON was understood to ob-
ject, on the ground t^at, as soon as this bill was
<h*po*ed of, r would be desirable to take up the
tanff bill.
Mr. CUSHINGr called for the aye- and noes on
ihe motion, wh ch were ordered, and resulted as
follows: ayes 83, noes 86.
YEAb—Messrs Adams, Allan, Landaff W Andrews, Ar
i. nold, Aycrigg, Baker, Barnard, Bidlack, Birdseye Blan,
Boardman, Bowne, Bnggs, Brockway, Jeremiah Brown,
Patrick C Caldwell, Calhoun, Childs, Chittenden tohn C
< lark, Clifford, Cranston, Cro=s, Cusirme, Dawson Dots, John
Edwards, John C Edwards, Everett, Ferns, Fessenden, Fill
more, l>ornance,T T Fo3ter,Gerrv,Giddings,|PatnckG Goode,
«ranger, Gustme, Habersham, Halsted, Holmes, J R In^ev
soil, James Irvin, Wm W Irwin, Jack, James, King, Lit
tlefield, Lowell, Alfred Marshall, Mathiot, Morgan, Morrow,
Nowhard, Olivei, Farmenter, Patricge, Pendleton, Plumer
Jtamsay 13 Randall, Reed, Kidgway, Roosevelt, J M Ruisell
fcaltonstall, Sanfoid Tiumin Smith, Snydei, Stokely, J T
Stuart Taliafeno, Tillinghast, loland, 1 nplett, Underwood,
Van Buren, Van Rensielaei E D White Thos W Wil
iiams, Wise, Wood, and Yorke—83
NA1S—Mossra * Arlington, Baron Beeson, Blacl, Botts,
BrewstPl Milton Brown, Burke W O Butlei, John Camp
bell, Wm B Campbell, Thomas T Campbell, Caruthers,
Caiy Ga&ey, Chapman, Coles, Colquitt, Cowen Cravens Dan
lei G Div « R D Davis Dean, Deberry, Doan, Egber', John G
Fl yd C A Floyd Gilmei, Goggm, Wm O Goode, Graham,
Gwm, Hall, Hays, Hopkins, Houck, Houston Hubaid, Hudson
Huntei Chas J Ingersoll, Cave Johnson, JohnW Jones,Keim'
Andrew Kennedy, Lewis, Abraham McClellan, McKay, Mc'
Keon, Samson Mason, Mathews, Mattocks, Medill, Meriwether
Miller, Mitchell, Moore, Owsley Payne, Pearce Pope, Redin '
Rencher Reynolds Riggs, W Russell, Saunders, Shaw, Shep
perd Shields, Wm Smith, Steenrod, Stratton, Summers
Swency, Richard W Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Turney
Ward Warren, Westbrook, Tames W Williams, Jos L
Williams  and John Young—86
Mr FILLMORE then inquired if the morning
hour had not enp-red
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative
Mr. FILLMORE then moved that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
«rawbill.
«R MciCAY addressed the eommittee at some
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
length in support of the amendment; and, in the
course of tes remarks, offerefan amendment by way
of provisoie the item wh$h provided for a more
gradual ref uction of thjfarmy than that provided
for in the alnendment pr/viously before the Hous".
It provided that ihe requiting serves shojld cease
until the ar&y was reduced by deaths, resignations,
discharges, Ind dewsraons, to about 8 000 men
Mr. C. J^HNSfN accepted it in lieu of his
own.             *    /
Mr. FILLMORE objected that ihe amendment
was out of oSfer, and called the attention of ihe
Chair to the 53i rule, which provides that no pro-
position, different from the one under considera-
tion, shall be introduced under color of amend-oént.
The proposition before the House was to pay an
army created byexisttrg laws; while the substance
of the amendment was, that th re shall be a reduc-
tion of that army from 12,000 to 8,000 men, and
the di«banding of one tegiment. Now, was ¡his
amendment the subject on which they were legisla-
ting? He knew that the House possessed the
physical and moral power to refuse the appropria-
tion; but the amendment was clearly out of order
under the rule he had referred to. The very ob-
ject of that rule was to av<. i the confusion that
must arise, in considering appropriation bills, from
going back into the consideration of the propriety
of the original law
Mr. McKAY contended that the amendment did
not repeal the law of 1836, or any other law, ¡t
only directed the application of the money appro-
proprtated Farther, the law creating the regiment
of dragoons, authorized the President to dispense
with it when, m his opinion, it would be proper to
do so. The doctrine of the gentleman from New
York amounted to this If we had an army as
high as 50 000, and ihe House wanted to reduce it
to a peace standard, it could not refus  the ap-
propriation, because it was authorized by an exist-
ing statute, notwithstanding there was an express
provision of ihe Constitution that no appropriations
shall be made for an army for a longer period tljan
170 years
Mr. FILLMORE said that he hsd already stated
that it was in the power of t^e House to refuse the
appropriation even for the whole army—there was
no doubt of that What he contended for was,
that the amendment conflicted with one of the rules
of the Hou-.e, and was, therefore, out of order.
The CHAIR said the rule to which his atten-
tion had been called provided that no proposition
different from the one under consideration should
be introduced under color of amendments. What
was the subject under consideration? It was the
appropriation of money for the pay of the army.
What army ] The army authorized by existing
laws. Who are they ? Those now in the service
Then what was the amendment? It was to limit
the number in service, by providing that no more
shall be recruited in p'ace of those who have gone,
or shall hereafter go, out of service at the expira-
tion of the pe'iod of their enlistment As to the
latter part of the amendment, relating to the regi-
ment of dragoons, the amendment did not repeal
the law creating it, bui provided that, after a certain
time, no money shall be paid for them In this
point of view, and under the best lights he had from
the precedents heretofore set, he pronounced the
amendment not to be out of order, and not con-
flicting with the rule to which his attention had been
direeted
Mr CUSHINGaopealed from that decision If
th  amendment did not repeal existing laws, it did
not accomplish the object of ¡he mover. He asked
gentlemen, in all candor, if that amendment looked
to this year's appropriation only, or if it did not go
to all time to come. He appealed to the commit-
tee whelher it did not, to a certain extent, repeal
the law of 1838.
After some remarks from Mr. TILLINGHAST
in favor of the apnea!—
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said that the question of
order was one which had been often before the
House in the last six or seven years, and had been
uniformly settled as now decided bv the chairman
of the committee—and, as he thought, troperly so
decided. What was new the question? We were
asked for an appropriation to pay the army, and to
recruit men for that service. The amendment of-
fered seeks to limit the appropriation aski-d to the
number of men now believed to be necessary, and
to prevent further enlistments This he consider-
ed a restriction of the appropriation, rather than a
repeal of the law He thought it exactly similar
to the restriction introduced by the chairman ot the
Committee of Ways and Means in the civil and
diplomatic bill. The Secretary of State was au-
thorized by law lo have printed the laws and other
nec-ssary printing of his department; and we usu-
ally approp-iated for that purpose $25,000 The
same is again asked, and reported in the usual MIL
The chairman himself introduces the restriction
and makes it the duty of the Secretary to let out
the public printing to the lowest bidder; and this
was adopted (as he thought, very properly) by the
House. This resolution, introduced by the honor-
able member from New York, changed the law, as
much as the proposition which he now submitted
—was as much out of order.
Mr. J. also referred to the restrictions recently
put upon the navy bill, and for several years past
upon the fees allowed to marshals, clerks, and col-
lectors, &c. The restrictions upon the fees of
these officers had been for years past—he believed
since the year 1835—put m the usual appropri-
ation bilis; and certainly changed the law as much
as the restrictions now proposed. But he con-
tended the law was not repealed. It was a refusal
to appropriate, except upon the conditions spe-
cified. The chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means admits the right of (fife House to reject
any and all appropriations, if they choose. And
is it not equally competent to reject a part, and
grant a part' or to grant upon conditions, or with '
any restuctions the House may. choose to put
npon it?
The House is aware that thesé*augmentations of
the army had been allowed by the Hous* partly la
1832, when the Black Hawk war existed, and m
1838, to carry on the war in Florida. Now, these
wa's are over. It has been announced to us that
th  Florida war his ended Where was now the
necessity of keeping m service the five or six thous-
and men added to the army by the law of 1838? .
He was graffied to find that his fr.end from Rhode
Island [Mr. Tillinghast] was now the friend of
the army. But certainly he thought, as the Flor-
ida war, which caused the increase, was now over—
and the Rhode Island war too—that we might now
be permitted to return to the number necessary m
time of peace.
The amendment proposes to dimmish the num-
ber of men in tae different companies, so as to re-
duce them to the size of the companies as organised
under the law of 1821, and to dispense with the
second regiment of dragoons, which was raised un-
der the law of 1836, for the Florida service. The
House would remember that that law authorized
the President at any time to disband that regi-
ment when, in h s op.nion, the public service would
allow it to be done The amendment offered did not
propose a repeal of this law; but an expression* 
a strong expression of the opinion of the House,
that their services wouM BOt be required after the
1st of October next; yet the President might retain
them, and trust for an appropriation for their pay-
ment to the next session. Mr. J. urged the neces-
sity of continuing this mode of restricting or limit-
ing appropriations, upon this and all other sub-
jects if we bad to repeal laws before we ceased
to appropriate, there would not be much retrench-
ment or economy soon.
After some lemarks from Mr. GILMER, rafa-
^oi of the decision of the Chair; and from Messrs.
FILLMORE, HOLMES, and ADAMS against it-
Mr, LEWIS of Alabama did not rise to discuss
the question of order, but to say a word or two on
the question of privilege—a quesuon involving the
rights of the House, and the constitutional obliga-
tions of its member . What was it t According
to the doctrine advanced by the gentleman from
New York, if an appropriation bill is brought for-
ward to provide for an object authorized by an ex-
isting law, Congress could not refuse or suspend
the appropriation, because, as the gentleman said,
it would be a repeal of that law. If that is correct,
said Mr. L, we have but one duty here—and that
