S3S
Fanner propositions to fill the blank were then
made, as follows:
By Mr. BAGBY, with 75,000.
By Mr. BAYARD, with 74,607.
By Mr. BUCHANAN, with 70,680.
Mr. B. said he was the mora ready to vote for
this number, which would give a House of about
300 members, because it left the largest fraction to
his own State.
By Mr. CRAFTS, with 62,172.
By Mr. CRITTENDEN, with 70,000.
By Mr. EVANS, with 66,000.
By Mr. FULTON, with 74,391.
By Mr. GRAHAM, with 65,500.
By Mr. HENDERSON, with 59,513.
By Mr. KERR, with 54,265.
By Mr. KINO, with 69,000.
By Mr. McROBERTS, with 68,000.
By Mr. MERRICK, with 72,354.
By Mr. MILLER, with 62 000.
By Mr. PORTER, with 53 010.
By Mr. SEVIER, with 77 000.
By Mr. STURGEON, with 61,474.
By Mr. TALLM4DGB, with 62,279.
By Mr. WALKER, with 49,594.
By Mr. WHITE, with 76,000.
By Mr. WILCOX, with 50,648.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, with 62,500.
By Mr. WOODBRIDGE, with 70 755.
By Mr. WOODBURY, with 56,746.
By Mr. WRIGHT, with 50,178.
By Mr. YOUNG, with 59,506.
The question being first on the highest number,.
(77,000,) proposed by the Senator from Arkansas,
[Mr. Sevier,] he rose, and advocated his proposi- <
tion.   He said, from an examination of the tables,
he believed this number would give a Hou e of
193, without any to represent fraction-;.   But if the
fractions were represented, it would increase it to
above 200.   He had reason to believe that even a
higher ratio would be preferable to the People, and
mere conducive to the interests of the country. He
would be in iavor even of a ratio exceeding the
population of the smallest State, if it weie not that
it would interfere with Delaware.   The public sen-
timent of the country was ¡.gainst any increase of
the members in the popular braüch.    The effect of
an increase would be to prolong the sessions, which
were alieady too long.   The people now looked
upon these long sessions as a nuisance.    Yet they
are Mill increasing, with the increasing disgust of
the people.   It was time  to change it.    He was
disposed to go for the highest ratio that could b¿
obtained,  without inierfeiing   with   the smallest
State.
If ihe Senate should adh re to the amendment
adopted to represent fractions, thirteen States wi'l
receive an additional Representative, under that
system, by the ratio proposed, which will mnke a
House of above 200 members. If a ratio -should
he adopted creating a Huuse of 300 members, no
hnsiness at all would be transacted. He concluded
by demanding the yeas and nays on the proposi-
tion; which were ordered.
Mr. PRESTON concurred with the Senator from
Arkansas, in giving a preference to a high ratio, so
as to reduce the number of Representatives.    He
was in favor of the  old notion, that the Repre-
sentatives    ought   to   be   in   the   pioporiion   of
three to one.   He was inclined to propose S2 000,
which   would   leave a fraction of  only 82 000.
A proper relation ough> to subs'St bftween tha
two legislative branches of tins Government.   The
members of the other He use had a direct interest
in keeping up their numbers ; but the Senate bad
a further iaiereat in preserving the equilibrium, and
in pi- ervi3g its own powers undiminished by an
apparently overwhelming majority.   It was a dif-
ficult matter to stand  up asamst the moral influ-
ence of laige majorities.    He (Mr. P.) did not de.
sire to see the House oi Representatives so exclu-
sivelypopulai as to ovciay the Senate.   He would
not have our moral influence dimin shed ; and he
must bs permitted to aid, that large assemblages,
liable to sudden impulses of caprice, were calcu-
lated to operate upon the more n'ature and calm
deliberations of die co-ordinate body when engaged
in the performance of its highest duty.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he would be glad to
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
hear ihe list of numbers read, if they were al! be-
fore the Chair.
It was understood they would be read as soon as
they could be arranged.
*# Mr. CALHOUN said, without discussing the
questisn as to any particular number, the first
thing they ought to consider was, whether they
should have a large or small number of Represent-
atives,1? To take the question upon each number
proposed, would be attended with considerable dif-
ficulty. He (Mr. C.) cared nothing about frac-
tions, but a great deal about the ratio. He thought
that the expedient of enlarging the House of Rep-
resentatives, instead of increasing its weight and
giving it respectability, would have a contrary
tendency. At the time when that House consisted
of not more than one hundred and forty members,
it was as orderly as the Senate is at present in its le-
gislative proceeding1;; and it was the opinion of the
most intelligent men with whom he had conversed
upon this subject, that every increase of its numbers
produced only a deterioration Many persons, he
was aware, entertained a different view of the
matter; but it was his opinion that such persons
labored under a profound error. By its increase,
business must be protraced, and the sessions drawn
out to such an intolerable ,'ength as to be a reasona-
ble cause of complaint. He believed the country
would be unanimous upon this point; and, being
of this opinion, he would be in favor of the larger
ratio. He, (Mr. Calhoon,) as far as his own con-
stituents were concerned, and his own individual
preference, would prefer to have a small House, '
sooner than to secure to that State the smallest pos-
sible fraction. He knew that many would say that
a numerous House of Representatives would be
more Democratic. He was of a directly opposite
opinion. He believed it would have the effect of
lessening the weight of thaj; body, and bringing it
into disrepute. He believed that every true friend
of the people ought to watch vig'lantly, and, if
■   possible, prevent an undue extension of that branch
of the Government.     Under these impressions, he
 (   would vote for the highest ratio.
¿     Mr. WOODBURY proposed the following reso-
1  ''ition:
Resolved, As the sense oí (he Senate, before fitting the
bUnk for a ratio, that it wilt adopt one which must inciease
the present numher of the House of Representatives.
He observed that this resolution had been sug-
gested by the observations of the Senator from
South Carolina, Whettier the vote should decide
it m ihe affirmative or negative, the effect would be
to define whether the Senate wished to adopt a ra
tío that woula increase or dimmish the number of
Representatives. His object was merely to offer a
test of the sense of the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN was opposed to the consid-
eration of this resolution. It would have no other
tendency than to embarrass and clog the action of
í'ie Senate, without effec'ing any decisive result.
It was quite useless to waste time on vague propo-
sitions. Much better would it be to confine the
attention of the Senate to each proposition in suc-
cession, till the ratio best calculated to accord with
tne wishss of a majority should be adopted. For
his own part, he was in favor of the bill
as it came from the House—paiticularly if
the ratio should be modified as suggested by the j
Jud oiary Committee of the Senate, making
it 50,000, instead of 50,179. For many reasons,
he was in favor of ihis latio, among these, was one
prominent reason,—ha thought it most consonant to
the rubog principle of our institutions that there
should Is the largest practicable representation of
the popular will. But, independent of this and
many other reasons, he thought no little weight
was due to the expression of preference for that
ratio given by the immediate Representatives of
the pnpn'ar voice themae!ves. He did not mean j
to say that ihe Senate could or should be
controlled in its o n sphere of action; but that
• m - question of doubt, where decision * as jieeessary,
some weight was due to the expression of the Rep-
resentatives themselves given in favor of a ratio
preferred by their majority. Here Mr. C. proceed-
ed to review the organization of representation du-
ring toe last thirty years, with a view of showing
j that, If greater decorum and less excitement existed
in the other House when its numbers were small,
it was owing to circumstances, and not because of
the numbers being smaller than at present. He
denied that the assumption was just, that there
was such turbulence in the mode of conduct-
ing business in the House now, as to lead to
danger of disorganization. He believed the pres-
ent House of Representatives consisted of the
very worst number that could be selected—too
many to ensure calmness and deliberation in de-
bate, and too few to ensure the full operation,
of that congregated mass ef intellect which per-
vades the people at large. He believed there would
be a more vivid and efficient House, when the
representation is large enough to reflect the senti-
ment and will of every district in the country, both
individually and collectively. It was said this
would be giving too great s prepondeiawse; and,
at the same time, it is said that no'hrag but disor-
ganization and incapacity for business must
ensue. Both propositions cannot be true, for
they are inconsistent with each other. As to
the fear of that body obtaining too great an
ascendency, there could be no objection in that, if
the popular branch truly represented the popular
will; and m no way ceuld that be so fully attained
a« by an enlarged number of Representatives-
There was, however, no danger of such an ascen-
dency. The great danger and tendency of this Gov-
ernment was towards Executive ascendency and
domination. So great bad this'tendency been, that
there was now no means left of obtaining a due
controlling power, but by a larger representation of
the people, and by bringing into Ihe legislative
biansh, m which th* popular will is immediately
reflected, me overpowering and irresistible evidence
of the popular wul.
It is feared ihis Senate may be overshadowed
and controlled by the ascendeecy which an increase
of numbeis may give to the o>her branch. He
denied that there could be any such effect pro-
duced. The two branches were constituted to
avert any rivalry er collision. There could not
be even a competition between them, such as might
arise in the departments of the executive branch.
Fiom their very nature of their constitution, they
have a community of interests and origin, which
must neu'rahze all tendencies to disorganization— *
the necessary result of struggles for ascendency on
the part of the ow: or the other.
Mr. ALLEN was of opinion that the ratio most
agreeable to the people would be about 60,010.
Had the House proposed thai number, he would
most cheerfully ¡rtve concurred. A question had
been raised about the number of whah the House
ought to consist. The Senator from Seutu Caro-
lina thinks the present number ought to be greatly
diminished. This was, as he understood it, in
consequence of the assumed proposition that the
present House of Repredentatives was turbu-
lent, and incapable of transacting business. If
that fact did exist to the extent supposed, it
was a circumstance growing out of lbs character
of the times, and the state of public sentiment.
That House was essentially the reflection of the
Republic itself. If it was tuibulent, it was be-
cause party excitements had made turbulence per-
vade the community. When excitements abroad
shall subside, the House will assume the same
tone of quietude. He, however, considered the
fault was in the structure of the hall, more than in
the disposition of the members. It is impossible to
hear distinctly what is said from one side of that
hall lo ihe other: this occasions a necessity for ex-
p'anations, which lead to personal collisions. Select
a chamó -r of a diiFerent form, calculated for busi-
ness more than for show, and a different result
would be produced.
He was in favor of a medium ratio of 60,000.
A mass representation is requisite to control and
counteract the tendency of this Government to
centraliza ion.
The tendency was to concentrate nower in the
hand, of ten men—the Executive arid Judiciary.
This tendency, if aided by the Senate, would give
the controlling power of the Government to 62
men, with half the power of legislation. This was
a formidable centralization. To counteract this
vast influence, ihe people had nothing to oppose
