546
... s-„.„
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
due to the expression of preference by the House
in ibis matter.
Mr. BUCHANAN continued. Under the Con-
stitution, the Senate has equal duties with the House,
and is bound to fulfil them. He had a very high
respect for the House collectively and individually.
But in a case where a great difference exists, such
as that anticipated by the Senator from New York,
he thought the Senate ought to act upon the prin-
ciple of this Government, to accommodate dif-
ferences by compromise. He would, therefore,
. prefer that a conference should decide between the
highest number approved by the Senate, and the
lowest approv* by the House.
Mr. B, here entered into a review of the argu-
ments m favor of an increased number of mem-
bers, ana pointed out what struck htm as great
fallacies in these arguments.
He had merely risen to express his opinion in
regard to doctrines which he conceived not war-
ranted by the Constitution, and likely to lead the
public mind astray, because they emanated from
a source eminently entitled to great respect.
Mr. WRIGHT had merely staled the motives
which were calculated to influence his own person-
al action. He had no intention of laying down any
doctrine or rale of action for the Senate.
Mr. ALLEN observed, that although this was
not to be a permanent law, as already stated by the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] yet it was
to be decisive for ten years. He would repeat
what he had said before—that there was a rivalry
between the Senate and the Houoe The designof
the organization of the Senate was, to make it a
check on the action of the House What could be
more conclusive of the rivalry than this design ?
But he would go further: he would say that there
was a compeiition for popular favor between the
Senate and the Hou«e of Representatives; and in
this competition were the essential principles of ri-
valry.
He utterly denied the assumption that turbu-
lence and incapacity for business characterized the
present House of Representatives. But even if
such were the fact, for the Senate to take upon it-
self to pronounce judgment on that House, and to
propose a corrective, by reduction of its members,
against its own expressed will, was an assumption
of control, on the part of the Senate, which would
lead to consequences of the most dangerous kind.
If there really is violence in the National Legisla-
ture, it is because violence has been excited among
the people themselves, and that violence comes to
Congress, reflected through the Representatives of
the people. He was utterly opposed to any cold-
blooded proportions of despotism. There were
but three great representative Governments now in
the world—Great Britain, France, and the United
States And of these three, power was concen-
trated m fewer hands in this republ c than in those
two monarchies. In France, the powers ot Gov-
ernment were in the hands of upwards of one
thousand men. In Great Britain, it was the same
Here the whole power of Government is concen-
trated in sixty-two hands—those of the Executive,
Judiciary, and Senate. The House had a right to
complain.
Mr. A. continued. He said he would rather trust
a mass representation, than that the House should
be reduced to 200    Sir, in a multitude of counsel
ior¡> there is wisdom.   After the citations from his-
tory by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,]
as to the effect produced in France by the reduc-
tion of the legislative body  by Napoleon, they
should be careful how they cut down.    He liked
to see a numerous representative body. Theie was
something  awfully  sublime  in the spectacle of
a congregated   mais   of  representatives.   There
vas nothing more impressive, or belter calculated
to eleva'e the ideas of man with regard to the na-
ture of public liberty.    As to the comp'amts about
the turbulency of masses, and occasional oatbreate
of rassion, he would only say that we rau"¡t put up
with these freaks of passion m the Ho^e and the
people     We mu t take the great j,ood,  ]1Derty,
with    the    little    evil,    instead   of   great    evil
With little good, which would  be the converse of
the state of things complained of.   He viewed the
Senate as staading before the country as a uval for
power with the House; and he was deposed to take
the side of the House, because it was the body
which may be said, emphatically, to represent the
people. He was no friend to violence, but he had
never feared the effect of occasional outbreak of
passion with the people; they soon calmed, and
settled down again, and assumed the character
which belonged to truth. These temporary out-
breaks of passion are the guaranties of public libers
ty. He liked to see the nation animated—it keep-
the eyes of men fixed on their rights.
The question being first on the motion of Mr.
Preston to fill the blank m the bill with 92,000 for
a ratio,
Mr. WALKER demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and the qnesuon being put,
resulted in the negative—yeas 10, nays 36, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Bayard, Calhoun, Clayton, Evans,
Mangum, Preston, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, and White—10
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Barrow, Bates, Benton, Berrien,
Buchanan, Choate, Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Cuthbert, Ful
•on, Graham, Henderson, Huntington, Kerr, King, Linn, Mo
Roberts, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Porter, Rives, Sevier,
Simmons, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Sprague,
Tappan, Walker, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and
Young—36
The question was then taken on the proposition
of Mr. Sevier to fill the blank with 77,000, which
was determined in the negative, on yeas and naj s,
as follows: Yeas 12, nays 34:
YEAS—Mesare Archer, Bayard, Calhoun, Clayton, Evans,
Fulton, Mangum, Preston, Sevier, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, and
White-12
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Barrow, Bates, Benton, Berrien, Bu
chañan, Choate, Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Cuthbert, Gra
ham. Henderson, Huntington, Kerr, King, Linn, McRoberts,
Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Porter, Rives, Simmons, Smith of
Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tappan, Walker, Wil-
cox, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—34
The question was then taken on the proposition
of Mr White to fill the blank with 76,000;
which was disagreed to, without a count.
The question was then taken on the proposition
of Mr. Bagey to fill the blank with 75,000;
which was determined in the negative on yeas and
nays, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Bayard, Berrien Calhoun Clay
ton, Conrad, Evans, t ulton, Gtaham, King, Mangum, Preston,
fcevier, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, and Whi e—lb
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Barrow, Bates Benton, Buchanan,
Choate, Crafts, Crittenden, Cuthbert Henderson, Huntington,
Kerr, Linn McRoberts, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Porter,
Rives, Simmons, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana,
Sprague, Tampan, Walker, Wilcox, Williams, Woodburv,
Wright, and Young-30
The question was men taken on the proposition
of Mr Bayard to fill the blann with 74,607;
which was determined in the negative on yeas and
nays as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Bayard, Bernen, Buchanan, Cat
houn, Clayton, Conrad, Evans, Tulton, Graham, King, Linn,
McRoberts, Mansum Meuick, Pieston, Rives, Stvier Sturgeon,
Tallmadge, an I White—21
NVYfe—Messis Allen, Barrow, Bate , Benton, Choate,
Crafts, ( rutenden, Hendei^on Huntington, Iieir,Miller, More
head, Porter, Simmons, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of li
diana, Sprague, Tappan, Walkei, Wilcox, Williams, Wood
bury, Wright, and Young—24
The question was then taken on the proposition
of Mr. Fult3n lo fill the blank with 74 391;
which was determined in the negative, by yeas
and nays, as follows—yeas 22, nays 23
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Bayard, Berrien, Buchanan, Cal
houn, Clayton, Evans, Fulton, Henderson, Kme, Linn, Mc
Roberts, Mangum, Merrick, Preston, Rives, teeviei, Sturgeon,
Tallmadge, Walker, and Whtte-22   *
NAYS—Messrs Alien, Barrow, Bates, Benton, Choate, Con
rad, Crafts, Crittenden, Giaham, Huntington, Kerr, Mi ler,
Morehead, Porter, Simmons Smith of f onnecticut, Smith
of Indiana, Sprague, Tappan, Wilcox, Williams, Wood
bury, Wright, and loung—23
The question was then teken on the proposition
of Mr. Merrick, to fill the blank with 72 354,
which was disagreed to, by yeas 22, nays 24, as
follows:
V EAS—Messrs Archer, BayarS, Berrien, Buchanan, Cal
houn, Clayton, Crafts, Cuthbert, Evans, Fulton, Graham, Hen
derson, Kintr McRobert , Mangum Memck Pieston Rn=s
Sevier Tallmadge, Walker, and White—22
NAVS—Messrs Allen, Barrow, Bates, Benton, < hoate, Con
rad, Crtte-den Hunu-gton, Kerr, Linn, Miller, Jtwhra 1
Porter, bimmons Smith of ( onnecti tit Smith of It diana
^Prague, Sturgeon, Tappan, Wilcox, William", Woodbuiv
Wright, and Younsr—21
Mr. BARROW propo ed to fill the blank wita
71,257, and on that proposition demanded the yeas
and nays, which were ordered; and the question
being put, the proposition was passed in the af-
firmative—yeas 25, nays 21, as follows:
II
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Bat row, Bayard, Berrien, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Cuthbert, Evans, Fulton,
Graham, Hendeison, Linn, McRoberts, Mangum, Merriek,
Preston   Rives, feevier, Sturgeon,  Tallmadge, Walker, and
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Bates, Benton, Choate, Crittenden,
Huntington, Kerr, King, Miller, Morehead, Porter, Simmon ,
Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tappaa,
Wnco\, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—21
Mr. MOREHEAD expressed a wish that the
Senate would go into executive session, for ther
purpose merely of referring a treaty which was on
the table.
Objeción was made by Mr. WALKER, wbc-
said that he had objee'ed to the ratio fired by the
House of Representatives, because it left a frac-
tion so great that on'y 406 additional would have
entitled his State to another Representative. The
ratio just adopted he found operated equally oppres-
sive on a free State The State of New Hamp-
shire has such a large fract on under it, that, by the
addition of 106, she would be etitit'ed to another
Representative. By adop mg a ratio of 71,143,
that State would get another. He had beea in-
duced to vote against the ratio of the House, as a
matter of justice to the State of Missis>ippi. The
same sense of justice demanded that he should vote
against ihis ratio, which operated so oppressively
on New Hampshire. He therefore moved to re-
consider the vote by which it was adopted.
The quejón was put, and agreed to.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Barrow to fill the blank with 71 257, who with-
drew the motion at the sugges'ion of
Mr. WALKER, who now proposed to fill the
blank with 71,143.
Messrs EVAiNS and LINN said This number
woald operate equally oppressive on the State of
Michigan, by leaving that State a very large frac-
tion—70,755. Therefore, to avoid that, the Sen-
ate would have to adopt a still lower ratio.
Mr. MOREHEAD renewed his motion to go
into executive session.
The CHAIR sa d that motion was not in ord«r,
pending the question before the Sena'e.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, for the purpose of admit-
ting the motion, moved to lay the apportionment
bill on the table.
Mr. WALKER demanded the yeas and nays,
which were crdtred; and the question being put,
the motion was agreed to, by >eas 25, nays 22.
Mr CALHOUN moved that the Senate adjourn;
but
M.r KERR moved tha' when the Senate adjourn,
it adjourn tul Monday ncx'.
Mr BUCHANAN said ihat it was seldom in-
deed that he made a call for the )eas and nays; but,
considering the position in which his State was
placed by the delay «f action on ihe apportionment
bnl, he was compelled to demand the yeas and
na>s
The yeas and nayswere ordered,a-id the question
being put, it was carried in the affirmative by yeas
27, nays 17.                                                 ' '
On motion of Mr, MOREHEAD, the Senate
proceeded 10 the consideration of executive busi-
ness, and, after a few minutes spent therein, ad-
journed till Monday next
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 27, 1842.
Mr MARSHALL of Mame presented the peti-
t on of H A. Ladd, and fity-eight others, citizens
of tH  town of Windsor, Mame, for the establish-
ment of a mail-route from Belfast to Augusta, in
said State.                                                         '
Mr. PENDLETON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill lo establish new
additional military post-!, and it was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the slate of the Union The bill
was understood to make provision for the estab-
lisoment of a military post at the mouih of the
Columbia river, in the Oreaon Territory, also, for
■h establishment of a chain of imhiary posts from
Council Blurts to the Pacific ocean
Mr. PENDLETON moved that the bill, and the
accompanying report, be printed, uhich was
agreed to.
Mr. STANLY said he was instructed by the
