¿BB£j£!UeBMSfe&-., •
•-*£es.        —7~,m- a .i.....n..............  m—-i-ir-f.-M-m-fii-n------ff";
selves. ^HscálieB the attention of the committee
to the fact that a petition, signed by three millions
oí people, cailing for raaidal reforms in the Gov-
ernment of England, had been recently presented
to the House of Peers by Lord Brougham.
For that and other reasons, he believed there was
no'dahger of a war from that quarter. The war
that would be waged would be insidious. They
•would endeavor to excite discords and distentions, to
engender strife and ill feeling and disunion
amongst us. In view of this fact, we should, he
thought, be bound together by a thousand proud
recollections of the past, and prouder hopes of the
future. The only admonition it afforded was, that
we should be upon our guard, stand closer and
closer to each other, in order to defend and cherish
Ae institutions of our country. The beauty of our
own, indeed, reflected the deform of European in-
stitutions. The people of the United States would
■understand the true character of any war that
might be waged insidiously upon them, and would
take their position accordingly. For his own part,
he dreaded nothing from England; and had merely
thrown out these suggestions in answer to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts.
He would ask the attention of the committee to
a few statistics connected with the subject. He
had erroneously stated the number of the army at
present at 10,874. In this he was wrong, and bis
error consisted in enumerating the staff at 1,000,
instead of 548, as appeared from official docu-
ments. This made the army less than what he
had estimated it at.
He had said that the Secretary of War estimated
two regiments as necessary to carry on operations
in Florida. He considered that 1,600 men (and
this was not less than military men had computed
as sufficient) wsre amply competent to bring the
"war in that Territory to a close. He thought, by
deducting one or two hundred men from the force,
and supposing that that war would not last forever—
a war which had exhausted our Treasury, and
brought reproach upon our arms; a war with a
handful of savages, which had lasted as long as the ¡
siege of Troy; a war in which we were told but
150 warriors were engaged—surely 1,600 soldiers
•would be sufficient to settle the remaining account
■with this handful of Indians; and, hoping he should
he pardoned for a slight digression, that war ought
to be ended. The Secretary of "War had declared
it was, whilst the Representative from Florida said
it was not yet ever. He (Mr. G ) thought, so long
as it was conducted upon present principles, it ¡
never would end. When he looked back to past i
experience, he was convinced that the best, the
cheapest, and, indeed, the most humane mode of
terminating it, would be, not by armies and appro- '
priations, but by giving land to settlers, who would i
occupy it, and fight the Indians in their hunting
shirts. Let that be done; and he imagined we
should hear of no more murders, and no more re-
ports from the War Department. Let not gentle-
men say it was more cruel to kill the Indians by
men who pursued them as if they were hunting
deer, than by organized corps of infantry and artil-
lery. Let them look to the ancient history of the
country, Of it could be said to have an ancient his-
tory,) and they would find that, though regular
bands of soldiers marched against the Indians, they
went but ¡o be disgraced, and would have continued
tobe disgraced, but for the hunters of the back-
woods, with George Washington at their head.
But h® forbore to present this subject further at
present, as he was aware that a scheme would be |
brought before Congress.                                          (
He proceeded to say that the staff admitted of a j
great reduction from its present numbers. Also,
he thought reduction might very well take place ia |
the enaineer department, in tbs military stere-
keepers' department, in the number of artificers,
and in the departments of the quartermaster and
paymaster general. The United States army had,
in fact, been upon a war establishment since 1838;
and the Florida war was given as the cause. West
Point Academy was put down as a part, and the
cadets were included in the enumeration of the
force of the army. It was considered as a part
Wonging to the Eastern division of the army,
«e.then. enumerated the force stationed at the
-.«.:.Tu*". .y * •.' ri."-'?i *" '° * ' ' ' '_
several'posts in the Eastern division—at New
York, Niagara, Sackett's Harbor, Maine, Fort
Hamilion, and Fortress Monroe—as showing a
large number of troops to be concentrated
within the Eastern division. These troops, he
contended, were evidently brought there with
the expectation that there would be a rup-
ture with England, in relation to the North-
eastern frontier. In regard to that matter., the
State of Maine had recently appointed commis-
sioners; ard there was a minister plenipotentiary
in Washington authorized to treat in behalf of the
British Government. Under these circumstances,
he thought we were warranted in supposing that
there would be a continuance of the pacific relations
now existing between England and ourselves.- In
peace, if the States did their duty to their militia—
if they did one half of what they should towards
that neglected, but useful and invaluable bulwark
of defence—but a small force would be required
in sur army; nothing more than a mere police, and
a nucleus around which a larger army might be
formed.
It was not possible or desirable to drill the mili-
tia as solders are; yet, by proper classification aBd
arrangement of them, according to age and other
circumstances, they might be prepared for war at
but a short notice. The experience of the camp,
he maintained, was necessary to make a perfect
soldier. It was as necessary to those regularly
enlisted in the army, as it was to the militia. It
was necessary for the purpese of counteracting the
bad habits acquired from lounging about in gar-
risons. The genius of our institutions, too, taught
us that we should not rely too much upon a mer-
cenary soldiery. A standing army was not our
safest reliance. Every citizen in the Republic was
enrolled in the militia, and every consideration
taught us to look to that as our best defence.
True, we should not be ready with it alone,
to go to war in a moment. This was, if he might
be allowed to use the term, one of the inconveni-
ences of a republican form of government. It
was an inconvenience, however, greatly counter-
balanced by superior advantages. We were not
prepared to go to war so soon as a monarchy,
with its millions of revenue extorted from a suffer-
ing people, and its forces by sea and land, which
it was compelled to keep, in order to sustain its
own power. In the United States, every citizen
was a soldier, and every soldier a citizen. He
had adverted to these circumstances, in order to
show that the army might be reduced within a
smaller compass.
But his main purpose was to call attention to
the abuses in the military establishment of ths
country, and to suggest some remedy. He was
not one of ihose who thought it only necessary to
prove that abuses existed, without proposing any
mode by which they might be remedied; and it was
farthest from his intention to poiut them out for
the purpose of wounding the feelings of particular
men in the service. Tne gentlemau from North
Carolina, [Mr. McKay,] who seemed to be well
acquainted with the subject, had already pointed
out many abuses to the committee. In addition to
what had been stated, he would name a few items
which he considered as extravagant and waste-
ful. For "commutation of officers' subsistence,
$527,264;" "commutation of forage for officers'
horses, $116,971;" "commutation of clothing f«r
officers' servants, #80,240;'' "transportation of offi-
cers' baa-gage when travelling on duty without
troops, §65,000." All these items he regarded as
too high, and the latter as admitting, if not inviting
great abuse.
The next item of which he complained was
"for the amount of fortifications, including com-
pensation of a special agent to attend at the found-
ries employed in making cannon, $150,000 " He
did not complain particularly of this item; but it
covered a vast ground for the perpetration of
abuses. This special agent was not authorzed by
law, but was one of the officers appointed by
"regulations." He was appointed -by authority of
Executive legislation, which appropriated nearly
as much money as did Congress. There was at
present, no national foundry. There was, he was
aware, a proposition before tlae committee to estab-
lish one; but it had not been adopted, and the can-
non of the United States were made by contract.
The guns had to be cast according to a certain
standard, and to be tried and proved before they
were received. There were men in the Ordnance
Departmentcompetentto test thoseguns; why,then,
send a special agent around to the manufactories,
with a salary of $2,400, and ten cents per mile for
his travelling? There was no necessity for this
agent; and he cited the case as an instance of the
abuse of authority. So far as his experience went,
there was no department in which reform was so
much wanted as the War Department.
He was no enemy of the army, but its friend,
properly managed. They were its enemies
who voted to perpetuate abuses that would break
down its spirit and discipline, and ultimately destroy
its efficiency.
The system of commutation extended to the West
Point Academy. This bill contained an item for
"commutation of subsistence of officers and cadets,
$40,000;" "commutation of forage for officers'
horses, $5,184," "commutation of clothing for of-
ficers' servants, $1,424." In commenting upon
these items, he could not help remarking how the
times had changed, and how military science had
been altered, since the early days of our Republic.
How different were the officers then and mate!
What a contrast did these items present, compared
with the accommodations afforded to the brave
Marion, in the Revolution, who entertained his
friends upon a log for a seat, and a sweet potato
for a repast! That man and his compatriots fought
for their country, and not for their pay. He (Mr.
G ) was willing to admit thatjmen who had fought
and faced danger, gave evidence of their attach-
ment to their country; but he thought that the pa-
triotic gratitude of their fellow^citizens should be
regarded as a better reward than a mere qvid pro
qtio. At present, the emoluments of officers were
rendered large in various ways, by double rations,
triple rations, double pay, and brevet piy. His
obj'ct was to bring the facts before the committee,
that the abuses might be remedied. The time was,
when war was not so pleasant a thing as at present.
He was reminded of a man among the clansmen
of Scotland, who saw his son march to warwithont
tent, blanket, or any other confort, and sleeping
with a snow-ball for his pillow. The father,indig-
nant to see him thus comfortable, approached and
kicked away the snow-ball pillow, as a luxury
which it was unbecoming the character of a soldier
to enjoy. He (Mr. S.) was not in favor of redu-
cing our army to this hard condition, but merely to
the standard of law.
He then adverted to a few items which he read
from a table sent from the War Department.
These items showed the excess received by many
officers beyond their regular salary:
Pay per annum.    Total allow-
ances    tor
horses, ser-
vants, &c.
Major General •         .         .       82,400                «4915
Brigadier General       -         .         1,248                  3,165
Colonel of Cavalry     -         -         1,080                  2,396
Colonel of Artillery or Infantry,         900                  2,096
Lieutenant Colonel of Cavalry,         900                  2,047
Surgeon of ten years   -         .          720                  2,086
Surgeon of lesa than ten years,          720                  1794
Rations are computed at 20 cents each, bat are
not drawn; money being paid in their stead. A
large amount is paid to officers for commutation of
servants' pay and horses' forage. He understood
ihe Government was daily charged with from one
to two hundred horses in this city, where there were
not more than from twenty to forty in use. Then
the servants for whom money is drawn—are they
used? He was not opposed to paying our officers
well; but he wished them to have regular allow-
ances. He called the attention of the committee to
the Quartermaster's report in December, 1840.
According to that, an officer was required to have a
certificate that a horse was necessary, and to be
used, before he could obtain one. He objected to
this, because it made the perquisites of officers
somewhat dependent upon their own certificates,
and thereby exposed them to temptations which hu-
man nature was not always strong enough to re-
sist.
He then alluded to the report which he hadlnade!
