ItlS
CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
States shall exercise it; because, if Congress does
not exercise the power, then it is made the duty of j
the State Legislatures to exercise it.   On the part
of Corgress it is discretionary.   He would refer to
the objections Urged against this: first, that Con
gress has no power to  act at ail; second, that if
there is any power, it is only when the States have
declined to act; and, third, that it Congn-ss has the
power, it must be a power m spite of the States,
and therefore it overrides all State laws tn the sub-
ject, which would take away the sovereign power
of the State altogether.   Another objection is, that
if Congress make make, it must specify; if it alters,
it must also specify; it must make ihe districts
without ¡the interference ot the State Legislatures,
or not at all,   "fins was one of the objections
which he hoped he had s'ated fairly.   But what he
contended was the true doctrine, was, that if Con
gress does not interfere to regulate, the States may,
and then only.   He contended that the power of
Congress was plenary, except with regard to place
for the election of Senator-; for t'le power to make
or alter, implies the power to regulate the subject,
leaving nothing to Sute Legislatures but conform-
ity to its regulations, or the power to regulate the
subject partially.
The Constitution does not direct Congress how
far it shall go, but tays the S ate> may regulate
time, manner, or place—Congress havirg the
power to alter, which he construed into a power to
make partial regulations of the urn?, manner, and
plaee. If the power of Congress did not reach to
this, it would be a useless power. Suppose as to
time : if the States appointed Sunday for election,
might not Congress change tne time? Or suppose
the State selected an extreme coiner ot the Stats,
would not Congress have a right to m'erfeie as to
place? Then, as to manner: suppose the State
directed that no «ne should vote except in wntm¿,
and that in German 'ext, or any particular charac-
ter; would not Congress have a right to interfere
as to mannei? If it has, Congress must have
power to alter lime, phce, and manner; but in
this bill it only proposed to alter the manm-r
He contended tha' the term "manner" implies
several objects, such as voting by b,ill t, mm voce,
&c. He supposed many other postulates iiom
which he deduced the power of Congress to provide
for a system either ol electing by districts or by
general ticket.
He pointed out what hp considered analogous
cases, such as the appellate jurisdiction of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, which could not
be exercised till Congress parsed laws to authorize
tt. Tne power lies dormant till auihonzed by law
to be exercised. So it was with regard to the sub-
ject now under consideration. Wha'ever Congress
may do on the «uhject, is a regulation: t is not an
order, it is a regulation in r-lauon to its own organ-
ization, accotdmg to the power ?iven in ¡he Con-
stitution—Congress having lH- discretion to m ke
this regulation entire or only partial Congress
makes the principle, and the Constitution makes it
the duty of the States to conform 10 the principle.
It is not Congress that exercises any control over
Ihe States it is lip Constitution
Mr. BUCHANAN asked if Congress was to
make regulations f r itself or for the S ate ?
Mr HUNTINGTON continued, lint ¡t w«s the
Constitution that regula'ed the States—do* Cingrts 
Congress made regulations i i rJa'ioa 'o lis own
organi7ation, which the G ns iti ion <.a_,s the S'atcs
shall cany out- that was hi   answu.
As to the expediency of exercising this pnwei,
he would say a few words Tne S< nator from
Ohio supposes the law cionot be pract calty carr>*J
into effect, on account of the diversity whieu his
prevailed m the maní er of taking the census
There was one answer to ibis v.b eh met ihe whole
objection, u was this, that %v! er vei the dt=tnct
system has bfen attempt d, the l. has been found
no practical difficult,. There'would not be any
difficulty if gcntlcrren came to ihe su'^ct with a
disposition to district the St tís Another of 1*1 
Senator's objections ivas, that ¡heciiiztis of Ohio
were accustomed to vote upon one ticket, and aoy
n«w regulation would be such a novelty to them
Bat flsey could not endure it.    He denied that
there was any thing sound in this objection, and he
should not therefore dwell upon it
He stated the advantages of obtaining entire
uniformity throughout the Union. Tnat was the
object and design of the Constitution, and there
was no possible way of reaching this uniformity
but by the district system. He r ferred to the
280th page of the 3d .vol. of the Madison Papers,
to show Mr Madison's opinions on this subject.
He quoted several passages from Mr. Madi-on's
reports of the debates m the Virginia conven ion.
•He also referred to the debates in the M< ssachu-
setts convention, and quoted passages from speeches
made on that nccasi in.
In the origina! draught of the Constitution, made
by Mr. Pinckney, there was not a word said about
the action of Congress to regulate or interfere in
the election. It was not till Mr Rutledge's report
was made, that the proposition was brought for-
ward. When it earn  before the Convention, Mr.
Reed moved to amend the proposition, by striking
out the word "their," before regulations, making
the word "regalutions" general He contended
that but one mfe ence could be drawn from all
this, and it was, that Congress should exercise the
most ample and plenary powei over the whole sub-
ject.
The grea' benefit would be, that there would be
one entire uniform system, which would overthrow
the system of gerrymandering which has acted "O
unfamy where the general ticket system prevails.
Another great benefit wwch would arise from tha
district system, wou'd be, to give a voice to the
minority, that otherwise wou'd be effectually
si'enced under the general ticket system Minoi-
ities were the consei native power of the county;
and they ought not to be deprived of their voice in
the Nation U Legislature
This was heretofore the true Democratic ptm-
e.p'e, but now, it seems, it is not Democratic enough
for Congress
Mr WRIGHT was influenced by a sence of
duty to occupy Ihe time of the Senate for a snort
period He was glad he bad the opportunity so
early in 'he day, as he hoped to get through within
an hour, so as not to prolong the day'o discusión
inconveniently. He was surprised at su„h a pro-
visn n as the «econd clause m this bill being urged
at this time . but for this the Senate was not, of
course, responsible. He could not help thinking it
strange that, for the first time since the commence-
ment of this Government, Congress should be called
upon to exercise a Dower which, if it exists at all,
it ha* not hitherto been considered either wise or
exped.ent to exercise, and no reason hid been
shown for its exeicise now. He read from the Con-
stitution that part of the fiist article which says
" Eepiesenta'i/es and direct taxeo shall be appor-
tioned among the seveial States, according to tneir
respective number-. "
It 1-, the right 01 the Home to organize í'self; and
all the Senate can do is to assist in regulating the
number cf which the He use shall con? st.
Mr. W here entered into a genual review of
the arguments adducpd by the Senator from Con-
necticut [Mr. Huntlnqton] from the deoa'es in
conventions; and, from the same authorities, icd
numerous passages leading to an opposite con-
c'UMon, ar.d establishing the fret that the general
understanding of the time was, that Congress was
not to act till the S'ates declined to act, or had
acted in a manner subversive of the popular r gh*s
secured ly the Constitution to the people. He
«howed tnat ^even of the oil tii rteen States, in
idtify.ng the C nstuution, protested agamst the
power a sumed by Congrcs >o interfere wiih the
ime, ip?nner, and p'ace of election i,i the States
He showed that, al'housh Cong e-. mav make
01 alter insulations wi h ieg<trd n ¡'self, it cannot
orde the S ate L"gis!a;ures to ol e/. To compel
the S'ates, by ¡he 1 su" of a manr'amus, *o make
such laws as vvll carry out the older of Congress,
would be a volent usurpation, for which ti-ere
was not the slightest shadow of au'honty in the
Constitution.
He read the amendment to f'ie second clause of
the bill propo ed by ihe Judiciary Committee, ,nd
d'ked what would if amount to. Suppose a fcfate,
having the district system, refut.es to obey the die'
tation of Congress, and elects her Representatives
by the general-ticket system: would Congress have
any authority to deny those Representatives the
right to their places m the other House? He dis-
carded all the idea, that if Congress may exercise.
a power, but does, not choo«e to do so, it may issue
its order to the States to exercise ihe power, an4
that the States are bound to obey the mandate.
He next controverted the arguments in favor of
Congress having the power of directing the "time?,
manner, and place" of holding elections in <he
several States; the proposition at present not being
to interfere with the time or place, but with the
"manner." He asked what authority there was
to assume that the word "mannei" included the
question of voting in districts or by general ticket!
It cannot be competent for Congress to decide for
the States who, among their citizens, shall be the
voters who may vote for all the members to be
elected, or for only one of ¡hem. He objected fo
any assumption of this power; but more particu-
lar!} as it could not be shown that it was imperi-
eusly necessary to assert and exercise it now more
than ever.
The party in power mav conceive it more condu-
cive to its interest to establish this district system;
and it may be adopted But, before there is tune to
perfect the aieasure, suppose a different party come
into power, and conceive it to be its interest to
change it, and it is changed: what fluctuation and
instability would be the consequence! It would
lead to a change at every new Congress. He spoke
in reference to 110 party, but to the tendency to
proJ jce ¡his action by every succeeding Congress.
The people will impute this change to a last effort
te maintain power for two years longer. It will
harass and oppress them; and they will repudiate
it. What portion of the people where the general-
ticket system prevails, had called for this change?
Was it Georgia, or any other State? What State
complained of the general-ticket sys'em, that could
not make the change itself, if it wished for it? He
would vo e with the committee for its amendment
first, and ¡hen, with his whole heart, to strike out
the whole section.
Of 58 counties m the State of New York, one
only comes up to the ratio now inserted in the bill.
The county of Oneida would send one member,and
have a fraction of 14. The city of New York
would have 4 members. Tbe State would bare to
be cut into 34 Congressional districts. But when (he
scattered location of these counties is considered,
it will be found that the whole system of elections
in the State will be deranged—for the State elec-
tions and Congiessionai elections, according to the
present regulations of the State, are held on the
same day and m the same places. He showed
bow mischievously and iniqui'ously such a system
would act He asked what had been the conse-
quences in Philadelphia of districting that city, but
thegrossest frauds in voting from district to district.
Ther<5 was engendered a gerrymandering vice that
nerer can be cared, if the district sytem is adopted.
It was the parent of the colonizing principle, which
sends vo'ers to sleep in a district where they have
no babi'ation, that they may voté*where they have
no right to vote. The only way is to leave to the
government of the State it-elf the cure for such
evils as, from circumstances, it may be neces-
sary to correct.
Whence this action? Who has called for it?
% hat portion of tbe people have complained of
being oppressed by their own State Governments?
He entreated the Senate fo consider well, was it
wise and expedient to pa^s this law, with such a
clause, ieft.ng aside the question of Ihe power of
Congress to m trod tic in 0 it such a clause at all.
Mr. HENDERSON obtained the floor, but
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the apportionment
bill (it being 5 o'clock) was laid on the table, for
the puipose of taking up the resolution, to the con-
sideratonof which he had otj e'ed on yesterday,
submitted by the Senator from Mame, [Mr. Evans,]
as follows
-Resohed, That, until ottiTwisc oidered, tbe iame number
of mes-en^ers, laUoien., and pages, enployed in tne Senate
f liaraher, and the office of the Secretary of the Senate, 6e con
tinu-d at the rate of daily compensation now allowed then*
and that thecierk in the office of the presiding officer be «on
unued at the same rate now allowed.
