CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            8W
Mr EVANS said the passage of this resolution
bad been rendered necessary, m consequence of a
provision in the appropriation bill, restricting the
application of appropriations to such officers only
as are permanent, or aie expressly authorized by
resolutions of the two Houses. No such resolu-
tion had been passed. Several messengers and
clerks, whose services are necessary, have been
heretofore paid out of the contingent fund, but the
Secretary does not feel himself authorized to do
so, under mat c'aure in the bill
Messrs. BUCHANAN, KING, SEVIER, CAL-
HOUN, GRAHAM, and ALLEN, saw no neces-
sity for a clerk to the presiding officer; and Messrs.
EVANS, WHITE, and KERR, contended that 
clerk had been allowed heretofore, and might, with
propriety, be continued.
Mr. BUCHANAN moved to amend the resolu-
tion, by sinking out that part authorizing the con-
tinuance of such a cletk, and to so modify it as to
allow him for such amount as may now be due
him for his services.
The resolution was thus amended, and agreed to.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 31, 1842
Mr. MILLER of Missouri laid on  the Clerk'3
table, under the rule of the House, the following
peii ion1;, viz.
The petition of J. L Hen«haw, William Mil'er,
and others praying Congress to estaolish a post-
road from Tren^n, B uff Grove post office, in
Grundy county, Missouri, to William Mdier"s
mills, on Grand river: referred to th* Commi'tep on
the Post Office ar-d Post Roads
Petition of Allen McLane, John C. Morris, and
others, asking Congress to establish a post-road
from Platte city, Missouri, to the seats of justise of
Buchanan, Andrew, and Holt count es, m «aid
State: referred to the CoJimutee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. GW1N offered n resolution providing that,
on Monday next, and thereafter, during the present
session of Congress, the House will meet at 10
o'clock, a m.: adopted.
On motion by Mr. RAYNER, ten thousand
extra copies oí the report of the Committee on
Commerce, on the commercial intercourse of the
United States with foreign nations, were ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BUTLER of Souih Carolina offered a
resolution deeding an inquiry m'o the expediency
of establishing a road route ¡n South Carolina;
which  a^ agreed to.
Mr. BOWNE presented the pett'ion of fifty-six
snhabiiants of Otsego county, New Yoik, praying
a revision of the tariff, which was re<erred to ihe
appropr ate committee
Mr. CAMPBFLL of South Carolina, fiom the
Commitiee ¡or the X> sfict of Co'umiia, repor ed a
bill to suppress the v nding of lo'terv tickets in tne
Distric oí Columbia; which was rean twice, re-
ferrel to the C >mmittee ot the Whole House, and
ordered to be printer.
Mr STUA.RT of Illinois, on leave, presented
the proceeding  fl^ a public meetmp recently h ld
in the third congressional distrirt of Illinois, con-
taining res luMois recommending the pa s ge of
such a tariff bill as will provide for the debts and
ordinary expens s cf the Government, also recom-
mending a reduction of the public exoenditures,
commencmi wnh Cnngre s, the rejaction ot the
pay and m leagp cf members of Congress, and the
abolishment of the franking pr vil.ge, except du-
ring tne sess ons of Congress. The resaluti >ns hav-
ing be n read,
Mr CAVE JOHNSON moved 'o lay them on
the table, which was ggie-id t3                    *
THE ARMY BILL
On motion by M. FILuMORE, the House re-
solved íuelf into Committee of ft"  Whole, (Mr
TJndfrwood of Kentucky in tne chai,,) and re-
sumed ihe consideiat on of the bi 1 making appro-
priations for the support of the army for the year*
1843
Mr. McKEON, wno held the floor from yester-
day, resumed and concluded his remarks. After
stating the several propositions before the commit-
tee—that of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
W. B Campbell ] of ihe gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. McKay,] and of his col'eague,
[Mr Roosevelt,]—he «aid he should prefer such
a reduction as would bring down the army 10
2,000 less iban u was proposed to bp reduced by
his colleague, inasmuch «is great expense would
thereby be wed. But we were met by arguments
against ai y reduction of the.present forces of the
country. We were told that the present position I
of our internal and external relations forbids such a
step. On yestetiay he had met the mam objections
of the gentlemDi from Massachusetts, [Mr. Cosh-*
ins.] VVbeii he asked that gentleman if war was
probable, be could get no answer The gentleman,
however, admitted" in his published speech, that
war was not probable. He would take up the
position assumed by the gentleman, that if we
reduced our army, $rgo we could net compete with
England-—that her forces were so grea' as to en-
able her to overpower us. He was not to be
frightened by any such considerations. Our army
at present was neither upon a peace nor on a war
establishment. The gentleman from Massachu-
setis, speaking of the effect of the proposed reduction,
asked "What would be the question in the heart
of L-~rd Ashburton and his instructor, Lord Aber-
deen' Would it not be, 'How far can Great
Britain ms,st on these questions; how tar is the
United St?tes disponed to concede them, and how
far is the United Slates in a cond lion to insist on
them, and to battle me if Í ms «t on these ques-
tions'*' How were eciditions to be extolled from
a po'/erful ¿id proud rival 01 the Uiited States'?"
He would answer ihe que*'ions of the gent e-
mai , dj putting similar questions to Great Britain.
Ho"/ tai %as she in a situation to insist 01,00 her
claims ? L ok at her tnterril condition There
was no country in the world which exhibited a
mor  striking instance oí great power, which was
toppling from Us very bottom. She had nine mil-
lions oí J rub subjects, t.ho were now, and would
continue to be, in a state oí quasi insurrection.
Tney were obedient to the vece of the man who
had led them thus far on the road to the attainment
of their just right —a man who had more moral
influence t^an twenty-five regiments of Bnti*h sol-
diers—a man who would face, with h s moral
power, all the arms of England That man has
produced a stat* 01 thing  spoken oí in the Bntisn
House ot Commons, when it was pipdicted that
the time wouli come « hen prmctpl's shoul 1 b°
substituted for arus Tras was ihe situation of
one portion of the British dominions. What was
the situation of their own ís'and? He would not
count ihe men there who hai faisea their vuces
again11 the oppresMons of the Government by
thousands— her name was mi lions Already had
three m lltons of Chaitist^ niited in a petition to
the Ei i h Ft lament, ca l,ng for rad cal chang s
in the Government, the rights- of univeisal suffrage,
&c. The wa/es of p >pali r in ligoalion were bt?t
wg with fury apa nsi iba1 Gotcr¡.ment—Hid this,
too, at >'s very dooi
Bui what was 'ser conditi r in another part of
tie wo,Id—n Chm-i? *! e was te-e'e cirry ng ci
a wa ■iga nst rmriads of cen more civilized,
s ro'igcr, and mo e able to u^is ner, thin sh"
iTiagmei Tney dm pit pesses> the- seience of
war, yet, '«eh ftete iheu number*-, tl at it wou d
ba wi h difñcii y that mey conk! be oxerecme
Tie history of South Americi l'seir afforded an
instance of the difficul*/ of subduing savages who
w re p wer'ul in numbers. Look, loo, at lidia,
wuh bet bj.n red ami more mil'ions of inhabit
arts, kei t m subjection l> 98 000 B'> ish sol-
diers L"t ¡t be co. «.tder°d wnat an immense
force is reqaiied to pieserve ¡host possessions to
the Dbg'ish, ana how the pe iple there a e rising to
th os off he ch ins iba b'nd th"m to British au
f rity. Let it be recollected hev firm tne peop'e
wei in th" r ra ive m >nr a 11% and how " ej h id
rou ->d and sal 'u d 13,000 B-1'1 h troops Ore
bundle tm il.ons o> people, armed nith th" con
sciousneis ot 'n° wrongs perpetrated upen th'P
unoftendirg hsads, d lendng their country agams
attempt to suolue the remnant of their freenom,
woulf indeed be hard to contend with It seemed
asif retributive justice were coming upon Eng-
land, and the wrongs described by Hastings avenged
by the peasant and shepherd population of the
Affghans
Nor was there any good understanding between
England and France. The Governments of the
two nations were eyeing each other with care, and
waichmg every movement connected with the arm/
and navy of each other
What was the situation of English affairs on this
side of tne Atlantic? Thousands of British subjects
m Canada were ready for   insurrection at any
moment, and had to be kept down by force. Twen-    *
ty-four regiments were stationed m Canada, to pre*
vent the peiple from rising up against th  author-
ity of the Government.   If, then, England were to
commence a war with this country, from what por-
tion of ihe country ,vere her troops to come?   Dan-
iel O'Connell had declared that, in the event of a
war with the United States, he should recommend
it to his countrymen not to aid England against us.
And were there no difficulties m England to con-
tend with?   As ojssla^les to the raising of troops
there, he would mention her civil and political dis-
turbances, the vast expense of her present estab-
lishment; and last, not least, the tremendous effort
now making to resuscitate the credit of the country
by a tax upon the aristocracy of the kingdom. The
fact that Lord Ashburton was here did not frighten
him, and, he thought, should not have any influ-
ence upon  the deliberations of Congress    That
ambassador would not, he imagine 1, be influenced
by our movemen's m making any negotiations, but
by tne con&t.lution of his own country.    He had
t& d, not long since, that he  bel eved the mission.
v onld amount to nothing.    He confessed that his
fears we e somewhat revr-oved, and he now began.
to hope for the best    The minister who introduced
n  tax in Parliament  stated that he believed the
amicable relations existing between England and
the Unites States would  be preserved.   If, how-
ever, Lord  Ashburton looked at our condition,
if he thought of the celebrated picture drawn by
Cann.ng of (he English nation, he wouid be mis-
taken m his captation, of our weakness, and his
own nation's s.rength     The p cture of Canning,
w^erem he described the English people as seated
on a throne above all others of the earth, was true
then—not so now    That country >va3 now rife with,
the elements of discord and confusion. Did he look
to the United States, he would find a treasury am-
ply  sufficient for our purposes, although it had
been lemporanly exhausted  by a system of wild
extravagance     H" would see an immense terri-
tory populated by 17,000,000 of industrious citizens.
Let him not be misled by the idea that the spirit of
disunion  was giinng giouid amongst  us.    He
(Mr McK ) believed the Union w?s never firmer
than at present. There never was a time when there
was  more ratnoli«m in the country, and on every
question  in   which there was a diffe'cnce  with a
forei n coun ry, we pre emed an undivided front.
There  was   a  u*n<wimitY of feeling which could
be more ¡e led on th in a m'hon < f oayorets; and
he  m ght  venture to p«sure Lord Ashburton that
tWs man mi y exfni'e1 to   ?ll questions pending
b      eea  .he  t vo  Gnvernmeit'-,  from  ihe Maine
h un^ry to  the case of th* Creole     He was for
Fe?"e, but neace u^on honorable tTms
Tne question of the Mame boundary had been
ao'y Rigued by the geni'eman from Maine [Mr.
Ioaell] on yesterday. He would say to the peo-
ple of fhut State, Settle the question a« you will, we
will stand by you. Ho adraued the spirit which had
been manilested by ihe representatives from that
State, who said to the Bntiah Government, as Ña-
póle n o>~ce sad tb?t th ir petp'e were not to be
nought on like strck in the m-iiket He did not
biassed 1 nders ,>r> I t e questi n but believed the
State of Maire had a right to ihe disputed tern-
ary H" tb*e? out the suggestion whether it
v ou'd not be b'tter to tike some equivalent for the
I lurd—-s"ch as the navigation o'' the river S . John's,
o   the iish   to f sh in u c waters of Great Britain.
Tne gieai question wis the land for which they
were coitendiug. Whether, however, they settled
it b> obtaining the ngot of n vi«at,on, of fishinj,
or the land itself, he w«s wil'.ng to stand by them,
upon whatever ultimatum they might agree. He
believed that the negotiation of the Mame qaestioa
