leo
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Great Britain. He did not believe it was ucessa-
ry to keep up a large military establishment m or-
der to preserve the respect of foreign nations. It
was all a humbug He would be as willing to en-
ter into negotiations with Great Britain, or any
otler power, if we had not a single major general,
or even a single soldier, as if we had tbe largest
army in the world. We had other means of com-
manding the respect oí the world besides an army,
and that was in the resources of the country and
the strength arising out of our free institutions.
He had raiher look to the intell'gpnt yeomanry of
the coun ry than to a standing army for protection
«gainst foreign aggression. Indeed, he did not be-
lieve that a navy was necessary for the protection
o/ our commercial intercourse with other nations.
After some further remark  in favor of the
amendment, Mr. W. devoid the remainder of the
time he occupied the daor to a discussion of the
resolutions offered by his colleague [Mr Black]
and himself in relation to the United States troops
in Georgia,and the correspondence between the Gov-
ernor of thai State and the Secretary of War on
tbat subject [During this portion of his. remarks,
sevwil explanations took place between him and
Mr BLACK]
Mr. WARD then obtained the floor.
Mr BLACK requested the gentleman from New
York to give him the opportunity to reply to the
remarks of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Warren ]
Mr. WARD said he would yield the floor with
the understanding that he did not loose his right
tp it.
The CHAIRMAN intimated tbat he could not
segure the gentleman from New York the floor, if
he yielded it.
M>. BLACK, however, was allowed, by gen-
eral conssnt, to proceed; and he replied at some
length   to the remarks of tiis   colleague, [Mr.
Mr WARREN, at the close of Mt. Buck's
remarks, obtained perm s ion to explain, and some
discussion ensued between him and Mr. BLACK.
Mr, WARD then entered into the discussion on
the ¡subject before the House; but at the late houi
at which the House adjourned, only a brief refer-
ence to some of his positions can be given.   What,
he inquired, was the object of this Government?
Why  did tbey come theie together m a perfect
union?   Wbat   was   their end and   aim     Was
it   not   the   common    defence   of   the   whole
Union?     And   what   did   they b ar  on   every
side,  m rcfereiKe to tbe  common defence of the
Union foi which they came there, and this Govern
ment wa< formed, and to whieheveryih ng else was
incident?   They beaid anything rather than that
Which brought them, together.    They had, to   be
sure, power to legulate the Post Office estab'i h
ment,  to regulate commerce, and to coin money,
all this was expressed in tte Constitution, and ihe
party with which he acted was willing to go for
every thmg tbat was specified there, and for noth-
ing   eise, and   hence  thev   were  opposed   to a
Bank  of   the   United   States,   for   ibey   found
nothing   m    the.    Con titution   authorizing   this
"Government   to   pass a  la-v  for   the   es ablish-
ment   oC a Bdnk  of the  Uniied States, hence,
also, they were oppose 1 to internal lmprrvemen s
But when they crme to toe vay oojtct for wh ch
this Government was ¡nstau ed—fie common de-
fence cf the Uiroa—he whs aatoii lied to find i^t
even the Representatives oi  the great commercial
cities were rawing theii /oicea against that com
«non defence    He (Mr Ward) nad t e honor to
represent a district adjoining a great commercial
city (New York) which was bounded on  th  one
side by the Hudson river, and on the o'her by tpe
East river and the Sound,  and consequently tney
were assailable, and, therefore, he felt oim'.elf pos-
sessing a cwiEon infr  t  stiih  |t¡at grest c ty,
near which he was situated     But what  v.  s their
object?    Were (f-ey cnmtn^ there to in«*r a c  tne
standing arm}1   No, the} < d not cot e  (nreuith
thatobj-ct    He (VIr. W) «as ippose) toil    He
was awa-e tbat a p.ejuáic existed agaiu-,' a s aid-
ing army.   Tney knew how and i-hen  jt  hed Us
. oxigin, and they knew tbat it was looked upon <js
«dangerous institution; and they liked not that an
individual, on enteringmto the service of the coun-
try, should divest bimseJfsof his citizenship He
(Mr. W.) was not m favor of a large standing
army in this, the only legitimate free Government
on earth; but they should keep up a sufficient mili-
tary force for the protecion of the country They
had an extennve frontier, on which were 60,000
warriors, and, for the protection of the Western in-
habitants of this Union against those savages, one
gentleman bad conceded that the two regiments of
dragoons were necessary ! Would they, then, dis-
band tbe infantry? In every point of view, he
deemed it unwise ahd iadjscreet( especally in ihe
peculiar state of our foreign relations There
were, however, manifest signs in that Hsuse tbat
the army must go, and not alone, by fragments,
there were gentlemen opposed to the army, and
otners who were opposed to the navy, and some
who were averse to a tariff—and every gentleman
opposed to a tariff would vote against the army.
What, then, was to be done? Was the army to be
destrojed for the purpose of saving a few millions
of dollars? If the army were destroyed for that
purpose, the navy must follow, by which it had
been said some $15 000,000 ,would be saved. In
the same spirit, the d.p'omatic corps must be dis-
banded Already tbe inquiry had been made,
"What necessity was there for any foreign mims-
teis?" But, by and-by tbe people would force those
reductions further, and say "Gentlemen, you have
eigat dollars a day—down with your pay"
The people would speak, too, of their forty
cents a mile for travelling. One gentleman on
that floor had complained of the smill sum of ten
cents a mile being psid to an officer for bis re-
moval from sorne Western station as exorbitant
and extravagant, while that same member received
forty cents per mile for coming to this place. The
people would look to this.
The honorable gentleman pursued this subject
long and ably.   He explained the circumstances
under which certain officers bad been brevted.
He traced the rise and progress, and dwelt lucidly
on the efficiency and present state of tbe militia, on
which gentlemen had said the country must rely
for  its  protection  and   defence.    He recapitu-
lated   the efforts made  by a late  Government
for its reorganization, and  the undeserved odium
which had   been   reflected   on Mr  "Van Buren
on  that subject, and he  enforced the  necessity
of keeping up a well-d^ciplined army of tbe exist-
ing numoer as a nucleus for  the formation of an
effieient army in lime of war.   The policy of this
country was peace, and he wished the day would
arrive when, in all the nations of the earth, there
w( uld be war no more.   But a knowledge of them-
selves—and the proper study of mankind 11 man—
would satisfy them that there was much in human
nature to dispel the illusion  that a state of undis-
turbed harmony bad arrived whose perpetuity was
secure
Mr. HALSTED next obtained the floor, but
he gave way for a motion that tbe committee rise,
which was carried in the affirmative
Mr FILLMORE then submitted a resolution, to
fur-n part of the 123d rule, to the effect that it
should be m order, in Committee of the Whole, ftr
any member to move that the pending question
should be then taken, and, if such motion were
carr ed, the question should be taken wi'hout
iurther debate
Mr PROFFIT and otners sbjected to the re-
c°ption of the re olution
Mr   FILLMORE gave notice that ha should
renew tie motion at the first convenient oppor-
tu-ity
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE
WErmSDAY, June 1, 1342.
Wr ALLEN presented a memorial of cit zens
of it 1 vicint y of Tt ü), O 10, asking ihe n mo
val cí me port of entry irom th  ci y of Maura'e
it tt e city o' T ¡ledo, which wat, refeired   o   he
Conn tt eon Commerce
Mr ALLEN piesented additional papers m
sup; ort of the c'a m rf David Itibb, for indem-
n ty for services rendered and expenses incurred
by him m effecting a ratification of treatie, with
the Shawnee Indians; which, with tbe decuments
now on the files of tbe Senate relating to that
c'aim, were referred to the Committee on Indian
Affaifs.
Mr GRAHAM presented a petition from Mary
S. Ma«sie, executrix, and Robert H. Miller, exe*tt-
tor, of John W. Ma^sie, deceased, praying pay-
ment oi claim for hardware furnished tbe United
States: referred to tbe Committee on Claims.
The PRESIDENT pro tent presented a memo-
rial from Amos Kendall, of the city of Washing-
ton, praying relief from the effect of a judgment
of $11,000, obtained against him by Stockton and
Stokes, m consequence of official acts done by him
as Postmaster General, in refusing to pay over to
them $122 000 extra allowances, which he did not
bebeve they were entitled to referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary
The PRESIDENT pro tern laid before the Sen-
ate a communication irom the Treasury Depart-
ment, covering a statement of the number of clerN
in the several offices of the Treasury Department,
during the year 1841, and the compensation o£
each; made in compliance with the act of Con-
gress fixing the compensation of the different of-
ficers of the Executive Departments: ordered to
lie on the table and be printed
Mr. YOUNG presented the proceedtngs.of a pub-
lic meeting, held in Morgan county, Illinois, on ibe
subject ot the tariff, of expenditures of pabtie
money, congressional economy, and short sessions;
which were referred to the Committee on Retrench-
ment.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, to which had, been referred the petition
of Barclay & Livingston, praying the allowance
of a register for a foreign vessel purchased by
them, reported a bill to authorize the issue of a
register for the brig Gnlnare; which was read
twice, and, having been considered as in commit-
tee of the whole, was reported again to the Sen-
ate, and ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing
Mr MERRICK, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, made an adverse report on the peti-
tion of Henry McKavett, for himself and other
officers of tbe United States array, praying to be
indemnified for losses sustained by a hurricane
while in camp m Florida; which was ordered to
he on the table, and be printed.
Mr BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back to the House, withont
amendment, House bills for the relief of John Ran-
dall and Charles York; for the relief oí James
Morrow and Jonathan Tipton ; and for the relief
of Henry D Defree* and Stephen Jenney.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which had been referred House bill for
the relief of David Al.spach, reported the same
back, with a recommendation tbat it be indefinitely
postponed.
Mr. BAGBY, on leave, introduced a bill to ex-
plain and amend "An act to provide for paying for
horses and other property lost and destroyed m the
military service of the United States," approved Jan-
uary 18, 1837; which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr HENDERSON, on leave, introduced a
joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of the
f reasury to ¡,et le the indebtedness of Gordon D.
Boyd, which was read twice, and referred to tbe
Committee on Finance
Mr. BAYARD asked that the Senate would
take up for consideration ihe resolution for the ap-
pointment of a corps of reporters
Mr BUCHANAN was afraid that, if the resolu-
tion was taken up, it might lead to debate, and in-
terfile «ith the apportionment bill
Mi BAYARD said it would not take much
tim , at any rate And the resolution was taken
uo and read, ^? follow
Reio'ved, That the Secretary of the Senate oe and he is
neiehy, directed to e-nploy a coi pa of reponéis not exceeding
five in number foi the rwidue of <he p,aseot «essíon, ana 
the coiniTOíicemení of each succeeding session m Congress, to
report the p ooeeiiit g<¡ and substance of the detu esof tto Sen-
ate who si a 1 be sworn oi aftrmed fai hfully to disclame the
duties of their office, and shall be alio ved a compensation? tftl 
paid out of the fund for the contingent expenses, not exCeedipg
sixty dollars ptr week for the prmcip it importer, and^#dof
lars per weels for each of the others,   The business of rep«*
