CONGRESSIONAL. «LOBE.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.
---------WEEKLY---------
PRICE $1 PEE SESSION.

MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1842.
Volume 11--.No. 36
Continued from No 35.
lpg shall be so conducted, that the entire report of the>rnceed
ings and debates of each day shall, within three hours after
the adjournment, be placed m the hands oí the printer The
publication ef the report shall be committed to the publishers
of such one of the daily papers as will engage, free from all
charge—1st To publish the entire report m their daily papers,
2d To furnish proof slips thereof to any other papel m the
District of Columbia, and, 3d To furnish two copies of the le
port, for the use of each member of the Senate, by 9 o'clock on
the ensuing morning
Resolved, That a seat on the floor of the Senate shall be as
signed to the reportet actually on duty, by the Piesident of the
Senate
Mr. BAYARD said he did not know that it was
necessary to say much on the resolution, as the
subject was before the Senate at tbe last session,
was debated, and then received ihe support of a
large numbei of Senators. It might be apparent
to every one that it was exceedingly necessary and
proper that the views which are entertained by
such a body as the Senate m relation to the affairs
of the country, and ihe policy proper to be pursued
to best preserve Ihe interests of the country, should
be known, and it was apparent, from the meagre
history of the debates at this session, that the views
of the Senate were not known. Senators are often
under the necessity of giving votes, wh ch appear
on ihe record, yet do not explain themselves The
resolution, it would be perceived, propoced to
employ a corps of reporters, fve in number.
They would not all be present at (he same time, but
a single one would be attendance at a time. Ttia1
one would perform tae service for thirty or forty
minutes, and retire fcr the purpose of writing out
the notes. It takes five times as long to write
out the matter taken down in debate, a3 it does to
taue the notes. Therefoie, it would be perceived
that one of the five repor'ers would be always
prepared to relieve- the one on duty, whether the
time he be on duty be twen y or forty mmu es.
Mr B. said no mafnal alteration would be re-
quired in thf arrangement oí the chamber, (as was
thought wou'd be necessary when tbe subjtct was
presented at the last session,) as but one reporter
would be on duty at a time. He could occupy ihe
seat now occupied by the assistant door keeper,
where he would be enabled to hear distinctly everj
word uttered in any part of the hal'. Tnerefore
no extra expense was necessary in making a dif-
ferent arrangement of the ball The m.\, expease
that would be incurred would be $260 per week to
pay the reporters. Tic p'an could be tried this
session, and, if found not to give satisfaction, thsy
could abandon it at the close. He had no doubt
that the plan p-oposed, if ined, would be highly
acceptable to the Senate and tj the community.
He proposed to modify the resolution, so as to re
quire that the pub! sher shall also send five copies
of the debates to the office of the Secretary of the
Senate.
The resolution was modified accordingly.
The question being on the adoption of the reso-
lution—
Mr. SWTH of Iidiana said h  did not r.se to
debate the proposition Hs was decidedly op-
posed to it in all its form-, and asked thu the vote
be taken by ye<ts and nays.
Mr KING was m favor of the employment of
a corps of reporter, in o>"uer that the proceedings
might be fairly presented to the country, and if a
plan, property m .tur d to attain that object, was
presented, he wou d not be opposed to it. But he
did not think the p'an no<v presented would re-
sult to the satisfae ion of the Senate. He did not
think the chairman had fixed upon one which
would prove practicable In the fir ' place, five
reporters are to be aopoin'ed b? th- Secretary, and
thera will be ' o one individual responsible—each
one acting for himself. It won d be better for a
principal reporter to be appointed, with me pri-
vilege of employing fmi or five other-- to be under
his supervision or management The prmcipal
reporter should be an individual in whom we
couid have the greatest confidence The object in
having a corps of reporter  would be to make
the debates public; and if no printer would under-
take the publication as was proposed in the reso-
lution, the wWe object would be defeated.
Mr. BAYARD would remark, m the first place,
in reply to the Senator from Alabama, [Mr King,]
that there would be no want of responsibility on
tbe part of the corps, because it was contemplated
to have a principal reporter, uhose business it
wouli be to overlook the others This was of
course a matter of detail. He had no doubt the
S<cretary, upon whom wutsid cevolve the duty of
appointing the reporters, would take care that the
whole matter would be properly conducted. It
mi^ht be that he h ould employ the principal re-
porter, (and give the power to such reporter to em-
ploy the remainder,) who would be responsible to
him for the conduct of his employees. It would be,
at any rate, an office of a day; and if such as were
employed should not piove competent, or should
not give satisfaction, they could be discharged on
the instant. The Secretary would be respon&ib'e
for those he would employ, and would, no doubt,
employ an efficient corps. With regard to the
other mat'er—ihe publication of the debater—he
would only say that the committee would not have
ventured to report favorably on the plan, without
first ascertaining the fact that ihe primers would be
will ng to publish the debates They had made in-
quiry, and it was on the p an propo ed by the
editors of the Globe that the committee had based
their report After considering the plan ot the=e
editors, the committee had come to die conclusion
that it was the b<st mode that could be adopted.
The expenses which would be incurred by putting
i into operation would not exceed the saving which
had been made th'S session m the contingent fund.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana said he would mod.fy
h's motion. By way of a test vote, he would move
to lay t'.e resolu ion on the table, and on that mo-
tion demanded the yeas and nays. The yeas and
nays wire ordered.
Mr BUCHANAN said he would vote for the
motion to laj the resolution on the taole—not be
cause he was opposed to the resolution, but because
it was his desne to proceed to the consideration of
the orders of the day.
Mr. KING hoped the resolution would be pass-
ed bj informally. Mr. K. said he should vole to
¡ay it en the table—not because he vas opposed to
the reso'ufon, but because it wan ed modification.
The question was, huwever, taken, and the resolu-
tion was la.d on the tabl^, on yeas and nays, by
me f< llowmg vote.
YEAS—Mes rs Al'en, Bjaby, Barrow, Bites Benton, Bu-
chanan Calhoun CUyton Crafts Cuthbert Fulton Giatum,
Hun mg'on, King McRobciN Miller Morehead, Sevnr, Smith
of Connecticut, bnutn of Indiana, juague, Stuiei-on, Tall
malge Tappan, White, Wilcox, Wooclbndge, Woodbury,
Wnght  md Yo ras—30
NA.YS— Messrs Aicher, Bayard, Beinen Crittenden, Evans,
Henderson, Linn, Manguin, Preston, and Rives—10
On n oil n, the Senate then proceeded lo consid-
er, a* in coTim ttee of the whole,
THE APPORTIONMENT BILL.
The question pending, «as the amendment of ihe
Judiciary Committee, proposing to strike from (he|
second section the words m biackels, and to insert
the word- m i alies, viz:
Sec 2 And be it fi itli"' enacted, That, in every case
when a State is enti lul to more than one Representative [die
number to which each Sta t. hall 1 e entitled undei this appor
tionment shall be elected by t'l  nets campo ed of contiguous
terntoiy Clud in nun ber to tne number of Represmativei to
v, hich sai 1 state may Le entitle 1—no one district electing moie
than oneRepiesentaüveJítn'i Iheetectwn m such State shall,
undei theldils, th re of be made by dtsli ¡els, such districts
shall le composed of con igaous terntoiy and each shall con
tain a reprcientativepopulation equal lo lite numlm which
by the euatine ratio ¿hall be i ruuiud for one fiMmber as
nearlj wi ?i aj be, and no one du,ti ict shall elect more than
one n  nler
Mi. HENDERSON remarked thtt.so far as the
question at issue affected Miwas-ipp., he felt little
solici ude about the clause in the bi 1, nor had he
any en any other account The proposed measure
rendering the system of electing Repreaentati/es for
the other House uniform, involved a question of
U
power in the hands of the Federal Government
over the States, which had engaged the attention
cf tbe people of the United States ever since the
beginning of this Government. It had excited sn
earlier interest than any which existed ai the date
of the journals read yesterday. What he proposed
to show, was, that this bill did not go farther than
was contemplated by the framers of the Constitution.
It had been said, that, m the amendment proposed
by the Judiciary Committee, nothing but the ex-
press power of the Constitution would be carried
out. There were only very few States in the
Union, which, however, could now be ¡"ffected by
the original clause, without the amendment; as he
believed there were not more than three or four
S'ates which had not adopied the district system by
their own action.
He referred to the record of débales in the
Federal Convention to frame the Constitution,
with a view of showing that General Pinck-
ney considered Ihe report of tbe committee con-
templated nothing else but the exercise of tbe
entire control, should Congress see fit to make
use of it, and the object of Mr. Pmckney's amend-
ment was to modily the propos.it on so that the
States shoidd have ihe regulation of time, manner,
and place of electing Representatives, should they
think proper to exercise it. This was voted down;
an t General Fmekney then proposed that the next
branch shovld be elected by the people in. the man-
ner in which the Legislatures shall direct. Had
this been adopted, it would have met the ideas of
those who now oppose this bill. Bui the proposi-
tion was not adopted; and at a subsequent stage
of the debate, the clause, as it now exists in the
Corstituuon, was agreed to.
He referred to the arguments brousht forward
yesterday by the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Wright,] as to the "manner" of holding elections.
He admitted that the Senator had used some of uis
arguments hypothe ically. Now, he drew from
the^e arguments a deduction the very reverse of
that drawn by the Senator from New York. The
S'rator assumed that, if the clause m ihe Connita-
tion relative to the times, manner, and place of
holding elections, do<-s not expressly reach to the
distnatmg of the States, any omission is an omis-
sion in fpvor of the States. His (Mr H.'s) infer-
ence was the reverse; for, as the Constitution, in
this respect, referred to the organ zation of the offi-
cers of the Federal Government, whatever omis-
s,iops were made were reserved to the Constitution
itself. This view of the case he argued at conüd-
dable length
He rdmttfd that there-was ano her argument,
wh ch was apparently of moie weight If wss,
tnat no matter what regulations th  S ales might
mak  in relation to tbe times, manner, and place
of electing members of Congress for the Federal
L-^lature, Congress had the power reserved to
it bv ihe Constitution of altering tho«e regulations;
and that this power to alter was tantamount to the
power of making a law regulating either the limes,
place, or manner.
This argument, however indefinite in appearance,
was reducible to a very clear and self evident
elucidation. It wa^ merely that Congress—should
any occasion present itself, m which experience
would have shown that it was n'-ces-ary to alter
sny one o the rcgulat ons made by the States m
the<e particulars of times manner, aid place—
m g'u exercise that power, forbearing to exercise it
in rega-d to others. The Senator from New York
had however, asked what would be the conse-
quence of a S ate now having the district system
<s ablished, changing its regulation to ihe gensral-
ticUet system, and electing its members of Con-
  ess thereby, instead of in the manner prescribed by
this bit', and would Congress refuse tbe members
thus elected their seats in the other House? His
answer to this was, that if such a case occarred,
the pt'M.ion would be this: the law of Congress re-
quires 'hat each member of the House of Reg-
