m<2
lesentatives shall be the Representative of a dis-
trict. If a person presents himself to be sworn in as
a member, and, when asked what district does he
represent, replies that he represents a State, and not
a district; he should be told he could not be
received, because the law says he shall represent a
district, and his credentials m anj other capacity
¿o not entitle him. to a seat.
He contended that any power to be exercised by
the Constitution, was to be exercised so as to act
equally, and produce uniformity. It could not,
therefore.be maintained that Congress should pa*s
a law which was to be imperative on some Stales
and inoperative m others; for this reason, he disap-
proved of the committee's amendment.
As to the illustiations produced yesterday by the
Senator from New York, from the reports of con-
ventions of several States convened to ratify the
Constitution, he (Mr. H.) contended that, no mat-
ter what was the opinion they chobe to entertain,
tney did ratify the Constitution, and they were
bound to abide by it.
He next entered into a general review of the ar-
guments m favor of the general-ticket system, and
proceeded at considerable length to refute them,
contending that expediency, republican principle,
and security of popular rights, were all m favor of
the district system, in preference to the general-
tickefsysfem
He denied the position taken by the Senator
from New York, that four or six large States could
successfully control the rest of lha States; became
there was a check in the Senate, where the small
States had a rrlajonty of representatives. Bat, in-
dependen of that consideration, there was a com-
munity unpopular feeling and interest between the
large andthesmallütates If the objection was worth
any thing at all, it was more potent against the
general ticket system than against the district sys-
tem This be maintained, by supposing many cases
in which ths same party could carry a majority in
several States, depriving the minority in those
States of any voice at all.
Mr WOODBURY observed that the immediate
qaes ion was not one necessary to the apportion-
ment at all, and he suggested the propriety, for that
reason alom?, of striking out the whole clause.
F¿r, whether constitutional or not, or whether ex-
pedient or not, was a questios which could be
made a matter of subsequent discussion, and, to
give time for deliberation, and to let it stand on its
own merits, 11 would be best to introduce the meas-
ure in a separate bill. Mr. W. here explained the
understanding of the Convention as to the introduc-
tion of ihe clause into the Constitution. Toe com-
munity at once took the alarm at the probable con-
sequences of such an exercise of power by Con-
gress, and to allav this alarm, the Federalist look
the broad ground that this clause was necessary for
the selt-preservation of the Government, and was
adopted for that purpose; but it was not intended
that the General Government should exercise the
power, unless the States refused to make the regu-
lations, or were incapacitated by circumstances
from doing it, or exercised it so as to destroy the
representative principle. He read passages from
the Fecteialist to show this. The true understand
ing then  a!, that Congress could, constitutionally,
only act when the States did not or could not act;
or acted fraudulently as to  representation itself.
This bill goes upon the presumption that the States
are either negligent, incapable, or refractory.
Suppose, toen, a State refuses to district as you
díctale, and C ngress issues its mandamus- it will
be blown sky high by the State to which it is ad-
dre S"d You do not send your army into any but
the smallest States, like Rhode Island, to coerce
them in respect to their own affairs. Would you
dare to dragoon in that way Virginia or Ohio? He
con'ended 'hat 'he power to alter could not consti-
tutionally be exercised by Congres , unless to cor-
rect a ea^e in which the popular right of election
had been impeded or violated He could not see
a right to alter, on any principle, different from the
power to make. Hp did not regard sovercgu
States as trained soldiers, to be dossed in a uri-
form livery as to every thing, and capable of being
«¡&Ued up by Congress, as by an order of drill ser-
geáajs, to review them and clip all their dress to
CONGtLESStONAL GLOBE.
our tr'm. The States are, by the Consntution, to
exercise their own machinery in electing their Rep-
resentatives and when they have sent them here,
it is not for Congress to inquire whether the ma-
chinery by which they were elected was uniform
and alike in all its construction, or not. He con-
tended that the power of Congress to regulate,
could not be exercised m any way but in a -particu-
lar ease of special and extraordinary wrong; but
that case might extend to one, two, or three States,
and should be charged then specifically on each.
As to the ' manner" of carrying on eltctiors, he
considered the arguments of ihe Senator from Mis-
sissippi forcible, but he (Mr. W ) contended that
particular cases of grievance must occur before
Congress could interfere, and then only particu-
larly, in reference to the grievance, and not gen-
erally, as to general principles, and confining legis-
lation only to such principles.
He next referred to the technical meaning of the
word alter, which was, to change partially, or m
part When we al'er a house, we do not erect a
new house; so, when you alter a law, jou can only
correct it in certain particulars, and ihen you carry
out the correction in full into details
This Government, during fifty years of its con-
tinuance, had gone through periods of war and
peace, and depression and prosperity, without
any proposition to alter the State systems in elec-
tions, and make this change What extraordinary
event had happened, or existed, that rendered it
more necessary now, than at any time during the
last half century, to rake up this slumbering pow-
er—if the power existed at all, to the extent im-
pl ed1 Was it not the true policy, that Congress
should, if a'termgat all, carry thiough its aliera-
tion He believed it could not order the Slates to
perfect a change, but must itself perfect it. Con-
gress had the power, or it had not. li the former,
then it must complete or hmsh the alteration in rU
details. The decisive proof of this is, that if a
State omitted 'o make any law to elect Represent
atives—as Rhode Island did under the old Con ed-
eration, and which led to this clause ¡n the bill—
Congress must, of course, if making a jegulation
for her, make the districts and details. So, if she
al'ers any exisiing State law or State system, sha
ought and must alter the details, and make the dis-
trict or dis'ricts she wishes, and as she wishes. The
power ex'ends to the whole, or does not exist at all,
and must be exercised as to the whole, or it will be
neglected or disobeved, &s no State is obliged to
obey your mandates, or finish your own work and
duty. Each Government must be efficient and per
feet in Us sphere. Thus, every revising body can,
and should, go no further than ¡he exigency re-
quires, but, as far as it goes, should finish us own
decrees Otherwise, the General Government ¡s
dependent on tne Stales, as vvell as the latter being
in other respects tnbu'ary to the General Govern-
ment.
How indelicate and offensive for us, without any
extraordinary or new emergency, and no special
default or malfeasance m any one State, to thrust
in our officious legislation; and this, under drcum-
stances where none—even the fathers who made
the Constitu'ion—neither soon after, nor smce, for
fifty years, have deemed it competent or wise thus
to overshadow Siate power, State policy, and S ate
rights.
Congress could not interfere, unless in great
exigencies; and those exigencies aa high io ¡asaty
altering as making regulations.
He could conceive but one reason for interfer-
ence, and that would be for the preservation of ihe
Government or the representative principle. But
no such case occurred now, for the Government is
going on as tranquilly as ever m election , and
without any new necessity for the exercise of any
such power as that which must be exercised if ihe
clause in this bill be adopted, ev>.n as proposed to be
amended.
He pointed out that the committee's amendment
would not correct any extraordinary evi1, nor ef
feet ary objeet but one hostile, in his opinion, to
th" spirit ot the Constitution, as Well as the wisest
J   expediency
Mr McROBERTS was opposed to the second
J   section of this bill, because he considered it a vio-
lation of the Constitution of the United States.
The Constitution vests in ihe two Houses of Con-
gress the legislation of the United S ates, subject to
the approval of the Executive. But there was no
power vested by the Constitution in Congress to
exercise any legislative control over the Legisla-
tures of, the several States.
He referred to several analogous cases decided
by the Supreme Court—for instance, with regard to
the exercise of legislative power by Congress to
confer jurisdiction on a State court or State magis-
trate, and he contended that, if Conrress cannot do
this, it cannot confer any jurisdiction or power on
State Legislatures.
He insisted that even Mr. Hamilton, with all his
aptitude to look wuh favor on the exercise of
power, never went beyond the assumption that it
was only in case of neglect, mes pacity, or the refusal
of the States to act, that Congress could act in
reference to the time, manner, or place of electing
Representatives.
IfCongress now exercises this power, where will
it end? What will become of the boasted sover-
eignty of ihe Stated
• Mr WÍLCOX objected to the clause under dis-
cussion, on the grounds of uncons'itntionahty. He
also objected on the ground of the inexpediency of
interfenng with the State3 without any direct
necessity. He had a further objection; it was, taat
if this bill were passed with such a clause, it would
be an incentive to such States as it would profess
to exercise control over, to resist its execution; and
it would thus lead to a collision with the General
Government, without any means, on the part of the
latter, to maintain its own ¡aw. He did not see
any necessity or propriety for this interference.
He thought it was an unconstitutional exercise of
power, and he should vote to strike out the section
when that question came up
Mr TALLMADGE observed, that in reference
to the remarks of his colleague [Mr. Weight] yes-
terday, about (he difficulties which would arise in
all attempis to adjust districts in the S'ate of New
York, he thought hi* colleague had imagined what
would not occur. He had been looking over the
census returns of the counties in that State, and he
certainly discovered that this adjustment could not
be made without dividing counties. But he was
not aware of any serious impediment, in practice, to
the divi ion of counties, ii was a thing which hith-
erto hed beea pract *ed ir the State upon particular
occasions lie enumerated some ms anees in wh'ch
counties had been so divided without any incon-
venience. And as to the gerrymandering com-
pla ned of, with regard to the city of New York, he
conceived that would be carried on whether the
city was districted or not, unless there was some
general law to prevent the practice
Believing that ihere was no constitutional doubt
of the power of Congress over the mattef, and be-
lieving that the plan proposed wou'd create uni-
formity and best secure popular rights, he would
vo'e in support of the clause under discussion.
Mr MERRICK observed that the people of Ma-
ryland were very much in favor of the district sys-
tem, but were opposed to any arrangement which
would oblige them to divide their districts- they
wished to le'am the right of regulating their own
districts themseives. He would therefore vote
against the Judiciary Committee's amendment, but
would voir in favor of the original clause.
Mr RiVES observed that, although he consid-
ered the letter of the Constitution was conclusive
that Congress possessed th s power, it did not seem
to him that the case existed which calle 1 for its ex-
ercise. Tnough the power given by the Constitu-
tion was understood to extend to other cases than
those of specific failure or refusal, yet the States,
in ratifying the Constitution, expressly stated their
understanding that the power should not be exer-
c.ied except in cases of failure or refusal; it ap-
peared to him that «would now, with a full know-
ledge of this understanding, bs a breach of good
faith to exercise the power when no such case of
failure or refusal exists
ihe want of umfoimity which is now complained
of, ha, exited from the beginning of the Govern-
ment down to the present day. He enumerated
many States which had changed from the general-*
