S66
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
formation ot the House; which was done accord-
[The 11th section provides that the pipes, lamps,
and other apparatus of the company, may be im-
ported duty free ]          ,                 , , , ,, t
Mr. ROOSEVKLT said it appeared to him that
there was an omission m draughting the bill, that
eugbt to be supplied. He proposed to amend it,
by .adding a proviso, that Congress may, at any
tune hereafter, modify or repeal thfract.
The SPEAKER said that the ameadment could
not be received bat by general consent.
Mr. UNDERWOOD hoped that, by general con-
sent, the 11th section would be stricken out, and
the amendment suggested by tbe gentleman fiom
Hew York [Mr. Roosevelt] be accepted. He
was anxious to get pn with tbe District business,
and hoped that no further delays would take place.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina suggested
to the gentleman that he had just bsen informed by
the Mayor of the city that the charter would not
be accepted without the lltn section.
Mr. COOPER of Georgia moved to lay the bill
on tbe table; which motion was carried—yeas 92,
nays 70, a¡> fellows:
YEAS—Messrs Arlington, Atherton Aycngg, B'ack,Bowne,
Boyd, Brewster, Aaron V Biown, Chailes ilrown, Buike,
Green W Caldwell John Campbell, Casey, Clifford, Ciu ion,
Coles, Mark A ^ooper, Daniel, G Davis, Richaid D r ™,
Bean, Deberry, Iloin, Dojg, Eastman, Egbert, Everef I C
Floyd, Charles A Floyd, A L Foster, Gerry, Gilmer, \vil.
Iiani O. Goode, Granger, Gwin, Hall, Holmes, Hopkins,
Houck, Houston Hubard, Hunter, Chas J Ingersol!, Jack,
Cave Johnson, Keim, King, Lane, Lewie, Littlefield, Abraham
McCIellan, McKay, McKennan, Alfred Marshall, Mattocks,
Medil), Miller, Mitchell, Oliver, Payne, Pendleton, Kamsay,
Alexander Randall, Rayuer, Read, Reding, Reneher, Rey
Holds, Riggs, Rogers, Roosevelt, James M Russell, Shaw,
Shepperd, Shields, William Smith, Snyder, bteenrod, Sumter,
Toland, Van Buren, Weller, Westbrook, and Thomas W
Williams—92.
NaYS—Messrs Adams, Sherlock .1 Andrews, Arnold,
Baker, Barnard, Barton, Bidlack, Blair, Boardman, Briggs,
Brockway, Milton Brown, Calhoun, William B Campbell,
Thos J Campbell Camthers, Childs, Chittenden, J C Clark,
Cowen, Cranston, Cravens, Cross, T F Footer, Gamble, Gid
dings, Goggin, Patnc'rG Gooue, Graham, Green, Habersham,
Haieted, James Irvin, W W Irwin, John P Kennedy, Samson
Mason,   Mathiot,   Maxwell,  Maynard, Meriwether,  Moore,
mors, Taliaferro, R W. Thompson, Tilhnghast, Tomlmson,
Triplets, Underwood, Warren, Washington, Edward D White,
Joseph L White, and John Young—TO
Mr. ADAMS offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That upon every call of the yeas and nays, every
member not answering to the call of his name, or before the re
suit of the vote shall be announced by the Speaker, shall be
recorded on the journal as absent, with theaddition of the words
"by leave," when the member shall he absent by leave of the
Bouse,
The motion was objected lo.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 2, 1842.
Mr. MILLER presented a memorial from citi-
zeus'of New Jersey, praying that Congress will at
this session revise and settle the tariff on such a
basis as will give protection to home labor, referred
to the Committee on Manufacture?.
Mr. YOUNG, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to which the subject had been referred,
reported a joint resolution directing the transfer of
the stock held by the United States m the Chesa-
peake and Ohio Canal Company, to the State of
Maryland, and the cities of Washington, Alexan-
dria, and Georgetown, on certain conditions, which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which had been referred House bill en-
titled "An act to amend the act entitled an act to
carry into effect, in the States of Alabama and
Mississippi, the existing compacts with those States
With regard to the five per cent fund and the
school reservations," reported the same without
amendment.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which had been referred the bill to pro-
vide for the armed occupation and settlement of
the Territory of Florida, reported the same back
without amendment.
Mr. B. said he had been instructed by the Com-
mittee te ask early action on the bill; he would
therefore ask for its consideration to-morrow, or
at the earliest time practicable.
Mr. YOUNG said if there was nothing before
the Senate, he would ask it to take up and consider
the resolution introduced by the Senator from
Alabama, [Mr. King,] fixing the day of adjourn-
mOn motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Senate
took up ergrossed bill, authorizing the issue of a
register to the brig Gnlnare, which was read the
third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. BAGBY, the petition of David
Jones, praying to be indemnified for the losses sus-
tained in consequence of the detention cf his ves-
sel by tbe United States Consul at Havana, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BAYARD said he would like very much
if the Senate would take up the resolution for the
appointment of a corps of reporters for the Sen-
ate. It could be disposed of during the morning
hour.
Mr. BUCHANAN hoped it would not be taken
up. He had no aoubt it would elicit debate, and
would interfere wuh tbe apportionment bill.
Mr. WOODBURY said the Legislature of Mas-
siclwselts was now in session; and if Congress d.d
not pass upon the aoporuonment bill soon, that
Legislature woula have to adjourn without making
provision tor tbe new apportionment.
Mr. BAYARD then moved that tne Senate pro-
ceed to ¡he con>idcr?'ior of the special order, whicQ
«as agreed to, and the Senate proceeded, to tbe
consideration, as m committee cf 'hs whole,  pf
THE APPORTIONMENT BILL. v
The question pending, when the Senate ad-|
journed on yesterday, was he motion of Mrf
Wrioht to amend the following section of the bilf
Sei/ 2 And be it fui ther enacted, Teat, in every case
when a State is entitled to moiethan one Representative, ^Be
number to which each State shall be entitled under this appor
tionnient shall be elected by districts, composed of contiguous
territory, equal m number to ttie number of Representatives
to which said State may be entitled—no one district e'ectmg
more than one Representative
Mr. WRIGHT moved to strike from the above
section the words " no one district electing more
than one Representative," and to insert the words
" as far as that can be done in conformity with the
estaolished election systems of the States, but no
State shall, by virtue of the provisions of this sec-
tion, consider itself called upon to divide counties,
or other election districts, tor the purpose of fur-
nishing single districts."
Mr. CRITTENDEN observed, that the bill be-
fore the Senate proposed to regulate the election of
Representatives for the other and most important
branch of Congress. In treating of the subject, he
was relieved from the necessity of considering it
on any ground but that of the expediency of now
exercising the power, the conititutionality being
conceded by the gentlemen on the other side, as he
understood the Senator from New York [Mr.
Wrisht] who spoke yesterday.
Mr BUCHANAN remarked that the Senator
from New York did not make that concession: he
spoke hypothetically.
Mr. CRITTENDEN insisted that the Senator
from New York had admitted the technical power
of Congress to pass this bill, he could not be mista-
ken in his recollection of the Senator's words.
Mr. WRIGHT explained. He showed that his
admission was, that Congress cosld pass any law
regulating the subject, provided it was confined to
the legitimate power of" Congress to carry its own
law into effect.
Mr. CRITTENDEN again contended that his
recollection of the words made use of by the Sena-
tor from New York was such as he had stated,
and he asked what did the Senator mean by a
technical power?
Mr. WRIGHT again explained what he meant;
it was, that Congress may pass a law regulating it-
self, and directing that law, as far as it was compe-
tent to make the direction, to be carried out; but
this did not imply a constitutional power to order
the States to carry out the law.
Mr. CRITTENDEN contended that the admis-
sion—no matter in what technicalities clothed—was
a concession of the power. No language could be
more appropriate or explicit than tbe words of the
Constitution. It says: the local Legislatures may
appoint the times, manner, and place of supplying
the General Government with their quota of Repre-
sentatives , but Congress may make or alter s,uch
regulations. Gentlemen contend that, if you alter,
you must make—you must exhaust the whole
power, and carry it out without the aid of the States.
Was this a true version of the Constitution Was
not the power to a'ter, a power to alter according
to the discretion of Congress? L maj be m part,
or to any extent, thought necessary; and this is ne-
cessary for the self-preservation of the Government
Is not a bill providing for the election of Represent-
atives by the States, in districts, an alteration? and
is not such an alteration as much within the consti-
tutional power of Congress as any other action of
the General Government deñned by the Consntu-
lion? It is only to tbe extent of the power regulated
bf law, that the S ates are excluded from the exer-
cise of so much of the power themselves, for, Con-
gress having passed a law to exercise the power to
a certain extent, the States are solemnly bound by
the terms of their Confederauon to conform and to
carry out the law.
The only question is, whether tb"-' will obey the
'aw. There is no such mmiiamus as is supposed
'n the rnatter. All that is done is in perfect har-
mony wi*h the Constitution and the rinfedaation
of tbe States No matter whethei the oower is
called a technical power, or not; the States and
their people are bound o obej tbe general law.
If the power exists in the Constitution, and a law
is passed to carry it out, is not every one bound to
tbe Constitution—bound to th  la ? Can the one
be obeyed, and ths other di obeyed? It is a new
constitutional doctrine entirely
Assuming that the power does exist, the only
question that remains is, Whether it is expedient
to u«e it? Objections had been made, which it was
necessary to examine    The Senator from New
York [Mr. Weight] had alluded to anticipated in-
conveniences in districting the State of New York.
Surely these were not insuperable difficulties. That
the numbers of the counties, or any two or more
of them, may not make up a district with exact-
ness, must be obvious, but what is to prevent con-
tiguous counties from being laid off so as to form
districts as near to the ratio as may be, leaving the
smallest possible fractions.   There cannot be any
difficulty that will not, in practice, be easily over-
come.   As far, then, as practicability goes, this is
the solitary ground of objection, and he bad shown
that this is by no means an insurmountable one.
He believed it was essential to the preservation
of this Government that the district sjstem of
election should be established, and made uniform.
At the origin of the Government, a majority of tbe
States chose their electors by districts. But in some
of the States it was found  that tbe general-ticket
system gave great party advantages in the choice
of the electors for the Presidency, enabling a mi-
nority of States to control a majority in the choice
of candidates for the Presidency, and then, in self-
defence, all tbe States had to adopt the general-ticket
system   What would be the effect of all the Slates
establishing the general-ticket system for the elec-
tion of Representatives to Congress, as well as for
electors?   Would not the representation in both
branches of Congress then be converted mto a
representation of States?   The people of di tricts
would have no local Representatives    Their voice
would be merged in the «ingle voice of the State,
just as the voice of Congress is the voice of a con-
federated nation,   Would there then be that form
of government contemplated  by tbe  framers of
the Constitution?   Would it not raiher be  an oli-
garchy of States?   Instead of having a Democratic
representation, there would be a Government with
but one voice, and that, the voice of a mere oli-
garchy of States:  the most dangerous,  and the
most disastrous, of all ferms of government m
any country—-a Government in which some four
or   five States would ride roughshod,  trample,
and tyrannize over the rest  of the States    New
York, Pennsylvania, Ohiq, and one or two other
States, mighf gather their delegations round  one
dinner-table, and, some dark winter's evening cau-
cus a union ot interests to govern the rest of the
Confederation.   It would be m vam for Kentucky
and the rest of the excluded States to resist the
usurpation.   When it ihould come to this, who
