CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
56 $
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 2, 1842
Mr. SHIELDS submitted a resolution, directing
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads to
inquire into the expediency of establishing cer.am
mail routes; which was agreed to.
Mr. W. B CAMPBELL offered a resolution to
fix the adjournment of Congress at 3 o'clock on
the 11th day of July.
Mr. UNDERWOOD objected, as he apprehend-
ed it would interfere with the District business, for
which this day was set apart.
The resolution was not entert?med.
THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr UNDERWOOD ro>e aad remarked that, be-
fore he called up any bill, lie desired to state
that his intention was to cal! up such bills as would
excite no debate; and if any gentleman objcted to
the principle involved in any b>Il, instead of deba-
ting it, he hoped the gentleman objeuu g wou'd
move to lay it aside until the oiher bids h U been
disposed of; and in this way they coaln make some
progress with the District busine . He then call-
ed up a bill lneorpoialing the "National Invilu-
tion tor the Promotion of Science "
Mr. ROOSEVELT moved so to amend the bill
as to provide that Congress may at anj time modi
fy or repeal this act, which was agreed to. He
then suggested -<ome amendment, to make 'ne bill
more explicit in relation to the vesting, m truot, of
the property now pos^e sed; which, after a few
words from Mes«r¡>. UNDERWOOD, ROOSE
VELT, and TILLÍNGHAST, i as a >xea to
The question then being on thp engrossment of
the bill-
Mr M A. COOPER mov-d to lay ih« bill on
the table; and on this he c lied for the ayes pnd
noes, which were not oiJereu, and the moiioii to
lay the bill on the table was nfga ived.
Tne bill was ordered to be ecgrus-ej.
Mr. BLACK called for the a^es prid noes on the
parage of tne bill; which were ordeied—the vote
(taken by (tilers) being 37 m the affirmative, and
100 in the negative.
The bill was then passed by a majority of 105
to 66.
The "bill for the benefit of clergy m the District
of Columbia" was read a third t>me and parsed.
By general consent, its title w?s amended, so as to
read ''An act relating to the solemnization cf the
ceremony of marriage in the District of Columbia "
A " bill incorporating the manual-labor school
and male orphan asylum of the Distnc of Colum-
bia" was taken up, read, and passed.
The "bill to amend the charter of the town of
Alexandria," which had been laid over from yes-
terday, came up for consid"rat on.
Mr. UNDERWOOD suggested, t< at f >he gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. C Johnson] would with-
draw his amendment, (extending ¡ne sight of suf-
frage ¡o all pTsons res' *ent in 'he town tor twelve
months preceding any election therein,) the nutter
could be accommodated on a ba'is which would m
some measure be a modification of the present
charter.
Mr. C.JOHNSON would have no objection to
accommodate those gentlemen in Alexandria by
withdrawing the amendment, but he looked to the
interests of other parts of the country, and could
not accede to the request.
Mr UNDERWOOD honed ¡op House would
go into Committee of the Who'c noon other bil's.
Mr C. JOHNSON said it wot. not be in or-
der. Th's bid was under consüe "t on when the
House was m session ;ea'etday, a«i the previous
question had been oidered upon his amendment.
It therefore came upas the regular bti-ines-, befóse
the House to-day.
The SPEAKER decided that the bill should be
taken up
The question recuned upon the amerdmsM of
of Mr. C. Johnson, to insert in S'ia' part of the
bill which defines the qual fications of voters for
mayor and common-councilmen, "flee white males
of twenty-one years and upwards, who have re-
sided twelve months within the limits of the cor-
poration prior to such election."
Mr. J. CAMPBELL said this amendment was
not in accordance with the wishes of the people,
and he theretore moved to lay the bill, with ihe
pending amendment, up in ihe table. Tais motion
was rejee'ed—a>es 82, noes 91.
Mr. BR GG-S then offered an amendment to the
arrundmea1, limiting the light of suffrage to such
pei sons as shou'd have paid taxes. Rejected—
ayes 79, noe  86, as fo'lows:
YEAS-Messrs Allen, Landaff W Andrews, Arnold,
Baker, Baiton, Birdseye, Boaidman, Brings, Bronson, Milton
Brown, Jeremiah Brown, William Butler, Calhoun, William
B Campbell, Tilomas f Campbell, Caruthers Chittenden,
JjfmC Claik, btaiey N Clarke, Coles, James Cooper, Mark
A Cooper, Cransion, Curbing, Garte't Davis, Deberry, Everett,
A lawience Foster, Thomas F Foster, Gamble, Goggm, P
G Goode Will am O Goode, Giaham, Habetsham Hays,
Howaid, Hubaid, Hu Ison, Hunter, James, King, McKennan,
Mathiot Mattocts, Maxwell, Miynard, Mitchell, Moriow, O-
b >rne, Powell, Ramsey Benjamin Randall, Ran lolph, Uercher,
Riugwa\, Rodney. William Russell, James M Russell, Saun-
deis, ESheppeid, Simonton, Slade, Truman Smith, William
Smith, btaii y, S okely btratton, Summers, Taliaferro, Richard
W Thompson, rillinshast Tomlmson, Tuple , Underwood,
Van Re sseleai, Wanen, Via hiugtun, Joseph L White,and
Tho*W  William-—79
NAYS—Messio AÍ uiis,Ariington,Atherton Barnaid,Beescn,
Bidlack B act f!ov,re, lirewstei, Blair, A V Brown C Brown,
Burke, Green W Caldwell, Casey, Childs, CliiTord Clinton,
Cowen, Cioss, Daniel, R D Davii, Doan, Doisr, Eastman,
I C Flwirds Egheii, John G Finyd, C A Floyd, Geiry,
Giddmgs Granger, Gustme, John Hastings, Hopkins, Houck,
Charles J Ingersoll, James Irvin, William W livun, Tack,
Cave Johnson John P Kennedy, Andrew Kennedy, Lewis,
Lnn, Littlefield Lowell, Aoialnm McClellan, McKeon, Al
lied Marshall, Mathews Medlll, Miller, Morgan, Moi ns, New-
haid, Ohvei, Owsley, Paimentei,Patudge Payne, Pendleton,
P rkei<* PUimei, Alev mder Hand ill Real Reding, Heynolds,
Rh it Ri^gs, Roger  Rooseve't Shaw rMueidb, Snydci, Steen
rod, isweney, Vtn Bur^n, V ellei We^lbroik, i, D Whi e,
Christofhei ÍI Williams, Woo i, Yoi^e, Augustus Yourg, and
Jonn Young—oo
Tne qn st < n \va* taken upon the amendment of
Mr. C. Johnson1, ?nl re<oi ed in is adoption —
a>es 96, noes 72 as ¡o"ows:
YEAS—M^sis Arnold, Aui'i^nii, Atherton, Beeson, Bid
1 ck Black, B e r, B wie, Bruw^tei, Aaton V Brown, Chaties
Blown IJutkt, Wllhan Biitlui, Willi tin O Butler, Gieeu W
' U el Patnck C Caldwe I William B Caini b-il, Thomas
J C npb ll < a ut'ici , Ca-ey Ci rpmtn, ClirTiid, Clinton,
Mar'íA C >opcr, Cowen, ctoi ,) ni I Rdwa d Ü Davis Dean,
Djan Doig Caminan Jihnt Í Iw^rd" Egbi.il, lol n G Fl >yd,
fouc^A Fiov 1, Fenians, G loWe, Getiy G'ddings Gtlstme,
G vie John Hastings Hay", Itjtkin , houck Charles J In
ffei&oll J initb Iivm, Will am W ltwn, Jack Ca^ e Johnson,
John P liepn^dy, Andrev Kennedy I ewis Ll ti fi^id, Abra
btm McClellan, McKay, McKeoi, Alired Marshall, Mathiot,
Ma thew* Mauocks liCdill, Millel, Morgan, Calvaiy Moirls,
Ncvhatcl O ver, Pa1 mentei Pat ids^e, Payne Pickens Plum
ei, Alexandei Randa I, Read, Redins Reynolds, fthet', Illsgs,
Roosevelt, William Russell, Janie  M Russell, Shaw, ¡shields,
Si non'on Slade Snyder, Steenrod Swtncy, Van Buren, Wei
]e We^tbrook, Joseph Í White Wood, and John Voung—96
NAY —^Ies=rs Adam-=, Allen, I andaff W Andiews, Ay-
cnirg Baker, Barnard, Baiton, BirUe}?, Boardman, Bngg ,
Biockwav, Bion^on, Milton Brown, Jeiemiah Brown Calhtun,
John Camph^l! Chittenden, John C Clark, Coles, Tames Coop-
er, Ctanston, Garrett Da\ is Deberry, Everett, 1 nomas Y Ios-
tei, Goggin, William O Giode, Gianger llaKted, Howaid,
Hubard, Hudson Hunter, Hunt James, King Linn, McKen
nan, Maxwell, Maynaid, Mitchell, Moruw, Osborne, Powell,
Ramsey, Benjamin Randill, Rantlolpli, Reuchtr, Rtdgway,
Rodney, Saundeis, Shepperd,Trumat SmitSt Sttanly ^tiatton,
S immert, 11 nfetro, Richard W Phomi on, 1 Ihnghast,
Tiland, Tom.mson, Xnpletf Underwood Van Ren^^tlaei,
Watien Yv tshmsion,Ldwtrdl) White, 1 homas W Williams,
Chi ^lophei H Williams, \orke, and Augustus Young—7 '
Mr. SUVl&.ERSob «rved that the bill, asamerd-
ed by the vote just taken, \vs unasked for by the
peo-i«  of Alexandria; and be therefore moved to
lay .t on the table.
Mr. HOPKINS ealled for Ihe yeas and nays
on the question, wruch were aci ordingly ordered
Mr ARNOLD anpealed to his fritad from Vir-
ginia [\it SoMMra^ to withdraw his, mot od.
After iae pte Uiat had been taken, u was appar-
ent that i could not prevail; and tne >fas a'.d nays
having been ordere 1, the pers sting m .1 would be
a ustiess eonsump ion oF the t mo uf the Hou^e.
Mr SUMMER3 ueJned withtl „wug ihe mo-
.lori, a"d the qu-^tioa having bceL taken, resoi'ed
la >t,as 82, navs 84.
Tsli PAJTNE moved to amend the bill'"urther,
bf msliins tho (lection, annual, in le-rd of biennial
Tse SPEXKERsaid ihat the amendment was
not in order, ander the operation ot the pie/ioas
qa' s i'jn
lUr UNDERWOOD hoped the amendment
would be a c\ ^d H- had ro doab' hut it would
be sgreeabie to the \>eop e oí Alexandria.
Yi e arr'iidiient not having been received, tke
mam ques' on was then taken on the engrossment
of tne bill for a third reading, and decided 11 the
afrr-raative—yeas 78, nays 68, as follows-
YE.AS—Me==rs Amng on, Beeson Bullack, Bowne, Challes
Brown, Burke, Green W Caldwell, Caruthers, Casey, Chap
man Cufloid, Clinton, Co quit', Mark A Cooper, Cowen,
Daniel, Richard D Davis, Dean, Doan, Doig, Eastman, Egbert,
JohnG Floyd, Charles A Floyd, Fornance, Gamble, Gerry,
Giddmge, Gustme, Gwm, John Hastings, Hays, Hopkins,
Houck, Houston, Charles J Ingeisoll, Jarnes,Irvin, William
W Irwin, Jack, Cave Johnson, Andrew Kennedy, Lewis, Lit
tlefeld, Abraham McClellan, McKay, McKeon, Alfred Mar-
shall, Mathews, Mat'ock , Medil!, Miller, Moftis, Newhard,
Olivei,Parmemer, Pandge Payne, Pickens, Plumer, Read,
Reding, Reynolds, Rheti, Iliggs, Rogers, James M Russell,
Shaw Shield", Sirnonton, Slade, Snydei, bttemod, Sweney,
Taliaferro, Van Burén Wéller, Westbrook, and Wood—78.
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Landaft W Andiews, Aycrigg,
Barnard, Barton, Btrdseye, Boardman, Bnggs, Brockway, M.
Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Calhoun, Win B Campbell, T J.
Campbell, Chittenden Coles, James Cooper, Cranston, Cra-
vens, Deberry, Thomas F Fostei, Goggin, P trick G Goode,
Willia ii O Goode, Granger, Halsted, Hubard Hudson nunter,
James, Wm Cost Johnson, Linn, Mathioi, Maxwell, Maynard,
Mitchell, Moirow, Osborne, Pope, Powell, Ramsey, Benjamm
Randa1], Randolph, Ridgway, Rodney, Wm Russell. Saun-
ders Shepperd, Truman ramith, Starly, Stokely, Stratton,
Summer", Richaid W Thomosor-, Tillinghast, Toland, Tom-
lmson, Tnplett, Underwood, Van Rensselaei, Washington, E
D Wnite, Thomas W Williams, Yorke, and Augustus Young
-68
The bill haying been read the third time—
Mr. ADA\ÍS movfd that it b^> commuted to the
Comtuiuee for the Di tr ct of Columbia, with in-
structions to strike out the word "shite," in the
clause lelating to the qualifications of voters. Toe
duiy of tffsrmg this amendment had devolved on
him, m consequence of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee havirg thought proper to introduce inio
this bill, simply to amend the charter of the town
of Alexandria, that question which now convulsed
ihe nation from one end of the Union to the o«ber.
This question of universal suffrage, upon which,
wiihin thj Hst fo might, we had seen the people
of one portion r f the country on the pent of shed-
ding epen othei'sb'oüd—this question., upon which
more than one oi the soveieign StaUs of the Union
wr- now in a stale of convulsion nearly equal to
that ■Evhieh had betn witnessed in Rhode loland—
and the very Sute from vhieh the gen leman who
offered this amendment cue, wa>- one of them.
Sir, said Mr. A , an oider St ts of this Union—he
w uld not spy a more distinguished one, but an
older State—one to which the people of ¡his coun-
try had b«en accusiooW to look for the rulers of
the land—the Siatc of Virgin—was at this mo-
ment in that same situation of conuilsion on this
very subject of uoivassl hulra^e- There sas not
a member from that State in he House but knew
lhat this slate of c nvulsion ex sted there. To this
idea of universal suffrage that State owed it that
she was in imminent peril of being rent asunder.
He had sa. d that the question mas forced on him
by the fien'lemaii '"rom Tennessee [Mr. Johnson ]
If that gentlemsn had thought proper to suffer
this thing to pass by—'h<s cup to pass from ar;—if
he had suffered this act, for the mere amendment of
the charter of tbe town of Alexandria, to be dis-
posed of, without bringing this firebrand into (he
House,—be (Mr. 4 ) was not prepared to have
«a>d one woid on the ¡ibjecl: he woul 1 not have
introduced h.s motion. Ba< it was lhat gentle-
man's pleasure to in'roduce it, and as he and his
friends ha! thought propei to resist every effort to
arrest the oi cus-ion, wruch had been manifested
by several attempts to lay the bill tn tie table—
and manifested, also, by the propos't'on of the
gentleman who introduce1 the bi i, to pass it o\er;
and as a m.ijoniy of the House, mcladmg some of
the memb"r-> from Virginia, had thought proper to
order tbe bill to a third reading, conta ning this
principle of universal suffrage, the discussion must
come up; and he wis now disposed to see how far
senliemen were w.'ling to cairy out that principle.
He wished to show that tlu, principles of De-
mocracy, founded on ihe universal rights of
man, whej weie the onl/ pnucipUs on which
the gentleman fom Te'iies^ee could have intro-
duced his amendment, v.era to s> broader extent
than the gemlemstn and iho^e who voted with
him thought for. Why was it that the gentlemsn
thought proper to change the char'er of the town
of Alexandria, so as to enlaige the number of
vo'cral What was his motion founded on, but the
rights of man? What was it but the first princi-
ples of Democracy to declare, as the amendment
did, that every individual, limited only as to age
and residence, should be entitled to a vote, with-
out even admitting the amendment of his colleague
[Mr. Baiees] that he must contribute to the tup-
port of the town—pay taxes'! He called on the
gentleman, and those who voted with him, to an-
