570
swer that question. What were tbe grounds on
Which this amendment was p aced, giving the right
of suffrage ta every free white male, with one
year's residence, and above ihe age of twenty-one
years? Why, m carrying it to that extent, he did
not see but they must ransack the prisons, and
bring in every convict, bring in every idiot, pro-
vided he is a male—provided he is white. Now,
he appealed to tbe members from the State of
Virginia to say what is to be the end of this revo-
lutionary movement.
He called on them to tell him why a man whose
skin was not white—snow-while—but who per-
formed all the duties of a good citizen, a good hus-
band, good father, and kind neighbor,—why such a
man as the one who was buried yesterday, should
not be entitled to a vote, as well as the white man.
That man, [the late William Costm,} though he
was not white, was as much respected as any man
in the District; and the large concourse of c, izens
that attended his remains to the grave—as we'l
whne as black—was an evidence of the manner in
which he was estimated by the citizens of Wash-
ing'on. Now, why should such a man as that be
excluded from the elective franchise, when you ad-
mit the vilest individuals of the wh'te race to exer-
cise it?
Mr A. repealed that he had resisted ih'S move-
ment from the beginning. He went, bims«lf, to
the chairman of the committee this morning, after
the vote had been taken on the amendment yester-
day—bo quorum voting—and solicited of him to
pass this bill over ; entreating ¡urn not to bring it
forward with that odious feature in it, to act as a
fire-brand in the House. He had veted against it
in every shape, after seeing that it contained that
detestable principle. He had voted to lay it on the
table, in order to get rid of the discirsion; but, lhat
motion failing, be considered the discussion was
forced on him, and he called on gentlemen not to
settle it by the previous question He called on
them all to say what were to be the consequences
if this principle was once introduced' You are
to exclude from tbe elective franchise hundreds of
respectable citizens, because their skins do not hap-
pen to *be white. If gentlemen would agree to
strike out the word "white," they would get rid of
a question which, he thought, must go with it, and
whica, in the end, would bring up a judicial in-
quiry. He weald ask gentlemen what was a
white man. Was it the mere color of the skm
Which constituted Ihe white man? Why, if
that was the criterion, there were twenty mem-
bsrs of that House who were not white men.
He pledged himself to bring forwatd a hun-
dred re«pectable colored raen of this city With
complexions whiter than those of tiren y members
of the Hi use. Now, suppose this bill sho-.ld
be pa'sed, the House refusing to strike out that
clause, and one of these gentlemen should go to
the polls: the judges might refuse his vote, alleeing
that he was not a white man. On the other hand,
one of these quadroon  (who were not, according
to the conceptions of some gentlemen there, white
men) might go to the pods, and be aUo re'u.ed, for
the ianie reason in ei her of the above eases, a
judicial inquiry might arise, and it would be for the
court to say which were, in the meaning of the law,
white men. Mr A herp referred to tne different
shades of the negro rac— neb as mulattoes, dsrk
mulat'oes, brignt irm'atto squadroons, &c ; butthe
reporter has not time to give this po'tion oí bis re-
marks.
Under tbe provisions of the constitution of his
native Commonwealth, c >loi v&s not the st-irdard
by which it is judged whether a human being pos-
sesses the right  of man. He had consti'uents as
b'ack as Ethiopians, and as respectable as any he
had. His friend and colleague who lately sat be-
hind him, and who had to his great sorrow resign-
ed his seat, [Mr. Winthrop ] had hundreds of
African negroes for his constituent ; and he de-
pended upon their voles, as he did upon his white
constituents. Throughout the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts there was no distinction cf color for
the enjoyment of equal rignts. Colored n en were
capable cf being elected to the State Legislature;
and one was elected from one of their towns,
though the election had been afterwards vacated.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
He was claiming for the free colored citizens of
Alexandria nothing more than was accorded to
their race in his native Commonwealth; and he
hoped that he should have the votes of all his col-
leagues to sustain him.
Why should the tincture npon the skin deprive a
man of those rights which gentlemen insisted upon
giving to the vilest criminals, and to men incapa-
ble, by their understanding and common sense, to
distinguish between naht and wrong? You have,
said Mr A , given suffrage to that extent to the
people of Alexandria. And with what consistency
can you refuse to colored citizens, who pay their
taxes, and who are ready to (and perhaps many of
them have) shed their blood in the drfence of the
country. Tell us, said Mr. A., why it is that you
insist upon giving this privilege to the worst of
your own color, while you refuse it to the best of
tho«e who have a portion of the blood of another
race? As to that sacred principle proclaimed m
the Declaration of In 'ependence—that all men are
created free and equal, and endoweá with certain
ma'ienable riehts, among which are life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness—as toihatsacted prin-
ciple, he subscribed to it in the fullest extent; and
he would ask the gentleman ficm Tenne==ee upon
what other principle he introduced his amendment?
Did he suppose that, if the principle of univer-
sal suffrage was introduced, he could confina it to
the color of the skin, and that it could be limited
to the Anglo-Saxon race? Did he suppose he could
escape from that question, here or elsewhere? No:
it was part and parcel of that sa'ae great principle,
applicable to men of every shade of color on this
earth. As to the amendment of the gentleman
from T nnessee, he had obj'ected to it, because it
was unreasonable m itself, and extended this prin-
ciple of universal suffrage far beyond what it ou^ht
to £0-------
Mr. UNDERWOOD here appealed to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to forego his remarks,
and suffer the other business of the District to be
attended to He suggested to the gentleman, and
to the House, to let this bill be laid over informal-
ly; and then so into Committee of the Whole, and
pass on the other bills. The gentleman could,
then, finish bis remarks on another occawon.
[Cr es of "No, no  ]
Mr. U. said he made this proposition in the hope
it would be acceded to; otherwise, it was manifest
that the whole day was lost.
Mr. ADAMS replied, that he would be pfrfectly
satisfied to let the question b  taken with what he
had said, provided the ye is and nays were given
him on bis motion. He did not desire to call for
tbe previous question, though be wished to hear
from the gentlemen from Virginia and Tennessee
what th"y think as to carryi ig out the principle
that has been introduced into the bill, and what
they think of the effect it will have m their States.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON desired to know of the
gentleman what was the d fficulty sn Tennessee to
which he alluded. Tats was the first that he had
hsard of it.
Mr. ADAMS replied, that if there was no diffi-
culty in Tennessee on the subject, he had be°n mis-
informed. He had heard trut there was some agi-
tation there, and that there was a proposition to di-
vide the State.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said there had been a
proposition to divide the State, but it had no rela-
tion to this subject.
Mr. ADAMS Then I have been misinformed.
After a tew more remarks from Mr. A.—
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON said he was one of those
who had voted to lay the whole subject on the ta-
ble; but he confessed it was with feelings very dif-
ferent from those which the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts appeared to imagine. He then proceed-
ed to notice an intimation made by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, that the country was con-
vulsed wi'h the question now again brought into
the House; and he said if it were so, he had now
been apprized of it for the first time. He continu-
ed, and was entering largely upon the subject,
when
Mr. UNDERWOOD rose and appealed to the
gentleman from Maryland not to prolong this de-
bate, but to allow the business of the District to be
proceeded with.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON replied that he was con-
scious of hib duties, and must discharge them ac-
cording to his own views; and he therefore could
not comply with the request of the gentleman from
Kentucky. He then resumed his speech, and af-
ter proceeding some time,
The SPEAKER interpo ed, and intimated that
the gentleman's remarks were irrelevant.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON claimed bis right, and
contended that he was but pursuing the subject of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, who had even
discussed the color of the members of this House.
He again pursued the subj-ct until
Mr. JAMES rose to inquire whether the gentle-
man was in ordei.
Mr ADAMS said he hoped the gentleman would
not be interrupted.
The SPEAKER said he had already intimated
that the remarks of the gentleman were not rele-
vant.
Mr. W. C JOHNSON resumed his remarks.
Mr. FESSENDEN objected to the gentleman
from Maryland being allowed to proceed irrele-
vantly.
Mr. ADAMS again hoped the gentleman would
not be interrupted.
Mr. ANDREWS said the whole ¿«bate had
been out of order.
Mr. HOPKINS moved that the gentleman from
Maryland have leave to proceed
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON was about to resume
his speech, when
Mr. ANDREWS rose, and asked if the gentle-
man was to be allowed to proceed without a vote
of the Hou=e?
Mr. W C JOHNSON said he would save gen-
tlemPtt all further trouble, for he had done with the
subject.
He then said, tbe great theory of our Govern-
ment, as of all Republican Governments, was, that
the representative 'h uld reflect faithfully the will
and #i«bes, as well as the interests, of his constitu-
ents; but no memorial had come from tbe city of
Alexandria for the extension of the privilege of
voting to negroes He therefore moved to lay the
proposition of the gentleman from Massachusetts
on the table.
Mr. ANDREWS inquired, if that motion -were
carried, whether it would not carry the bill with ¡t?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. W. C  JOHNSON.   So much the bet'er.
The ayes ard noes were then ordered, and ta-
ken, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Ada-ns, Lan laff W Andrews, Aycngg, Baker,
Barnard, Barton, Bnggs Rrnckway, Bronsor, Milton Brown,
leremiah Brown, Wm Butler Calhoun, William B Campbell,
Caiutheis, Chittenden, JohnC Clark, ft alev IN Clarke, James
Cooper, Cranston, Cravens Cushiras, Garrett Davis, Deberry,
Everett, Fessenden, Fillmore lhomas F Foster, Gamble,
Goggin, Patrick G Goode William O Goode, Granger, llaber-
iham Ilaloted, Ilubaid Hudso i. Hunt, Joseph R Ingereoll,
Tames Irvm Jamps, William C Johnson, John W "Jones,
Kin , Lmn, McKennan, Matlnot,Maxwell, Maynard Meriwether,
Moore, Morgan, Morris, Morrow, Owsley, Pope, Pow-
ell, Ramsey, Alexandei Randal!, Randolph, Ridawav, Rodney,
WiLiam Russell, Jame  M Ru=sell, Saunder  Simnnton,
Sprigg, Stanly, ¡Mokelv, Sti"tton, Summers, Taliaferra, Rich
ardW Thompson, Tillinshast, Tolanl Tomllnson, Tnplett,
Underwood, Van Rensselaei Warren, Washington, Edward D
White, Joseph L W hue, Thomas W Williams, Christopher
II Williams Yoike  and John Young—=17
NAYS—Messn Arrmirton Ath^r on Bee*on, Black, Bowne,
Brewster Aaron V Blown Bui hi  i.reen W Caldwell Cary,
Casey, Chapman, Clirud Cinto i Colquitt, Mark A Cooper,
Cowen, Croba, Daniel, Richard D Davis Dean, Eastman, John
C T Iwards, E'ber T hn G Floj 1, Cli rlcs A Dojd, For-
nance, Owin, John Hastings Ha>et Holmes, Hopkins,
Houc1! Houston, Chas I Injcr«oll, I irk Cave Johnson, An
dtew Kennedy, Litt'efield Abi ih un McClellan, McKay, Mo-
Keon, Alfred Marshall Mattocks Medill Newhard, Parmenter,
Patudge, Payne, Pickens, Read, Reding, Reynolds, Hhett,
Bigzs Rogers bhaw Rhfiils, felade bnyder Steenrod, Sw enev.
Van Baren, Ward, Weller, and Wcstbiook—66
Tfap motion to recommit, and the bill also, were
therefore laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD, the House
then resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole,
(Mr. J   C    Clabk in   the chair,)  and,   on bis
motion, also, the committee took up  the "bill to
establish a police for  the protection  of public and
pnva'e property in the District of Columbia."
After the bill had been read-
Mr. PROPPIT moved that it be reported.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to strike out the
