5-72
parties in that State the justice to any that the
whole people of that State were ac'aated m the
matter by higher and noblei motives than those of
mere partisan ascendancy. His official station in
that State at the time gave him an opportunity of
knowing the sentiments ot Alabama ; a-d it gave
bim pleasure to be able to assure the honorable
Senator that he was mistaken Indeed, he could
not conceive upon what grounds the Senator as-
sumed that it was unconstitutional to make such a
change.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked if he understeod the
Senator to say that he had asserted that Alabama
had Violated the Constitution in adopting the gen-
eral-ticket system1
' Mr BAGBY explained that he did not under-
stand the Senator as saying so m ref rence to Ala-
bama alone, but what he did understand v as, that
the Senator had urged the unconstitutionality of
the general-ticket system, and the constitution-
ality ot the Oisiriet s>stem.
Mr CRITTENDEN observed thithe never dil
say the general ticket system was niccnsa utional
Until Congress should make a regn'a ion' directing
a. differen system, he considered í e general ticket
system as oonsmu wnal as any o her
Mr. BAGBY a«ked wbethei he understood Ike
¡Senator from Kentucky to havr said ihat the
change was effec ed in Alabama for party pur-
poses'?
Mr. CRITTENDEN, with ail candor, would
admit that he did say, substantia lv, that the change
took place from party considerations, and to carry
out party v ews That was his under tindmg,
from the general representations made to nim. He
had stated it oy way of elucidation, and not wi h a
view to cast anv unjust imputations on ¡he people
of Alabama He knew mat, in lb1  ai-x ous pur-
suit for party objocts, each ar d every See was I -
able to be induced to this system lor party pu -
poses He disclaimed at the lime an.* unjust impu-
tation agamsi Abbama
Mr. B 4GBY was gratified to hear the gentle-
man's explanation, but he only rigr tted that he
had gleaned all his infoimaiion irorn. one side—
the Whig side. If he had procured information
from both sides, he would not h=ve be i" ed that
the change was uesi"ned fur narty purposes He
repea'ed that, in the then s a t oí public opinion, a
majority ol the people ot Alibama was, decidedly
m lavor of the general-ticket sysiem
He contended that n wa*, entire y vi ion ry to
hope, by any change from the general del ei sjs-
tem to ihe dtsinct system, to crTtc the ci me ic<d
object of represer ting mimn'i s, as well as majoi-
lties. The whole foundation of ihe repub'tctn in
stituiions of ihis country u as ba ed on tí e prii ci-
p!e of the majonty being ti titled t> the govern-
ment of the whole The \ery p-i ic pk or the ca-
pacity of men to govern ihem^elvt lestsd on tliL*
element of republican mohtu ion He did not
wi h to be understood a? deiyirs ¡V ? gh s of
minorities He had been b ed n the .eh ol cf
minorities, but he believed trie right of those in
the minority was «ecuiea in the right to vo e
Hf supportel his  argument as to th= unconsti-
tutionally of  the dstnet sj stem, by it ference to
the paceed ! gs of ci nvtntioi s in seve-al St-teo
He d^ked, w< ulu anj gent em in c Etcn  that it w s
constitutional tj ( viae o,i  c un y imii ed to foni
members, ¡i lo 'our r si '•is, eorfi->i g 1 voter to
vote for only one meipbor,   n^  u ( -><z Hn tie
light of voting fir t ° aha ih oc A   i        alives
ot his county"!   Tre Co5]  tut on er>ti       tievueis
of the county t > vote recording to 'hi.ii re nee if
nunibeis, and the íespecive numbers cu inat coun-
ty en'itle it to foui «embus  But Cot gress say  ro
voter 1*1 such county sha ' vo'e for these four mem-
bers  how caa  such an  orier be constitutional?
And if n is not in this case it e?nnot to m respect
to the whole S aie.
if it was tiue inat the adoi ion of the g neral-
ticket sy„tem woa a 'ead to a great, overgrovn
oligarchy, it was ant his nult, or that oí the Sena-
tor; for he was qui'e satisfied both bad tfe same
object m view— he best meaas of ¡securing popular
rights. But, if any change wa nocessar.,, it cou d
not, he contended, be effected Co isMuttonally in
«ay other way than that pointed out bv ¡tie Consli-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tutton itself Would the Senator from Kentucky
«ay that such an organic law could be passed, ac-
cording to the Cons nation?
Mr CRITTENDEN explained, that he had
made use of the term "organic law" m reference
to a law necessary to oigamze the House of Rep
resentatives.
Mr. BAGBY was glad the Senator had called
his attention back to the organization of the House
of Represéntalas. He considered it a great mis-
take to suppose that local interests were to be r¿p-
resented in detail in ihat House,—these details
were taken care of in the State Legislatures- it
would be wholly out of place to introduce local
influences into a National Legislature, intended to
repiesent the people of a S'ate collectively, in ref-
erence to matters of national import, or affecting
th« interests ef S'a'es f&r B dwelt for some
time en ih s subject, íllusfaung Ins argu-rent  by
man, postulates leadirg to deductions m support of
his positions
He wanted to have the whole people represented
in ihe «hole number of their RepiesentaU/es He
wished to enjo tee right of an American citizen,
wpici he considered paramotnt to the rights of?
either a Senator or Representative, and it was in
maintenance oí that primary right, that he con-
tended 'or the enjoymert of the right to vete tor
evc-y R presentative of hi= Stale, as well as for
the Representative of his own v.cmity
This bill was not only constitutional in principle,
but grossly unconstitutional in its details, It is con-
tended that Cun ress has power over the time,
manner, aad place of elections, n fie p >wer
to aller the regulations of th" S aie But he coald
pomt out many things in relation to the ame, man-
ner, a-^d place of elections, w'-ich s lely Delonged
to the S aies, and uhich Congress cou'd not
cons'ituiional y attempt to regu'ate And if Con-
gres was precluded from interfering in any one
thing, it coidj not be more certain than that it was
precluded from ínteifermg m the manner proposed
b> this b 11. It may be pas*ed into a law, but it
will be a dead letter law, for it never can be car-
ried oo' He did not kn w noit many States
w uM ob"j it; but be knew at least one State
whica never would. It m ght be tpllod an older,
a manda e, or a regulation , its n^-rie, however,
would not aneuon its usurpation Hj wou d ask
forthegra J the power, satisfied that it cjuld
not be proauiod It gentlemen are convinced that
tl e cT'sis hfs arrived in wmch it is imperatively ne-
ce «ary to act, and to ac decisively, how di 1 it
hapnen that tnej stopped shoit halfway, and pro
posed io aoco<np' sh only h->'f ihe work necessary
to cat i y out the change they contemplate!'? Why
ni t í ume ou' 'ike men, and, if they have the poser,
as ert i , when he necessity is so ap¡ arent a id i-a-
fLiiiu1 He could not 1 tip ookmg 'o ihe enrse-
queco-=s w i ch must result irom ih s bi 1 beng
-d pt'd, ana al'empted to be carried cut in its
pres'ifoim. These conocquerees aie unavoida-
ble.
He did not deny the nower of Congress over the
time, nanner ard place oí elections, ir reference
to mak pg or altering regulations mad- , or neglected
to he mide, by the States, but this power did not,
snd could not, reach to the m trferenoe vu'h any
per onal right secured to every citizen by the Con-
stitute n He would i!lust-ate hi  meaning As to
time, Congress m ght iiiiect a part cuiar day for
e'eotiins—"uen as the first of August,«,  to p ace,
Cong e*s m¡¿ht aiiect tha> tho etec ions rhou d be
11 at tiif county seats of each county, o" m dif-
f ieiU precincts, as to t >ai -e , it rr íght direct the
vo'e to oe taken by bA ot or not voce, but it tould
no . consntationally, order a volet to vote for one
rri£T and not anothei. Now, here was an uncon-
slitniical usurpauon of power, whtch would be a
direct v o ation oí the ConsUtuí'on
He maiitained ihat eveiy qualified voter of a
State h.id the right to vote for every member to
which s^ch i?tate was entitled to represent her in
the House If any other course was pursued, the
de ign of the Constitution would be defeated, for
he Constitution secures io each State her proper
quota of Repre=entatives, to be elected by the peo-
ple of such State—not by a portion of the people,
but by the whole people.   He argued that, if the
district-system was a proper one by the Constitu-
tion, Congress had the power to adopt it, and fix
its details, but that she had no light lo call upon
any Stale to do it. An act making such a call,
would be therefore unconsirutional. The march
of Ftderal power was to be more strongly marked
in this Congresi, than by any preceding one since
the formation of the Government. He meant that
the Federal Government had made, and was ma-
king, greater stretches towards engrossing the pow-
ers of the States, than at any previous period in
the history of Congress.     *
The National Treasury^too, had become as emp-
ty as space. The Government is bankrupt, ns
credit is desltoyed. You have instituted loans, and
%ow into market with your certificate -, which could
not be disposed ot on any terms You hare re-
fused to bring back to the Treasury one of the
standing sources of revenue You beg with one
hand, and gi/eaway with ihe other One of the
Federal encroachments was n be found in the es-
tablishment of the bankrupt4law, wh ch Congress
had refused to suspend. The bill before the Sen-
ate was another step towards Federal encroach-
ment. A measure was now in progress m this
body—for what purpose? For the purpose of strip-
ping the Stale  o their criminal jurisdiction—not
m all cas,-s, feat suca as the Federal Government,
in its discretion, tririks proper to prescribe.
He hoped th s course of legislation would soon
b-5 arrested, and that a return would be made to
the first princ pies of this Government. He viewed
the tendencies cf sueh mepsures as this, in connex-
ion with other mesures miringmg upon the sov-
e e'gn powers of the several States, as the lion's
'racks on the broad p'a'n—all leading to one den.
No epctoachinent coald be made on the sovereign
po"frs of tne States that did not weaken them,
and, in the s„rn' ra'to, jggrandize and consolidate
power in the Fedevl Government. This was a
prrgression t^at could cot long continue, wihout
reaching a point at waich an oigcn c change would
be inevitable.
Suppose it should happen that this law would be
parsed ' he asked, what would be the first question
put to gentlemen on their return to their constitu-
ents 1 Would it not be, What in the world put it
mto your head to vote for this change? What
occasion was there for it ? We did not call for it,
or want it. The people of Georgia, of Alabama,
of Mississippi, &c , &c , did not call for it or want
it.   There was no necessity for it
Mr. GRAHAM wished very much to see the
vote takf n on this occasion, and it was, therefore,
wnn reactance he felt hiraself obliged to delay-
that event by expressing his views m relation lo
the subject He hád i s ened with great attention
to the remarks of the Senator fro ¡i Alabama, and
was not a little surprised to fiad a doctrine—ad-
vanced oy him for ihe first time, as far a  he knew—
that all the States are constitutionally bound to es-
tabbsn the general ticket system
Mr G. entered at large into the refutation of this
doctrine, and quoted several pa=cages from the
Federalist to «how that ihe district s>Stem was the
mode of electing membeis to the popular branch
of tue National Legislature, contemplated by the
founders of the Constitution He had rot been
able to find, in the debates in the Convention, that
ary one was m favor of the pdoption of the gener-
al ¡cket system Tne district s>stem was adopted
by most of Ihe States immediately alter the ratifi-
cation of theCcnstitution, and, among these, was
the State oí Virgir,a, in which Mr Madison, Gen.
Waohing'on, a-d many ot ih- framers ot the Con-
aUutioti reside ! It was clear, then, that the «¡ys-,
'em was considered not only undoubtedly consti-
tutional, but mo t eligible. H* next reviewed the
evidences of public opinion in favor of the district
system, from the organization of the Go ?ernment
down to the year 1816. It was a s/st<>m so much
in favor with ihe people of North Carolina, that
Dr Smith brought the subject before the House of
Representatives in 1820, m a resolution in favor
of an amendment to the Constitution—that Repre-
sentatues should be so elecud, and the vote on it
was 94 yeas, 54 nays, and it was only for
want of two-thuds that it failed He refened to
Mr. McDufiVs report in favor of making a ttnl-
