CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
form law for the electron of members for tbeHouse
of Representative', in the sentiments of which he
fully concurred.
Mr. Gr. for the purpose of showing that this was
not the first time that the subject of districting the
States had been agitated in Congress, read extracts
from this report of Mr. McDuffie, to establish the
fact that it had not only received the countenance
of Congress, but of the people of the States. He
coincided with that gentleman, that it was highly
expedient to adopt that system. He argued that in
every country of which he had any knowledge,
where a representative Government existed at all,
they had not elec ed by the whole mass of the vo-
ters; but, on the other hand, m every country which
possessed freedom to any extent, the people had
elected their public agents by districts, parishes,
counties, 01 whatever they werecilled; so that ev-
idences of the public opinion might be bi ought to
the capital. In order to have a coirect representa-
tion, there should be something of intimacy be-
tween the Representative and his constituents, so
that he might explain to them the opinions which
he enterlamed ot public affairs, and give to them
an account of his stewardship. Thi. was the case
•where the district system was in force, but not so
with the general-ticket system
In order to have a fair representation, it was ne-
cessary that the Representative should have an op-
portunity to meet the people he represents face is
face. This could only bs done by the district sys-
tem. When the districts are made of a convenient
size, a man must have more worth than mpre
talent to recommend him to the consideration of the
people—he must also have vinu?, which was es-
sential in a Representative. He beiieved it was ne-
cessary, to preserve the Representative system mits
purity, to bring the representative 'o a close al
liance with the constituency. This could not be
done through the general-tieket system. Of the
virtues of the cgadidates, it would be difficult
for the mas5 of population of a State to know
Mr. G. contended that the evidence* ot the pub-
lic sentiment were in favor of the district system.
He quoted Mr. Madison, from the Federals, to
sustain him m the position that the plan proposed
was expedient and proper; and, so far trom bein^ a
rule through which to acquire new power, it was
one merely to produce tmifjraity Th¿ sjstern
was not a novel one, but was long known to the
American people, and was piessed upon the con-
sideration of Congress ty the people, not only as a
matter of experience, but as a c institutional pro-
vision, for the purpose of preventing tbe instituí ns
of the country from falling into the hands r*1 a lac-
tion.
It was admitted, he bel-eved, on all hands, so
far as he understood the argument, that Congress
might district the States, and cause the Representa-
tives to be elected according to the cabinet system;
yet, it was argued, that if she p>ei erred t„e district
system, she mu--t ex>xtt'e the liw—<hc mu^t ay
off the districts, but co'iH rot c imraa"d tbe S ates
to do it; that is, it she legislated i" ail upon the
subject, she could not do it partially, but mast do
it fully, and leave nothing to depend upon the voli-
tion of tbe Slates.
Now he (Mr. G ) maintained that, by th- super-
seding power in the Constitution, which gives C n
gress the right to alter the regulations of the States
as to the times, places, and manner of election of
Representa'ivc-, she had the ri£,ht to dec'are ti at
the district system s'iould be adopted, without ex
ecutmg it. Sae has toe right to supersed  woát
the States have done upon the ^nbj-ct, wh en in-
volved the further right to make Tae power piven
to the States over the subject ""as as a meie tius
teeship, and not absolute, but liable to be super-
seded, and capable of being con'-olledLy tl>e act on
of Congress. If Congress has the power to es ib-
Hsh and lay off the district system, she has the pow-
er, also, to grant a tru teeship to exec ate ¡he la*
for her.
Mr. BUCHANAN had not yet spoken on th s
subject at all, nor did he know th ,t he would, bm
it appeared to him that the Senator h~,d ro' jet
touched on the main pomi;and that was, vthethei
be considered Congress had a right to or 'er the
States to carry out this law? and, if so, how thi
power is to be enforced? and, if Congress pa sed
the law, was it not bound also to carry it out
itself?   "
Mr. GRAHAM said he understood the Senator
from New York to concede the whole power; and
all h  contended tor wa<>, that Congress wight, at
its discretion, exetcise the poner in part, in preier-
ence to an exccise of the whole poorer. But
until Congress acted, the power oí she State Legis-
latures over the question was full. Bat the power
became absolute ¡n Congress so scon as she acted
upon the subject. In leply to the argument that
there was no cause for the ac'ion of Congtess, no
S'a'e having failed to provide foi election of Rep
resea'attves;he maintained that Congress could act
without a State being m defauli. He did  ot think
it wís proper 10 defer the, exerct'e of such a power
till some Sta'e should be m default. It was better
to provide in anticipation, and not wait till such
deiault should occur, when the feelings and affec-
tions of the peop'e would be fixed.
In conclusion, he contended that if the Legisla-
tures of the States chou!d (ail to district the States
under this law, Congreis would be obliged ¡o de-
clare elections under any other system null and
void. It would not be necessary, in deiault (f
action by any S ates, to «ttempt to torce, by the
powers of the General Government, ary such
States to act. If they failed to elect under the
law, the.r Representatives would be repudiated and
a new election ordered. He further argued that it
would be a d-paiture fioni the theory of th  Con-
stitution, and trora woat it wi- irne rledby its fra-
mers, to adopt a gs neral-'icke' system, which looked
rather to a reptesentaüon of State* ttmi to í-divi '-
ual cuizers The Se ,ate was tne body la which,
by the Constituí ioa, the 3ta es, as s'>vercig< ties,
were intended to be represented ; and the Hou*e of
Representatives the body in which the people were
mtencel to be represented—notascomr umt'e , but
ssin ividual citizens. The inie>e<-is of individuals
would be iviailo 'ed >p and lost s.£M oí, it the
principle of reprf-tn'rog Sta.es or communities m
bo'h branches oí Oongiess snould be ej.tabl.shed as
a principle
Mr. WALKER obset .ed, that before the Legis-
lature of ! is Slate si ootid meet at ns next ie„'i!,ii
session, if this bill wat pa^cd 11 its pres nt form,
the election of ner Repre e-tall vet must t ke plaoa
before any law oí the S lie can be pas&ed to cany
out the ma >d¡>te 01 Congress. How, then, was
the Sta e t > be repiesented at the rest Congic~s, d
tae powii existed ot r<jrc'ing us liebre en saves
tor not being elected m con'orm 'y wirn this law?
He contended tint 'hi. Ml would be ,5 re urn to
the principles cf ihe otdConfeders.ion. Bo h " fr
Madison ano Mr Jefletson had dechied ih ■ differ-
ence between the v d Co>)fee.eration anu the new
Constitution cf the Ui i ed S ate<=, wss, thit the
power  of the old Confederation were excrci ed as
imperative n unda'es on ll e S>i>te , wheiea, the
Constitution secu*d to too St.it s .!>" principle th<U
nopoffe.ssi ul I bj exere sej o'er the Sta" s tat
those they agreed specifically should be so exu-
ciccd.
It war re''er c nicnpHfi Dv tbe franttr" c'" tu"
Consatutio.i tha1 Co" ic's 'tea d pa s a 'at <" -
pellín" a Sr'Je to pa s p a , ?n'y fuc 'ha"" t it \<
wou'rt . !>v¿ po" vr to Co > "ei a r..ri urnc t , a
lav/ wh.cu he bji eves t<- b ' pcou°titc i n>l b-bp
pose the fc'< " of Al jar-ii shot, d cu'tiiie oí
opinion that the mandate vt incCotsutat'on ii, mat
elections sha 1 be by gci tral ucke*. chat woul ' be
the eon<tquenc„ ot a v. pti 1- toeniorce this lat,
on erm- tpein to c'niije tmr sytem to the dis-
tr'ctsjstem, bat u >l m^n should either go
without ci'v r" 'rcspntaiioi, or that her citizens
should b-i compe'lcjto vote for a l w they be-
lieve to be unror^titu lOnaP This is going back
to t'.e r>ripc p cs of ih end Ci n eieia 10a, ti e gre-.t
evil of whicn, Mi. J^flesson ->ajs, wa«, that it is-
sued its mamme* to so\tiegn States, compelling
tnem to oued'enee.
Eveiy l-i<v \;hich Congiess has powT to pns^, it
must have power to exime. WI o vi'l bj stii1
to ex"cae tLio la>? Will u be the rene  oí
the Unit d Sta.es who is svorn to c.rry o u the
ia«sot Coi'ies" Can he go into e-ZSrvSate,
and compel legislators to assemble and p<t«s a law,
and then compel the Governor to sign the law?
Tne proposition involves an absurdity. The whole
thing is an absurdity.
Mr. BAYARD interpose i. He took it for
granted that, when a que tion tsasked in argument,
it is either for the purpose of obtaining an answer,
or for assuming the admission of an implied con-
clusion. Now, he was ready to answer the Sena-
tor's questions, but not to admit his inference. His
answer was, mat there was neither absurdity nor
want of precedent m this mode ef using a power,
wtihout asserting the execution ot the law, which
is left for the States themselves to execute.
He refetred 'o the 15 h paragraph of the 8th
section of tl,e l*t artwle of the Constttutiou, for a
c¿se m poi t. That paragraph i1-! Congress shall
have pjwer l to provide foi organizing, arming,
and disciplining the mil na, and for govern'rg such
p?rt of tnem «s a  be omployei m the service of
the UVated títa.Co, re  mug to tae Slates respect-
ively the appointment ot tne officers, and the au-
tbor'ty of naming toe uulitia aceordirg to the
di'c phpe prescr bed by Congress " N >w, he asked
the Senator ftou Mississippi, [Mr. Walker,] was
not this an ms ^nce in which Congress had the ,
power to pa*s a law regulating the discipline of the
militia? Yet it might be said, because the State
bad the appointment of the efftcars, and the officers
commanrted the militia, CoB£>-¿ss could not make
n e of th it feree to execive its own law. It was
f r Cmgns. to make the law, and ior the State
Lsg'Ma ure-. t) piovide the means of cartymg it
out. buch, too, v as the ca&e in relation to the bill
befi re tbe Seni'e.
Mr WALKRR^aid, ! thitwas co, Congress must
wait i.U ti e i.fii"rra are appo nteJ by the S.ates be-
ioie n can attempt to carrj out i s 1 iw Dy military
force. And here th, Senator had g'ven a clear de-
monstra ion that ihe President would have no busi-
ness going into á S.a'e to tniry out thio law.
Mr. GRAÍIAM referred to ether instances in
which no redass Co. Id be lad ¡or not carrying out
a law.
Mr. WALTER cons d're 1 it wis the officers
appom ed o wf> out ne larvs vho were amena-
ble to Coiií; e s loi not car-jng the.ii om—not tbe
citizens, «ho ocny 'heir c nistituttotiil obligation
to obey in- liw. W s theie ary pov er to pass a
law to carry tl 's 1 w into eflect, thoald the officer-,
appoineu-ocr y i out fail to do Sv? It could
i o'be done; wh>c'i s>io Js thii it is not a power
within ire me-nmg of toe provi <> in the Constitu-
tion th.-. Colares shad have .powci to pass all
laivs'ecr sarj tocdrrytut the mum rated pow-
eit> ci the C'l^it.ut'on.
It wisb'fvu t be n sbcrt to discourage coll sums
between l.v S a es and the General Government,
that le h d r, >n to <>npo>f mis rlctite. He was
in favor cf i e ,' ,'r t jetem, out he was opposed
io curj.n; u to ifh exir mes us to eatve up dis-
ta t in <uih i 7,1 ' * as -> make Item trinpta-
tío i-, i i <-c¡iti" -Uei nj; ii i.n ti' ,o auoiher. He
couk1 ¡i,i uu lockup it' ■. Hw as .i law tenmng
o  b    r \j              it>  o.iemft,  for the result
\ tu ! b", t°i is pi <-l, m t R-piesentatives
¡uei,,, ri',.--t n <l the l«.w f> <s  be ad-
n it t'   d'  -■ i h ^—evineinj a pr^ttitai liiustra-
i     i o    1     Mil 1'-
1,1 r PJVy ' hadli'te-ed witbal ention to tbe ro-
ma is oíV,„ Ser af r ir, n Noa'i C rohna, so well
- dso eioq«-nly eip'es   d, a d« "Id not  bave
«.Mod up to  av a word,
t al it cot been for tbe al-
] ision -th en to £■>?"- o hid male to the action of
Virgma n 1813 He are d ,n e"ery thing the
Seaator h d 'a d m fivor of f>e dts net system m
prefei-ence  n t * c r.e,al-tHk"t «-jst m But he
ciñiendo '.-t a'f the p.o" eJtiig-. to wh ch the
S-riao- hai >llud'd were for thi puipose o£ pro-
curi " m ame i-* .i n' to tho CoaM u'toti, and not
a- ■ v i- 1 ca- vi fa* Con-re is ougnt to exerci=e
th  po vm II- chs leqg d th Scsn'cr to point oat a
sohtaiy ir^ance . i v hirh it had ever been pioposed
or «„, "rsted m . i CoPgns,shouW excise this power
of oaring ^ t'l^tuct V™   te cs cblisbed
throuihout ,L  S.a e«. It w-j. 'oo de! c e power
to be used w/hout imperious n cecity. His mam
obiec'wn was yet ciansuced • i' v¿<~, that it tbr?
law be pa cd now, another Congt ss sight comu
