S?6
CONOBESaONAI/ GLOBE.
etped in manning them was useless extravagance,
tínless it was to keep up a warlike spirit. Nor
was an army required for the war in Florida, into
whose cause and history he entered at much length.
He next took issue with the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Csshing,] who had said that this
nation has a question with Great Britain on a
point of honor, arising out of the Creole case. In
the first place, he laid down the p«si ion that
with that ease the free States of the Feder-
al Union bad nothing whatever to do; and then
he entered larg'ly into that case, and viewed
it, as he sa'd, as a jurist. He made some allusion
to himself, m connexion with the action of the
House io vards him in reference to that case Af-
ter proceeding «owe time,
Mr. J. Q FLOYD called him to order for irrele-
vancy.
The CHAIRMAN was understood to be of
opinion that the gentleman from Ohio was in
ordMji
•(^ANDREWS. Mr. Chairman, do I under-
stand you 10 say ti.at he has be n in order for the
last quarter of an hom'
Mr STANLY said the gentleman could not ex-
tend his objection to what had been said for ¡he
last quarter of an hour
The CHAIRMAN was understood to reply to
the gentleman from Kentucky, that he did not
deem ¡he gentleman from Omo out of order.
Mr. ANDREWS appealed from that decision.
Mr. GAMBLE asked to be excused from vo-
ting oa the appeal, and he briefly stated his rea-
sons. H" «aid he was of opirion that the gentle-
man from On  had been in order a 1 the time, for
he had come h°re determined to deliver a speech
on the subject oí abolition—he had come here fully
charged with th  subject; and they could not Mop
him. He therefcre a ked to be excused irom vo-
ting.
Some proceedings weie hid c.i the appeal, but,
before any deei,i in was arrived at,
Mr. ANDREWS, rather than break up the
committee, with Irew the appeal.
Mr G1DD1NGS resumed his argument, to show
thai with the Cede esse this Government had
nothing to do. He continued for some time, until
at lengih                                                   *    *
Mr ANORTTffS ¿igain ro-e, and called ¡he gen-
tleman to cder
The CHAIRMAN *vi he ihoog'il the gentle-
man wis pice ding in older
Mr ANDREWS, ( ith a p c>il an y of manner
which convulsed ¡he House with laughter,) Oh, you
do, do ye«'
Mr. G1DDÍNG3 ee-m resumel his ponsi fu-
llona! aigumen', to show the power of this Gov ,n-
ment ovr the Creo'e ca«e
Mr. BLACK called him to order And that ob-
jeción d  ios d of—
Mr GIDD1NGS resumed No af-u^eT, and,
alter some fuither observations, he said ne woa'd
give his a guneot fully, wh n he vrote out bio
speech f r publication
Tne committee then rose, and repoited prog-
ie<- .
Toe SPE IlKEI subcii'ted a communication from
the Secietdiv of War, i  atiswer to a resolution of
the Hon e n ki   f u inf rraiti n m r-'auon to ihe
friud^di'eg i ¡-> hd/e b fi committed upon the
Cherokee tr.be if I di ,n
Mr. COOPril of fain y v.n a, ater a few re-
marks, mover! djiit th*> ronmun ..alien be leieirej
to the Commute oí Ind -"i Affairs
Mr CWEJOHNSONsu-gesed that thcrepoit
be Uid oit  urit 1 to mortow
Aft^r -om  reraa ks fro<n Mes«r   COOPER and
CAVE J0IIXÍ30N, tne >-iotion was adopted , and
The House adjourned.
IN SENAT3.
ñiTusoiy, Ja-e 4  1842
Mr   POUTS I pre«f> tel  a memorial from 27
citizens of  K nt    nd Birry count e , .a the Sta'e
of Michigan, prayin" the es   b simentof i ma 1-
route from Uiard Rapids to líe. I he il e, bv *ay
of Lake A'one, wh ch was reierred to ue Com
nuttee on tbe P st Office and P^ct Roads.
Ur, TALLMADGE presented a memoria! fro a
certain journeymen shoemakers in the city of New
York, in which they state: "Your bumole petition-
ee believe that the want of a $itff tariff is the pri-
mary cause of nearly all our present pecuniary
embarrassments: money is scarce, wages low, and
but little to be had at that. The remedy is at
hand, it lies in your power. Oars is no local
interest." Refened to the Committee on Manu
fcctures
On motion of Mr SMITH, a petitu n on the files
of the Senate from citizens of Iowa, praung that
tbe settlers on the Dtibnque claim be allowed th"
ngh' of pre-emption, was ordered to be >ak~n
therefrom, and referred to the Committee on ihe
Public Lands.
Mr LINN submit ed the following - solutions,
wh ch he on the table for the present, viz
Resolvd, That the Secieta y oftl e Tieasurybe directed to
collect fi m authentic sources all the inf irrra jri attp nabl" in
time to be com n jnioated to the ¡senate during the second week
of the ne^ct seso on of C ngress showing—
1st Tl e [ lOgiessin the cut lvatioo in 1 manufacture of hemp
tn the seveial Ni es at d Tel rltoiies- of the Ui tted s ates an 1 m
ioieign cojr-   ios or colonics
21 The qua ltitio-, of ihe taw material, as picpare J for manu
ficture mi the quantity, valu*1 aid desCrqun of the n nu
factures thereof m thesevetalS ates and Teiutm es of the I m
ted States, and in ioieign coun ues, produced within the year
18M
3d Th 1 quantity and v hie of hemp and the mannfac ores
thereof v nfi their de^cilptioo lm pot ted info, andes pot ted fiom,
the United states within the last two years, the coi nines from
which importe 1 and to which exported
4ih the quantity, dcscupuoi, and value of lemp and m nu
factuie*. theieof, antiudtiy requued ot used n the navy of the
United States, and what proportion oí each kind is of foreign or
domestic produce oi manuactne and v\l ether any compan
son ¡las b"en institute 1 to te=°t the quality oi strength oi the no
memc mil foiemi article with tic íesult theieof
Unsolved lhatthc sectettry be r^ooeated to commumeite
at the sa ic tune, sut h gcieial in! reflation io he may b" 1c to
collect in io atioo to the sod an 1 climaie most congen'al to the
growth of hemp a 1 the compilative stren°th betv/ en tl e
dew an I watel loted then < pprovel metho of piepatmg
it from a ciuie state lothat suiu le lot nifleiei t dcoClipmn of
manulat tme, md such o her mfoimation rclatln-, to tl " en 1
tuie, pnnaiatiii an ¡ manufactme oí this art le and sue i
vi ws as te may deem useful to piesent 'oi the encouiage
ment and incidental protection of this importan and growing
interest
Mr CONRAD from the Committee on P^l' c
Land , repti ed a bill to autiior ze lb  ar'jU trj ni
of 'tie claim of the raun 'P-inty N' 1 oí th'- ci y
of New 0-i arts, to certain larcU . i'n p ad mun'-
eipa'ity, and • ow in the occupation rf ihe United
Sutes, tvhehu. read, and orucrcJ ¡o a ec nJ
rcadiPf
Mr EVAN?, fren'he Coiñm'tfeo en Fn;ree,
repo tee! a bid for ih  reiief oi William R-b pmh,
Sam' el H Go. row, ard J W Sirro-non; wh c'i
was r ad, a d t rdere i to a si rind rea ling
Mr B¿ YlFÜ,f oil < c Ci n mui-p i n ¡h-D .
trxt ef Ccluin' ti.rtpeittd baek the ful guihj; bids
from We Hj' e oi ktpie entauveo, v z
Analto iii-orpoiate the German Benevolent
Society of tl.ecity oí VtrVpinetoi, w hout amend-
me t
An f c to cs'?b ihap ' f for th  i'otx iot of
pibic di "i /' e p'o o,t, ,n the nt^ ot \ 'a n-
jij; oi, aid f r o i er puipuse , without ame ,d-
ment
An act to rrox.d foi eieei'n-  -n 11 gh irg lamps
n Wash naton, unh an smoDiment
A s pet to list rpnate a suceiv m the D str ct of
Coitmb i by tbe nan^ ot t">e Na'ional Institution
for the Prosnot on of ¡Sconce, ¿nth an aaie «diie '.
An act to am^nd >h" iaw relat m>} to tüe P^n tcú-
tiaiv in tne District of Columbia, without amend-
inei t
An act in r. lation to marriages ,n die D s'r et of
Colima i, \ a'ioiit ai'tidfp.eiit
A i ,trt *o "xt-nd the jini 'ictio f th-1 corpora-
tion of Ge rj^ioin, with an aiieidrjei
Mr HEVDRRSON, fon 'he C, ,iatee on
Priva e Land Claims, to i-hichhm been reftrred
Hiuse b II to coi fc m 'he hen* s-iel Lgat ri-p-
leen^tne rf John Bio n, dcceised, in their title
to a trac> of laid, itpor'ed thp same Dick vithou*
amendmct, and refor'ed D^ck, wph an anicr '-
n¡ep>, H u e bi'l eru led "An act for i e icUef of
Jonn Pr?tl or hi> 1 ^al represen'a'ivr '
Mr WfLLIA (1^, from t^e Cimmitt-"- rn Na-
Vrtl 4iFair , rfport j"bil fir tne r*1 -fot tío '<>
ga! repre^e^taüves of Hetir^ To fo-d, d 'e s d,
wh ch w-, "-eai, and ordeifd t   a second r<- d if
Mi. PRESIÓN, from the Conmute? m uif Li-
brary, t#.which had been referred ¡he bill to pro-
vide for pubh'hmg an account of the discoveries
made by the Exploring Expedition, under the com.
mand of Liei.t. Wilkes of the United States navy,
reported the same back without amendment
Mr. WALKER, hoped tbe Senate would indulge
him by taking up and disposing of the bill, which
was laid aside on the suggestion of the Senator
from Alabama [Mr King] a day or two ago. It
was a bill entitled "An act to amend an act to
c?rry into effect the compact wi h the States of
Alabama and Mississippi, relative to the five per
cent, fund and the school reservations "
Mr. BUCHANAN hoped tne bill would be per-
muted to la; on the table, and that the Senate
would at osue proceed to the consideration of the
apfioruoumem b II
Mr KING desired that the bill should be taken
up.    It could r ^' rauje e'e^ate.
Mr BUCH¿* Í l.^ said he must, under the cir-
cumstance, object, and leave tne Sena'e to decide.
The question   ¿s uken on tne motion of Mr.
Walkfr, and ag-eed to.
And t' e Senate took up, as in committee of -the
whole, th  above bill
Mi BUCHANAN said he did -not hki to take
up the time of the Senate, but he ccnsidered this a
very lTiporUnt bill He understood that it gave
to it'e State of Mi is ippi the privilege not only of
s"l°cMng ¡anas subject to private entry, bnt to go
over the who'e S'ate to make its selections
Messrs KIN j¡ arid WALKER eSpiamed, and
advocated the bid. Toe lp'ter Senator contended
that if th-« bi'l vv^s not p-is^ed in the present foim,
H woj u be equ vilert to d p lvuig t"e State of
Mis is 'Dpi of her rights uncer th° Choctaw treaty,
by wt> h slje v as deprived of 'ands as valuable as
any in tb   Union
Mr BUOIÍ ANAN 'a d he would call upon the
chairman who rep rted the bill to explain, if it
we-e net .'or t* e f^c ot his anxiety to see the ap-
portionment bih d spi sed of to-day. Tbe principle
if the b 'I giviia the ri^ht to select anv lands, was
a novel ting in W% sl-uioi, and hi believed it
shoulinot piss H- "cull not oppose its en-
grossment row, but would examine tne bill by
Monday next
Mr. KING- iruafd the Senator f'om Pennsylva-
nia would eiPTPie i , as he had no doubt his lm-
pre   iors\r'Ud oe coir?" ed.
Tbeie ben g no irorcmon 'o nm9úd Ihe bill, it
wps r port«d to the S nate, and ordered lo be en-
greís ed for a thud reading.
On mp'iori hy Mr BUCHANAN, ihe Senate
proeeeded 'o cor>id"r, as m comm ti.ee of the whole.
TFiC APtOIXIONVlENT BILL.
Thetjuesuon pending, v,h-n 'he Senate adjourned
on jestsiday, vas t!~e mo ion of Mr. Wright to
amend |he íoilo>/iog s -tion of th" bil1.
^fo 2gAul beitfuttlm enacted, That m every case when
a -i ale 4e u I^tl to moie than one Rep osen a ivc, the number
11 vt ich¡e fluí 11 t be entitled under thh a[ portionment
slallbeflcctd bye nc « cor [used of contiguous territory,
eq lal i *n i ru"i io the rrttmbti of Rcpre-enla ives to which
s ideate uy be emit ed—no one district electing mors than
one Keprccnu ¡ve
Mr WnioRT b?d moved to stiike from the above
sect on tne voids "ro en* diotact e.eciing more
th"  one R^p-  fit 4 ive," aid to n" rt the words
"as fai rs tr/t can be dor-  in conformity with the
cstabl'hel elación - sera  of the Sta'es,but no
f> ate b jt.1I, o/ f rtae of me provisions of rtis sec-
tion, ctsi er it til ea led upon to livide counties,
oi o'l r eieci on di.t, ct , j0r ihe purpose of iur-
n sp rig sj> .    distr ets "
Mr fiuREHEAD observed, that he would de-
sire th'1 auf o uii of ¡he &Pra'e for a few moments
thio momirg, for. be tr s'ed, *hat a very ihort
time mould i nice to enable him to submit his
opinions on tbe sjbj ct under consideration His
cbj=ct was ct nf.acd to ¡Wat of submiturig his views
w th regard to t  i or three of the mam d,fliculties
which it i cone ived e,iow out of the questions of
consutt nona ny and txpcdiency.
In ire 'in= tf iho>e sUpp0Spd difficulties, he did
ro feel thit t *a> a a'l nee ^ary ¡0 go back into
a n mote hi tory of the causes which led to tbe
a-Hp'ion of the iorm of e vcriment which now
exis s m this countr, lfe W( a d therefore come
d cctl/, and at rnc , to ¡he paiticular provision,
in the U'l now befoa ths Senate, which is the strt-
