CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
570
with the leave of the Senator from  Indiana, [Mr.
White,] renew the motion to adjourn.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, June 4, 1842.
Mr. DODGE of Wisconsin presented the petition
of Roben Johnston, of Green Bay, asking of Con-
gress a pension for a Wound received in the service
of the United States
Mr. A. C. DODGE of Iowa presented a memo-
rial of the county commissioners of Des Moines
county, Iowa, praying for a grant of five sections
of unoccupied public lands, to defray the expense
of erecting county buildings in said county.
Mr. DAWSON rose and spoke as follows:
It is with great reluctance that I claim yoar at-
tention for a few minutes I pray the indulgence
of the House until I can give my reasons for
making this request, in the briefest possible man-
ner. The bill No. 76, on your list of private bills,
is one of vital importance to the citizens of Louisi-
ana More than one hundred claimants are inter-
ested in its passage; and, among them, many of my
constituents. Many of these claims have been be-
fore Congress for years. Tney have passed the
Senate three times; and, by the peculiar and arbi-
trary rule of this House, which enables any one
member, by a mere objection, to destroy, virtually,
the most just and equitable claim, and by other causei,
they have thus far failed to be consummated.
Many of these claims have bten favorably reported
upon by various committees in this House. The
bill is now from the Senate, and meets the undi-
vided approbation of the intelligent Committee on
Private Land Claims of this session. They have
been approved by the board of commissioners of
the land office in Louisiana, and have undergone
the scrutiny, and received the sanction, of the Gen-
eral Land Office. No suspicion cf f.aud r*sts upon
a single claim which is now included in the bill.
Why, then, should these claimants be forever sus-
pended, like Mahomet's coffin, between heaven
and earth, and no ray of hope m perspectivel
Sir, in answer to the gentleman, [Mr. Fillmore,]
I reply, that I never ask a favor of the House; and
I am now unwilling to ask them to grant me an
uncommon and peculiar one on this occasion, with-
out giving full and ample justification for so doing.
Although I fear tD trespass upon the valuable time
of the House, I desire to offer a few remarks upon
the character of the claimants who now «olicit
justice at your hands. They are composed, mostly,
of the Creoles of the land, who, like myself, were
partly raised under the Spanish Governmi nt They
are a noble, brave, ingenuous, and confiding peo-
ple. It is a part of their education to consider the
possession and cultivation of land the very best of
ail titles; and in Spanish history there is no in-
stance of an actual settler ever having been dis-
possessed of his land. Until recently, since the intro-
duction of so many banks into our State, there was
but little scrutiny made into our land titles. Many
of these claimants were born on their lands, and
never for a moment doubted that there existed any
defect of tule. Aroused from their delusion, they
now confidently ask a hearing of their demands.
Bat, sir, under the intolerable and oppressive
rule of this House, the breath of a single individual
has annihilated the just claims of one hundred cit-
izens of my State.   Tms bill is now virtual y car-
ried to ihe tomb of the Capulet-, it is snugly laid
up in lavender, and will stay there "until the cows
come home," unless this House will  take «ome
bpecial actioi upcn the subject.    I am confident, it
this bill were now upon i's merits, that the gentle-
man from Tenne^ee would be i's only opponent.
In making «his remirk, I am actua-ed by no un-
friendly feeling towards him, it is not offered ma
■pint of disrespect   on the contrary, I know «hat
gentleman to be a higo minded, bonorab'e nan,
Ind be, n wlo il1, feels impelled to make his objfc
tions to the bill fiom a eusc of uily    He is not
the fir<t palr.ot or s<a esman *bo ta-s been led into
error from an over anx.ous and  mistaken zial
All I ask is a patient and impartial hearing, aod it
I have misiepiesented the justice and character ot
the claims, you will have it is your power to reject
them.   The St Helena district has peculiar claims
upon this Hou-e; but I will embrace some other
occasion to speak in their defence I move no ,
Mr. Speaker, to lake bill No. 76 from the Commit-
tee of the Whole, and to make it the special order
of the day for this day week.
After a few words Horn Messrs. CAVE JOHN-
SON, FESSENDEN, and MOORE,
Mr. RANDOLPH called for the ayes and noes
on the motion; which, being taken, resulted as fol-
lows—ayes 112, noes 56:
Mr. J. C. CLARK reported two bills from the
Committee on Commerce, in relation to the erec-
tion of light-houses. They were read twice, and
committed to the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr J. COOPER called for the orders of the
day, being the unfinished business of yesterday.
Before the adjournment yesterday, an Executive
communication was read to the House in relation
to frauds on several Indian tribes, which Mr.
Cooper moved to refer to the Cornmitiee on In-
dian Affairs; but, in consequence of ihe want of a
quorum, no action could be had thereon, and it
now came up as unfinished business. The com-
munication was in the following terms:
War Department, June 1,1842
Sir  I received, the day after us passage, a copy of a resolu
tion of the House of Repiesentatives of the 18th ultimo, in the
following word 
"Resolved, That the Secretary of War be required to com
mumcate to this House the several reports lately made to the
department by Lieutenant Colonel Hitchcock, relative to the
affairs of the Cherokee Indians, together with all information
communicated by him, concerning the frauds which he was
chaiged to investigate,'also, all the facts in the possession of the
department, uom any souice, relating to the subject "
The want of time, until recently, to examine some of the
reports referred to, has prevented an earlier answer to the reso
iution
The reports relating to the Cherokees contain information
and suggestions m reference to the matters which it was sup
posed would become the subject of a nego ration between this
departmentand the delegates of the Cherokee nation, who have
been appointed to settle their claims, and all other matters of
difference wnh the Government of the United States, and who
havenowaimed inthi  city The nature and subject of the
report, and the opinion of the President and of this department,
render Us publication, at this time, inconsistent with the public
interest
The other report íeferred to in the resolution relating to al
leged fiauds of Indian agents, co-Hans such information as
Lieut Colonel Hitchcock was enabled to obtain by exfmte in
(luirles of various persons, whose statements were necessarily
without the sanction of an oath, and which the persons lmplt
cated have had no opportunity to contradict or explain To
promulgate these statements at this time, would be grossly un-
lust to these persons, and would be calculated to defeat, rather
than promote, the objects of the inquiry Suffieientopportunity
has not been given to the department to pursue the investiga
tion, or to call upon the parties affected fogexplanations, or to
determine on the measure- pioper to be adopted
It is hoped that these reasons will be satisfactory for not
transmitting to the House at tito time the reports refeired to in
its resolution                         \             i  .    .
I have the honor to be, Sir, your obedient serva
\       JOjHN C  SPE>
Hon Tohn White,                t        I
Speaker of 1!k Home of Iteprefntahves
Mr. CUSHING said th<-\on|r knowledge he had
of this communication beirj°#pre$ented was from
the newspapers, from which it appeared that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, bad made some re-
marks, in the course of which he took exception to
the refusal of the Secretary to communicate the
papers called for. As those remarks had not been
reported, he would be glad if the gentleman from
Pennsylvania would repeat the grounds on which
he based his complaint.
Mr COOPER said, when  he  made the motion
yesterday, to re er the communication of the Secre-
taiy of Wa- to the Co-nmitiee on Indian Affa re,
he s'ated that it was the first time in the histcry of
the Government ihut th- bead of a department bad
refused to communicate to this House, upon its call,
such mformanon as  the resolution of the Hou e
indicat d,  and as was in in- possession  of  the
department       H-   stated   that  the   information
which  wa  m  the po«e^ion of the department,
from the «h  vmg of the  S'cte'ary himself, m the
com<num a< n v-hieh he   had submitted  to the
HtU'e  v is such as ia5 r«q)ired bv the Hojsp to
erco'e'itu   act   uneei-tanuingly in the inv.sfga-
Iinuhc.i  hid been ordered to pu sne   it  tould
I e - en bv i  c er re *o • if ro-r>mu" on n 'tstlt
.hat a report    pd lc n   modelo  .*<•   fee* M.y of
War by L eut-nent C j orel Hitchcock, ,ti    nicer
who was appointed to investiga'e ihe «o-ject, and
the Secretary s'ated ihat he bad furni-he.' u forma-
tion on the subject of the alleged fraud-, but Ihe
Secretary refused to eomrr-un.cate that information
to the House, on the ground that a negotiation was
vant,
SPEhCER
pending between the United States and the Chero-
kee nation in relation to certain claims and mat-
ters in difference, and, under "the mask of that ne-
gotiation, the Secretary refused to communicate
facts entirely disconnected with that negonation,
namely: facts m relation to frauds committed "on
the Cherokfes by agents of the Government ap-
pointed by that department, and to whose conduct
reference was made by the late Secretary Bel), at
the beginning of the called session. Now, this
House had determined, in relation to these sub-
jfcts, that they were fit and appropriate matters to
be known to it; and it had charged the Committee
on Indian Affairs with the investigation into the
frauds committed on the Cherokees, and all the
Northwestern tribes; and if the .House failed to
vindicate its power, ihe precedent now setup would
be dangerous to the institutions of the country. He
said last night, substantially, that if the House
failed to vindicate its rights, virtually a change had
taken place in the structure of the Government it-
self , for, by the refusal to furnish such informa-
tion, the Executive assumed a power not given by
the Constitution, and, at the same time, aright was
wrested from the House, which the Constitution had?
given to it. It was, in short, a refusal to give such
information as would enable the House to act un-
derstandingly on matters submitted to it, or that it
was proper the House should know. These were,
substantially, the remarks he made yesterday.
And was it not so' If this. House failed to com-
pel a comphanee with its request, (which was, in
itself, a U gitimate one,) it was a denial to it of the
power which was necessary in the discharge of its
duties If they were not to be put in possession
of information, except as the Secretary chooses to
give it to them, they were certainly powerless, and
became a mere instrument in the hands of the
President—"uch an instrument as the old French
Parliament became in the bands of their mo.iarcb,
whose edicts they had simply to register. They
had no further power.
There was an inquiry respecting frauds commit-
ted by agents of the United States ; and, to prevent
the repetition of these frauds m future, it was ne-
cessary this House should possess the information
which had been called for; otherwise they would
be acfi'g m ihe dark It was necessary, at least
at the outset, to resisTTBe" ~ejtaMisbmenLjCifjMCbia_
precedent as this; and if it were not resisted, the
House would be derelict of its duties, and would
abandon the powers most ma'enal of all which it
possessed.
He had stated that there was nothing in the rea-
sons which had been given and urged by the Secre-
tary of War to justify the refusal to communicate
the information which the Hou-e required.   The
Secretary set out by stating tbat there was a nego-
tiation pending.   There might, id this, be some
color of a reason for withholding this information ;
but he (Mr Cooper) denied his right to do so. He
insisted upon the right of Congress to call for this in-
formation, but, at the same time, he admitted there
might be some color of justification on this ground;
but the Secretary goes further, and refuses to furnish
other information which haJ been called for by
the House, and which was the mam object of the
call—he alluded to the information m relation to
ira'.idi committed by agents of the Government m
ihe removal of Indians from the ceded territory to
he.  home   the West.   I. was alleged «hat gross
trauds had been committed  by the  agentt of the
Government, th>t the Indians had been robbed by
them of ihe money which they had obtained by the
'ale of their lands; and that they had been actually
starved  to  death on  the ground, on their way to
that was intended to be their new home m the
West, by the avarice and cruelty of «heir condue-
lo,.     Humanity «nd justice alike demanded that
Cir<*res««hould  be put in possession of all   he
fa  sBm   «"ha case/ This body hal  been called
e nphatical y "the grand  inqni« of me nation
,   \ ,n ihe very term> was implied   me  power to
ouireinu  all the abu^, m «hatter quarter
!he° misht be p-rpeuated, by the agents of the
G Tw Secretary supposed that ,r0u,t,ce might be
done w the persons implicated, because the exam-
fnaüon, as far as it had gone, was e* parte.   The
I
