T~......                ^wM^MMiwmn      immri >........I      in   r     i              „—
should be addressed alone. However, that ques-
tion did not come before the Hoase now. Per-
haps there was more propriety in the House call-
ing upon the President; but this was  not made the
ground of justification of the Secretary by his col-
league.
On the note of Jefferson, on Hamilton's dissent
from the other members of the Cabinet, as to the
power of the House to call on the heads, of de-
partments, and on the insinuation that it was
feared the House might inquire how far they had
been dabbling in stocks, he next made some pass-
ing observations
After some remarks from Mr Coshino, m
relation to the opinions held by the Cabinet of Mr.
Jefferson, and from Mr. A , concerning the discre-
tion to be confided to the Executive, in deciding
upon requests for documents made to him by the
House of Representatives, he proceeded to quote
other precedents. In March, 1796, a treaty, con-
cluded more than a year previous, with England, by
Mr. Jay, was referred to the House, in order that
laws might be enacted, and inch appropriations
made as were nece^aiy to carry its provisions into
execution Opinions upon the expediency, and,
perhaps, on the constitutionality of the treaty, were
so much divided, that it was, foi a long time,
doubtful whether the House would lake any action
for the purpose of carrying it into effect. There
was an animated, acrimonious debate, in which a
persevering opposition was made A la-ge party
in Congress was opposed to the admin stration of
General Washington, and prominently so to this
treaty. They were well organized, and Solly united
in the determination to oppose it, although the na-
tional faith had been previously pledge! to carry
out its provisions In the progress of the debate,
a resolution passed the House, (24th March, 1796,)
calling on the President to lay before the House the
instructions given to our reunister previous to the
negotiation of the treaty The President refused
to communicate -the papers, and sent in a long
message, giving the reasons for that decision. If
any gentleman doubted as to the vote he should
give upon this question, he beegedhim to read the
message of Washington What were the reasons
assigned by General Washington for this refu-
sal? He expressed a disposition to comply with
all the requests of the Hou^e, which he could
consistently wi.h his doty; but he declared that it
was necessary to the success of negotiations de-
pending with a foreign Government that the> should
be kept secret, that a full d sclosure wou'd be ira
politic, and mar the object, and that suoh a course
would have a permcioas mfli ence upon future
negotiations. Heie, the House v^ou'd observe, the
mam point in his obj°ction to furnishing the docu-
ments was, that they related to regotu'irns with
Jomgn powers, to the success of wh ch all knew
that secrecy was essential. Tne necessity of pre-
serving secrecy was the reison for investing the
President and the Senate w>th the trea'c-making
power. To admit the right of the House, there-
fore, to demand papers connected with a negó ía-
tion, would be to establisn a dangeious precedent
The whole idea was, that it would be dangerous to
allow the House to call for papers connee ed with
a foreign negó íation A treaty with the Indians
was, however, a different thing. He knew of no
advantage for keeping any thing connected with
them secret, utsless our object was to cheat them,
and that we could do without secrecy, as experience
proved.
It was an loipoitaut question at the organ ?i'ion
of the Government, whether our negotiations w.th
the Indians should be called treaties, or not An
elaborate debate occurred in the Senate, and it
was finally determined that they should be caMed
treaties; but he contended it was a misnomer AU
treaties, made by U3 wih the Indians «ne law*, to
whicn the Indian  were compelled to «ubmi* The
treaty was only a way of defraud.ng the Indians,
wbic1-  we practised <>   of en
But Washington, m the messag  to wmch he re-
ferred, went further, and said that there was but
one occasion when it wi uld be proper that the
House should receive the paper* in the hands of
the Executive; and that was, in case it was for the
purpose of impeachment.   In saying this, he con-
CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
tended lhat the President admitted every thing.
The House had the power to impeach, and, ac-
cording to the doe'rme of this message, whenever
they declared it was their purpose to impeach, the
President must surrender the papers m his posses-
sion. What was the answer of the House to the
message of the President—containing, no doubt, his
opmun and the opinion of his Cabinet? It was
refeired to the Committee of the Whole, and they
rejected the resolution, the purport which was, that
whilst the House of Representatives disclaimed all
intention of interfering with the power of the Presi-
cent and the Senate to make treaties, they yet
claimed the power of using their own discretion
in relation to the grant of any appropriation for
carrying out the provisions of any treaty that
might be made. The=e resolutions were adopted
by a vote of 57 to 35, and remained, as it were, the
law until the present dav—never having been
denied by any President, not even by Washington.
He referred to the letters, &e. in the case of Mr.
Pomdexter's report, and said that, taken in connex-
ion with this relusal of the Secretary of War to
transmit papers called for by the House, he could
only see in it a too manifest desire on the part of
the present Executive to carry on the Government
as he pleased, and to resist the right of this House
to call for information connected with its adminis-
tration. He regretted to perceive such a s'rong
degree of sympathy existing on the part of his col-
league with the efforts of the President. But, for
one, he was prepared to vindicate the rights ef that
House, of which he had the honor to be a mem-
ber
Mr. FILLMORE understood that this was
merely a motion to refer the communication from
the Secretary of War to the prsp r committee, ?nd
therefore hoped that the course suggested would be
adopted without delay When the Committee on
Indian Affairs had made their report, the Home
would be better prepared to di'cuss the grave ques-
tions involved He moved the previous question,
but withdrew the motion at the request of
Mr McKAY, who desired to submit a few re-
marks He (Mr. McK ) ¡¡greed with the gentle-
man fiom ¡>l?=55achusetis [Vir Adams] :n most of
what he had <.a>d upon the constitutional part of
this subject He did not, however, think that the
viaw of tie quest'on which had been taken by that
gentleman fairly arose upon the report of the Sec-
retary ot War, but, on the contrary, tha* injustice
had been done that officr He did not understand
the Scietpiy as refusing to obey the wishes of the
Hou«e, in declining <o send in the papers a«ked for.
The Secre'ary made no i«sue whatever, in relation
to the power tf the House What did he say?
Whj, that the testimony taken v>a? ex pw/e, mcom-
ple e, and not even having the sanction oí an oath,
that its publication might prove injurious to par-
sons interested Was there not good sen*e in thi«?
He made no issue in relation to the power of the
House, but merelv came before it with a letter
statmg, m respectful language, h s reasons for
withholding the testimony called for—not forever,
not ab olut'ly, but at *hi« particular time
Mr UNDERWOOD inquired wn .her, if, aswas
asserted, the testimony was ex parte, this wa  not
aiea^oiwhy he cmtmitee shou'd be allowed to
make a report, and state th" fact?
Mr. McKAY sa'd he had no objection to this
course. He had merely made his remarks to show
that there was no necessity for any action on the
part of the House He th"n called for the reading
of the letter of the Seeretarv of War, and, after it
ha.l been read, he said these gentlemen might find
the reasons of the Secretary of War plainly stated.
The appointment of a commission to investigate
the frauds alleged to have been committed against
ihe Cherokee Indians, was a proceeding which ori-
ginated with the Secretary of War, and not with
the Hou«  of Representa ives It was commenced
by the department, and was incomplete. Tne
Secretary, the efore, me'ely asked that he might
have time to complete the documents
As he staled when be rose, he concurred w.th
the gentleman from Massachusetts, f Mr Adams,]
that the House had a right to call for papers in
the hands of the Executive, excepting where they
related to appointments to office, which power was
„________                   H«f
vested by the Constitution in the President and
Senate. Itwashtsxtpiman, nevertheless, that all
papers should be exposed to the inspection of the
public—placed on rile m the departments, where
the Representatives of the people might gs and see
them. He had, on some occasions, gamed access
to particular papers in the departments, m relation.
to appointments to office, and had seen what slan-
derous misrepresentations were made in relation to
honest men. Mr. McK. concluded by moving,
agreeably to his promise to the gentleman from.
New York, [Mr. Fillmore,] the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. COOPER of Pennsylvania wished to sub-
mit a few remarks, but the motion was not with-
drawn; and the previous question was sustained
by a vote of 68 to 57.
The question of reference to the Committee on
Indian Affairs was then put and carried.
The question recurred upon the motion to in-
struct the committee to inquire what steps should
be taken in relation to the letter, with power to
send for persons and papers. The vote was ayes
57, noes 72. So the House refused to give in-
structions.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the House resolve
itself into Commmee of the Whole on tbe slate of
the Union.
Mr. CO WEN hoped that the House would rath-
er take up the private calendar.                    .
The   question   was   taken,  and   Mr.   Fill-
more's motion was carried in the affirmative.
THE ARMY BILL.          \
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Ukper-
wood of Kentucky m the chair,) and resumeduhe
consideration of the bill making appropriations for
the support of the army and of the military academy
for the year 1842                                                  \
When the committee rose on yes'erday evening,5;
the state of the question was as follows:                   ,
Mr. Cave Johnson „had moved the following
modified amendment, to come in at the end of line
eighth:
itPiomdedi That the reciuiting service shall cease until the
number of non commissioned officers and privates in the va
rious companies of the several arultery and infantry regiments
shaTrtjtrxc^w^ed^Jjydeath, expiration of term of service, and
such disehaiges as ifieTTHn**WjíuíjUmiB3ime to time direct,
to the number fixed by the act entitled "An ScfrroT-eTrtrro-on 
fix the military estabhs iment of the United States ' approved
March2 1821 And provided further. That no part of this
appropriation shall be applied, after the 30tti September next,
to the payment of the regiment of dragoons established and
authorized by the act of 23d May, 1836 "
Mr. Roosevelt (by way of compromise, and
with a view, as he explained, of keeping the army
at its present actual foice) had offered the follow-
ing as a substitute for that amendment:
"Provided, That no part of this amount shall be applied to
the payment of any officers or privates heieafter to be appoint
ed or enlisted, beyond the number now actually m the service
of the united States"
And the pending question wag ou the motion of
Mr. Roosi- VFLT
Mr. POPE, who was entitled to the floor, com-
I    menced his remarks m lavor ot the amendment; but
had spoken but a few moments, when he yielded the
'    floor, for the purpose of explanation, to, and at tbe
request of,
I       Mr GUSHING, who desired to notice some re-
I   marks raa.de yesterday by Mr. Giddings, m relation
|    to  himself.   That gentleman made a speech, a
great part of which was on the Creole case, which
he saw this morning reported inths  Intelligencer;
and, if he understood it correctly, with a view to
get himself in order, made that case a pretext, in
which he either misrepresented him, (Mr C ,) or
was misrepresented himself by the reporter.    The
gentleman, m one part of his remark , was repoit-
1    ed to have used the following language :
" But protection of all our fiontiers had been dwelt upon , so
had the question of the northeastern boundary—the fortifica-
tions— even our foreign relations had been brought n—the case
of the Creole had been alluded to (on which Mr G proposed
to say something)—the spoliations on our commerce by
Great Britain—the right of search—the Florida wai—and last,
though not least, the Georgia war Oiall tho3e topics gentle-
men had been permitted to speak at great length "
Now, he (Mr. C ) would ask the gentleman on
which of these topics had gentlemen been permit-
ted to speak at great length' For his pirt, he de
nied that any gentleman had addressed th  commi*
tee at great length on any one of them.   Taey had.
