m
CÓÑtítoSÍONAL GEOBE.
,r-^ffa-*/i&tsta
only been briefly adverted to, by way of illustra-
tion. The gentleman was further- reported as
follows:
"Mr G next proceeded to notice the case of the Creole,
-which had been put forth by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Coshino] as one of the grounds for war with Eng-
land on the point ol honor. Mr. G.took issue with that gen-
tleman, and denied that it was constitutionally and legitimate-
ly any ground of complaint at all, either for going to war with
England, or for keeping up the army."
.      And the gentleman next said that—
• "The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Cushing] had said
that his constituents were ready to put their shoulders to the
wheel in insisting on reparation for the liberation of the men
on board the Creole, as a question of national honor."
Now he denied that he said any such thing. He
did not notice the case of the Creole as one of the
grounds for a war with England, and did not say
that his constituents were ready to put their should-
ers to the wheel in insisting on reparation for the
liberation of the men on board the Creole, as a
quf stion of national honor. All that he did was
to enumerate certain points of controversy between
the two countries, as a reason why the army should
not be reduced; and the gentleman, in order to lay
the ground for an abolition speech, totally misrep-
resented him. He did not discuss any of these
questions as probable grounds of war.
Mr. GIDDINGS rose and made a brief reply,
in which he disclaimed any intention to misrepre-
sent the gentleman. He intended to be understood
to stty that the gentleman from Massachusetts made
this Creole case as an argument why the army
should not be reduced; and for that reason he sup-
posed that he apprehended that that question might
be the cause for a war with England.
Mr. CÜSHING. On the contrary, I expressly
stated that I did not believe that it would be the
cause of war.
Some further explanations between Messrs. GID-
DINGS and CÜSHING took place; when
Mr. POPE, after these interruptions, continued:
He felt it to be his duty to give his reasons why be
should vote for the amendment.   A great deal had
been said about the share of offices obtained by the
different States.   All he had to say was, that his
State had little to do with these contests.    When a
clever young man of his State applied to him to get
him an office here, he advised him, instead of sac-
rificing hi  independence by accepting an appoint-
ment in Washington—where he would not dare to
speak above his breath for fear of being kicked out
—to go to the West, get a wife, and rear up  a
family of young Democrats to fight for the country.
In reference to the question before the House, he
was in favor of it, and would go for reduction in
whatever shape it might be produced, in any branch
of the Government.   He had seen so much cor-
ruption, so much plunder, and so many defalca-
tions, in almost every branch of the public service,
that he was for applying the pruning-knife when-
ever he had an opportunity of doing so.   Referring
hack to the bills for the increase of the army,
passed a few years ago, he said he was opposed to
them at that time, not believing that they were ne-
cessary.   He did not believe they were wanted on
the Northwestern frontier, nor on the borders of
Missouri and Arkansas; and, having resided in the
latter State for some years, he was well informed
of the fact that a military force was not wanted
there.    In this portion of his remarks, he spoke of
the pacific disposition and good conduct of ihe In-
dian tribes, and strongly censured the injustice that
had been, from time to lime, practised against them
by the Government of the United States. All these
alarms; that had been sounded ef Indian wars were
without the slightest foundation.    The Choctaws,
Cherokees, and Creeks, were highly civilized; pos-
sessed property—some individuals among them be-
ing, indeed, wealihy; and were making considerable
progress in the uselul arts.    They were, therefore,
deeply interested   m   maintaining   friendly  rela-
tions with the United States, and formed the strong-
tist barrier for  the) defence'of the frontiers against
the wild tribes who were located beyond them. Fie
did not believe that we were, in any danger of colli-
sion with the less civilized tribes of the Northwest.
They were too well acquainted with the power and
resources of the country to venturej on acts of hos-
M\$ against us.   There was [no danger|of ^their
erwliíeeonüng the «pressors,*
He was not disposed to disband ihe regiment of
dragoons on the Western frontier, though he
thought a different description of force woald be
more serviceable and less expensive. The com-
parisons that had been made of our military force
with that kept up by the Governments of Europe,
were, in his opinion, wholly irrelevant to the ques-
tion. For what purpose did the Governments of
the Old World keep up iheir large armies? Why,
for foreign aggression; and, above all, to keep
down their starring and discontented populaiion.
We had no such pretexts for keeping up an army.
Our institutions forbade the idea of keeping a mili-
tary force to overawe our own citizens; and we
were in no danger of aggression from any of the
powers of Europe. None of them would ever de-
clare war against us; and if we should have war
with them, the declaration must be made on our
side; and then we should know when to increase
our army. He had profoundly reflected on the
state of our relations with Great Britain, and was
confident that there was not the slightest prospect
of a war with that power. And here Mr. P. took
a view of the present political condition of Eng-
land, and the aspect of her foreign affairs; from
which he was satisfied that it was neither her in-
terest nor her inclination to go to war with this
country. In the course of his remarks, Mr. P.
took occasion to give his views of a navy. It bad
been generally supposed lhat a navy was necessary
for the protection of commerce. But he could not
subscribe to that doctrine in Mo. It was partly
so, and partly not. Every nation that had had a
large navy had ieen involved in wars and in debt,
in consequence ot having one; and such must be
the case with this country.
For his part, if we are to have a navy, he was
for having wars with it. He wanted a fighting
navy, instead of an idle one, with officers idling
away their time at home, and forgetting their pro-
fessions, while the ships were rotting on the stocks.
If we were to become a naval power, he was for
deriving some benefit from it. He was for making
the West India islands free ports, open to us and to
all the world, instead of wasting time in useless ne-
gotiations. Speaking of Ihe finances, he would
resuscitate them by repealing the distribution act, as
well as the bankrupt act; and he would also have
a national 1 ank. By establishing a bank, with a
capital of one hundred and sixty millions of dol-
lars, under the plan he had heretofore proposed, he
was confident that the country would he placed in
the most flourishing condition. He avowed his in-
tention of getting up his bank project, if possi-
ble, at this session; and he hoped to get a good
many Democratic votes for it. It was, in his opin-
ion, a Democratic bank, and the people would go for
it. He had strong hopes that the ascendency of the
Whig party, in the eleciion of General Harrison to
the Presidency, would have resulted in the adop-
tion of such measures as would have estab-
lished the financial condition of the country
on a firm basis, and given us a sound cur-
rency ; but he had been so much disap-
pointed, that he doubted whether he should
ever take part in a Presidential contest again.
Digressing from the subject of the currency, Mr.
P. proceeded to reply to the remarks of Mr. Gid-
dings, on the subject of abolition. The gentleman
admitted that Congress had no jurisdiction over
the subject of slavery. New, that being the case,
how did abolition petitions come here, and what
r.ght had Congress to legislate on it? In illustra-
tion of ihe impropriety of such petitions, he refer-
red to the case of the 15 gallon law in Massachu-
setts, and asked how a petition to abolish that law
would be received here. He also told an anec-
dote of a ship capiain, who, on his return from sea,
had been fined, under ihe blue laws of Connecticut,
for kissing his wife on Sunday; asking the gentle-
man from Ohio if he would have Ihe time of Con-
gress taken up in entertaining petitions praying for
a redress of such grievances as that.
Mr. GIDDINGS inquired whether the gentleman
denied the power of the House lo repeal Ihe
act of 1789 under which slavery existed here, and
the repeal of which would set every slave at liberty
to-morrow.
Mr. P. said he did not recollect the act   the
gentleman alluded to; but he knew that Congress
had no right to pass any act that would deprive the
people of the District of any rights they possessed
in the Stales of Virginia and Maryland before the
cession. The honorable gentleman took a view of
the acts of ceision by Virginia and Maryland of
the ten miles square, and the acceptance by Con-
gress of the territory; and, in a very able and in-
genious argument, showed lhat Congress had no
power whatever to legislate on the subject. He
advised the gentleman to give up his attacks on
this little District of Columbia, and observed that
it would be worthy of his magnanimity to carry
on his crusade in favor of abolitionism against the
sovereign Slates. Why not commence with old
Virginia, and demand of Congress to abolish sla-
very in lhat State? Mr. P. next took an interest-
ing view of the Creole cas,e, ably refuting all the
arguments advanced by Mr. Giddinqs on that
question. Mr. P., in conclusion, recapitulated his
arguments in favor of the reduction proposed.
Mr. LEVY then took the floor, and addressed
the committee for a brief space against the amend-
ment; but, before concluding, gave way to
Mr. WHITE, who moved that the committee
rise; on which question the vote was—ayes 33,
noes 50.
No quorum voting, the committee, at half-past
four o'clock, rose, and reported that fact to the
House; whereupon,
On motion by Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Mosdat, June 6, 1842.
Mr. BATES presented a remonstraace from
sundry inhabitants of the town of New Bedford,
Massachusetts, against a reduction of the appro-
priation, as reported in the House bill for the
sapport of the navy. He stated that the town of
New Bedford owned more than 800 vessels, ranging
in size from 300 to 600 tons. Some of those vessels
were round Cape Horn; some in the eastern Atlan-
tic; some in ihe Indian ocean; some in the north of
Europe;—indeed, their sails whiten every sea.
These people therefore feel a deep interest in the
subject-matter of their memorial. As the bill was
on the table, on motion, the remonstrance was or-
dered to he there also.
Mr. EVANS presented three memorials from
the town of Portland, in Maine, similar to the
above,- remonstrating against the acion of the
House of Representatives on ihe naval appropria-
tion, so far as it had the effect of reducing the
appropriations below the estimates of the depart-
ment, and thereby crippling that branch of the
public service: ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. PHELPS presented a memorial emanating
from a convention of wool-growers, held in Wood-
stood, Vermont. Mr. P. said there was no diver-
sity of opinion among this respectable class of men
on the subject of giving protection to this branch
of interest. They complain that, in the various
propositions submitted to Congres?, sufficient en-
couragement to the wool-growing, which was one
of the most important branches of ihe domestic
interest?, was not given: referred to the Committee
on Manufactures.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
a number of citizens of Delaware county, Pennsyl-
vania, asking encouragement for one of the great-
est interests in the country, by establishing such a
tariff of duties a$ will give protection to domestic
manufactures in all iheir ramifications: referred to
the Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. CONRAD presented a memorial from im-
porters and venders of jewelry in the city of New
Orleans, asking that such a duty may be impesed on
jewelry, as will protect the domestic manufacture of
such articles, and at the same time protesting against
such an increase of the duties as would hold out
an inducement to smuggling: referred to the Com-
mit tee on Manufactures.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, made an adverse report on the petition
of Addison Searle, a chaplain in ihe navy/of the
United States, praying the allowance of an addi-
tional ration for extra services rendered by him;
and an adverse report on the memorial of the.
