CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5&1
Mr. CHITTENDEN offered the following
amendment:
Strike out the enacting clause, and insert the fol
lowing-
"That the army of the United States shall be disbanded on the
fourthday of July next, and, on that day,it shall be the duty
of the Pieaident of the United States to commission ex Gov
ernoi Dorr, late of Rhode Island, as Major General of the Uni
ted States army, with authority to enlistas laige an army of
able-bodied soldiers, who shall be oppo ed to all civil authority,
and m favor of the largest liberty, as he shall be enabled to do
With the aid of his (iiendsin Tammany Hall, before the 30th
day of December next, and the sum of one thousand dollars is
appropriated to defray the expenses thereof, and of the late ex
{ledmoa against the State of Rhode Island and its legal author
tues "
Mr HOPKINS aiked if it was in order to move
an amendment to the amendment?
The CHAIR said that the amendment itself was
out of order, and could not be received.
Mr COOPER of Georgia offered the following
amendment:
"For the payment of two companies of volunteers, ordered
out by the Governor of Georgia since the first of January last, to
¡protect the citizens of Georgia on the Honda line against the
incursions of the bemmole Indians "
The CHAIR said that this amendment was out
of order.
Mr. BOWNE asked what became of the amend-
ment that proposed disbanding the army, and re-
questing the President to appoint Governor Dorr
Major General, &c
The CHAIR said that it had been ruled out of
order.
Mr. BOWNE wanted to know if it would go on
the journal.
The CHAIR said that it would not.
Mr. BOWNE regretted it, because he wished
the infamy of the act to be placed on record
The second section, making an appropriation
for the support of the military academy al West
Point, coming up—
Mr. REYNOLDS moved to strike out that sec-
tion; which question was taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Athbrton, and Edwards of Missouri,) and deci-
ded in the negative—ayes 57, noes 105.
The committee then rose, and reported the bill to
the House as amended, and,
On motion by Mr SPRIGS, its further consider-
ation was postponed till to-morrow, in order that
the amendments made in Committee of the Whole
might be printed.
On motion by Mr. FILLMORE, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
stale of the Union, and took up the bill making
provision to supply the deficiency in the navy pen-
sion iund.
After amending this bill, it was laid aside; and
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the commit-
tee took up the bill making piovision for me pay-
ment of the militia of the State of Maine.
Mr. JOHNSON of Tennessee offered the follow-
ing amendment, which had been offered by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
to the army bill, and which was ruled out of order
"For paying the value of the horses and equipage of the Ten
nessee, Georgia, and other volunteers, who have at any time
beenm the service of the Uniied States in the luritoiy ot
Florida, and which were turned over to the Government by the
commanding general, or other commanding officer, or aban
donedby the order of an officer (said value to Be ascertained
by the appraisement of said value when the volunteers entered
the service,) 95 000    And the provisions of acts approved and
in force at various periods since 1812 authorizing payment for
horses lost in the service of the United States, by langers, mili
tia. and vo,unteers, are hereby revived and extended for two
years from and after the passage of this act   and   under the
action of the Third Auditor, shall be deemed to embiace ill
cases not already satisfied, of horses lost to their owneis in s r
vice as aforesaid, in battle oi otherwise, when care and diligence
be rendered manifest on the part of the owner   and if the death
or loss of rangers'   horses shall lave occurred for want ol
forage at places where, acting in obedience to the orders of com
manding ofliceis, forage could   not have b«en   piocured by
uroper vigilance on the part of the owner    No payment how
¿ver, shalfbe made for horses or othei popertv, lost or de
stroyed when the loss or destruction shall have been occasioned
by the fault or neglect of the owner  or where, by the terms   f
the contract, the mk was upen the owner of the pioperty  an 1
no greater slim of money than the «3 000 appiopi lated by this
section, shall He dr iwn fiom the treasury by reaso i if its pio
■visions "
Mr. JOHNSON said that the sum asked bv tbi*
amendment was only a leappropnation made by
the act ef 1839, which had gone to the in plus
fund. It met with the unanimous approbation of
the Committee of Ways and Means and of the
War Department, and was simply to carry out the
provisions of that law. Not the slightest objection
Could be made to the justice of this appropriation.
Mr. CLIFFORD had no doubt but  the amend
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee was cor
rect, and he should probably vole for theapp'opri
ation it contemplated, if offered in another shape ;
but he objected to its being tacked to this bill.    He
remembered that, in the 26th Congress, when the
bill providing for the e'aims of the State of Mame
was under consideration, similar   attempts were
made to annex the claims of rther States to it, and
consequently, it wai delayed so much thereby that
it wab lost, for want of time.    He begged that gen-
tlemen would let this bill stand on it* own merits,
and bring forward the claims of their own States
m some other way.    He would be willing then to
attend to the claims of the other States.
Mr. FESSENDEN also offered his objections
to connecting other objects with this bill.
Mr WARREN moved an amendment, provi-
ding fe the claim  of the Stale of Georgia ; and af-
ter a debate, m wh.ch Messrs. WARREN, Mc
KAY, COOPER of Georgia, FESSENDEN,
GAMBLE, ALLEN, JOHNSON of Tenne *ee,
and ADAMS took part, the question was taken on
Mr. Warren's amendment to the amendment of
Mr. Jchnson, and it was rejected.
The question was next taken on Mr. Johnson's
amendment, and it was also rejected.
Mr McKAY offered an amendment, striking
out the appropriation for knapsacks, muskets, &e ,
which was also rejected.
Tbe committee then rose and reported the bills
to th  House, when the amendments to the navy
pension-iusd bill were concurred in, and it was
read the third time and passed
The House aUo took up the bill making appro-
priations for ihe payment of the Maine mlht a for
services which they had rendered. It was read a
third time and passed.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Juno 7, 1842.
Mr. CHOATE presented a memorial from the
city of Boston,  remonstrating against the recent
action of the House of Representatives on the na-
vy appropriation bill, and against any reduction of
appropriations for the support of the navj, and
recommending   that   the   appropriations   to  that
branch of the public service shall equal the esti
mates  from the department   laid on the table,
where the bill to which it has reference now lies.
Mr. C. also presented a memorial from Robert
G Shaw and others, of the city of Boston, praying
that the present system of importations on credit
may be continued, and that the warehousing sys-
tem may be established, referred to the Commit ee
on Finance
Mr BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
certain cigar makers from imported tobacco, re-
siding in t'se city of Pniladelphia, complaining oi
what will be the operation of the tariff introduced
into the House of Representatives by Mr Saltu n-
stall The memorialists state that that b II pro-
poses to fix the duty on the imported raw n atenal
at 15 per cent , and an ad valo'em of only 30 p r
cent, on imported cigars. They a*k that such a
c'uty may be imonsed onth  foreign manufac ured
article as vullg.ve mem piOiection in the business
of cigar making ¡eferred to ihe Committee on
Manufactures
Mr WOODBRIDGE presented a peUeon frm
Elij?h Sanborn, raa'smg application for a p°r-
Mon, which was referred lo the Commit ee on Pen-
sions.
Mr W also piesented resoiut ons adopted by
the city authorities of Monroe, Michigan, re'ame
to the harbi r at tha' place. They s'ate that rome
ten years ago the Government made impropria-
tions for the impro\em nt of the harbor mce, and
that Coo tos continue, to make appiopnat'ors
foi that ebjee', frtm)earto 3 car, until, in all, seme
$90 0C0 «ere approp'iatid <-nJ expended, without
completing the vcki. They ur^e that, unless
fur ner appropriations be made, that which his
bi en already expended will bt lost. They solicit
Cíngleos to make further appropriations to that
object   referred to the Committee on Commerce
Mr W. gave nttice that, for the purpose cf car-
rying out the object of the  resolutions,  he would
ask leave to bring in a bill, appropriating certain
alternate sections of the public domain for com-
pleting the works in the harbor of Monroe.
Mr STURGEON presented resolutions adopted
by the Legislature of" Pennsylvania, urging upon
Congress the propriety of making an appropria-
tion of a sum of money for the purpose of ren-
dering the navigation of the Ohio river capable of
steamboat navigation at all times- referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. PRESTON said he had been solicited by
some citizens of Washington to present a memo-
rial to tbe Senate from two mechanics of this city,
representing that, recently, whilst prosecuting their
labors in the public service, they fell from the
scaffolding at the Treasury building, and were se-
riously disabled. Tney pray that Congress, in its
generosity, will grant them some gratuity or com-
pensation to alleviate them from the calamitous
effect of the accident referred to the Committee
on the Public Buildings.
Mr SEVIER, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which had been referred House bill for the relief
of Daniel Chase, reported th/s same back without
amendment.
Mr. S , from the same committee, made an
adverse report on the petition of the heirs of Phebe
Root, widow ot Andrew Colburn, praying to be al-
lowed the amount of a pension to which she was
entitled, which was ordered to he on the table and
be printed.
Mr. ALLEN, from tha Committee on Pen-ions,
to which had been referred House bill for the relief
of George Mayfield, reported the same back with-
out amendment, and with a recommendation that
it do pass.
Mr. MILLER, from the-Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which had been referred
House bill for the relief of Jabez L. and Asa
White, of the State of Connecticut, reported the
same back without amendment.
On motion of Mr WOODBURY, leave was
grinted to withdraw from the files of the Senate
the papers of Gershom Morse.
Mr. BAGBY, on leave, introduced a bill to reg-
ulate the fees, and writs of error, from ihe district
court of-the~U&ited States for the northern district
of Alabama, which waTTewJ-twjoe^aiHLjejfterred
to the Committee on the Judicisry.
Mr BENTON said, if it was not ihe intention
of the Senate to proceed to the consider atien ot the
apportionment bill, he would ask it to take up the
bill to provide for tbe armed occupation and settle-
ment of a portion ef the Territory of Florida ,
but
Mr SEVIER hoped the Senate would indulge
him by taking up and considering a bill which, he
believed, had passed the Senate about five times,
and ihe House of Representatives seven times. It
was for the re'ief of an old man, who had been
awaiting the tardy justice of Congress until he was
now dying He hoped that justice would be meted
out to him before that houi should arrive, by ta-
king up the bill and passing it It was a bill for
the relief of B njamtn Murphy.
The question was put ana agreed to, and the bill
to authorize the S creiary of War to adjust the
claim of Benjamin Murphy, of the S ate ci At-
kan-as, for the value of cattle and ho^s taken by
the Cherokee Indians, wa> taken up as in commit-
tee of the whele; and there being no motion to
amerd, it «as reported to the Senate, and its
merits having been explained by Mr WHITE, it
was ordered to be engrosad for a third reading.
Mr WRIGHT slid that there was a bill which
hpd been reported from ihe Judiciary Committee
at the p-e=ent session, wh ch hid passed the faénale
at two successive session*, and which failed to pass
the Hou e, because of the lateness it which it
oas ed, to enab'e the sureties of Samuel Svtartwout,
la e collector ot the city of New Y( rk to compro-
mise their habi'it.es as sureties with the Govern-
ment He hored the Senate would take the bill
up and pa«* it, as ¡t would not take five minutes ol
time    He made a motion to that effect.
Mr SMITH of Indiana said, when the propo-
sition was made on yesterday for the Senate to
meet at 11 o'clock, instead ol 12 o'clock, be had
voted for it, because he thought thereby it wou a
