8%S
enable the Senate to occupy a short time in dis-
posing of the bills on the private calendar. He
rose now for the purpose of suggesting that the
Senate would proceed to take up the private calen-
dar and dispose of the bills in their order, instead
of taking them up, out of iheir order, on individual
motions, • If this coarse was not adopted, he would
be in favor of returning to the hour of 12 o'clock
for the daily meeting. He had no particular ob-
jection to the consideration of the bill; but he
could instance numerous more meritorious cases
which ought to claim the attention of the Senate
forthwith—the case of widow Monroe as one.
Mr. LINN thought he could reconcile the con-
flicting claims, by proposing, as he intended to do,
to proceed to consider bills on the private calendar
from the hour of 11 till 1 o'clock, and then proceed
to the general orders; when gentlemen could debate
to their heart's content—till 8 o'clock, if they
pleased.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Wright, and was disagreed to.
Mr. BAYARD moved that the bill from the
House, which had been reported back to the Sen-
ate by the Committee on the District ®f Columbia,
in relation to the establishment of a police for the
protection of the public property, be taken up, for
the purpose of being recommitted to that commit-
tee. He was induced to make this motion, in con-
sequence of a communication which he had re-
ceived from the departments, going to show that the
system, as provided in that bill, would not answer.
The qiiestian was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
Engrossed bill from the House, to amend an act
entitled "An act to carry into effect, with the States
of Alabama and Mississippi, the existing compacts
with those States will  regard to the five per cent,
fund and school res.efrva'ioES," was taken up, read
the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, Ihe President pro
tern,- was empowered lo appyint an additional mem
bef on the Finance Committee, 10 fill the vacancy
occasioned by ihe ck-ciion of one of its members to
t$e presidency of the Senate.
I Mr. CONRAD, on leave, introduced a bill f->r
fte relief oí' Wiliam Debuys; which was lead
fwice, and committed
.J On motion of Mr. WOODBURY, the Señale
\   proceeded to consider, as in committee of the whole,
\;-         THE APPORTIONMENT BILL.
% The question pendinz, when Ihe Senate adjourn-
ed on yesterday, was ihe motion of Mr. Wright to
amend the following section of the bill:
Siso. 2. AndbeU fie thti emitted. That, in every cast: when
a State 19 entitled to n.i re than one Representative, the number
to which cadi State shall be entitled under (his apportionment,
shall be elected by districts, composed of contiguous territory,
equalin number to thenmnber of Representatives to which
said State may be entitled—no one district electing more than
one Representative.
Mr. Wbight had moved to strike out from the
abovesecuon the words -'no one district electing more
than one Represcn'.auve," and 10 insert the words
"as far as that can be done in conformity wilh the
established election systems of ihe Siates; but no
State shall, by virtue ef the provisions of this sec-
tion, consider itself called upon to divide counties,
or other election districts, for the purpose of fur-
nishing single districts "
_ Mr. WRIGHT said no one could be more sen-
sible than huras*If that an apology xvas due to the
Senate for again troubling them wjih any remark .
He should not have dune so, h?d h  no! found
himself uncomcicusly and unexpectedly made a
nullifier in the course of this debate. He took
exception lo ¡he application of the term to him-
self—at least according to his understanding^ oí
its meaning. Hs had been compelled, m the
course of a short political life, to assume many
political appellations, and he had never very
strongly re"is¡ed any of them; but he had been
tenacious of tha privilege of applying his own
dehmttons to them; and it was so in this case.
Notwithstanding it might seem to many in the
Senate that he had niaje hii^eif a member of
that political body wíu e dtnommah/m was Nul-
HSers, yet his friend from South Gasolina [Mr,
Preston) had read bim out of church; for it
• " W?aied Ü*81 Ws ttuUiflcation was not of the right
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
sort. If, therefore, the term was to be applied to
him, he must be permitted to give it his own defi-
nition, la the early part of this debate, he had un-
dertaken to di?cuss the question then-involved; and
he should avoid, as much as possible, repeating
the arguments he had then used. Yet he would
be compelled to glance at the substance of tbem.
It would be remembered that the proposition be-
fore the Senate at that time, was on the alternative
that the States were either to be divided into single
congressional districts for the election of Repre-
sentatives, or they were to be permitted to elect
them by general ticket. He had avowed at
that time, and very frankly, that be would sus-
tain the ■ amendment of the Cottimiuee on the
Judiciary; because, if Congress were to lay down
a rule of legislation for his State, he desired
that there should be as much latitude in the
rule as possible; and he preferred having two al-
ternatives to having only one. After considerable
debate, however, the latter failed, alaicst by a
unanimous vote of the Senate—only three Sena-
tors, besides the chairman of the committee, he
believed, voting for it. They had, then, left only
the provision made by the House of Representa-
tivei; and at a moment when the debate upon ihut
provision had assumed such an aspect as endued
the subject with a very deep interest to himself—an
interest which ied him into the use of language,
perhaps, rather too strong. He had not failed,
however, to derive very great amusement from the
debate  hich had occupied the Senate for two or
three days, since the somewhat impetuous remarks
which he had made at that period. His remarks
had been elicited thus. For some two hours before
the vote was called for, the Senate had been ad-
dressed by the Senator from Maryland—not in the
frank, open, and undisgai.ed manner which the
Senator from South Carolina had since used, but
usin<r orguments calculated to produce a certain
re.M^lt, without acknowledging the true purpose of
thoie arguments. And what were they? That
this was ih" peculiar occasion ¡0 characterize and
define ¡he boundaries of power between the large
and ihe r-inall States of ihis Union; and he added, •
substantially, that the former must be bound and
feitcred to prevent them from being dangerous
members of the confederacy. Well, (pursued
Mr. W.,) I would have borne, I believe,
with «re-at patience, this argument because
I have been very much accustomed to listen
calmly to all arguments in this body; and,
from th  very condition of the body, it is some-
what natural that arguments of an extraordinary
character should be sometimes made; but when I
acid to this, that it «as urged—not ihat the Senate,
not that Congress should bind thess large and dan-
gerous States; but that Congress, by its sovereign
order, should compel the States to bind themselves,
I was, Í confess, a ¡¡(tie impatient under the argu-
ment and I now regret that I was so. I met the
caw, however, with perfect fairness then, and I
intend to meet it now in ihe same spiri1; because it
is now avowed, by the Senator from South Caroli-
na, (to use his own phrase,) that this is a war waged
by the small States upon the large ones—a war,
not in the sense of a war of arms, Í admit; but a
political warfare, to diminish what he considers
ihe dangerous political power of the large States.
Well, ur, I would much raiher that this war had
been waged in another forum, (inasmuch as it
respects one of the constituiional rights of the peo-
ple ot tke Stales,) where the people are appropri-
ately represented. But I have no right to com-
plain of its being waged here—none whatever. I
do not complain. It is one of ihe dudes of the
Senate to act upon each proposition which comes
here ftom the Representatives of the people; and
no Senator is in fault for expressing his views
clearly and truly as to its nature. And it was
worthy of the honoiabie Senator's candor to char-
acterize ¡t as he did; because it is the true aspect of
the question as it is presented to us, although I do
not for a moment presume to imagine tnat it is so
regarded by all its supporter '. So much, sir, as
my apology for making the petulent remarks which
I did ; and I do not offer it as a j-tKifiettion, for I
feel unfeigned regret at having been led to make
those remarks.   But-, sir, I have been not a little
surprised thai, since that unfortunate occasion, the
debate has been carried on very much—so far as
arguments have been offered to sustain the propo-
sition—in one aspect of the matter, on what has
been assumed to be my admission of the pow-
ers of Congress. That admission has been as-
sumed by the Senator from Kentucky as the
foundation of his argument. I do not know
what precise terms I may have used upon that oc-
casion, but I know what my meaning and inten-
tion was. I saw, or thought I saw, a manifest dis-
position, as well here as in lb.  debate upon this
subject elsewhere, to put the question upon the
technical question of constitutional power. I did
not choose to rest it there, because I did not think
it was the strong, prac ieal, and unanswerable
ground. I did believe, and do now, that it was an
attempt to exert a power which those who formed
the Constitution, and ihose who adopted it on the
part of the S;ate=, never dreamed would be at-
tempted under such circumstances. Of this I have
not the least doubt; and, to prove it, I exhibited the
proceedings of the conventions of several of the
States. I was sure tint I should be answered as I
was. I knew very well the arguments which might
be employed; and I anticipated them, by stating
that I did not produce the proceedings of those
conventions for the purpose of disproving that
which has been made a singularly offensive ex-
pression—the technical existence of the power;
but for the purpose of showing the true spirit and
meaning of the instrumen'; and that, under the
true construction of the constitutional duties of
Congress, that power ought not now to be exer-
cised. Yet, (and Senators will remember that I
made another point,) because I believe it would
be considered by some Senators hypothetical, I
made and discussed the question, whether the
language of the Constitution, giving to the State
Legislatures the power to regulate the times, places,
and manner of holding elections, involved the
power of determining whether members of Con
gress should be elected by congressional districts-
or by general ticket; and wheiher the very con-
struction of the language was not clearly this—that
they should have the power of determining the
places where the elections should be held; the
circumference within which the citizens should
come to the same polls; the manner in which
they should vote; and the manner in which
their votes should be received, and ail other regu-
lations respecting the holding of elections. This
was the question which I raised. I said, and I can-
didly repeat, that I doubt whether the contempo-
raneous construction of the powers of Congress,
as ihown in the proceedings of the Sute conven-
tions, would justify the conclusion that it was a
power which Congress ought to exercise. But the
Senator from Kentucky said I had admitted the
technical power of Congress to pass this bill.
Well, sir, I naturally said I did not deny the
technical power to pass the bill; but I did, and do,
deny lhat, in the shape in which it came from the
Hou«e of Representative*, it would have no force
or effect if passed into a law. This is what I said
upon this point; and the Senator found it conve-
nient to base his argument upon this admission, as
he called it, of the power to pass the bill.
Mr. W. proceeded to reply to the arguments of
the Senator from Kentucky in a speech of con-
siderable length, a full report of which is at present
necessarily deferred.
Mr. TALLMADGE remarked that his colleague
had displayed mach of the ingenuity for which he
was so distinguished. He says Congress is bound
to three great principles—their duty to the Consti-
tution, to the States, and to the people. If be
means that Congress owes any duty to the people,
paramount to its duty to the Constitution, or in
any sense csnflicting with Iheir duty to ihe Consti-
tu'ion, he denied the proposition. The Constitu-
tion points out ihe mode in which the thing now
proposed to be done is to be done. If the whole
power of holding elections is comprised in the
times, places, and manner of holding elections, the
Conslitution says the States shall exercise it; for
they are to prescribe the. times, places, and man-
net; and they are obliged to do it until Congress
chooses to aci.   When Congress, in conformity
i
