5  0
Hamilton, as presented in the Federalist. They
argued that tlse power of Congress was secondary,
not primary; and that its existence at all was only
necessary for its moral influence, and not for its
exercise, líe also quoted Judge Story's Commen-
taries, and those of Chancellor Ken , as well as
others, m support of this view of the subject.
The consequence of exercising the primary pow-
er by the Federal Government was foreseer,; and
to guard against this, it was made only a secondary
power. It was foreseen that, if the primary power
was givea to Congress, the Federal Government
Would have to provide Federal machinery, and go
into the States to exercise a supervisory and offen-
sive power! derogatory to their sovereign dignity
The experience of fifty years was in favor of nut
exercising the secondary power m subversion of
the primary power. To exercise it would be a vio-
lation of the good faith upon which the Constitu-
ían was ratified by States which never would
have ratified it, had the understanding been that
Congress was to exercise ibe primary power.
It is argued lhat the minority cannot be repre-
sented by the general ticket system. "What mi-
nority had caiied upon Congress for redress? May
not the aggregate minorities be as great in a State,
under the district system, as under the general-
¡mkgt system? No such protection of minorities is
invoked at the hands of Congress; the assumption
is entirely gratuitous.
Fearful pictures had been drawn of tbe conse-
quences of the consolidated party influences in a
liottibiñation of large States, but there was nothing
in reality in these terrors. Tne growth of popula-
tion was antagonist to all combinations. What has
never happened in the infancy of this Government,
never can happen in its maturity It is said now
is (he accepted time; but will it not be time
enough to aci, when facts, not apprehensions, de-
ifland the interference oí Congress?
He enumerated the differences which exist
throughout the several States, with regard to the
times, manner, and place of holding elections. The
avowed object of this change is to provide uni-
formity m all the States; yet it can only produce
Uniformity in a single particular, leaving all the
other divM\si!ie« ju*t as great as they ever have
been. The end ptopoied will not, therefore, be
attained.
tie did not anticipate resiManc on the part of
the Slates; but if they did íesist, it would remain
for Congress to act itself; and the only action it
could take would be to refu e admi.sioi into the
other branch to any Representatives not elected
according to this law. Congress, in that case,
would be placed in an antagonist position to the
States The States would be In an attitude of hos-
tility to the General Government. Sfaculd a va-
cancy occur m the representation of a S'ate, the
Governor alone has the right of issuing a procla-
mation to provide for the election of a Representa-
tive to BU the vacancy,
He would not depict the consequences  which
might result from the dissent of a large number of
the States.   They might be. although favr rabie to
the district system, yet aroused by a law, asserting
a power the exfrci-e of wh eh would be a viola-
tion of good faith   They might reverse their system.
Mr. BAYARD did not propose making a speech,
but had merely risen to make a stogie  remark in
reference to an argument made use of by the Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. Wright ]    The clause
in the bill which he propo-.es to amend, merely
says that each State shall be divided into a num-
ber of d stricts equal to the number of members to
which the S ate is entided.   It does not say each
dis'net shall have a full ratio; and that was a com-
plete answer to the notnn of fractions being unrep-
resented    It is not true that any portion of a dis-
trict goes  without a  Representative,     The  fir,t
thing is to fix the pruper number to form a  House
of Representatives, and th'n to apportion them ac-
cording to respective populations among the Slates
The Senator's amendment, therefore, is  evidently
unnecessary.    He asked the Sec efiry to read  the
proposed amendmest     [It was read.]    This was
«lurte unnecessary    There was nothing to prevent
órnate of New York from apportioning us íor.y
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
districts into whatever divisions of population it
pleased.
Mr WRIGHT was very sriad to be instructed
by the new view which the Senator from Delaware
had taken. He says tbere is nothing to prevent
New York being made one district or t«n districts,
notwithstanding hsr 300,000 inhabitants. Now, if
such was the latitude left by the law, he would be
better pleased to see tbs districts settled by Con-
gress at once, without calling upon the Legislature
of New York to do it.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut asked at what point
the national legislation was to begm, and the State
legislation to be left off, if the power is concurrent,
and yet the Federal power is paramount?
Mr. BERRIEN explained, that the assertion of
the concurrent power by the Federal Government
would be only partial. If it related to time, the
State Legislatures would have primary p iwer to
exercise over place and manner; so if Congress
exercised the power over place, the Sta'e would
exercise the primary power over tims and manner,
so also in relation io manner. Tne primary power
was paramount till the secondary power of altera-
tion interfered, and made the power of the State to
carry out the law secondary.
Mr. SMITH con'ended that Congress did not
act at all in this bill, it only orders the States to
act. This is stopping where Congress began—it is
an order without the force of a law, and therefore
is the same as no action at all. If Congress begins
to do what it may do, it has a right to do what it
undertakes, or not at all
The question was called for on Mr Wright's
amendment.
Mr ALLEN would vote for thi«, or any other
amendment that would make this section less ob-
jpctionable; butj would afterwards vo'e to strike
out the whole section, no matter how amended.
The yeas and ria>s were then taken, and resulted
as follow: yeas 19, nays 29:
YEAS—Mesare Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Calnoun,
Cuthbeit, Tulton, King, Linn, Mcltobeus Seviei, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Walker, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and
Young—19
N4lYS—¡Messrs Aicher, Banow, Bates, Bayard, Bernen,
CUoate, Clayton, Conrad, Crafts Evans, Graham, Henderson,
Huntington, Keir, Mangum, Merrick, Miller,Morehead, Phelps,
Portel, Fieston, Rives, Simmons, Smith of Connecticut, Smith
oflndiana, Sprague Tallmarfge, White, and Woodbndge—W
Mr, WALKER movad the following amend-
ment.
Provided, That this section shall not be so construed as to
lrmhda'e the flist election to Congresb m any btate under this
act, wheie the election in ¡?urb ^ft^te, under the esisang laws
theieof, takes place ata time pi eceding the stated period of the
meeting of then respective State Legislatures
Mr. WALKER remaiktd that he believed a
numbat of States, approaching a majority, if not
amounting to an actual majority, would have their
elections before their Legislatures meet in the reg-
ular sessions. It would impise great inconveni-
ence and expense to require those Sta es to convene
extra sessions of their Legislatures. There was
one State (Louisiana) in which the election takes
place early in July, where it will not hi possible for
the electors of the S>ate to be informed of the pas-
sage of this law It will be passing a law which,
in its operation on that Stale, will b" retrospective.
It goes to repeal the law by which the election had
taken place before the State was notified of its ex-
istence. In Mississippi, and other States, it would
be necessary to have caiied sessions. This would
be placing the representation at the mercy of the
Governors of those States
Mr, LINN suzgested to the Senator from Mis-
sissippi  [Mr Walker] to accept of this as a sub-
i  s'nute for his amendment:
Proi idpd, Ttwt the pinvisions of this law shall not affect the
election of members to the 23th Congiess
Mr L. said (his would cover the whole grounj.
He would say to ibe friends oí this bill, that if this
proviso was adopted, it would strip it ol all pa.t)
complexion 1f.ey could bo! then be accused of
g« ttrig up this till for the purpose ot accomplish-
ing party motives Th*> Senate seemed to he «o
closely divided oa the qutstion of this second sec-
tion, that it was hard to tell what would be the re-
sult for one side or another.
Mr. WALKER said he would accept the sub
stitute, and withdraw his proposition for ¡he pres-
ent.    And if the sub .ltute did not prevail, he
would introduce his amendment again.
Mr. LINN said he would then make ibe proposi-
tion, which would exempt all the States from the
opf rations of the bill for the present. He would cer-
tainly have moved to exclude Missouri, but, as there 
were other S a'es alike situated, he proposed trite,
as it would cover the whole ground.
Mr. WALKER demanded the yeas and nays
on this proposition; which were ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS called the attention of the Sen-
ate to the position in which his State (Maine) weald
Be placed by ihissecdnd section. The last winter,
when the Legislature of that State was in session,
it was believed by that body that the State woulá
be entnltd to eight Representatives under a new
ratio They therefore passed a law to district
the State for eight members, and provided, in
the same bill, that if there should be a different
number assigned her, the election should be for the
next two years by general ticket. The Legislature
having met, subsequently, by special call, finding
that Maine would be entitled to a different number
than eight, proceeded to pass a law to district the
State for nine and ten; so that provision was made
to district the State for eight, nine, and ten. This
was done to save the expense of an additional ex-
tra session. But, by the ratio fixed in this bill, she
will be entnled to seven only. No provision hav-
ing been mads to district the State for such a num-
ber, (seven,) the election will have to be made by
general ticket. The election will take place in
September. If the amendment of tbe Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Walker,] or the substitute
accepted by him, of tbe Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Linn,] was adopted, it would relieve his
State from the embarrassment of the position in
which the second section of this bil' would plaes
her.
Mr. HENDERSON said he had intended to
make a proposition to exempt the State of Mis-
sissippi from the operations of the bill for the next
election. He ihougbt the objects of the bill {¡hat
is, for districting the States, and thereby producing
uniformity) right, and would vote for it. His
reasons for supporting it were not based on party
calculations. Some Senators seamed to think such
was the motive for its adoption. He did not know,
and d d not care. Believing the object to be at-
tained was right, he should vote for it. The elec-
tions of the Legislature were biennial, and the
Legislature met biennially. There would not be a
meeting of the L'gisiature for nearly eighteen
months after the election Time and opportunity
could not be afforded, after the passage of this bill,
to call the Legislature of Mississippi toggther, for
the purpose of making her election system conform
to tbe law. Therefore, from a desire that his State
shall be relieved from the difficulty which is una-
voidable, he would vote to exempt, not only that
State from the operations of the bill, but others
similarly situated. Hs would vote for the amend-
ment in its present form.
Mr CUTHBERT made a single suggestion to
the gentlemen who supported this bill The Sen-
ator from Mississippi said he was not aware that it
affected any party. But if it was evident the bill
had a bearing of being prompted by party motives,
he should appeal to them whether it was consistent
with delicacy to force it through, under such cir-
cumstances; and ask them, would it not stand be-
fore the people weakened by that circumstance?
It would naturally be concluded that it was the
party urging the bill through, which was to benefit
by it. He called upon them to act with that deli-
cacy of sentiment which ought to prompt them, for
their own credit, to make the change proposed by
this amendment
Mr. ARCHER asked how tbis bill was to act
for the benefit of the party advocating the clause?
Mr. CUTHBERT obseived, that it may opera'e
for the benefit of a party—he would not say what
party. But he would explain what he meant.
Suppose Alabama was entitled to nine members,
while under the general ticket system, she would
have fe whole rim  of the party now m the mi-
nority in Congre-s; but, und r the district system,
ihe same party would have probably but five: would
not that be proof that this daaie acted for tbe
benefit of the party forcing ¡hrough the bill now
with this clause?    That party, out of dehiacy,
