CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mí
er        .....    : '    "      '-......,:       :     =
ought to postpone the effect till after the election
for the next Congress.
Mr. LINN had some observations to make, and
would wish to proceed with them now, provided
the vote on the bill could be taken this evening;
but if it could not, he would rather defer his re-
marks till to morrow.
Some conversational discussion arose about ad-
journing, during which
Mr. SEVIER made a motion to adjourn; which
was agreed to, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Tuesday, June 7, 1842.
Mr. CLIFFORD presented the resolutions of
the Legislature of Maine, in relation to the pay
and mileage of memoers of Congress.
Also, the petition of A. L. Hobson and others,
praying for the establishment of a mad-route.
Mr FlLLMORE, by instructions of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, reported a bill to ex-
tend for a limited period the present laws for lay-*
ing and collecting dunes on imports. Read twice,
referred to the Committee ef the Whole House on
the state of the Union; and ordered to be printed.
XN B. The bill extends the operation ot the pres-
ent tariff laws to 1st August next ]
Mr. TH03. J. CAMPBELL, on leave, intro-
duced a bill supplementary to the act entitled "An
act making appropriations for preventing and sup-
pressing Indian hustiltties for the year 1839," read
twice, referred to the Committee of t.ie Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed
Mr. GAMBLE movei to go into Committee of
the Wools on the siate of the Union, to ta'te up
the bill from the Senate making appropriations
for the pay of certain Geotgia militia who were
called into the service of the United States; but
waived h s motion at the request of
Mr. FILLMORE, who moved that the House
Sake up and consider the amendments made yester-
day in Committee of the Whole on the army bill.
Mr. CUSHING wished to have some under-
standing in relation to some business that had been
deferred by general consent. He referred to the
message of the Presídele in relation to the New
York custom-house investigations, on which sub-
ject he was entitled to the floor.
Mr. G. DAVIS inquired whether the gentleman
was in order.
The SPEAKER said that it would be recollected
that the subject spoken of by the gentleman from
Massachusetts was taken up by the unanimous
consent of the House, and was laid aside by unan-
imous consent, for the purpose of taking up the
army bill; and that there was an understands at
the time, which was put upon the journal, that it
should be taken up when that bill was disposed of.
Some conversation further ensued between
Messrs. G. DAVIS, CUSHING, FILLMORE,
EVERkTT, and the CHAIR, on the point of order
involved; resulting m the Speaker's deciding that
the gentleman from Massachusetts had a ng>it to
call up the message, and that he was entitled to the
floor to discuss it, whereupon
Mr. CUSHING, at the request of Mr. FILL-
MORE, yielded hi? right to the floor, to enable him
to bring up the army bill.   So,
On motion by Mr. FILLMORE,
Tne House took up the bill making appropria-
tions for the support of the army and of the mili-
tary academy (or me year 1843, the question being
on concurring with the amendments made yester-
day in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MORGAN called for the previous question,
but it was not seconded by the House
Mr. REYNOLDS moved to refer the bill to a
select committee, with instructions to inquire into
the expediency of abolishing ihe military academy
at West Point.
The SPEAKER said that the motion was not
now in order, but that it would be in ordsr when
the bill came up for engrossment, or on its passage.
Mr. REYNOLDS asked if it was in order for
him to say any thing in relation to the West Point
academy at this time.
The SPEAKER replied that it would be in or-
der if the gentleman made a motion.
Mr. REYNOLDS was about proceeding with
some remarks, when
Mr. ADAMS asked if it was in order for the
gentleman to make a speech on the subject of West
Point, when the question was on concurring with
the amendments made in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER said it weuld be in order if the
gentleman moved ah amendment.
Mr. ADAMS asked if it was in order to move
an amendment, when the amendments of the Com-
mittee of the Whole were under consideration.
Mr. REYNOLDS. Weil, I move to strike out
the appropriations for West Poiut.
The SPE 4.KER. The motion is not now in ol-
der, while amendments are under consideration.
Mr. EVERETT inquired if the Chair deeided
that a motion to amend took precedence of the
motion to comma The genileman from Illinois,
moted to recommit the bill with instructions. He
understood the Chair to decide that the motion
could not be made, while a motion to amend was
under consideration.
The SPEAKER said ibat the question was first
on concurring with the amendments made in Com-
mittee of the Whole.          N
Mr. McKAY wished to offer a<\ amendment, to
which he begged the attention ot the House It
was withii the recollection of the memberb that, by
the act of 1838, the pay of several of the officers
ot the army was increased By the law as n now
stood, the pay of the officers of ¡he Maff, of the
dragoon% of the ordnance, and of the engineer corps
was greater than that of the artillery and infantry.
Without going into ail the details, he would con-
tent himself with presenting a table to the House,
showing the pay and emolt'msnts of ¡he officers
of all these corps
Mr. McK here read a table, showing the differ-
ent pay and emoluments of the officer of each
corps.
There was also the same difference in regard to
all the allowances which are considered under the
head of "emoluments," so that officers rf the |
staff, of the dragoons, ordnance, engineer, and to- i
pographical corps, receive more than the officers of l
the artillery and infantry. Ttns> difference had
¿ormed the subject of great and frequent complaint
on the part of the officers of the latter
corps. The officer  of these two arms say : "We
are the men who are m the field; we do the fight-
ing, and undergo the fatigue and hardships of a
campaign, and there is no reason why our pay
should not be the same as lhat of the officers of
the other corps :" and they presented the alterna
Uve to Congress, either to ¡ara their pay, or to reduce
that of the others to an equality wi th that which they
receive. Mr. McK admitted that there had gene'ally
been a difference between ihe pay received by the
officers of the artilleiy and infantry, and the other
I corps The object of the amendment made in
Committee of the Whole, to which he referred, was
to bring about an equality of pay among the dif-
ieren! corps of th"* army, but it went too far The
effect would be, to deprive a portion of the staff of
what they were necessarily entitled to • h  meant
forage. As ihe amendment nov« stocd, all the offi-
cers of ihs army, of whatever corps, are to receive
the same pjy and emoluments as are allowed to
the artillery and infantry, bji as the officersof these
corps are rot allow  d forage for horses, tie staff
officers, whose duties required of them to be
mounted, would al o be deprived of that allowance
He admitted ihatthere was a necessity forieform
in one respect. By tne act of 1838, the officers of
the ordnance, engineer, and topographical corps
are allowed the same pay and emoluments as the
officers of dragoons. Well, a lieutenant of cavalry
i  allowed forage for two horse , and, therefore, the
1'eu tenants of ihe othT corps ju«t mentioned, wheiber
stationed in the bureaus at Washington, or mtei-
speised through ihscountryjinakingsuivey*, though
theirdutiesd > not require of ihem to be mounted, are
also allowed forage, and though those on duty «ur
veying are also avowed transportation The al-
lowance (Mr McK said) was #8 per month for each
hoise, and the officers who receive the allowance
have to certify on honor that they actually keep the
number they receive the allowance for, but it was
notorious that the certificates had become a mere
matter of form. A member near him suggested
that, if they certify falsely, they would be cashiered,
if found out, but the very judges who would trip
him would be those who were guilty of the same
offence. Mr. McK, after a few more observa-
tions, concluded by saying that he was aware that
the House was impatient, and he would therefore
occupy their attention no longer; contenting him-
self with submitting for their consideration thb
amendment that he proposed to offer with the
accompanying table that he hadfjust read Mr. McK.
then read an amendment providing that officers
of the staff, whose duties requited of them to bfe
mounted, should receive a proportionate allowance
for forage.
Mr ¡C. J. INGERSOLL desired to submit a mo-
tion for ihe deliberate consideration of the House—a
motion which had just been overruled, and which,
upon a little reflection, he was satisfied would be
considered in order, it was ¡o recommit the bill
with instructions; and that course would perhaps
tend to the accommodation of all round.
The SPEAKER made some inquiry, which was
not distinctly heard.
Mr. INGERSOLL said all he had to say was,
that it was obvious, from what had just fallen from
th« gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. McKit,}
that they were proceeding with most perilous, pre-
cipitancy, and he should now move to recommit the
bill to the Committee on Military Affairs, or to any
othei, as the House might determine, witn mstruc-
tion«, such as were contained in the identical resd^
lution by v.hieb. the army was i educed m 1821.
That "psoluiion wa^ in the following term':
ResoUed, That the Secretaiy of Wai be directed to report
to this House, at thf commencement of the next session of
Coogc&s, apian for the leducuon of the army to six thou-
sand, non commissioned officeis, musicians and privates, and
such reduction of the general staff as may be required by this?
■.tate of thi- ai my as is herein proposed and preserving such parto
oftliecorpSor'f.ngin^eis as m his opimnri, without regard to that
number, it may be for the public interest to retain, and, also,
what saving oí the public íevenue will be produced by such
an auangement of the army ao he may piopone in conformity
with thisiesolution
Hemoved the recommitment of ihe bill with these
instructions, (and on this he called for the ayes and
noes, that he «n«ht have the oppoitumty to record
his name upon it,) and that was aH-tW£¡p<>echJie
intended to make, except to say that it would ap-
pear, from what had fallen from gentlemen in this
debate, (hat they had arrived at such a pass in this
country that the army cannot be reduced but in an
appropriation bill, when they were compelled to
act amidst confusion and with ignorance of the
subject. If suca were 'o be the course, he wished
it to be known. Let the country know that this
alleged failure of representative government was
a truth He, for one, did not believe it. And if
this were to be done under the previous question,
let trtem al o know that H , for one, was ready
to reduce the aimy. He saw many gro^s abuses
existing, but he would vote against any amend-
ment that would carry this measure into effect in
the way in which they were doing it, for he appre-
hended the consequTicet. would be disastrous. He
concluded by submitting h s motion to recommit
the b 11 to the Mili'ary Committee, with the in-
s ructions which ha had specified; and, on this mo-
lion, he called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. FILLMORE inquired if this motion was in
order
The SPEAKER was understood to reply in the
affirmatiye
Mr. REYNOLDS desired to amend the motion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Inoer-
soll,] by the additiun ot instructions to inquire into
Ihe expediency of alteram or charging the laws
establishing the West Point academy—or, in other
words, to abolish it. If be were not satisfied that
he a a? light, he would not have troubled the com-
mttee with the motion, but he knew the West
Point academy must, if not abolished, be very
mucn a'tered, to make it aecep'able to the people.
Th   people—and especia ly the tarmers oi  the
Weit__were net willing to sustain that institution.
as now organized and conducted, and if it came
before the people, the aristocratic influence which
sus'ained lhat institution would come to naught.
The gentleman from. New Yotk, [Mr. Wab.d,1
