CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tillery service, whether the same be for their pay or' emolu-
ments, or any other service
The yeas and nays having been ordered, the
question was taken on this amendment, and result-
ed in a decision in the affirmative—yeas 110, nays
83, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Allen, Arnold, Amugton,Atherton,
Aycngg, Beeson, Bidlack, Black, Boardman, Boyd, Aaron V
Brown, Charles Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Burke William
Butler, Patrick O Caldwell, Calhoun, John Campbell, William
B Campbell, Thomas J Campbell, Caruihers, Cary, Casey,
Chapman, Clifford, Mark A Cooper, Cowen, Daniel, Garrett
Davis, Richard D Davis, Deberry, Doan, Doig, Eastman, John
C Edwaids, Egbert, John 6 Floyd, Charles A Floyd, Foi
nance, A Lawrence roster, Gerry, Giddings, Gilmer, Gosgin,
Patrick G Goode, William O Goode, Graham Green Gwin,
Hall, Hams, John Hastings, Hays, Houck, Houston, [lubard,
Hunter, James Irvm, Jack, Cave Johnson, John W Jones,
Keim, Lane, Lewis, Lmn, Lnttefield, Abraham McClellan, Mc
Kay, McKeon, Alfred Vlaishall, Mathiot, Mathews, Mattocks,
Maynard, Medill, Meriwether, Muchelt, Moore, Owuley, Pat
ridge, Payne, Pendleton, Pickens, Pope, Ramsey, Read, Red
mg, Rencher, Reynolds, Rogers, Roosevelt, William Russell,
James M Russell, Saunders, Shaw, Shepperd, shields, Sprigg,
btanly, Steenrod, Stratton, Summers, Sweney, Turney,
Underwood, Warren, Weller, Westbrook, James W Williams,
Chns'opher H Williams, and Augustus Young —110
NAYS—Messrs LandarTW Andrews, Baker, Barnaid, Bar
ton, Birdseye, Bfair, liowne, Brewster, Briggs, Brockway,
Bronson, Cnittendi n, John C Clark, Staley N Clarke, Clinton,
Cranston, Cravens, Cross, Cushmg, Dawson, Dean, Everett,
Ferns, Fessenden, Fillmore, Thomas V roster, Gamble,
Granger, Gustine, Habeisham, Halsted, Holmes, Howaid,
Hudson, Hunt, Charles J Ingersoll, Joseph R Ingersoll,
James, William Cost Johnson, Isaac D Jones, John P Ken
nedy, King, Lowell, Robert McClellan, MoKennan, Samson
Mason, Maxwell, Miller, Morgan, Morns, Morrow, Oliver, Oo
borne, Plumer, Powell, Benjamin Randall, Alexander Randall,
Randolph, Rhett,Ridgway, Riggs, Rodney, Saltonstall, Tin
man Smith, Stokely, John T Stuart, Sumter, John B Thomp
son, Tillinghast, Toland, Tomlmson, Trumbull, Van Rensse
laer, Ward, Washington, Edward 1} White, Joseph L White,
Thomas W Wil'iams, Joseph L Williams, Wise, Yoike, and
John Yong -83
The next amendment, providing that hereafter
no additional rations shall be allowed lo the com-
manding officers of separate pobts, was. concurred
in—yeas 105, nays 89, as follows.
YEAS—Messrs Arnold Arrmgton, Alhcrton, Aycngg, Bee
son, Bidlack, Black, Boardman, Boyd, Aaion V Blown, M
Blown, C Brown, T Blown, Burke, P C Caldwell, Calhoun,
William B Campbell, Thomas Í Campbell, Caruthpis,
Cary, Casey, Chapman, ( lifford, M A Cooper, Cjwen, Dan
lei, Richard D Davis, Deberry, Doan, Doig, Lastiman, J C Ld
wards, t-gbert, Terns, John G Floyd Challes A Floyd, Tor
nance, A L Foster, Gerry, Gilmer, Goggin, Wm O
Goode, Graham, Gustine, Gwin, Hams, John Hastings, Hays,
Hopkins, Houck, Houston, Howaid, Hubard, Hunter, Jack,
James, dive Johnson John W Jones Kum, Lewis Littlefiel I,
Abraham McClellan, Robert MiClellan, AJeKay, McKeon,
Maichand, Mathiot, Mathews, Mattocks, Miynaid, Medill,
Meriwether, Mitchell, Newhard, Owsley, Payne, Pickens,
Plumer, Pope, Ramsey, Read, Redmg, Rencher, Reynold*,
Rogers, Roosevelt, Wm Russell, 'ames M Russell, Shaw,
fehepperd, Shields, Snyder,  pngg, Meemod, Stokely Stiatlon,
Sumter, Sweney, John B rhompson, thideiwood, Van Bui en
Warren, Watteison, V\ellei, Wtstbrook, Joseph I White,
James W Williams, Christopher li Williams, and Joseph L
Williams-105
NAYs—Messib Adams, Allen, L W Aniliews, Hainan!,
Barton, B!an, Bowne, Brewstei, l!ug^«, Biockway, Bronson,
William Buder, William O Butler, lohn Campbell, Clulds,
Chittenden, John C Clark, Staley N Clirkt Clinton, Cran^u n,
Cravens, Cioss, Cushmg, Gairett Davi , Daw on, Dean, Lv
orett, Fessenden Fillmoio, T 1 To&ter Gamble, P G Goode,
Grangei, Green, Habersham, Hall, Halsted, liulmes, ilovvaid,
Hudson, Hunt, O J Ingeisoll, J R Ingeisoll, lames livn,
W W Irwin, W C Johnson, Isaac D Jones, John P Ken
nody, King, Lane, Linn, Lowell, J S Mason, Maxwell, Miller,
Moore, Morgan, Morris, Morrow, Oliver, Osbotne, Pendle
tan, Powell, Benjamin Randall A Randall, Randolph, Rid¿
way, Rigga, Rodney, Saltonstall, Truman Smith, Stanly, John
T Stuart, Summers, Taliaferro, R W Thompson, Till ng
hast, Toland, lomlinson, Trumbull, Van Rensselaer, Ward,
Wushington,Ed*ardD White, lhomas W Williams, Wise,
Yorke, and Augustus Young—89.
Mr ANDREWS of Kentucky moved the re-
consideration of the vote, by which the 2i divisioa
of the 1st amendment, cutting off the appropria-
tion fjr the 2d íegiment oí dragoons, was rejected,
and called for tbe yeas and nays, which w^re or-
dered, and
On taking the question, it was decided in the af-
firmative—yeas 94, nays 89.
The question then recurred on concurring in ihe
2d division of the 1st amendment; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 83, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Lantlaff W Andrews, Arnold, Ar
rington, Atherton, Aycngg, Beeson Black Boyd, Milton Brown,
Burke Wm Butler, Patrick C Caldwell, Calhoun, John Camp
bell, William B Campbell, Thomas J Campbell Carutheib
Casey, Chapman, Colquitt, Mark A Cooper, Cowen, Daniel,
Garrett Drvis Dean, Debeny, Eastman, Egbert, TofnG Floyd,
Charles A Floyd Fornance, A L lostei Gerty, GzJJmgs,
Gilmer, Goggin, William O Goode, Graham Gieen Gwin
Hall, Hoos.on, Huberd, Hunter, Cave Johnson, John W Iones,
Keim, Lawrence, Lewis, McKay, Mathews, Mattocks,, M lynard
Meriwether, Mitchell, Morgan, Osborne, Owsley, Pamdge
Payne, Pickens, Pope, Benj Randal], Read, Reding, R-nchei,
HfoM , Rhett, Rogers, Wm. Russell, James M Russell,
««Wa«eM, Stow, Shepperd, Blade, Snyder, Sprigg, Stanly,
Steenrod, Stra ton, John T Stuart Summers, Sweney, {?hnB
Thompson, I urney, Underwood, Warren, Washington, Weller,
Westbrook, C H Williams and John Young—94
NAYe—Messis Allen, Baker, Barnard, Barton, Birdseye,
Blair, Bnggs, Bronson, A V Brown, Chas Brown, J Brown,
Burnell.Wm O Butler,Childs, Chmendei .Clifford, Cranston,
Cravens, Crow, Cushini , Richard D Davis, Dawson lohn I
Edwards, Lverett, Ferris, Fessenden, Tillmore, Gamble, P G
Goode, Granger, Gustine Habersham, Halsted, Hams, John
Hastings, Holmes, Hopkins, Howard, Hudson, C J Inge*ol!,
J R Ingersoll James Irvm, W W Irwin, James, Wm Cost
Johnson, Tsaac D Jones, John P. Kennedy, Km?, Lane, Little
field, Lowell, Robert McClellan, MoKennan McKeon, A Mar
shall Samson Mason, Mathiot, Maxwell M dil! Miller Moore,
Morris, Morrow, Newhard, Oliver, Plumer, Powell, Ramsey,
Aletandei Randall Randolph, Ridgway, Riggs, Rodney Roose
velt, Salstonstall, Shields, Truman Smith, Stokely, Sumter,
Taliaferro, R W Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland, fomlinson,
Truirbull, Van Buren, Van Rensselaer, Ward, E D White,
Joseph L White, Joseph L   Williams, Wise, and Wood—S3
All the amendments were then concurred in, ex
cept ihe amendment to the 21st item, which pro-
vided that no ordnance storekeeper shall receive fcr
bis services a greater compensation than r¡ allowed
by the act of 5th April, 1832, which was not con-
curred in.
The bill was thefi ordered to be engrossed for a
tmrd reading; and it was ordered to be read a third
time "now."
The bill was read a third lime by l's title; and
on the question of its passage—
Mr. W. C JOHNSON moved to commit the
bill to the Committee on Mili ary Affairs, with in-
structions to repor', at as early a day aspracticable,
a bill, =o modified and improved, as to present such
a military system as may be consistent wuh a due
regard lo efficiency and economy.
After a few words of explanation from Mr. W
COST JOHNSON, and in reply by Mr CAVE
JOHNSON, the latter gentleman moved the pre-
vious question, and the ayes and noeb were ordered
on Ihe passage of the bill.
Mr GUSHING a«ked to be excused from voting
on th° passage of tht bill If he voted n the af-
firmative, it might imply ?n approval of this lll-
diVMon, destructive oí ha mihlary force of tne
country; and if he voted in the negative, he might
be construed as refusing any rrilinry appropria-
tion whatever.
The Hou e Kfired to excuse Mr Cushing from
voting—ayes 72, noe" 81.
The question was then taken on the passage of
the bill, and resulted—ayes 163, noes 22, as fol-
lows:
YEAS —Messr  Adams, Allen I andan* W Andrews, \r
nold, Arlington, Atherton, Aycrieg Baker, Biinaid Beeson,
Bn 1st ye, itlack, Blau, Boaidm in, Boy I, Bnggs, Bionson,
Adío i V Blown Milton Blown Jeiemiah Brown, Burke,
Willi un Butlci, William O Butlei, Green W Caldwell, Pa
tu k( Caldwell, Calhoun, John Canif bell, William 15 Camp,
b 11 Thotnai J Campbell Caruthers, Cary, Casey, Chapman,
Clmds, Chitttnden, John C Claik, htaley N Clarke Clifford
Colquitt Mark A Coop i C iweu, Cnvens Daniel, Ganett
Davis Richtri L> Divis Debelry, Do g, Eastman John C
Edwards E„l)eit Ttssenden Fillmoie John G rioyd For
nance, Cimble, Geuy Gidil ngs Gilmer, Giggm, Patnck G
Goo le, William O Guale Ciibim, Gnnger, Green, Gustine,
Gwin Ilabersh un Hall, JIal ed, John Hastings Hopkins
II nick, Houston, Howaid, Hubard IIu Ison, Huntet, Hunt,
Joseph R Ingeisoll, James Iivm, Wilum W Iiwm, Jack,
James ( ave f ilmson, John W Jones, Keim John P Ken
nedy, King Lane, Lawrence Lewis I inn I ittteficld I owed,
Abraham McClellan, Robert McClellan, Mclfay, MoKennan
McKeon, Marchand, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynard, Medill,
Meuwiher, Mitchell, Moore, Morgan, Monow Newhai 1,
Oliver, Osborne, Owsley, Parmentei, Patnclge, Payne, Pen
dleion, Pickens, Plumer, Pope, Powell, Ramsay, Beniamm
Rand 11, Alexandei Randall, Randolph, Read, Redmg Rench
cr Ridgway, Rodney William Russell James M Russell Shcp
peid, ^lade, Truman Smith, tepngg, Stanly, Steenrod, Stokely,
buation, John % Stualt, Summeis, feumter, John B Thump
son RichatdW Tllompso , Toland Irumbull Tumey Un
utrwood, Van Buien Wairen Washin tm, Wattei.on, Weller
Weotbiook Ldwiid D White, Ipsepn I Whitt. Thomas W
Williim t hrbtophu II Williams, lo eph L Williams
Wood \oike Augustus Young and Join \oung—163
iMiV-j—Messib B i oi, Biwne Bieiser, diaries B.own
Clinton, ( oles, ( lauston, Cioss, Dawson, Feins, Charles A
Iloyd, diaries J Ingersoll, Isaac D Jones Samson Mison,
Miller, Reynolds, Riggs, Roosevelt, bnyder, 1 abaferro, Tilín g
hast, and Waul—22
Mr C BROWN said, m voting against thf- b,i|,
he voied against ihe military academy at Y^est
Point
The question recurring upon ti e title, Mi C J
INGERáOLL mo/ej to amend it and «aid ! <? di 1
so for the parnose of saymg whit ie ncn'edto
have sdl(( vAen ih" p evious qucb, on w/s voitrd
by the g^nt'euian fioai Tennessee (Air C Jo'iN-
sou ] He uisbtd to ' ave the bi 1 retened back to
the committee, for the purpose of inquiring into the
expediency ot making ceitam changes in the mili-
tary academy at West Point.   He wished to pre-
serve that academy, but believed that it was only
to be preser"ed by tne moot radical reforms and
changes. He would have the Military Com-
mittee inquire into the expediency of first depriving
the cadets of pav, secondly, of confining appoint-
ments msde from among tbem to the scientific
portion of the army officers; and, thirdly, of
mabirg it an mdi pen«abl<  requisite, before any
one could mount a^ epaulette upon his shoulder,
that he, shou'd serve twelve months m ihe ranks,
as is done in all ibe monarchies of Europe.
Having stated what he desired, he wuhdrew his
amendment to the tule of the bill.
Tn-SPEAKER laid before the House a num-
ber of extcu'ive documents, wbich were ordered to
be pr nted.
From tLe Navy Department, in answer to the
resolution of the 20th ult, making inquiry con-
cerning the steamers on the Western waters.
From the Navy Department, in answer to a re-
solution of the 30 h ult., inquiring for the orders
re~ently issued in relation to the budding and
launching of ships.
From fie War Department, in relation to the
appropriations needed by taat department.
From the Treasury department, communicating
the names of the clerks employed in that Depart-
ment in the year 1841.
T-t>e SPEAKER also presented a memorial from
Amos Kendall, asking to be released from the pay-
ment of a fine imposed on him m consequence of
an act performed when in the discharge of his offi-
cial duties as Postmaster General of the United
Stales
Mr. HOPKINS moved its reference to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WISE moved us leference to the Committee
on Ihe Judiciary.
Some discussion ensued, in which Messrs. WISE,
HOPKINS, BRIGGS, BARNARD, and STAN-
LY, took part
Mr WISE's motion was then adopted.
Tre ¡sPEáKERalso presenteda statement from
Ciptain A. Talcott, and asked its reference; and
that a be printed.
Oojecticn having been made, before any ques-
tion was taken,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wedne.sd.ay, June 8, 1842.
O i mot-1 n oí Mr SEVIER, the Senate look up
the bill to au'horz  the Secretary oí War to ad-
jus' the claim of Benjamin Murphy, of the State
of Arkansas, for the value of cattle and hogs
taken oy the Cherokee Indians in ihe year 1829
The Dili having been read tbe third time and
pa- ed, and the question being on the adoption of
the tule—
Mr. SEVIER said the title, as it stood, com-
prised 'he whole bill itself. He would, therefore,
move so to amentTit as to read "A bill for the re-
lief of Benjsmm Murphy."
Mr VvHITE said he had no objection to the
amendment of the title, except that he preferred it
as it stood, for its antiquity. It was many years
old.
The question was put, and the title was amended.
The act to provide for the set lement of the
chin of the StPte of Ma ne for the s rvices of her
milipa, havrg been returned from the House of
Representatives with an amendment, the amend-
ment was read, and concurred in by the Senate.
On motion < t Mr LÍNN, the Senate proceeded
to he considera ion of the general order , when
The Dili for the relief of Thomas Fillebrown, j-.
came up in its order.
Mr. PHELPS said it was evident that this bill
wo ¡Id lead tj deb, *e, and, on his motion, it was
1, d o-i the table, for the purpose of taking up the
b 11 for th.° relief of Silas Dean.
Thp bill for tbe settlement of the accounts of
Cilas D^an was then taken up, as in committee of
li  whole
The qjesdon pending, when ihe bill was Ia t up,
was the motion of Mr. King of A'abama to strike
out so mneh of the bill as authorized the account-
ing officers to settle the accounts of Mi. Dean,
1} and so to amend it as to authorize the Secretary of
