"M
Mr. LINN said he had been unwilling yesterday
evening that the question should be taken upon
the amendment proposed by him, until he had an
opportunity of maUing a few remarks upon the
subject. He (Mr Linm) had made a proposition
to cover ail those cases where the elections would
take place before the Legislatures of the States
could be called together, and have th « bill sub-
mitted to them for their consideration. The elec-
tion in the State of Missouri would take place on
the first Monday m August; and they had made
provision that the elect on snould be by general-
ticket, as they had been accustomed to do for tne
last ten years. The passage of this bill, therefore,
without the modification which he had proposed,
would unquestionably produce collision^ between
the people of the Siaie of Missouri and the Gov-
ernment of the United States. And, although some
of his Whig friends in the Senate might turn up
their eyes in pious horror at the idea of collision
taking place, yet he (Mr. L ) was not the less con-
vinced that collisions would take place, and he
must be permitted to say that he was not a lutle
surprised, after the ten cent rebellion, and a 1 the
other extraordinary acts which had cnaracenzed
the proceedings of the Whig party, that those gen-
tlemen should express any astonishment or alarm.
Oa the first Monday m August next, the election m
Missouri would take place, and her Representatives
would present themselves, at the commencement
of the next Congress, with the cer ificates of
their election, and the question would then come
up, whether we would receive them or not. Why
should they not, by the adoption of ibis amendment,
obviate the occurrence of any collision'!
The second section of the bill, in bis opinion,
had not been called for by any human being in the
United States of America, out of Congress There
had been no complaint regarding the system pur-
sued under the old laws of electing by general
ticket. Why, then, was that section inserted at
this time? He apprehended it was chiefly for the
purpose of producing political cornmotmn through-
out the country—such commotions as bad, unfortu-
nately, agita'ed this conntry for many years.
What good practical result could possibly be pro-
duced by it? It had been urged that there was an
advantage in having minorities protected. But
gentlemen must recollect that in the New England
States a majority of all the votes was required to
elect a member to Congress. If they wished them
to establish a uniformity, it would be necessaiy to
go into the whole system; whereas they had, m this
bill, touched upon one point only—namely, the
district system. They had not provided for the
necessity of coercing the State Legislature , they
had not touched upon the subject ot the purity of
elections; they had made no provision for the ho) 1-
mg ot the elections on the same day throughout the
xi hole United States
The Senate knew very well that the want of such
a provision had rendered ih- elections of 1840 the
most corrupt, perhaps,, whichever look place in any
country    He (Mr   L) was ct  tie epituon that
compelling the elections to be held on  the same
day would have the effect of cutting up the tre-
mendous influence which the large Stale  were «up
posed to exert over the small ones    A bill embra-
cing all tbe^e poin's must be productive of lnfim e
good,  by destroying all influence oí  the farcer
States over the small.   That an influence did ex-
ist, there could be no doubt; and ev^rv da> mude
more apparent the necessity of  uch an enactment
as would embrace the whole election sjstem    E<
actly in proportion as  the means and facilities ot
intercourse between different parts of the, country
was extended, the transfer of votes wfcsiacditated
It seemed to him, therefore, ihe question assumed
a political aspect—a party one.   He would not ois-
gaise bis opinion upon this point; he believed it
was a party question.    He beloved—and he chose
to speak plainly—that the Wh g party would de
rive a positive advantage  from   tli'S   psrhtu'ar
clause ot the bin.
He was dispo.ed—as the people had nowhere
moved in the matter—as they had no. been called
on to pass such a provision—to put off its opera-
Wai for two years, to place it beyond the possibili-
ty  being suspected to have proceeded from party
CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
mouves, ind that their succejso-'S might have an
opportuw'y to act upon the subject H' hoped
gentlemen w«uid be willing fo strip it of tnis impu
tation Would it not be írfiaitely better that the
people everywhere, in their primary legislation,
should coiné t > its consideration1* and that they
would express a wise and discreet opinion upoa it,
he had no doubt Why would gentlemen press a
measure which could have no ottwr effect than to
keep up political excitement in the country'
There had been convulsions enough. The mone-
tary system of the country had been convulsed to
its centre. So it had been wi h tne polit'eal world;
and they were beginning once more to sisk down
into a state of repose. They would have an op-
portum'y, he earnestly hoped, to gatner up the
fragments of the past, and build a last ng structure
for ¡he future.
Mi-ooun would be ene of the first States that
would elect her Representatives, and send them
here, m despite of the second section of this bill.
And what would be the result ? Could anything
but evil and violence be the result ? Why, then,
put thi bitter cup to the lips of anv S ate in the
Union 1 Why was it insisted upon ? Was it for
the remote contingency that the district system m
the United States might, pos lbly, at some remote
day, prove .i benefit to the weaker States? Tne
weaker Slates had demanded no such protection.
Had Senators the power of prescience—of looking
forward into futurity? Of all men on the face ot
the earth, he thought his Whig friends should be
the last to claim the power of prescience. Let the
Representatives ofMissmn be excluded, b^ciu«e
not elected under this ls>w, and carry the «a-ne
principle to the States of Maine, Georgia, and M 3.
sissippi- and what would be the condit 01 ot ihe
country' Could any thing Lut convulsion and
revolution be the result'
Whethtrbis amendment prevailed, or not, he did
bope that an amendment, to exempt particuhr
Slates fro-n the ope^Hon of lh= s^coi d section of
tnis b 1!, would be «d ¡>ted, thi! th se S'aics night
be prevented from coming in coi'ision with the
General Government. He had purposely avoided
saying anything on the constimti na'iiy of the
quesfop. Tne su >j°et bid been worn threadbare
by men of more alilit/ than he laid c'a'm to pos-
sess, and the Sena t "va, very closely divided upon
1'. They were, in feet, reduced to the party line
upon this «nlject.
Mr WALKER called foi the jeas and na>s ,
winch were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD ob&uveJ, t! at the objeción,
maV by the Senator from Miasoun svere not with-
out thtir we gbt. It did seem that some injustice
miFlt be done to Sviies at present holding elec-
tions by thf general 'ick°t system , he, therefore, to
mtet this c¿se, proposed to add to the auendment
a 1 mi'ation, confir ng its effect to Smi^s hclding
eltcuons m nat way , ?nd be merefore submitted
¡be to loT ng proveo, '0 come in af r the amend-
ment f i-cposfd by the S^oitor from Missouri
1 In those cases 111 which b) fit. existing las 3 of any St it"
the election 13 liy general ticket
Mi. WALKER observed that f s nullification
would throw oa  Lou íane, in which the ¿lee icn —
which wnl be the fiist held in ¡he Union after d e
passage of ihe bill—are earned on partly by tne
district system, end partly by th°g^reral-t ck«i sjs-
tem
iVr B\YAH J, to obv «te ? y aiffie> by «b ch
a>git ¿ ¡i  in sueicae?s the 1 s pposed by Ihe
S ra'or from Mtosi^ypji, e  ules moJiij b s amend
neit by an ?d1ituH • "1 r in c««s \,bere elections-
shall take pl-c  within two lh n hs from ihe pas-
sage of th¡   'aw "
Mr C0NR4D, believm? be cad 1 mntenhena'ly
lea die Seratcr Lea Mi -1 "ppi [Mr Walker]
into error in ihat >psptci, 111 a cnvcis" ,jii vitu
him yesterda) evening;; ¿pi h vin<  =mce lad rt
ooportumty of being e¡o¡  oncc.l 1 ft,"ü''!
vií,hf>d lor^rn'rlr, h-jt, a'thougn lie had o ¡ cat cd
ítW, snee his lepart"re fiorn ttt M p ° 0 Lou si-
a~a, a bih had b-en p s ed by the ¡..eg sla ure ri
Louisiana, -lainonzirg the election of such addi-
tional member* by the geneiai-ticket S'atpm, as
¡lac State might be enti led to under the new
J appoitionment, he  had  since learned that   the
bill did not pas? the Senate. He believed, there-
fore, no disposition hod been made for the election
cf additional members, should any be allowed 'he
State by this apportionment bill. He might be
' inclined to accede to the motion of the Senator
from M'ss-'ori, d d he not believe it_would endan-
ger tie vihole section m the other House, and for
another reasrn, that, if it be w>se to exercise the
power at all, it is as wise to do it now, as at any
future time.
Mr. KING observed that this was t'ie first time
he had heard, as a reason for not supporting a
proposition just m itself, that it may influence the
other House. If it was proper to be influenced by
sucn a con«i3erauoc, there could be no occasion to
be governed by it now, because, if the House dif-
fers on the subject from the Senate, the Senate can
adhere to its am ndment. A committee of confer-
ence mav be appointed, but the Senate can insist on
its amendment.' He hoped and trasted, this mat-
ter be.ng thus obviously under the centrol of the
Senate, that gentlemen would not be deterred
frota doing their duty to those States which demand
this provision as a strict act of justice.
Mi. BAYARD would withdraw the addition he
he had '•onsentad  o add to this proviso, exempting
any States holding election  within two months.
That poitnn of his amendment be ng withdrawn,
Mr CONRAD'obscrved that he was not aware
he was infringing on any parliamentary rule in
alluding to writ' miaht be the eff ct of this amend-
ment on another body. Nor was he jet aware
that be had vio'p el, to any great ex ent, any rule
of pronne y. He lad merely considered it as his
do y t j express his (.pinions on what be conceived
affected a very v^liublc principle. He considered
this sec cu 0 tie b I' woald effect an organic
cnango in the mode of holding elections—a change
ot great impoitanee and valu«. When the magni-
tude of t^e measure is considered, and the risk that
more time may be consumed in the other House
by ihe discussion of amendavn's made in this
Houss, he et* sidercd the cea^ion such as to ex-
cess i> (epirture from mere formalities, however
venerabi in U e e^esof sag" Senatois to whose ex-
pert, ce ne aceorl d every respect He would
not now have said a word in reply to the observa-
tions mad3 on h s ceoarture from parliamentary
rule, had he not really considered this a legitimate
occasion foi the leg'tisiate exercise or a soand dis-
cre'ioi
Mr BORROW remarked that, as he should
vote against what might oe suppo^d to be the ap-
I p 'ent interest of his State, it w^s incumbent on
him to assijn some reason for the vote he should
give. Tne Legisktare cf Louisiana had this sub-
ject up last winter, and a bul did r¿-« the lower
House providing for the election, by general ticket,
of additional members under this apportionment
bill. It failed, however, in the Senate But, now,
what pract ral injury would be done to Louisiana
by the reject on of tnis proviso? None, that he
knew of, because, if a State la •> it necessary, it
will be m t me bvfor" December, 1843
If this bill should pa*s, the cour e of the Sta'es
w^ 11 be a. very plain one The Governor of a
Stat must issue his p'oeternation Di (he election
of Representatives Tnn Gjverntr of Louisiana
h?s a'ready i-sued his proclamation for the election
of tireeltepre erwaives ,11 Congress. If the bill
pa st", giving four Representatives to that State, he
wilt recall hu p'ocUoiation, and rot appoint any
el-cm, bee u^e'heStatt L gislatuie will meet
nnxt January, and can then make provision for the
elect on cf the four Represmta'i/eo apj-o'tioned to
th  Stat 
H° considere 1 th's bill as a repeal of all State
Lw, relating to the ^>ngie point tí the manner of
u l!in«e,eci n aid there is no necessity for any
S ■> e 10 ele, t Represen uves e f Veen months in
I n lvr p of ihe Crr.  e.*> in which tney are to su.
He should vote aga nsi th- amendment, because
L( a -i?na wot M uot be afee ed by the bill with-
1   out it
Mr ARCHER, ob ervdtnat there n.ust be new
Stale laws to au horue the new elections under the
new apportions3nl bi'I; and he douMed, if this
would not be tequjed, even though no additional
members were allowed io a State.   It was there-
