fore immaterial whether elections were coming on
or notj or whether they were made by the old laws
or not They would have to be held according to
this law. It appeared to him th*>t the amendment
of the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] was
a partial one, affecting only hve or six States; and
its partially was a just objection to it.
Mr. LINN observed that Missouri has already
provided fot arrangement by law for the election
of any number cf R presentaiives that may be ap-
portioned to h>>r.
Mr. ARCHER contended that new Sine laws
of distribution, in conbequence of the passage of
this law, must be adop'eri. the principle, he main-
tained, was, that there must be new legislation in
the States on eveiy new ppportionment. He con-
sidered elections held under proclamations and
laws before the apportionments are made, must be
void.
Mr. WALKER observed, thai the Senator from
Virginia, and also the Senator from Louisiana,
were mistaken. He asked the Senator from Vir-
ginia, did he maintain that the act passed m Feb-
ruary last by the Legislature of Mississippi, di-
recting the Governor to ii>sue his proclamation for
the election of RepreWativPS in Congress, ac-
cording to the provision>of this, apportionment bill,
must be null and void, because that law was pass-
ed a few months before the apportionment bill was
passed, instead of being- after it was passed?
The next Legislature of Mississippi wi'l not
meet till January, 1844—1 month after the R pre-
sentattves of '.hat S a'e ought to be 10 their places
in Congress. It was clear, then, that great injust-
ice would be done to that S a e, in ermpeh.i g it to
convene an extra be"i in. of the Leg.slature
Mr. ARCHER thought that if States were gn 1
ty of the ex «ordinary act of leg «laang for el-e-
Uons in antie'p>tion of uie ng.r to m?Ve the ar-
rangement, they sbi uld not complain o> the err. e-
qaences of their own act. Tae ípcuivenene*, to
one or two State , aniing out of i1 eir own im-
proper action, ougnt not to be suíncie.ít leason f r
impeding a bill important to the whole of the
Union.
Mr. LINN said he was somewhat suipused that
the Senator fiom Virginia, (".no, he btlicvcd, wa a
strict constructions and S.ate rights advocate,)
should entertain the sentiments- whic'n I<c hid avow-
ed. The Senator bad talkej oí legislation in ad-
vance, by the Sta'e Legislatures, ?s a thing nt a
most extraordinary character; and even use! the
word guilu—guilty of ext.RO'dmary lfislaiuin
He (Mr. Linn) wouli retort upon thv* honorable
Senator, aid say the majority here were about to
be guilty oí parsing an ex'rao d.n?ry ac .
You have now,(stid Mr. Linn ) foi the fit t time,
from conside-ations------no, I will lot p rm>tmy
self to say what I was about to say, but I will s„y
this: it is a most extraordinary proceeding that this
Congress should a'temp to cut up, by an unheal d-
of and unprecedt-uted act of hgibia'ion, the elec-
toral divisions of evcy S ate 41 this Unit,!), wi h-
outhavmg aa.gle petition r/resen'ci to CiDg^s
requiring or praying lor such an act; without i </■
ing any complaints made as v, the cr eratioi ot '1 e
system now pursued by the ssiert Sta">s And
the whole a'gument of tb° hontiab e t,ena'or is,
that it is nece-sa'y we'houU pnv nt tit? larger
States from ovcr*h lmtng the smaller, *o : thai
avalanche. But has 'he genticmn "own any
substantial g'onid of app eheasior? C¿>n he print
out any tangible tvn toxt > ill bo r^aec1 -d by this
bill' Is it not cilca'ael for the ,cr«>e ín'ir 
alone? Sir, the S'aus the enselve > w u 'a' e cr- of
the future. Tne arguTtjnts ¡ c''"*i ceJ by th" Sen
ator—i s.nct construe torn t and S a e r gM-, ¡ran
as he is—-are to me rust cítr o " nt-v. h , ti tv
has b;en already rr-o .' d' c rs.cn t an I <le ¡red,
but it is a subject whth cannot be en rs eidi -
cus ed; and, from tlr fact of th- íncnven^ici
which the operaton of th" 'eeonl « c ion of th 
bill is about to pioduce. (v 1 it is pres-ed npo-i my
mind still more stronsl> by ¡he Senatr riop P rr-
sylvama, the Legis'a «re of vhc1' Sf> 3 i-. about
to assemble,) I am disposed, Kite a it i«, (a->d
the major.ty here are alore in fau\ for not
having brought it forwatd "oiner ) teat 'he q'ic«-
jton should   be   fought  inch   by   inch.    They
Congressional globe.
have possession of both Houses; and the ope-
ration of this section, m my opinion, is intended
to secure to themselves possession by a sort of
legerdemain, though we are bound to presume that
they proceed upon right motives. Will gentlemen
tell me, and tell me irankly, what beneficial lestslts
are to accrue from the immediate operation cf this
bill? It it had not a party aspect and a party
bearing, why not postpone its operation for two
years? Why not consent to strip it of the odious
traits of chaiacter which it has in the eyes of the
American people? Is it intended to be one of that
series of acts which was commenced in the called
session? Called se sions are likely to be the pre-
vailing order of ih ngs. In the midst of negoti
ations with Great Britain—and Heaven only knows
how those negotiations ate going to end—we are
very likely to have other called sessions; 2nd not
oiuy called sessions of Congress, but repeated called
sessions of the State Legislatures; and instead of
economiz ng public expenses, we are approaching
that state of extravagance and prodigality which has
convulsed m turn tht nations oí Ihe whole woild. It
is time for us 'o stop—to check our headlong career—
and look to the future with an earnest endeavor for
the amelioration of our condition. Does my friend
desire to throw obsUeles in the way of our ím-
piovemenf! Does he wish to impede the working
of the comp'ex machinery of this Government?
ib he afraid to send the bill back to the House of
Representatives'—-to that body vhich, coming fresh
ft' m the people, are best enabled to express the
people'-, wisies? Send the bill back, and let it be
reviewed, and let us not wickedly or wantonly
thicw out, in adva ee>, causes which may produce
collision and difficult) between the S atos and he
General C >veinm"nt. I am quite willing to bear
w atevtr od um r-uy at'ach io re in consequence
of ih" vole v ¡ ic*i I bhill g've tpi n th.s questicn.
Mr BAYARD obvrved, that it appe. red to him
the b'.iator from Virg ma tva^ opesed to the
an cndmetit v'.ith he had pres-cn ed, because it «as
not ui'form in it-, opeia'i n Tr ere was no ne-
cessity for th  uniformity. Where does he Senat r
fir d an> iHcessity for ruch uniformity? Suppose
a new Sae v i'b very large territory were added
to the Dn on, and all its p^pula'ion confined to ten
miles rquaie: should that S ale be compelled ¡o di
vide itself in'o uniform districts' Where wou'dbe
the npces= ty for ha v *>g a district at one quarter of
i , wi h s-'sicely any population? The S nator
was r; t m «aying teat S ates whi'h do elect at
pre entb/duir c s, mustassrm i'e'hpir Legislatures
to pa^s laws in conformity mh this new ?ppor-
tiinment bdl. Bai a greater hardship falls upon
States which e'eet by the geneial-acketSjS em; and
it is, there'orc, thit this amendment proposes to
give them more time for making the change which
they are cilkd upon to make.
Mr. WILLIAMS, in reference to the reiiaiks
of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Aucher,] ex-
plained th't the action of the Lepislature of Maine,
in amctpítioD oí the pascpge of this apportion-
ment til1, was partiy in cms deration of the ex-
pense oí a railed c".*u n, whrh shoul 1, ifpossn e,
be avoided, a*>d partly under the eiti it'era'ion
th?t, should ai e\ ra '= sion of Congress, n aiy
even', be nee s"iy bctore iLe nex'm' ting cf the
L g s'ature could have time to provide for th 
ei ciion 11 ¿neii'le 5 of Co igress, t ie S ate should
not be f r  ir-itns v.i bout us Represtnt^tives.
Mi ASGIICR d'scl'imel . ny imputation on
Main" fo> <h- law p's« d b that C'rie in anticipa-
ti< n of the anpo' < merit In r°ply '0 the Senator
fun D 'awar , he wjuil spy that, whether it was
uricoü-íiitutioia!,'"! not, to marte poitiM leg station—
p3itt?l, beanie 1 0. on.form—'t was c mtrary to the
.i^'icr 1 D¡i"cipl~' of r°tionaliegi lation. Tninbng
th « s mo„t b^rxf'Jial b'il, he did not wish to «e*
iha ci izens ot ui". oan deprived 0 the beiefi' cf
it, even ' ir t vo y a s H  askel the S-'nsto, from
Mi> ' u-i wh't p-tfy obj cf could be ríTected by the
adopt i,n oí ih d Mr ct system ms'esd o* me pene-
r^l ' ci.et sj«er ' Wis tber^ no' more of party
mo ive to bo found m a sytem of cnruraticn
si co as that a'ni" p . of by he eeneral-t J e1 svs-
terrt X'ie Senator hai asked, Wh pass this bill
now? He would tell him: first, because the Whigs
now have a majority m Congress, and have the
J
power to pass a most beneficial bill; and, next, be-
cause the possibility is, that if not now passed, it
will not be passed; for the Whigs may not have
the majority in Congress next time, but the gen-
tleman and his friends may: and if they repeal ft,
he wished to see them take the responsibility of
trampling down such a beneficial law as this.
Mr. WOODBURY a^ked would the State of
New Hampshire, which has a general law for the
election of her Repiesentatives, be obliged to con-
vene and pass a new law, if the State was en-
titled to the same number of members as she has
at present'
Mr. ARCHER replied, that he conceived every
State would have to pais new laws in conformity
with the provisions of this bill.
Mr WOODBURY asked the Senator again, if,
according to his assertion that the general-ticket
system is adopted for the purpose of oppressing
minorities, he maintained that New Hampshire
had adopted the general-ticket system for the pur-
pose of oppressing the minority in that State?
Mr. ARCHER did not make the assertion with
reference to motives, but to the effect?
Mr. WOODBURY reviewed the arguments of
the Senator from Virginia, in view of showing that
they bore more forcibly againU Ihe principle of the
second sectiota of the bill, than in its favor. He
read an amendment, which he would offer after
lhat before the Senate was disponed of.
Mr. PORTER was opposed to both amend-
ments
Mr. LINN was in favor of his amendment be-
ing adopted in us otigmal form, because it em-
btacedthe whole of thp States
Trie quest.on was then taken on Mr Bat abb's
amendment to the amendment, snd resulted m the
negative—yeas 19, najs 24, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Bagby, Bates, Bayard, Berrien, Calhoun,
Crafs, Cuthbeit, Evans, fulton, Henderson, Km?, McRobeits,
lltves, Seviei, Watkei, Wi'cox, Williams, Woodbury, and
loung—19
NA\S—Messrs Allen, Aicher, Barrow Ben'on, Buchanan,
Ctayton, Comad, Giaham, llimtirgton, Keir, Linn, Mans;um,
Memek, Mitlei, Motehead, Porter Pres on Simmons tamitli
of Indiana, Sprague, Sturgeon,Tallraadge, White, and Wood-
bu lge—21
The question now recurrid on Mr. Linn's ordi-
nal amendment, exempting the next elections from
the operation of the second section, and íesnl'ed in
the affirmative—yeas 23, nays 22, as follows:
\ EA^Í Mes°rs Alten, Bagby, Bentoi, Berrien, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Crafts Culhteit, Fullon, Henderson King, Linn, Mc,
Pviberts, Rives, Sevier, Stmgeon, lappan, Walker, Wilcox
Wiiliam-i, Woodbury, Wright,and loung—23
Tsf Ai ^—Messts Airher, Bairow, Ba e«, Bayard, Clayton,
Conrad, Evans, Giali im, Huntington, Keir, Mangum, Merrick,
Miller, Morelicd, Por er, Preston, Simmons, Snmh oflcdiana,
Spiague, Tallma Ige, White, and Woodbudge—^2
Mr SEVIER moved to reconsider ihe vote.
Mr. BUCHANAN called for the yeas and nays
on that question.
The vote on the reconsideration was then tat'en
by yeas and nays as follows- Yeas 24, nays 22.
YEAS—""leesri Archer Banow, Bales, Bayaid, Clayton,
Conrad, Evans 1 uilon Graham, Huntington, Keir, Man^um,
Meruck, Milier, Moii'head Portel, Piest^n hcvicr, Simmons,
Smith of lndiai a, Spiague, lallmadge, While, and Wood
budge—21
NAlS-Mes-r Allen, Pigby, Benton, Berrien, Buchan
an, (al' oto , Ctaff=, Cu'hnert, Henderson, King, lann,
McRojeils Ktve«, Si th ot Connecticut, Surgeon Fappan,
ttjlu, VV lco. , William*. Woodbuiy, Wright, and Young
__22
So the "o'e was reconsidered
lh= question now recurrej on the ormnal
amendment, and was again deed d in the affirma-
tive—yeas 23, nays 22, as fo low<:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Bagbv, Benton Berrien, Buchanan,
Calbou i, Crafts, Cuthhert, Tulton, Hv'l'cr >n, Kine;, l>nn,
McRobeits Rtvs, femith of Connccticu Mmgeon, fappan,
Wilktr, \vilcox, William , Woodbui  , Wrg'it, and loung
NAYS—"úesíi Aic'ei Bario , Bate, Bayard Clayton,
C mad fivpis, Guhim, llunon ton, Kei Mtngum, .Ver
i! k .Vi ler, Moieh ad Poitei, Preston, s-immnns S mh
ol niriidna, Spraaae 'ialimaige Whl o  ind Wooribiutge—22
Mr ALLEN movd to itnke cu' the -whol  of
the s=cond section as amended
On this motion the 5cas and mjs i ere df imno'-
ed, andorderid; and resu"ed, yeas. 21, na « 24,
as follows!
YEAS—"Viesa-* Allpn, Baehv, Perton, Bdir en Puchar -1
Calhoun, ( v hbii Fulton, King lirn, KcRotwiib, lines,
bevier, amth 01 Connecticut, sturgt^n, tapjian, talker,
WlicOY, Woodbuiy, ^nsnt, and \ oung—21
NAYS—Messrs Ai.her, Bairow, Brttes, Ihnid Ca>ion,
Conrad, C.afts,Evans, Graham, Hendeison, lluiiUustou, Ken,
