CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                         #|§
■■■■       -----     '                   ■                                ...          nn.       ■J.i,JMa-fc.J ^.i.-i-rT>,r.._^a[i, 1..W,-  mr-T    fi-1.!      m                            .
tion to print an extra number of the report from
the commi'sioners appointed to investigate the af-
fairs of the New York custom-house.
Some objection havmg|been made,
Mr. CUSHING contended that this was a privi-
leged question, and
The SPEAKER suggested the propriety of act-
ing upon ihe subject at once, since the 1} pe of the
report (some 1,000 or 1,200 pages) was now stand-
ing, and that the Gh vernment wou d ttteieby cave
a large sum by ordering the printing before it had
been distributed
Mr CUSHING- then commenced bi« rapnrks,
with the acquiescepce of the Hctase He said he
was reluc'ant to pursue the c&urse of remark
which he felt bound to offer on this occasion, by
a sense of duly to his consumers, who had been
misrepresented and wrongfully accused in tins re
port More especially did he regret that he had
to speak at this time, when the subject had lost its
freshness on the minds of tbe members With the
exception of the prefaiory remarks,¿be should dis-
cuss the matter of the report, and lot the manner
of its initiation and introduction to tS^is House
In reply to the gentleman from New York, [Mr
Wood,} who had cbal'eoged him for the proof
of any authority on tbe part of the Govern-
ment to establish a semi-judicial process similar to
this commission to investigate the New York cus-
tom house, he would produce a few instances. He
referred to the case of John P Van Ness and Amos
Kendall, who were appointed by General Jackson
to investigate the condition of the navy, anJ who
made their report in Marcn, 1833 They we.e ap-
pointed by the same auihonty—their node of pro
ceeding was the same—their organization the saw-
—their testimony pubiisned in the repott, pnrit d
by the Hou^e, m a manner analogous to the
case now before it if gentlemen wou' i ex-
amine the le ter authorizing this commission,
they would find that the letter written b/ President
Tyler was not so extraordinary a production as
they at first supposed. He then read a letter,
signed by Messrs Cass and Woodbury, in relation
to the appointment of Messrs. Van Nea^ and K>n
dall; and contended that the precise ground taken
in it was covered by tbe instructions to Mr Poia
dexter
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr EverettJ
had called on him lo show authority to justify the
mode of proceeding adopted ía the present case by
the Executive. His answer was to be f und n the
fact, that neither th' former commissioners to whom
he referred, (Mes rs Van Ne«s and Ken Jail,) nor
Mr Pomdexter and his associates, climed the
power to stammon witnesses and compel their at-
tendance, or to administer oath1* They did not
claim so much power as that, or he would not
undertake their defence.
He referred to otaer instances where c immis-
stoners had been appointed by ihe Piesident for
particular purposes—the case of J. S Skmner, ap-
pointed a? an agent charged with the care oí the
British prisoners at the close of the late war, the
cases of G. A. Rodney, Breckenndge, Graham,
Bland, and Roberts.
It was known to the House that various memo-
rials had been sent in, makmg represcnt-tion.. in
relation to ínjiiHice alleged to be done indiv duals
by the repott of Messrs Steuart and Ke ly, Bradley
and Pomdexter, and the large ms.ss of c rrespond-
ence accempanywg the report made by the genile-
man from Noitb. Carolina, [Mr Stamly,] hoca
the Committee on Pub! c Expenditures To set
tie the point at issue wou'd require a mmute and
careful comparison of t íe report,, and an analyse
of their content . After mditig a passag  f om
the memoranda of Mr Steaiit.hesa J U-oaliera?-
tives were presented to tbe view—whether li  im-
porters had d«fraud d the revenue, ard depr ved
tbe manufactjres of that protection to wht.h ihey
were entitled by law, or whether the manufacturer'!
had interfered in beba.' C their own in' rests, con-
trary to the ngh s oi the impoi t*is Tie commit
sioners were called upon to decide o<-twen the
competing interests of the impoi ters and theman i-
faeturers. He then *e t on to show th  difference
betwegn a commission like tie preset and a grand
rnryj and referred to the practices ustóer tae civil
law to illustrate his position. A grand jury was
sedentary, and dependent upon voluntary commu
mcations to indict offenders. A commission like
this was itinerant, ex parle, and did not conduct its
proceedings as would be donp before a jury, with
counsel on both side , and witnesses examined and
cross examined Tfie report made by the com-
mission was not judicial, except in a port on of the
inquiry, where it was engaged in an investigation
of the conduct of ihe collector, who was allowed to
be present Not only were the commissioners not
judges, but they were instituting an inquiry to accute.
What was the report of the commissioners1 It
was an accusatory document—an act of accusation
presented to the Executive, it was necessarily, im-
perfect, incomplete, and, in many cases, erro-
neous The results arrived at by such a commission
must operate against many individuals In the
case of the commission appjmted to investigate the
fpcts in relation to the public buildings, we found
their conclusions complained of m the memorial of
Mr. Mills, the architect Of the repoit made by
the comm ssioners on the New York custom-house,
numerous complaints had been made He cited
the memorial of Jecse Hoyt, late collectoi, of B.
F Butler, l?te attorney, of Watson and Cairn*-;
of Waite, Ransttce, Belt, and Jones, all of whom
had publicly complained of ihe conclusions arrived
at in the report He cited these cases in illustra-
tion of the character of the report.
But the most serious question which he should
discuss was, whether the allegations against ihe
Eastern manufacturers were supported by evilence
or not H° soiuld qiesuon the conclusion ar-
rived at in the report, arel treat it as Ue would the
argument ci any member upen the fl)or, upon one
side ot a nmilar question, e ideavoring to convirce
the House and the coun'ry that its positi< n«. were
erroneous He began \vitn the cenrnon remark
tbAt extensive frauds were perpetrated in the ad-
ministration of the revenue at ihe New Yo k cus-
tom house He had in his possession public jour-
nals, published yeais a- o, ciargmg a corrupt col-
lusion on the part of officers m that custom house
wi h foreign importers These impoiters were
bound to this country by m permanent tie—not
subj ct to ihe infUence of public opinion upon
their conduct, and liable to abscord at an/ moment,
wt houl prostrating any leputation they had ac-
quired
Tbe newspapers to which he referred he had col
looted some time Ego, taus showing that the coa
viction was pretty genera! in the mind of the pub-
lic that lrauds were committed upon the revenue.
Time passed on, until the truth of this impression
on the part jf the public was attested by the deci -
ions of the courts in the trials wmch took place in
Boston, New York, Philadelphia and Bal'imor^
The parties charged with frauds were found guilty,
an 1 stood as convicted criminals, on the records of
the courts He cited the cases of J It Wood,
Tajloi, Blackburn and Co, and others, whose
guilt was established, not only in the district and
circuit courts, but aKo in ihe Supreme Court of
the United Slate* These men had full and fair
trials by juries of the country, and the judgments
against them had the otamp and seal of verity from
the highest mbunal in the p&twn The question,
then, that the foreign importers of New York were
ensared m a <-j^ m of iraud, was clearly estab-
lished
Mr ROOSEVELT saul ce*iaw impoiters
Mr. CUSHING thanked him for ihe corree ion
Hevouli now refer to the legislative history of
these fiiuas The r judicial mvstio-ition was
5 icc-eded by rremonaii to Congress, and to the
T^ea uiy Dcp^r ¡rent A vast numbet of memo
rials came on nere, compltimng oi the injustice
ct <nm tied upon the revenue, and tee conviction
on th" part o" a Ur^e majority of the House of
Reprr entatives was ío s rong that a bill was
passed, withoiu 'ie la ion, io suppress thes  frauds
It wi« «ent to to  Senate, and omy fukd to becoisa
a law, beca'tsp the Senate appended to i i void
mmotis bill,declaratory o' what constr ctton s'nrld
be put upon ft-e act of 1832 Toaf «as me soie
cau e of its aefeat.
The report of the commissioners appointed to
investigate the New York custom-house was an
elaborate advocacy of the there convicted crimi-
nals, some of whom had actually absconded from
the country. These men had been convicted bjr
judicial and legislative procer ímgs, yet the country*
was called on to pronounce them innocent; and the 
judges, juries, legislators, and society, who had*
convicted them, conspirators. It was an extraor-
dinary s ate of facts, and it would not, ho thought,,
be strange if a criminal in the penitentiary were
to charge the jury and judges who convieted him
with conspiracy. The report was, also, an elabo-
rate anti-tariff document. It plainly evinced tbe
bias on the minds of the commissioners in favor of
that side of the great question of the manner ía
which the revenue of the Government should be
raised.
He then went on to examine the evidences of
ihe conspiracy ard combination in favor oí their
own interests, which had been charged upon the
Eastern manufacturers. Why, he asked, should
men who associated themselves together, be charged
with conspiracy, and a design to resist the execu-
tion of the revenue laws in New York? If it were
true that these manufacturers had combined to-
gether, he couli prove that theirs was a legal com-
bination, although the language of the report im-
plied that it was criminal. The theory of our
criminal jurisprudence was such, lhat a party ag-
grieved had to institute a prosecution for redress
himself There was no preventive police among
us to guard against the violation of our laws; and.
the oidmary mode of attaining that object m this:
country was by comb nations Suppose a fire oc-
curred in the community did not individuals fre-
qu-nily associate themselves together to prevent
like occurrence ? So in caces of 'heft, men often
as ociated together for the purpose of detec ng tbe
guilty So far from reprehending men for com-
bining, he thought it the only mode by which jus-
tice could be fully carried out.
In addition to the charge of combining together
for their own interest, he replied to other accusa-
tions made against the Eastern manufacturers, and
askea f a whole class, of men should be con-
demned on account of tbe guilt of one or two indi-
viduals'? He defended Mr. Lawrence from the al-
legations against hirn, in consequence of his having
advised the collector of New York in relation to a
part of his duties It was not improper for any
individual, he thought, to give thr collector advice
on any subject he might think proper. The col-
Lctor was not so far above every one else, as not
to receive advice from any quarter whatever He
was surpnsel that the charge should bave been
made, and did not see how Mr Lawrence Could be
considered as having acted improperly.
He proceeded to notice the eht-gesand imputa-
tions made in the report against various other in-
dividuals From hearsay evidence, grave charges
were made against the Eastern manufacturers.
They were charged with the design of having au
appraiser in tbe N"w York custom-house This
charge was founded only upon street talk, as ap-
peared by the evidence of the only two men who
were concerned
Agaw cnarge^ had been made in relation to tbe
appointments in the custom house Because tariff
men had signed recommendations of individuals,
they wtre cha'ged with combining to defeat the
execution of tn« law. As well might free trade
men be charged with a design to promote their
views, when they signed like recom nendations.
He also referred to the cnarge that counsel had
been employed to a d in the convic i< not men who
were ir ed for fraud  upon the ru^lomb. Xii.e
whohadngh' , ard felt thems^lvt íijured, ve-e
justine' *n usng eve^y endeavor to have their
rights vindicated It wes not uncommon to em
ploy pnva'e counsel, even m ca^es ofmjrder, to
aid the public ptosecutor
He imagined that gentlemen expee'ed to receive
great aid from this icport in the c-wiirg discussion,
upon the tanff question. He thought, however,
they would fud themselves mis'aken, when they
examined the subjeet The facft slated .a tb  re-
port would not be used as a'guments against a
tariff, hut, in view of the compromi-e (so <• iled)
Uof 1833, they proved that these f'auds were the
necessary consequence of «tí valorem duties    So
