On motion of Mr. WOODBURY, ordered to
lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT said, several weeks ago a bill from
the House, for the relief of James Tonga, John
Scriviner, and the heirs of William Hodson, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims, which commit-
tee made an unfavorable report to its passage. Since
that time, be had received from the petitioneis an
additional mass of testimony m support of the
claim; and, therefore, asked that the bill be recom-
mitted to the same committee with the additional
testimony, which motion was agreed 'o.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial signed
by two hundred and fifty inhabitants of Mont-
gomery county, Pennsylvania, complaining of the
operations of ihe tariff law of 1832, and asking
that, in ihe new arrangement of the tariff, regard
may be had to the protection of American industry:
referred to the Comnlittee on Manufactures.
Mr. S also presented some additional testimony
in support of the claim of Mary Wolfe, which bad
been reported unfavorably upon, and which report,
Mr. S. believed, had been concurred in. These
papers were ordered to be filed with the other docu-
ments relating to the claim
On motion ot Mr. ARCHER, the memonal of
Farrow and Harris was taken from the table, and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial from a public
meeting, held in the city of Philadelphia, remonstrat-
ing against the proposed reduction in the appropria-
tions to the navy; which ^as ordered to he on the
table, where the bill to which it had reference now
lies.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a similar memo-
rial from the cities of New York and Brooklyn;
which was disposed of in like manner.
Mr. T. also presented a petition of Eph-
raim Whi'taker, an officer of the army of ihe
Revolution, praying to be paid the amount of in-
terest on his commutation pay: referred to the
Committee on Revoluticnary Claims.
Mr. YOUNG presented a memorial from a
large number of citizens of Illinois, remonstra'mg
against any alteration of the mail-rou e from Os-
wego te some point in La Salle county; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which had been referred the bill to regu-
late the appointment and pay of the engineers m
the navy of the United Slates, reporied ¡he same
back, with several amendments; which were read,
and ordered to be printed
Mr MERRICK, fram the Committor on ihe
Post Office and Post Roads, to which had been re-
ferred several memorials in relation to the reduc-
tion of ths rates of postage, and to restricting the
franking privilege, reported a bill to reduce and
equalize the rates of postage, and to regjl&te the
iranking privilege, and for other purposes ; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading
Mr. SMITH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back, with an amendment, toe b I!
granting to the county of Johnson, m the Territory
of Iowa, the ngt' of pre emption to a tract of land
for a seat of justice for sa>d county, and repealing
the second section of an act aoproved the 31 day
of March, 1839, en'itled "An act making a dona-
tion of land to the Territory of Iowa, for th"> pur-
pose of erect na p Jblic buildings ihereon " Mr. S
said the amendment merely excluded the right of
pre-emption to the reserved sections adj Jinn g Io-
wa city, when they shall be offered at paohc sale
With this amendment, the committee reco-nrrend-
ed lh" passage of the b.'l
On motion of Mr. SMITH, ihe Coram.tUe on
Public Lands v as discharged from tne considera-
tion of the joint resolution of the L'gi'-iiture of
Iowa, asking these iaud> as a donation to that Tt r-
ntory.
Mr. BAG-BY from the Commit ee on the Post
Office and Post Hoads, made an adverse report on
the petition of R. L. Morns, praying the "id of
Government m theonsirucfon of a *teamb a* t->
carry the mad; wnich was ordered to lie on the ta-
ble.
Mr. B , from the sam  committee, to which had
been referred the bill for the relief of Benjamin F.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
Hard, reported the same back without amendment,
and recommended its passage.
Mr GRAHAM, from the Committee on Claims,
to which bad been referred House bill for the re-
lief of J. P. Converse and Henry J. Rees, reporied
the same back without amendment.
Mr. G also reported back, from Ihe same eom-
rm'tee, without amendment, House bill for the re-
lief of Edwm H Childers, administrator of John
P. Hickman.
Mr. WOODBURY said, seme days ago he sub-
muted a resolution, calling for information of what
amount of Ihe late loan had been taken, and at
what rate of discount. He wished that it would
be taken up and passed upon; but he was not dis-
posed to press its consideration at this moment, if
there was any objection to its adoption.
Mr. EVANS ssid there was serious objection to
the adop'ion of it now; he hoped such information
would be received id a few days, ?s would render
it not ímtiroppr lo adopt the resolution.
Mr WOODBURY said, as the Senator from
Maine [Vlr Evans] objected to its adoption now,
he would not, therefore, piess action on it until
the apportionment bi'l was disposed of.
Mr. GRAHAM made some inquiry of the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, bow far
that committee bad progressed with the considera-
tion of the bill making appropriations for the erec-
tion of harbor at thp Roanoak inlet
Mr HUNTINGDON replied that the commit
tee bal the bill b=iore them, but were wai'mg the
action of the H >u^p committee on toe same su jed,
but, after waiting a re, s mab p time, if tru  House
did not act upon it, the committee wou'd p-oceed
to do so.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, the Senate took up,
as in committ e of the whole, the bill for thp seit'e-
mentof the s'coun's of Silas Dean. Toe question
pending being the amendment proposed by Mr
Clayton, to ami' the amount to be allowed to ihe
sum ascertained to be due by the accounting of-
ficers of'he Treasury in 1838, and providing that
if, on ihe remvest'gation of the claim, any eirors
should be found in th? items then admitied, those
items should be disallowed
The question was taken on this amendment, and
it cas. agreed to; and the bill was reported to the
Senate. The question now being, Snail lh  bill
be ordered to be engrossed for a third reading?
Me srs YOUNG sn.' HENDERSON opposed
the bill, and Messrs STURGEON. PHELPS, and
BEFRIEN defended it, m a d,scus-ion wh ch last-
ed till Ik o'clock; when
On mo on of Mr. LINN, the btl' wa¡> laid on
the table till to mo'row morn  g
On motion, the Senate proceeded to consider, a°
in committee of the whole,
THE APPORTIONMENT BILL            *
Mr. ALLEN moved the following amendment,
to come in af'er the second seclion:
Piovidrd that nothing m this seition shal' beso confuí d
a« to require 'be su idmeien of dii) (( unty 01 c tv m any fetp p,
widia view to the f irmanon of =i <He h i cts when <*uch <mb
division would be contriiy to the cxl&l ií,l w ovurines of <=ttcn
State, ant to the bajitddud cis omM Í the peop!  t e eof
Oi ti"-> soicnir'pni n* cab 1 tor ho jeas ?pc'
nays , winch wne ordeied, and rt n1 <>d n t..e
nega.ive, ?s follov :
"ÍLA3—'tcssis. Allen, Bi^by, P-enton, B iclnt ^ ( iiooun
Cttlhbeit I utto i, Kin Ii o Mrll bet! ^milh 11 < 01 nee l
cut, ¡nturíícori 1 tpj an Wal ei,\fyiIro\ Will ims, \\nxlbuiy
Wright an' Younr—1°
]N Vlt s- lit •- Aid! i IUucv lit "s Btynd Betr en,
'ooitp O! >yt n f raft í van^ Ci? ni) liendtaron, Hunting
ton Ken Man^utn "H mc! , ¡Millei "V* rehead Ptelps P n
er Piolín kwe ^nnoioi --m th ol itid mi, ^pi^gue, fall
i ladge, U h  e   u d Vv <: 3doild0c— 7
.«•-. PCNTON < bsMAd t' -t fie bi'l, a-> it now
staid,! c'irs 'i.  S ates tj bet v ted ,'oasnmy
di-tr^c s ao tu y b <* Hi'-atxrs < poi"ored (>
then, but, p, poird out by ih° Sena oi ¡r^v
DcUí aie jPmp " T, [M Bayard,] a estnet may
e >ntam any n imba- 300,000, for ins pncp if th
ciyo' N nV tl; is iiiaHe r ie d «t-ict. Another
m y h,w omy =o p^ny hurd'eds, instead cf thou
sinos F New Yo'ic ha a Dernoc-a >c p pula-
tnn, it Eiia'nt ' p mad  p s • gl" ¿ ti ct, vhilp an-
o her port on, wi'h ihe «ame <n"unt of population,
but all Wliis>«, might be dn ded into six districts;
giving six party votes on one s.de against one vote
eoi;
on the other.   This might be all done; but, to pre-
vent it, he would offer the following amendment.
Provided, That such districts shall be, as nearly as practi-
cable, equal in the number of their inhabitants
On this amendment he called for the yeas and
nays; which were ordered, and resulted as fol-
lows:
\ EASj—Messrs Allen, Bagby, Bcr ton, Berrien, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Clayton, Cralts, Cuthbert, Evans, Tulton, Henderson,
King, Linn, McRoberts, Mangum, Porter, Smith of Connecti-
cut,~Smuh oí Indiana, Spraene, Sturgeon Tappan, Walker,
White, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbridge, Woodbury, Wright,
and Young—30
NAYS—Messrs Bairow, Bayard, Conrad, Graham, Kerr,
Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Rives, and Tallmadge—10
The bill was then reported back from the com-
mittee of the whole.
The question came np on concurring m the first
amendment adopted in commit'ee of the whole;
which was to strike out the ratio of 50,179 in the
6ih line, and msen 70,680.
Mr. BERRIEN asked if the qucs ion was not on
the ratio?
The CHAIR answered in the affirmative.
Mr BAYARD hoped the Chair would first pro-
pose the first amendment made m the committee of
the whole, which was that on the principle of rep-
resentme fractions.
The CHAIR observed that would be the regular
course.
The question then came up on concurring wi h
the commute- o* the wholp in the first amendment
in order, which was that aliowmj an additional
member to ejeh Stat? having a traction greater
than a moi^'y of the ra 10.
Mr. WRIGHT called for tne yeas and nays,
w'l'ieh v ere ordered
And the ameaument was concurred in—yeas 27,
n->)s 19,  s follows-
VEAS—Mc^sia Bairow, Bates, Berrien, C hoate, Chy'on,
Coniad Ctafts, Cuthbeit, Evans Fulton Giaham, Henderson,
Ilnotit ^ton Ken, Mtnuuni, Metnck, IWoiehead, Piielps Por
ter, Simmons, &prie:ue, Tal mad^e, Walker, White, Wilcox,
VVoodhnd^e   aol\onng—27
NVYS—Mr ^ii, K Itn, Archer, Bagby, Bayard, Benton,
Bnehanan I\i g I mn, Mcltuheits Millei Pies on Rives,
smit'i of Con ectieut, Smi h of indiana, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Williams, Woodbui), and Wllght—19
The next am->ndme!!t w?s m 'he sixth line, al-
tering the ratio from 50 179 to 70,680, which was
concurred in.
The next am ndmsnt was the following at the
end of tho second seci on.
' PiuBided That the provisions of this law shall not affect
thr   lection of membeis to the twenty eighth Congiese "
Mr. WHITE susge-ded ¡ha' the proper question
wou d be that of filling up the numbers in re er-
ericp to ihe respective Stales
Thp CHAIR said, if th  Sena'e consented, that
would be the proper course
The S na e assenting, th  question was taken on
concurring wi'h the committee of the whole in al-
tpting ¡h number of Representatives to conform
with the npw ra'io.
The amendments cere to i-rert the arporion-
mer.t of each State, respectively, to whi^h it is en-
uilod by th i 'io of 70,68b, >a ' en of t'-^ose rrlapt-
rd t a ratio of £0,179, as t Low Mnrr 7, New
^"f.mo&hire 4 Masspchusi 10, Conn-ctieiU 4,
Ve mint 4, New Yoik 34, Nev? Jersey 5, Penn-
lvTia 24, Delaware 1, Maryland 6, Vi.gima.
15, JNorth C '■olma 9, South Caiohha 7; Georgia
8, A'abP-oa 7, Louisuia 4, ¡Vnssiss ppi 4, Ten-
¡lf-see 11, K'Ktuc'r/ 10, Ohio 21, Indina 10, II-
1 -o s 7, Kissoun 5, Arsan a^ 1, M'chig&n 3,
Rno''e ¡bVnd 2
The a^ei dnent v as conca ti'1 in
The q e ti m ih"ii cari^ up m tne almlion <o
tlie sec ¡i 1 olau    al >r cd jrskrc'ay, jane y—
1 Pr v Jr Th t te piovsionsof thshw shall not affect
tbn l     l       oí ire iioí-i* to l e^h Cenóle s  '
G ta ' q estirp tvv yeas aid i lis havirg be°n
ca    ('     ', ■>■ i-e <rloied, and ículted m the n°ga-
I  te, -s foi¡ows
\LVS—V" « ' Alen Bfby, Benoi BoirenBirb lan,
Ti i mi tuthocit ruloo f'enfeison King I n n McRobeil«,
II   o     mi h of Connecticut to u'°eon, T   pan Walker, Wil
co\ V  Hum    Woulbuiy,   Wnpht, a   ' \iur£-'3
w ^\ ,_ M?* r-. Airher i!tli<w Pits ¡I va d Uioale,
Clayton Conrad Crt^ " ans Cranam itn i n h ir,
Man i m, Merrick Millet, MoreieaJ, Pnelps Put i Pr on
S mmons Srr th of Irdiana, SJ, rague lal malge, Whi e aid
Woodbridge—?o
The next ques'ion was on concurring with 'be
