CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
603
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Bagby, Bayard, Benton, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Uuthbert, Fulton, King, Linn, McRoberts, Hires,
Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wilcox,
Williams, Woodbury, Wnght, and Young—21
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Berrien, Choate, Clayton,
Conrad, Crafts, Evans, Graham, Huntington, Keir, Mangum,
Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Preston, Simmons,
Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge, White, and Wood-
bridge—34.
So the amendment was not adopted
Mr.    WOODBURY   submitted   the   following
amendment:
And provided, That this section shall not be considered to
deprive the people ol any State, or district therein, of the right
to be represented, and to choose Representatives to Congress m
the mode existing under the several State laws, until regulations
are made there by the State Legislatures or Congress, presen
brog the boundaries of any new üibtnuvequued.
Mr. W staled that his object was to preserve the
representative principle, and guard against the peo-
ple being disfranchised by any neglect of either
Congress or the State Legislatures in districting the
States. The Governor may refuse to issue his proc-
lamation; or one House of the Legislature may be
in favor of districting the States, and the oiher op-
posed; or the Governor may disapprove of any law
passed by them. It was, therefore, to guard against
any thing of this kind—suspending the representa-
tive principle—that he offered his amendment.
Mr. PRESTON opposed the amendment on the
principle that it was the duty of the Legislatures of
the States to protect the representative principle to
the people; and it would be improper for the Gen-
eral Government to step in between the Slate Le-
gis'atures and their communities. Tms should be
left to the States themselves. He trusted, there-
fore, that this amendment would share the fate of
its predecessors.
Mr. HUNTINGTON thought it would be the
same thing as leaving it entirely discretionary with
the States whether they would conform to the law
or not. He was sure sach a proposition as this
could not be sanctioned by the Senate.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut considered the
amendment submitted by the Senator from New
Hampshire a very proper one, because Congress
had not gone as far as the only power it could hav,
required it should go—in fixing the districts itself.
Having failed to do its duty in this respect, it was
bound to protect the representative principle, which
by its present action it endangers.
Mr. CUTHBERT said he thought the objections
made by Senators on the other side, that the opera-
tion of the amendment would be partial, were en-
titled to no weight; because ths Constitu'ion, by
the acknowledgment of all, expressly designed, in
this section, to provide for partial legislation, when
the exigency of the case demanded it. It designed
to provide expressly for partial legislation in cases
where, on account of pertinacity, or the prevalence
of intemperate action on the part of the States,
they might be prevented from fulfilling their dutv,
and sending representatives to these halls. In ouch
cases, it became the duty of Congress to make pro-
vision to supply the deficiency. But they were
now told that Congress should not interfere, whilst
the Constitution expressly provided for the action
of Congress m these particular cases. Senators
seemed to dreid collision between the peop'e of the
States and this Government; and it was the very
course which they weie pursuing, and thata'ore,
which would produce co hsion. He regretted the
pertinacity wim which gentlemen insisted upon in-
terfering between the people and their Slate Legts
latures. It was ihu interposition of Congress that
was complained of. It would be an unwise, dis-
astrous, and unfortunate proceeding; although it
would not be the S'ates that would suffer, but the
authority of this body—'he Confederation—th s
Government—this Union, these would suffer, and
not the S ates, in the contest.
What was it they learned fren the tradition? of
the apostles of the Constitution? What did they
learn from that instrument itself? And whit did
they learn fren the construction pat upon it by the
cotemporanes of those apostles of liberty by wham
it was framed? Tuey formed such a construction
as set at defiance the provisions of the bill now be-
fore them. Before such a plan of districting coald
take place, an amendment of the Consilium a
would be necessary, requiring the assent of nvo-
(birds of both Houses of Congress, and a rat-
ification of thn e fourths of the Slates. But they
were told here that a bare majority of one branch
of Congress was sufficient to accomplish that which,
by the Constitution itself, cou'd only be done by
consent of three fourths of the whole American
people Gentlemen were afraid to return this bill
to the House, lest this seclion should be lo«t—lest
they should not have a majority in that House in
favor of a law, which lh"i?e by whom the Constitu
tion was established, and those by whom it was
ratified, declared should obly be earned into effect
by ihe concurrence of three-fourths of the people
of the United States This was now attempted lo
be done by a mere majority in Congress, and by a
party vote; while ü« o of the most able men of the
party had not been able to give their asspnt to it
he meant the Sena'or from Virginia, and his
(Mr. C 's,) colleague, the Senator from Geor-
gia It had been a very ill-advised and unfor'u-
nale movement, and he hoped it would yet be re
jectej.
Mr ARCHER, after replying to the Senators
from Georgia and Connecticut, replied to the ob-
jection of the Senator from New Hampshire—that
a S ate may be left without a reptesentation—by
stating, that if any State was left in the predica-
ment he supposes, Congress could act and district
thai Sta e, «o as to preserve the representative
principle Would not the effect of this amend-
ment be, to make this act inoperative altogether
It i  a proposition, 'hat if Ihe States destroy a law
which they are bound by their duly to th° United
Stales (o carry out, they shall lose nothing by
their drsobedienc. The wbol<" evil c ntemplatid
by the Senator from New Himp^htre i^ an im-
aginary evil. In any view, it is indecorous to sup-
pose a necesst y for any such amendment, he
therefore hoped it would be rej cted.
Mr. WOODBURY explained that the Senator
had overlooked ihp circumstance which he had
suggested, of the Stale Legislatures disagieemg on
the subject
Mr ARCHER interposed, to remind ihe Senator
that he had san! Congress would then act.
Mr. WOODBURY remarked, that it was just as
likely that Congress would disagree as that the Le-
gislatures would disagree. Had not the Senate disa-
greed on this very bill?
Take the case of Rhode Lland, in which there
may be contending Legislatures, during which no
elections can be hel'; or suppose the case of such
a State being invaded and disaoled from legisla-
tion.
The proposition was a legitimate and proper
one, and he hoped it would be adopted.
Mr. CONRAD, in reply to ob.ervations made
by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Ccthbert ]
fail he was willing to take the «econd seaioa ?s u
came fr.'in the House of Representative*. If there
was any íesistance to the popular will, it was not,
certainly, by those who wished to presprve the
principle maintained by ihe popn'ar branch of the
Legislature. Tne Senitor from Georgia, two day: 
ago, had called upon the majority to vote for «in
amendment which was then p rdio" on the ground
thit it would b* mdehca'e oi them to insist on
doing what wo ill ac piejudicially to the pir y
now m Ihe m nonty in Congress, as it miihi b-
stinped upon h°r>i (hit i iey wore actna tr1 by
party m t ves Bat d <i not tv like apprenension
exist, that,  n offering the pertipícouí. amend me «ts
followed up ont> afl r another to-day, Ih  farty in
oppoM ion to the majority were acting from parly
tpo lies" H  did no <My tmt ppily malives i ul
ex st it all, b «t %odllto uch a th og be imp lia-
ble to th. s oppo-i ion?
The qtr& ion being < n Mr Woourort amend-
ment,
Mr WRI9HTcillel for the yea, and n^s,
whehwueor *red, and rfsuhed in ¡he ne„at ve
as foi.ow    Yeas 18, niys 2".
YLYS—M wis   A lei, Baaby, «ates   B nton, Buuianat
Cuthb-u, fulton Kins I !ln,Mi.Robert- Smith of Connection
Stmgeon, Tanpan   \Valk«r, Wilcot, Wi tans, Wooubui/,
Wr <*ht and Youns—19
KiIMim.   Aichei,  Bairow, Bites, Benign, Chont
Clayton, Cinrad, CiafK rvans Graiam, llcodetson, Hunting
ton, Keir, Manmm, Merr ck, Miller, Moiehead  Phelps, I or
ter, Preston, Rives, Simmons «-nth of Indiana, Sprague, Jail-
madge, White, and Wooubridge—27,
Mr. WALKER submitted the following amend-
ment, on which he asked the yeas and naysr
And provided, That no law of any State, prescribing the
manner of electing their Representatives to Congress, shall be
repealed or supeiseded by virtue of the mandate issued by this
section to the several State Legislatures to alter said laws, as
herein directed by the Congress of the United States
On this question the yeas and nays were ordered,
and resulted in the negative, as follows:
YEAS—Wessis Allen, Bagby, Benton, Burhanan, Cuthbert,
Fulton, King, Linn, McRoberts, 'Smith of Connecticut Stur-
geon Tappan Walker, Wilcox, William3, Woodbury, Wright,
and Yonng--18
NAYS—Messrs Archei Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Evans, Graham, Henderson,
Hunmst'on, Ken, Mangum, Men ick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps,
Porter, Preston, Rives, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Sprague,
Tallmadge, White, and Woodbudge—23
Mr. BUCHANAN called for the question on
the engrossment.
Mr. WALKER asked for the yeas and nays ;
which were ordered.
Mr. MERRICK moved to postpone the further
consideration of the bill, for the purpose of going
into executive session.
Mr CUTHBERT asked if any fresh Rhode
Island rupture, or threat of war o'r invasion, had
occurred, to demand this hot haste in rushing into
executive session, before a bill could be read?
Was there any question of sudden war to be de-
cided'?
Mr. MERRICK was proceeding to make some
remarks; when
The yeas and nays on the question of postpone-
ment were called for and ordered.
Mr. LINN inquired if the question of postpone-
ment w-s debatable?
Mr KING said he was ourp'-ised at the propo-
sition of tne honorab'e Senator from Maryland,
[Mr Merrick.] They had been laboring upon
this bi11 for weeks, every one knew of the import-
ance of it speedy passage. They had sow brought
it to ihe engross ,Rnt for the third reading, after a
very pi otracted debate, and it was proposed to ad-
journ, without taking the q.ie Hon, and so 1 avmg
the bill to be taken up hereafter. What was it the
Senator desired in making thi-. motion? Did he
desire further time to consider of his vote on this
question' Or did be di^re to offer other amend-
ments? He (Mr K.) was fully prepared to vote upon
it. He had occupied but little of the time of the Sen-
ate in debating the bill, he had avoided deputing
upon many points, that the matter m ght be brought
to a close as, speedily as was consis<ent with a right
understanding of i; and he was now utterly op-
posed to any postponement.
The yeas and ra/s were then taken, and result-
ed in ihe iipgitive, as follows-
1 EAS— Mes->n Bayard, Com ad, Graham, Kerr, Mangum,
M iri(lr,Mllei Portn,Pie^too, Simmons 'smith of Indiana,
-piagne 1 illmadge, and White—14
NA\ V-Most Allen, Aiobei, Bagby, Bairow, Bates, Ben
ton 1! men, Burtnoan, Calhoun, Choate, Clayton, Crafts,
< itlhbert Lvin Fulton, Hendí l on Huntington, King, Linn,
MoRoborls Phelps Rives ¡Smith ol ( onrecucut Sturgeon,
I ip un W ilker Will «x, Williams, Woolbudge Woodoury,
Wrignt, an lYoiin11—32
And so the Senate refused to postpone the fur-
ther coiis de'rtion of the b'll
The question then came up on the engrossment;
but, before it w?s pi.t—
Mr ALLEN moved to strike out the stcond
sec ion is amended.
Tms motion was dec ded in thj negative without
a division.
Tne question next recurred upon order.ng the
bill to be engrossed for a thud rcad.ng.
The yeas and navs were d >rnnde 1, ind ordered;
and result.d m tie ala ir>auve ss <bi)o "s.
\g^__^e   is    Vrrner   Pi-i >w   !!ae«    Ba art,   Choate,
«liyton (mint' C afs !n«< Graham Henderson,Ilunung-
t n Ken, Mui-um 'VJiiiirlr Millu, Mnelund, Flicl,n, Porter,
Pii. oi) -M nn n ,-in li ol Ind jna, S(ra¿ut.| Stuigeon, Tall
mi me   White,      1 Wí n lb i lge—"7
\ \\-_V*-rs  Mien iia by, Beiiin, Omen  Buchanan,
Ci"i un CuthbPit.iulton, Kn?, lmn, MrR^b in ,lilves„^
mith of Connecticut, lippm, ttaLia   Vllccl,  Wil
Woodbuiy, Wright and noting—21
So the bill w« ordered  to be engrossed for a
thi'd re?d ng
Mr. KING observed that he und-rs'ool the
amendments were already engrossed, and there need
b  no delay in. sendirg the bill to the House of
Representatives. He thoigtt ' ie bill should have
its third reading now.
ll
