CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Pending the consideration of this proposition,
Mr. BERRIEN gave notice that he would, on
tomorrow, ask the Sena:e to resume the considera-
tion of the bill to provide farther remedial justice
in the courts of the United States.
Mr. EVANS gave notice that he would on to-
morrow move the Senate to take up the navy ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. TALLMADGE, in order to give the gentle-
men opposite time to reconsider the apportionment
bill, said he would move an adjournment.
The question of adjournment was taken, and
resulted ayes 24, noes 23.
So the Senate adjourned.
reported from the Committee on Manufactures, is
insufficient to protect that interest; and Mr. H- said
that, when it should be in order to do so, he should
take occasion to suitain the views of the memonal-
ists.
REVENÜJE BILL.
On motion by Mr. FILLMORE, the House re-
solved itseif into Committee of the Whole on the
sta'e of theUJnion, (J®. McKensan of Penn«yi-
vania in the\hair,) anp resumed the consideiation
of the bill to provide pvenue from import , and to
change and mddrfy ejt'sfing laws imposing duties
on our import?,4-and#or other purposes.
Mr. SALTONSjfALLmoved ti amend the bill,
by striking out alfafter the enacting clause, and
inserting, in lieu thereof, the tariff bill reported by
the Comai'ttee on Manufactures, with the excep-
tion of ¡he !a*t c'ause.
Mr RHETT wished to know if the propositen
of the gentleman from Massachusetts had been en-
tertained by the Chair? Was it in order for the
gentleman to submit the mo'ion?
The CHAIR stated the motion as made by the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. RHETT. I wish it'o be read. I want dis-
tinctly so know what is before the committee
Mr. BOTTS asked if the gentleman from South
Carolina did not understand the bill reported by the
Committee on Manufactures. The gentleman had
a printed copy of that bill before him, and he could
ascertain whin it was by reading tt.
Mr. RTIE1T. I have not a printed copy of the
bill befjfe m , and I have not seen it. I wWiit
re d, that the committee may know what is bsfore
them.
The CHAIR d.rected the bill to be read; and
Use Clerk having read a few of the chus s—
Mr MeXAY f, verved that it hid been decided
seveial times that, after a bill had been read
through by clause , it was not m ord r to am"i>d it
by another bill. An amendment musí be offeed
to the ñ si claus , before proceeding to arasad any
Oih'T.
The CHAIR The gentleman from Nor h
Carolina will please to come ¡o order. Trie read
in  of the bill must be proceeded with; and it i^ not
in order for the ¿.'entleman to interrupt it, unless 'he
gintleman from South Carolina will dispense with
the read.ng.
Mr. UNDERWOOD called the attention of the
Chair to this ru'f :
"No bill or resolution shall at any time be amended by an-
nexinsfUipreio, m incoiooratins therein, any other lull oritsolu
Don pt nri|fi2 bifore tileHouse."
The CHAIR. The gentleman fiom Kentucky
is not m ore'er.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I we to a quest on of
order. I wish to show that the amendment offered
by th-J sreatleman from Massachusetts confl c's
wish one of tf.o rules of the Ho""\
Mr BOTTS. I rise to a Ques ion of order; snd
it is uncer the rule which declare th.it, when the
reading of a paper is ea'led for, and it is objVed
lo, the Hous3 must determine whether it shall be
read or no'.
Tne CHATR. Tha* rule is not applicable to the
question. Bat, at any ra'e, it is too late now to
make the objection.
Mr. BOTTS. Doss the Cha^r rcciie that this
rule bus no application to the case before the com-
mntte?
rJV CHAIR replied that such was h's decision;
and he d.r.ved the Clerk to p'ojeed wi'h ths
it?di"™ of th  bill.
Mr. dTTA    I appeal from that decision,
Mr. ROPKÍN3 hoped ¡hit hi? rolleague would
w th i -iv/ h s appeal. The rule referred to by his
colle-;ru-, ia h'S opinion, applied only to such
pipe's as were merely histoncdl and declara ory
in the.' Mtu'-e, and rot to pr.jpo'i'iois on which
the mombe-svefff called on to vte. I; had never
b en e-rfeHod so as to apply to papers of the lat'er
description; "pd the riftht of any niember to have
cuch pap°is i*ad had never been qae^'ioned.
Mr. B0TT3 said that he bid made hn> appeal
to save the time th«f would be consumed In i jad'n-f.
this long bip. l"c would, however, « %re.s to with-
draw the appeal n conformity with ihe wishes of
tfcp committee, iho'igh he did not acquiesce in the
justice of the decision of the Chair,                          .
The Clerk then proceeded with the reading of
the bill.
The b;!l having been read entirely through-
Mr. J. CAMPBELL rose to a point of order.
His point of order was, that, in the Committee of
the Whole, the bill, having been first read through,
was taken up by sec1 ions; and the first section being
under consideration, it was not in order to move to
strike out the entire bill—as well the clauses not
under dücussion, as the clause under considera'
tion.
After a few words from Mr. FILLMORE, Mr.
CLIFFORD, and Mr. BRIGQS—
The CHAIRMAN derided that the motion of
the gentleman irom Massachusetts was not m
order.
Mr. SALSTONSTALL then moved to strike out
the first section, which was under consideration,
and substitute the entire amendment which he had
before offered.
Mr. FILLMORE then commenced his speech
to the committee; and, aiter giving ut'erance to a
few words—
Mr. J. CAMPBELL rose and said the motion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Sal-
tonstall] was a mere evas.on oí ths rule. The
gentleman from Massacbu-.etts had moved to strike
out a 'ingle c'ause, and offered to substitute for it
an entire bill.
The CHAIRMAN decided it to be in order. He
said the gentleman could substitute any tbing for
the clause he proposed to strike out.
Mr. J CAMPBELL appealed from the decis-
ion of the Chair.
Mr. A. V. BROWN ¡.aid the gentleman's objec-
tion, and, consequen'ly, the gentleman's appeal,
came too late
The CHAIRMAN a'so decided that he was out
of order, the genueman from Nerf York [Mr.
Fillmore] having ob'ained the floor and eom-
mencod hi. addres, befi.re the o'o,ection was taken.
Mr. FILLMORE, tben, as tba exordum to his
speech, r-.tcred at great l ngth into Ihe difficulties
w.iieh the Committee of VVavs and Me?nsbai had
in íhá preparation and peí fecímg of the measure
now boforf the committee. He sa'l it was a ques-
tion of ths greatest magnitude that cosld come
be.'ore an American Congress. No'hing short of
tl_e question of peace or war could be more impor-
tant than tne qu"-tion of the mode of raising the
necessaty revenue to carry on the Government.
Itwasalsia subject tint wis complica'ed in its
charae'er, and he therefore regretted thai the House
should have refu->ed su'hosity to ihe Committee on
Manufactures to collect such information as the
s lt!etncat of so important a subject rendered
necessary. They were denied the privilege of
sending for persons and papers, and they were
denied the aid of a clerk; but, notwithstanding all
thece circumstances, it was due to the committee
to state, that they had gone on and collected a
mass of facts that would be found useful both to
the House ¡ nd to the country, though falling short
of whn ought to have been ob'ained, to enable the
House to c ns'dar this subject pioperly. He al-
luded to this "more in sorrow than in a^ger," and
only by way of apology for the comrait'ee, if the
result of their labors should bs found imperfect.
He next recapitulated the services which had been
rendered by t'.e head of the Tressurv Department
to the committee, and then proceeded .o the a!l-
importan* question itself.
It: the hr-% p'"ce,he be<"ged to s'at? lint thh was
a reven ;e bill, intended to supply the wants of the
Trea«urj; and he therefore should consider it in
thai point of v w. A'id fte first question which
P'esentfd ¡tick"for consideration, vas, whit was the
amoui' , f revenue that wou'd be required to car-
ry on the Oovernms.il? That quesü  n hrd bperi
rather fully considered by the Secretary of the
Treasury, end he be-ged to call the at'ention of
ihe comnrt'ee to th- remarks of the Secretary ott
that subject. In th" Secrctaty'.s report accompa-
nying hi« projet, he estimates ths evpf nses of the
Government tor the year 1842, mclulmg civil,
foreisi, mi-ce'laneous, and tnearroj and the navy,
at $24 424,358 95; and for the other permanent ap-
propuation* for the year, £922,1100. There was
then, :n addition to the amount required to pay the
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 9,1842.
The Hon. Nathan Appleton of Boston, elect-
ed   to supply  the   vacancy   occasioned by   the
resignation of Mr. Wintbe p, appeared, was qualf
fled, and took his seat.
Mr. ADAMS moved a correction of the journal
of yesterday, m that part where.n it was stated
that Mr. ¡McKeon moved to lay the motion to
print an extra number of copies of the Ni-w York
custom-house reports on the table. The motion
made by that gentleman, h  said, was. to lay a por-
tion of the proviso on the table; whereas it was
on bis motion taat the whole subject w< s disposed
of.   The correction was made accordingly.
Mr. FILLMORE, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bi 1 to extend, un'i! the 1st
ot August next, the laws for laying and coil <:ting
duties on imports. Mr. F. stated that the bill was
intended a« a substitute for that which was reported
on Tuesday last. Tne bill was read twice, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the s ate
of the Union, af.er an ineffecual effort, on the
part of Mr. Coopsa of Georgia, to have it laid on
the table.
BRITISH COLONIAL TRADE.
Mr. BRlCCiá cai'ed f.i the orltrs ot the day—
the report from the Commiti.e on For. igu Aflair,
in relation to the Bu hhco'omai tiaV.
Mr. LOWELL, who was entitled to the floor,
addrtS:ed the House at length, eaiencg into a his-
tory of the whole subjee, and replying to the re-
marks nii.de in oppo-ition to the tcport oí the
Committ.-c oi Foreign Affairs. Tne di.lance at
which ¡V3r. L. stood from the deilr, and the con-
fusion prevailing ii the ha'], prevented Hie repor'er
from hearing him widi ."jftr-ie'it di tinctnesa to do
anything hkejuiiice to his icmailts
Alter Mr. L. had czmcnulei, ihe motion to refer
the report and resolu>¡on ot the Cimmiiire oa
Foreign Affairs to the Committee of ths Whole oa
the stale of the Union was carried m the affirma-
tive.
On motion of ¡Mr. TOPE, the seven fin days m
July (utiles, the business be sooner con'p'eted)
w;re sst apatt tor the transaction of business re-
lating to the Territories.
Mr. CuOPEilof Pennsj Iv.i ua asked leave U
K-.ske a report fro a the Commit eeoi ¡idun Af-
fairs, on ihe le"er of the Secrcta-y of War decli-
ning tocommunio'e to the Hoike the in orraauon
ia his t'.'j .m ne> t re'-t ivp U frauds on ths Choro-
ker- fnd' .:: ; «hot su jeet Vad teen referred to
thatc m.iintpe by a r sola c i o'* (he House.
M«-,is. CFJ8 iliV? .in ! PROr'FZ i" ob| Ved.
Mr. COOr-B'i of Penn-ylwonii niovcM a surp -n-
S'on of ths rn'es for th • peposs o. rec iviiig the
report; iii-on wine ,
Mr CUSHIKG crlled for tho yess an1 n- ',
wb'ch «"ere a,*c rdinely on'-red; s.n I                         '
Tae \ote hiving been tak^n, it ¡esulted in yei"
111, na3 s '3— .ot lwo-t' .rd ; at J the rules, thDits-
lore, wtr" />oi rasr) nd  '
Mr. KEiVKEDY of &rs jla.J, f^nx <h* Com
mittfe o~> C(ini^'^e,  rep r<eJ a  b' 1 tosii-r ¡he
mode of m-fc«or "g t-- «j^rag • of rhn^a1! ve-,-
sels emplee i in the nurciint    rv^ei-f '!:•> Unned
Slate ; vl'tj'a v/a"  r11.! I twi.-* , an ' rehire I to the
Committee of tl.e Wboi^ en ,'i ■ s1 t« i ( tl,p Upion.
The bill auihjrizirg íh' i   ¡"(In gi=ter to ;hí>
brsg Guiñare, wa* red ¡tie t.jii¿ ti-^e and pp--- <.
Mr. HALL preserved a memcr.al oí p 17 cviz^ns
^enniB^ton county, Yermon-, complaining that    I
mw$ ptopesedto be levied on woo!, by the bill   I
