60S
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
were of much more importance to hi*, than any
resolutions that might be passed to instruct the
President of the United States to appoint a board
of engineers tosurvey the coast, or aboard of officers
to select sites for fortifications. Let us (said he)
finish the fortifications and defences already com-
menced. Neither in the army or na>fy appropr a-
ti«n oiils, have the committee decided upon, or die
Home made, such appropriations as ought to have
been made for the comp'etion of those defences
already commenced, and he called the attention of
every Southern Senaior to the fact, and invoked
them to co-operate with him in mabirg such
amendments to them, as he will propose ior the
completion of the fortifications for the protection
of Louisiana. No appropriation for the defence
and protection of Louisiana is made in the for-
tification bill.
It was idle to talk of a naval depot at the Tor u-
gas or Key West> for the defence of the South,
while the system of defences commenced are not
completed. A navy-yaid was commenced at Pen-
sacola seventeen years ago, and, at this day, it was
no more anavy-yard, for praciical purposes, than
the yard or green which surrounded the Capitol.
He desired that the chairman of these two commit-
tees (the military and naval) would step forward
now, when the Mis vvere before the Senaie, and
give an earnest of their desire to protect the South
and the Gulf of Mexico. But these splendid
schemes, which are to take place hereafter, to pi o-
tcct the commerce of the Gulf of Mexico &rd im-
mense wealth of the great Mississippi valley, was
a matter in which he ieii little interest, but he felt
great interest that the fortifications commenced
should be complied, and that the navy-yard d!
Pensacola sdiould be completed, until fiat was
done, the Gulf was periecdy defenceless, and, until
that yard was put in a position for ¡he repair and
the building of veisels, the whole South was per-
fectly at the mercy of the East in these particulars
The memorial was then refercd to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs
Mr. CHOAi'E pie ented a memorial from the
cities of New York and Brooklyn, JST. Y,remrn-
straang against the reduction maJe in the House
of Representatives in the appropriations to ihe
navy, and praying that liberal appropriations may
be made to sustain that branch of th" public ser-
vice- ordered to lie on the table, wbeie the bill
to which it refers now lie.
Mr TALLWADGL presented two memoráis
fromNnv Yíi>¡, praying the pas.ate of a law
establishing a national exchequer: ordered to lie
on the tab e
Mr T. aho presented a memorial f,om citizens
oí Aloany, remons'raling aga.r t any ruluctnn
of the duty on gold and «ílveí varí imported
referred to ihe Committee on Manufactures,
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to which bad been referred
the claim of Jooeph Kreps to a lot oi laud, report-
ed a bi'l for th*.  tlief of his legal representative'',
which w.io read, and ordered 'o a second read>ng.
Mr. CONRAD, fro n the Commutes on Private
Lr i J daims, made an adverse report on ihe claim
of Joseph Itoiy, wh eh was lead, and ordered to
b" priii ttd
Mr WjODB"IDDE, from th Commute- on
Comr tree, *o winch had been re tried f-tause bill
entitled ' An aci t > cj  ucc th p nit of fctomngton,
Mys ic, and Pa vcatucli into a collect* > i district,"
lep )iied the «ame ha„k wi h e«ral amendments,
vh-iue    read, an   r rd-r d to be pr n>cl
hir MERRICK a Bed the S na1  to take up 1 e
h fl to pro/ ie for the permanent employment, in
the Post 0(u¿<¡ Dt-partear at, of ctr'ain dirt's be e-
to'oie, for several yea' , temporarily emp^yed m
taat dtpnnme-i.
Mr. M motcd o pospone the previous ordrr^,
for li-c pmpoe oi t ¡i ng t>p tnt -hove bill
The j esifa \ as p~t en ti mot' n. I' a as
agreid t , a' i th* b 1 w-s ukea up as 11 com mt-
te„ of tie uiK) e
Mr MERRICK ^aid a fovis o i was, if fo a ce 1
into the civil an! di o a o bul, t iat «/paitof
the appropti itions si,ou d be appl.ed to the pay-
«Wnt of aey oihiiers not provided for under exi«irj;
oí permanent Saw.   luesi clerks had been em-
ployed for several years m that departmen ; yet
they were not considered permanent clerks, inas-
much as they were onlv authorized by th * a.mual
appropriation bill, m which provision was made
for their pay
Mr. M. then proposed an amendment to the
bill, appropriating $10,600 to pay temporary
clerks now emp'oyed in the office of the Auditor for
the Post Office Department He ¿aid these clerks
were similarly situated. They had not received a
stiver of pay since the first of January last, and
could not receive pay till this bill was passed
Mr. SEVIER made some remarks as to trie
great number of clerks who were employed ii
this department—-more, he believed, than were ne-
cessary .
Mr WRIGHT referred to a law under which
some of th°se clerks were appointed, shewing that
it was not intended by it .hat they should become
permanent clews, Demg allowed to the department
meiely to meet a crtain contingency. He also
maintained that, if they were to become permanent
clerks, shine of tfeir salaries, should be reduced
He believed, on a comparison of their duties, and
the reqaii-i'e qualifications to perform those duties,
with the duties and qualifications of tho„e in other
offices, their salaries were higher than was allowed
in other offices.
Mr. MOREHEAD was satisfied that, if theie
was any necessity for additional clerks in any of
the departments here, it was m the Post Office De-
partan lit. Tst labors of that department were
increased more than any other, by the extens on of
mail contracts and mail facihn s. Mr. M. then
alluded to ihe expected retrenchment.
Mr SEVIER was sorry to hear ihe chairman >f
th® ictrenchment aid reform committee [Mr.
Morehiad] speak so despondingty of the reforma
tion of which there had been so much talk, and so
many promises made, and which the country had
a right to expect from the reformation committee
The cry of ret ouchment and economy had be n
in full blast ever since the late contest; but he be-
1 cved very little woull be effected, toju-tge of the
remarks of the chairman, who now says little can
be done without the co-operation of the Executive.
Mr MOREHEAD said th-re was just ca<ise
to believe that retrerchment was necessary in all
the departments—'hat there vvsre ca es for investi-
gation n all of them. Thai movement, (the ap-
pointment of the retrenching committee,) he wouid
Suy, aiose from no disposi ion t~> end in parly con-
i-itiera'ions, bin it was ¡rsittitel to ent->r, 11 all
p issible good faith, into inve 'gation for the pur-
pose of tüeamj i ¿form and retrenchment
Afera <ew more renurks by Messrs. MORE-
HEAD and SEVIER, relative to he prom sed re-
trenchment,
The question was taken on the amendment, grid
agreed to, and the bill w^.s reported *o the Senate.
The amendment or the committee w-ikt'ien con-
curs (' ¡a, and (be bill was ordena to be engrossed
for a th rd readirg.                                           '
THE APPORTIONMENT BILL     f
The speeial order of the day brotigni tif> (ft^ap-
por lonment b il, engH ss d for a hird read'pg
Mr TALLMADGE moved a recwweeration of
the vote ordering the bill to be engiossed for a tnird
readiD< 
Mr. .VrtJLKER called for the yeas and na\s on
the question of reccn^ideranon, which -ven; or-
rte'-e.l.
M Klí O wi had to b in'omiel «hatolj'ct
i  as u r .nal ed ov the motui), a= c Ct ir«¡d to
vnti c ndersta diiigly Tna Ssra'e naJ beoi a
brie iinv >- rphue m riecon idention of the i),
wit i ^ vie  oi bnttD i it into a n ier shap', and
now, af ei hivi 2 Jau fd at it for weecs and
hammerej 1 11 to ns piesent torm, v hy nou' 1 it
bJ hiown ¿sai n into eo mittee to c'ns rre—1
Cvj.íH*io je k 0 7n h"w miifh iiaie flj wa led
to ti -i s^isg id rsao *, ven why t ie Pe 13 p
hou a tr.us reiraca w •-t ps
Ar TALLvIADtE eb>erpc¡ lha  be had
. o4 d ai adjo'rfl lent >ta" Jaj e/emug, .0 Rive
11  ¡á-naior,, on ihe 1 ¡her s.de ai opo 2 ami / of
i.ejn-derug the subject Pc him-eif, he l^d
div to say that thsrc \/ e sjm" amendments of
me bill vii£u he did not approve, and he would
be glad to have an opportunity of reconsidering
them. It would not be necessary to consume time
now, by further explanation, butshouid this motioa
prevail, he would s'ate his objection  to the b 11 in
its present form.
The yeas and cays were then taken, and the
vete was recnsiteied—yeas 26, nays 18, as fol-
lows:
"¿BAS—Massrt. Archer, Barrow, fates, Bayard, Choate
Clayton, Contad Crafts, Evans, Graham Henderson, Hun mg-
100, Kerr Mangum, Merrick, Miller, "Worehead, Pliek,«, Porter,
Preston, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, fepra¿ue, Tallmadge,
White, and Woodbridge--26
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Berrien, «"utlibert, Fulton,
King Lmr.McKobetts, Gives, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut,
Sturgeon, Walker, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and
Tourg—18
Mr. WHITE then moved to reconsider the vote
by which the following amendment was concurred
in, viz:
"Provided, Tha each district shall contain, asnear as may
be, an eq-ul number of inhabitants 10 be represented "
Mr. WRIGHT called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
Mr. BENTON was surprised at this motion.
He was surprised to «se a clause, f omtible in it-
self, and adopted by a vote almost general in the
Senate, attempted to be stricken ou —and tbar,
without a particle of reason being gi.'en for it. The
amencssent requiring the districts to contain, as
near as may be, the same amount of population,
was so natural in itself, that tne omission of it seem-
ed to be an accident; and the vote of three to one,
given m favor of adopting it, seemed to show that
such was the sense of the Senate Now it is pro-
posed to reconsider that vote, and to revene it, and
to leave the districts to be as unequal as the Legis-
lature- please in point of numbeis By this means,
minorities might control the elections, by giving
one member to a large district of one political easte,
and small ones to members of a different caste. No
reason is given for this motion. He (Mr B ) held
himself to be a reasonable being, and wished rea-
sons for thus reversing what was done jesterday.
The States, also, were reasonable, and would wish
reasons for thus treating them. The States have
not yet dwindled into nothing, as General Hamil-
ton supposed they wou'd, if the General Govern-
ment maintained itself; they are not yet to be treat-
ed as senseless machines, or as the vassals of an
imperious master. Sic jabee, sic voh, stet wiun-
tis pro ratione.
[Mr. Buchanan Stat voluntas.]
Mr. Benton. Stet, also : it is the imperative,
and may be used ao well as the mcicative. This
imperious language is not yet to be used by Con-
gress to the States. They are not >et to be told
that the will of Congress stands, or may stand, for
a reason • the order is sufficient. The States will
want reasons, and have a ri-ht to them. They
will have a n«ht to know why a clause, so just and
proper in itself, and adopted by so large a vote yes-
terday, is to be reversed to-day.
Mi. B. called the attention of the Senate to the
delays which had occurred in passing this bill. It
should have been passed last winter, while the
State Legislatures were in ses<ion; the majority of
the two Houses were «.sponsible for not having so
parsed it. The minority constantly called for the
passage of this bid—the Senators from Ohio
especially—and that, m obedience to instructions
trovo their Sta'es They called for it, and the
minority have dono a1! in thur power to bring it
forward, and acce'er.Ue its passage, and now,
when at last the uill has got to its las* stage-
now, at the end cf six n onihs—on this tenth day
of Jure—here is a motion, to reconsider, and re-
open the conteste '.section, and set the «hole debate
aft at again The State  were badly treated, they
are put 10 enorrmusexgens" and inconvenience, in
h )dngextr-i sessions 10 comply with the Jaw" of
Congress, some are now actually satmg and waiting
foi in.s law Pennsflvanu and New Hampshire
ver°m itnt condition, others hai adjourned, ma-
king contingent provision for the election, and now,
(reb 1 ist> be 11I far.h>r deiayed, and the con-
tiigei. provisions rendereu nugitory by theadop-
1 oc 01 11 expected and unprecedented enactmenis.
Mr. B. said the man <ue to district the
Siates would be a vast cxpei -e and inconvenience
I to the States wmch may undertake to comp'y with
