BY BLAIR AND RIVES.                                   ---------WEEKLY---------                              PRICE $1 PER SESSION.
27th Cong.........2d
THURSDAY, JUNE 16, 1842.
Volume 11«...No. 89.
Continued from No 38
it, and whose elections may come on, under exist-
ing laws, before a stated meeting of their Legisla-
tures. Half the States in the Uaion were in that
condition. Others were in a still more difficult posi
tion—in the position of impossibility of complying
wi;h the mandate of Congres«,even > f willing to obey
it. He aliadad to Louisiana and Missouri; on<? of
which held her election on the first Monday in July,
the other tne first Monday in August ' In both
States compliance was impossible. ~ The bill is not
yet passed, and may not get through all the forms
for a week or two u) come, It can hardly be heard
of in Lou s'ana. In Missouri it would be impos-
sible to convoke the Legislature in time, either to
district the State, or to postpone the election. The
Governor cannot postpone the election; the Legis-
lature alone cou'd do it, and there is no time to
convene it for the purpose. The election must
take place A law of the State, made under the
Constitution of the United Stale', requires it to be
held on ¡he first Monday m August. The officers
of the Stale must open the polls, the people have a
right to vote; and, if one man votes, it is an elec-
tion. And is it to be set aside by Congress ? Is
it to be nullified? Is it to be treated as if it had
never taken place ? Mr. B believed that was the
phrase used in Pennsylvan.a, in time of the buck-
shot war.
[Mr. Buchanan said yes; the election was
proposed to be treated a"; if it had never taken
place ]
And Congress (said Mr. Beitton) propose to
treat the election in Missouri as it it had never
taken place; and that, for not complying with an
act of Congress, where it was a demons'rated and
acknowledged impossibility to comply with it.
Mr. B. said, history recorded the acts of a tyrant
who wrote his edicts m small letter', and then
placed them on the tops of bush column-, where no-
body could read them; and then punished people
for disobeying them. Tint wis very tyrannical-
but this conduct of Congress rs worse; for the col-
umn might posnoly have been climbed by some,
and the edict read: but, in this case, no one can
read our act before it is passed, nor obey it when
there is not time to do so.
Mr. B said the mandamus section was uncon-
stitutional, and marte more odious by the manner
of passing it It was dear that Congresi had no
power over the election-;, except to supply the de-
fect or misconduct of the S ates Here Mr B read
a passage from General Hamilton'o speech .n the
convention of 1787, and another passage from Mr.
Rufus King'* speech, to susiam his position. The
passages quoted were in these wotris:
"AU must admit the posaibiluj m case the Geneial Govrrn
ment should maintain ltsell that the State Gover measmislu
gradually dwindle into noth v-      The sy 'em, tl nefme,
should not be engt afted on wlmt rntght possibly i ail ' — Oci
Hamilton
"He supposed the L^gio atures wonl 1 cons intly cho ise men   I
subservientto the"- o^vn views, 9= contrasted to the e neia in
teres!, andlhat lh"y ini°lit, even d viscmo    sif election that
■Wuuld he suhvei sue of Ike end in view "—Mr R King
Mr B said, i.ere was t'ií ressun for tins grant
of power- It was first to keep 11  F_aeral Gov-
ernment ahve after the States dwindled mta noth-
ing, and ceased to provide for the Federa' elec-
tions; and. ntxt, to correct the perverse legislation
of the States ou the subject General Hartilton gave
a reason why Congress should make regulation*: Mr.
King gave reasons why it should alter them, and
here was found the reason for tne two phrases
found in the Constitution—the phrases, "make or
alter." Thus, Congress was not t0 interfere at all
in these elections—not to meddle at all with this
domestic concern, until 'he States came to noth-
ing, and ceased to make laws, for the Congress
elections; or until they became perverse, and de-
vised modes of election to subvert the end in view.
It was on these conditions that Congress got juris-
diction of the question. Neither of the contingen-
cies has occurred. The case has not arise  in
Which Congress can act at all, even by making a
law of its own, or altering a Stale law. Yet Con-
gress assumes to act; and that, not by making a
law, or altering a law, but by commanding the
States to alter their own legislation. Thus, the
conduct of Congress is doubly unconstitutional—
first, by assuming power where i' haj none; and,
nett, by commanding the States to act, instsad of
acting itself. This double unconstitutionality is
aggravated by the mode of acting, by the delays
which have occurred, bv assuming authority and
guardianship over the States by meddling in a do-
mestic question; by laying States under the n ces-
sity of called setsions of their Legislatures; and, in
the case of Missouri, requiring a physical lmpos-
sibihiy.
Mr. B. appealed to the gentlemen of the other
side to content themselves with the exercise of un-
doubted rights, and not provoke a collision with
the Slates by doing an unconstitutional thing—and
that, in a way to make the mode of acting fully as
offensive a1* the thing done.
Mr. TAPPAN explained the circumstances un-
der which the State of Ohio would be placed,
should this bill be parsed without the amendment
of the Senator from Missouri Had the second
section of the bill been left in its original form, it
would be doubtful whether the districts should be
made uniform wuh respect to territory, or wnh re-
spect to populatioE; but the amendment puts it be-
yond any doubt. By striking out this amendment,
political patties are invited to make caucus dis-
tricts. If a political party, controlling the Legis-
lature, wished to cut off the influence of an antag-
onist party, havint; an ascendency—in the Western
Reserve, m Ohio, for instance—it could make that
Reserve a single district, and give five or six, or
any other number ot Representatives, within the
number limited to the State, to a section contain
log less population. The rejection of this amend-
ment now, by a reconsideration, places the matter
on a worse ground than if it never had been adopt-
ed. It goes to show that the Senate of the United
States sanctions and approves of inequali ies in
disincts.
M¡. TALLMADGE, in reply, observed, that he
apprehended no difficulty in the arrangement.
The Legislatures would have plenty of time to
conform to this law.
It was not necessary for him to open up the
general subject fgam, and he should, therefore,
confine luraseIf 'o a very few observations in rela-
tion to his motion to reconsider the vote of yester-
day ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Tafpan] imagines
the pending motion, to reconsider the vote adopting
thfc amendment of the Sena'or from Missonn, if
suprcs'ful, an 1 follower' aa bv a votp rejecting
that amejdaieni, will leave the «ccot d clau'* of
•he bil' in a con Iition to operate as an mvitatios to
Legislatures in the hands of political ^artisans to
ma're such inequalities in the di'tr oation of dis-
tricts &', to insure their party asee idency He
even ímaeined this inequality to the extr-t of ma-
king the wnole Westprn Reserve of the C ate of Oh'o
a stng'e district, wua a view o( crusnmg an antag-
onist party in that section of the State. Now, he
hid no idea that the Legislature of Ohio would,
or indeed could, do any such thing. The Western
Reserve would not be without its Representatives
m the Legislature to protect its rghts; and if the
Representatives of other sections attempted any
such oppression, their own constituents would ef-
fectually check them. But, independent of these
checks, he had too much faith in the patriotism of
the Representatives of the people in their General
Assemblies,to lmagipefor a moment that any such
designs would be contemplated, much less carried
into effect.
The only consequerce of the rejection of this
amendment will be a beneficial one- it will leave
the Legislatures free to make such discretionary
arrangements as will avoid the necessity of divi-
ding counties. Such divisions as might otherwise
be required, would be in some States impractica-
ble, aeeordmg to the requirements of tht  proviso;
for, m many of them the census was not taken in
subdivisions, but in whole counties For the e
reasons, and these alone, he wished the vote to be
reconsidered; and, if reconsidered, he would vote
to strike out the amendment.
Mr. BUCHANAN said: Mr. President, I pre-
sume you know, as well as any other Senator oa
this floor, that it is utterly vain to deba'e the pres-
ent question. It has already been decided; and
the vote of yesterday will be reconsidered and re-
versed by the vote of the Senate to-day.
I do not, therefore, me to discuss tne ques'ion;
but merely to present to the Senate and to the
country a faithful picture of our proceedings, or
rather of what they will be before the close of the
present day.
The amendment proposed by the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Bejtton] yesterday was so palpably
proper, that it seemed at once to be hailed by the
general concurrence of the Senate. It was plainly
necessary for the parpóse of carrying out the prin-
ciple of the bill. Upon a solemn vote, on the ayes
and n es, only ten Senators of the whole body re-
corded their votes against it. This was not all.
After a considerable interval of time, the same
question again recurred, on the question of eoncar-
nng with the csmmu'ee of the whole ía their re-
port. After debate, this amendment was agam
adopted, by another solemn vote on the ayes and
noes; but sixteen then voting against it.
Thus Senators were twice solemnly committed
yesterday in favor of this amendment. And what
will be their condition to day, unless I greatlv mis-
take the signs of the times? These very Senators
will turn about to-day, and vote upon the aye and
noes in direct opposition to their votes of yester-
day. The rec >rd, when made up, will present this
astonishing spectacle. Whether this sudden and
striking inconsistency will not tend to impair the
justly high standing of individual Senators, as welt
as of the whole body, I shall leave to the country to
determine.
But whence thts new light which has burst upon
Senators? I do not positively knew, but I shall
hazard a conjecture with a great degree of confi-
dence. No power could have produced sneh an
extraordinary and sudden conversion, except the
power of a king who has reigned m these halls,
wi'h omnipoient sway, since the commencement of
the late extra session:—1 refe- to king Caucus. He
deals with refractory suoj-cts m a movt efficient
and summary manner. Hi can fhange an affiim-
ative vote of yesterday into a reganve vote (f to-
day; and th're is no appeal from his mandates
'< f vam, therefore, to res st the execution of
this 'Veree; a d it is vam to say, in t ! ifcuago
of ihe Senator from Missouri, that, wi a a full
knowledge of the consequence*, you are about to
provoke a contest between Federal and Siate au-
thority, which may prove exjemely dang^ous to
our institutions; and this, without the slightest ne-
cessity. It would have been easy fer you to have
avoided any snoh collision, by eicepung from the
operation of the bill those States which cannot
now, by possibih'v, obey your law. But you will
rush madly on, in full view of these consequences,
and this amendment, which you have tw ee sol-
emnly sustained, will be rejected, for the purpose
of depriving the House of Represeatatives oí ihe
power of arresting this dangerous policy.
Mr TALLMADGE did not know what would
be the result of 'jis vote to reconsiaer; but he was
encouraged to hope it would be successful, by the
prophetic tone of the remarks just made by the
Senator from Pennsylvania, who had such a happy
gift of foretelling what was sure to happen.
The Senator has said a good deai about the sub-
j'ection of gentlemen on this fkior to the commands
of kins; Caucus; and it was not for him (Mr. T.>
to doubt the Senator's right to speak authoritatively
