610
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
on a subject susceptible of all the lights of expe-
rience. 'Ibis king Caucus might rule with as much
despotism as he pleased on the other side, "but he
protested against his friends being judged of by the
experience of their political opponents. He could
assure the Senator that the commands of king Cau-
cus never bad any effect on him, even when he
be'onged to that party; nor should tbey at any
time, present or future. He was not aware that
any of his inends could be influenced by such
command?.
With respect to the immediate question at issue,
he would ask, were not many of the State Legisla-
tures in the hands of the Democratic party, even
m the largest of the States? And if he was willing to
leave the discretionary power of arranging the d!*-
tncts in th«ir hands, was it not a strong evidence
that he sincerely held no apprehensions that the ar-
rangement would be governed by party motives;
or, if he had, that his conviction of the necessity
of ttvng the States themselves the control of the
matter was superior to all partisan considerations?
JJr "WALKER said the Senator from New York
was entirely mistaken in supposing that this propo-
sition had been suddenly broughi forward. The
matter had been calmly and maturely considered
by the J tdiciary Committee; and upon this partieu-
Jar point the committee were unanimous. [Mr.
Walkfk heie read from the report of the commit
tee ] This was the opinion of four Whigs and one
Democrat.
Mr. TALLMADGE observed that it had been
stated by a member of that committee that ihey had
agreed the report should be made, but reserved to
themselves the right to act as they thought proper
in reference to it, when it came to be conbidered in
the Senate.
Mr. WALKER replied, that what h- intended
to a'sert was, that the commniee were unanimous
upon this point: that if there were to be single dis-
trict1,, they should be as nearly as possible equal in
point tf numbers.
Mr. KERR said that he had not been present in
committee, and had not expressed any opinion at
all upon the point.
Mr. WALKER said he was speaking of tho <?
who had been present. So far from this question
having been suddenly sprung upon the considera-
tion ol tut Senate, it had oeen solemnly brought to
their consideration as long as within three days of
a month ago, and he would venture to say that the
pcnfral principle was so clear aBd obvious, that no
rne could deny its propriety— hat if you divide the
S ates mío districts at all, the composition of the
districts, as nearly as may be, should be equal.
Would any man deny this? If he did, he must
deny the right of equal representation. On what
principle of just ce or equality could you say that
one district should be composed of 100,000, and
another of 40,000 or 50,000' The principle was so
just and obvious, that no man could dispute the
propriety of it, and yet gentlemen objected to it,
because they want to allow a latitude to the State
L"gi«latnres.
Those very gentlemen who wero so desirous of
i«umg their mandate to  the State Legislatures
were now to very sensitive regaidwg the rights of
the States in this matte i, that they refused to divide
counties bit', if single districts are to be made,
hi w was the division of counties to be avoided'
Here was a mandate to make <"ngle disfr cts   How
would this operate, for example, upon the county
of New Tons ?   The county includes the city, and,
by the ratio proposed, that county would be entitled
to >u members    Well, gentlemen said countie-,
were noi to be divided, if so, the countv and city
of N*w York, containing a population of four hun-
dred  hiusanri, must be represented by one mem-
ber.   The same might be satd with regard to Phil-
adelphia. That county, though entitled to five mem-
ber--, should send but one.   These were the reasons
forrtfu<-ms* equal justice—for districting and g rry
M<ia<'e¡ n? i! e State*, and, let it be understood, it
would no aoubt be earned iHtoeffect. Was there any
thing in trie oil), as it stood, that would dictate a
reason why the districts should be composed of
contiguous territory?   And yet  gentlemen   were
disposed to pay more respect to the dirt, and mud,
^ftt earth, of which the counties were composed, I
than  to human beings.   AU their attention was
directed to the geographical divisions, but no regard
was paid to the freemen that Uve and breaihe upon
the soil^no regard to population.   The manda'e
was, to make  districts  of  contiguous territory;
but the gentleman would not command that the
districts should be equalized in point of population.
Oh, no!   That would  be encroaching upon the
rights of the S ate Legislatures    If they  left one
point to the discretion of the States, why noi leave
the other?    Did gentlemen   suppose   that   they
would include teintory that was not contiguous '
If so, why did not their jealousy extend a little fur-
ther?   You say, you ■¡hall make districts of contig-
uous territory, but you may make them as une-
qual «s jou please.   If you issue a mandate in
one instance, why not m  the  other'   Why not
couple the manéate with directions to do justice to
people, as well as to territory?   This was the meas-
ure of their regard for the freemen who  compose
this- Union, and who send them to represent them
in Congress'   He firmly believed that, if this bill
became a law, it would be fraught with more inju-
rious consequences to this country than any bill
that had e/er passed the two Houses of Congress
It ought to be entitled A bill to invite conflicts
between the States and  this Government;   or, A
bill to revive nullification m the United States.
Gentlemen could not close their eyes to the  fact,
that many of the States would proceed and elect
their members under their own laws, and would
bs compelled to disregard the law of Congress; and
yet they seemed determined to force this contest.
If it would only bring into contempt the party that
passed the law<perhaps it might not be a very in-
jurious consequence; but it had a tendency, also, to
bring into disrepute the whole Government     This
was ihe consequence which he feared,—that it would
create a «pint of contempt for the act of Corgress,
that  the   auihonty  of   Congress would come to
be defied, disregarded, and nullified by the State*,
and that they should have Representares in Con-
gress from the various Slates of the Union, under
this apportionment, taking their seats m open defi
anee of an act of Congress, under which they as-
semble;—and taking their seats rightfully, too, be
cause the House itself was made the judge, and the
sole judge, of the qualifications of its own members.
No man could deny or dispute the constitutional
right of the Hou"¡e to decide upon the quab fications of
their own members; and they might, there'bre, with
gieat propriety, disregard a law wh ch  had been
passed in defiance of that constitutional right.   He
certainly did deprecate  the passage of this law,
more than the passage of any single measure since
he had had the honor of a seat m Congress.
Mr. ALLEN said, when the vote was taken upon
this amendment yesterday, the hour at which the
Senate usually adjourned had not arrived, and when
the friends of this bill, (or at least one of them,)
knowing the extreme anxiety for despatch in re
|.ard to this particular measure, nevertheless
moved the adjournment, it was apprehended by
some (myself among the re „t) that a nocturnal
conclave was decigned to be held for some purpose
or other. Sir, (said Mr. Allen,) their purpose
was to get cut this amendment. I do not know
what transpired last night, but I do know the ob-
ject for which it was supposed the adjournment
was intended, has been, or is about to be, ac-
complished. Now, in the course of the observa-
tions which I have addressed to the Senate upon
this subject, as the discussion proceeded, I have de-
plored the manner m which th s measure has been
attempted to ba carried through, and I have de
plored the language which has been used by Sena-
tors here, m legard to the House of Representa-
tive I have deplored these things, because I
thought their tendency was to disparage the House,
as an institution, in the estimation and judgment of
the country. But, sir, if I were disposed to do an
injury to the House—if I were disposed to dev^e
ways and means by which I could most effectually
P'ostra'e it m the public jsdgmeit—I would send
the bill down with this provision, b} which the
House must be infallibly thrown into a state of dis
organization This will be the effect of the bill. It
will make the House of Representative, a scene of
turmoi!, strife, asd disorganization bsfore the coun-
try; and this will have resulted from your solemn
acl of legislation, with all these consequences visi-
ble to ihe Senate at ihe time of passing the act.
You have been told by a Senator upon this floor—
upon his responsibility as a Senator, acting under
oath, representing one of the sovereign States of
this Union—that, if you pass this act, his State
must be disfranchised, or it must be driven to nul-
lify your act. You have been told (what you know
to be true without being told) that you are about
to pass an act which it is impossible for some of the
States to execute. The Senator from New York
talks about ihe repugnance of that Slate to the sub-
division of counties; and this lathe who'e reason
for the motion which has been made th's morning.
Repugnance to subdivisions! Why, pending the
dr-cussion upon this bill, I proposed an amend-
ment for the purpose of avoiding subdivisions.
And what was the gentleman's vote upon that
proportion? He voted against it, and in favor of
the subdivision of counties.
Mr. Allen here read the amendment referred
to, as follows:
Pi ovidtd That nothing in this section «hait be so construed
as to requue subdivisions of counties or cines m any State,
with a view to thf formation ol single distncjt, when contrary
to existing laws and usages of the States, and the Customs and
habits of ¡lie people theieof
And, sir, upon ihe direct question, whether or
not counties should be subdivided, the Senator from
New York, who now gives his repugnance to sub-
divisions as a reason for his vote, voted against my
proposition, and in favor of subdivision.
[Mr. Tallmadge. And will still, where it is
necssary ]
Wbeie it is necessary' Will it not be as
necessary to equal ze the population as to equalize
the territory? You impose upon the States the
necessity of districting, and impose upon them the
necessity of doing great injustice, or of disregarding
>onr law, and setting Congress at defiance. Tbey
have never yet asked for legislation on the
su tject, or proposed to change the existing law;
and the effsci of your legislation will be, that it
will becom  odious to the people of the United
States. It is not demanded by the existence of any
evil, nor by the complaint of a single man, yet you
propose an entire change of the law throughout the
Republic—disturbing, by your act, the powers of
the State Governments Sir, it is such an act as
no preceding Congress has attempted to impose
upon the country; an act which will change the
habits of the people, disturb the social relations of
men grown gray and venerable by time—wh ch will
compel people that have been accustomed to vote
for members m their own counties, to vote in other
counties—not leaving them to follow the mode and
manner that they have been accustomed to.
Sena'ers have not weighed well the na ure of this
act which they are about to pas4;. I will tell them,
as a party act, the consequences to them will be
dire. A principle, which has been co existent with
this Government, is, that in these United States we
have too mach legislation. It is the complaint of
the whole p-ople everywhere, in every quarter of
the Republic. You commence sn act of legisla-
tion, without an evil to be remedied, without com-
plaint f,om any man You commence an act
which requires legislation in all the States. You
comment e an act without any necessity, wbish
will produce strife and tuimoil, while the people
are already sufficiently excited by party conflicts.
But all these, great and apoa'hng as.they are, sink
into insignificance in comparison with the enor-
mity which you are about to commit, in disorgan-
izing the f Jhdamemal power of this Government—
the law-making power itself. You have started, by
your proceedings on thssubject, and by your speech-
es, a contest between the large and small States__a
contest which I deplore most deeply, because in it
your sovereignty will prove nothing, in compari-
son with the sovereignty of the people. Do you
want these contests, this strife, to be produced be-
tween the Siates—founded, as the/ are, upon the
geographical limits, and the numerical extent of
the population' You say you do. Where did you
¿el the right to regular the power of the State Le-
gislatures? The Consi ution of the United States
has regulated their povie.s. Where do you get the
right to say to the State of Ohio, that her power is
