becoming too great? to say to her that you will
curb her growth, lest she should overshadow her
neighboring sisters? Where do you get the power?
You areassaming it.   It is the basis of this act.
We are told here, sir, that you have the consti-
tutional power, growing out of the fact that the
States might be disposed to disregard their duty.
This, we are told, is the foundation of the power
Bat this power depends upon the happening of a
contingency So, then, the foundation of thi<s bill
rests upon the supposition that the States will re-
fuse to send Representatives , but, m my opinion,
the contrary will be the fact The Urge States
will send too many The effect of this, bill, then,
15 to amend the Constitution, and m'hout any
apology or reason given for 1* Tne amen lment
of the second section of this bill is intended to curb
the large States. This is the argument given, and
we are to sit here to watch, and see whether or not
the States are becoming too po verfal, and when we
p'ease, we are to take up the Constitution, and re-
model it, by changing the organization of the other
House. I repeat, that this act is uncalled for by
the existence of any evil, or by the petition of a
single American citizen. I repeat, it will produce
dissatisfaction in the minds of the people, it will pro-
duce a struggle in the House of Representatives,,
and it will finally be nullified
A Senator upon this floor has declared to you,
upon his responsibility as a Senator, that his State
cannot, by possibility, conform to the provisions of
your law And, m the face of all thise facts, you
are goirg on as if it was in the power of fifty two
men here, two hundred ard forty m th" oth-i wing
of the Capitol, ind one at the other end of the ave-
nue, to amend, alter, and remod 1 your form of
government at pleasure What is it that imites
your legislaron effective? C->nformity with il-e
Constitution You miy send jour mandamus as
often as you please , the States will look at the
Constitution, and they will find that the word ¿is
tnct is not known in that instrument States are
the smallest and the only political «ubdivisons
known to the Consti'ution But jou, by the sec-
ond section of this act, (as has been very well ob-
served by the Senator from Alabama,) do that
which is ominous in itself,—you provide a brief
mode of execution for the Slates, as men are sum
manly executed under military law You intend, i
by this, to require the States to send men here— j
how? They can come in no other character than
as Representative's of the people of the S ate , and,
coming here as Representatives of the people of
the State , they are classed by States, because the
Constitution knows of no other subdivision Wei),
sir,------
Mr. ARCHER rose to a question of orler,
whether a discussion upon the general merits of
the bill, which had been already so amply discussed,
was in order upon ihe motion for a reconsidera-
tion of the amendment submitted by the Senator
from Missouri
The point of order was overruled by the CHAIR,
and
Mr ALLE"i proceeded with his remarks. I
say if you undertake to alter the Constitution by
means of the jecond section of this bill—bj ap-
portioning memb'ri of Congress by d stricts—by
taking them away from the States, and giving them
to districts—you will undertake a thing which it is
not in your power to do I km w there has been
an answer a'teintt=d to be giv«n to this argument,
by the que-tion, "Why have the Sutes the power
of districting, if Congress has not"!" I can answer
that question Tne States are respins ble to you
only for a certain number of Repiesentatives
How they choose to get them here, is a matter into
which you have no right to inquire, so long a 
they do not exceed the number prescribed But,
sir, as the Senator on the other side is unwilling to
have the subject further discussed, I am sure lam
quite unwilling to prolong the debate, but I do be
heve that enough has been said to make this bnl
pass with the public by the title of' the black act "
Mr SIMMONS was struck with the inconsist-
ency of the course now taken by the gentlemen
opposite. Their votes recorded in the yeas and
nays on the question at issue some days since, rela-
tive to the amendment to the second section, re-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOtíE.
ported by the Judiciary Committee, could not be
reconciled with the votes they are about to give
now. He could not, therefore, see upon what just
grounds they accused others of changing their
votes
Mr. WALKER observed that the grounds for
his vote, on the occasion alluded to by the Senator
from Rhode Island, [Mr Simmons,] were fully
stated in his, speech then made, and since pub-
lished in the Globe, to which he referred. He
was, throughout the whole discussion ot this bill,
opnosed to the exercise of any power to compel the
State Legislatures to district their States, or even to
compel those m which the district system prevails
making the districts single districts, because he con-
sidered it a right which exclusively belonged to the
Stated ihemselve , and which Congress has no con-
stitutional authority to assum  The wh le thing
was a monstrous assumption of th" power, on ihe
part of the Fe leral Government, of repealing State
laws Tins very act would repeal an incredible
amount of S^ate laws. He would venture to say,
that if a competent per on were appointed by the
Senate to go into the library of Congress, and ex
amine the records of State laws, it would be found
that, to appease the manes of State sovereignty
whuh this bill annihilates, whole heca'ombs of
Slate laws must be sacrificed, forming a funeral
pvte greater than that raised over the body of
Hector
Mr. SIMMONS stated his views of the principle
involved in the question al issue the othei day,tha
yeas and nays on which he had alluded to
His great objection to the amendment now about
to be reconsidered was, that, in most cases, there
must be a division of counties to form districts, if
it is continued as a provision of the bill.
Mr. WoOOBTJRY rose to sugjest to the Senator
from Rhode Island that, if he would read the
amendment recommended to the second section by
ihe Judiciary Committee, he would find his mistake
in supposing there was any inconsistency in the
c< ur e taken by the Senator from Mississippi, con-
trasted with his vote then
That amendment went to relieve States already
electing by distucts from the eompuls on of making
«m^le distncis But it mairUmed that States elect-
ing by single distr cts shou d make them as nearly
equal in population as possible The objection
then urged was, that, if the districts were equal,
there would be no fraction This was brought to
the attention of the Senate when the subject of
fractional representation was under cons deration
The whole thing was reduced to a simple prop
osi ion—if the S a'es cannot be trusted with the
division of territory, they cannot be intrusted
with the division of population If they are not
competent to do that which is of the least value,
tHey are not to do that which is most essential.
But it is their exclusive province to preserve their
own rep-esentative principle, and that grows out of
population—not territory, and, as it must be their
especil duty to secure the rights of population,
they are competent to ptrform the task, being the
agents of the people il emselves and why not,
therefore, as competent to adjust the territory by
population2
Bat, on the subject of the greiter importance
attached to population than to territory, he referred
to the coteriporancouo evidence of Mr. Msdi on's
opinion*", and those of Patrick Henrv, (which he
quoted at large ) One oí the objections—and a
very striking one—-was, that a tempts might be
made to represent properly instead of numbers
Represen i anon would be meiely that of land, goods,
chatte s, and cattle, instead cf human beings Th*
g'eai anx ety was to prevpnt the possibility of this
borough system But now, instead of keepmsr
this necessary safeguard in view, the door is to be
thrown open, as if it was in con'emplation to invite
the very evil held in such abhorrence by the pa riots
of the Revolution Under the assumption of solici-
tude for the pro ection of numbers, a door of mvi-
tation is opened for the introduction of the princi-
ple of representing property—and that, too, in such
a manner as to invi e the means of invading the
rights of numbers
Mr. ARCHER remarked that he had no desire
to protract the discussion by making a speech; but
6ii
he had been called up by the accusatory tone in which
the gentlemen on the other side had spsken of this
motion to reconsider both the vote of yesterday in
favor of engrossing the bill for a third reading, and
that by which the amendment to the second sec-
tion had been adopted As to the particular amend-
ment itself, he could truly say tbat he regarded it
as of so little consequence, one way or the other,
that he did not give any vo e on it, in consequence
of his mind not being made up, at the time, as to
any serious eflect it would have. And it was not
to speak of its merits now, that he bad arisen; but
to throw back to the gentleTen opposite the incon-
sistency which tbey had charged upon his friends
and his side of the House. If it was (as the Sena-
tors on the other side contended it was) an insult to
sovereign States to impose restrictions on their Le-
gislatures, how did it happen that tbey were so ex-
cessively anxious to impose this addmonal restric-
tion? He and his friends did not want to go so far:
they only required restriction as to territorial con-
tiguity—the least offensive interference with tbe
State Legislatures, leaving the apportionment of
population free to them. But the gentlemen oppo-
site want to make the resolution most offensive, by-
extending it to population as well as territory.
How could they ta'k of inconsistency after this?
He admonished gentlemen who live m glass houses,
to be cautious, for the future, how they throw
stones
He and his friends had been doing every thing
they could do, consistent wi h their sense of duty,
and of their constitutional obligations, to avoid in-
terfering with the rights of the States offensively;
but the gentlemen opposite had been doing all in.
their power to force them to such a manner of ex-
etcistng the constitutional power as must be most
odious—first, as to tbe districting of ins States by
Congreks, and, now, as to die atmg to them the ad-
justment of districts, so that equality of numbers'
shall be preserved, which must render necessary
the most inconvenient divisions of counties. It
was perf ctly obvious mat the whole tendency of
the gentleman's opposition wav to prevent the bene-
ficent results of this bill
[Here Mr A. alluded to some remarks of the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr Allen,] to which he at-
tributed men ices, and, conceiving they might be
supposed to be personal to his friend', be wished to
have a clear understanding of the matter, Mr.
Allen recapitulated his remarks in those particu-
lars, and the Chair decided that they were parlia-
mentary, and should not be taken as personal Tbe
debate on the«e pom s ocupied much time, but,
hiving no reference to tne business under discus-
sion, it is omitted ]
Mr CONRAD explained what had influenced
his vote on the occasion to which the Senator from
Rhode Island [Mr Simmons] and the Senator from.
N-w Hampshire [Mr Woodbury] bad alluded.
His opinion had been decided by the rem-vrvs of
the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr Buchanan,]
which he stated, as he understood them
Mr BUCHANAN explairred'what he did iay
on the occasion alluded to.
Mr CONRAD con'mued He so understood
the Senator. It only satisfied biia that be was
light in Ins conclusion, that the effect ot this
amendment would be to divide counties.
The experience of the past had not inspired hiia
with much confidence in the legislation of General
Assemblies m the States on some subjects The
absence of Senators from Tennessee in this cham-
ber admonished him, in a votee louder than that
of the Senator from 0>no, and  ~<ore eloquent than
thit of ihe Senator from New York But he had
no fear that even State  in which the Beraocra'ie
party had the ascendencv, would make such in-
roads on the representative principle as gentlemen
opposite imagined They fear such a thing might
take place in Slates where their opponents have
the ascendency, but he knew no such thing could
occur, and he doubted if that was no secretly their
own convicion He was not, therefore, in the
least alarmed by menaces or prophecies in relation
to what maybe the supposed result cf reconsidering
this amendment
If the mantle of prophecy was to descend on any
one in this chamber, it certainly ought to be on ib*
