1
«1*                           -
N       *        i   i,        ,„,.............,,.!!.....  mu   i T .iiiim  m i'r>^«......
shoulders of the Senator from Ohio; for he had
shown a greater aptitude to the gift than any one
he knew It was not long since tbathe threatened, >
and reiterated his prophecy day after day for ten
day* running, m trying to get up his resolution
about Rhode Island. Day after day he prophesied
the most bloody civil war as a consequence of not
taking up his resolution. Yet the resolution was
not taken up, and no civil war had come. This, he
hoped, would be some excuse for his skepticism in
relation to the prophetic powers of the gentlemen
on the other side.
Mr RIVES had voted yesterday against the
amendment He was not aware of any caucus hav-
ing taken place to induce this motion, and, if there
was, he certainly could not be accused of being in-
fluenced by it. He would, in conformity with bis
previous vo e, now vote to reconsider the amend-
ment, and, on the mam question, vote against the
amendment
Mr. BAGBY spoke for upwards of an hour.
The /ollowmg is a mere outline of the positions in
argument which he teok When time permits,
his remarks will be written out in full, and pub-
lished
In reference to the difference between the district
system and the general-ticket system, he observed
that the best practical example which had ever
rnen given of the beautiful effects of the district
system, was to be found in the history of the revo-
lution in Prance. In that country the district sys
tem existed in all its perfection The results of it
were written m the records of the reign of terror.
He asserted, and took his stand upon the assertion,
that the general-ticket system is constitutional, and
that the district system is unconstitutional On
ibis convic'ion, he also asserted that there was not
a principle in the second section of this bill that
was not unconstitutional
The only question, he conceived, at issue now
was, whether a single State, (Missouri,) on which
the efftcts of this clause would fall wi h peculiar
injustice, should be exempted from its operation at
the next elections.
He asked, would the Constitution ever have
been ratified if it gave Congress the right thu-i to
oppress a single State, or, if the substantive and
distinct proposition had been contained in it, that
Congress should have the power to compel the
States to district the States, and to prohibit ihem
Jiom the adoption of the general-ticket system?
He would regard this clause, not as a law, but
as f meie expression of opinion on the pa't of Con-
gres , without the vitality of a las, because it pio-
vidcs no means for carrying out its object, as a
law should What would be thought ot Congress
meeting to consider a question of peace or war,
and adjourning, on making adiclaration of war,
without providing the means for carrying it on' Yet
would it not be a case precisely analogous with
this?
Mr. Jefferson—allowed by the living, as well as
the dead, to be the father of democracy—if the
tomb m which hejies so quietly murned could
"burst its ponderous and marble jaws" to give him
to the world a?am in all his pristine vigor, would
stand aghast af this assumption of power     And
what would be his opinion of the doctrines held
Ihisday by a Virg ma Senator—a Representative
of his own bficved State'   Bankrupt laws, alien
and sedition law , the distribution act,—all  at-
tempts ncielofore made to consolidate power in the
Federal Go/ernment, smtc into  the shade when
placed side by side with thw act    Should it pass,
he would n)t doubt what the Senator from Ohio
bad said—that be would be able to girdle all the
Whigs m Oaio in a single belt    And this was ihe
only consolation that could be drawn from it—that
it must defeat itself and prove a nulhty.    But he
derived no consolation fiom a consequence calcu-
lated  to   bring  ihe   Government  into contempt
Such must be the effect of pa sing this law  with
such a ciause m  t     It makes it d dead  letter , it
injsi tall to the ground, a nonentity at its birth
Where do gentlemen get the po*er'    la it above
or superior to that of the S'ate '   Can the creature
be greater than the creator'   Yet the attempt is
f HW.de to dictate to the States what they shall do. Is
Were a. citizen of any State that ought not to feel
ÜONG&ESSÍONAL GLOBE.
ashamed of the pusillanimity of his State m sub-
mitting to this dictation (f the agent to the princi-
pal? In allusion to all that had been said about
parties, and the power exercised over them, by king
Caucus, he would remark, that if any such power
ruled the 19 on his side of the House, it was with-
out his knowledge, but, if there was unanimity in
their action, and singleness of purpo e in their
views, it arose from the fact, that their principles
were based on foundations as eternal as the link of
cause and effect, and canuot be undermined or mis-
taken. If this game of undoing o day what was
done vesterday, is to be carried on, where will it
end? Does it not grow out of the council held last
mghi? This quesfon, and all like it, must be met
on principle. If it is right, why depend upon sub
altern means of carrjine it out' Why not carry
it out at once, by the full exercise of the power,
if it exists at all' What is Congress doing but
dictating to its 26 masters, and provoumg them to
resistance and the assertion of their own mastery'
Mr WHITE considered the course which had
been pursued was altogether wide of the motion
which he hsd submitted He should have been
glad, on a suitable occasion, to have had an oppor-
tunity of hearing from the other side all that could
be said with regard to the theory of government,
but it did not seem to him that there was any thing
ne , cogent, or convincing, in the arguments
brought forward to prove the exercise of this power
to be an offensive dictation to the States He re-
ferred to the late occasion in which his side of the
chamber had assisted the gentlemen opposite to
obtain a reconsideration of the bill to refund the
fine to General Jackson, and he said he did not ex-
pect they would have voted against the reconsidera-
tion of this subject now desired by those who as
sisted them
Mr   KING observed thai the question had not
yet been taken on the motion to reconsider
Mr. WHITE stood corrected the vote was not
yet taken. He then entered at large into the
question of the supposed dictation to ihe States,
and he contended tnat, if any State should so far
forget its duty as to refuse compliance to the law,
it ought not to have the excuse of referring to th 
example of a sister State being exempted from th 
operation of the law. This was a sufficient reason
for not legislating partially, to exempt a particular
State He argued in favor of the district s>stem,
contending that it had greit and manife t advan-
tages The exerci e of tne power to produce uni
formity, he contended, was a Federal duty, in con-
tradistinction to the duty of the States, which hi
considered local
He put a case to the Senator from Ohio, [Mr
Tappan ) that Oh o, with a Democratic majority
in us General Assemoly, was induced to put the
Western Reserve into a single district, giving all the
rest of its representation to the remainder of the
S ate how long, he asked, would the Serator's
party retain power in that State, after suca an act'
Because he believed this amendment not neces
sary, he was willing, for one, to vote for lis recon-
sideration
Mr TALLMADGE observed, that all he de-
sired was, that when a county should come veiy
near the ratio—suppose the county of Albany, with
68 500—it should be allowed a member without
dividing an adj >imng county All ho required
was, that the Legislature roigi1 have the discretion
of making su^h adjustments The city and coun
ty of New York would, of course, be divided into
four districts The county of Oneida would prob-
ably hive to be divided, tut the State Legislatures
ought to be left the discretion of sett'mg this mat-
ter
Mr WRIGHT said he owed the Senate no
apology for occupying a few moments of it«¡ time
He did owe them a debt for the time he occup ed a
few days ago, but tried to pay it with deep interest
by his silence since He did not rise for tne pur-
pose of replying to any Senator, or any remarks
made ía the course of this debat , but for the pur-
pose of presenting to the Senate a -ecapitulation of
the proceedings of yesterday, on the question un-
der cons'deration. There are two great principles
mvrlved m the question, and which lie at the
I foundation of our Constitution.   The one is, as to
the manner of gi'/irg popular repre entalion, and
the other, the representative principle itself By a
very short recapitulation, he des'red to show that
the Senate had manifested its dis'ru«tof the House,
in the manner of representation; and of every
State in the Union, in reference to the manner of
appfjmg ths representative principle.
The first auestion presented io them was, whether
fractions of the population should be represented.
Upon this question, his political friends, as well as
their opponents, had been divided as to tbe principle.
The Senate, by a very divided vo e, had adopted tbe
frac i nal principle.   Wh>'  Because the principle
of represeniaaon according to  population ought
to be preserved in constituting the House of Rep-
resentatives      With this he found no fault.   It
was the voice of the Senate, and he was willing to
submi. to it     A decided   mfjonty of   this body
were in  favor of br.' gmg  the  House of Rep-
resentative  to the smallest postóle number whieh
it was    upposed tne House would vo'e for.    A
ratio was adopted, by a strong and decided vote, to
Inng the House to the number of 217—a reduc-
tion of 25 members     He (Mr.   Wright) found
no fault wi h thi-, but he spoke of the impressions
and opinions of this body, in regard to  the meas-
ure of repre en ation to  be allowed to the people
of this country m the ether House.   And what
was  the opinion of the House of Representatives?
That body, which represents the people of these
United States, whose interests  they were, by  the
second  section, endeavoring to consult, decided
fiat the Hoase  shou'd consist of 306     The dif-
ference,  then, between the two bodies, as to ihe
nnmler of which the Honse should consist, was
89     All  this had passed very qu e ly, but there
was   a   disposition   manifested  here  to   control
the  manner of  holding   elecfons,   by directing
that every State m the Union should be divided
into districts—each district b°mg  entitled to elect
one Representa ive    They had, m the first place,
compressed he House into  the smallest number
possible, and then they were very pertinacious in
controlling 'he manner    A decided majority were
in favor of this proposition, and the minority had
not rebelled, they had on'y resis'ed with such poor
arguments ps had not convinced    They had de-
termined,  th^n, that   the Hou<e  should consist
of   the saa lest  number—should   be  elected in
a particular manner, l-rdependcntly   of  the ac-
tion   of   the   States,   and   it   was   now    pro-
posed  to tlrm to deteirmne whether the very rep-
resentative pnnciple should be carried along with it,
and whether, when the L°gis'atures of the States
had   acted in cor/ormity wuh   the  mandate   of
Congress, they should preserve tbe representative
principle—that is, that the distr cts should, as near-
ly as may be, be composed of equal representative
population    He confessed he was not surprised
ye,lerday to see vote upen vo e sprung upon this
question, regardless of p )h<ical principles or party
feelings     The district system had been held up to
them as democratic, and  that it was ihe  duty of
Congress to fore it upon the States because it was
democratic     But, though ycu compel the States to
adopt this boroughs}stcm, you permit them to make
tSeir districts as they please, giving o one district
6J 000, and another 90,000
The argumen that had been used was, that
the Stales had the right to control this mat-
ter, and you have no right to sjppose th y wi 1
do it incorrectly He n-juic^d to see, at least, thu
remaining confidence ia the Legislatures of the
States But, if they wer  toe safe depositories of
one power, w< re trsey noi so of the other? Why
was the confidence which was reposed in them in
one instance, denied to them m .he other' The
power had been sa*ely and nnobjeetionably con-
fided to them for fifty years past It h?d been said
that it was inexpedient to adopt this amendment,
bee?use it would compel the States io breakup their
present «hstrict system If they a 'opt d the amend-
ment, they would most pssuredly corcp ! the States
to break up their prese-1 system, and, as predicted
by the gentleman irom D l?wa>-e, compel them to
adopt a or rough system, fiom which the Democ-
racy would most assj'ediy absolve themselves.
But, if Congress adoot the one principle, namely,
that of districting, they should adopt the other also--.
