CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                               „_.    ^   <ñ¥
lajge revenue, too—is required for the 'wants of .the
Government—that the oaljr bugbsar in the way is
the land distribution bill. This was av wed<—hon-
estly avowed—by the gentleman from Kentucky;
and he would hold him to it.
Mr. W. said he would go for a liberal tariff for
revenue. He would vote to-day to raise the du-
ties above twenty per cent., because the Govern-
ment was in debt, and wanted money to carry on
its operations; and he would do lhat under the ex-
isting law—the land bill—which bore on its face
the declara'ion—the pledge—that when the duties
should exceed twenty per centum, distribution
should cease. He agreed with the honorable gentle-
man that there was no principle of legislation by
which one Congress could bind its successors, except
good faith. Those who devised the land dis'ribu-
tton law enacted—did not pledge merely, but en-
acted—that when it should be found necessary to
raise the dutieS above twenty per cant., the distribu-
tion should be suspended. Was there nothing, in
good.faith, binding the very same men who made
that law, to fulfil ii? Sir, the time has come when
Government needs more revenue than can be col-
lected under existing law?; when it needs so much
revenue, that a revenue tariff will give that reason-
able protection to our domestic manufactures, to
which no Southern man will object; and while the
gentleman threatened the tariff-men with a loss of
protection if they did not repeal the clause of the
distribution act, I, to get a repeal nf that act, will
go fdr raising the dunes above twenty per cent.
He might see some partial good in protection; but
he could see no good—noihng but bribery, cor-
ruption, and ruin—in the distribution act. He want-
ed neither a high tanffnor distribution; but, though
he was an anti-tariff man, he woold agree to give
some protection, lather than retain the distribution
act. He would rather see some portion of the
country benefited, than the whole country injured.
He was not, however, called on to vote for protec-
tion, but for revenue; and,in voting revenue enough
for the purposes of the Government, he would give
as much protection as the manufacturers eugbt to
expect.
Mr. EVERETT observed that he voted for the
distribution act on the ground that the lands were
the original property of the States, and because he
wished to take them out of the political market.
If. there had been no other way of doing this he
would, have been willing to cede them back to the
States who gave them. With regard to the twenty
per cent, clause, every consideration with him was
.n favor ef its repeal. He would rather that this
'bill should not pass, and trust to the consequences,
than stop the distribution. He voted for that clause
because there was a necessity to adopt it, in order
to. pass the bill; but he gave that vote with a de-
termination thai, at the first opportunity that offer-
ed, ha would' get rid of it. He did not consider
that honor or good fai'h required of him to adhere
to a measure that had been forced en him as that
was.
After a few more remarks from Mr. E., in reply
to Messrs. Wise and Gushing,
Mr. POSTER understood the gentleman from
Vermont to say that he voted ior this proviso in
the distribution act, in order to obtain the advan-
tage of passing the law, and, aftar.rards, of repeal-
ing the j-roviso. He heard (his admission with
deep regret; for there wai no gentleman for whom
he entertained a higher respect than he did for him.
He was aware that thsie was no law but what
could be repealed, and that one Congress could
not bind its successors; but, m passing that act, there
was a faith fledged, that ought not to be violated.
He believed there was not a man in the House, or
in the Senate, that would get up and say that the
distribution law could have passed without that
clause. It was a contract, as well understood at
the-time, as any that had ever been made between
individuals; and those who voted for it seemed to
Mm to be under the same obligations to adhere to
their contracts; No man believed that the bi.l
could have been passed without that proviso. What
vfcasit? It was this, [reading from the law:] «If, st
ag* time daring the existence of this act, there
shall be an imposition of duties on imports incon-
ijsíéirt' with the provisions of the act of 3d March,
1833, and beyond the rate of duty fixed by that act,
viz: 20 per cent, ad valorem, the distribution pro-
vided for by this act shall be suspended, and shall
continue impended until the cause of suspension
shall be removed." Mr. F. continued his remarks
at some length; concluding with the position, that
the act was passed in good faith, and should be ad-
hered to.
Mr. J R. INGERSOLL replied at some length,
contending tha , if good policy required the repeal
of the clause, there was nothing that rendered it
obligatory on Congress to retain it. He argued
that there was no contract expressed or implied;
and that, unless there was a contract, (one essential
ingredient of which was a valuable consideration,)
no Legislature was bound to abide by the acts of its
predecessor.
Mr. PROFFIT remarked, (Mr. I. yielding the
floor for the purpose of explanation,) that there was
a consideration—and that wa', the parage of the
bankrupt bill, nearly at the same time. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania was not here at that-
time, and did not know the circumstances under
which these two acts were passed; bul, if he could
get the floor, he would explain them all, and show
that it was , aid in the Senate that there was a con.
tract by which the passage of the one bill depended
on the other.
After some further remarks from Mr. J. R. IN-
GERSOLL—
Mr. GOGGIN went at lengih thtough a history
of Mr. President Tyler's legislative course id the
Houso of Delegates in Virginia, to fasten upon
him inconsistency on the subject of the distribution
law. •
The honorable gentleman being called to order
for irrelevancy, replied that he spoke in reference
to the declaration of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Wise.] that the President would veto ibis
bill.
Mr. WISH denied that he had thrown out any
such intimation.
Mr. GOGGSN resumed, and concluded bis
speech.
Mr. PROPFIT (amid many cries of "Rise, rise,")
said he wished to address a few remarks to the
committee, in reply to what had fallen from the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Goggin ] He wa«
sorry to see political considerations introduced into
the debate; but, inasmuch as that gentleman had
spoken of the opinions of the President as to the
distribution of the land fund, he would say a few
words, leaving the full answer to the gentleman
from -Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] who declared he could
answer all ihat had been asserted in relation to the
incmsistency of John Tyler. The resolutions
spoken of as having been approved by the Presi-
dent, contemplated a surplus before Ihe land fund
was distributed.
Mr. ARNOLD inquired what be meant by a sur-
plus.
Mr. PROFFIT meant a surplus in the treasury,
such as formerly existed, when various proposi-
tions were made for disposing of it. He com-
mented upon the propriety of these gentlemen of
ihe Whig party talking of the inconsistency of the
President, when they had been so inconsistent
themselves, m a few rn'n'hs' time—taking one
course of action at th' extra -ession, and another
at this scss-on—at that time advocating a provision
to prevent the tariff from going beyond twenty per
cent., and now dielanng that they never meant it
to go into operation.
Ha complained of the workings of party, by
which th-i subject of distribution had been intro-
duced into this deba'e. The chairman of the
Ways and Mean.* bad introduced a bill to extend
the operation of the present revenue laws until the
1st ot Aug^t. This was not enough for the party;
and a day or tao after, a ne*;; biil was brought in,
to prevent the su?pension of th3 distribution law
du-i:.g tha; , erlod. lie appealed to his old friends
of the Whig pary, in a manner that excited much
merriment. He begged them not to insist upon
ihis proviso, when ihey would get but a million aid
a quarter at most, during the present year, from the
distnbut.on law. He referred to the letter of one
of the Senators from Mississippi, stating that be
voted for that law because of his desire to have
.......—i—■.....—.........■    i                    'in-'     ^  i.     ■ i                                      --------------------------——%
the bankrupt bill passed; and appealed to the gen-
tleman from Mississippi for a statement of the
facts.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON replied, that he had
not a copy of the letter, but recollected that the
Senator declared he was induced to vote for the
distribution bill because he could therebyprOcure
the passage of the bankrupt bill.
Mr. WISE wished to read a part of the report-
made by Mr. Tyler to the Virginia Legislature,
which hi* colleague [Mr. Gogqin] had not read
when addressing the House.
Mr. ARNOLD objected; but
Tne CHAIR decided it might be read.
Mr. PROFFIT then read, at the request of Mr.
Wise, a resolution offered by Mr. Tyler in the
Virginia House of Delegates, in 1839, declaring
that the compromise act should be held sacred and
inviolate.
After a few remarks from Mr. GOSG1N—
Mr. PROFFIT proceeded with his argument.
He contended that the act of the extra sessiog was
more binding than the compromise of 1833. He
would say to the tariff men, that their dearest in-
terests were connected with politics and President-
making; that the party here was determined to con-
nect their interests with poli'ics. He appealed to
gentlemen to discard party considerations in this
matter, and not risk the loss of a tariff -altogether
for the sake of the paltry sum of a million and a
quarter a year from the distribution law.
When Mr. P. had concluded his remarks,
Mr. GILMER obtained the floor, and was about
to address the committee ; but gave way to a mo-
tion by Mr. MORGAN lhat the committee rise ;
which was agrted to.
Several minutes having elapsed, the Spbasee
entered the hall and resumed the chair.
Mr. FILLMORE then said, inasmuch as it was
important to have speedy action on this bill, he de-
sired to offer a resolution for taking the bill out of
committee within one half hour's time.
Objections having been made in various quar-
ters, a motion to adjourn was made and entertain-
ed by the Speaker.
Mr. FILLMORE claimed the floor, and contend-
ed that the motion could not be received.
The SPEAKER adhered to  his decision.
Mr. FILLMORE then called for the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn ; which were taken,
and resulted, ayes 81, noes 94
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. FILLMORE's resolution was then read as
follows:
Resolved, That, in halfan hour from thepassage of thisreso-
lotion, all debate in Committee of the Whole House onbtll No.
480 shall cease; and the committee shall proceed to vote on
amendments then pending, or that may be offered, to said bill;
and then report the same to the House, with such amendments
as may have been agreed to by the committee.
Mr. ARNOLD was about to address the House,
but was called to order from various parts of the
hall.
Mr. TURNEY moved that the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER decided that the motion was
not in order.
Mr. TURNEY aopealed from the decision, and
called for the ayes and noes on the appeal; which
were ordered.
Tne SPEAKER stated the reason for his decis-
ion. It was not in order to move an adjournment
now, because no business had occurred since the
last motion was rejected.
Mr. J. G. FLOYD said that the ayes ard noes
had been taken; and that was considered business,
according to the Constitution.
Mr. GAMBLE moved to lay the appeal on the
table.
Mr. HOUSTON called for the ayes and noes ;
which were ordered : whereupon,
Mr. GAMBLE withdrew his motion.
As the question was about to be taken on the ap-
peal,                                                    •.               ,
Mr. McKEON obtained the floor, and moved
that it tw Mid upon the table.
The motion prevailed—yeas 102, nays 71.
Mr. W. O. GO0DE moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. McKENNAN asked leave to make a sug-
gestion; but his voice wai soon drowned by cries oi
" order."
• <
